v

>1 *:'"k

ifili

Hi Wm

FINANCIAL HEADQUARTERS

for YOU

These banks are prepared and willing to extend to you financial credit for any sound purpose. Consult with their officers concerning any financial problem you may have.

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH

National Association With branches at Ogden, Logan, Provo, Bingham,

Magna, Richmond, Park City

FIRST NATIONAL BANK

Of Salt Lake City With branches at Sugarhouse and Tooele

FIRST SECURITY TRUST CO.

Salt Lake City

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO, N. A.

With branches at Boise, Pocatello, Blackfoot, Emmett,

Gooding, Hailey, Idaho Falls, Jerome, Montpelier,

Mountain Home, Nampa, Payette, Preston, Shoshone

FIRST SECURITY BANK

Rock Springs, Wyo.

Members of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

THE ORIGINAL LOS ANGELES Self Piercing., Self Clinchin Hotel Lankershim

7TH & BROADWAY 52.50 J3.00 *3.50

"No SALT NoBargaining57 LAKESaltSTAMPLake City,CO.Utah W. Broadway LOS ANGELESWorry"

Frank Wishon, Send For Free Samples Operator

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

"D entonite is a form of clay which has the curious property of absorbing from three to seven times its volume of water and expanding to more than six times its original volume. Dams

and walls of reservoirs are sealed by making a soupy mud of bentonite and forcing it under pressure into the sand or gravel beds.

/obra venom is reported to relieve 1 the severe pain of cancer, locomo-V tor ataxia, and some other conditions without any dulling or depressing effect on the mind, giving instead a stimulating effect. Given in suitable doses

nearly twothirds of a group of patients suffering from advanced cancer were relieved of pain by the venom. At

least half of those treated having chronic arthritis, neuritis, and neuralgia have found some relief from pain.

Though the effect in relief of pain is slower than morphine, it lasts longer.

HPhe largest freshwater fish in the world, the arapaima, lives in the waters of the Guianas in South America. It grows as long as fifteen feet but

is sluggish and stays near the bottoms of the rivers. "5SThe John Deere SideDelivery

gives that is the Rake only rake you to analyze of the spectroscope useDy floating the cylinder, inclined frame, light Pole from it, the north coming quickdetachable and teeth. curved

Star has been found to comprise two And it's that combination of features LOADERS in that gives the leafsaving otherstars pereach you revolving around

There's John for Deere Loader that formance hay of highest means of star in a third a periodfour days, every crop. combination raker a The

that's in high feeding barcylinder loader floating with quality—hay fourth star revolvyears,twelve a and

here, cylinder, has threeshown profit means whether ining of about period twenty a pivoted point with foremounting thouvalue—thatyou crop. feed or sell your for truck folds ease in which years.sand ing loader. Selfadjusting cylinder floating+—storalong following the ground Mississippi River has madeHPhe irregularities many floatssurface all to get the

in its course. A changes By cutting float teeth clean hay. the Curved hay

through narrow necks of land it has into loose, fluffy windrows—leaves

straightened and shortened its course inside for proper curing in nature's way. quickdetachable, are in Teeth miles. cutthirty as as Theseby much

pairs, a single bolt. removing byoffs into rural river placed have towns Inclined provides clearance frame

districts built sandbars and up and for loose windrows. making

forests in front of them. By moving

Only SideDelivery Deere the John the at Louisiana,sidewise Times, Hard this gives combination of you isriver region miles the of west two it Rakeleafsaving features. See your John PRESSES site original of toused occupy. The dealer. Deere John Deere builds for is inthe settlement not Louisiana now every requirement. a Thepress

labor-, and moneysaving in river thebut side of the windrowtime-, other the on pickup here, shown takes hay from to in press,windrow bale one fast, leafsavingstate of Mississippi. MAIL WIS COUPON TOOAY/ operation.

"RyiANY leguminous crops would be benefited by the presence in the John Deere, Moline, 111., Dept. H-50

Please send strains of thosesoil of the proper me complete information on the hay 1 1

I have checked: fix toolsnoduleforming bacteria which

) ( SideDeliverynitrogen the air. from Tests with gar-

( ) Loaders in California Rake J j JOHN DEEREbanzos that have shown ) ( Presses larger yields obtained can be by inMOLINE.ILUNOISoculating the seed with the proper Name R.R * j

strain of these bacteria.

(Concluded on page 196) Town State. /Hmprooemenf Era (DoWhat weedyou,is a Jinownatural gold 'The Glory of God is Intelligence"miner? 196

project? 201 Coulee the Grand Dam Grant, J. Heber 1941APRIL. How water will be administered in first Grant's President Widtsoe, A. long How NUMBER 4 JohnVOLUME 44 lasted? Editors 203 in Tooele public speech

L. Evans, Richard Genof the titles members what By "THE VOICE THE CHURCH"OF Editor Managing adbe should Authorities eral

. Josephson, Marba C - PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE 204 dressed? Editor Associate ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTIMPROVEMENT MUTUAL

Morris, George Genera/ Q. Mgr COMMITTEE, OF EDUCATION, MUSIC WARD MENT

Associate Lucy C.mnon, G. OTHER AGENCIES TEACHERS, OF THE CHURCH AND Mgr Howtheirwellobligations?Latterday Saints pay 206 Orton, Mgr. K. Business SAINTS. J. LATTERDAY OF JESUS OF CHRIST

What rumors were circulated about

Porter Rockwell as a "destroying angel"? 207

Whether religious living insures us against tragic experiences in life? L -208

Criticism Heber J. Grant 203 In what order alcohol breaks down

thought patterns and obliterates restraints?—..210

Using Names "In Vain"Joseph Fielding Smith 204 How to explain the "hole in the top of the in the.. bottom"and also Obligations?.. How Well Do Latterday Saints Pay Their

Jaredites? 211 the used by Kimball 206 boats Spencer

Evidences and Reconciliations- -XXXVI—What Is The What changes in thinking and

Meaning o the Atonement?.. John A. Widtsoe 225 conductical changesaccompanyin a growingthe boy?.. 212biolog- A Word of Caution Concerning the Grand Coulee Project,

Washington C. Orval Scott 201 TheNavajostory ofpeace?Tom——-Holliday and a 214

Conference Broadcast, Andrew Ward Teaching 236

M. Andersen 198 No TobaccoLiquor 210, 232 Where an old lake bed is yielding

Brigham Young Said, Compiled Genealogy 237 some unusual Indian artifacts? 216

by Heber Q. Hale 220 Music 238 By what casting technique the

The Nation's Press on Reed Mutual Messages: Executives....239 goldsmiths of Central America

Smoot 220 Special Interest 240 and Peru made gold ornaments? 218

Church Moves On 221 M MenGleaners 240 232 Explorers Priesthood: 240 Where the Church's newest stake Melchizedek

Aaronic s 234 Juniors 241 has been organized? 221

Scouts 241 When the April general conference

SpsudaL JjbcdjjUmdu convenes? J.. 224

the atonefunction the of What VII... Orrin.Nicholas Porter Rockwell. Chapter Alfen 207 Van

is in of salvation? 225 the plan ment

Life....Lowell Fruits of Religious Living in This 208 Bennion The

parents must be careful Why Recreation Biochemistry Austin 210 Robert R. and Alcoholic

"where they walk"?. 226......'.........A, L. 211 Jaredite Barges Zobell

sills easier to window make How Bridging 212 McClellan the Gap. C. E*

... to dust? 227 Peace... 214 Navajo Jones Kumen

studied are to be hymns What Indian Artifacts... 216 Thornock W. Rudger the during throughout Church

Exploring the Universe, FrankMetal Craft in Ancient America, April, May, and Jurie?..—.......... 238

..:........193 lin S. Harris, Jr. Charles E. 218 Dibble the new Who Churchwide M Merf.................:..... j Telefacts 223 the Book Rack.'. 1 96 On are? champions 244

at Ancient Looking AmerBack Homing: Walking With...... Their

ica, William and Dewey Parents. 226 Cannon W. T. EDITORIAL EXECUTIVE AND, 200 Farnsworth Here's 226 How OFFICES:

Proof,,-217 Janice Wilson...:....... Hints 227 "Handy

'Salt'Street, 'Lake Citt'.'.U'tWhV 50"North Main

. and Garner Wisdom,........ Corner Cooks'227 1* ''.Listen..:.... Sears....:... L:J 217 Jack Index 1941, to Advertisers Copyright Funds, Inc., a CorMutual by 227

poration ImproveMen's Young Mutual in of the the Hall of Youth Mormon Basketball Champions 244 Men M Christ ment Church of Jesus of the 256 Steele 218 and Ours Page Your Fame, C. Frank Saints. Latterday. Association rights reserved. SubAll of

scription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; 20c

jcUl&ucddu singleEnteredcopy.at the;. Post Office, Salt Lake City,

General Conference.......... i...::..:....:....;...... 224 Utah,mailingas atsecondclassspecial -ratematter.rof postageAcceptanceprovidedfor

Antaeus Richard L, Evans 224 for in section 1103, 'Act of October, 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era 'is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes conReturn Christie Lund Coles 205 bytributions.sufficientAllpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust beandaccompaniedreturn.

Orrin Porter Rockwell. Chapter VII Nicholas Van Alfen 207 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

After "Goodnights"Sadie H, Greenhalgh 213 REPRESENTATIVES 219 Frontispiece: Poetry Page Organ The

S. Gossip, Dustin 202 Speaks, Rose Jean Rasey Edna 246 EdwardFrancis M.S. Townsend,Mayo, Salt SanLakeFranciscoCity

Puzzle....254 Scriptural 209 Nilson Crossword Artha Truth, V.

MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF JhsL Qov&A, CIRCULATIONS THIS impressive photographic study of the entrance to the Church Adminis istration in building Quentin Salt of A. the work Lake City Howard. A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

this the the at conference leadership throughout Church from door goes Through time, and all the year. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

PLANTING TIME IS PREC throughout every stage of soil preparation and planting you can SAVE TIME and do a

better job with the

No other tractor can maneuver a spreader in and out oi a corral or barnyard so easily as the Eimco PowerHorse.

Its positive drive to all four wheels gives ample traction even on slippery barnyard ground.

With this 16inch "horsedrawn"twoway plow, the

PowerHorse pulls a deep furrow in second speed at more than three miles per hour. Only a few seconds are required to unhook from the plow and hook on to a harrow.

REGISTERED U.S. PAT. OFF.POWERHORSE

Designed by men who know tractor problems through many years oi actual Utah farming experience, and manufactured right here in Salt Lake City, the PowerHorse that tractor is the only made replaces horses completely and successfully—yet outover. timesperforms them many

Positive Drive to All Four Wheels Gives Far Greater four Equallarge divisionbillowy oftiresweightenablesand thetractivePowerHorsepower betweento pull itsa over harrow newlyplowed with ground less packing down Pulling Safety PowerPromotes of the soil than is possible other with any type of wheeled tractor. Eimco PowerHorse cause the front wheels are not merely Final drive on the

is through roller chains and sprockets, pushed ahead—instead, they pull, climb

running in a bath of oil, to each of the and virtually LIFT the machine over obfour wheels—with no universal joints or stacles of any kind. THE POWERdifferential gearing. This means that HORSE IS THE ONLY WHEELED TRACyou always have traction so long as TOR THAT CAN BE OPERATED EFFIeven one wheel is on firm ground, and CIENTLY AND SAFELY ON ROUGH OR

that no wheel can "spin"under any SLIPPERY GROUND AND STEEP SIDE conditions. The pulling power of the HILLS. Four speeds, forward and rePower-Horse is always astounding to verse, assure ample power, minimum

anyone using it for the first time, befuel consumption.

Power Steering Practically Eliminates Fatigue

Permits Driving With Two Lines From Any Attached Vehicle or Implement—Gives

Unequaled Maneuverability pulling a When "horsedrawn"drill grain the with Starting, side, or Reversing Stopping, the other and wheel and swing Eimco PowerHorse, don't you have the wonder whether is of seed the properly. theSteering around, PowerHorse are sit PowerHorse can accomdrill canto You the REVERSE on and

it watch as you would with welltrained a sturdy, simple, while theplished side other of a forward. one by means goes feedingoperate—just team.

control operating This turningpatented permits the mechanism, PowerHorse in of oil within a bath a sealed comwheel base on gives such and its own POWERHORSE BOOKLETS, DEMONSTRAflexibility the of that "driving"partment, permits which amazing operation TIONS, etc., can also be secured through

lines time at are posiwith frommachine the foltwo and any saved rowevery money lowing authorized Sales Agents: Lee Anderson. J.

tion is prefers. the end. fatigue Steering operator practically can be He City, Oak Utah; C. Miner, Springville, G. Utah;

itself, the pull, eliminated light walkseated rePower-Horse or because on a Clyde; Rosenberry, St. George, Utah H. A. Young,

of is lease, lines it, or oring beside attached seated both the one only any on Mt. Pleasant, Utah; Palisade, Raymond Dunston,

vehicle effort required, or implement. the best matter no Whereas rough the how Colorado; J. G. Wiant, Hale,; Ross

other turn. theany do is to stop sharp tractor can one ground or how Pocatello, Idaho; Coffey Idaho. Dillon,& Williams,MontanaBurley,

Many Other MoneySaving Advantages Described in Booklet ical also but features, shows and saving Scores how are PowerHorses of THE EIMCO CORPORATION they in the why mean pocket moneybig their users money for RIGHT NOW Salt 300, City. of Box Lake Utah every rowcrop today farmer. Write rancheson and farms throughout Utah

a copy, or use for the free Please convenient send the PowerHorse with Booklet me states. adjoining illustratedand Our 11 receive coupon. a the booklet You that understanding obligation charge or no BY12page booklet not gives only comwill l\o call will MAIL. unless salesman kind incurred. any be of

plete information regarding mechaninvited.

NAME

ADDRESS......THE EIMCO CORPORATION OCCUPATION

634G66 South 4th West Salt Lake City, Utah i

I IIIBIIM1III THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

TELEFACT THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT 19411942

INCOME EXPENDITURES

OTHER

NONDEFENSE PURPOSES

INTEREST ON

PUBLIC DEBT

AID TO NAVY

FARMERS WORK OTHER RELIEF DEFENSE.SCIENCE SERVICEPICTOGRAPH CORPORATION 4-1uj

Exploring the Universe thanIn southerntwo thousandCaliforniamiles thereof windbreaks.are more SIVEH* (Concluded from page 193) 4—

TThe horsetail weed is a natural gold of conmethod promising soil in miner. it grows When Avery

in cattle Bang's disease trolling content the gold; has a gold it absorbs hence

heifer in calf and vaccinagold-prospecting found burncan be done by successful has been analvzincr M>HGE& beention. with the ashes. inn the nlant and This method

IT FREEZES WITH in completely ridding one herd of infecTin, nickel, silver, copper, and other

NO MOVING PARTS tion, and wider use is being tried. metals can be similarly located by plants

soil. concentrating the from them

controlling of method rodents, + -*M**+A*L../uju**ta Anew been developed, fleas, has tests reading have and their Performance

Only the good for yearround use. A small A formly shown that Old Englishuniis

quantity of liquid methyl bromide is read about twelve per cent more slowly opening. burrow at each applied face. ordinary type

...—+ than+ GflS eggs chicken in of the the and heredity rush water "\17hen on Studies "v of thickness the River, that too Quebec, Saguenay found was haveREFRIGERATOR by determined is partly building the to permit swift foundashell of a the egg all these advantages offers you of percentage the the for tion that a dam, was power and dam heredity

of built standing end on a bank on one firm albumen in the eggs is an inherited and more peomore YEAR, EVERY of river. concrete block the This with characteristic. experience had ple who've

other makes are changing to Gas eleven thousand tons, ninetytwo feet

Refrigeration to get its exclusive adthick, high, fortyfive forty that windbreaks wide, and found been has IT vantages. its river into the across increasing in was toppled influence marked a have

"No Moving Parts"means: both the size and quality of fruit propermanent place by a properly placed

Permanent Silence duced by wellprotected orange trees. dynamite charge of a thousand pounds.

Continued Low Operating Cost Freedom From Wear Savings That Pay For It Come in and see the netc TELEFACT 1941 models U. S. EXPORTS TO LATIN AMERICA

972 MILLION DOLLARS

$? 8 8 $ 8 &?@R 193839

EASY TERMS

193940 MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY 789 Salt Lake—Ogrden—Provo SCIENCE SERVICEPICTOGRAPH CORPORATION 3-19

Serving 23 Utah Communities (You'll be "ON TOP OF THE JOB // with McCormickDeering mmm HAY MACHINES

m

im tm

>-:-::>:'.:::::;:::;''.:-::::>::''.:-::;.'..v-x:;:::;x:-:-:y:;:x:-:::::::::;::::::::-m

u8 liMtMi

Choose from the reliable McCormickDeering Hay Machine line this year for a quick, clean job. It's complete in every respect, whether you

put hay away in mow or stack, chop it green for the silo, or bale it from the windrow.

There are mowers for practically any size and make of tractor, and a new Zerolgear Horse -Drawn Mower. You have a choice of two

pickup balers, besides a complete list of dump rakes, tedders, sidedelivery rakes, sweep rakes, loaders, green crop loaders, hay chopstackers, pers, *v,o and hay presses. NEW McCormickMower

t Ho-,Dr-w"See dealer for information on any hay your McCormickDeering precision "DeeringCn"No.

machine, or write us for descriptive catalog.

International Harvester Company 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago, Illinois back of the axle.

The NEW McCormickDeering No. 15 Pickup Baler means

highquality hay production, with a minimum of labor and equipment, for the average diversified farm. Valuable

food elements are retained in windrow baling, as leaf loss is greatly reduced.

The No. 15 bales from 1 to 2 tons an hour. Our catalog

on baling hay and combined straw will tell you all about it. Drop us a post card; we'll be glad to send you full

information.

McCORMICKDEERING HAY MACHINES

I. A. M. CHOIR THE THE TABERNACLE AND EC '40LET Present IB USEDVHO'39 AND MODELS WT) in Music and Drama T A

small Sold on margin NEWHANDWHOLESALE.BOUGHTto you and retail dealers. MENDELSSOHN'S ORATORIO M/MJMEASY TERMS with the Brigham Young UniversitySymphony Orchestra

See Write or Phone 31-1 What You Want 8:15 p. m. Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday—April 2. 3, and 4

Wayside Farm General Admission 50c Reserved Seats $1.00

(Reg. at State Capitol) Farmington, Utah Tickets: Glen Brothers Music Co.. or from any Choir member

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

,. <?p3K

CONFERENCE

BROADCAST By Andrew M. Andersen

Thelikecolorsthose inof thewindsweptgreat audiencefields of blendwild flowers on brown hills. From the pulpit come the clearly spoken words of Richna/A a Muncdt ard Evans.

with broadcast the punctuate "Do not to speaking are he says. "We But on your car any halfway job Processed oil, the oilplating coughing,"

is a botch. stays plated up—every mile an uncounted multitude—to the far places

The engine's full of poison, reevery hour at the curb—or standof the earth."

overnight. That's why your it's full of ing as as long sleep. The member, as gentle descends, A reverie is protected engine oilplated of their colors the wringing oil. recedes, then, scratchy Winter in present Today

northern against the advance worst blighted by though as old vividness refill for drain Spring and... But their towards looking faces Intent frosts. starting as if your wear... much fair half yourself to be than more tanned. sun and bearded become speaker oil hadn't Processed even Germ

... engine it drained, your man. and Get stocky a stands the pulpit In quit circulating! anall refilled he reports,"OilPlated and gratifying are "There besides—

Paljust dedicated have all in the one at the the nounces. "We mere sun and Likewise, when same cost—in are missionaries hundred estine. A at high, speedometer minutes, swing Mileage both Your MerEurope."

isn't the oilplating chant's all thinning Conoco station. prophecy. ancient an quotes he Then

out It stays down. and drizzling shall be the kingdom of gospel this "And His patented Germ Processed

world."all plated the needless up against in wear. preached oil contains extra a manmade

real- a comes the sun that's edging the than half of And a cloud more Like this "energizer"oilbonds And these can mind. "How the to istic doubt oil battle for economy. parts to working as closeplating messengers The about? brought things be

ly as the plating on body parts. Change to Germ Processed oil are so pitifully few. Men are born into

can missionaries all the faster than world all can't that oilplates. drain oilplating Then Today! Contithe mountain a tiny is as though It them. reach nental use down. As long as you Oil Company Germ deserts all of the watering of dreams stream

on earth."But there is neither qualification nor uncertainty in the speaking of the prophecy.

Time marches across the years with a steady step. Color returns into the scene

below as if a few spring flowers have surSSSSSfS vived the frosts. Other men, one by one,

speak, and pulpit, sacred the behind OILPLATES YOUR ElNGINE 7 step their of Snatches eternity. into pass then 3 )Jf*

the to spaces the across come messages terraced balcony.

"We have missionaries in Japan. There

are a thousand missionaries in the world."

Like an antistrophe, there is always the refrain of the prophecy. -DELICIOUS—"And this gospel of the kingdom shall be

in all the world."TlaiiiAaL Chs&AJL preached grow larger. From The conferences

PIMENTO poplarshaded villages on the banks of the

AGED CHEDDAR Muddy, the Rio Virgin, the Snake, and

DUTCH LUNCH from other distant places come the Saints,

The are eternal. things that the seeking StarKist asare Authorities overflows. tabernacle

signed to address the meetings on the grounds outside. Then loud speakers carry

the messages from the tabernacle itself. Tuna "We have opened the South American

stake a established have "We 2 PACKED WAYS: Mission."TOP GRADE THE

have coast."Pacific the "We of Zion on GRATED or READY SOLID PACK FANCY field."the in missionaries thousand two

IN STARKIST'S MODERN SUNLIT PLANT {Concluded on page 230)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

BUY YOUR BEET TOOLS

THE RIGHT WAYTHE 3-T WAY

Here's a sugar beet cultivator that's easy to handle, makes real speed OLIVER SUPERIOR to operate.in is economical your fields and

biggest "little"tractor evership on the mounted It's Oliver.built—theAndnewit'sOlivermidNO. 9 BEET DRILL

60. Try this one out in your field,

pretoo. with No. 9 sows The

* the because it has Sujrg"'jy f. I % MlThis midship mounting is a real ieature. Your cultivator is right up in cision feed. perior force double run

uniform depth you are theiront doing. This see holds mounting you can what you where you you wish Itandgivescovering.

tools parallel to the in position depth ground. and matter what it No with can Ifequipped have ma dm 'nhi"I"r, wl

they're set, they'll follow the contour of the ground and every shovel Kellyfertilizeror Blackfootattachmentbootwithandthea enters the ground alike. famous Oliver finger feed.

this to It's yourself. to prove the the Talk, Think, Oliver way OLIVER NO. 44

all the things cultiTest tractor want you andHere'sformula—Think CULTIVATOR tovator of perBEET do on your you 'em want kind aboutfarm—how done—thea

formance you demand. Then, Talk to your neighbors and friends who Highly efficient, light in draft

own Oliver equipment and find out how it performs for them. Then, iverand easilyNo. 44operatedBeet Cultivator.is the OlTest. Make your own test of an Oliver 60 with a mounted four or sixFor cultivating four rows in

row beet cultivator in your own fields. Put them through the stiffest irrigatedrows carryingsectionswheelsor beddedcan be

paces you know how. Then you'll know why we say, "When You set on 38", 40"or 42"centers.

Think, Talk, Test—We Think You'll Find Oliver's Best."Fertilizertachment available.side dressing at-

.today for free demonstration and MAIL THIS COUPONFill in, clip and mail this coupon information.

MOUNTAIN STATES Mountain States Implement Co.

Ogden, Utah IE-4-41 IMPLEMENT CO. I want to test an Oliver 60 tractor on my place. Also

OGDEN, UTAH sendand Beetme freeCultivators.folders on the 60, Oliver Superior Beet Drills

> 12 CENTRALLY LOCATED BRANCHES Name;

Ogden, Utah Logan, Utah Shelley, Idaho Idaho Falls, Idaho Town State i

Rexburg, Idaho Rupert, Idaho Tremonton, Utah Murray, Utah

Preston, Idaho Blackfoot, Idaho Twin Falls, Idaho Buhl, Idaho RFD I farm acres.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

LOOKING BACK AT fijwuwL (hvuihkjoL By WILLIAM and DEWEY FARNSWORTHWARWITHOUT

Publishers of "Buried Empires of South America"and "Grandeurs of Ancient America."CASUALTIES

i ftV,'4

KABAH

The city of Kabah discloses a huge mound is ordirectlyplatformsouthof ofstone,the greatcontainingcity ofno Uxmalless thanin Yucatan.eight millionThe cubicfirst viewfeet

solid of stone cemented surmounted and splendid buildings by structure is the immense justice of temple containing many rooms,of astoundingsome of whichproportions.are so badlyOne

it ruined to is impossible their estimate number.

THE COLOSSAL HEAD OF HUEYAPA In the vicinity of Vera Cruz in the little village of Tres Zapotes, recent remarkable disskillfully from a large stone giant head, carved blackened of basalt from The FULLER Way! ablockcoveries have been made. One is in the form of which had become

Win the war on grime and dirt exposureat the neck,to therestingelements.on aThefoundationhead terminatesof unwithout backbreaking toil by armworked stones.

ARCH OF LABNA THE GREAT ing yourself with the magical (Below) of structures Central ruined The ancient contrast to present one great FULLER aids—cleaners, waxes, polAmerica modern

ishes, etc. And make your walls architecture,Mayas were ingreatlythe absencerestrictedof thein theirarch. archiThe

and furniture COLOR NEW with coveredtectural achievementsthe principal becauseof the truetheyarch.neverTheirdisFULLER Paints that last and FULLtempledivided wallsinto singlewere verychambersthick whichand high,werebeingexER Wallpapers that beautify. Visit traordinarilylength and height.narrow Perhapsin comparisontheir chiefto reasontheir

your local Fuller Paint Dealer and forwas constructingthat it permittedtheir buildingsthe erectionin thisof mannera verysee his spring array of tools, mateloftyeasily andspannedimposingby roofthe overlappingcomb, which ofcouldsinglebe rials and helpful suggestions. His stones.general rule,As thereso thereare appearsusually exceptionsto be in thetomatthe

store is at your service! His guartersituatedof thein archthe interioras in theof Yucatan,ruined citywhereof Labna,stands

antee of good value is the famous specimena celebratedof thisMayaprinciplearch. ofThisarchitecturalis a perfectdeFULLER name. velopmentwithstood andthe ravagesfor nearlyof athethousandelementsyearsandhasis

W. P. FULLER & CD. still in sound condition.

Salt Lake and Ogden PAINT WALLPAPER GLASS FULLR PAINTS

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

A Word of Caution Concerning the Grand Coulee Project, Washington By C. Orval Stott

Executive Secretary, Church Agricultural Advisory Committee

"Defore land is purchased under the

Grand Coulee Project in the State of Washington, our people are urged to find out for themselves the location, the quality of soil, and when irrigation water will be delivered. People should

know the facts and then act accordingly. It would be well for prospectivepurchasers to obtain information from W

the Church Agricultural Advisory Committee, 10 So. Main, Salt Lake iiCaterpillar

City, or write the Reclamation Service,

Washington, D. C, or Coulee Dam, The Easier, Quicker, Cheaper

Washington.

brief are paragraphs The following Way to More and Better Roads releases recent excerpts quoted from of the Department of Interior, Bureau of Reclamation: Road officials everywhere throughout

"I wish I could get the word to everythe nation frankly admit that "Caterpilirrigated that all the land which is to bebody is Project being lar"has gone a long way in stretching Basin Columbiaby the impartially appraised Government, by the taxpayers'dollars—producing more will these appraisals be made and that

available free to those who inquire. There and better roads... easier, quicker

certainly is no reason for anyone to be in a hurry to buy land in the area if he and cheaper.

intends to farm it by irrigation from the project, since canals the irrigation have not for Road officials in Utah and throughout begun as yet been be ready and cannot use in several years."... this territory deserve sincere thanks

"Although Grand Coulee Dam is nearing completion, the irrigation system must be from every taxpayer for their wisdom constructed before water can be made available to irrigate any of the land. At the rate in choosing "Caterpillar."

of construction planned, 50,000 acres will receive water in 1944, and thereafter from 50,000 to 70,000 acres or more will be added each year, until all of the 1,200,000 acresreceive water, which will probably take TRACTOR and about 25 years."... EQUIPMENT GO.

private irrigable land held in "All ownerin excessship of 40 Salt Lake City owner any one byirrigable acres (80 acres for husband and LANDESDistributor of "Caterpillar"Diesel Engines, TrackType Tractors, Road Machinery his wife) shall be designated as excess land, and as such shall not be entitled to receive water from said project, and no owner of such excess land shall receive water therefrom for any part of the lands owned by him if and so long as he shall refuse to sell any excess lands owned or held by him, under terms and conditions satisfactory to r atthe prices fixed of Interior Secretary and in the as There are many who suffer loss appraisals approved and made provided by the Act."... "The Bureau of Reclamation, in cooperaBe prudent

tion with 40 other agencies of the Federal,

State, and local Government, industries, Avert it by educational institutions, and civic organizations, has launched joint investigations INSURANCE to plan for the successful settlement and development of the Columbia Basin area.

Anyone interested can obtain additional inThis organization writes insurance always of the highest quality.

formation by writing to the Commissioner, ofBureau Reclamation, Washington, D. C,

the Supervising Engineer,or Bureau of UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

Reclamation, Coulee Washington."Dam,

are covered too numerous to.. HEBER I. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah "The fields

(Concluded on page 232) Vour rich voice vibrates echoes of the past;

In it we hear the chant of pioneers, JhlL

Legato notes of plodding oxen hoofs

And wagon wheels that turn back through the years. ORGAN

They take us to a grove of tall white pines With winged coloratures; where Boreas plays, SPEAKS

And draws his rhythmic notes from finestrung boughs

With deep crescendos in rich overtures.

Tn thundering notes we hear the bison hoofs

Of herds whose hides were boiled down for the glue,

And chiming scales of axes forming pipes,

And hum of saws as they assembled you. By EDNA

S. DUSTIN Cmall wonder your great chest expands with pride

And echoes that past caravan's refrain!

What other organ's voice has laced the earth

And made God's white pine forest live again?

Ihe EdiiorsTaqe

QhitiOMVL

IF A PERSON HAS A DESIRE TO FIND FAULT, HE CAN ALWAYS FIND SOMETHING TO FIND FAULT WITH.

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

call to mind that my first public speech in "You make your living here; you ought to help us."

Tooele, sixtyone years ago, lasted seven and They called on me for assistance in building the

I onehalf minutes, and I told everything I could Salt Lake Assembly Hall when I was living in think of in that seven and onehalf minutes and Tooele. So my income fell off and my donations

part of it I told twice. That night, as we were increased. I never made a dollar in Tooele during

going out of the meeting, I heard a man say: "Well, the two years I was president of that stake, and

it is a pity that if we have to have a boy preside my expenses were very much greater than they had over this stake of Zion, the Authorities of the been before. There was no allowance made to

Church could not find one with sense enough to talk stake presidents for expenses, and at that time the ten minutes."Church did not pay a dollar towards the cost of

When I heard that remark—I do not suppose erecting meeting houses; the people did it all themit was intended for my ears; or possibly the party selves. So there was one individual and one only

making it intended that I should hear it—it imwho> had any right to complain and that was your

pressed me this way: Here is a man who has come humble servant.

to meeting to find fault. If a person has a desire John Taylor, the president of the Church, and

to find fault with the organization of a stake or of both of his counselors, and Apostle Francis M.

a ward, or of anything else in the Church, he can Lyman were the Authorities that came out to Tooele always find something to find fault about. But to install me. I suppose they thought it needed an

if he has a desire to go to a meeting with the immense amount of authority to put in a young man intention of sustaining, upholding, and supporting as the president of that stake, and they were there whatever may be decided upon by the Authorities to do it.

of the Church, he will find something to cause him I took it for granted that the Lord wanted me to to'rejoice. go there or Brother Taylor would not have been

As an illustration on the other hand, I met a inspired to call me there. I did not want the job.

brother after that meeting who shook hands with me I often said to Brother Lyman: "I would be simply

and said: "Every particle of strength and all of delighted if they would call me on a mission for ten

the ability that I as an individual possess I pledge years, with the privilege after ten years of going to you. I realize what a great task it must be for back to Salt Lake to be born again, financially

you as a young man to be called upon to preside speaking, instead of being buried alive out here.

over an entire stake of Zion, and you can count on I can never get out of this job as long as I behave me for the very best that is in me."That is the myself. I am stuck here forever; I cannot afford

difference. to resign; I know the Gospel is true, and I will stick

We find about what we are looking for in life. with it."I did not see any way out of it except

As a matter of fact, if you stop to reflect, there was to act in such a way that they would put me out of only one living person who had any right to comthe position.

plain about my being made the president of that I had no doubt but that I could do my duty out stake, and that person was Heber J. Grant. I had in Tooele. I had no doubt, notwithstanding my

a very profitable business at the time, making me lack of ability, but that I could do my duty in the several thousand dollars a year, that I had to throw Church as one of the Apostles; and, notwithstandover my shoulder when I was made the president ing I felt it was beyond my capacity to be the Presiof the Tooele Stake of Zion. My income fell off dent of this Church, when, in the providences of the

nearly twothirds. Out of what was left, I had to Lord, that call came to me, I had no doubt that I

keep a team and hire a boy to take care of it, and would be given the power to discharge the responsito drive to Garfield Beach every week to meet me bilities that devolved upon me. I believed that unand take me back to my home in Tooele, and then less the Lord would give me the ability and the

I had to travel around the stake. power to accomplish the labors that came my way,

In addition, I had to pay donations in Tooele I never would have been made the President of the and in Salt Lake, because in Salt Lake they said, Church. (Concluded on page 255)

the first President of the Church as "The Prophet Joseph Smith,"or Using names "Joseph Smith, the Prophet."This

\\ // is permissible because of the great honor which was bestowed upon him and the great work which he ac- N VAIN complished under the hand of the

Lord and the fact that he long since

By JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH weredepartedhere, thishe wouldmortalbe life.happy Ifto behe

Of the Council of the Twelve and Chairman called, as he was by members of the of the Melchizedek Priesthood Committee Church in his day, "Brother Joseph."

This was not said in the spirit of familiarity but in the spirit of love 7V WORD TO STAKE PRESIDENTS, BISHOPS, AUXILIARY HEADS, respect. and

AND PRESIDING OFFICERS THROUGHOUT THE CHURCH In addressing a member of the

CONCERNING THE USE OF TITLES AND OFFICES IN THE PRIESTFirst Presidency it is perfectly

HOOD AND CONCERNING INTRODUCTIONS, COMMENTS ON proper to say, President Grant,

SPEAKERS, UNNECESSARY SUMMARIES OF WHAT SPEAKERS Clark, or McKay, and the same

HAVE SAID, AND "MULTIPLYING WORDS."designation should be applied to the

President of the Council of the the revelation on Priesthood fied to swear in the name of mortal Twelve Apostles. These brethren

INgiven March 28, 1835, the Lord men, but always in the name of will take no offense or consider it declared that there are "two Deity, which rebellion seems to be an act of disrespect if they should

Priesthoods, namely the Melchizin keeping with their wickedness. be called "Brother,"for it is also

edek and Aaronic, including the Even in the preaching of the Gosan honor to belong to the brotherLevitical Priesthood."The first, or pel the Elders of Israel should exerhood of the Church and in fellowgreater, is called the Melchizedek cise great care not to repeat these ship with the faithful members. The

Priesthood after the name of the sacred names too frequently and proper title by which the members righteous king of Salem because he needlessly when other terms of desof the Council of the Twelve Aposwas such a great High Priest. This ignation will suffice. There are octles and the First Council of Sevis done, the Lord declares, "out of casions when the use of these sacred enty may be called is that of "Elder."

respect or reverence to the name of names or titles may properly be used, This title may also be applied to the the Supreme Being, to avoid the and the Lord, Himself, has given us members of the Presiding Bishopric, too frequent repetition of his name."this privilege, for instance, in the although the title "Bishop"has been

From the very beginning of time, blessings of the Sacrament; but it is used from the beginning and may be

the sacred name of the Supreme well for those who address the conwithout offense, whether applied to

Being has been held in the greatest gregations of the people to use these the Presiding Bishopric or to other reverence and respect by the servholy names sparingly when other bishops in the Church.

ants of the Lord. We are informed expressions will suffice. The term In introducing one of the memthat the true pronunciation of His "Lord"whether applied to the Fabers of the Council of the Twelve

name by the Hebrews was lost, bether or the Son is permissible, and Apostles or of the First Council of cause they scrupulously avoided in speaking of the Son we may propSeventy, the brother conducting the mentioning it, substituting in its erly refer to Him as our Savior or exercises in the meeting may say, stead "one or other of the words Redeemer and not always by the Elder, or Brother, with whose proper vowelpoints it familiar use of His name. of the Council of the Twelve Aposmay happen to be written."One Reverence should also be given to tles, or of the First Council of the

of the commandments of the decaother sacred titles or names. FreSeventy.

logue is: "Thou shalt not take the quently we hear the brethren of the The presiding officer in a meetname of the Lord thy God in vain; General Authorities addressed on ing when introducing a speaker, esfor the Lord will not hold him guiltthe street and in private conversapecially one of the General Authorless that taketh his name in vain."tions as well as in public by their ities of the Church, should not inThis commandment He repeated fretitles or the offices which they hold dulge in flattering remarks or make a

quently through His servants the in the Priesthood. This should be long eulogy. What may be said

Prophets and it is further written in avoided except at the time and should be brief; if there is occasion

the commandments given to Moses, place when such usage would be to make a remark better to identify "He that blasphemeth the name of proper. For example it is not the the speaker it should be given as a

the Lord, he shall surely be put to best form to refer to a member of matter of explanation or identificadeath."the Quorum of the Twelve as "Apostion without any word that may

There is nothing that should be tle,"either in speaking of cause embarrassment to the person held in more sacred reverence and him or to him. The Lord has given so introduced. It has happened at

respect than the name of the Suus the general designation of times that the brother conducting preme Being and the name of His "Elder"which may be applied to the exercises when giving an introbeloved Son, our Redeemer. Satan any man holding the Melchizedek duction has taken a good part of the

puts it into the hearts of men to Priesthood, and no matter what oftime allotted to the speaker. This

blaspheme the name of the Lord, and fice a man may hold, it is an honor is a fault frequently indulged in by the more vulgar and obscene a man for him to be so designated and adinexperienced presiding officers.

becomes the greater is his tendency dressed. Brief introductions will be appreto violate this sacred commandment. ciated by the brethren and very brief

It seems a strange thing that charTt has become customary through comments, if any are necessary, at acters of this kind are never satislong established usage to refer to the close of their remarks.

RETURN By CHRISTIE LUND COLES

.Lap,APA was home! As I come after me to go on potato friesstood in thePstuffy parlor that had or bobsleigh parties—and I couldn't

hardly been opened since he left, go.

with its red plush sofa, newly dusted organ, and high bookcases, my very J. he second year was the

blood seemed waiting and my heart hardest. Most of our food was

hit like unkind knuckles against my gone. There was no money to buy

ribs.scrawny more. only what had we could We Seeing in him again, the last two raise the that Often, garden.

years seemed like a dream. It second summer, when I was out in

seemed only yesterday that he had the pasture with the cows, I would stood here to say goodbye. The air eat the tall, green alfalfa to fill up

had had the same weighted stillness, the emptiness in me. I would lie

a sort of breathlessness such as a down in it, loathe to go home to the roomthere—ahas stillnesswhen thepunctuateddead are lyingonly meagereyes of meal,Jimmieto theandquestion'Mandain andthe

by the latesummer drone of bees Emeline, who couldn't quite underand the quick chirp of birds. stand. You couldn't explain misolder myself more I and I had felt STRAIGHT STOOD tithing sions to them. and TELLING BECAUSE VERYI WAS eithercontrolled than he or my moth- I TOO THAT WAS MYSELF eggs and milk had to be sold The

er as they said goodbye. He had BIG TO CRY. and the money sent to Papa or paid

asked us not to cry; yet his own in tithing. For, as Mama said, we

mouth had quivered behind his soft, I was only eleven. I did not know had a roof over our heads and someblack beard, and Mother had wept that Mama was expecting her thing to eat, but Papa had nothing

openly on his shoulder. The other seventh child; I did not know how which he did not have to buy; and

they idea of were no why long nor two years Utah town, how not it not for thepies—withchildren had whined like small pupfar Denmark was from this small none of us would have anything even life—were alone, not wept.whining. I, had be; I did hard not could know how of the Lord. goodness

Papa had taken me into the small money had been to get even when Still, many a night as I lay on the off the kitchengreen summerhouse I working. only he home was tick knew straw bed, which I wonwas-my toearlier explained in the day and privilege that a honor and an I it was things. dered about wondered

me that every Mormon man hoped to for him to go... and that I was to what Papa was doing. He was so

fill a mission for his Church, hoped be the man now. handsome and so smart. Maybe he

to go out into the world and make The autumn after he left was had met a king or a queen. Maybe

converts no matter what personal golden and sweet. The air was he was eating in a palace. Then,

sacrifices he was called to make. He spicy. There were apples from the I visioned all the good things we

was to go without "purse or scrip"trees beside the shed, potatoes in had had to eat before; big platters

and the Lord would provide, would the pit, homecured pork in the celof steaming poise, homecured ham, open the way for him and for those lar. thick slices of headcheese, milk,

at home. He concluded by telling It was fun to bring the cows from warm as it came from the cows or

me that since I was the oldest child the pasture through the long lane of cool and covered with cream after at home my responsibility would be poplars that were shedding their it had stood in the vinecovered wingreat. I must help Mama care for gold on all sides of me, to feel the dow of the rock pantry. There was

the smaller children, must take a cool sand between my bare toes, to no milk now.

man's place in caring for the three go home and see the lamp lighted in But all in all, I didn't really mind cows, the chickens, the garden, and the kitchen, the long oilcloth-covso much. It wasn't as if I hadn't

the chores. He said, patting my ered table set, the children laughing known Papa was coming home and

head from his impressive height, and scampering about the huge was going to reward me for the long "You be a good boy, Neils, and I cookstove. hours I had weeded in the sun, gathwill give you half a dollar when I Responsibility rested lightly on ered eggs, and pastured the cows,

come home."me at first, but when winter came milked, cleaned the barn, helped in

The most I had ever had at one and John was born and I had the the house, yes, and even gone out time was a nickel. Fifty cents was care of the others and most of the and helped a neighbor thin beets or

all the money in the world. No cooking—although Eliza who was pick fruit to earn a little to givewonder I could not weep. nine could help quite a little—I beMama.

Yes, the full significance of the gan to know what it meant. I unNow, Papa was home! Everyparting had escaped me. After all, derstood more, when the boys would (Continued on page 245)

?0)iv lOsdL (Do 3bali&Jidcu SahiiA.

has sometimes been intimatedItthat Mormons fail to pay their PAY THEIR business obligations because they first pay their tithing and support missionaries, leaving little or nothingwith which to liquidate their loans. OBLIGATIONS?

To ascertain if this were correct, a survey was made of a complete list of all Arizona, County, Graham borBy SPENCER KIMBALL institupublic lendingrowers from a tution. There were 1 62 loans in all President of Mount Graham Stake

which were classified into three groups: loans current, loans delinquent less than one year, and loans

delinquent over one year.

Graham County has the larger nontithepayers'families of 4.5 for welfare, maintenance, fast offerpart of two stakes; namely, the St. show a reversal in delinquency of ings, and other Church donations.

Joseph and Mt. Graham. President 27% as compared with 25% for the But, after all this, still to show a

Jesse A. Udall of the former stake, nontithepayers, but it is noteworthy better farm loan paying record in

and the writer, representing the latter that the 33 tithepayers in this case spite of those heavy drains is truly stake, secured from the bishops the are supporting 3 missionaries as a remarkable vindication of the data as to missionary support, tithcompared to the support of one by promises of the Lord. It is signifiing record and size of families of the 57 nontithepayers and are makcant that the degree of loyalty and

the borrowers. ing a contribution toward support of faithfulness to Church requirements

The analysis of the information the Church. seems to measure faithfulness in

obtained tells an interesting story. debtpaying. The parttithepayer

a better general record than through, commakes pOLLOWiNG we now loans, 162 120 were membersOf the the nontithepayer, turn he in and full tithepare the part and the not or the 42 wereand members

Mormon Church. The 120 Latterpayers: It is gratifying to note the makes a better record than the nonday Saints with an average of 4.99 results of this comparison. The member.

members in the family were supportfaithful, fulltithepayer with a It is hoped that all Latterday ing 12 missionaries and more than family of 5.75 supports 8 of the 12 Saints will refrain from going into

half of them were paying tithing; missionaries and has the lowest dedebt, especially for luxuries, and that

whereas the nonMormons with an linquency, 17%, as compared to they will seek to improve their recaverage family of 4.5 members were 27% for the part tithepayer with a ord in paying their obligations, being

supporting no missionaries and paid smaller family and supporting fewer sure that their "word is as good as no tithing. The L. D. S. group missionaries. their bond"and that no obligation is

showed a delinquency of 23% as To summarize, we tabulated all allowed to remain unpaid beyond the compared with 29% for the nongroups together: due date.

members.

first the proved Having accusation letuntrue, us see the how payment u p>> <U I- O

"> tithing,of size of families, and the & St-, wG 'aoxn xn<\t 1 WD.—to (J3 -G >-. ofsupport missionaries within the E3 1O o O o o J5ranks of the Church compare: SixJU 3*5 TOa

tythree tithepayers with 5.43 memNo. % No. % No. % No. %

bers to the family are supporting 1 Full Tithepayers 25 83 3 10 2 7 5 17 30 8 5.75 30

of the 12 missionaries and have a Part Tithepayers 24 73 5 15 4 12 9 27 33 3 5.17 33

delinquency of only 22% as comNon-Tithepayers 43 75 10 18 4 7 14 25 1 4.5 57

pared with 4.5 members per family Total L. D. S. 92 77 18 15 10 8 28 23 63 12 4.99 120

among the nontithpayers. The TotalNonMormonsor Averaae 12230 7175 257 1715 155 129 4012 2925 63 12 4.54.75 16242

latter group of 57 are supporting only 1 of the 12 missionaries, are paying no tithing, and have a deIt is a joy and satisfaction to see Editor's Note: A similar surveylinquency of 25%—3% more than the results shown in the above chart. with comparable results was made

the tithepayers. Remember, it is no insignificant venfor Utah and Cache counties and

to in these times ture to endeavor nontithe- the Next we compare published in the Era in February, people, of 5.75 large family a support contributepayers with those who

some, the group we sometimes call then to take from the family income 1939, page 72, under the title "Does parttithepayers: Here the general from $250.00 to 500.00 a year to keep the Payment of Tithing Cause Ecotrend is slightly changed in one par- a missionary in the field, then to nomic Distress?"( Evidences and

ticular. The parttithepayers with pay ten per cent of the family income Reconciliations No. 7, by John A.

families of 5.16 compared with the for tithing and additional amounts Widtsoe.

(pjprf&L dfockw&lL Omul

Chapter VII. Pen Portraits.

figure striking. His was of very the By strongly made; very middle height, andDorter Rockwell was widelyset shoulders, and the across little rebroad only was but known, NICHOLAS VAN ALFEN of legs. His arm the was squarely on conhis contemporariescorded by barrel, his girth, chest large round as a Ogden Seminary upPorter impressionscerning made as a powerful as looked and his hand

on them. That which was recorded grizzly bear's. His face was of the

at any length was done by visiting mastiff type, and its expression, fidelity, ture welded to a mind of very narrow people not of the Mormon religion. fearlessness, ferocity. A man with his perceptions, intense convictions, and

It is from these nonMormon sources massive lower jaw, firm mouth and changeless tenacity. In. his build he

that the following quotations are goodhumored but steady and searching was a gladiator; in his humor, a Yankee

taken. It is amusing to note Porter's eyes of steelblue, if his fanaticism lumberman; in his memory, a Bourbon;

humorous reactions toward these takes the Mormon form, must infallibly in his vengeance, an Indian. A strange

OrganiRockwell. like Porter Ameron the found to be mixture, only become their strainingGentiles, were who combine circumstances continent. zation to ican and deof the traces to seesenses angel. of destroying of the Fourth such a the forenoon "In man any make

in Regardless him. angelstroying infelt vivid invite hotel to the called at most our Porter always Having July,

of the personal favorable impression terest in supernatural characters of that us to take a drive with him. -.,

Porter made, Ludlow cannot shake species, I was familiar with most of "Porter in his desire to do the hoshis preconceived notions that Rockthem from the Biblical example of those pitalities of the occasion in the most well was the destroyer his enemies who smote Egypt, Sodom, and Sengraceful manner, proposed to mount claimed him to be: nacherib, to the more modern Arab, the box, and take the reins himself....

Azreal, and that famous one who de- "He was rough, but kind and con- "During our stay at Townsend's, we scended, all whitebearded and in shinciliatory, in everything he said, and were one morning sitting on the vering raiment from the Fudges'Cave, to sometimes very amusing. A descripanda, when our landlord, a portly, lead the van of Quinnipiack's forlorn tion he gave, accompanied by pantokindly man, brought up a friend of his hope and smite the redskinned Philmime, of the way he had seen a Goshute

to introduce to us. It was Porter Rockistines. Out of this mass of conflicting family sitting in a circle on their

well, the Destroying Angel and chief and particular angels I had abstracted haunches when the grasshoppers were of the Danites. Apart from his cause, an ideal and general angel; but when I plenty, using their palms as scoops and

I felt an abstract interest in this old suddenly came on a real one in Porputting the insects into their mouths fighter, and was glad to become acter Rockwell, I was surprised at his with a windlass motion as fast as their quainted with him. He welcomed us unlikeness to my thought. His hair hands could fly, was irresistibly laughvery cordially to Utah, and told us we black and iron grey in streaks, was able. It seemed strange to be riding

ought to stay: our only bad taste was gathered into a cue, just behind the in the carriage and by the side of a man,

exhibited in merely going through. We apex of the skull, and twisted into a who, if universal report among the

could not avoid telling him, with a hard round bunch.... He was obligGentiles were correct, would not hesismile, that Utah had a reputation for ing in his manners; placable, jocose, tate to cut my throat at the Church's

stopping people who showed such never extravagant when he conversed, orders. It was like an Assyrian taking

taste, to take a permanent residence. save in burlesque. If he had been conan airing in the chariot of the angel of

He answered goodnaturedly that he verted to Methodism in its early times, death. I was not likely to become obhad heard the rumor, and intended so instead of Mormonism, he might have noxious to the Church: I certainly

far to verify it that he should halt us been a second Peter Cartwright, did not mean to be if I could help it.

on our way past his door, when we preaching and pummeling his enemies Knowing I had been very careful along started to cross the desert, put our into the Kingdom instead of shooting the way from Missouri never to exhorses in his own stable, carry us to them to Kingdom come. No one igpress myself before anybody who might

his table, and inflict on us the penalty norant of his career would take him on be a Mormon spy, I felt pretty tranquil of a real Mormon dinner—after which sight for a man of bad disposition in upon the subject of any change in

(if our horses had got through their any sense. But he was the most terPorter Rockwell from his present agreefeed) we should be let off with an adrible instrument which can be handled Continued on page 230)

monition never to try to pass his door by fanaticism; a powerful physical naif we came that way again. 'Bless yer AN EARLY SALT LAKE CITY SCENE

soul, but we're savage!'said Porter

Rockwell. 'Once drew a sassige on a

Yankee Gentile myself—crammed it

right down his throat with scalding hot gravy and pancakes. We Mormons

torture 'em awful. The Gentile I drew

the sassige on bore it like a man, and is livin'yet. Well, I'll soon see ye

again.'So he shook hands with us,

jumped on his mustang, and ambled away as gently as if, instead of being a destroying angel, he were a colporteur of peace tracts, or a peddler of Winslow's Soothing Syrup.

"He kept his word to us, seeing us soon and frequently. Next to Brigham

Young he was the most interesting man and problem that I encountered in Utah.

His personal appearance in itself was

FRUITS r e shall know them by their Therefore whosoever heareth these say-

I will liken them, of doeth mine, ings and fruits. gather men Do built his house OF which a wise man, unto him

thorns, figs of or grapes of descended, the rain and a rock: upon Andthistles?"Y Each tree produces its the floods came, and the winds blew, and

own kind. What fruits may one beat upon the house, and it fell not: for it

rock. everyone a founded upon was And if in to pick a treehope one plants

of mine, these heareth sayings and who RELIGIOUS religion? questhe of garden This shall a unto them not, doeth be likened

tion demands an answer for all those foolish man, which built his house upon the who would judge religion by its sand: And the rain descended, and the

floods blew, came, and the and beat windsearthly harvest. LIVING it fell, house; and great and upon that A short time ago a Gleaner Girl the fall of it. (Matthew 7:2427.) was

made this confession: IN All those who base their lives on

Two months ago I had faith; I was happy the teachings of Jesus build their

in just religion. Everything seemed my a rock. upon do Those who ill house toright father me. became Then my not, build their sand. house upon the several died, leaving motherand and mysmall children. We had prayed for him; THIS LIFE Note this, that both houses receive

we needed him, but he went. And now, the same punishment. The rain delife.something out of I have has gone my floods scends, come, winds blow, and

thatlost the strong testimony mine. was BY houses. both and beat upon The

A young man recently made this difference is that one withstands thestatement: DR. LOWELL BENNION onslaught, the other does not.

My father has worked all his life for the Director, L. D. S. Institute, The Master said to His beloved

Church. He is as honest as any man who Salt Lake City disciples: "I send ye forth as sheep

ever lived. In fact, he is too honest. Men among wolves."And they found

takenhave of him. advantage During the out that His words were true as they

the little bit that yearslast few he has lost he did have. I can't see where his religion death because of their faithfulness to laid down their lives for Him. To

has helped him any. the Cross. John Huss, Savonarola, Ananias, who objected to the bapthe tism of of Saul Tarsus, word lives their lost their type of and men all people meet of with ages is a for thy We way: he came—"Go truth. religious The in of defense various experiences...and have who / vessel me. chosen unto For Puritans the in France, Huguenots disillusioned religion. aboutbecome will he things great show him what over world the in the England, Jews Pioneers, are sons of themAmong sake."name's must suffer for my religious of because suffered haveconverts old country, the from young living inreligious not does No, conviction. inpeople the reared been have who all tragic us experiagainst sure forget should Saint Latterday Noorganizations of the life. in die people Religious ences Church—good, cost has lives that the Mormonismsincere feel that else. like individuals—who everyone become They the history of the MorIn date. to relithatthey deceived, have been in their of accidents involved not alendured have Church, men mon it is is be.gion not to purported what fault. volition Sometimes or own and persecution of form every most lies difficulty in the sometimesThe suffer carefree that the things they elements the that and privation manfact religion that misreprehas been escape. experiSmith impose. can Joseph to leadingsented them, to exthem religion spare from does one But

life death, in this and both encedpect religious the thing from wrong suffering. the keeping of much The it his in to expression fervid givingliving.

its fullest in of sense Wisdom Word of 121 in section recorded prayer stories related two above The fit will physically to help keep one Covenants. the Doctrine andrepresent the mismost two common resist disease better able to and and

conceptions of the fruits of religious Religion literally leads men to physical and mental strain. In

living. The first is that religion will places where sorrow, suffering, and prayer, faith, and administrations to

save man from all suffering, sorrow, difficulties abound. Jesus came to the sick, religion offers one unique

and disappointment in life. Relishare the burden of the sinner, to aid to health.

gion, thus conceived, is a guardian minister unto the sick and afflicted, Most of the suffering and sorrow angel who steers life's ship over to comfort those who mourn, which man experiences is not physical, but smooth seas. But religious history means in effect to share the burdens mental and spiritual. It is here that

and teachings prove that life is not of life, and He said unto His disreligion makes perhaps its finest conthat, and that religion makes no such ciples, "Go thou and do likewise"tribution. The enemies of good

promise.,.. "Feed my sheep."mental health are based largely on

The book of Job has as a moral The religious life is not a fairy- a wrong conception of the place of that man should not deny God even land existence which promises esself in the world. The religion of

though he suffer loss of family, of cape from the realities of life, but Jesus gives man the true conception property, and is sorely afflicted. rather a life that shares responsiof self in relation to other selves.

One hundred thousand Jews died in bilities in the most vital of life's The religious man is spared the lifedefense of things sacred to them as process. It is not a flight from the destroying attitudes of envy and

Syrians and Romans desecrated world either in thought or deed. jealousy which result from selfishtheir sanctuaries. Early Christians Jesus makes this clear in His serness; the hatred and licentiousness

suffered repeated persecutions unto mon on the Mount: which follow from a want of sym208

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

pathy and reverence for life; and the of great magnitude, to struggle with... behold, it will begin to swell within

breasts; feel swellthese your and you whenfear, worry, the and anxiety of hardships physical which the Rocky

will to within motions, begin say ye its ignorance,spring rewrong-doing, from country and more Mountain is a this that needs must be ingyourselves—It perspective, of proper a lack strictedand types endeavor is of economic for that the seed, or good, good word

compared with the East, the Pacific it beginneth to enlarge my soul; yea, it beginneth yea, to enlighten illusmy understanding, second misconceptionHPhe regions. Coast, the Great Lakes and

it beginneth unto me. to be delicious the trated statement of by the important than Motives mamore

young man is that religious living terial interests led Brigham Young to Then comparing the religious life will make one prosperous. There is develop agriculture rather than minwith a tree, Alma writes

justification and evidence for this ing in the West, resulting in the acif will the nourish yea, But word, ye It is belief held of view.point a by the of quisition greatest sources of the

to tree nourish the as it beginneth grow, by of peoples,Hebrews, Book Mormon Then, here wealth nonMormons. by faith diligence, great with with your and

the Puritans, and Latterday Saints. too, much of the wealth produced by patience, looking forward to the fruit thereHistory has vindicated this belief the Latterday Saints goes into ecoof, it shall take root; and behold it shall

tree a springing everlasting be unto upin certain religious groups. Book nonproductive nomically speaking

.. life. behold, pluck ye shall by and by testiof history repeatedly Mormon as missionary channels such is work, the fruit thereof, precious, most which

fies to the prosperity that followed temple work, the erection and mainwhich is sweet above all that is sweet, and righteous living. The followers of tenance of beautiful houses of worwhich is white above all that is white, yea,

all that shall pure is pure; above and ye particularly Calvin, the PurJohn ship, recreation halls, charity, and andfeast until this fruit filled, are upon even yeitans England, of Holland, and religious education. that thirst. not, shall neither hunger ye ye

America, who were the preeminent There are a dozen better reasons creators of our modern industrial for paying tithing than the hope of II Peter 1:5-8 reads:

order, greatly were inspired by in blessings rematerial return—the all diligence, faith Giving add to your

beliefsligious and practices. The trade a spirit of making with the virtue; to to and virtue knowledge; and

Jains and Parsis, two small sects of Lord. Love of God, a sense of sharknowledge temperance, and to temperance

India, are the most prosperous of the ing in His work and purposes, loypatience; and to patience godliness; and

to to godliness kindness; brotherly andnative people Their of India. proslove of service alty Church, to His

if brotherly charity. kindness, these Forperity is in large attributed measure the of giving, fellow the love men, to things in you, be abound, they and make

to their religious way of life. The joy of practicing unselfishness are you that ye shall neither be barren nor unreligious influence on the economic more noble and more blessed. fruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus

status of Latterday Saints is apYes, religion reaches down and Christ.

parent from the earliest beginnings permeates our material wellbeing, Paul enumerates the fruits of reliof their history. and indirectly leads to happiness and gion in Galatians 5:2223:

The Gospel of Jesus Christ does success in this important phase of and should produce prosperity life. Yet, let it be remembered that But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy,

in two ways: First, by developthe Lord "maketh his sun to rise on peace,faith, meekness,long suffering,temperance;gentleness,againstgoodness,such

ingvirtues—industry,the wellnamedhonesty,economicintegtheeth rainevil andon theon justthe good,and theandunjust."sendthere is no law.

rity, punctuality, thrift, and fruLet no one measure the fruits of reAmong the most delicious fruits of gality. These inevitably lead to ligious living primarily in dollars. religious living are things spiritual,

financial success, other things beIt is not fair to the purposes of reas these writings testify. They relate

ing equal. Second, a religious philligion. to the mental and moral life of man;

osophy of life gives good direction and where is life with its possibilities to one's expenditures. Earnings either joy or misery, if not in the beautiful and of the most one of are IN educationalinvested in the home, mind? in chapters sacred literpregnant

and cultural advantages for children, ature { Alma 32 ) Alma pleads with Religion, like music, opens up a physical, mental, and social health, his people to plant the seed of faith new world to man. The truly reliand are not dissipated in channels with this promise: gious person becomes identified with

that are destructive of or indifferent law. He learns to thrill in the satisto man's truest needs. faction that comes from freely living

will But people be disappointed religion think that it guarif they in TRUTH inloveharmonyfellow men,with toGod'shold lifelaws.in revTo

antees one a rich share in the maBy Artha V. Nilson erence, is no more a duty, but a pasterial goods of the earth, that one of truth of life, winging its way unseen sion that needs to be satisfied. Andthe chief functions of religion is to A Through man's celestial realm, burst such a man, hungering and thirsting

make people wealthy. The fruits into song: after righteousness, will surely be

of religion cannot be measured in Its haunting melody stirred a dream filled.

material terms. History records the OfWithinuntoldthebeautyartist'sthatbreast.had slumberedThe dreamlongreReligion will not preserve man

ironical paradox that even when revived, from all sorrow and suffering, nor ligion led to prosperity, this, in turn, Grew to a flame to guide the sculptor's necessarily make him prosperous, hand; it religious to the precioustended undermine but does

slowly stone he from the unyielding spirit. fruits love, joy, Puritan of the This of and And was true carved

It is history. also evidenced thatNephite meaningful a and of art, serenely grand. promisespirit—peace,himlife. theAnd masterpiece His

in lives individuals. the promise holds for today, as well as of many

It certainly not for tomorrow. was the primary AroundGuiding ustheeverysouls dayof menarewhotruthsheedof theirlife, call

purpose of God to make the LatterIn paths of harmony, away from strife It is also clear from the context day Saints prosperous when He diAnd doubt. Therefore, oh man, this day of these writings that these fruits of

all and torected fertile lands ento leave the the spirit tasted them are be and days, to Truth and Love attune your

Illinois, life potential in this eternwell as in as comYour joyed andof Ohio heart mercial and manufacturing centers If you would carve your masterpiece of art. ity.

IOCHEMISTRY AND ALCOHOLIC RECREATION By ROBERT R. AUSTIN, Ph.D. 'I 'he author, president of the Chicago Stake Mission, is a research

gradually as the amount of alcohol, chemist, who in writing this article anesthetic, or agents produced in the had access to the extensive file of Dr.

body itself increases in the blood Herman Heise, international authorstream. In all cases, the behavior of ity on the determination of alcohol

the individual becomes steadily less in body fluids.

rational, passing through states of exhilaration, distortion of speech, loss of muscular coordination, hysteria, moroseness, combativeness, or cohol or other anesthetics by stabiltearfulness and on into drowsiness, izing the fluids of the nervous syssleep, unconsciousness, and finally tem, will also restore the sanity of anesthesia. Since the messages of patients suffering from some types

the nervous system have been identiof insanity. Thus insanity, alcoholic

fied as electrical impulses, reactions intoxication, and anesthesia are esmust take place which destroy the sentially the same physiologically;

stability of the fluids and fibers of that is, the same instability of the the nervous system, thus disturbing nervous system is present in all three or destroying their electrical conducconditions.

tivity. 2. Alcohol, ether, and other anesHow does this chemical and clinthetics were tested in the laboratory ical research answer the question:

and found to coagulate the fluids of What is the nature of alcoholic recreation? in system the nervous a way that studies alcoholism, ofRECENT befor the observed account anesthesia, insanity, have would and

emphasized some interesting havior. Nerve fibers of experimental Alcohol taken into the body

similarities in these three conditions. animals have been observed2 during through the digestive tract or

These similarities are in the beadministration of alcohol to learn through the skin soon finds its way havior and the chemical nature of the that these fibers under the microinto all body fluids. In the spinal

nervous system of individuals taking scope swell, draw apart, and finally fluid it first sensitizes and then coagalcohol or anesthetics or suffering disintegrate as the amount of alcoulates the colloidal particles, at the from some forms of insanity and they hol in the blood is increased. The same time causing the nerve fibers

have stimulated the study of the efseparation of nerve fibers causes the to swell and draw apart, breaking at fect of alcohol and anesthetics upon obliteration of the thought patterns first the weaker thought patterns and the nervous system as a means of established in the brain; the amount finally completely destroying the

gaining a knowledge of the chemof alcohol necessary to erase an idea electrical conductivity of the nerve istry of insanity. depends upon the depth of the imfibers so that even the impulse of

The experimental data obtained in pression associated with the idea. pain cannot reach the brain. This

to habits reaching back childcondition is called anesthesia. Old Thisthis that of Bancroft field, notably1 difficult dispel; to are most hood the means that recently formed to are importantand Richter, an understanding of the action of alcohol, hence the childish behavior during habits of mature thought are the first

because the work is centered upon intoxication. The loss of rational to be obliterated from the mind.

the nervous system. Most alcohol behavior during alcoholic intoxicaThus conversation after a cocktail

is consumed because of its action tion has been shown by accurate can be accepted as witty without upon the nervous system. The work, chemical analysis of blood, urine, meeting the demands of mature ratherefore, offers some interesting saliva, and spinal fluid to be ditional thought. Likewise, the reand reliable answers to the question: rectly proportional to the concenstraints which are a dominant part

What is the true part played by altration of alcohol in the body fluids."of culture and refinement soon discohol in recreation? 3. Chemical compounds such as appear, and conversation as well as

First let us consider the facts essodium amitol, which have been behavior becomes what is politely tablished by experimental study: found to counteract the effect of alcalled "more daring."Moderate

alcoholic recreation is actually mild 1. intoxicaalcoholic A state of

anesthesia insanor mild voluntarytion, anesthesia, insanity or develops Neurology,Dr. Carl V.Caskey64. Speidel, Journal Comparative

Report, Committee Heise, "1938 3Dr. H. H. on ity; it is the temporary elimination

Council, for Intoxicants,"National Safety iBancroft and Richter, Journal of Physical ChemTests istry, Vol. 35, p. 215 (1931). Chicago, 111. (Continued on page 250)

Dear Editors:

AM enclosing a brief statement on

I the Jaredite Barges. I am, however,

fearful that my views may cause JAREDITE some controversy, for they are, judging from past experience, at variance with the views of some who have speculated on this subject.

To demonstrate my views, I have.BARGES built a working model, according to

my understanding of the Book of

Mormon description of them. I canthat the for one moment agree

to in any By A. L. ZOBELL, SR. notbarges were way related

a submarine, for if we allow that their submerging was anything but a passing burial in a huge wave, then we must be prepared to answer other questions: "Where did they get

their power to drive them through the depths of the sea to the promised land, and where did they get their power to submerge and emerge?"

My model barge is easily carried under my arm. It is thirty inches

long, twelve inches deep, and twelve inches wide. It has been demonstrated

some forty times in various organizations of the Church and has been very well received.

Your brother, A. L. Zobell,

OPEN VIEW OF ZOBELL Salt Lake City, Utah.

MODEL OF JAREDITE BARGE THEtransportJaredite describedmethod of in oceanthe

Book of Mormon has been variously referred to as a submarine, a hollowedout tree, and as a conical craft with a cylinder that revolved as the boat rolled on its journey to

America. However, if we accept the

account recorded in Ether 2:16, 17,

and Moroni's subsequent notations (Ch. 6) wherein these vessels are

described as barges, we must agree that their mode of transportation was in flatbottomed surface craft.

text JAREDITE OF ZOBELL these concerning MODEL The tight. barges ly to acneed no We have TOP COVERING BARGE WITH inreads substance: Brother The tree the for cept idea"the "one

of Jared built barges after a manner builders of these barges undoubtedly they had built before; that is, vessels understood shipbuilding, being conTThe barges were of necessity tight,

they had used to transport them over temporary with their grandfather, for they were to be buried "in "many waters"en route to the "great Noah. They had seen his ark and the depths of the sea,"and so a desea."They were built according to had lived on the seashore many vice was provided whereby air could

the instructions of the Lord, and years where much shipping was enter to supply the inmates. The

were invulnerable against both air done. They knew about boat contop hole supplied the answer to this

and water. Being tight "like a struction long before they received emergency. The Lord's command:

dish"and peaked at both ends, they the final command. Many tree "And also in the bottom."What?

held water both in and out and were lengths, fashioned into planks, fast- A hole in the bottom of a boat! "For

light, compared to the "lightness of ened to the top, sides, and bottom of what purpose?"ridicules the Rev.

a fowl upon the water"; their length the hull, were used for their construcAlexander Campbell as he queries:

was that of a tree and the door of tion. After the buildjng of these "To admit water?"

entry, when closed, made an absosmall, airtight barges, deficiencies This was seemingly rather a lutely tight vessel. were noted by the builder, who went peculiar order. Let us discuss the

When Moroni was given, through to the Lord and complained: question in this manner: After the

it is seen that waterthe interpreters, a view of the barges, O Lord, I have made the barges accordhole is madehe beheld eight light craft buoyantly ing as thou hast directed me;... in them will come into the boat. A tube is

upon the waves of the sea. Joseph there is no light... and also we shall built from the bottom to the top of

in breathe, for save cannot them we in theSmith have holes must both the barge, housing had same prosperish,it is air in is the (Ether 2:18them. whichpect, for interthe completely. he used have same a funnel Now we 19.)

preters. right through the boat. Water

If we were "to go to work and The Chief Architect then comcan come into the tube as high as the build a barge"after the above manded: water line of the vessel.

description, it would look much like alsoThouin theshaltbottom;make aandholewhenin thethoutop, shaltand The model of the barge we have

a barge of today, except being suffer for air thou shalt unstop the hole built has a stop hole both in front "peaked at both ends"and absoluteand receive air. (Ether 2:20.) (Concluded on page 252)

BRIDGING THE GAP |rom youth to manhood with, the Explorer Program. eagerWhilefor therecreation,ExplorerwhatScouthe likesis stillin

this field is likely to differ a great deal

By C. E. McCLELLAN ingfromexperiences.what he likedHein hismayearlierstill likeScoutto

Professor o/ Education, Utah hike, but the values and interests he

State Agricultural College finds in this activity have changed. He

still likes the movies, but the things he likes in them are different. Where beis story, likely quite as cowboy he nowO Nsaid:one occasion the Apostle Paul fore he thrilled at the twogun western

thrill story. love to get his the from

When I was a child, I spake as a child, Love interest in movies and in stories

I understood as a child, I thought as a child: has come to be an important characterbut when I became a man I put away childistic at this age. Dancing takes a promiish things. nent place in his list of desirable activities, where before it had little or no

The great Apostle did not mean by appeal for him.

this, I take it, that there is anything But one of the most significant wrong in being a child, or in speaking changes that comes over the boy of Exchild. only,or acting as meant a He is interest in plorer the age awakened man. emerging as an child, but a as not

I think, fact that the to us of remind activities. This vocational problems and is tell the Explorer that will us eye The children.children remain always not do arise for his partly from need may younger the than heavier taller and child the up; must becomes growThey for spending the necessity and money differences other are there Scout, but this tothe pertinent idea man. And it; it finding to earn a and may way that. boy than The important more tells milk while that usPaul elsewhere also, the recogcome, from awakening is larger, but that he only not knows is for the satisfactory a babes, food nition his part, will that on need he soon is important, and that feels more he he his a part of as needs meatgrown man his to the place take among men who ignored. to feelings not his be are

diet. so, a though have And, had we the are world's doing work. Whatearlier of period the with Compared functioning with Scout programBoy is desirinterest the reason, the ever a less selfreliant, is but he Scouting more fine results for to years have come we this interest one. able and Without the for respect less has submissive. He this for that a boys programknow was this attitude the chance man's young his for own. others of more opinion and in the later period childhood not but in his to or as succeed a home, own truth, prefers but the to wants know He for the boys. olderadequate is society, of greatly reduced. member it rather than himself for find out to periof only spoke Paul While two only the proExplorer should Not told. to be ods, recchildhood and manhood, we inspire the the with young gram men this at period interests of range His adolesof intervening ognize period an is that honorable labor dethought and increase rapidly, to wants he and widens cent period youth; important very a and it if sirable, possible should but help travel his and store by of knowledge by life is, all this of This space know. we reto that discover hobbies them may is experimentation. more awkward He refer of as years to sometimes a we sult in profession. acquiring trade or a is also in he his but more movements, is reality, In gap. course, there of no further to would go Nothing make that sensitive awkwardness, and to in the the development gap of boy. citizens useful of our and happy men is it. desirous of overcoming more He inright growing goes on up from He find to opporhelping boys, than them less in gang, interested the and more in either right to the fancy manhood, tunities for service useful yielding some in interested the His chum. crowd now or the whether way, wrong do way we acceptable compensation. attigirls well His boys. as includes as it fact not. this or anything about And

charthen, are the of These, some is likely sex the opposite toward tude for us: has important implication an

age, of Explorer of the boys change from one of indifference to acteristics if care, into other our some we slacken it is and needs. and their interest And interest. of alert one fluence steps in its part plays in the and

development of the boy. More or less suddenly at this period, these that must be kept in mind when

While the Apostle Paul recognized he becomes responsive to the convenmaking or carrying out any program the certainty of change and growth, he tional demands of society in matters of attempting to bridge the gap of these failed to give us much information as to dress, manners, customs, etc., and more critical years. The program must

how the gap from childhood to manor less concerned with the social, moral, recognize the older boys'stronger inhood was to be bridged. That is still and religious standards of the society dividualism and increasing selfesteem

our problem. Fortunately our presentin which he lives, though he is apt, oftenand selfconfidence; their greater desire

day knowledge of the nature of the times, to be very critical of these. He to find out things for themselves; their

boy during his adolescence and youth is prone to demand the rights of the man growing concern in vocational probis considerable, and this helps us in our while often willing to assume only the lems; and their awakened interest in

attempts to make an adequate program responsibilities of the child. He is the opposite sex.

for the older boy. We know that durlikely to be rather unstable emotionally, Also those who make and who ading the Explorer age the boy does unand also to be inconsistent in the posiminister the Explorer program have

dergo very significant changes anatomtions he takes from time to time. need to watch very carefully that they

ically, physiologically, and psychoThough more independent in his thinkdo not make the mistake either of thinklogically. And these changes must be ing, he is still less selfcentered than in ing of the Explorer as being the same

kept in mind in making or carrying out his earlier years. While no longer acas the younger Scout in his interests

any program if we would have it succepting without question the standards and needs, or the mistake of thinking cessful. and ideals of the home, yet he is coming of him as being the same as an adult.

What are some of the differences in more to really appreciate the imporHe is not the same as either. His period

thinking and conduct on the part of the tance of the home to him; and its inis as distinct and characteristic as is

boy as a result of these biological fluences, along with those obtained elsethe flowering period in the life of a changes? The Explorer boy begins to where, help him to shape his own philgrowing plant.

speak, and to understand, and to think, osophy of life. (Concluded on page 245)

After "goodnights A SHORT At Wilma's Home SHORT fHHI STORY Xears were still falling on Wilma's pillow, although she CDMpbdSL had been trying to go to sleep for over an hour. No matter what she ofL thxA. fuxqsL

tried to think about, or how hard she tried to forget, those few words her running through mind:kept By SADIE H. of milk a lollypop"Bring and glass

for Wilma."GREENHALGH

It had all happened after the dance, the dance that had been so perfect. It wasn't often that Wilma WILMA WONDERED IF

special HAD HEARD this one a date, and had SHEhad... RIGHT. COULD special extra becausebeen it was IT BE POSSIBLE THAT

with Richard Merrell, a classmate GINIA?OTHER WAS FOR VIRlong admired but who had never

before asked her for a date. A

dream had come true, she thought, Wilma; she's never tried the stuff."

until they had stopped for refresh- "Well, give her a good start,"ments. added a fellow across the table and

Nearly the entire crowd was there, handed a flask over.

and she felt very happy and a little Wilma felt her face and neck grow not the table, to be atproud only dared not look up crimson—she Virginiawith Richard, but with said Richard she did remember

Mitchell and Lloyd Jenson. Virsomething about "save your toast

ginia and Lloyd had been going tofor some other occasion,"but that gether for some time and were both was as far as she remembered anyconsidered popular at school. Wilthing except the jests. She nibbled At Lloyd's Home

ma had never been intimately acat her sandwich and didn't even "I guess I was rather caddish in quainted with Virginia but felt honnotice that Richard's glass was unbawling Wilma out, but you have to ored to be in her company because touched when they left the table. do something to amuse the crowd."

Virginia's mother had long been an He rolled over on his other side:

ideal of hers, and Wilma couldn't "I'd better think of something snaphelp holding the same fine opinion And so the tears continued to come py to say to Dick in the morning, of her daughter. as she thought of her embarrassbefore he has time to tell me what

The waitress had come for their ment. Certainly it would be her he thinks. That look he gave me last

orders. Lloyd ordered sandwiches first, last, and only date with Richnight was almost enough."

and beer for himself and Virginia. ard. Then in between these thoughts

finding if she of the shock had wondered out heard wasWilma that At Richard's Home right. really thing. thought Virginia could She had never such a do

Lloyd would drink, and now she was What would Mrs. Mitchell think if Richard lay on his back staring

sure he had said "two beers."Could she knew? through the darkness towards the

it be possible that other was for ceiling. A look of thoughtful satisVirginia? At Virginia s Home faction was on his face. He had

Richard was ordering their sandbeen thinking of the Junior Prom, wiches and asking what she would Virginia knelt at her bedside. The the Cadet Hop, and other dances

have to drink. In her confusion all habit of prayer had been so strongly in the future. He had an idea he

she could say was, "Nothing."instilled in her childhood that she was going to enjoy dating a certain

The waitress was almost to the had never drifted from it. This night, girl for these special occasions.

end of the room when Lloyd stood these were her closing words: It wouldn't be hard for a fellow to

up and shouted: "Add a lollypop "Father, give me the strength and do the right thing if he had a girl like

and glass of milk to Wilma's order."courage to do what Wilma did tothat. At last he dropped off to sleep

Every one in the room turned to night—to do what I know is right, thinking to himself: "I thought all

look as Lloyd continued, "We'll regardless of other people's opingirls were alike. Thank Heaven, I

have to have an initiation party for ions."have found the one that is different."

NAVAJO ) PEACE

JhsL At&u i> Jowl dCoJUidajy,

who fodpsuL in jdsuvc ihsL dojudA, o hcdbi&xL, ivjo/l anxL blDod&h&xL

govStates well the United those behaved has become men By KUMEN JONES history.Whenernment the of a matter rounded up

Navajos and punished San Juan Pioneer Among the delegation of leading them, under the leadership of the Navajos who returned with those noted scout, Kit Carson, saying Mormon missionaries to Salt Lake innothing the wrong was of who stalwart a the was young man whom is told story, in the a truecontroversy, the Indians very were THIS pioneers San Juan named Tom of everyday honest language an the doubtmuch worsted, and no Holliday. a perfect was almost He is talking he what knows man who

Good Father had a hand and purabout. Patriarch Kumen Jones is still specimen of manhood, being at that

pose in the incident. They were living, a venerable octogenarian, criptime under training to become one

still pling radibut about one leg, on allstripped their of property such the of councilors twelve of the life ating the influence of a holy longas sheep, goats, ponies, and even and nation Manuelito, at under Navajo lived, battle faithfully well hard a their orchards were cut down and fought. that time the head chief. The duty

destroyed. This, added to the fact Albert R. Lyman. of these twelve councilors was to

that their home country was barren, commit to memory all the national especially in seasons of drouth, left legends, songs, laws, and cerethem in extremely hard circummonies, so that they could rehearse stances. them at the big festivals and tribal

They faced the alternative of gatherings in the different sections starving or stealing, and with a peoof their country from year to year.

ple as thrifty and virile as the Nav- {Since the government divided the ajos, it is not surprising that many of reservation into subagencies and them chose to replenish their wasted established schools and Indian substance and stock from their police, the old tribal organization has neighbors. The Mokis and Zunis on largely fallen into disuse, or has been

the south of them, and the Utes and abandoned entirely.

Pahutes on their north had nothing Tom Holliday was greatly imfor them, and to cross the Colorado pressed with all that he saw and to the Mormon settlements offered heard on that visit to the Mormon their only chance of securing horses, leaders, who were frank and fair, cattle, and sheep with which to start convincing the Indians that the Mor- "housekeeping"again. To go mons were indeed real friends to

eastward, where they had just rethem, and that the time was near at ceived such an unmerciful drubbing, hand when the Gospel of their fawas entirely out of the question. thers would be brought to them by

Some of their exploits into the our missionaries.

southern part of Utah Territory, as After covenants of friendship and it was then known, were very sucpeace had been exchanged, the Incessful from their viewpoint, and dian chiefs departed for their own were continued at intervals for sevcountry and people, carrying with eral years, a few white men and TOM HOLLIDAY them many tokens and presents as quite a number of Indians being evidence of the kindly feelings of killed during this time. The Navacould be done to bring about a betterthese newlyfound Mormon friends.

jos knew they were taking that understanding among friends, alBy mutual agreement all the past chance in this daring business. though the relationship existing bewas to be forgotten by both sides.

Our prophet, colonizer, and statestween the two people amounted Neither party to this agreement man, President Brigham Young, practically to a state of war. This dreamed at that time that the near

called some of the old experienced meant that the missionaries took future held in store a very severe missionaries to go out among the their lives in their hands when they test of their mutual integrity.

Navajos and invite some of their went among the Indians on that danThe trouble was brought about chiefs to a conference, to see what gerous errand. How bravely and when four Navajo brothers of an

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

influential family were returning Hamblin started out alone, and how and ordered the Mormon scouts to from a trading trip; three of them the Smith brothers, knowing of the depart, after having their ponies

were killed and the fourth badly spirit of war which prevailed among brought in and saddled by the young wounded. A heavy fall of snow the Indians, insisted on going with men of their own people. And in

held them up at a ranch in Grass him, fearless though he was. Of each case the chief told our men that

Valley belonging to the McCarty course, they were not acquainted he would hold his people till the brothers, who claimed that the Inwith the unseen Hand that came to brethren got far away so that the dians had butchered one of their the rescue of Brother Hamblin, deIndians would not follow them, and calves. When the wounded Navajo livering him from a torture which the excitement would have a chance

returned, after untold suffering and seemed inevitable. to quiet down.

exposure, having been compelled to Another party consisting also of One of the main arguments our make the journey on foot with little two seasoned scouts, Ira Hatch and brethren put up to the Navajos was to eat, the news spread like wildBrother John L. Blythe, went to anthat the men who did the killing of

fire. Naturally the Indians felt that other part of the Navajo country on the Navajos were not Mormons at

the Mormons had broken the faith the same mission. They passed all, and that if the Indians would

and friendship which they pretendthrough the same perilous ordeal send another delegation to the place ed, and this time they were ready for and, as in the Hamblin incident, of trouble, the brethren agreed to go real war, of which all prospectors, only one of them was booked for and prove to them just who were

Indiantraders, and other travelers the sacrifice, Elder Hatch having the offenders. Before the two counin and near the reservation were duly married an Indian woman, and havcil meetings were brought to a close,

warned. ing become thereby, according to it was agreed that this investigation

Indian law, a member of the tribe. would be made.

()N account of poor mail service, or After the missionaries exhausted all Not long after that time, the plan other suitable means of comtheir powers of diplomacy and perwas carried out; a party of leading

munication, it was some time before suasion, the chief gave them to unNavajos went over the scene of the the officials of the Mormon people derstand that the time had come for trouble with some of our scouts, and learned just what had happened. Brother Blythe to die, and asked if the Indians were convinced that they

When the news arrived, they took he wished to send any word to his had accused our people wrongfully.

immediate steps to have the old friends at home. The party again visited Salt Lake,

standby Indian missionaries proElder Blythe answered that he where they were kindly treated, ceed to the Navajo country and get wished to offer a few words of prayer given provisions and presents, and the truth about the killing and to the great Father of us all, and returned to their own people with wounding of the Navajos with the when the chief assented, without a the friendship doubly cemented.

hope that the trouble could be tremor or sign of fear or excitement, The wisdom of this extra underrighted. This meant that our men Brother Blythe knelt down in that standing became apparent a little

were to go into the very jaws of crowded hogan and prayed earnestly later, when our Church authorities death with their peace message, and that the Lord would remove the decided to establish an outpost on try to get the truth to the Indians in scales from the eyes of the Indians the San Juan River in the souththeir excited condition and warlike so they might see that his people eastern corner of the territory. This

mood. were friends to all good men, Inwas right in the midst of the Indians

It is fairly well known how Jacob dians as well as white men. He also the Navajos on the south, the Utes

prayed that though the Indians on the east, and a band of Utes or should take his life, the Lord would Pahutes living a renegade life part forgive them, as they did not know of the time on the very country the real truth of this trouble which where the colony was to settle, and had come between friends. roaming at will to the north and west.

At this point the same Power was When Erastus Snow and others made manifest that figured so forceof the authorities visited the new fully at the trial of Elder Hamblin. colony for the first time, they saw

The hearts of the leading Indians (Continued on page 247) were softened, and in each case the chiefs stepped to the door of their respective hogans, or council houses,

Indian artifacts

By W. RUDGER THORNOCK

Northwestern States Mission

A FINE EXAMPLE OF THE PETROGLYPHS FOUND

ON TULELAKE PENINSULA IN NORTHERN CALIFORNIA UNKNOWN TO PRESENT INDIANS, AND

ACCORDING TO THEM THESE WERE HERE WHEN

THEIR ANCESTORS FIRST CAME HERE. NO ONE

HAS AS YET BEEN ABLE TO INTERPRET THESE

WRITINGS.

atories and work rooms. All eviinterest in any evidence dence points to the fact that the InOurbearing upon the record of dians of the eastern Oregon counAncient America led my mistry were witnesses to the destruction

sionary companion, Elder Donald D. of Mt. Mazama, in place of which

Noel, and me to meet a man living now is found Crater Lake.

in Klamath Falls, Oregon, who has A word concerning this great made a lifetime hobby of collecting wonder, Crater Lake, which Dr.

and studying Indian artifacts. The Cressman, head of the Anthroman, Mr. Frank A. Payne, has a pology Department, University of

very interesting collection numbering Oregon, estimates was formed beover 14,000 pieces. A great number tween four thousand and ten thouof these has catalogued he he and years sand at presumably ago and THIS OF BONE USED NEEDLES SHOWS A GROUPhas kept a record of where and how time a nearly four thousand. TO BUCKSKIN FOR PUNCTURING MAKE SEWING Where

POSSIBLE. IN FIVE LARGE ONES THE THE giving each discovered, condiwas is, Crater stood a once Lake now CENTER SUPPOSEDLY OF ARE THOSE THE tions displace surrounding of the OF FORMER INHABITANTS GROUP AND SHOW great built mountain peak which was MUCH TO SUPERIOR WORKMANSHIP THOSE covery. kindly Mr. very Payne and volcanic eruptions time OF by DATE. LIVE A LATER up INDIANS from HERE AT WHO

PRESENT NOTHING his OF THESE TIME KNOW generously gave time us of and THE until to time, the mountain had WHILE READILY. THEY RECOGNIZE THE OTHERS the has. information he which We height a reached twelve of between

spent of interesting hours a number feet. fourteen thousand thousand and to means to have pay wood learned conhadwith him and much greatest the came Then movement hauled for burning the body, they hiscerning work. of this volcano, time at which huge entirely were cremated; if middle

Most of the relics were gathered class, they were partly so honored, liquid stone was thrown over miles from what was once an old lake, and if povertystricken, they were of the surrounding country and covknown as lower Klamath Lake, not touched by fire. ered everything in its path. The

haswhich been drained has and shell of the collapsed mountain and inPayne's Mr. has work caused

field fertilesince for a become Mr. filled left in partly the great hollow terest are eminent among men who Little work.Payne's digging forth, the lava forming belched when field has in the of anthropology. Many in thisbeen of study done many is for the basin of today what one tools weapons, together and with huyears, as the but wind moved bodies most beautiful and purest artifacts, animal and the man of the some

floor earth the lake frompowdery world. in the of water petrified, which have become have the relics uncovered a were conand been gathered for in laborstudy {Concluded 231) on pagesistent articoncerning these record

facts has been made available. At

times a great number of relics were located in one small area and when such was the case Mr. Payne would

use his shovel. He found one

"Kitchen Midden"in which were the cremated remains of many peo- "KITCHEN MIDple. Some were entirely cremated, MATORYDEN"OR BEINGCREEXCAVATED so, just partlyothers others and still MR. FRANKBYnot touched brought This by fire. a PAYNE.

question to the mind of our inquisitive friend and by study and from the old Indians here, he found that the extent of the cremation depended upon the station in life held by the deceased. If they were wealthy and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

observed the effects of the invisible) atom. The man of science cannot deny LISTEN

of the of existence nor a a God, ANDPROOF hereafter, since actually cannot he COLLEGE STUDENT GIVES AN- A their has nonexistence. prove He **"* SWER TO SOME TROUBLESOME (xJi&dojfL jcouwl this limit to to himself: a certain body

QUESTIONS. of facts has been shown true beyond

them. a doubt. He accepts But Observe—and be taught By

his beliefs being since are constantly

JANICE WILSON changed and modified by new disTt takes all kinds of people coveries, he cannot say that future to make a world and young people today hear investigations in the scientific field each has his story to tell, correlation in the not result may perform, of of his the problem to function much aboutWE his the religionwith those of viewscollege students and religion. leave. Many lesson to and his

of our advisers are prone to think ist. It is his personal choice that he

that the minute we set foot within a accepts only those things that are university, we are automatically concretely provable at this moment.

doomed to lose the faith they have Although it is each man's privworked so hard to instill within us. ilege to choose his beliefs, I often

They fear that, being thrust into an think that the Lord must be amused entirely different intellectual atto see His children ponderously demosphere, coming into contact with ciding whether or not to believe in new ideas, not being under the direct Him. It's like deciding not to beinfluence of the Church, and in a lieve in electricity. Whether you

place where the majority of our asbelieve in it or not doesn't make thesociates are nonmembers, we will slightest difference—its powerful

discard our faith in favor of the soforces will continue to operate in the called "scientific attitude."universe in spite of your decision.

As a college student, I have had There are, of course, many sciento face this problem, and, although tists who believe in a God, and the it is not so bad as our parents paint attitude of the true scientist toward is of tolerance. always oneit, for religion there that chance I admit is a

is, the other hand, There on a in their college lose to peopleyoung large SarahlearnedBernhardtsomethingsaidfromshe intolerant. are very They body who I tell likereligion. to should So,

you how I have worked this problem claim that it is a form of selfhyp- everyone with whom she out for myself. nosis and they prate long and loud came in contact. All people

The major discrepancy we must about their "scientific attitude."were of great interest to her.

face is, of course, that between Armed with a few incomplete facts The gardener who learned the science and religion. This seems to about the universe and its workings, appreciation

be the main intellectual worry of colwith their infinitesimal knowledge of beauty to they pass upon judgment presume it all so students.lege seems me To color and

is their is not, in truth what and whatsimple: from the fields elseof own their limited are of science by learning—and Men flowers and also. where untilfive senses. of advent the Not gathwho it is that not they they see Can the did theymicroscopes admit existence of a whole world they who are the blind ones? They pride ered wiscouldn't even see. By the same themselves upon their broad, open dom from

token, those who have a religion are minds; in reality, they are the narthe bee was

also limited by their five senses. row people, the little people, because of interest

But just because there is no such they are incapable of comprehendto Sarah tangible spiritual microscope, sciening vast, fundamental knowledge. Bernhardt.

faith, are trust of of capable whotists else) (or We cannot anyone deny It.foe &<9-xswas

in are Higher a Power, more much in existencethe of another world from the they broadminded because than we field. is religionist's Especiallythe colorful philwit, wisdom, and believe small not the only bodythis things there in since are true gleaned of osophy with by contact that facts constitutes demonstrable oftheir microscopic world own that others Sarah Bernhardt "scientific"their knowledge, but we the existence, they admit butwhich

which they have never actually seen. go far beyond that, saying, "Just bepainted human emotions so

For instance, has anyone ever seen cause its formula cannot as yet be vividly by her acting and stirred an atom, with or without benefit of set down on paper, we cannot close people to great enthusiasm.

microscope? Has a scientist ever our minds to the vast field of truth Those who were eccentrics to

seen ether, or seen electricity? He beyond these few proved facts."some were to her persons

admits their existence because they Somehow, I can't escape the conworthy of understanding and are manifested obviously and undeclusion that the proof of a philosthose who were thought by niably through their effects on other ophy lies in the living of it, and in many to be commonplace and natural processes, and he can perwhether or not it brings you happiunworthy of

If this ness. criterion, I accept asceive manifestations. these my to notice were

is faith that religion conclude In I must might a say that you way, my and her men

I efficacious one. are a believer's an microhave happrayer beenand

scope, inasmuch as they make him py; I am happy; I shall always be women, each

aware of a greater power, something happy. The Mormon faith, which with his own

beyond that which his five senses can I know to be the Gospel of Jesus stor y, his perceive. He has seen and felt the Christ, has made me so, and it will own life, andmanifestations of this invisible force continue to, for it is a vital, livable his own lesyv

just as surely as the scientist has philosophy of life. son.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

METAL CRAFTMORMON YOUTH IN ANCIENT AMERICA in. JJiiL <HalL oft, J-anuL

By CHARLES E. DIBBLE

TJlGH RECOGNITION COMES TO So UAD-

A * ron Leader Andrew Fletcher HE advanced cultures of Central and Dr. Dilworth W. Woolley, and South America have produced

both of Canada. X delicate and artistic ornaments

of gold, silver, and copper.

By C FRANK STEELE Recent research tends to show that the techniques for working gold and metals to other in tribute lines are writtenThese in northern South were America—Colombiaprobably developed boys of Canada who two Mormon

have distinguished themselves in and Ecuador. From this region the

war and in peace. gold workers'art apparently diffused

Now the heroics of war are gone.

Youth in the belligerent nations of this second Great War are finding that this DILWORTH W. WOOLLEY

is true. War is grim business, and yet

emerging from the throes of battle there "Andy's"mother sat at the radio listenstill shines at times man's inherent noing to the news from overseas she was bility of soul: chivalry even to the thrilled to hear her son mentioned in

enemy, fidelity to duty, courage in the dispatches from the Air Ministry in face of death, selfforgetfulness in London. Her boy had been promoted

service to one's country. to the rank of Squadron Leader and

This has been so in the case of had been awarded by His Majesty the

Squadron Leader Andrew Fletcher, King the Distinguished Flying Cross AN AZTEC GOLDSMITH WORKING WITH CHARtwenty-fiveyear-old son of Dr. Cyrus to devotion for conspicuous duty and ATCOALTHEFIRE,RIGHTCLAY ANCRUCIBLE,APPRENTICEAND BLOWWATCHES.PIPE. Fletcher M. in the face of courage of the enemy.

L e thbridge, So now it is Squadron Leader AnAlberta. drew Fletcher, D. F. C. Young southward into Peru and northward

he was When is Fletcher carrying at his post on unthrough Panama to Costa Rica and

I. an M. A. spoiled fame, in his heart deep by and Mexico.

boy and a he looks forward to the day when his

King Scout job will be done and he can return to Grains and nuggets of gold were camping out his home and loved ones in the West. melted and worked either by hammerwith his faing or casting. The casting technique

is parallel the to a process cireperdue is ther, who field far fire a Tn the removed from of the core of clay Old World. A District Comof tumult another and war Mormon this charcoal formed, and and on was of missioner boy Dr. Canada, from Dilworth W. desired incised. the design was The

at Scouting is also carrying on. Woolley, This artisan then a formed model wax Lethbridge, twentysix-yearold fellow of the the desired ornament over the clayof

they started to Rockefeller Institute was recently charcoal core. The core and wax

call him chosen as the recipient of the Lilly model were covered with a coating of "Andy."He award of $1,000 and a bronze medal charcoal and clay. The whole was

is still "Andy"given annually at the convention of the then fired and the wax model melted

Fletcher, alSociety of American Bacteriologists. away, leaving a hollow mold into which

St. at award Louis was made on the poured. gold molten was When is The he though 1940. 28, December the cooled, cast gold the broken, was of the one now scientific This prized to goes award the gold polished. and ornament was

flying famous the or thirtyone under man woman ANDREW FLETCHER men of the years of age who has made exceptional The Mexicans knew how to beat out

Royal Air Force, having gone to Engcontributions to knowledge of bacterigold leaf and work it with involved land in 1935, to join the R. A. F. ology and immunology in a noncom- repousse designs.

A few weeks before his service pemercial or educational institution. Dr.

riod was up, the war broke. "Andy"Charles Thorn, president of the assoThe goldsmiths of Central America

Fletcher never hesitated. He reen- ciation, in announcing the award, said and Peru understood and practiced the

listed "for the duration."He cabled Dr. Woolley "had contributed subwelding of gold and silver as well as

the news to his parents, and while their stantially to our knowledge of the cause gold and copper.

hearts were heavy—their slim young of scarlet fever, blood poisoning, and Dr. Alfonso Caso's important disson of the jewels in 7 at Tomb

yielded gorgets Oaxaca, his wings—theywas still a boywereevenjustlythoughproudhe hadof meningitis."Dr. Woolley is the son of Mrs. A. D. Montecovery Alban,

him. Woolley, whose home is in Raymond, depicting gods, gold finger rings, neckMonths passed. He was first an inbut who is now living in New York laces, and pendants.

structor putting scores of rookies City with her distinguished son. His

through their paces. Then when the father, a onetime Salt Lake resident Recently, gold plaques, approximatesiege of Britain grew in intensity he and a pioneer of Raymond, Canada, ly five inches in diameter with rewas moved to the fighter squadron. died some years ago. Although handipousse designs showing Peruvian inLetters home became fewer; you see, the capped from earliest childhood by fluence, have been recovered as far

R. A. F. has been pretty busy the last delicate health, this young Mormon boy north as Guatemala and Southern

few months. Then one evening as (Concluded on page 245) Costa Rica.

LIVE A SERMON APRIL By L. R. Hardman By Anna Johnson

splashes careless April sermon a ever seen youHave rain, silver tears of before very your eyes? WHENHer Lived

Could you doubt the weight it carries, The daisies shower gladness

When temptation it defies? Along the woodland lane.

Does the one who lives that sermon The robin almost strangles

Seem to irk you in a way? With ecstasies of spring.

If not, then pattern by him; His joyous song is echoed

Live your sermon every day. Until the woodlands ring.

The sunset's gold and crimson PLANTING TIME TheEncirclewidevaleshorizonand captureshills.

By Solveig Paulson Russell The My heartblush respondsthat natureto Aprilspills.

like soul is mine. Her much is the to live the place countryOh, are to beauty, tuned eyes Her air, is the in spring When

shine. has love them For made bursting out seeds buds and comeWhen

heartthrobs tremble happy Her they dare, as quicklyAs bliss. Spring's awakened all hustling Through the earth isWhen

the I think gladness she knows its start plan summerTo in treasured That's a kiss. friendly lends a promiseAnd

To the efforts of each man.

Ah, then's the time that gardening SILHOUETTE

Is worthwhile joy indeed, When everyone's good feeling By Claire S. Boyer By Luacine C. Fox

seed, the a-sprouting withComes living the the of God, temple BESIDE words, find no trials all of winter theAnd truth, of spires spires the the Against thoughts, no speech. I No the vanish with to snow;Seem light, of adjectives The early planting springtimeYes,

his all gave Is silhouetted one who of reach. out Are I thatIs the time best know. night the illuminate might God's That Word Descriptions,

Of latter days, that in the hearts of men (Which I love to write)

HANDS His Gospel might be powerful again. Have left me flat.

But just for spite, By Mabel Jones Before the living temple of all time, Because I said light, Built disciples of quickened His by I'd just write now, fine true; strong hands and were and daily in serving name, His Of I'llHis close eyes, my with they worked had and saw Oft height, eternal the ascending O c saintsteachers smite brow And my plane; is set a of Across prophecy, world Till inspiration

like calloused they hands wereThough silhouette. Revelator's The Modern (Disappeared)

mine, They could be kind, rebuking pain. WillLest whatfly in shehastefeared

RESTORATION Is filed away placed eyes; cloudedHis hands on He careless glee, With

the old, William the poor, Mulder the blessed By young,They labeled wrongly And that the they walk,Restored lame might Poetry! see the Father face to never T)erhaps I'll to the deaf helped hear more. onceAnd * face,

His hands were nailed upon a cross, But I have bowed my head where Joseph

Were pierced and torn, and bled for me. knelt TRIBUTE

silent lips in prayer, And, have felt moving small though and very weak,My hands, By Helen Miller Lehman that quiet sacred place. of rapture The serve, humanity. for Him,Must

kind; heart gentle; her voice was was in their familiar trees whisperings Tht Her

handclasp in her could ones needy And Bore witness, the very atmosphere and BETWEEN THE LINES find. only Confirmed I dared what hope before:

By Cristel Hastings I fel: the truth the inward vision brings. The warmth of friendliness.

Her thoughts were clear letter! writing a you in fear, and, a pool; lacking water As still I'm lights olory of the grove The my way

It's just or two, a page right. for stood uncompromisingly She it Liberty, lighted once Carthage, As

will the lines read left, But between you as those she has seems day whom the conTo Nauvoo, westward march—and heart to says you! night, What my stantly

I'm writing of the weather The vhion shines upon the Church today. And dearyet, Lordthrough faith, we know that her

if dear! it mattered, richly her honored As with a reward Restoration spring each comes The

is of rainbows, in love, sky defer. longer made could The He, no again WhichHas and me close to God To brinj to my fellow here! to oh, have Father And, heavenly you use of sweet The made mer.

her I'm gossiping of gardens, On earth, and now she stands upon the rim things that Of for waffles, recipes Of sprout and grow, INTO LIGHT OfLightGod'sof hearteternity,and aeagerseraphimfor the heavenly

Of folks who come and go! Bt Eva Willes Wangsgaard things.

Without her we are lonely, but her going it stange is that when we creep you're while But I know cur last reading HowInto of mine, darkest bed, hurried and words These Its recompense—ourbrings lives become a fairer Your eyes will find the yearning A part of us refuses sleep scroll

And love between each line! And steps out into light instead! Because we saw the beauty of her soul.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

THE NATION'S PRESS inhim thoseto thedaysend, offor drudgeryit is well stayedknown withthat he was the only member of either senate orBRIGHAM house who year after year personally read ON REED SMOOT every bill that was introduced in Congress, and who scanned the reports on all bills in passing of Reed Smoot has which he was interested. In due time,YOUNG Thebrought forth from the nation's Senator Smoot rose on the appropriations

ento committee he where a position was commentacolumnists, and press,AaixL: trusted of the with apmajor management to as which, of comment a flood

bills the propriation senate. Before before deonly be quantity, may andCOMPILED BY tors,quality that role mastered he assume would he

in superlative terms. detail of the department for which theHEBER Q. HALE scribed the

Typical of this high praise are the appropriation was made, and in time came of far to the workings more about know an editorial excerpts from following Inof Declaration of the signersHpHE all the than did departments government Herald in York appearing the New the of framers the and * dependence secretaries the cabinet members were who 10: February Monday, Tribune on inbetter of those departments. on inspired from wasConstitution were He

the great machine government onHigh to do that work. strong formed of the one Smoot was Reed other Congress. than any man in yesterday death His the Senate. men.. of.

destroyed? Constitution be honthe long, of a Will end the Florida in marked

is of counterpart Senator There no Smoot first he career. useful When orable andNo.

the digger, today; senate such no no a in by met he was to Washington went

persistent of worker, master such such no difficulty arose in is opposition, which not so foolish much violent and There detail. there will be never probably And a Moronly not rethat fact he was the the for death from to personsleading

in another Congress. Reed Smoot church. that in dignitary high but a is in mon inducthere profess, asligion we

dissiquickly however, prejudice, was This principles. live its pure toing them of the record Congressional From his strong on, time that from pated, and

10, following 1 94 February 1, the day of a ability, which his was character and of in pursuit are object you Every of of the respect men order, him of high death the Senator Smoot, won we to pertain will that whichshould be all parties. in part: quote

care of itself; take let timeeternity, and

only be sure to do the duties pertaining It was President Hoover who said of Senator Elbert D. Thomas:

it. workings the of moreto him: knows "He contributed "... Senator much Smoot living other than any government of our

his of the counhistory expansion and probably was to That estimate American."object have human principal What try. to the United ever came who man No accurate. Give me inbeings view? Happiness. asto cruel States stand Senate as an had

wealth, give power, glory, me give sault, hearing, me unjust and as and a wicked thrifty in hard and trained a and Reared trial influence a faced that give as Senator Smoot which name, me give a me his career throughout school, he known was in the 1903. entered Senate these, all he That when mewith my extravagovernment of relentless foe the as fellowmen—givegood is in that victorious ordeal he great was I therethat it not follow am doesand for and mightily economy fought gance. He fairthis to to the compliment a and body altodepends That happy. madeby in speech a expenditures. Once, cautious for his of fellow Senators. mindedness Had acthese principle ruewhat gether remarked Senate, upon floor of the he the on lost right the minority the cause, of he

inAbsolute of government that was gained. cost the fully quisitions were in representation land group our would

it and increased that had always creasing, happiness; produce can nevertyranny it to the relegated occuplace been have

increase. to it saw continue that would He gained unjustly influence in his the neither an pied Ages. can In winning Dark

d.s- inevitable, this somewhat and trend as

.. spite seat, in misinterpretation the of of will give a man used. and What his in gloomy even most not though maying, rule that Senate, the the Constithe under peace. will him give which. joy? That saturnalia of the did dream he forebodings is its tution, of the judge Members, own

:he to devoted in 1933. that was began He their in the realized votes Senators and eleall the that to learn have printo the to party, and Utah Republican We that jusfact in the acknowledged America

their varied administration; eternal, though ciples of are government sound ments it tice prevail, that to should and saw they'public servant all, able disan but, he above was to be organized are earthly forms... prevail. justice did

afof a type too rare in Washington today. our place not solved. We must

Senator Harrison: until they things these fections upon

are organized for eternity. If we take A nother such comment comes from "... I never knew a more industrious or ** Washington, D. C. Harry J. sincere legislator than Senator Smoot. He that course we shall be laying up treasures in heaven. Earthly things will be Brown of the Washington Bureau of was an indefatigable worker. He left his

this legislative of records the on the Tribune says, under date imprint Salt Lake reorganization their and decomposed, retired the Sencountry, he from and when 22: of February the resurrecof power will be by the wishes the with him ate he carried good

shall begin to understand tion; then we sincere of his regard do and wrote: colleagues—it good men "The Shakespeare of element. use the proper of mattered not the aisle we what side bones."is The with their oft interred

We are so organized as to be able to quotationall his 30 yearshas anin theapplicationUnited Statesin this:senate,In wereI regreton. I wasvery especiallymuch tofondlearnof him,of andhis

choose, or to refuse. the one great, outstanding service that death...."

capital national the rendered Smoot Reed White: bill Senator tie to father passage to and push was eterpractice learn and have to We

... great- D. Washington, gave which Senator Smoot was one of these C, its life. eternal to obtain principles nal

est aggregation of government office buildrare men. For thirty years, I think, he octhat, time, beat the in wire seat buildings cupied Year a this Chamber. by ings—celesobtains a that individual The all inagencies the in in to lieved year he house knowledge; he adequate grew grew

in the will tial be idle never kingdom influto for tome. that fluence; generations that of and government knowledge and

flesh. These fine buildings now are occupied ence rested upon the basic fact that he was

by the department of commerce, tie post one of the most industrious men who ever

Our religion takes within its wide office department, the department of jussat in the Congress of the United States.

iiterstate legislative labor, the of tice, himself of department the a master made He of but things heaven only not embrace

.. is subjects. a kindly commission. Another ihe much when commerce man He was It circumscribes earth. of also things

to building. him. archives a wlen Senone Yet came needed.know who was man He literature art, science, and of things will single died, newspaper long those a not be were ator remembered Smoot by who

hell. earth, heaven, and to pertaining I tie in eulogizing great I think privileged in to associate him. with Washington,

Utahn, so much as made reference to this bespeak the respect which all Members on

Understand men and women as they outstanding achievement. this side of the Chamber had for him We

are—not as you are. The reputation that Senator Smoot earned lament his passing...."

IIKurcOlovesonoa New Stake Formed in P. Stevens as counselors. William E. former Hawaiian Mission president and

Southern Arizona Stoker was sustained as bishop of the temple head since January, 1938.

South Twentieth Ward, with Orval C. Prominent in civic and business af-

/"\rganized on Sunday, March 3, the Fox and E. Stephen Buckmiller as fairs in Nephi, Utah, President Belliston

Southern Arizona Stake became the counselors. has served the Church as missionary to

one hundred and thirtyseventh stake in Hawaii from 1 898 to 1 902, as counselor the Church, and the seventh to be Divisions Create in the bishopric of the Nephi Ward, and formed in Arizona. New Wards as bishop of the south division when the

the unit to preside Called over new divided in 1914. ward was AuFrom of the Ensign Ensign Ward, Ballantyne, professor B. at Alandowas gust, until this 1924, year February of into the D'visionStake, Ensign and West of University formerlythe Arizona and as he served Stake. president of the Juab the to use wards, both Ensign East District of the Southern Arizonahead

chapel, Februwas effected wardin California the Mission. Jared J. same Three Stakes Sustain bishopric Ensign ary 9. The Ward first ofTrejo St. David was named Presidencies was New for retained Ensign Ward: the West of Bisbee,counselor and Evans M. O.

second counselor. Waldo M. Andersen, bishop; J. El- "Decent reorganizations have given

The new stake includes seven wards dredge and Kenneth S. Bennion, counthe Hyrum, Bear Lake, and Juab

formerly branches of the California selors; and Willard D. Rogers, clerk. stakes new presidencies as follows

Mission: Tucson, Bisbee, Douglas, William M. Faulds was named bishop In the Hyrum Stake, Edwin ClawBinghampton, Pomerene, St. David, and of the East Ensign Ward, with Ambrose son succeeds President Danford M.

Whitewater, and one branch, Nogales. T. Mason and Ralph Hardy as counBickmore, Albert Zbinden replaces first

Representing the General Authorities selors, and Joseph W. Coles, clerk. counselor John C. Brenchley, and B. M.

at the organization were Dr. John A. The Murray Third Ward resulted Thompson has been named second

Widtsoe of the Council of the Twelve from a division of the Murray First counselor.

and C. Orval Stott of the Church WelWard, Cottonwood Stake. Bishop L. In the Bear Lake Stake, former secfare Agricultural Advisory Committee. P. Parry and counselors Frank A. Johnond counselor E. Woodruff Stucki was

son and Ivan N. Bean, with Clinton P. sustained as president, succeeding PresDivision of Twentieth Ward Smith, clerk, head the new Third ident George H. Robinson; Fred J.

Creates North, South Units Ward. Persyl Richardson succeeds Price was named first counselor, suc-

P. ceeding Alfred First of A. Hart, as bishop the and E. Crane John Alma Stake, Ensign Twentieth Ward,HThe counselor. appointed second S. was with Paul Wright Hume and Ward, W. L. divided 16 into February a was In the sucStake, L. as counselors, Will Hoyt Juab Turand Sylvester Rose

section includingnorth approximately Belliston Albert stake as ceeded clerk. H. as ner

one thousand members and a south president. Counselors James H. Ockey

section eleven hundred of some President Appointed memNew and Herman W. McCune were rebers, both the present to use wards tained. Temple To Hawaiian

hall.chapel recreation and

for sixteen Belliston, H. Albert bishop of the Outgoing old TwenWashington Services Honor

tieth of Stake, president re- ** years the Juab Q. Cannon, Edwin was Ward Late Reed Smoot thecently sustained president president of as appointed been of the has

Ensign Stake. Eldred G. Smith was Hawaiian Temple at Laie. President "D emembered as a great American who

appointed bishop of the North TwenBelliston, who will leave for Honolulu applied his religion to his public tieth Ward, with J. H. Cook and Guy on May 1, succeeds Castle H. Murphy, life and thus won respect for himself,

A PATRIARCH AND HIS POSTERITY—ELDER GEORGE F. RICHARDS AT EIGHTY

Elder George F. Richards of the Council of the Twelve, acting Presiding Patriarch of the Church, at eighty years of age stands as patriarch at the head of a large

Eightyfive greatgrandchildren. living), fiftysix fifteen (thirteen sons grandchildren, daughters and and twentytwo as family posterity numbering favored of them and

birthday on February eightieth Elder honoring and Sister the Richards gathered Elder Richards'day following and of the program arewell—ashown family 23. At at a dinner members

eighty, Elder Richards is in excellent health, active and energetic. In these blessings, his wife, Alice Robinson Richards, the mother of all Ms children, shares equally.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

The Church Moves On his Church, and his state, the late Elder

Reed Smoot of the Council of the

Twelve, who died on February 9, was honored at memorial services held

Sunday, March 9, in the beautiful

Washington, D. C. chapel of the

Church which he was instrumental in building.

Principal speakers at the services, which were attended by members of the late senator's family, were President Rudger Clawson of the Council of the Twelve, former Senators WilMISSIONARIESARRIVEDLEAVINGFEBRUARYFOR THE 24,FIELD1941—DEPARTEDFROM THE SALTMARCHLAKE 5,MISSIONARY1941 HOME

F. Henry and of Utah Kingliam H.

right: Joseph First left to row, Chester Fred Stubbs, James Buttars, Gene Cummings, Ada Bluth, present were Also Arizona. ofAshurst Colt.on, Nielsen, Allen, Pearl B. Haacke. Glenda Rulon Ned Don B.

Lindberg, Wilford J. row: C. Alfred Barnes, Davidson, Darwin Clayburn, Cox, Leo A. June D. Thomas,Senator Elbert

Rollins, R. Ruiz, who proCarinaSecond Raul Verden Bowman. M. and Representhe invocation,nounced Ernest Third Funk, Weir, tow: Margaret Meeks, Margaret Loanda Clark, Norman Phil Buchanan, H.

Turpin, Leyshon. E. William Donald former Johnson, of Utah,tative Robinson }. Will

Fourth R. Wilson, Kilburn row: Glendon Williams, LaVar F. Reese, Gerald P. Werrett, L. LaVar Myers,

of Indiana,Senator Watson James Gibson, Anderson. M. Carl LeGrande Mark C. Silver,

C. Jeston Jacobson, Fifth row: Harlow Duffin, Grant Rice, Willard B. Call, John Wayne Fronk, RichardRepresentative Hatton W. Summers of Mortensen, C. P. Findlay, Keith Ross Wallace.

Texas, President Ezra T. Benson of Sixth row: Herbert Fred Mortensen, Kenneth Rulon Boss, Brent Heiner Simpson, Burl Peterson, John

Washington Stake, and Bishop Edgar Sharp,SeventhPaul Lewisrow: Harmon,Milton B. PaulRichardMatthews,Piatt, JosephThurn E.JamesPotts.Baker, Jay Byron Hunt, Doran Heap Barlow,

B. Brossard, who offered the benedicNewel V. Jackson, Rex E. Richards.

tion.

Lavont S. Smith succeeds James N. Lewis. Central States: Thyra T. Larsen,

New Chapels Dedicated Vineyard Ward, Sharon Stake, Walter Ashton, Idaho; Carl Racker, Lehi, Utah;

Utah. Tropic, succeeds Thorit C. Herbert- R. Shakespear, Eldredge Holdaway

dedicated by visitingTecently Au- R.sen. SchoStates: U. William Central East

chapels: are the following field, Taggart, Stake, Branch, Rockport Elko, Marquis Summit Jr., Ruth Nevada; Nashf* 1 thorities

President David O. McKay of the F. Pendleton succeeds Karl B. Hixson. Cody, Wyoming.

First Presidency participated in dediLoa Ward, Wayne Stake, Willis R. WilEastern States: Verla Ashcraft, St. Ancatory rites for the Trenton Ward lardsen succeeds W. Rex Brian. thony, Idaho; Florence D. Call, Salt Lake;

Stake, T. Weiser Utah; Hayden, Ward, R. Gardner, Beryl Ned Raymond Stake, and for chapel, Benson

Udall, succeeds William A. Hale.J. Jessica Utah; Loveless, Payson, the DeweyLetha Branch, the Albuquerque chapel of Garfield Stake, Oquirrh East Wilson, Arizona; Earl Ward, Hy- H. ElThatcher,

New Mexico. mer E. Matthews succeeds L. Baldee. rum, Utah.

In the Northern States Mission Elder Belvedere Ward, Pasadena Stake, Orlin Hawaiian: James R. Anderson, Mesa,

Richard R. Lyman dedicated chapels at F. Lamb succeeds Harold R. Harrison. Arizona; Carlyle S. Miller and Mrs. Carlyle

East Detroit, Michigan; Rhinelander, S. Miller, Huntington Park, Cal.; Roscoe F.

Wisconsin; and in Cambridge City, Frank W. Asper Completes Sorenson, Midvale, Utah; Robert S. Taylor,

Peru, and Linton, Indiana. Concert Tour in South Salt Lake.

Bergeson, England: H. Max New Ward Parowan West The cities of touring the southfrom Clayton, chapel Dack Midvale, Cornish, Utah; M. James Bishop Presiding dedicated bywas Arizona. Decker, Mesa, in states Iva Utah; ern has Rose where he appeared

the Parowan during RichardsLeGrand States: Dial, L. Central North Edwin recitals, series wellreceived of a organ

in February. conference quarterly Stake Littlewood, L. Shelley, Idaho; Clarence is Asper, orTabernacle Dr. Frank W.

FillRichfield, Robison, Utah; A. Wayne ganist. Appearing Dr. with Asper was

Utah. Elders more, Presiding Bishops, soprano dramatic from Howell, Ruth States: Boss, GarRussel H. Northern AppointmentsReceive California. year Dr. Hollywood, Each land, Provo, Cooper, C. Utah; Laurence

Glenwood Ward, Alberta Stake, Eldon Asper 's artistry wins him wider praise Utah; Ellis D. Orchard, Twin Falls, Idaho;

Quinton succeeds Clarence J. Night. and appreciation, for his "skill as well Jarvis M. Peterson. Brigham City, Utah;

Junction Ward, Garfield Stake, Jay W. as his warmth and genial personality."LeRoy P. Taylor, Salt Lake; Douglas M.

Applegate succeeds H. Earl Bay. Thompson, Idaho Falls, Idaho.

Superior Ward, Lyman Stake, Foster L. "Era"Cites Missionaries Northwestern States: Walter L. Haws,

Gordon, succeeds Lawrence E. Harris. Released in February, 1941 Mesa, Arizona; Irvin W. Jeffery, Delta,

Wilmington Ward, Long Beach Stake, Utah; Clara C. Jensen, Manti, Utah; Don

Leland M. Stratford succeeds Cornell E. "RyfissiONARiES released during Feb- F. Manwill, Richfield, Idaho; Jack E,

Jarman. ruary, 1941, and others not preMineer, Keams Canyon, Arizona; Max H.

Las Vegas Ward, Moapa Stake, Reed viously appearing on the "honor roll"Skinner, Lehi, Utah; Robert S. Thorup, Salt

L. Bunker. Berkeley succeeds Whipple are here listed: Lake.Southern States: William L. Black, Stake, KenNebo Second Ward, Payson

neth J. Tanner succeeds John F. Olson. Argentine: Earl M. Fitzgerald. San Blanding, Utah; Eva Egbert, Pocatello,

Elko Ward, Nevada Stake, John J. StastFrancisco, California; Samuel J. Skousen, Idaho; Clyde W. Fowler, Salt Lake; Wilny succeeds Rodney Williams. Thatcher, Arizona. liam M. Harker, Shelley, Idaho; Ray J.

Ely Ward, Nevada Stake, William J. California: Albert G. Brain, Jr.. ChadKirkland, Carey, Idaho.

Hemingway succeeds O. Udell Call. win J. Burbidge, Salt Lake; Howard B. CotSpanish-American: Ramond L. ChapSnake Valley Branch, Nevada Stake, S. trell, Morgan, Utah; Delbert W. Curtis, man, Rigby, Idaho; Rulon B. Fox, SpringIra Jensen succeeds Sylvan D. Warner. Payson, Utah. ville, Utah; Floyd E. Hayes, Salt Lake;

Nanakuli Branch, Oahu Stake, Robert L. Canadian: Alvin R. Bennett, Taber, Milda Schwendiman, Newdale, Idaho.

Worley succeeds Rollo Dutson. Alberta, Canada; Leo G. Dow, Picture Western States: Clyde H. Armstrong,

Salem Ward, Palmyra Stake, H. Elmer Butte, Canada; Elmer O. Johnson, Jr., SafCedar City, Utah; George A. Piatt, RichSabin succeeds Ray Davis. ford, Arizona; Stanley A. Leavitt, Hartleyfield, Utah; Boyd L. Squires, Great Falls,

Cedar Third Ward, Parowan Stake, B. ville, Canada; James W. Litchfield, RayMontana; Emma La Ree Whitby, Alpine.

Glen Kenney succeeds Samuel F. Leigh. mond, Canada; Frank L. McClure, Salt Utah.

Paragonah Ward, Parowan Stake, J. Lake; Afton D. Orchard, Lewiston, Utah;

Leonard Tophan succeeds Doyle K. RobPaul D. Quinn, Nampa, Idaho; Mahala Hugh Ireland Passes On

Salt Stave- A. Stanford, Clyde Lake; Smith, inson. 16, Elder 1941, January Hugh Salt Vance, Kimball ly, Lake; f\N Canada; Stake, Bernardino Branch, Redlands San

for editor years of Ireland, twenty Butte, Picture C. Canada; Walton, Ervin Irvin succeeds R. Porter M. Skousen. Hans

Victorville Branch, San Bernardino Stake, Ronald M. Warr, Heyburn, Idaho. {Continued on page 243)

nifBooKHact

POETS, ATTENTION! BRIGHAM YOUNG THE COLONIZER caped detailed treatment in the general hisChurch. of the Press, tory Deseret Hunter. (Milton News R.UTAH SINGS, VOL. II. than chronological or biorather Topical, $3.00.) 1940. 383 pages. Salt City, Lake

of "Utilization as the development in subjects milestone graphical, such excellent thisAnother approach reader may "The THE Problem,"year, this set Land will "The Water,"be up poetry of Utah will that the he assurance with book Iron Deseret ComUniversity Industry,""Theif Leather of Young plans Brigham material fresh of wealth great a encounter of Rush Tooele, settlement the completed. and are pany,"DepartmentJournalism print. in available heretofore The not Fillmore, Sanpete, Valley, the for gathered Valley, being Utah already arePoems avoided, and been accounts have timeworn scope the indicate topics related statewide Sings, a other of and Utah volumesecond scholarly in able Dr. manand Hunter, an is This book chapters. thirtyfour Dr. edited being the of by verse ofanthology sources almost ner, to manuscript has gone of, duplication a than to, rather associates of addition a group and an CulmseeCarlton this of work. for entirely content factual the welwill be and literature, other publications and existing Churchrepresenting Utah is land of placed "methods"Emphasis on reader. casual student and bothorganizations. by comed industries, of founding settlement and new E. L.—R. in 1934 first published was volume settling is of the to The given attention and

by Professor Harrison R. Merrill, late chairspecific places which have heretofore es- {Concluded on page 229)

man of the Journalism Department, who was also editor of The Improvement Era, and

Elsie Talmage Brandley, late associate editor of the Era. With several hundred

poems from more than one hundred poets, it reflected the poetic enthusiasm of the

It Thirties. helped and earlyTwenties arApril Conference activity creative andstimulate further

tistic development.

The new collection will, it is hoped, give further stimulation and encouragement topoetic progress. Poets are being asked to Specials

achieve publication in two or more acconditionceptable as one magazines of For the benefit of Conference visitors, we are offering some outthe anthology. any However,entry into

poems written since 1934, whether pubstanding values in L. D. S. Literature, general books and highlished or unpublished, may be submitted. grade merchandise during the Conference period, from April 1 to

will feature be A new a section of poems April 12.

for children. adultswritten by

to submit Persons poems who wish may Here are a few of our exceptional oilers in books:

Conference for information forms the prepaobtain and Special Regular ration of material autobiographical from to the Study of the Book of Mormon, An Introduction the of committee hope Culmsee.Dr. The.$3.50 $1.00 J. M. Sjodahl

is the that before the interval inin charge

Young, of Brigham will exLife deadline, create poets 15August 2.50 1.00 Gates and Widtsoe..... their polishtensively, seek pubwork, and

lication in reputable publications in Utah From Kirtland to Salt Lake 2.50 1.00

and elsewhere. The Voice of the Intangible -- 2.00 1.00

Soul's Fire 2.75 1.25

Smith, The Prophet Teacher, Joseph IN AGRICULTURE CAREERYOUR.50 B. H. Roberts - - -—1-50 P. Andersen. E. P. Dutton (Homer

& Co., Inc., N. Y 1940. 285 pages. Life of J. Golden Kimball - 2.50 1.25

$2.00.) Combination Offer

THIS stimulating message to American Life of Brigham Young youth comes from the pen of a young Life of J. Golden Kimball—both 2.00

qualified as a practical both hasman who journalist as a and writer. Homer Rasha The Jew..., - 1.25 1.00farmer and

History, 6 volumes Comprehensive reared a farm in onPaul Andersen was.....30.00 25.00 B. H. Roberts filled in a mission County, Utah;Cache

Denmark; and was the founder and first Documentary History, 7 volumes... 17.50 10.00

editor of American Farm Youth magazine; Their Gala Days, In Defense of the Mormons,

has served as associate editor of Boys'Cluff - 2.50 1.96

is of the editor ChurchLife; and now secBible Treasury,

his book, In the oftion Desecet News..49.... 1.50 Nelson

(later first in February, 1940 published prices, including: of other L. D. S. Literature at regular stock great Also a the author, printing) into second amoved

Colonizer, The Young, Brigham expression, of originality color andwith.....$3.00 Dr. R. Milton Hunter realistic agricultural of picture apresents

opportunities, contrasting the old with the Brigham Young, The Man and His Works, new, and also contrasting present limitaPreston Nibley 2.50

tions with future possibilities. Besides its Also a full supply of M. I. A. Reading Course Books, etc.

information practicaltechnical on difand of farming,ferent kinds and methods this suppliesSeminaryand aidsTeachersfor teachers.are invited to see our excellent stock of religious books, school

work will help form worthwhile attitudes visit the Deseret to Conference, you come When profession ennobling basic andtoward a lor sale. offerea attractive items other Gifts and Book WeCompany,carry theandlargestsee thestockmanyof qualified help that will young many Region. in Intermountain the men BooksBooks,

and women to find a more wholesome and more abundant way of life, on the soil.

The book is dedicated by the author "To life to his devoted Father, ray has who BOOK COMPANY DESERET also promboys."book farmguiding The Salt Lake City, Utah 44 East South Temple

useful a ises to guide young men to many career. R. L. E.

fcdii&iiaL

There are inferences to be drawn from this classic myth. One literal aspect of it is reminder that

THE GENERAL CONFERENCE close living to the soil is a source of physical and

The One Hundred and Eleventh Annual moraltion ofandwhatspiritualwe makestrength.the earthIt isn'tyield.only aItquesis a

Conference of the Church of Jesus Christ question also of what nearness to the "good earth"all of Latterday Saints will convene in the Tabproduces inside us—in all our thinking and in

ernacle, Salt Lake City, Utah, Friday, Saturour approaches to the issues of life. Economically,

a life close to the soil is a source of strength, as it day, and Sunday, April 4, 5, and 6, with also is morally and spiritually.

general sessions each day at 10 a. m. and

This is the verdict of history as far back as it 2 p. m. The general Priesthood meeting will goes. This is the counsel of all our leaders in this

be held in the Tabernacle on Saturday, April dispensation. Joseph Smith, in his community plan-

5, at 7 p. m. ning, made provision for each man to have a plot of

ground sufficiently large to keep his feet close to

Earth. Brigham Young reiterated the principle

times without number—and then proceeded to demonstrate it in the building of the West. Every

leader of Zion since then has urged our people to keep their roots in the soil. President Heber J.

Grant has often publicly made the statement to the

The First Presidency. effect that if it weren't for new blood from the

country, the cities would perish with selfbred recoginternationally Widtsoe, A. Dr. John The Presiding Bishopric announce that a decay. reagriculture, has in field of the nized authority

meeting of Bishoprics and Stake and Ward peatedly declared his hope that the time would never

Aaronic Priesthood workers will be held in come when the greater part of our people would not the Tabernacle Sunday morning, April 6, at "live on the land,"and this teaching is reflected in 7:30 a. m., to which Stake Presidencies and our preaching and practice, and is a dominant feature of the present Church Welfare program.

High Councilors are cordially invited.

Those peoples, those nations, and those civiliza-

A meeting for all Stake Presidencies, Mistions which have become predominantly urban have sion Presidents, Ward Bishoprics, Ward not fared well in times of crises. Once removed

Welfare Committees, Relief Society Presifrom the soil, they lose its guarantees of security dencies, and Priesthood Quorum officers will and survival, and, what is more, they lose the that outlook fundamentally sound and wholesome be held in the Assembly Hall, Saturday, April of strength. They this universal source comes from

5, at 7:45 a. m., for the consideration of matlose moral force, a dependable sense of values,

ters to be presented by the General Welfare rugged selfdependence, and virility of manhood.

Committee. And so, as the coming of another spring turns

our thoughts again to pursuits of the soil, we say to the Latterday Saints as it has been said all through the years: If you have a farm, farm it.

Don't give up your land until you have looked at all sides of the question. Don't lose it by indulging

'"The story of Antaeus has often been told, but we in the terrible luxury of overindebtedness. Don't through sustain that might you sacrifice a birthright to allude once more temptation resist the cannot well not so be might otherwise crises which mythology. character of Greek celebrated to this roots to Earth. your Keep close weathered. Keep

It will be well remembered that this giant, the in the soil and face the storms with a greater asson of Poseidon, was a wrestler whose strength was surance than can they who have been uprooted by invincible so long as he remained in contact with those conditions and circumstances which cause his mother, Earth. Strangers who came to his them to live from hand to mouth, once removed from

country were compelled to wrestle with him, and this great source of strength.

many such, not knowing the source of his strength, consuch each with Earth, but to him throw would the Antaeus, story of for the say we So much those who greater power, and gain tact would he this represents and mankind, account, in who, rise than stronger he giant, find him would him threw that represents purposes, for our who, Hercules, fell. unfortunate way of living which holds a man away

Hercules, however ( so runs the story ), was adfrom the lifegiving security of mother Earth.

vised of these circumstances, and so, when he enThe Latterday Saints must be proof against any countered Antaeus he avoided throwing him down. false standards or perishable doctrines that would

Rather, he lifted him high, where, removed from lead them in great numbers to be uprooted from the strengthgiving Earth, Antaeus weakened and the soil, there to lose physical strength and suffer was strangled in mid air. moral and spiritual deterioration. R, L. E.

to be the first to go down on earth to take upon themselves earthbodies, and to become the earthlyEvidences and parents and heads of the race of men to be born on earth.

The education of the spirit children of God wasreconciliations to be exacting. For a great gift one must labor

much. They would go to the earth in forgetfulness

xxxvL. U)haL 9a. Uul Wjianinq. of the past, depending upon their own free agency,

to be clothed in bodies of "earthelement,"provided d$, thsL GlonsumsmL? by their earthly parents; subject to the conditions

of earth, instead of the perfected state of their spirit home.

HpHE universe is dual: spiritual and material, comMore terrifying was another requirement. Someposed of "spiritelement"and "matterelement."time in their earth career under the operation of the

closely interwoven, are realms perhaps twoThese earth, their bodies bodies provided the on law which ultimate source; they are yet of the same in called them, a process be separated from distinct would

in their nature. Mastery of the universe means acdeath, and they would for a time be so separated

quaintanceship with and control of both of these until divine forces acting under a higher law, rein divisions of universe the elemental which we celestialized for purified an the live. united body, and

birth, spirit earth All before the and, a had men it spirit, eternal existence, because the which, with life, called lived created, often a preexistentwas this eternal. planalso All of is a child was God, is

first spirit existence, that estate. In children the the

of God, later to become the men and women of nedeternalfor progressthe educationamidstoftheman,elementsand toofinsurethe unihis earth, possessed the faculties we enjoy here. They verse.

could learn, choose, grow or retrograde even as on earth. God, their Father, provided means for their Clearly, the processes involved in the operation

development, but did not rob them of their free of the Plan are beyond the full comprehension of agency. (Doctrine and Covenants, 29:35.) man. Yet enough has been revealed to make the

These preexistent beings possessed only bodies essentials of man's entrance upon earth, and proof "spiritelement."Therefore, they were limited gress in the hereafter, understandable to the human

to an intimate acquaintanceship with the spirit mind.

world. The material world could not be satisfacTo subject an eternal being to the dominion of

torily explored, nor known and controlled by beings "earthelement"—that is, to forgetfulness, with the

having only spirit bodies as their means of commany vicissitudes of earth, and eventual death munication. Nevertheless, their divine destiny was appeared to be a descent in power and state. The

domination, would have to break, or set aside, an—toto knowbecomethe wholelike theiruniverseFather.to whichTo theydo thisbelongedthey first man, to bring himself under such dominion and

needed to acquire bodies of "matterelement"established law; but unless this were done, the Plan

later to become refined and celestialized. Such could not be inaugurated. Man, made to walk

material bodies would be tools by which the deupright, must bend his back through the tunnel sired knowledge of the world of matter might be through the mountain which leads to a beautiful known, and controlled for man's progress. valley. Adam and Eve accepted the call to initiate

When God, the Father of the spirits of men, the Plan, and subjected themselves to earth condisaw that His children were ready for the knowltions. That was the socalled Fall of Adam, an act

edge of the material world, He called them together necessary for the winning of bodies of earthelement to discuss their further education. In the great by man, and for the fulfilment of divine law.

council which followed (Moses, 4:1-3; Abraham, (Moses, 4:7-13; 5:10, 11.) Just how this "Fall"

3:2228; Doctrine and Covenants, 29:36; 76:25was accomplished is not known, and probably can29), the Father presented a plan for this further not be understood by the mortal mind. One thing

education known as the Plan of Salvation, or the must be kept in mind: The Fall was not a sin. It

Gospel of Jesus Christ. This Plan was accepted was a necessary act in a series of acts by which

by twothirds of the council, and rejected by oneultimately all men will win an eternal possession third. There was no chance for neutrality. The of their earthbodies. In the Gospel sense, the

Plan had to be accepted or not accepted. The fall of Adam brought life not death into man's

sorrow of the opponents to the Plan is that they eternal existence.

cannot acquire matterbodies which would give Here then, would be the condition of man after he them knowledge and power that they must now be had acquired an "earthly body"and then was sepwithout. arated from it by the process called death: He was

The Plan provided that "matterelement"should rich in earth experience but without the earthbody be collected and made into an earth, as a schoolto be used by him as an eternal tool to help him win house, upon which the spirits of men might dwell his eternal place among the realities of the universe.

with earthbodies, in pursuit of their preparation for The "Fall of Adam"had made possible the earth the more complete mastery of the universe. The eldexperience, but another act was necessary to restore

est spiritson of God, known to us as Jesus, the the body of the earth, purified and fitted for eternal

Christ, was chosen to lead in the execution of the life, to the eternal spirit. Someone had to effect

Plan; and Adam, another among the chief sons of a reunion of body and spirit and fit the body for

God, and Eve, who was his wife, were chosen eternal existence. Some- (Continued on page 253)

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

WALKING WITH THEIR PARENTS Dr. W, T. Cannon

HPhe average child almost deifies its parents, and little tots dressed for Sunday School or for a walk with their parents reveal by the expression on their faces something of the joy they get from such an experience.

In times of turmoil, selfishness, and strife, if we are going to prepare our children to help make this world a better and happier place to live in we must introduce religion into their lives as a vital force. We must teach

them to love their neighbors and teach them that there are better things in this world than the grabbing of money and the pursuit of pleasure.

Religion has been taken out of our schools, and the Bible is no longer read and referred to in the home. The consequence is that our

penitentiaries and reformatories are filled to overflowing with boys and girls that are just starting out in life.

One of the great commandments is to honor the Sabbath Day, to keep it holy, which many of us are disregarding. We are taking our

families on pleasure trips; we are cutting our lawns and tinkering around

our homes instead of taking our children by the hand and going to a place of worship.

We have shifted the responsibility of training our children to the neighbors and the school. Our children

are allowed to roam around, and we are not as careful of their associations as we should be. In many instances we are not teaching by precept and by example the necessity

for refraining from the tobacco and liquor habit. Our children are

growing up with the idea that to smoke or to drink is rather smart and clever.

Because children are so inclined parents parents, their with to walk A they walk. careful where be must Elsie is, of course, typical of all cows who produce Utah Product milk for Borden's. She's healthy, happy—and can

she produce!

Well, you should taste the milk she gives—the disunite diow—

with Irradiated Borden's and evaporated milk by off, without all it's cleaned Swish—and Vitamin D. sunshine the rubbing. What's without water,

In those richness sealed flavor, smoothness, Such Simply of course. Vano, magic? Why,

several, cans. today! St. milk Charles Buy Borden's dirt. it off the rub with and cloth your wet

For that glorious spring buildup—visit

IF IT'S BORDEN'S, IT'S GQI TO BE 600D any of the beauty shops advertised in this

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

Homing THE ADVERTISERS magazine. They'll refresh you and reand Where You Will Find yourself.furbish you and restore your confidence in

Their Messages Alexandria Hotel -—247

Beesley Music Co. 238

Beneficial Life Insurance Co HT'o save the back part of the cuff of...Back Cover your trousers from rubbing on the

Bennett Glass 6 Paint Co 245 Company.....Bluhill Cheese 198 floorthe trouserof your legcar whentight driving,around justthe pullleg,

Borden's St. Charles Evaporated then clip a spring clothespin in front,

Milk 226 close to the leg. It saves a lot of cleanBrigham Young University.... 244 ing bills and takes only a moment to

Cloverleaf Dairy Company 247 adjust. L, C. H., Bell, California.

Continental Oil Co 198 Daynes Music Company 228, 238 HTo keep my spools of thread orderly

Deere > Company. 193 and at my finger tips, I took a oneDeseret Book Company 223 halfinch board—3 by 18 (these dimenDeseret News Press 254 sions may, of course, vary) and painted

closet. linen the inside to match of myEimco 195 it Company

I this painted Into drove board two - TO HELP YOU GETFirst Security Corporation Banks nails finishing rows of on which Inside Front Cover my "SPICKAND-SPAN"fit. I nailed spools This "spool board".......200Fuller Paint & Glass Co

door. linen closet to inside of the is for Spring helper your my magic VANOGlade Candy 250 Company housecleaning! colors of the at see a glance I can now

BrothersGlen Music 238 Co I is is a there sensational thread time have, chemical and no new VANO

Milling Co...226, GrainGlobe 248 & that quickly not lost discovery—in a soap—for spool searching that wasted

fingergrease, and grimeHall's Canker Remedy 247 and all painted enameled of thread. V. D. N Preston, Idaho. removesmarksHotel Utah 242 walls, as such woodwork, surfaces—from

Hovey Press 255 Tn winding wool into balls for knitting Venetian blinds, linoleum, stoves.

International Harvester Co 197 purposes, leave the first end out about VANO is gentle—but how quickly

it It's dirt easily vanish! makes and ball, six the inches.Iron Proceed to make Age 247

streak doesn't odorless a liquid—hangnot to cover taking care the end InsideKSL Back Cover soft. a your hands what And—clear,leaves in ing the placing out by thumb it is full at a quart! this value only 29 cents S. Business College 252L. D.

this of the space, around winding end for grocer your wonderworking Ask TractorLandes S Equipment Co...201

ball will the completed, When It will today. take the drudgVANOLankershim 193 ball. Hotel

cleaning! ball center. does out ery of Spring from the Manuunwind The

Morgro.: 230 not roll away, but stays stationary factured by Chemicals Inc., 155 SanMountain Fuel Supply Co..196 until all is used up. Mrs. E. L., Glensome Street, San Francisco.

Mountain States Implement Co... 199 wood, Alberta, Canada.

Ogden School of Beauty Culture. 228

Par Soap... 230 "Dub a thin layer of liquid wax over

Peter Pan Cafe 253 your window sills occasionally.

Pioneer Minced Razor Clams 231 You will find this keeps the sills much

Prudential Federal Savings and easier to dust and care for. It proLoan Assn..245 tects the sills from water spotting also.Purex Corporation, Ltd 229—Mrs. B. B., Olympia, Washington.

Purity Biscuit Company 248 Quish School of Beauty Culture..246

Royal Baking Company 243 r Safeway Stores, Inc. 251 CoriierSalt Lake Stamp & Stencil Co 193 itpohsStandard Brands of Calif.....255 Qj

StarKist Tuna -198 By Barbara Badger Burnett

Sugar House Lumber Co 242 Asparagus and Tuna Croquettes

Taylor Jewelry Company 244 Union Pacific Stages 255 1 can flaked tuna

University of Utah 249 2 cups cooked asparagus

Utah Engraving Company 255 1 cup mushroom soup

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co.....201 2 tablespoons butter

Utah Oil Refining Co 253 2 tablespoons flour

Utah Poultry Prod. Coop. Assn—230 salt

Utah Savings Bank & Trust Co...250 1 egg

Utah State Agricultural College.-246 dry bread crumbs

Vano Household Cleaner 227 Cut asparagus in inch pieces and cook

Wasatch Chemical Co. 230 until tender in boiling salted water. Melt

stir butter, in flour the the the add and.197Wayside Farm

until Stir thick smooth. and Add 243 soup.Wheeler, Reynolds, & Stauffer cool. asparagus. the tuna Season and and

White Star Tuna 228 Shape into croquettes. Egg and crumb

Wilson's Book Store.....246 and fry in deep hot fat until brown.

(Continued on page 228) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

INDIVIDUAL Homing (Continued from page 227) Carrot Nests

2 cups mashed or strained carrots 4 tablespoons melted butter '.

salt and pepper 1 cup cooked green peas 1 2 tablespoons butter 2 tablespoons flour Yi cup evaporated milk Yi cup water 1 egg yolk

Add the 4 tablespoons butter to the carrots. Season with salt and pepper and

whip until fluffy. Shape into nests on a

buttered baking pan and bake at 400 until slightly browned. Remove to serving

places with a flat server and fill with the following sauce: Melt the 2 tablespoons

butter, add the flour and the milk and and water gradually. Stir until thick and

smooth. Season, add the beaten egg yolk

and the peas.

Rhubarb and Pineapple Salad and 6 labels from Ch icken of the Sea Brand 1 package pineapple gelatin dessert.

Grated Style Tuna or White Star Tuna 1 cup cooked rhubarb 1 cup cold water ou've dreamed X of 6 slices pineapple set a canned owning preventive nutritional of goiter!

cottage cheese smart, of California modern potsix cans Get of this famous tuna nuts chopped tery plates like these! Finished at salad dressing cream whipped in today grocer's., your.and order

the new "Mat White"color that your first Entree and Salad Plate. lettuce

"goes"perfectly with any tableThere are so different many ways Bring of cooked sweetened 1 cup and design! ware to point... the boiling over of preparing Pour tuna. both hot and rhubarb

stir gelatin until the pineapple disand exquisite These plates are not cold... you'll to want serve it often solved. cold into water and pour Add the available in are stores.They offered family... your will love it! firm. until Chill molds. a well Arrange

only to users ofChicken of the Sea Send six labels, with 25c in cash, drained pineapple slice on lettuce. Place

a salad top of pineapple. mold on with Brand and Star Top White Tuna... the O., or check M. (postage stamps not

in salad dressing proportions equal mixed accepted) for famous each Plate brands that wish. pack you only the Simwith cream. with small whipped Garnish ply write "Send Entree Salad me and delicious light meat! Healthful, rolled balls nuts. cheese cottage in chopped Plates"print and your and adname too! Contains Vitamins and "A"plainly. dress to Send Van Sea Camp Butterscotch Pie Pecan Iodine, and "D"that effective Inc., Food Co. Terminal Island, Calif.

See outserts on top oftuna cans for other 1 package butterscotch pudding valuable pottery offers 2 cups milk 1 pie shell pecan nuts whipped cream

Add Yi cup milk to the pudding and stir until smooth. Add the rest of the milk and

cook, stirring constantly until the boiling point is reached and the pudding is thick and smooth. Cool slightly and pour into a

baked pie shell. Cover the top with pecan

halves and bake in a moderate oven until the nuts begin to brown. Cool and top

with sweetened whipped cream.

Easter Basket Cakes

2 cups cake flour 34 teaspoon salt 3 teaspoons baking powder Yl cup shortening sugar 1 cup milk cupENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW 3 $25. Complete Discount on a in music We specialize CULTURE IN BEAUTY vocal COURSE stocks for forandchurchesinstrumentaland schools.solos, Yi3 teaspoonegg whiteslemon extract LargeMUSIC

A State Accredited School forchoirs,musicbandsfor L. D.andS. organizations.orchestras. HeadquartersMail orders Sift flour once, measure, add salt and

Ogden School of Beauty Culture filledcial lists.promptly or write for catalogues and spebakingthe shortening,powder; addsift thethreesugartimes.gradually;Cream

flour light. the until milk Egyptian Theatre OGDEN, UTAH andOver cream Add CO. MUSIC DAYNES

beating mixture, alternately to creamed patronage solicit your We -Name flavorafter addition; hard each add Salt St. Lake City batter 47 So. Main

Address.City State ing. Fold in stiffbeaten egg whites. Bake

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

Homing Now bleaching can be in colored baking cups at 375. Frost the

tops with white frosting. Sprinkle finely

the green around edge cocoanutchopped in the as easy on your linens three small Easter place eggsand center. Make handles with twisted stick

candy by warming in the oven until soft enough to bend. Stick into cake and tie as just plain washing!

a bow of ribbon on top.

On the Book Rack (Concluded from page 223) IN FACT, Purex, the newPIONEER STORIES (A collection of previously published type ControlledAction stories by many authors, assembled under one cover by Preston Nibley bleach, used with reasonable for the Presiding Bishopric. Deseret care, is actually less hard on

News Press, 1940. 328 pages. $1.00.)

HPhroughout the decades of the past linens than the extra rubbing * century many true stories have been necessary to get them white published by and about our leaders and pioneer personalities. These stories, more the ordinary way.

thrilling than fiction, more impressive to youth than formal preachment, with their great lessons of life, have appeared from time to time in M. I. A., Sunday School,

and Priesthood publications, in the Im provement Era, The Instructor, and in other magazines and publications that have been circulated throughout the Church. But a

story in an old magazine or an old manual is all but buried, and these stories were too good to bury. Besides, we now have another generation us. with so, the And

Presiding Bishopric published has of How ControlledAction Purex takes the Danger out of Bleaching forty them under one cover at a price that all can afford. Boys and girls are reading them

with more interest than they read fiction.

They are "heman"stories, each with an unforgettable lesson. The authors include

Joseph F. Smith, Anthony W. Ivins, Lucy

Mack Smith, and many others who knew Inferior bleaches often vary greatly in life when it wasn't easy and who tell about strength from bottle to bottle. One botThus, with Purex, when you follow the

it thrillingly. Every family should have this tle is weak, the next one strong. You simple directions, your bleaching solucollection of Pioneer Stories—and less cheap never know how much to use. tion is never too weak, never too strong.

fiction will be read by the children in those This action is due to the exclusive homes where this book is available.—R. L. E. AlkalimetricControlledby which Purex is made. Intrafil Process

LOVE AT THE THRESHOLD All cottons and linens, including the (Frances Bruce Strain. Appletonfinest satin damasks, the most delicate

Century Company, New York, 1940. safely with whitened Venise, be may

pages. $2.25.)336 Bleach damage caused by these infelast will no as if as long Purex, and

and as a thinning occurs products author, published has bleach were used, or slightly longer. two prerior whoTHE followed fabric fibres, by of weakening vious has books, taken the necessary

time to question boys and girls, men and the familiar fraying along folds and in women, concerning their interests, their spots previously stained.

dislikes, thislikes and about matter of strength. the has always same Purexfriendship, love, marriage. and Handling store at from random taken Bottlesit in does, she easy, as informal an manner, active in loss average an shelves show in giving touchesshe fundamentals points

fresh, snowywhite of hypochlorite) not have (sodium ingredient Why living. socialfor happier dithree The

its with after linens Purex five always, when months cent per onehalf onlyvisions: dating, will romance, and marriage

this so easy alControlled-Action makes Purex Furthermore, manufacture. the subject. theindicate of scope she That

everywhi grocers'safe? At and so speed. its at the same work does ways the to son,dedicated her book and prefaced

it by addressing some of the young people whose ideas she had asked should be proof that she considered the matter serious enough to be seriously considered.

Young people will find much to help them in adjusting socially, which is perhaps the most important adjustment they are called to make. Mrs. Strain has made a

that to helpful will provebook young should parents andsons be read by who perif EP Sim 1KBm perplexed theirare themselves concerning growingup children. All through the book, THE ControlledAction BLEACH

she emphasizes the value of the home. Most

parents need to read the book in order to see how they may open their homes more folk in orderto young a to give them wholeFOR THE WOMAN WHO VALUES HER LINENS for living. backgroundsome M. C. J.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

Orrin Porter Rockwell USE

entertainer to relation of able the less It's ORGROthe 1 PERFECT UTAH executioner."one of pleasant Suds (Continued from page 207) for FERTILIZER

Plenty of rich, foamy suds is UTAH SHRUBS—FLOWERS—

evidence of a good soap. But Aore appreciative is the appraisal and Lawns

the proof of a good soap lies in that Remy and Brenchly give of the results. PAR gives you their friend, Porter Rockwell: Callfr

the evidence and the both sufficiently is person a "Rockwell Co. Chemical Wasatch

proof. of history the Morthe well known in 2225 So. 5th East Street

mons for us to bestow a word on him. Salt Lake City, Utah

He is a man without much education, Branches in Ogden—Provo

and of very ordinary intelligence, but at the same time extremely amiable and polite, with exceedingly distinguished and graceful manners. He has an imposing look, with a dash of the aristotratic in it, which is also perceptible

in his small, plump, fair, and wellmade hands.evidence,—andHe has manybeen accused,still persiston noin accusing him—of having, in May, 1842,

fired a pistol at Governor L. W. Boggs,

of Missouri. We will not attempt to

settle the question either one way or the other. Rockwell is a man as vehement

in his hatred as in his friendship. His

attachment to Joseph Smith may have the desire to and compass impelled him of EAT MILKWHITE EGGS enemies the greatest of death of one the Mormons. Fanaticism and affection may have directed Rockwell's arm

Quick, ample suds makes in this criminal act, and it is by no FOR VITAMINSMINERALS washing easier, better. And means impossible that the Church will

free insures in "Pyro"the this PAR account, on him one day revere as The egg is a treasuresource of ring is rerinsing, no of elsewhere scummy and the Judith memory around the tub. Try vered. What appears clear, too, is that minerals, of vitamins, of protein.

of doing is incapable wrong Rockwell that the impression he is Eat more eggs for health! Choose under except

doing right; so persuaded are we of "Milk White"Eggs for their high

this, that we would trust him with life standard of quality. "Milk White"PAR and property without hesitation. He is

a lion in a lamb's skin, that we admit; chickens are scientifically fed and

but a brave and generous lion, full of heart and greatness, capable of the cared for. Ask your grocer for SOAP grandest devotedness, ready to sacrifice "Milk White"Eggs and poultry

for next week's washing and himself in behalf of anyone who has see the difference. And start gained his esteem, without exception products—they are the best you

your set of lovely California of sect or person, whether Jews, Pagans, can buy!

table pottery which PAR brings Mussulmans, or Mormons. He is of

you. the stuff from which heroes are wrought,

and if the blood of heroes can be inferred from the expression of the face, "Milk White"Eggs are used or the qualities of the heart, one would in all M. I. A. Cooking Schools

swear there were traces of a lofty orIt is he who is ever at hand Conference Broadcast igin in him.

where there is perilous service to be 198) page (Concluded from crime to be avenged, a accomplished, a UTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS'as the waters changing aie as The messages can be of sacrifice to be which made are depth length and whose of a stream oppressed. to the it was advantage He lasting persists, there COOPERATIVE ASSOCIATION more But unknown. to put wished Valley who at Carson of reconfirming tne solemn history, than

the ancient prophecy. himself at the head of a company of

"This gospel of the kingdom shall be volunteers for the purpose of avenging preached in all the world."our reported death; and yet we were

The mind continues its questioning. "How entire strangers to him then; but our

can this be done, when there are but two boldness, our rashness possibly, in exprovince, a city, to a dozen to a missionaries desert, in the alone ourselves posing millions lation numbering score in a a for place us a him, and touched won of had people?"in his affection. He proposed to escort

The dream fades, the reality of the presus as far as California, and had we ent returns, toe question is answered: accepted his offer, he would have ac-

"Do not cetract from the spirit of the broadcast by coughing. We are speaking 1 Fit: Hugh Ludlow, The Heart of the Continent, pp.

to an innumerable multitude."353361. Hurd 6 Houghton, 1870, New York.

Orrin Porter Rockwell companied us happy and content, without the remotest thought of any advantage to himself, proud of being able to give us this proof of his sincere regards."2

Whatever extremes Porter's weaknesses may have reached for

Valley Tan [whiskey], he maintained respect and consideration for his Church and its leaders. In their

presence Porter was ever at his best, both in appearance and manners.

Gottfredson relates such an experience in the following account:

"... While I was conversing with

the President, Orrin Porter Rockwell called and gave President Young an account of the affair with the Indians at

Pleasant Grove. I listened very attentively to his recital of the matter...

"O. Porter Rockwell while at Pleasant Grove was taken to be slightly in- '%

toxicated. He was active in moving

among the crowd at the soldiers'camp; tf v

this all seems very distinct even now;

I thought him almost silly with drink and had little respect for him until this interview with President Young. On

that occasion he was well dressed in a black broadcloth suit, wore neatly polished shoes and a black silk hat; his

language was free and grammatical. Iconcluded that Rockwell lived a double "M-M-MMlife in the interest of his friends and

God's cause on earth. I will ever remember him with esteem."3 CLAM

( To be Concluded) "M-m-mm's the word"for piping hot soup—or chowder

-Jules Julius Brenchly, Remy & it's A Journey of Pioneer Razor Clams! Minced when made

Salt 2, City, Vol. 314315. Lake London. pp. to GreatW.—

Jeffs, 1861. cold, rare razor sprayThese clams a few come from Gottfredson. 'Peter History Indian Depredations of

in Utah. p. 118, Salt Lake City. Utah. Skelton Pubdrenched beaches on North Pacific ocean. The catch is

1919,lishing Co.,

m limited... yet, even so, only the pure, clean white

meats go into each can of Pioneer Clams—flavorIndian Artifacts sealed by an exclusive process in their own natural

(Concluded from page 216) nectar.

A[r. Payne was impressed by the You'll find many ways to serve Pioneer Clams—from

difference in relics found on the nectar cocktails and soup courses to onedish casseold lake shore line and those farther roles. So buy the pantryhandy package of three cans

out in the lake. It strongly sug-... one for now, one for company and one for emergested that there were two distinct gencies.

periods of occupation, one of great antiquity. Also, there are two types

of symbolic Indian writings found in this area which indicate the presence of ancient peoples who have long since vanished from this region.

One type consists of paintings ( pictographs ) in red, yellow, and green ochre found on the walls of caves. Featured at your

The other type consists of carvings grocer's now...

( petroglyphs ) which are confined to rocky bluffs in a place called Tulelake Peninsula. These writings canCAN

not be read today by the Indians PANTRYRANDY ancestors werewhose successors to PACKAGE writings. of thethe authors

It is most reasonable from the evidence that there were at least two separate peoples upon this continent,one of which was much more ancient PI ONEERiWtAZOR CLAMS than the other.

illlelchizedeirPriesthood

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

course, there several are other Displays. displays suitPoster are TheseA Word of Caution Concerning ableOf types. every Let exchanged quorum make the wards to keep among

the Grand Coulee Project, sure that a requisite number of socials constantly before the people pertinent

Washington are provided during the year. Rich messages relative to the evils of using

results will follow. liquor and tobacco.

(Concluded from page 201) Franklin F. Fish, committee chairthis to of has say Wilford Ward, A Needed Reminder man investigations include themention, but

in his the posters use of about ward: irriclearingstudies land of and grading,

in the Priesthood very quorum of adaptability crops methods,gating and set of the In use a Wilford we Ward *#"Plivestock, arrangements, farmstead lowChurch, Aaronic, Melchizedek and truth posters of containing famous gems by capital buildings, requirementscost farm First that well the be reminded may position in are our of a people country who other matters and management, manyand it the Presidency has "with charged to facts the destructive the about know operation, development andbearing farm on its effects liquor responsibility the of (a) keeping tobacco of and upon own of studies well problems asas community the favorable position body, and human free of using the vice from members electrical services, water highways, assuch these of the of those use harmful shun who assisting alcohol (b) tobacco, and and locations,supplies, educational and town poisons.."all likewise."to others charge.. This do facilities. recreationaland different morning two Sunday Each letter in contained Council to the a that the estimated average "It been has was posters class are in of placed each room

lie will rightsfor between and $85.00 water in of published Twelve, ImproveThe at the the of three end and a ward months

that the annual acre mainper and$100.00 it still is Era, 1938, February, ment and these period are for posters exchanged

will expenses average operatingtenance and in force. other stake. from the of Therefore, wards

existing acre. per $2.60 auUnderabout class difthe of each It is has reports the room ward that regrettably case two Interior the of thethority Secretary may ferent posters for each year. a whole week of nearly every Melquorum show first the for of the water datedefer payment

in has Priesthood chizedek the Church not ten years, forcosts to exceed a period is sufficient."In to the wise A "hint a settler, tamper more financial of the few members the burdento ease who activities stake or every various to further

charges, without constructionafter less liquor. which with tobacco and The apthe interests of our campaign should beinterest, of a period be spread over may these winning of proved method memin progress..".. years.40 is universally abstinence bers our to

the of "Appraisals used the lands'based on missionary method of personal The Relief Society Helps irrigated value—thelands are contact. of theearning power by nonirrigatedland—determined

its character and use, without reference to And the requirement is made of the HPhe Relief Society is again rendering the prospect of irrigation. From less than presidency of every Priesthood quorum, effective aid in our campaign. This

$5.00 per acre, in the case of raw desert Melchizedek and Aaronic, that they consists of the distribution to all the

rangeland, values appraised to more this that is employed than see method better, for the improved wheat$30.00 in their quorum. addict every Wewithare homesyoung people,in the Church,of a folderwhereentitledihere "Inare..."lands.

engaged in a struggle for the right. jurious Effects Resulting From The

We cannot, we must not give up. So Moderate Use of Alcohol"written by

Quorum Socials wise, energetic, tactful and persistent Colonel L. Mervin Maus of the Medical

efforts should continue with every adCorps of the U. S. Army. This paper

'T'he officers of every Priesthood dict until victory is won. Let those is a valuable contribution to our cause

* quorum are continually looking for responsible see that the Quarterly Reof establishing the fact that "strong interest in the increase work tomeans ports show progress in these matters. truth drink is for the not good man"—a

its of the activity their andof quorum to the revealed Prophet Lord Joseph members. A very helpful means to this Smith in 1833.

is social funcproves, experienceend, frequently. or lesstions, held more A NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO

recently usedsuccessful type by the CAMPAIGN QUORUM PROJECTS of Seventy at Raymond. 145th Quorum

Taylor Stake, consists of a general What is Your Quorum Doing?

hand shake, dancing, program numThe Grant Stake Convention music, instrumental singing, ofbers /"\n February 16, 1941, Grant Stake Wasatch Stake Seventies talks, refreshments, shortstories and etc. During the dance a frequent V"held a very successful convention The 96th Quorum of Seventies of the

at demits was which house in stake efforts of the Stake, through is Wasatch made. partners ofchange

is being done that the onstrated work of the stake presidency and members sufficient is time hours three About stake comthe of auspices the under projcouncil, the given the high were type the of program mixed ato make camin NoLiquor-Tobacco our mittee furnishing the Light of and ect Heber enjoyable. satisfactory andindicated

organizations and paign. methods The three hundred with elaborate Company Power be not need music danceThe were in the campaign them used by fiftyone poles. light were is memThere get to objective expensive.or The

interesting highly in a demonstrated this of in number the in quorum, and bers other one every meet toeveryone that certainly proved It program. was fiftysix of work. nineteen days feldonated fine joy, fun of and atmospherean

is is will there a way."there a "where the time appointed went an men Atlowship. a permit will not in this issue Space into worked. timber the and Some place, to affairs take are social When is Stake of Grant description what equal for paid an not could go all atwho to get to efforts should be made

this that however, hope, doing. total thirtyone labor. of of We amount been has A a member tend. Many issue. in the done be can May project. the part in took members Two door the activity through intobrought

of social events. We now mention only one feature of the brethren were given work for

One type of social is indicated above. of the campaign in Grant Stake thirty days each. After the poles had

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

been delivered and all expenses paid, the project netted the quorum $229.44.

Besides this, they furnished the stake

Welfare committee with eight hundred pounds of meat, and the wives of the members made two quilts, sold them, and gave the money to the quorum.

Brother Vernon H. Probst, who

makes the report, states:

We feel that the projects also added to the fraternal spirit of the quorum and that we are in a much better position to tackle a bigger project this year.

Clawson Ward HThe Clawson Ward in Teton Stake * knows how to put over a job in fast order. one mornAt ten o'clock

ing last summer, fifty men with GROUP ATTENDINGSEPTEMBER, REUNION1940. IT FORIS THEIRRETURNEDHOPE THATMISSIONARIESTHIS WILLOFBECOMEONEIDAAN ANDANNUALFRANKLINEVENT. STAKES,

fiftyfive horses, nine tractors fully equipped, and one truck, met on a fortyacre tract owned by the ward.

By four p. m. the full forty acres had

been plowed, harrowed, drilled, and cultipacked. The fence around the entire field had been repaired.

At noon on this day the Relief Society served lunch to all the men. The

stake presidency of Teton Stake, in making this report, stated: "By 4 o'clock

all the men had left for their homes with a feeling of appreciation for the privilege of assisting in the great Welfare WEISER STAKE MISSIONARIES AT THE ALBERTA TEMPLE, CARDSTON, CANADA.

work."

2. Presiding function not inherent

in Priesthood of any man Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, May, 1941 (a) Only by appointment and

Text: Priesthood and Church Government. acceptance by the Church

(See also supplementary readings, problems, and projects below) (b) Example of Joseph Smith ( 1 ) As Prophet, Seer, and LESSON XLIX zation. What has distinguished each adRevelator,God and heldcalledkeys ofof

special the ministration? has been What indelast dispensation President of the Office of ChurchThe

contribution Preshas of each each? How of voice of pendent 19, 251254) Chapter (Read pp.

fill to particular the in ident turn seemed people organization of of I. Consideration times? of the conditions needs and as President the of But (2) text, in (see outline p. 251) Church its 2. office in President the of Consider to subject acChurch, a. councils Presiding legislative, threefold executive, capacity: the ceptance people by b. the Priesthood of Divisions judicial. position In does powers, and how b. of the authority Twelve: The c. Auxiliaries this differ office that of of president from witness Smith's concerning Joseph d. Specialized agencies Church governing other body? any the of Supplekeys (See power officer II. presiding as President The 3. as the has aphow, Church Show mentary Readings No. 2) the Priesthood a. Presides over organization, complete more proached many 1. of Brigham Testimony Young: b. the over Presides Church whole direct of matters the the concern once Apostles"are not without "You c. fulness of keys Possesses officers, referred to other President been have 2. of the Testimony Orson Hyde: all 1. auof holds Council Twelve jurisdictions. councils, and the the of burden shoulders on thority and keys 4. right Distinguish clearlv the between Twelve in 2. jurisdiction actual vested But right self revelation for to the receive and 3. of Kimball: C. Heber Testimony President it for to for the receive or whole Church of as Young, Brigham head aucannot be (a) There two office the Cite within given Church. a Council, lawful successor ities jurisdiction equal with lie illustrations specific that within your own 4. of Testimony Wilford Woodthere (b) quobe can But two observation. experience and ruff: ordikey, every "Every Priestholding rums same

hood and authority nance, every principle, every

III. The President as Prophet, Seer, and LESSON L Priesthood..."(See SuppleRevelator Succession in the Presidency mentary Readings No. 3)

a. President receives revelation for (Read Chapter 19, pp. 254258) 5. Testimony of Parley P. Pratt:

the the sealing keys of power the as whole Church a President conferred Smith Joseph on by b. Officers receive revelation for I. Choosing may

President dissolves First a. Death of of as president Bringham Young particular sphere

Presidency the Twelve receive revelation c. Individuals may

b. Original jurisdiction rests with IV. Trial President of a for personal guidance

revelaCouncil of Twelve: under a. officer to the answerable Every as President exemplar IV. The

tion, appoints sucnominates and Church a. Called of God

cessor. b. President "shall be had in remem- b. with Apostleship Endowed

of confirmed vote people by brance the council before common to perform- c. Choice c. Dedicated exemplary

ance of duties, obedience to Gospel II. Principles of succession (See Suppleof the Church (the Presiding Bishmentary Readings No. 1 opric) assisted by twelve counProblems and projects: a. The Presidency an office, not a selors of the High Priesthood"

1. Assign brief histories to be given of special Priesthood Problems and projects:

the administration of each of the seven 1. Derives all its authority from 1. Have someone, correctly informed,

Presidents of the Church since its organithe Priesthood (Continued on page 242)

Q laronicTriesthood CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

Aaronic Priesthood EXTENSION PLAN SIMPLIFIED FOR

Thirteenth in a series of articles GREATER CLARITY AND EFFICIENCY written by the late Elder Orson F. HH'o insure wider application of the They may, or may not be members of the

Whitney of the Council of the Aaronic Priesthood Extension Plan, High Council.

Twelve. Published originally in to make it more definitely a part of the Meetings

"The Contributor."Aaronic Priesthood program, and to This committee will meet once a month

as committee, with a stake and once a month life, of committees, eliminate duplication last of the year David's Pouring in the advisers chairmen and ward quorum plan reports, simplified a meetings, and son, associated his Solomon, was regular leadership meeting. organization has been of and procedure throne, at sire his the or with upon

least was made king while his father adopted. An outline of the new plan A suggested order of business for each

yet lived. The cause of this step, which follows of these meetings is as follows:

was precautionary, was the rebellion Simplified Plan of Organization and Stake Committee Meeting of Adonijah, brother of Absalom. This Supervision of Aaronic Priesthood Opening Exercises

prince, following the ambitious exCommittees Including Operation of the 1. Plans and activities for the month, quarample of his illstarred brother, secured Aaronic Priesthood Extension Plan and ter, and year ahead.

the defection of Abiathar the Priest. Separate Committees for Stake and 2. Reports of visits to wards: (a) conditions

Joab, captain of the king's host, and Ward Adult Aaronic Priesthood. found, (b) recommendations made, (c)

for followup. suggestions both Include his brothers, and the princes, Organization Stake most of

activities. Extension Plan quorum and anointed himself and proto be caused Priesthood Committee Stake Aaronic of latest reports from monthly

revolt king. responsibilities duties was promptly claimed and The Whose under 3. Reviewwards: (a) progress compare ward

crushed, Solomon using his authority the stake presidency include promotion and each activity, (b) plan visits and assistin to that end. Abiathar was thrust out supervision of the Aaronic Priesthood Exance to wards below stake average in

of office, for his share in the conspiracy, tension Plan in the wards. any activity.

of portion a thus fulfilling God's Member of Stake Presidency, Adviser 4. Plans(a) throughfor improvingmore carefulwardselection,leadership:(b) Eli, against mercy and though prophecy

Stake Chairman (c) leadership training, through through Adonijah to and shown Joab was of Council be High member closer supervision at To cooperation. and subsequently extime, they the were 5. supervision of the Promotion and ExFirst Counselor crimes. for other Zadok, ecuted who in the tension wards. Plan of Council) be High member (To king. B. C. 1015, Solomon anointed of articles Priesthood Aaronic 6. Review

succeeded to the office of High Priest. Second Counselor in current issue of Progress of the

The most notable achievement of (To be member of High Council) Church.

King Solomon's reign was the building Member Member Member Stake Leadership Meeting of the Temple of God on Mount These three members to be selected at large. Aaronic Priesthood Department

Moriah; it was constructed on a scale 1. Plans and activities for month, quarter,

of unparalleled magnificence, and dediwith the children of Israel when they came and year ahead.

cated with sublime and solemn cereout of Egypt. 2. Review of ward reports for past month

monies to the service of Jehovah. The And it came to pass, when the Priests with comparisons in various activities.

edifice was commenced in the month were come out of the holy place; 3. Suggestions for improvement and greater

of Zif, second month of the Hebrew Also the Levites which were the singers, progress in quorum and extension plan activities. linen, in white arrayed having cymfourth of being year the B. year, 1012, C.

4. Discussion psalteries bals harps, of one or at the stood more chapters of and and four hundred reign and and Solomon's

altar, east the Aaronic Priesthood of a with Handbook. end and them

time the of Exodus. years from eighty Priests with hundred twenty sounding and

It was completed and dedicated seven trumpets; Ward Organization

and a half years later, in Bui, the eighth It came even to pass, as the trumpeters Responsible for all quorum activities, and month, B. C. 1005. and singers were as one, to make one sound also for the success of the Aaronic Priestin praising to the heard be thanking and Plan. Extension hood Elders the of assembled Solomon Then lifted their Lord; they voice and up when

tribes, the all the Israel, of the heads and Bishopric instruthe trumpets with cymbals and and

Israel, of children the fathers of the chief of the Presidency Priesthood Aaronic of the of praised music, Lord, sayand ments the of the ark to bring Jerusalem, up unto is for ing, his good; endureth mercy he For Chairman Ward city the of out the of of Lord covenant filled forever: the that then with house was to bishIs also Special Assistant to the is be Zion. which David, cloud, the the of Lord; house a even in opric the of the operation ExtenIsrael all of came; the Elders and Ward And Priests the that could stand not So to sion Plan. ark. the the Levites took up minister the of the for reason cloud: by

ark, the the and they brought up And to Priests'Adviser quorum filled the of of the glory had house Lord all congregation, the of the tabernacle and to Advisers Teachers'quorums God.

in tabernacle, the that vessels were holy to Advisers Deacons'quorums of an had end Solomon Levites made bring Priests the when the these did and Now there are or two more quorums Where fire the praying, from heaven came down up.

is of or there to Deacons, Teachers be an the offering the burnt all and and the consumed congreking Solomon, and Also to advisers adviser each quorum. These

filled sacrifices; the the of glory and Lord Israel of that assembled unto gation were the automatically of become members Ward the house. sacrificed ark, the sheep before and him Priesthood Committee. Aaronic

all Israel the children of saw told could And when nor not numbered be which oxen for multitude. how the fire came down, and the glory Meetings

And the Priests brought in the ark of of the Lord upon the house, they bowed This committee is to hold two meetings the covenant of the Lord unto his place, themselves with their faces to the ground each month. The first meeting, to be held

to the oracle of the house, into the most upon the pavement, and worshiped, and during the second week of the month, is to holy place, even under the wings of the praised the Lord, saying, For he is good; be devoted to a discussion of quorum

cherubim. for his mercy endureth forever. matters, including Standard Quorum

There was nothing in the ark save the Thus Solomon finished the house of the Awards, quorum projects, assignments, etc.

two tables which Moses put therein at Lord. A suggested order of business for this

Horeb, when the Lord made a covenant (To be Continued) meeting is as follows:

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

Ward Committee Meeting An effort should be made by the leaders opric in the Extension Plan. It will be his

bishopric, the to in the of direction together the three duty, groups of under work 1 the of items each seven Check quorum on is all the three to to meeting monthly that regular a as see programs such make manner of the and Standard Award, Quorum record the called, individual to attractive see that appealing to boys and and more for to plans assistance below quorums filled out, checked, and properly involved. cards are young men

standards. for in monthly each groups segregated age

2. projects. of service Planning quorum the Will Simplified Plan What Do New and to contact the meeting; School Sunday

include regular not (These quorum do I. their atto insure groups Y. A. M. M. 1. Priestthe Stake Eliminate Aaronic assignments.) in participation the monthly tendance and Its duties, Committee. with Extension hood3. social fraternal of Planning proand secand, his committee, with and meeting; will (see 2 exception, below) be one No. gram. the of to retary operation follow through Priestthe taken Aaronic Stake over by4. least Assignments: assignment one At Plan. the Extension Committee. hood for each each member. week Consider the the bishop meeting monthly may At social, 2. fracorrelation of Transfer of encouraging teachways members and detail to desired as the delegate of as much ternal, activities of these recreational and fill ing to assignments. them how Priesthood the Chairman; Aaronic Ward three are groups, conducted which on a5. of articles Priesthood Aaronic in Review all the of three cases, but, in the members the basis, to Stake stake Budget Committee current issue of the Progress of Church. the the of bishopric, as presidency Ward its for setting in yearround program up

The second meeting is to be held during all stake groups, as provided in the Budget Aaronic Priesthood, and responsible for all the fourth week of the month, and will be Plan. It is provided that the stake chairactivities which concern members of the

devoted to the Aaronic Priesthood Extension man of Aaronic Priesthood is to be a Aaronic Priesthood, are to attend, to direct

Plan, including correlation of leadership, member of the Stake Budget Committee. the meeting, and to take charge of their

for divides the meeting departments when all responsibility for 3.activities, phases Center and missionary work among inof specific of their problems consideration the activity of of stake Priesthood Aaronicactive members.

Attending this meeting, in addition to in the Stake Aaronic Priesthood Committee respective age groups.

the members of the Ward Aaronic Priestunder the stake presidency, and in the In these separate departments, the bishop hood Committee, headed by the bishopric, ward, in the bishopric and the Ward will meet the leaders and advisers of Priests'will be the Sunday School teachers of Aaronic Priesthood Committees. groups consisting of the Priests'quorum

Junior, Advanced Junior, Senior, and Ad- 4. Combine the Aaronic Priesthood quoadviser, the Sunday School teacher of the

class, Senior and thevanced report Senior classes, Extension Plan Advanced and the rum activity and the M Men Y. M. M.

first counselor, preferably, leader. The simplified, clearcut, easily reportI. A. Scoutmaster, leader, into one Explorer and

M Men leader. understood report form. will meet with leaders of the Teachers'age

The first part of the meeting is to be 5. Separate the Adult Aaronic Priestgroup consisting of the Teachers'quorum

devoted to a discussion of matters affecting hood work from regular quorum superadviser, the Sunday School teacher of the

Aaronic Priesthood members in general, vision, setting up separate stake and ward Senior class, and the Explorer leader. The

and specifically to their participation in the committees for adults, with their own prosecond counselor, preferably, will meet the three organizations represented. gram of missionary work, supervision, and leaders of the Deacons'age groups con-

A suggested order of business follows: reports.entirely independentlyThese committeesof thewillStakeoperateand sistingteachersof ofthebothDeacons'the Juniorquorumandadviser,Advancedthe

Junior classes in the Sunday School, and but Committees, Priesthood Aaronic Extension Plan Meeting Ward the Scoutmaster. in close of the guidance cooperation, under

inof the of the In each groups names in Part of the stake assigned the presidency one group member 1—All

aswill discussed and be members in the stake, to Priesthood and active Aaronic 1. Instructions bishopric. from visits. It is for signed personal recomin the the bishopric ward. under

2. Consideration of affecting problems to that assigned each be names two mended

in general, specifically members in and the bishopric leader, of the except members Explanatory Notes Schools, Quorums, Sunday and M. I. A. report. for visit In each and makmonth

the procedure, the Stake Under new effort visits, possible ing every should be into three groups Priesthood Extension Committee Aaronic Part 2—Divide inactivity. of discover causes to the made

is entirely. Its duties eliminated are now3. Correlation distribution of, and visits reports are these of among made, When

to the assigned Aaronic Priesthood Stake quorums, School, Sunday and carefully considered, I. A. should causes and M. be

groups of social and fraternal programs. Committee, with the exception of the corwhere they concern leadership, lack of

4. Consideration of names of inactive memrelation of stake social, fraternal, and recrepreparation, program activities, or any

bers: (a) personal missionary visits, ational activities, which, under the Budget other cause within the control of the Ex-

(b) reports of visits and results, (c) Plan, are assigned to the Stake Budget tension group, every possible effort should suggestions for improving methods of Committee. In this correlation of activities, be made to remove the causes as quickly

approach and followup. the Stake Aaronic Priesthood Committee as possible.

all activities will as cooperate, such which5. of Consideration of methods meetmaking secretary, active, for the dependable An of or Aaronic concern young boys men activities ings attractive and more and for the committee, stake one and comward the of part a Priesthood age become to appealing members. the to mittee are indispensable of success Priesthood program. Aaronic

this secretary in plan. serve should One It the responsibility of the this of part second is becomes meeting to The now be

for the Priesthood: the both Aaronic ward in to three Priesthoodconducted Aaronic Committee Stake bishop, departments—the the Extension and Plan. Committee in of Priests'leaders the thewith wards, Extension Plan promote age the groups;

bishoprics first counselor confer with preferably and ward Aaronic with leaders of to

Teachers'chairmen, groups; the Priesthood to encourage age them to NEW ADULT AARONIC second counselor preferably with leaders of Deacons'adopt the new plan and put it into effect at PRIESTHOOD PLAN

In these age groups. the once. departments

specific of problems that In the ward the Extension Plan will operStake Organization particular age affecting present, butgroup with ate very particumuch as at inactive members the Member of Stake Presidency—Adviser

willlarly his Priesthood be discussed, and chairman comand plans conAaronic sidered for increasing attendance and acmittee given more direct responsibility unStake Chairman tivity. Missionary work among inactive der the bishopric. (To be a member of the High Council)

members and means of so conducting proThe bishop will continue to preside in First Counselor grams, meetings, and activities that those his capacity as president of the Aaronic (To be selected at large) who are induced to attend may be rePriesthood of the ward. His counselors

tained in activity are the principal obwill also continue in their present responsiSecond Counselor jectives of these department sessions. bilities—one, preferably the first counselor, (To be selected at large)

Correlation of social, fraternal, for responsible directly the Teachers'age and not may, members These be or may recreational activities of the preferably the other, the second group; three groups and of desired as Council, members the High

involved is another important objective. counselor, responsible for the Deacons'age by the stake presidency.

These activities should be properly balanced group. The bishop will personally be

according to the needs and desires of the responsible, as at present, for the Priests'Meetings:

three groups, and through the development age group. This committee should meet at least once

of a yearround program, in cooperation Responsibility for the routine details of each month to consider ward reports, prowith the ward budget committee, undue the Ward Extension Plan will rest with gress of work in the wards, and ways of emphasis by any one group and conflicts in the Ward Aaronic Priesthood Chairman, making this missionary work most effective.

either dates or activities avoided. who becomes special assistant to the bish- (Concluded on page 236)

SUIIiJTeaclilnqm CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

Aaronic Priesthood WARD TEACHERS (Concluded from page 235) adultIt should comwith also meet ward Spirit, if in the strong with let him take him be among any you man A ND leadershipmittees in regular the monthly that is in all meekness, that that be edified he weak, him he may may t reports, to sugdiscuss exchangemeeting also. strong effectiveness of become the increasing forgestions

the work and the development of social Therefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser programs and Welfare Plan projects. Priesthood.... (Doc. and Cov., 84:106, 107.)

Ward Organization Suggestions For Ward Teachers six four, accordor members, more Two, in their interested people. actively should They should be Teachers of the ward. size to theing needs and

of the illness should be aware of and death. They them in times is to direct carry on visit and This committee

active missionary work among adult memspiritual, physical, and temporal status of their people to such an extent bers of the Aaronic Priesthood. Being that distress and want may be reported at once, and appropriate assistance

a missionary committee, specifically for to the worthy be provided without delay.

adult members of Aaronic Priesthood, it In keeping with the duties assigned to teachers by revelation, it is will function separately from the Ward highly appropriate, where making a formal visit, to ask each member of the

Aaronic Priesthood Committee or other family questions containing the following import: groups.missionary

in harmony 1. Are youMeetings:

a. associates? neighbors and your With least a month. once At

Authorities stake, of the Church? b. General ward, and With experiences should be this meeting At

duties to 2. attending your Church Are you reports of progress considered,exchanged,

a. a member As effectivefor greater plans developedand

Fast Offering, fasting paying and meeting, month once each Attending in contacts.ness missionary

functions? social tithing, in participating ward and paying definite should provided program be A officer b. an As activities socialfor for adult the group.

etc.? meetings, council attending Setting proper example, Participation in the Plan Welfare Church

should be a part of the adult Aaronic 3. Are you attending to secret and family prayers?

Priesthood activities in every ward.

WcUvdL JsbcucksM: TyUi&AaqsL $&v Vyicu, 1%1 Yellowstone Park, Wyoming

T am enclosing for your consideration "PAY YOUR TITHES AND BE BLESSED"and possible use a small poem which "Dishop Edward Hunter, third Presiding Bishop of the Church, frequently

I wrote one evening last week while ended his sermons on tithing with the statement, "Pay your tithes and listening to a radio commentator extoll be blessed."This admonition is suggested for serious consideration by

the virtues of cigarettes. every member of the Church.

beliefs, this Because Mormon of my all give us. the things the blessings. can Lord want want We We feelings expresses on the subpoem my the those commandments. promised obey to the rewards want who Weject of smoking. blessings the desires promised naturally Saint Specifically Latterday every

John Macbeth. to those who observe the law of tithing.

ON SMOKING These blessings await all who are willing to comply with the law, the given faith to promise all accept Lord by the enough to when who have their bodies gave men GOD there that tithes storehouse, into be all the the "Bring said: ye may He clean. and Pure good and

Why do they pollute them meat in mine house, and prove me now herewith,... if I will not open

Inhaling nicotine? you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall

it."to receive enough room risk the health not be do women Why

It in applying Bishop Hunter's advice, understood should be fully yet unborn, Of children <&nd the will of God that the blessings so many of us desire and which are promised to those

Ignore with selfish scorn? who obey the law cannot be purchased with money. The promised bless-

'Teach them, Father, is my prayer, ings come not through the payment of money but through obedience to the * To cast this sin away, law.

*&nd in healthful living We are told in the Doctrine and Covenants, Section 130, Verses 2021

Praise Thee day by day. that, "There is a law irrevocably decreed in heaven before the foundation

m of the world upon which all blessings are predicated, and when we obtain

Presiding Bishop Receives any blessing from God it is by obedience to the law upon which it is

Message from Antarctic predicated."

This additional scripture from the Doctrine and Covenants, Section 82, "Just returned from journey to the Verse 10, has bearing upon the manner in which blessings are earned:

) Eternity Range, never before "I, the Lord, am bound when ye do what I say; but when ye do not what

touched by man,"was the terse mes- I say, ye have no promise."

sage relayed to Presiding Bishop LeThousands of faithful tithepayers throughout the Church, both at

Grand Richards late in January from home and abroad, bear fervent testimony of the blessings which come from

Captain J. Glenn Dyer, Latterday Saint obedience to the law of tithing. Blessings do follow obedience.

and a government engineer formerly of During the month of May, the law of tithing is to be called to the special

Salt Lake now with the Byrd expediattention of members of the Church. It is highly appropriate that during

tion in the Antarctic. Bishop Richards this month parents join in this Churchwide movement by teaching tithing

while presiding over the Southern States to their children. "Pay your tithes and be blessed"is good advice for

Mission knew Captain Dyer as a stuboth young and old.

dent at Georgia Tech.

Suenealoqu oCD A REMINDER TO STAKE to have effective announcements of such 4. Plan for regular baptismal appointgiven, to stimulate stake, from and and ments that the your advocating BISHOPSPRESIDENTS AND

inspire children serving to parbring, as proxies worthy Church members wherTHECONCERNING NEW PLAN appointments ticipate. their ever possible, them. with names own

T\7e remind all stake presidents and Duties of the Stake Chairman. The stake 5. Organize regular library visits and

if exercise excursions research general should reasuper- are within you the organization of '"bishops and visionchairman atsonable of library. temple and access genealogical encouragement to a

stakefunctions of the and ward genein the stake, arrange tendance should the at appointment and Be sure to have an alogical committees: If they are not direct responsibility for planning successlibrary beforehand; have members bring

yet organized in ward or stake please ful programs to be presented in ward sacratheir own pedigree charts with them; and

do so without further delays. Reports ment meetings on the fifth Sunday of any select those of the group most experienced

have been received that many stakes month, conforming strictly to the purpose in research to serve as coaches to guide the are slow in getting this organization of such sacrament meetings, and arrangothers in their efforts.

6. for the outlined Foster for the than vigorously more beannual program everfunctioning properly under the new plan ing

fore the Genealogical in formation of family organizations, to be given every Sundayrecently inaugurated.

that in units the of stake large so September. family of a pool ward may

STAKE AND WARD TEMPLE AND Reports from various temples inditheirin obtainingresourcesancestraland workrecordsin full cooperationand names

GENEALOGICAL COMMITTEES cate a regrettable falling off in temple to keep all busy in temple service.

sufficient Particularly do of attendance. The new STAKE COMMITTEE

for to be lacking names appear baptisWe feel assured that if these and Activities should and GenealogicalTemple consist of: mal appointments. We must do all in similar projects are undertaken a comincrease in temple mendable attendance this situation. to correct power

1. stake chairman, is a member our who A can be secured. is It that, inevitable to the war, due Council.of the High us of Please inform any projects you families deriving from Germany, many 2. assistant, a Seventy. who is An

3. An assistant, who is an Elder. Denmark, Norway, Holland, Belgium, put over successfully along this line

This committee is to promote temple and France, should be cut off from their that we may use your success to enwork, research, family organizations, and source of supply of names for temple courage other stakes.

fifth Sunday programs within the stake. work. Fortunate are the families Sincerely your brethren,

is assistant to supervise baptismalOne search wisely had a made of apwho Society availGenealogical of Utah.

the other, pointments; and sealendowments in countries before able these sources Fielding President. Smith, Joseph ings. crash the came. Bennett, Secretary. F. Archibald

The new WARD COMMITTEE should In England, Scotland, Ireland, Swefor opportunities Finland, den, follows: and as be up made SHEETS TEMPLE

still in CONCERNING Particularly are research open.

1. should chairman, be ward who A SHEETS AND FAMILY GROUP ministers parish Britain the Great do either or Seventy, a an Priest, a High

Elder, and a member of the Church Service display an eagerness to help, out of Letter 9

Committee of his quorum. appreciation of the assistance our counMarch 4, 1941

2. An assistant to supervise baptismal try has been able to render them. None To Stake Chairmen:

appointments. this favorable long of us knows how text, lesson of the Books,""Out HpHE 3. to supervise assistant endowments An continue. situation may is "It states 34: planned on page sealings. and families ancestors those whose For all in future persons is the to near ask If Priest, the a Chairman one High

in for resided generations America, assistant a the other Seventy, should be for ensubmitting baptism names and an Elder, and hold membership on the there are many more records available dowment to use only the family group

Church Service Committee of his quorum. for genealogical searching than ever record sheet explained in Lesson Ten."

4. families secretary. before. have can These A is explanation given under no Further

5. of the teacher School The Sunday for legitimate being not excuse amply state37. the 28 5(b), page page On Classi. Genealogical Training for work. temple supplied with names is definite date: to as "The ment more 6. of the representative Gospel Doc- A stake urge our emphatically and We is the 'Family Record'approved Group trine Class.

all in their to power committees do 7. all other for in future if needed, members, submitting from ward form names Two

efforts to increase work. temple Your at large. the ward 1, for (after baptism and Jan. 1941)

definite several along develop may endowment."

lines. At the time this was written (inNEW COMMITTEES URGED TO

FUNCTION ENERGETICALLY 1. Encourage more people to live worthy July, 1940) it was anticipated that the

to obtain recommends to go to the temple. new plan of procedure would be ready

attend to 2. Stimulate members worthy Letter 10 first year. this of the for operation by

times at regularly, appointed the temple 4, 1941 March occurdelays unavoidable However, possible. through be done This where may Chairmen: StakeTo of longer experimen- a period and fifth anred; the programs, of Sunday medium letter presiIn to stake our circular to of ensure tation working smooth a training in genealogical and nouncements

dents, which was dated Aug. 29, 1940, Gospel doctrine classes in the Sunday all details was deemed desirable. We

outlining the revised organization and School and in the Melchizedek Priesthood are not yet ready for family group recfunctions of stake and ward temple quorums. ords to be submitted in lieu of temple

and genealogical committees, these 3. Organize regular stake and ward sheets, but that time is approaching.

for and appointments temple endowment paragraphs occur that inform Please workers your visits class sealing, also and quorum to official in will notice be given them those from of groups Promotion as the temple such of Temple Work. Thus the

encouragement of attendance at the temple the Elders, Seventies, High Priests, Gospel ample time before the change takes and the organization of stake and ward Doctrine Class, Genealogical Training effect. In the meantime they should

group visits becomes the major responsiClass, Relief Society, ward officers and continue to send in names for temple bility of stake and ward genealogical ofteachers, etc. Careful attention to details work upon temple sheets as heretofore.

ficers. for official of baptism, All appointments preparatory proper announcement, orSincerely your brother,

the transportation provision for ganization or sealing excursions from and endowment stake should utilize every established orwill add greatly to the success of these apArchibald F. Bennett, Secretary

ganization and every legitimate opportunity pointments. Genealogical Society of Utah.

Y.TRACY CANNON. I. SPENCER CORNWALL

Chairman W. FRANK ASPER GENERAL MUSIC COMMITTEE CHURCH SCHREINER ALEXANDER

D. PYPER,GEORGE O. MARVIN ASHTON

First Vice Offices General Chairman and Treasurer General Church HINCHCLIFF LESTER

JR. GERRIT DE Music CommitteeLeROY ROBERTSON, M. ALFRED JONG,DURHAM SecondJ, D. STERLING Vice Chairman 50 NORTH MAIN STREET, WHEELWRIGHT

JENSENN. LORENZO MITCHELL. SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH FREDA BEATRICE Secretary FRANCES GRANTF. STEVENSBENNETT

CHURCHWIDE PROJECT Suggestions for Organists MAY

FORHYMNS APRIL, By Alexander Schreiner "Come Let Us Sing an EveningMAY, JUNE AND

Suggestions for Conductors (\?-, congregationalthe three humnssingingrecommendedfor April,for thereforeHymn,"No.calm.128, Observeis devotionalbreathingand

By J. Spencev Cornwall May, and June, two are not well known. places at ends of all phrases. The last

Organists will do well to play these note of each phrase will therefore be

APRIL hymns privately a few times, so that shorter than written. The congreganatur- it will quite tion, will found, be ennobling immediately spirit may the Great That Promised Joy, Day theirHow legato. Therefore this sing hymn felt be them to our ally when presenting 209. Beezley) Ebenezer No. (Hymn

it also. legato play congregations.

HpHis number should be sung in true hymn style. It is solid and should APRIL JUNE

be sung with a medium loud volume the Great Promised That Joy, "How congreasthroughout. a used 2, should When the Lord,""Praise No. Ye calls in the book, Day,"209 No. hymn thegational people song, of most where the spirited receive a announcement by for in rendition bold a tempo. moderate it line,will sing the should be melody fast a not does organist. This mean sixteenfoot bass super good and Draw half step lower.played one it is slightly that sung tempo. Observe

first coupler. three the Separate chords

syllable of nonlegato, the one words neatly. the bass tenor and Whenever MAY third phrase the slightly detached,

lie left parts the the of reach beyond Let Sing Evening for conanCome, softer Us slightly smoother and Hymn in right hand, the tenor part the play 128. like the Y. Cannon) Tracy fourth No. trast, the (Hymn phrase and along the alto soprano. with hand and

first. If that then a good be way, sung this the of several hymn, end Near is It choirs. fine forHP'his needs hymn it likewise. playing accompanist by

if left tenor to out, notes need be may it complete. to the harmony make corrests are breathing the of Two the player small hand. has a The are very immarkings dynamicThe simthem. printed. rectly Observe A this in notes as whole hymn, marking it in impressive.portant making Use phrase, of third ilar the at rest the end phrases, the of they the should ends do at the retard with a ordinary tempoan half to the shortening note necessitates held three only, beats allowing be one as marked.end

beat of rest for breath. Good organists a quarter note. Let the organ sing and

JUNE observe breathing places exactly as breathe as though it were a living orPraise Ye the Lord singers do. ganism.

(Hymn No. 2. Evan Stephens.)

HPhis hymn was presented last year again is reviewed now. and

as the favorite It THIS COMING EASTERshould to be a prove people become more familiar with it. MORE THAN 600,000 PEDFLE

IN MORE THAN 1700 CHURCHES!

Will Enjoy the Beautiful Music for pipe organs specially reed and AgentsORGANS

L. D. S. including Churches, suited for the new of the

electropneumatic twomanual organ. Special

prices. Call for demonstration or write for catalogues.

CO. MUSIC DAYNES HAMMOND ORGAN patronage We solicit your

47 So. Main St. Salt Lake City WHY NOT YOUR CHURCH?

Demonstrations Every Day During Conference

HEADQUARTERS for All With Mr. SeldonAll AreHeapsInvitedat the Console

M.I. A. Festival Music

GLE1VBRDS. MUSIC CD. 74 So. Main—Salt Lake City—Two Big Stores—Ogden, Utah 33ZJaz5

70TSOUTHJMAIN

E mnSamiessaqes ono dards of ward and stake dramas.

LORD BADENPOWELL It will not be the purpose of this

Born, 1857, England theatre to supplant the present drama in the stakes, and wards but Kenya, South Africa program 5cecutives Died, 1941, it. rather to strengthen supplement and =3 Thurber By Taylor

their all of talent, in branches The best

DR. BUCKMILLER NAMED TO 7V n allwise Father permits men of of play production, will assist at dif-

Y. M. M. I. A. GENERAL BOARD ** especial worth to come to our ferent times in this theatre.

earth. Of such BadenLord was is organization chief the of aim The of appointment Dr. Leroy HPhe J. in Powell, born died, England, 1857; quality of Church the to improve * Buckmiller, former of the member at 1941, Africa, 83. South Kenya, age the improving productions dramatic by Pasadena than million nine Fernando San and Stake More Scouts Boy

Classes, directors. to ward open to and Scouters responding the belief drama active presidency and an I. A. M.

in all given directors, will be and stake of BadenPowell organized have been fifteen than years, to worker for more

Practical production. of play into phases brotherhood, a teachings whose the membership of General Y. M. M.

the have of seeds designscene sown peace and experience in makeup, I. has been A. Board announced by to all the accord nations. of youth ing, directing, management, business Superintendent George Q. Morris. million boys Nine throughand men will etc., gained building, be scenery General Board member, The new the a out world the have caught gleam plays and doing experimental through dentist, practicing in this born Proviof light, was man's a doing good public regular the aiding through with turn each day, in having and dence, 9, County, 1901, grown Cache March

a son of Mr. and Mrs. E. Buckmiller. righteousness, character, and strength productions of the organization.

the writBefore he moved to California, he acted through service to Humanity. We also plan to encourage

testing vision of on original ing His Scouting plays them has of spread by

I. the in the president as of A. ward M. will to continue and the spread and are stage. If they our experimental Salt City. Twentieth Lake Ward, hearts of will everywhere men enbe prewill sufficient merit, they be of to North from Hollywood Moving riched did. of because he what stage. the sented main on ten years Salt ago, Dr. BuckLake

the of the temporary name Under miller his activity, continued Church

I. Interstake Organi- A. Drama "M. Stake, as stake Hollywood in superinthe council serving high the of old

first its this zation,"presented group I. the tendent of in A. the and stake M.

Barrie, play by James Dear Brutus, M. presidencies mentioned above. He

9th. Lake 8th and on January The also served as of ward president the

M. I. A. and as bishop of North HollyTheatre was rented for the two evewood Ward. nings and all seats were reserved. A

Dr. Buckmiller has moved to Salt special budget ticket concession was

Lake from North Hollywood with his made to all the wards in Salt Lake family. Dr. and Mrs. Buckmiller are Valley.

the parents of five children. Whimsical and thoughtprovoking,

this drama attempts to answer the uniif I do the INTERSTAKE DRAMA versalI had aquestion,second "Whatchance?"wouldIt tells

By lone Duncan story of a group of unhappy people *'T built the Salt Lake Theatre,"said who have been invited to spend Mid- * Brigham Young, "to attract the summer Eve in the home of the elflike, young of our community and to provide merry old gentleman, Lob, who has a amusement for the boys and girls, rather mysterious forest. In it, each character

than to have them running all over is given that second chance and his creation for recreation."life is shown as it "might have been,"

Feeling the need for such an enterhad he taken a different turning in the prise today, each of the eleven Salt past.

Lake City stake drama directors last Carefully chosen music throughout

September, gathered to organize a intensified the moods of the fantasy

Church theatre. These stakes, if play, and the sets were specially despresent plans continue, hope to reach ignated to create the right "atthese objectives: to establish a legitmosphere."The production staff inimate stake theatre for presentation cluded the director, assistant director,

at regular intervals the best availstage manager, production secretary, able plays on a near professional basis; publicity and business manager, costo bring the Church drama program to tume director, musical director, propits onetime prominence of being one erty manager, other assistants and elecof the finest dramaproducing organitricians. They were chosen from the

zations in the West; to make available original group according to their abilinterests. ities the play Although and public to the masterChurch many LOWER: ART

professional manin a managed was of the stage cannot be which AS piecesCHRISTEAN

MR. DEARTH; produced by wards or stakes because ner, the staff and the cast cooperated in

MAZA ROSS AS of limited facilities and talent; to finance building and painting the scenery.

MARGARET, HIS productions through the budget or a As I count back over the many hours

DAUGHTER. semibudget system; to provide a furwe spent on this drama, I once more

ther outlet and added opportunities realize that play production is allen- for those who have done outstanding grossing. Once it gets hold of you, no

work in ward and stake plays; to amount of time or drudgery seems too

create an incentive for Church talent to much. But—isn't it fun!!

do better work; and to raise the stan- (Continued on page 240)

O

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

be reasonably certain that their children your mind as you say the word are adequately cared for. "golden"? Do you see the canary with

Special Interest itstime?goldenThesonggoldenof joysunsetin theof spring-a day

nearing its close? The gold in the-j-cp——little hair child? of bonnie heart a The

Hansen, H. MarbaGeorge Josephson, chairmen; C. in of true pure tried friend? gold a and Anderson, L. L.Aldon Daines, Nelson, Edwin J. u L. Evans,Richard Pettigrew, Philo J.Alma in H. ring? T. golden gold a wedding The DTDlentieaners—Farnsworth, Vella Wetzel, Anderson, H. Minnie T. chairmen; Brockbank, Creed Hazel Haymond, W. tip of the at rainof gold pot the TheAngelyn Warnick. Franklin Lloyd, P. Harris, L. Wesley S. A. Stevenson, Homer C. Warner, Werner Kiepe, John D. bow? The golden word of truth?

ORGANIZE FOR Giles,Bennion.HelenaMarie Larson,Waldram,FlorenceKatie C.Pinnock,Jensen. Aurelia These and many other pictures passSUMMER WORK before us. Now let us build a "golden

gleaner:"this banquets MenGleaner Interest Special'MTo will HPhe group officers M for G—is gay—gracious—good—glovery well. year were worked out the wish fine association they have rious.

fine that the so have been during past thehad several to They months M Men for opportunity. O—is is Gleaner hoping to and Committeediscontinue. will wise, They be for love L—is of God—of life—of peogive copies of the of best you some iftherefore, right find they some now ple work. and

programs and sugmany of the valuablesubject, activities, some some interests, D—is for dreams—desire—determinagestions in mimeographed form at Junewhich will hold the groups together tion.

Conference, especially stake if eachduring the In months. the summer

its will in de- E—education—enthusiasm. send banquet programsummer, will many members new be for nobility of purpose, of mind, N—is tail to the Gleaner committee, Y. otherwiseable to come W. not could who soul. of and

attend during the winter season. It M. I. A. General Board, Bishop's Buildwill be less difficult to find baby tenders. ing. Also at June Conference will be

Class officers will wish to survey held the annual exhibit so that all of their own localities, discover the possiyou can see the actual work of other stakes. Plan exhibit your what now 6$loibilities fields for interest, of new and

will include to and prepare send it in.—cpfullyorganize that the so will work

Christensen, Nichols, chairman; Elmer Mark H. M. for Elections officers stake ward andprogress running the risk without of Axel A. Madsen, G. Floyed Elwood G. Winters, should soon. or very completed be now Eyre, D. Giles. John the oflosing some groups. members New officers may then take office June

1st and be ready, if possible, to attend LITTLE MOUNTAINTAKE A PAGE FROM June Conference. MONUMENTWASATCH STAKE

The most important lesson responsiHThe summit of Little Mountain, ten the of the ofand Gleaner StakeTpROM a rebility Wasatch comes Men M miles east of Salt up Lake City, *"ficers this is year scheduled for April port of their Special Interest group practically Emigration meant Canyon, activities. Mrs. Virginia D. Christen15 when the problem of the nonuse the end of the Trail to the small comson tells of a social's being held once of liquor and tobacco is discussed. The panies of Pioneers who had trudged

every month or six weeks. They have young people of the Church are known many hundreds of miles from winter

held a Community Prom. One of the by and for their standards and only by quarters. They were the Explorers of

most successful of their outings was a upholding them will they be entitled a former era whose virtues are being banquet and dance held at Luke's Reto the heritage rightly theirs. In these sung around the world even today.

sort, with fifty young married people in crucial times Church standards must It meant the last major obstacle before attendance. Although the ward is a small not and cannot be lowered. On the they reached the valley of Great Salt one, having a membership of only seven shoulders of the M Men and Gleaners Lake.

hundred, they have two wellattended rests the task of leading the other It is fitting, therefore, that the M. I. A.

groups. young people in the Church and in Explorers of today pay humble homage During the summer of last year, they the nation to the clean life. You M by raising a monument in their honor

held several outdoor parties and also Men and Gleaner officers know your on Little Mountain as a symbol of sponsored a Temple Excursion that class members, their temptations, their victory over every obstacle that beset brought much joy and satisfaction. habits, even their weaknesses, theretheir path.

fore, you will know how to put this On Saturday, June 7, 1941, during

SUNDAY EVENING lesson over. Make this the most profitJune Conference the Explorer ComFIRESIDES able evening of the year. mittee of the General Board, repreCongratulations to the many wards senting all M. I. A. Explorers, will

stake supervisors have Ceveral their stakes asked and have bound who brief Little conduct a program on * to sheaves splendid discouraged and Fireside have all you why we Mountain. feature of the program One

Chats. The reason is that sometimes Gleaner girls, leaders, and supervisors will be the contribution of each stake

the children are neglected and allowed who have tried so diligently to bring in the Church, in the form of a rock, to roam the streets, doing things which, every girl of Gleaner age to Mutual. which will go toward the erection of

as Latterday Saints, we know they There is time yet to contact and interest the monument. As announced in the

shouldn't be doing. Most of the Speother girls. Never give up, for the March Era, the Explorers of each stake

cial Interest members are parents of next invitation may be the very one should select a rock not less than four families. If those families are being to bring the missing girls to class. The inches in diameter nor larger than

neglected because of the Firesides, we new Gleaner pins, gold with a green G, twelve inches, representative of their are not doing the right thing. Conseare now available at 35c each at the area and send it, preferably by delegate,

quently we feel that the parents should General Board offices, 33 Bishop's to June Conference. The rocks will

perhaps be providing the social hour in Building, Salt Lake City. be deposited during an appropriate

their homes families. of their for the younger members GOLDEN GLEANERS immediatelyceremony andfollowingthe monumentJune Conference.erected

When we learn, for instance, that \\7ith a full understanding of the Stake Explorer chairmen and comwhile the parents are in Church Fire- * significance of the word "Gleanmissioners should take the initiative in sides, some of their children are being er,"let us consider what the word selecting the rock and arranging for picked up by the police for vagrancy, "Golden"placed before it does to the its conveyance to the June Conference we feel that it is time to urge parents already beloved name. program.

to remain in the home unless they can What mental pictures flash through Individual Explorer troops are wel240

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

Ahead! (4) Lightscome "The Unhappy to submit a rock of their own if Brood"—See 1940 M Delightful music added to the atmosphere desire.they Manual. MenGleaner

of the the of conclusion the banquet. At Little for Rocks! Rocks! Rocks!

girls in chorus, stood the sang and that to see your banquetMountain. Plan now It's Girl."to a be Junior "Oh, Joy

stake is represented. hotel then conducted a management The duniors tour for the girls through all the importantEXPLORER ARTISTSOQ> rooms of the Hotel Utah.

ARCHER WARD Gladys Harbertson, chairman; Emily H. Bennett,

T17hen Explorers of Archer Ward, Grace C. Neslen, Lueen J. King.

to Council, Peaks decided Teton I STORY, LEST FORGET MY topresent raise their funds for a play Septs project the concluding lesson on HPhecharter renewal, Assistant Leader Don—xfifind for leaders should you this yearLiljenquist to volunteered for write one D. E. Hammond, chairman; Wayne B. Hales,

the occasion. ready to make the evening an espeGeorge Stewart, John D. Giles.

is one. cially suggested joyous As Keys,""The Three The play, was CONTEST EXTENDED in THEME it the might opportune the manual, be topresented in a the capacity crowd to give the troops oporder more Tn class invite to the the to mothers time substantial a chapel nettedArcher and in to participate the portunity theme in activity participate the have them andfinancial return.

contest, project of Scout's "Biography is this climax eveto brought a which

EXPLORER ATTAINMENT ning. In addition to indicating to the Pioneer Forefathers,"the final date has

RECOGNITION officers and mothers what success the been extended to April 15, 1941. By

this all in stories pioneer time must be this brought, has meeting endeavor officers Explorer are not urgedCtake the the of Stake Scout hands Comin the indicative of be should way their to efforts qualify slacken to missioner. three other with or two He girls the continue to which add mayfor the Explorer Attainment Recogni-

I. officers deterstake should A. M. it living, their to a to book, growmaketion available the Y. by made M. M. stories best the submitted mine two will activity to ing they wish whichI. A. General Board.

I. the to Scout send A. and them M. lives. In their throughout follow Faith reaching Reports the Explorer Comof the Board. General Committee Adthe Living, Lewis made For Mumfordmittee that indicate several stakes have Street, Salt dress 50 North Lake Main family that should statement everypractically the requirements. completed

1, City, later 1941. not Utah, than May it its unite to record keep and a make recent rumors fromMost come Timpwill select the general committee The sugsteady. might Leaders progressanogos Stakes. Tooele and stories will ten best give submitted and that Girls gest had have Junior who their leaders Explorer should analyze their ten prizes appropriate to Scout this lead of experience the book making standmembership and advancement authors. will printed best one be The in family helping book. a out makeings ascertain to near they are and how in a cash and Improvement The Era

qualifying. LIGHT prize the AND for YOUR YOU same. awarded With

folobjectives of are as the plan The this left finish project to only weeks two three lessons are disto which be HPhelows:

it in is that the wards, every hoped girls this the with cussed are month least (a) in Registered at troop Explorer this will activity Scoutmaster promote the in concluding ones the of with twelve or Manual: wards more boys75%

in his troop. should enbe Each boyof age. Explorer Revelations These Are You, For This

(b) Not less than 50% of available Counsel Comes Direct to You, and couraged to write up a faithpromoting

Explorers in stake must be registered. Your Progress Is Eternal. In these or pioneer experience of one of his

It less (c) available than of grandparents. pioneer should Exbe Not 25% lessons, the leaders the opporhave

inplorers First stake attained must have in length to from 1000 words 500 and in tunity building of assurance an theHonors. following should judged be on the ultimate result will which if the good less (d) available of than ExNot 5%

girls persist in following the advice of points inplorers stake attained must have Second value, 1. Literary including grammatical

in as the revealed the LordHonors. Doctrine correctness.

least registered of L. (e) At reveCovenants D. S. and and His continued 75%

in active in stakeExplorers Aaronic be must lation leaders. to our presentday Fortion.2. Historical value, source of informaPriesthood. tunately, we have a belief that is held by 3. Interest value, a good story.

18, 10, In Chapter Log No. in may be other the world, people few and TROOP BUDGET PLAN for several suggestions reachingfound is that the that continues to speak Lord

the objectives and qualifying for the to His children. By heeding His counrT"rHE Troop Budget Plan should now

attainment certificate. sel, by obeying His commandments, be functioning in all troops sponWill your stake be one of those to these girls will be safe and happy, no sored by the M. I. A. Is it a part of

receive the Attainment recognition Cermatter what situations may arise in your weekly routine of troop business?

tificate at June Conference? Try for it. the world. If it is, all your future troop financial

ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO PROVO STAKE JUNIOR GIRLS'shouldproblemsbe takenare solved.at once toIf incorporatenot, steps

"pXPLORER Leaders have many fine TEMPLE EXCURSION it into your program. Five cents a

*-J opportunities for helping Explorers or sixtyseven cents or twentyfive 7, 1940, a quarter Junior week

Salt traveled to Stake tobacco should problem. ONGirlsDecemberof Provomeet the alcohol and amount any reasonable be set up

Here are a few suggestions: Lake City in school busses for a temple to be collected at regular intervals.

1. Personal consultations, for which excursion. From 8 a. m. to 1 p. m. the This money will insure troop registragirls eight in for baptized turn hunwere it it is in conopportunities tion will bringthere the due; are date on many

brother names. dred A. BroadDavid Then for program. Life theducting Boy's to every one year Boy in the of the with bent them met Temple

it all conthat will Scout; the Explorer of 2. Suggest or meet and a part to questions answer any assembly room

sider these problems in writing his concerning temple work. his summer camp expenses. If the troop

Code of Conduct and Life's Plan. The group then went to the Hotel Utah budget is to be effective for future

3. Group discussions. where a banquet was served to them in financial uses, it must be set up at once.

4. Urge all Explorers to acquire the the Junior Ballroom. Lovely centerpieces The boys like it, every Scoutmaster

Personal Health merit Badge. Look and favors carried out the theme of the that has used it would never be withLight."which and Your was "You little explaining, the requirements after a it, andup in the out also carried out theme and see how it is banquet,This was

it their full indifferent parents giverelated to this problem. toasts:

5. For the Explorer Leader's Min- ( 1 ) Hello Life. support, Scouters give the Trooputes read or review: Section 89, Doc- (2) You Junior Girls are Important. Budget Plan a trial for one year. We

trine and Covenants; "Chewing In,"and (3) You and Your Light. know it will work for you, too.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

Melchizedek Priesthood 3-4.2. InterpretWhat doesDoctrinethis indicateand Covenantsconcerning90: chizedekall authorityPriesthoodpertaining to Mel-

(Continued from page 233) Joseph Smith's position as head of the last b. Supervise work of whole Church

dispensation? What does this say con- c. Disorganized on death of President

present briefly the succession claims of the cerning with whom the leadership of the II. The First Presidency organized: a

Reorganized Church. Have someone else Church rests at any given time? gradual evolvement (See Supplereview the claims of Sidney Rigdon and 3. Volume vii of History of the Church mentary Readings No. 4)

others to leadership of the Church following is titled "Apostolic Interregnum."How do a. First announced in November, 1831

the death of Joseph Smith. In the light of the events of this period indicate that the [Note correction: text incorrectly

these presentations, defend the position of Twelve had indeed shouldered "the burden gives 1832) the Council of the Twelve as the leading of the Kingdom"? b. Not completed until March, 1833

council with power to select a successor 1. Joseph Smith as President

on the death of the President of the Church. LESSON LI 2. Sidney Rigdon, Frederick G.

Support your defense with evidence from The First Presidency Williams as counselors the Doctrine and Covenants and the sub- (Read chapter 19, pp. 258262) c. Step by step development of Church

stantiated of the Prophet statements Joseph. Smith organization under Joseph

First Presidency as a quorum claim with the is compatible very I. TheWhich Presithe First of and duties

itself? Priests: of the presiding hold III. Powers Priesthoodnature a. Three High dency

a. Doctrine and Covenants 107:8, 9,

18, 19, 64, 67, 78, 83, 91, 92; 112:

3033; 124:125 CONFERENCE VISITORS b. Powers of appointment, nomination,

... invited to make yourselves at home at Hotel Utah... where you presiding, sealing may be delegated

enjoy luxury at low cost... and the advantages of being at the center c. Division of responsibility among

of social and business life during your stay in beautiful Salt Lake City. First Presidency: declaration of

Joseph F. Smith

d. Meetings of the First Presidency

1. With Council of Twelve every

Thursday 2. With Presiding Bishopric every

Tuesday IV. Church corporations

a. Purpose 1. For effective administration

2. For lightening burden of the

Presidency 3. For providing against breaks

due to death of officers b. Number and nature (see text for

list of six) V. General Council of the Church

a. Personnel: First Presidency, Presiding Bishopric, Council of Twelve

b. Purpose: disposition of properties

Problems and projects:

1 Distinguish between inherent authority

Presidency. of duties the First I II powers and 7/. and delegated authority as manifested in the

the Priesthood does term "The 2. How TB SE ManagingL D DirectorT GUYII T O O M

is greater than its offices"explain why it is not necessary for a man to be ordained to the Apostleship to be a counselor in the

First Presidency? How does it explain why

to preside merely by virtue of his Priest-.. Four First hood? HOME. a man cannot presume to have authority

3. Show how Church corporations

the the Presidency, lighten work of make and Wisest Investment effective administration, proand for more vide against any breaks due to death of is the most Today a home officers. the administrative Refute absurd

availsecure investment as corporations charges against such made able. evFor even though schemes. individual wealthaccumulating

other ery commodity may folthe Church has always Show how in price, advance a longpractice in caring business lowed approved is proterm loan automatic for its holdings.

tection cost wisely against a rising of living.

all the Let us explain adSupplementary Readings of building vantages now... and show you how For Priesthood and Church Government

simply and easily it can be done through our famous Building Ser- 1. The leading fact to be remembered is ONESTOP

vice. that the Priesthood is greater than any of

its offices; and that any man holding the

Your 4-Square Lumber Dealer itsMelchizedekpossession,Priesthoodperform anymay,ordinanceby virtueperof

Sugarhouse Lumber tainingcalled upontheretoto connecteddo so by therewith,one holdingwhenthe proper authority, which proper authority is or the of the in Church, President vested Co. Hardware & in designate. he Every any may whom

1174 6-8601 E. 21st So. Dial officer his direction, in the is under Church

and he is directed of God. He is also

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

Melchizedek Priesthood THE CHURCH MOVES ON {Concluded from page 222) selected of the Lord to be the head of the

Church, and so becomes, when the Priestthe Liahona, and active as missionary, City in March, Miss Helen Keller, deaf its editor,hood of the includes (which Church, writer for and the Church in and for remarkable her blind womanofficers) shall its members, and so have various capacities, died. was born He accomplishments, received pleaswithaccepted upheld him. and (Doctrine and 29, 1864, at November Lianalinchy,

107:22.)Covenants, justly can man No ure of a gift constituting seven volumes Ireland. Antrium, first atHe was to authority to preside,presume have merely the to of Book printed in Braille. the Mormonism through Mormon his of Priesthood, the as is case tractedby virtue

with Joseph Smith of the Reorganized preaching of President Charles W. President Grant made the presentation.

Church, for, in addition, he must be chosen Penrose. During a lecture and demonstration in

and accepted Church. reverse by the The

him. the case withwas Such action reHelen Keller Receives the Tabernacle on behalf of the blind, was

pudiated by the Twelve, the quorum in Braille Book of Mormon Miss Keller, at her special request, authority after the the martyrdom, and by heard Governor B. Herbert relate Maw office in thewhole Church. Priesthood An the history of the building /alling upon President Heber J. describe and like Priest, Apostle, is a calling SevHighenty, Elder, and derives all its authority Grant during a visit to Salt Lake its construction.

from the Priesthood; these officers hold different callings, but the same Priesthood.

{Priesthood Manual, p. 19, 20.)

2. I recollect a statement made at a certain time by our martyred prophet Joseph, She has a

whilst I was engaged in placing the oxen beneath the font; he said to those to whom

he was showing the beauty and order of this kingdom, "See this representation of Smart Mother!

the strength and power of the Twelve

IApostles."to said him, are then "They Yes, give their mothers indeed—wise the quarters four of thelooking towards children plenty of good nourishing

Iearth."answered, glad "Yes. He am

the foundation is laid so that no man can bread, like Royal Bread. This fine

overthrow or uproot it."{Millennial Star, food helps supply the energy that

Vol. IX, p. 30. Alexander Badlam.) everyone needs every day. Serve it

3. After the martyrdom of our beloved at every meal. It's delicious toasted,

prophet, the Twelve Apostles stepped fortoo.

ward, in the magnitude of their calling, and assumed the Presidency of the Church, Fresh every day at your grocer's and, as a quorum, they led it, with President

Young as president of that quorum, for several years before there was an organization of the First Presidency; and when wm,\

effected,this organization with Brigham was of as President the Church, he conFINEYoung tinued to preside for a space of thirtythree You'll also enjoyyears, until the time of his death, notwithBreaD Royal Vitamin B-l White Bread standing the combined efforts of the Adver- "Oldfashioned Home Loaf"destroysary him from and wicked men to ROYAL BAKING CO., Salt Lake & Ogrden—100% Homeowned—100% American

earth.off the Discourses, Vol. {Journal of

19, p. 227. Wilford Woodruff.)

4. The highest council or quorum in the '*f-

is the First In this Presidency.Church The Weeds Have It Now! reside all the powers of Churchbody known

government. When the Church was orYes, Morning Glory, White Top, Canada

ganized there was no First Presidency. It Thistle, Knapweed, etc., can surely make

is true, Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery life miserable, not only for the owner but held the Apostleship, which gave authority, for everybody within miles of his place.

to direction the of the Almighty,under build *': Why not invest in of neveron earth;up the Kingdom God

theless, there was no complete council orquorum in existence. At that time none of S& ACTIVATED

the offices of the Aaronic Priesthood had only andbeen made manifest, on the day officeof in the first organization the CARBON BISULPHIDE was to The problems. the noxious answerMelchizedek Eldership weed Priesthood—the

efficient, It is the powerful, economical mostconferred. This Presidency, which was now

established, exercised only part of the and thorough chemical known for noxious powers belonging to the First Presidency. weed eradication.

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery ordained office the of Elder, other toeach being so Delays are costly—order today:

offered then themselves tocommanded, and the newly organized Church as a gift fromthe Lord, to be their presiding Elders and Mack AntiWeed Gun and a Supply spiritual guides. This was the first step

toward the organization of the first council. Activated Carbon Bisulphide

the latter In part of 1830, Sidney Rigdon called assist towas by revelation Joseph in *y<? shrubsPlay safe,and preventall noxiousspread,weeds.clean Askup Poisonfor CircularOak, No.wild212.berryhis labors, especially scribe. to act as During the first thirteen months the important

business of the Church, both spiritual and WHEELER, REYNOLDS &STAUFFER, 636 California St., San Francisco

temporal, was transacted by conferences, presiding.Joseph and Oliver {Keeler. Distributors—Wasatch Chemical Co., Salt Lake City and BranchesChurch Government, 130.) p.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

THE CHURCH MOVES ON (Concluded from page 243) Elder Walker, a farmer and former of Board of the Raymond Z. W. Jacobs chief the is being credited with Made King's presidentTrade, A Full Quarter in Alberta Counsel region the a sugar that influence gave

ebulon William Jacobs recently beet industry. Provincial treasurer is

OF '* received the appointment of a Solon Low, and minister of lands and

King's Counsel in the Province of Almines is N. Eldon Tanner, both LatterSummer Study berta,ada asCanada.a missionaryHe wasto calledassist toinCanthe day Saints.

construction of the Irrigation Canal by Primary Pennies Provide in spring the President Lorenzo Snow Children's Hospital For Rich Learning. Stimulated for school 1899. taught ofof some He drive "Birthday Penny"'TT'he annual in of than fering courses more studied after time, law he and which

organization, which * of Primary the thirty departments, taught by first Saint to Latterday the be became scholarly regular faculty and admitted to the bar, in 1913. In 1917, took place the first two weeks in Febof the care possible will make of of ruary, the degree Bachelor obtained visiting professors. (List he eminent

their find children several hundred who University. Alberta from the He Laws soon.) to be announced Hospital Children's Primary the way to Bar, Inner called to he the where was

Recreation. Dances, socials, was made a King's Counsel in Noand the L. D. S. Hospital in Salt Lake,

summer sports to suit all intervember, 1940. and in other hospitals ranging north into

ests. At present he is associated as counAlberta, Canada. The money will be

for for hospitalization, used exclusively selor President to Wood Edward J. Education. June Conference on surgeons provide their and in the temphysicians stake presidency and both

1623. Visiting experts and this for free services work. Alberta, at edple Cardston, presidency

reintermountain ucators from Canada. New Branches Organized viwill discussions of gion lead

tal problems. Member of Church Made "TyviDEND Branch, SantaquinTintic

in Alberta Leader House Graduate Study. Courses for Walker James H. of Raymond, CanHornStake,Stake, andhave Powellbeen recentlyBranch,addedBig

graduate students stressed. Aid ada, prominent member of the to the list of independent branches in the

given those completing theses. Church, has been installed as opposiChurch. Kenneth F. Cropper has been

Lectures, Dramas, Musicals. tion leader of the House in the Alberta named branch leader in Dividend; preVaried cultural programs availLegislature. Latterday Saints in Alsiding Elder in Powell is Eugene Chrisable without cost to summer berta number about twenty thousand, tiansen.

populathe 800,000 2.5 per cent of school students. or conPormed from parts of the Mar Vista the tion. from Generally Warner

the Stake, and Inglewood * Ward,

Stake, Angeles Los Ward, FIRST TERM (Provo Campus) stituency,been electeda memberto the Albertaof the Churchlegislature,has Arlington

June 9 - July 18 but it was regarded as a great compli- a new branch embracing Culver City ment when a member of the Church and Palms has been formed in the InglePhilip H. Hearst has been Stake. leader of the opposition wood chosen was ALPINE TERM (Aspen Grove)

president. appointed in the House.

July 21 - August 23 1941 CHAMPIONS OF M MEN BASKETBALL

Dean, Summer School Arlington Ward cagers of

Los Angeles won sold basketballs

BRIGHAM asChurchchampionstournamentof thein 1941Salt LakeallProvo. The from Manavu Ward

Front includes: YOUNG aftervictoriousa 3533 victory over the squad

Hayleft Arnold to right:

Collins Stevenson, UNIVERSITY row,more, Bob

PROVO, UTAH Jones, Tom Fears. Second row:

Bernard Jones, Talmage Jones, Coach Frank Struhs, Wallace Ord, and Harold Jones. Back

row: Trainer Still man Pond

and Blaine McMurrin.

These Grandview Ward M. I.

A. courtiers, champions from

(Enmpany GrantGeneralStake,Board'swon Sportsmanshipthe M. I. A.

This is the lime tp think of Trophy,bolical ofa beautifulthe highestplaque,idealssymof

School Rings and Pins. We M Men athletic competition.

can furnish you with these Members of the team shown in articles. Refinement of detheto right:picture Coachare: FirstLeo Bateman,row, left

sign and quality makesus Dick Iverson, Earl Thurii, an outstanding ManufacKent Bateman, mascot, John turer. Hendricks, and Dick Coleman.

162 So. Main St. Back row: Ken Wettstein, WilPhone 4-8554 lard Johanson, Allen Wettstein,

Salt Lake City, Utah Lamar Butterworth and Don

Cambell.

244 Pictures courtesy Descret News

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

MORMON YOUTH IN THE HALL OF FAME (Concluded from page 218) chemist to do such wonderful work is the refused to be thwarted in his purpose. storyto do ofthea workyoungwithman histrainingbrain.his assistants

With a determination to live and sucIn every man's heart there are special through highceed he went public and set for apart places his mother and his YOUR HOME religion.school to the University of Dr. Aland on a great owes Woolley Wayne

gratitude to his of debt mother, her by whoberta, he an honor man. where was greater beauty for

in faith ability his has part played no mean to at the honorsFresh Unihim came

... his in success. convictions the of The livability andversity Wisconsin, of he obwhere

religion, too, given have Mormon Wayne histained degree. Ph. D. that the require. the great usually guidance ivith issue of University the of A recent faith his striving directly and been His have

Alberta's The Gateway pays Dr. influenced by his church.

Woolley the following tribute: U. of A. has had many famous sons, but

as long as chemistry continues, the name of Life has not been easy for the boy from Dr. Wayne Woolley will live on. For Bennett's

Raymond, Alberta, who has fought successthis reason we, the students of this institucrisis of fully at the tion, join together to respect and conWayne life—for

. 'I?ropr is possible is blind. him. for a gratulateWoolley. Howhis it

X/ifcr Jnsuranoy BRIDGING THE GAP (Concluded from page 212) Latterday Saint. An almost unlimited

It is only truth that counts in such number of activities are suggested invital matters as the development of a the Explorer program to care for all the Paints life. No matter how good our intenboys'needs in the fields we have spoken 69 exclusive colors.

tions, or what our beliefs or expectaof. And the leaders of the boys are

tions, if we violate the laws of nature, given almost unlimited scope in which Ask your dealer about Bennett's which are the laws of God, in our work to direct the activities of the boys, proFree ColorStyling Service with boys, the results will be disapviding they do not lose sight of the pointing to us, and likely to them. We major goals set up in the program—the Dealers Throughout the Intermountain

must know the boy, and we must recogwelfare of the boy and of society in Country nize that he is the center of interest its broadest and best sense.

in all our Scouting program. It is his If the program falls down, it is bebirthright we are dealing with. As he cause of our inability to understand it

succeeds, so we succeed; as he fails, aright, or to apply it aright. The boy

fail. of logic, no is all amount is no allso we And program The right. 'jci&j to Sxwsl of conformity to formeramount pracgreat crying need Our and need—ourright.

ihsLtices, m&, of programing no is in terms amount to get vision, time, the leaders the with of adult notions, will be effective if and the spirit to get the boy and the Prudential violate thethey laws to need know We ofvelopment the boy himself. to see ob- I Federal our governingWethemustdeprogramthe boy better;together.we need

learn the facts; we must face the facts jectives clearer; and though we need to Waif"

honestly and courageously; and we must know the program better, we must

act in the light of the facts as we learn never forget that just as the Sabbath them. was made for man and not man for

All this is the purpose of the Explorer the Sabbath, just so the Explorer proprogram. The national program and the gram is made for the boy and not the

Church program are both broad enough boy for the program. If we can keep

to make provision for every activity all this in mind, and carry out the pronecessary to meet the needs of the gram as is intended it shall be carried growing boy to develop him into a deout, then, indeed, the program will sirable type of individual citizen and bridge the gap. Liberal Dividends

3% Per Annum RETURN Encourage Regular Thrift

Start your savings account (Continued page 205) from or as as $1.00 as full ful letters of home, always hope with

Safety as littleyou please. much

I all right. couldthing was "the to encouragement goodand insured cry now and is Federally up

with the others, cry with relief and ness of the Lord,"he had sacrificed, $5,000.plus all Alldividendsmoneycredited,saved,

joy. I was filled with a sense of gone without meals even as I had maydeductionsbe withdrawnof any kind.without

pride for this thing well done. done. I felt very close to him; and Write for Details of

I looked at him as he stood with very, very proud of him. "Saveby-Mail"The Handy

his arm around Mama, the baby on I could hardly wait until we could Plan his other arm, and I noticed that the go outside together and I could show collar of his broadcloth, longtail him the garden and the barns and the coat was frayed, that his shirt was animals. I could picture him sayChartered and Supervised by U. S. Gov't.

patched, and his trousers shiny and ing, "That's fine, son; you have

worn. He was thinner than he had more than earned your fifty cents."

ever been, and there were points of And I could see him handing me gray in his black hair. I knew, the silver piece—large, shining AND LOAN ASSOCIATION

suddenly, that in spite of his cheer- (Concluded on page 246) 125 South Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

Return (Concluded from page 245)

could see myself going to the store, 1941 SUMMER SESSION picking out the penny candies I

AT THE—licorice,would sharegumwithdrops,the otherjawbreakers;children

to pin UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE buyingon her dressMamaona Sundays;handkerchiefsomething

OPENS JUNE 9, CLOSES JULY 18 for Papa, for the baby.

I could hardly wait, but Mama he seemed and to have so many Full schedule of regular courses in undergraduate and graduate things to say to each other—Jennie's Doctor said work will be taught by the resident faculty. sick spell, what the

about her heart; Jimmie's running

Among the Visiting Faculty Members are the Following: away several weeks before; the trip;'

that things of they dozens could just Schuyler Wallace—American Government—Columbia time. well other say some John of L. Childs—Philosophy Education—Teachers College,UniversityColumbia Unias versity Finally, Mama went to start dinPaul J. Misner—Education—Glencoe, Illinois, and Northwestern University ner, and I had a moment alone with

Mandel Sherman—Child Psychology—University of Chicago him. I knew I must come to the point

Ralph Pearson—Art—New York City quickly before one of the other chil-

R. C. dren tugging at his leg, shoutcame Pooley—Director of English Teachers Conference—University of Wisconsin at him. ing

Mark L. Entorf—Director of Family Life Institute—Cornell University "Papa,"I began and he turned to

S. W. Chan—Special Lecturer—Stanford University. me, though his eyes had a sad, farJohn A. Widtsoe—Moral Education—Former President of the Utah State Agrioff look in them, "Papa, I've kept

cultural College and University of Utah it and tended—to things—Franklin L. West—Moral Education—Commissioner of Education, L. D. S. theI> ve garden Church

Frederic Ganzert—Latin American History—University of Utah "I know, son,"he said gravely,

Jennie has written a help what you "Mama Campbell—Elementary Education—Utah State Department of Education been."he put Then, have his arm

Tessie State College I as about Agan—Housing had Problems—Kansas my shoulders—just Mildred School I in Teaching of Family Life Probcould Ahlstrom—Demonstration imagined he would—and School Oklahoma System lems—Tulsa, scarcely still for the trembling stand

Coaching School: that shook me. He said solemnly,

"Yes, you have helped fill a misClark Shaughnessy—Football—Stanford

Forrest Cox—Basketball—Colorado UniversityUniversity sion."

I waited breathlessly for him to (THE USUAL DAILY LECTURE PROGRAM IS PLANNED) say more, but he just stood quietly,

REGULARLY SCHEDULED POST SESSION hisder.handI knewpressinghe hadhardforgotten.on my shoul-A

JULY 21 TO AUGUST 15 lump rose in my throat despite my

Write for catalogue and additional information pity and my understanding.

He made no sign of going with me, so I walked out alone, to the straight be- I stood very telling myself that I was UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE causegarden.I was

LOGAN, UTAH too big to cry. For several moments

I could not see anything. When

things went into'position before my eyes I saw the garden, green and watering; fresh from furrows I saw

clean of weeds. and for straight prices paid HIGHEST* SuccessIN Ahead -BDDKS- "ROTTf-'W'TVDWUafli. L. D. S. books, pamph- I did not the emotion understand lets, etc., (old or AmeriWestern new)

sell I I felt, your later books on we will happier but I was knew basis. in constant are We I in ever a funthan been had... Beauty Culture cana,commissiontouch withetc. allOr national markets which book

guarantees Culture for prices golden you. Beauty ny, aching sort of way. opportunities Quishforoffers of rare hardto- stock and TV to operators. trained Plan COTJVZJjiy. higherneget works. Church Western

enroll oldest now items. Literary Guild, Bookof-theMonth

largest and other Club at popular and bargain books inschool—prepareUtah's profitable for successful, a prices.

career. in in Drop you're browse anytime and GOSSIP write or concerning town any books you're OIIISH interested in. By Rose Jean Rasey

of Culture School Beauty WILSON'S in Best West*'the "The whirlwind /ossip is a BOOK EXCHANGE 4-0313 338 So. Main, Phone

113 E. Salt 2nd South Lake City City, Salt Lake Utah it flies; as Augmented References furnished request. on Fill for in coupon new

just accident, Always, by illustrated catalog.

dirt into eyes. our Blows BOOKS246

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

Navajo Peace

(Continued from page 215) the people wereat a glance how surYou'll enjoy the Indians, the and theyrounded by gave some very pointed counsel, advising the people to build and settle grand new flavor of in a fort, treat the Indians kindly, and live their religion. The settlers

were told not to scatter out over the country till other places could be established, and they were promised that if they remembered to obnot this be counsel, it wouldserve "Cream *ful"Milk lives take the fornecessary them to of the Indians, and the Lord would It tastes richer because all the bottle as at the top. More

care for and protect the people of cream is evenly distributed readily digestible, too, due to the colony. through every drop. It's always complete emulsification of the

It is now sixtyone years since the as rich at the bottom of the cream. Try this improved milk.

first settlers located in San Juan

County, Utah. Many of the original pioneers have passed. Not

one Indian's life was taken by the Clev&rleat but with pioneers, andearly Mormon

Home Of Fine Dairy Products 8 the of exception, not oneone sad pioneers lost his life at the hands of the Indians.

first the before stated, As specific IRON AGE the members given to counsel Potatoes AGE makes that they colony was theof new S 'f/xixSttvi'IRON until time in forts such locate you. pick Ishould two, One, Crop a Money three, foul the safe considered byas it was

row sizesChurch authorities to scatter out on 100% ranches. About five years after loACCURACYfor bigger

cating on the river, the Barton potato profits brothers and the Hyde family established an Indian trading post about With a reliable man on ten miles down the San Juan River, Age Assisted Feed thePotatoback Planter,of your you'llIron. Feed,.. for biggerthe world'scropwest of Bluff, the new settlement. profits.realize a Iron100%AgecropAssistedstand

of only accurate planter, manager no assures was 100% M. BartonAmasa

doubles, injury no misses, seed no well for went and allthe company, vides possible greatest accuracy.... prospacing

a time. By extraordinary thrift and Tuberif desired.unit or BandWay fertilizer attachments No doubles—no misses—more U. S. No. 1 potatoes

industry, the company prospered and Write for new 1941 planter catalog. with the automatic Iron Age Potato Planter. Iron

accurate) adjustable picks (practically Age 100% ahead.forged assure spacing, injure even not do seed—help A. CO., B. Limited FAROUHAR their profitwise of out growers money more make young husky one But day two

St., 1146 York, Pa. Duke for crop. catalog information Write complete and store, into the cameNavajos Distributor: Co., States Mountain Implement St., York, Pa. Limited, Duke A. 1146 B. FARQUHAR, Utah Ogden, later events as bent,""trouble

Co., Dist.: Imp. States Ogden, Utah Mountain

proved. One of them had somebeads in pawn, but some of his folks JH0NAC'pOmO PLANTERS

had been in since the first date of the pawn, and drawn still other merchandise on the beads, and for this JJtSL fojCL the young fellow refused to make tried goodBartonpayment. Mr. jul. jwjv jcwoiicdblsL the Indians, pacify tonaturedly but MASTER INDEX

they were sullen and ugly, and one fromA 1897comprehensiveto 1940, inclusive,work coveringpreparedsubjectsby S. Byarsand authors,of the Saltcrossindexed,Lake Public forLibrary,fortythreeelaboratedvolumes,by

of them, taking him by surprise, the "Era"staff.

grabbed him from behind and atThis useful reference work will be invaluable to libraries and private collectors and students.

tempted to hold him fast while the other shot him with a small IN LOS ANGELES calibre pistol. Of the two shots IPSE For OVER FIFTY YEARS

thus fired, one took effect in in treatment of Canker, simpleMr. Barton's head, but the other, WMMk Horn Aids

missing its mark, lodged in the heart 5th at Spring sore throat and other minor mouth of the fellow holding him. The Tariff from $2.50 and throat irritations.

Navajo, thus mortally wounded, Recognized Utah Headquarters in

Los Angeles the store of out in walkingsucceeded Remedy Canker Director Hall's Managing less in dead he droppedwhere So. at Salt Lake City, Utah 536 East 2nd of Salt than CLAYTONFormerlyV. SMITH, Lake City

[Continued on page 248) 20 ASSORTassur Navajo Peace P (Continued from page 247) BULBS a minute. The first shot left Amasa blmholbs Barton in a dazed condition, and the

after remaining seeing that Navajo, Only - varieties. form *** companion, he had killed his own

Guaranteed to gro fired another shot into the fallen or raore storekeeper's head and fled into the reservation.

There being no other menfolk at the post, Mr. Barton's wife, and her

mother, sent a friendly Mrs. Hyde, TO OBTAIN THISHOW to Bluff, Preshaste where Pahute in WONDERFUL VALUE! ident Platte D. Lyman and the writer

10cMail plus SPECIAL OFFER COUPON the to the call and returnedlop) from package of Honey Bee Grahams(or boxby answered to: Purity their trouble. Before place of the

arrival, several however, Navajos PURITY BISCUIT CO. %Wl across the river, removed came from Salt Lake City, Utah

the body of their friend, and looted

Your bulbs sent will be at the store, taking with them all they postpaid. once Just think!

10c Only colfor a gorgeous could carry.

orful flower of garden asbitter sorted gladioli. followed of sadness of each Two A week

10 beautiful varieties from eu friend, poor tragedy. Our the famous Kundred Nurserg7;f\\$"''. Sj 1. this.

ies all bulbs are... No. 4 sufferlay unconscious and Amasa, size bulbs, inspected and

guaranteed to grow. Ofing, while the Navajos gathered on

fered solely to induce you to try delicious Honey Bee a high mesa across the river in plain

Grahams by Purity. SPECIAL are atview, and apparently became more OFFER COUPONS

all tached to reason day. Honey excited every For Bee some Graham packages. 6V2 Send fired their to us, guns they t> ozs. unknown for your bulbs today! 2 lbs.

lib. at frequent intervals, and this demonstration continued several days.

PURITY BISCUIT CO.- - - Salt Lake City, Utah At night they would build fires and

stand or lie by them till morning.

/"""\ne day we noticed an Indian leave the crowd and start down the high bluff, coming straight for the post. He was alone and that looked

good to us. Under ordinary conditions the sight of our friend Tom

Holliday walking boldly up the river bank towards us would not have meant much, but what the appearance of our manly friend meant to us just at that time in our peril, is almost too sacred to attempt to tell.

There are some things that the Good

Father of us all brings about in working out "His sovereign will,"and all we can say is that he was our "Friend in need."

The first words of Tom Holliday were: "I come to see what is the

trouble between my friends, and to see if I cannot do something to help make peace."

The four or five men and six women who had kept vigil over our wounded brother for days and nights at this lonely trading post, with the hundreds of Indians acting so strangely all around, accepted the visit of our stalwart friend as a direct interposition of a kind Providence.

As soon as Holliday found out the true condition of our camp, and ate to his lunch, people he back went river, to the f/netato* GLOBE Alm 4/ FLOUR across advised and them

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

NAVAJO PEACE return to their homes. He told them could return to their homes till they ready to go anywhere and do the

we were not on the war path, and were ready to meet us as friends fighting for all peaceful Americans;

that if any trouble came to them, it should meet, on equal terms. and in case the Navajos would not

would be from Washington, D. C now listen to our offers of friendship,

and it would not come till some time Some of the older heads saw the and preferred to fight, we would in the future, if at all. The Indians point and stacked their guns as renotify the big men at Washington,

took our peacemaker's advice and quested, but the majority remained and soldiers would be sent in to fight sullen. insisted that our We reit their for the other hand,scattered them. homes; Holliday out with On

right, that and quest was it was if as talk post it overreturned to to the with and stayed wanted they us a day or two. final; they must do as we suggested sensible people, the government

Amasa Barton lingered in a dazed or withdraw. Then they gave up would send in wise men to confer

condition seven days without sleep, a few at a time till all that were with the leading men of the Navajos, before passing away. As is usual in armed had submitted, and the council and settle it in a peaceable way.

very serious trouble, the women of proceeded. This latter proposal got over to

our party stood up under the strain In answer to their questions as to them at just the right stage of the of that trying time better than we what we intended to do about the pow wow, and that party of Navajo men folk. The remains were taken killing at the BartonHyde Post, we warriors was completely whipped,

to Bluff, where services were held gave them to understand that we suing for peace, and ready for the and the body placed in the cemetery would not do any fighting, that we long pipe.

there. were not soldiers, that our business The San Juan pioneers were more

A few weeks later, about one hunwas to farm and raise stock, and than willing to give the Lord full dred Navajos came into Bluff with that we were trying to teach all men credit for leading us safely out of their war paint and guns and de-—red, white, or black—to live in these and other perils, to thank Him

manded a war council. There were peace. But we told them, too, that for inspiring our leaders to send

but three grown men in town: Bishall Americans paid taxes to the genfaithful Indianscout missionaries to

op Jense Nielson, John Allan, Jr., eral government, and in case there the Indians where the foundation of

and the writer, who acted as inwere Navajos, Utes, Mexicans, nepeace was laid, and thankful also terpreter. The Indians were told groes, or white people who would for our old friend Tom Holliday,

that if they would dismount and not obey the law and pursue the who appeared on the scene in the stack their guns, we would consent ways of peace, our big men at Washdarkest moment of trouble to prove to hold a council, otherwise they ington had trained fighting men himself "a friend in deed."

- UNIVERSITY OF UTAH SUMMER SESSION, 1941

JUNE 16 To JULY 23: POST SESSION - JULY 28 To AUGUST 22

M. I. A. WORKERS

will fincl a wide selection of pleasant and profitable courses available to them, with or without college credit; for example:

Art 126, Appreciation of Art and Beauty in Everyday Living;

Zoology 120, A Study of Birds, emphasizing those found locally;

Education 216, School Discipline—development of group cooperation;

Home Economics 101, Health and Nutrition;

Music 121, History and Literature of MusicPhysical Education 195, Recreational Physical Activities.

VISITING FACULTY ASK FOR BULLETIN

The outof-state visiting faculty will include the following eminent educators: PHILO M. BUCK, JR., Chairman, Department of The Summer Session Bulletin, ready for distribution about April

Literature. of University Wisconsin; WILLIAM lists etc., credit, fees, full information concerning 1st, gives and Coordinator of Curriculum, Los ComparativeCOWAN, Schools; Angeles County

briefly local visiting the offered; names and ALL courses Instructor, M. JESSUP, Subjects, EVA Commercial Los Angeles describes

Public Schools; RUTH S. DAHLKE, Instructor in Dancing. Winnetka, faculty. The public is cordially invited to the lectures, book

Illinois, Schools; Public Professor of Political STUART, GRAHAM

Science, Stanford University; Professor HAROLD S. TUTTLE, of reviews,at 11:00 a.andm. inmusicalKingsburyprogramsHall. provided daily the first five weeks Education, College of the City of York. New

If you do not regularly receive a copy of the Summer Session Bulletin, request a copy of

THE PRESIDENT'S OFFICE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH - Salt Lake City, Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

BIOCHEMISTRY AND ALCOHOLIC RECREATION {Continued from page 210) who support the alcohol industry %, a REAL TREAT no matter what of the higher thought centers of the cannot shirk the responsibility for its the occasion brain so that simple activity will effect upon those who cannot tolerate suffice for amusement. There is an the drug. It is actually impossible

element of grim humor in the picture to say with any assurance as so of a world in which men use the marmany have said, "Oh, have a little vel of intellect to win success and drink; one drink never hurt anytime for leisure and recreation, and body."

then in that time, so hard won, deliberately lock up with alcohol their Ts the danger of overindulgence greatest source of enjoyment, and confined largely to those who are seek fun in halfconsciousness. sensitive to alcohol and to those who

The apparent object of those who have failed to make a happy adjustadvocate the moderate use of alcohol ment in their social environment?

is to drink only often enough to reThe answer based upon biochemical place the alcohol naturally elimistudy is "No!"The human body

nated by the body and thus remain itself produces substances which in a carefree, happy state for the affect the stability of the nervous duration of a social occasion. While system in much the same way that

the drinker can tell when the effect it is affected by alcohol. Thus the

CHERRY CHOCOLATES ofalwaysa cocktailtell whenis wearingit is becomingoff he cannottoo nervousthrown outsystemof balancemay bebytemporarilyshock re- "// It's Glade's It's Good"strong; if he takes too many, the sulting from severe nervous strain

You'll find Glade's Candies wherever power of judgment is destroyed so or it may be permanently out of balGood Candies are sold. that he becomes powerless to recogance due to abnormal glandular acnize severe intoxication or to halt it. tivity. Permanent or recurrent irIt is this pitfall of overindulgence rational behavior is called insanity,

which is still generally held to be the while the temporary condition is most dangerous problem associated termed nervous shock. Nervous

with the use of alcohol. Advocates shock often follows the tragic or dislife such

severe Lomplete oflittlemoderationtime peoplecontendcan getthat usedwith toa asappointingthe loss experiencesof a loved ofone, having liquor and learn to control sickness in the home, or business it. The biochemist points out that failure. Hysteria, loss of memory,

sanity depends, among other things, of muscular coordination, and other Rankin9 upon the chemical stability of the abnormal conditions are largely the nervous system. result of the chemical unbalance proThis state of stability is different duced in the nervous system.

for each person and will be affected It logically follows that if a permore sharply by alcohol for some son who has been under severe strain The general forward movefor others. absorption and than The or suffered takes has a shock who in this finds business ment of elimination the alcohol body by "let in alcohol to small even amounts strong, conservative bank

fluids single for greatly a even vary relieve tension, the the and down"its clients with cooperating eating affected person, and being by effect the to alcohol the of added in possible every way. Our activities. other exercise well as as effect his selfproducing deof service includes Commerbiochemist with conclude must The stabilizing easily agents and may cial Savings Accounts, and psychiatrist, the the of support who quickly his of destroy judgpower Trust Department—acting there cases, that actual reports the that will not so aware ment he be as Administrator, Executor,

will of be members always some intoxication soof the to or have power Trustee, Guardian and alcohol. ciety tolerate cannot who drinking. Again, stop numerous Abstract Department and sensitive person, In of the the case histories case of alcoholism acute Safety Deposit Boxes.

in brain the the of judgment powers this conclusion. support Moderate

are so quickly anesthetized that he use of alcohol may change to exis not aware of intoxication and cessive use during periods of emoSAVINGS & therefore has no will to stop drinktional stress or severe nervous strain.

TRUST CO. ing. But here it must be emphasized, UTAH235 South Main Street Other individuals apparently have these are the shocks of life which

Member Federal Reserve System never been comfortable in their somay wait around the corner for any

Member Federal Deposit cial environment, so that when they man at any day or any hour. It must

Insurance Corporation use alcohol and revert to youth or be concluded that no person who childhood, they do not reach a state uses alcohol in moderation can be of comfort, and consequently drink assured that he can meet the shocks

SEND THE ERA themselves into a state of forgetfulof life and continue to maintain modtoaway—andyour friendskeep andthemlovedcloseonesto nessFor thisand sectionbecomeofhopelesssociety, addicts.there is willeration,but becausenot becauseof theofnaturethe lackof theof

home. no middle ground; it is simply total drug!

abstinence or drunkenness. Those (Concluded on page 252)

MILLIONS OF LAMB DINNERS start at "Dutch"Wardlaw's ranch

Just across the Rio Grande River from "We raise about 12,000 lambs yearly on

Mexico -—at Del Rio—I checked in with our two ranches,"Mr. Wardlaw told me.

C. B. Wardlaw, a sheepman of 35 years "All wether lambs are sold as feeders,

experience. He was 1940 president of the along with about 1 5% ewes we have culled

National Wool Growers Association and out. The bulk of our ewes are kept for reis a former president of the Texas Sheep placements and we hold them six or seven

and Goat Raisers Association. Together years."Around 25,000 sheep are sheared

with his partner, C. H. Whitehead, sixyearly on theWardlawWhitehead ranches.

foottwo "Dutch"Wardlaw owns two No wool is held on the ranches—pracsheep ranches which spread into three tically every pound produced in this area

counties, cover more than 112 square miles. is stored in a warehouse until sold

Oscar, a smart (THIS IS \ here shown g o a t, is JDELKIOX feeder leading lambs J&iwW'onto a twodecker truck for shipment.

All wether lambs are sold as feeders

yth'i

A get sheep water, "Our Wardlaw? Mr. ABOUT

JSafevpayj wells operit up fromWHATplenty of water. pump We <s

ated by windmills."Reponcr

Feed costs run high? "Right on our own range you will

find mesquite grass, live oak, shin oak, Juajilla, Sotal,

Cenizo brush. Only in the driest years do we need to give

our sheep feed besides what they get on the range."

How about labor? "Our land is fenced off into pastures of from 1,000 to 2,000 acres with sheeptight mesh vvs&nMrfST?

wire. With these fenced ranges our labor costs are very

low—one man on horseback can usually handle from

8,000 to 10,000 acres."

What are your ideas on marketing? "Like every business we have our marketing problems and price ups and

downs. On the production end we've developed a mediumweight feeder lamb of the type many feeders have been

demanding. We're making progress on the selling end,

too, with the help of Safeway and other food chains.

Safeway is helping to get more people eating lamb by advertising lamb regularly. Those producer -consumer

lamb drives put on by Safeway and the other chain stores Here's display banner used by Safeway stores have given us a real marketing lift. In the National Wool during one of the producer -consumer lamb

Growers Association's 'eat more lamb'campaign I know drives referred to here by Mr. Wardlaw

the Safeway folks have cooperated one hundred percent."Your Safeway Ranch and Farm Reporter

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

BIOCHEMISTRY AND ALCOHOLIC RECREATION "L. D. S. TRAINING PAYS!"( Concluded from page 250 first, under the influence of alcohol

Finally, the antagonism of alconatural appetites remain active; sechol to morality has long been recogond, alcohol destroys the acquired

nized. The chemistry of alcoholism power of restraint. "There Is a Tide emphasizes this incompatability and The study of the biochemical acin the Affairs itsAmonginherentthe thoughtdangerpatternsto society.in the tem,tion ofthen,alcoholsupportsin thethenervousconclusionssysbrain which are blotted out by the that:

inaction of alcohol assoare those eliminate tends to 1. Alcohol nf Men..."ciated appetites. in with has tellect Nature an amount from recreation

made the sex impulse among the proportional to the alcohol con-... and such a tide is rising now strongest of the natural appetites. sumed.

in the nation's business. The dein- of alcohol fraction the concentration of the population As 2. A

for is skilled office workers mand creases the tolerate system, control its alcohol cannot in the nervous or greater than the supply. wall of intelligent and spiritually stause, but soon becomes subject to

bilized restraint must inevitably addiction and drunkenness.

crumble and disappear. It is no 3. Nervous strain or shock tends

longer a matter of training, of pride, to unbalance the nervous system in or of refinement; it is reduced to such a way that a moderate user of

simple chemistry. Wherever the alcohol may easily lose control of

use of alcohol becomes widespread, drinking and become an alcoholic.

loose sexual relations must follow 4. The acquired restraints which

with all the misery of shattered lives, are a mark of refinement and culture broken homes, disease, and degradaare obliterated by the action of altion. Even without the records of cohol on the brain, leaving unconsocial agencies to testify, the statetrolled appetite to tear down the

ment could hardly be contested, standards of morality and thus since only two facts are concerned, threaten the very foundation of both established experimentally Christian civilization.

JAREDITE BARGES

( Concluded from page 211) After they had "set forth into the and in back of the tube, just at the sea"furious winds blew them totop of the second deck, the living ward the "land of promise"and they quarters of man and animals. The "were many times buried in the

hold, or bottom, is the place where depths of the sea and were encomfood, water, and "seed of every passed about by many waters"but kind"are stored. These stop holes were immediately "brought forth

can easily be opened or closed as again upon the top of the water"needed. through the cry of their faith and

The purpose of the bottom hole the "lightness"of their craft.

is at least twofold: First, it acted It is easy to believe that boats

If you plan to enter business, this as a stabilizer to keep the barge at of this size would be buried many is the time to get your training. A an even keel; second, it could be times in the sea, for they were small,

few months of intensive classwork used to get rid of refuse. As a third probably not more than a hundred

here will help you to qualify for the function, it may also have aided in feet long, with a cargo of between better positions. inducing the circulation of air when seventy and ninety tons, negotiating

the barges were "tossed upon the the Pacific Ocean with waves, at

Write today for our "Bulletin of waves"whereby air would be sucked times, over fifty feet high.

Information."in and forced out again through the Their mode of travel from the

tube. shores of Asia was in barges "upon

When the barges were ready for the waters,"and their motivated debarkation, all varieties of provipower was furnished by "furious sions were taken into them. They winds."Quite probably their route

also had a cargo of all kinds of aniwas in the Japan Current, which seeds, mals, fowls, the east "desof to and travels from west at a rate L. D. S. eret."water. fresh miles also took twelve twentyone between and They

The record reports that they were per day, and if the Pacific is about "tight like a dish."In the center of seven thousand miles across, the BUSINESS the barges were provided several "three hundred and forty and four

vats for the storage of water, which days"that they were upon the water also acted as ballast, for the barges would be pretty well consumed. COLLEGE had to keep their equilibrium. When They disembarked near the land

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH a vat was emptied for drinking purcalled Desolation by the Nephites, poses, it could be refilled with sea "it being the place of their first water. landing.'

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

Evidences and Reconciliations (Continued from page 225) one must cancel out the effect ofthe Fall. PETER PAN CAFE

It was one of the tasks of Jesus To serve good food at the lowest possible price is our sole aim.

Christ to effect this return of body to spirit. He was born of a mortal Dine with us. You will like the prompt and courteous service of

woman, but begotten by God, an our ailAmerican help.

eternal Being. Hence, He was both

man and God, of earth and of heaGood food is a habit at the Peter Pan.

subsequent deathven. and By His 224 So. Main Salt Lake City. Utah

of bodies all men,resurrection, the laid in the grave by Adam's act, were or will be raised into eternal life. This is the atonement of Jesus

the Christ. The death of Jesus, who

had immortality within His reach, was not as the death of mortal men.

Just how His death brought about the resurrection is not known, and, as with the "Fall,"is probably beyond human understanding. Yet, vicarious acts, faintly comYour Engine needs spring

parable to the vicarious acts of Jesus and Adam, appear in daily life. One

man may for certain purposes cut the wires that supply a city with light, leaving multitudes io find their way in darkness. Another man may ". reunite the wires, and again flood the housecleaning 'fKmn too city with light. The cutting of the iLzJt

wires, and especially the reuniting of \ them, is often done with peril to life. <r

Jesus died that men, all men, may recover their earthly bodies from the We do it right—let us

grave. Despite our frailties, follies,

or sins, our bodies will be raised from the grave and given to the waiting spirits. Every person born into the

world will be so resurrected. The separation of our earthbodies MotO'juvenate

through Adam's act is cancelled out by Jesus, in his willingness to pass YOUR CAR FOR SPRING through death and the resurrection.

Men must do many things to win The important item is the special solvent we use to salvation in the Kingdom of God. flush out your crankcase. It loosens up the dirt, just

Jesus, the Christ, as head of the Plan as soaps and cleaning compounds loosen the smudges of Salvation, under His Father, has on your walls and woodwork at home. many duties to perform for the blessing of man; and consequently has And after your engine is thoroughly cleansed inside, we

many titles. He is known as our refill the crankcase with fresh, clean Vico, the modern

Elder Brother, our Redeemer, our oil for modern motors.

Advocate with the Father, each title meriting special discussion. His In addition, we service the Oil Filter and Air Cleaner.

for necessary compensation Adam's is really spring "housecleaning"a act, brought about by which He the Remember—thisof your the rejuvenated powyou'll enjoy engine—and is direct resurrection, the most

er, car. smoothness of economy and your

meaning of His title, Redeemer.

The "Fall of Adam"and the atonement of Jesus Christ are necessary key concepts of the Gospel. Drive in

Christianity stands or falls with them. Neither of these concepts ior this economical service at

can be understood except as they this iamiliar sign are placed in their proper places in the whole Plan of Salvation. Yet EverywhereUtah Oil Servicein Utah Stationsand Idaho

vve know that they were equally (Concluded on page 255) THt IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

SOLUTION OF MARCH PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword PuzzleShushan's Lovely Queen "And let the maiden which pleaseth the king be queen instead of Vashti. And the thing pleased the king; and he did so."—Esth. 2: 4.

You Get

Double Value

from your subscription to THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, and other Church publications, when you preserve your magazines in permanently bound volACROSS umes. Send your back 1 the maid was fair. beauti35 "all that handle the..."

numbers to us now! ful"36 "there is... law of his, to put

4 "he set... royal crown upon him to death"

her head and made her queen"37 "every perfect gift is from..."

7 "And the... said unto Esther"39 "Go, gather together... the

11 "... sat on the throne of his Jews"

kingdom, which was in Shushan 41 "The adversary and enemy is this the palace"wicked..."(bwrinq 14 Extinct bird 44 High mountain \

15 "if a man shall dig a..."46 Size of shot

that the rideth 16 Pair 47 "extol him upon fipsriL...".'his 17 heavens Resounded by name.

We will return them to 19 "andcart sin..."as it were with a 49 "borean.. his."ear through '.'*'.''with

you postpaid, attractively 21 Screw pine 51 "... came before the Icing; for

and durably bound in 2322 "Shushan's"because theLovelyLord Queen"... Israel"her"Esther had told what he was to

cloth, stamped in gold. 25 Coin of Peru; ride on (anag.) 54 New England state

26 From 55 "seal it with... king's ring"

27 "over.., hundred and seven 56 "out of the house of the...

Improvement Era $2.00 and twenty provinces"unto the king's house"

Spy 1,50 28Relief Society Magazine is Printer's Esther 31 1, 4, 7,. 22, measure Text from Our

;:Children's Friend of disgust 32.2.00 Exclamation combined'and 56 55, 23, 37, 39,

Instructor 1.50 DOWN

1 Descendant 1 Chron 5: 15 25 "Mordecai, of Gad who had taken'frer'for per volume

;: 2 his..."carbonate Native sodium

3 Repeat sign in music 29 American author,..:, Ship 4 worms Time 30 7

Part 5 the of day Son of Noah '33 ",//.,,...,";. Feminine 6 Against 34 nameI h,e Deseret

is yet 8 "There one man, Micaiah Olio 36 the son of..."1 Kings 22: 8 38 The soul (Egypt. Relig.)'-

9 New Testament form of Noah 40 Note ews Press 10 "the country of the..., which 42 "and fell down... his feet".

in City Maine over against Galilee"Luke 43 29 Richards Street is cast,.., that is, the ldt; 8: 26 "they 45

. 11 "strong and Salt Lake City, Utah

... 12 "a large.room. for furnished"war"47 "hebeforehad Hamantold themfrom thatday heto day"was

13 "fill the waters in the..."a..."

"Pioneer Printers and Binders 18 "whosoever shall... this word"48 An occupant of the ark

... it"in the... of a hole "bored 50

r,.,/-, Sinai one 51 was of the West"20 "Andthe houseEstherof setHaman"Mordecai

22 Marine fish 52 "... that men would praise the

24 "planted a garden eastward Lord"254 in..."53 That is

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1941

Evidences and ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS Reconciliations Seven popular flavors. Pure, delicious gelatin

( Concluded rom page 253 for tasty, colorful desserts. Also Royal Salad

necessary, as are the beginning and Gelatin, which has a meatlike flavor (not sweet), end of a journey. and is ideal for jellied soups and moulded salads.

Adam and Eve, who began the earth work in sacrifice and courage, ROYAL PUDDINGS are the greatest and noblest of the Chocolate, Butterscotch, Vanilla Puddings and human race. Jesus, the Christ, our Royal Vanilla Tapioca. Rich, smooth, creamy

Master and Brother, who gave His puddings that are easy to make.

very life for man, is the great divine

Leader of the Plan formulated by ROYAL BAKING POWDER

God for man's good. In His name, The only nationallydistributed baking powder

through the appointment of the Famade with cream of tartar. For fluffy cakes and

ther, are done all things pertaining grand biscuits.

to the earth and the race of men.

(A full discussion of this subject FLEISCHAAANN'S YEAST.&*&

is in President found John Taylor's All -Purpose Yeast o[—The MediationThe and Atonement

Use. for HouseholdOur Lord, Jesus Christ. A. W.

to your health, in this famous food m )—J. Now—drink

The Editor's Page plain, cool, tomato juice, milk or water.You'll like it

(Concluded from page 203) I told the people in Tooele County, in that sevenand-onehalf- that thereminute speech, should DANCE PROGRAMS ORDER MADE TO fwf'oiTfR innot be Tooele County a man size prices. at or shape, design Any low We COMPLETE A

styles from. choose Write have you many may than had no more meanswho SERVICE ENGRAVING for prices. samples and

Missionary From Portraits to the LargestI for had do more would for Tickets 100 $2.50 $1.25—500 who Catalogues

building meetinghouses, who would Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention in public enterprisedo more for any HOVEY CO. UTAH ENGRAVING Phone 3-0617PRESS

St. Salt Lake City, Utah 25 Salt Lake City 113 Regent East North Templethat county, do; that than I would

there should not be a man in that county who would live the Word of

Wisdom more strictly than I would;

that there should not be a man there hVLAN fke conscientious would be a morewho tithepayer; and that I would doeverything the equal of any other WECT VACAT/ON!

man, as far as my ability would allow me to do, that I required of any Send NOW for free 1941 vacation folders (see other man. I am a firm believer in eoupon below) but don't peek yet!

saying "Come on"instead of saying "Go."They may have sung there that Jotyou downwant tothedo,placesthe timeyou youwantwantto see,to spend.the things

inclined did they amday—I a quick Make estimate of the Thee, cost—transporta- a For Thank—"We to OthinkGod, tion, hotels, sightseeing tours, entertainment and sixProphet."solid traveled I have so on. Too Wait! much? aren't You through

in different settleat timeweeks yet. a

! your vacation folders NOW Chances heard,ments and Thee, Thank "We are 10..to. look1 you'llat find an ExpensePaid Tour by

in a Prophet,"For sung AirConditionedO God, SuperCoach fits that idea vour every one of them; and I have of a perfect vacation to a "T"... plus many

thought time and time again that thrilling extras you thought you couldn't afford.

there were any number of LatterFinally, compare the costs. Actually much less

day Saints who ought to put a postthan your own estimate, no matter how you thee, plannedcoupon—TODAY—andto go! You don'tsee believefor yourself!it? Mail the usscriptO God,on forit anda Prophet,say, "Wetothankguide

in these latter days, provided he guides us the way we want to be uman pacific stages guided."Of course things in or out of the 'OSfr

Church do not always go to please us, personally, but the thing for each FREEPaste VACATIONthis coupon FOLDERS!on a penny postal card and mail to

Temple 77 is West South individual every TOURS,and to PACIFIC BUS UNION to do make information a trip on for free St., Utah, Salt Lake City,

is or herup his or he she mind that to mWM\ NAME the thinggoing to do the Lord would

ADDRESSlike rather himself than making unCITY STATE - IE441 happy by seeking cause for criticism.

CORRECTION College of Agriculture,

Wisconsin. Madison, of the Council of F. Richards Elder of George birthday THE is writing who graduate student here from West Virginia 27 as falls 23, February not on February on the Twelve erroneously announced in the Era for March, 1941, p. 157. (See A a thesis on religious publications informs me that our

also picture of George F. Richards Family, page 221.) magazines and newspapers are far ahead of those of other

-<$>- denominations... William. The EraB. Ward,especially.

Assistant, Agricultural Journalism Dept. Sine ERA—ly Speaking

Wife: -- "We should subscribe to the ERA, 'Tis only two dollars per yERA; HABIT?

will best read The we can apERA to newlysettled sent invitation to a dinner had been An the in Improvement month Each letter hostess the reply received ERA."physician, a so hopeand in

sister, quoth good our Thus VERA. it that lessly out whether unable she scrawled was to make

otherwise. or acceptance an was Hubby:

it said the druggist,"to her "Druggists husband. "Take it, right, we'll have "You're my dERA

it is. 'writing, doctors'read matter can always no bad how the of Church'"Voice we will bERA; The

letter the at so. the looking After moment, did a She rest ease, dear at So my now VERA

five his store. the rear In druggist to minutes of he went for the I've paid already For ERA."

bottle. returned with a

—J. Ed. Welch, Wd. Clerk. "There you are, ma'am,"he said; "that will be fifty cents."

Huntington Park Ward, South Los Angeles Stake. AYE, AYE, SIR!

-<>—"Dearest,"said the new husband to his bride, "do you really

Graeagle, Calif. think I'll prove a satisfactory mate?"

all right,"for you'll his precious answered "Oh, a mate do Brethren: Dear

tell look over of your and you think me what me "Now

PORTOLA Branch needs more than the average allotment of girl.captain."

order books because we have many members and friends than they do more reading each month value good who two CHILLING INDEED in our is having Portola the success of Era dollars. Most

campaign this year and in past years is due to this fine coBetty: "Mother, I got 45 in arithmetic, 75 in spelling, but

operation on the part of these fine people. I knocked them cold in geography."

If we can get an Era in every home and also find some way'Mother: "That's fine. What did you get?"

to get them to read their Eras, then we can say, "Well done. Betty: "Zero."

respectfully, Yours Kermit Maxwell, TRUTH WILL OUT

Era Director. Teacher: "Sammy, can you tell me who is the speaker of the

—$ House?"Dear Editor: Sammy: "At our house it's Ma, mostly."

is in great home. work doing a magazine my My YOUR BETTER THAN HE THOUGHT religious the the only agnostic, and Era is is an husband

magazine he will read. He remarks that those who write for Businessman: "What do you do with all these pictures you

the Era on religious topics "know what they are talking about."paint."

My boys enjoy it, and I certainly admire it. Modernistic artist: "Why, sell them!"

S. M. Businessman: "What? Name your terms! I've been looking

for a salesman like you for years."—<s>——

San Leandro, Calif. MODESTY Dear Brother:

ENCLOSED please find P. O. M. O. for my year's subscription Judge: "Have you anything to say before 1 sentence you?"

to the 1941 Improvement Era, beginning with the January Prisoner: "Nothing, your honor, except that it takes very

number. little to please me."

I am keenly anticipating the information and instruction the TOO TRUE it is this to for be year, for going us and is is going to have Era if alive today, Teacher: boys, were still Napoleon "Now, feet"that shall to need our "lamp year exceptional and an we think doing?"he be what do you would

print is rubbish. where so much sir."the pension, Alec: oldage Smart "Drawing Pearson. E. Sarah

-—Lynn, Mass. THE PRACTICAL SIDE OF IT

Mr. Heber J. Grant, Editor. An old farmer was complaining bitterly to the minister of

Dear Sir: the terribly bad weather for the crops when the latter reminded

that grateful for all the same. him he to be had much the in Library, Public reading magazine your Lynn While the cares for said remember,"man, "Providence good "And that liquor carried greatly pleased to note you no I was

all. air fed birds of the the are day."each Even

that cigarette about very outspoken were or and "ads"you replied "off the corn."darkly, "Yes,"farmer my liberty liquor. the that of sending taking reason For you I am

in the article explaining city of back an Lynn how the "Gay after BE GRATEFUL nail, liquor tooth Nineties,"year business and fought the year and often succeeded in keeping the saloon out. "Really, gentlemen,"said the candidate, "with all this uproar

I can hardly hear myself speak."

Merton Speed. "Well, cheer up,"shouted a man, "you aren't missing much."

w ore than a hundred years have poure significant meaning into the term General

Conference. From Palmyra to Nauvoo—on

through the conquest of the valleys of the mountains, this central gathering has accumulated a wealth of tradition.

Today the mighty voice of KSL carries the inspiring word of the General Church

Authorities to the thousands of members of the faith. JPp

Thus a tradition is broadene

7 i-*"*HH|*. V''

SILT LIRE CITY

*.:"'

;,. 7...

V...**'w

DESERET NEWS PHOTOS

if;I! i..n.ri.i -"""-::. '

. i in

"Him,

To dream of security for yourself and family and then make your dreams come true... to build "castles in the air"that

turn into real castles of brick and stone, of happiness and prosperity: a home of

your own, an education for your children, an oldage fund for you to retire on when your earning days are spent...

these are the rewards of a wellplanned

LIFE INSURANCE PROGRAM

<'OJ&'PAMT Heber J. Grant, Pres Salt Lake City. Utah