>* r i

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Asso- V ciations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Published Monthly by the General Board at Salt Lake City, Utah

Priesthood Quorums The Text Book to be used in all the Higner Priesthood Quorums and

Sunday School Theological Classes during 1916 is

"Jesus The Christ"By Elder James E. Talmage

Genuine India Paper Edition

edges, under gold and headband cloth lined Sympathy Is Grateful Frenchmarker,Morocco, Divinity Circuit, red $2.50

it doesn't French Morocco, Divinity Circuit, redWhen you're sorrowing. But

pay bills. An insurance policy is full under gold edges, headband and

of the right sort of sympathy when marker, leather lined to edge $3.00

your property is destroyed. And no Turkey Morocco, Divinity Circuit, red

one should neglect to secure protection marker,under goldleatheredges,linedheadbandto edge 93.50andagainst such a contingency. We give

you the maximum of insurance at minSecond Edition, 2 leather $1.50

imum of cost. Let us quote you rates.

Deseret News Book Store Home Fire Insurance Co. of Utah Headquarters For All Church Books

Salt Lake City, Utah. 22 Main Street. 6JAIN STREET, SALT LAKE CITY

"Keep Money at Home."

The Most Interesting, CALIFORNIA WHERE IT'S SUMMER Inspiring and BeautiALL WINTER ful Scenic Sections Long Beach San Diego

Venice Santa Barbara of the West Ocean Park Redlands

Catalina Island Pomona ARE REACHED VIA Riverside Including Ogden Canyon San Diego Bear River Canyon Exposition Shoshone Falls Until Yellowstone Park Open Jackson Hole Country Dec. 31st

Lost River Country Wood River Country WHERE YOU WILL ENJOY

The Snake River A VACATION AND REST

Payette Lakes Country Three Good Trains Every Day

Columbia River and Excursion Tickets on Sale Daily

Pacific Coast Resorts, Six Months Limit

For Descriptive Litera2ITY TICKET OFFICE.

ture, address 10 East Third South St.

D. E. BURLEY, Phones Wasatch 3501-2.

General Passenger Agt J. H. MANDERFIELD, A.G.P.A.

O.S.L., Salt Lake City, Ut. Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

In the Gila Desert

Rain had not fallen upon the desert within the memory of the Indian. No whitehaired Pima or Maricopa

had seen so strange a sight. And yet one day this

phenomenon occurred upon the Gila! And then the

glaring sands, on which grew only plants armed as it were with terrible thorns, and over which roamed the lizard, the horned toad, and phat hideous reptile, the

Gila monster, broke into bloom, with millions of lovely flowers. And these were as strange to the sight of the

aborigine as was the "water that fell from the sky."

For many ages the seed had lain dormant, but now it germinated, the plants bloomed and filled the desert air with fragrance.

The Gila is covered with a growth of the rigid and or candelebrasolemn cereus gigantens—the column

cactus. Upon the desert are the Superstition mountain

and that island of stone, called Montezuma's Head there are the remains of an ancient canal, and over the sands looks that enigma of the desert, the Casa Grande.

Perhaps it once supported a vast life.

Again the flowers will bloom, again the desert wastes will be green with fields and orchards. With the wonders of modern engineering skill—reservoirs, dams,

it will be capable of sustaining the lives ofcanals—

untold thousands.

The marvelous colors of the Arizonian skies, the expanse of sands, the mesas of stone, are focused by those of the Gila Desert.

Alfred Lambourne.

GIANT CACTUS (cereus giganteus)

In the Gila Desert, Arizona

Improvement Era

Vol. XIX FEBRUARY, 1916 No. 4

Fulfilled Prophecy

New Evidence of Divine Inspiration in the Prophet Joseph

Smith

BY B. II. ROBERTS

"When a prophet speaketh in the name of the Lord, if the thingfollow not, nor come to pass, that is the thing which the Lord hath not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it presumptuously: thou shalt

not be afraid of him"(Deut. 18:21, 22).

And conversely, if the thing which the prophet speaks in the name of the Lord comes to pass, then the prophet has spoken the not spoken presumptuthing commanded him by the Lord—he has

ously, and the people are under obligation to respect his message, since he has furnished them the highest possible evidence of his divine inspiration.

Of the value of the fulfilment of prophecy as evidence of divine inspiration, it is scarcely necessary to speak. It has ever been

recognized, and that properly, as a species of miracle; and therefore has been accorded all the value attached to miracles as evidence of Divine Power. The Lord himself has recognized the

value of the evidence of prophecy; for when he would have Israel

distinguish between himself and the gods of the heathens, he issued this challenge to them

"Produce your cause, saith the Lord: bring forth your strong

reasons, saith the King of Jacob. Let them bring them forth, and show

us what shall happen: let them show the former things, what they

be, that we may consider them, and know the latter end of them; or

declared us things for to come. Show the things that are to come

hereafter, that we may know that ye are gods"(Isaiah 41:2123).

From this it appears that the power to foretell future events is regarded peculiarly as one belonging to God alone, or that spirit which emanates from him; and those who possess that power, and

can point to the fulfilment of their prophecies in attestation of

I l I'.kA290 IMI'ki \ MEN

their inspiration and divine authority, may be looked uonn as possessing evidence of.special and peculiar force in their favor.

In the light of these scriptures and principles, I would like to

Mil unit to the readers of the Era the account of the fulfilment of a prophecy made hy Joseph Smith, two days before his martyrdom, and which, so far as 1 know, has never been pointed out, but which a< Ids an item of great importance to the constantly growing volume of the evidences of divine inspiration of the Prophet of the New

I )ispensation. How it has escaped attention until now is a matter

of astonishment to me, but"surely it will not be the less welcome because of it's late appearance.

The Prophet Joseph Smith and his brother Hyrum, on the 25th of June, 1844, had been presented to the militia companies from McDonough county, being introduced by Brigadier General

Miner R. Deming, of the state militia, as General Joseph Smith

and General Hyrum Smith of the Nauvoo Legion—at which the

< arthage Greys, acting as escort, revolted, and had to be put un ler arrest for their insubordination. Shortly after this incident, a number of the officers of other militia companies, and

other gentlemen curious to see the Prophet, crowded into the tookhotel at Carthage—the Hamilton House. President Smith

occasion to ask them if there was anything in his appearance to indicate that he was the desperate character his enemies represented him to be. To which they replied, "No, sir, your appearance would indicate the very contrary, General Smith; but

we cannot see what is in your heart, neither can we tell what are your intentions."To which President Smith promptly replied:

"Very true, gentlemen, you cannot see what is in my heart, and you are therefore unable to judge me or my intentions; but I can see

what is in your hearts, and I will tell you what I can see. I can see

that you thirst for blood, and nothing but my blood will satisfy you. It

is not for crime of any description that I and my brethren are thus continually persecuted, and harassed by our enemies, but there are other motives, and some of them I have expressed, so far as relates to myself; and inasmuch as you and the people thirst for blood, I

prophesy in the name of the Lord that you shall witness scenes of blood and sorrow to your entire satisfaction. Your souls shall be

perfectly satiated with blood, and many of you who are now present shall have an opportunity to face the cannon's mouth from sources you think not of, and those people that desire this great evil upon me and my brethren shall be filled with sorrow because of the scenes of desolation and distress that await them"(Church Historian's

Compilation of data, Millennial Star, Vol. 24, p. 358).

This prediction was fulfilled to the men of Western Illinois during the Mexican war in which the 1st and 2nd Illinois regiments led by Cols. John J. Hardin and William H. Bissel, and the

Kentucky 2nd regiment, led bv Col. McKee, were nearly annihilated in the Battle of Buena Vista. The event is described by

Gregg, the author of the History of Hancock County, as the

FULFILLED PROPHECY 291

"saddest, and for Illinois, the most mournful event of that battleworn day,"the 23rd of February, 1847, the day on which the principal engagement of the battle of Buena Vista was fought.

It will be remembered that in 1846 the president of the

United States called upon Illinois to furnish four regiments of volunteers to engage in the war with Mexico, that number being

Illinois'quota of the 50,000 troops authorized by congress for the war with that country. "This was no sooner known in the state,"

says Gregg, "than nine regiments, numbering 8,370 men, answered the call, though only four of them, amounting to 3,720 men, could be taken."These served chiefly under Taylor in

northeastern Mexico, and the 1st and 2nd regiments, as stated above, took a promiment and disastrous part in the battle of

Buena Vista. For the part taken in that battle by the two regiments named, and the overwhelming disaster which befell them,

I give the narrative of Colton's History of the Battle of Buena

Vista, quoted by Gregg in his History of Illinois, included in his

History of Hancock County, pp. 120124.

It will be remembered that the Mexican commander in this famous battle, General Santa Anna, confronted General

Taylor's little army of less than five thousand men, with a force popularly held to be 20,000, and by Santa Anna's official report acknowledged to be 17,000 (Marcus Wilson's History of the United States, subdivision Texas, Appendix, p. 684). With

this superior force, Santa Anna poured into the valley of Aqua

Nuva, early on the morning of the 22nd of February. There

was intermittent fighting throughout the day, and both armies bivouacked on the field, resting on their arms. Early the next

morning the battle was resumed and raged through that day most fiercely. And now, Colton's account of the disaster to the

1st and 2nd Illinois, and the 2nd Kentucky regiments:

"As the enemy on our left was moving in retreat along the head of the plateau, our artillery was advanced until within range, and opened a heavy fire upon him, while Cols. Hardin, Bissel and McKee,

with their Illinois and Kentucky troops, dashed gallantly forward in hot pursuit. A powerful reserve of the Mexican army was then just

emerging from the ravine, where it had been organized, and advanced on the plateau, opposite the head of the southermost gorge. Those

who were giving way rallied quickly upon it; when the whole force,

thus increased to over 12,000 men, came forward in a perfect blaze of fire. It was a single column, composed of the best soldiers of the

republic, having for its advanced battalions the veteran regiments.

The Kentucky and Illinois troops were soon obliged to give ground before it and seek the shelter of the second gorge. The enemy pressed

on arriving opposite the head of the second gorge. Onehalf of the

column suddenly enveloped it, while the other half pressed on across the plateau, having for the moment nothing to resist them but the three guns in their front. The portion that was immediately opposed

to the Kentucky and Illinois troops, ran down along each side of the gorge, in which they had sought shelter, and also circled around its head, leaving no possible way of escape for them except by its mouth, 292 IMI'K'( IVF Ml'N I ERA which opened upon the road. Its sides, which were steep,—at least an

angle o: 45 degrees,—were covered with loose pebbles and stones, and

converged to a point at the bottom. Down there were our poor fellows, nearly three regiments of them (1st and 2nd Illinois and 2nd

Kentucky), with bu1 little opportunity to load or tire a gun, bein hardly able to keep their feet. Above the whole edge of the gorge,

all the way around, was darkened by the serried masses of the enemy, and was bristling with muskets directed on the crowd beneath. It was

no time to pause. Those who were not immediately shot down rushed

OH toward the road, their number growing less and less as they went. Kentuckians and Illinoisans, officers and men, all mixed

up in confusion, and all pressing on over the loose pebbles and rolling stones of those shelving, precipitous banks, and having lines and lines of the enemy firing down from each side and rear as they went. Just

then the enemy's cavalry, which had gone to the left of the reserve, had come over the spur that divides the mouth of the second gorge from that of the third, and were now closing up the only door through which there was the least shadow of a chance for their lives. Many

of those ahead endeavored to force their way out, but few succeeded.

The lancers were fully six to one, and their long weapons were already reeking with blood. It was at this time that those who

were still back in that dreadful gorge heard, above the din of the musketry and the shouts of the enemy around them, the roar of Washington's battery. No music could have been more grateful to their

ears. A moment only, and the whole opening, where the lancers were

busy, rang with the repeated explosions of sphericalcase shot. They

gave way. The gate, as it were, was clear, and out upon the road a

stream of our poor fellows issued. They ran panting down toward

the battery, and directly under the flight of iron then passing over their heads, into the retreating cavalry. Hardin, McKee, Clay, Willis,

Sabriskie, Houghton—but wby go on? It would be a sad task, indeed, to name over all who fell during this twenty minutes''slaughter.

The whole gorge, from the plateau to its mbuth, was strewed with our dead. All dead! No wounded there—not a man; for the infantry had

rushed down the sides and completed the work with the bayonet."

Surely those Illinois regiments, recruited chiefly from Western Illinois, and among them doubtless a number of those who listened to Joseph Smith's prediction, were surfeited with scenes of blood that day, and faced the cannon's mouth from sources of which thev had not thought.

The late President Wilford Woodruff, in his journal, makes reference to the report that reached the camps of Israel, on the

Missouri river, respecting the disaster that had overtaken the

Illinois regiments, so largely recruited from the western counties of the state. The entry in the journal bears date of October

3, 1847. After refering to th return from the east of Elder

William T. Appleby to the camps, and the council of the Twelve

\postles holding a meeting with him. Elder Woodruff says:

"We also learned that many who had been enemies to the Church were dead. Jackson C Joseph H.), who had a hand in the death of the

Prophet, died in Mexico with the 'black vomit'. Mr. Eagle [editor of

a paper in Nauvoo, at the time tbe last remnant of the Saints were driven from that city] is also dead Wc were informed that General

LfULFILLED PROPHECY 293

Hardin, Major Warren and Captain Morgan, with halt of the Quincy

Greys, were killed in the Mexican war."

In addition to this very ample fulfilment of the Prophet's prediction to the men of western Illinois, there was the further fulfilment of the prophecy hy the terrible casualties to the men of that state in the war between the states. Doubtless because the

president of the republic "during the war was from Illinois

Abraham Lincoln—and because the greatest general developed in

S.the war on the side of the also from Grant—was north—U.

that state, Illinois furnished a larger number of soldiers for the federal armies, in proportion to her population, than any other state of the Union, save Kansas; and she stands fourth in rank

in the number of men furnished to the federal armies by any of the states, being exceeded only by the states of New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio"(The Making of Illinois, Mather, p. 200).

The following "summary"of the volunteer troops organized in

Illinois for the war, and the casualties which befell them, is taken from the Adjutant General's Report, quoted by Gregg in his History of Illinois, in History of Hancock County, pp. 12Q130:

"The number of the regiment, name of original Colonel, call under wich recruited, date of organization and muster into the United

States'service, place of muster, and aggregate strength of each organization—from which we find that Illinois put into her one hundred

and eighty regiments 256,000 men, and into the United States army, through other states, enough to swell the number to 290,000. This

far exceeds all the soldiers of the Federal Government in all the war of the Revolution. Her total years of service were over 600,000. She

enrolled men from eighteen to fortyfive years of age when the law of Congress in 1864—the test time—only asked for those from twenty

to fortyfive. Her enrollments were otherwise excessive. Her people

wanted to go, and did not take the pains to correct the enrollment;

thus the basis of fixing the quota was too great, and the quota itself, at least in the trying time, was far above any other state. The demand

on some counties (as Monroe, for example), took every able bodied man in the county, and then did not have enough to fill the quota.

Moreover, Illinois sent 20,844 men for one hundred days, for whom no credit was asked. She gave to the country 73,000 years of service

above all calls. With the onethirteenth of the population of the loyal

States, she sent regularly onetenth of all the soldiers, and in the perils of the closing calls, when patriots were few and weary, she sent oneeighth of all that were called for by her loved and honored son in the White House. Of the brave boys Illinois sent to the front, there

were killed in action, 5,888; died of wounds. 3,032; of disease, 19,496; in

prison, 967; lost at sea, 205; aggregate 29,588. As upon every field and

upon every page of the history of this war. Illinois bore her part of

the suffering in the prisonpens of the South. More than 800 names

make up the awful column of Illinois'brave sons who died in the rebel prison of Andersonville, Ga. Who can measure or imagine the atrocities which would be laid before the world were the panorama of sufferings and terrible trials of these gallant men but half unfolded to

view? But this can never be done until new words of horror are invented, and new arts discovered by which demoniacal fiendishness can

294 IMPR0VEMEN1 ERA

b< portrayed, and the intensesl anguish of the human m>u1 in ten thou -.mil forms be painted."

In these appalling figures otic sees further fulfilment of the prophetic words of Joseph Smith, to the men of Illinois, that 25th day of Iuik\ 1S44. They certainly witnessed scenes of blood and

sorrow to their entire satisfaction; their souls, in the experiences

at the battle of Buena Vista, and in the many battles of the war between the States, in which the men of Illinois figured so largely in suffering and sacrifices, became "perfectly satiated with blood."

They bad ample opportunity to "face the cannon's mouth"from "sources they thoughl not of;"and were filled with sorrow because of the scenes of desolation and distress that overtook them.

Another item of interest in relation to the prophecies of

Joseph Smith, on the subject of the wars in the last days, was recently called to my attention, by one of the brethren, in the following statement and question: In the History of the Church—Jourisnal History, by Joseph Smith—where the revelation on 'ar

given (Vol. I p. 302) there is a slight verbal alteration to be noted

in paragraph three of the revelation. In the Doctrine and Covenants, current edition, in the revelation, it is represented that

Creat Britain shall call upon other nations, "in order to fiefen 1 themselves against other nations, and 'thus1 war shall be poure 1 out upon all nations."But in the History, cited above, it is written that Great Britain shall call upon other nations "in order to

defend themselves against other nations, and 'then'war shall be poured out upon all nations."The question is, was the change

made advisedly or was it a typographical error in the published

History? The change was made advisedly: when the committee

was comparing a number of the many editions of the publishe 1 copies of the revelation, they found that in the manuscript History of the Church, from which the copy for publication must first have been made, the word "then"was used, and the change was made by the historians of the Church accordingly, and was published in 10Q2. The same correction should be made in all future

editions of the Doctrine and Covenants.

Artisans of the SouthWest

BY WILLIAM EVANS, SUPERINTENDENT, Y. M. M. I. A., YOUNG STAKE

"And we multiplied exceedingly, and spread upon the face of the things."—Bookland, and becameof exceedingMormon, Jaromrich in 1:8.gold, and in silver, and in precious

When Cortez and his band of adventurers waded through blood, in the conquest of Mexico, the one controlling thought which animated them to deeds of violence and cruelty was the desire of securing the precious metals with which the rulers of

GOVERNOR ULYSSUS PESANO, AND FAMILY, OF LAGUNA, NEW MEXICO

Governor Pesano is an educated, highly intelligent fullblooded

Laguna Indian, and a silversmith of no mean ability. The products

of his native worshop are in great demand. To meet Mr. Pesano and

family is to feel that you have met people of no ordinary intelligence and ability.

the empire seemed to be fairly well supplied, and with which the temples and palaces were more or less profusely decorated.

History records that this band of freehooters, as well as those who immediately succeeded them, were enabled to secure large quantities of the precious metals in various forms through means, which, even to this day, causes the blood of the reader to boil with righteous indignation, because of the monstrous deeds 296 IMI'Ui (VliMliNT KKA

committed, and brings a deep sense of regret for the magnificent works s<> ruthlessly destroyed.

The historians of that day give us faint glimpses of the beauty of design and form of the various articles constructed of the precious metals by the artisans of the days of the Aztec empire. Various articles thus made are now found in the

museums of the two Americas, and are prized as the relics of a race past and gone, and, of course, as such create much interest and wonderment.

The evidence thus presented justifies the conclusion that the

Aztecs adopted and perpetuated, in their day, the art of working in precious metals, which art existed among the people whom the

Nephites. We may conclude, too, thatAztecs supplanted—the

the Gadianton robbers learned to prize the valuable articles of gold and silver, and other precious metals, which they plundered from their more civilized neighbors; and that in their leisure moKSi

SILVERWARE DISPLAY

The silverware here shown was made by a Navajo silversmith, "NawtawnyEltsoce-Batcilli"(The Little Slim Chief's Younger

I'.rother), and represents a whole year's work. The stuff was purchased by F. L. Noel, an Indian trader, and was arranged by the writer

for exhibition at the Shiprock Indian fair where it was given first prize in competition with the work of other smiths. It was later

purchased by the C. H. Algert Co., of Fruitland, New Mexico, and

exhibited with other Indian products at the New Mexico State fair at

Albuquerque where it was again awarded first prize. The value of

the collection was five hundred dollars. NawtawnyEltsoce-Batcilli

has never atended school.

NATIVE ARTISANS OF THE SOLTJ llWEST 297

ments learned to fashion ornaments, according to their own ideas of workmanship and beauty.

Through inspired men, we have been taught that the nomadic tribes of the southwest are the descendants of the marauding

Gadiantons; and, indeed, in our day, they have been known to

exhibit some of the hereditary tendencies of their forefathers.

Not only in the lawless incursions of the past are the tribal tendencies displayed, but today, in the more peaceful arts, these hereditary warriors are displaying a great amount of genius and talent.

For instance, the Navajo silversmith has established a reputation in the production of silver ornaments and articles of domestic use. This reputation is enhanced when the beauties of the

articles produced are studied, and the very crude means of production become fully known to the student.

Something of the semisavage love of nature enters into the work, and though the product of the white brother may excel in the smoothness of finish, or intricacy of design, the native article bears the stamp of originality; and a person at all familiar

with the native and his ways can almost trace the imprint of the artist?native song of nature which the artizan—shall we say

often sings, and sometimes almost whispers, while fashioning the product of his little workshop.

Let us take a peep into the summer work of this genius of the desert. We enter the portal of a miniature bowery constructed

of a few slender poles as a framework. Against the sides and

over the top of this are laid cottonwood boughs with the leaves still adhering to them. These are laid on sufficiently thick to form

a windshield and to keep out the scorching rays of the sun. The

leaves dry quickly and rustle with the motion of every gentle zephyr, and permit just enough ventilation between the interstices to mitigate, considerably, the hated desert air.

In one corner is a rude but quaint forge, rising no more than six or eight inches above the smooth dirt floor of the interior. This

is constructed of small, thin pieces of rock, gathered from an adjacent rocky bluff, and which are laid together with an intermixture of sand and clay mortar. Connected with this forge is

an equally interesting homemade bellows, the top and bottom constructed of pieces of goodsboxes, procured at a neighboring trading post, and the sides are of tanned goatskin, the latter, by the way, being a very good substitute for buckskin. The nozzle is

made from a section of tomato can, and is not inserted in the forge, but the bellows is used to fan the charcoal fire to the proper heat, much as our grandparents puffed the glowing embers in the old home fireplace. The principal use of this forge is to melt the

is placed in a little melting pot made silver—usually coins—which

of a certain clay and baked sufficiently hard to fulfil this purpose.

298 I \l I'Ri \ I Ml'XI ERA

\\ hen the metal has become molten, il is poured into a groove which has been furrowed oul in a rock, and thus becomes a small bar from which it is hammered into the desired shape.

Near the forge, the silversmith is seated, squatting, tailorfashion, upon a sheepskin. Near at haul, upon another sheepskin

v Inch is laid with the skin up, are reposing the few tools used in the work. A hammer, a file or two, and a Tewsteel dies or

stamps with which the engraving is done, and which are the hau I iwork of the smith himself, for each silversmith prides himself upon the originality of his design—constitute the paraphernalia

of this interesting workshop. The anvil, upon which the hammer

work is done, may he a piece of railroad iron, or it may be a small anvil which a trader had procured for him, and which is suitable for his particular work.

When the small ingot has been hammered into the desired shape it is filed and sandpapered to give it the requisite finish, and then the dies or stamps are used to complete the decorative work.

Thus the worker sits, hour after hour, melting and hammering, filing and sandpapering, engraving and polishing.

The entrance to this leafy bower, a large and ample openare the entrances to all "hogans,"ing, is always to the east—as

and as, through force of habit and the demand of circumstances which require the gathering of wood for the morning fire, the

Navajo is an early riser, the smith is at his forge when the reddening sky heralds the coming of the fiery king of the heavens.

And as the slanting rays of the rising sun pierce the primitive workshop, the toiler hums or sings his morning invocation to the great lightand lifegiver. As the sun mounts into the heavens

and the shimmering heat waves rise from the desert sands, now and then, he lifts his eyes, and his gaze goes out through the opening to the eastern horizon, which is notched and terrace 1 by the outlines of the distant hills, and ever the song of nature rises in his heart, and its impress is embodied in the work of his hands.

The winter workshop is arranged much the same as the summer one, but is constructed of substantial posts and covered with bark and earth.

The art of the Navajo silversmith undoubtedly had its origin in the realms of antiquity, but, perhaps, not practiced so extensively as now, for the supply of the "white iron"was never so plentiful with them as at present. Previous to the Conquest the

only source of the precious metals was through plundering the

Aztecs and the cultured peoples who preceded them; for the roving robber bands knew nothing of mining, the latter, too, of

course, being too laborious a method for securing that which could be obtained through marauding and robbing. Subsequent

to the conquest, a limited quantity may have been procured

NATIVE ARTISANS OF THE S< IUTHWEST 299

through a gradually increasing intercourse with the Spanish conquerors and their descendants.

An interesting feature of the art is the similarity between many of the engravings produced and the sculptured figures of the

Aztecs. This similarity can be partially explained by the coincidental workings of native minds; but one must not lose sight

of the facts of heredity; and the outcroppings of racial characteristics give an unfailing clue in tracing the fountain source. And

in the case of the Aztecs, (Lamanites) and the Gadiantons, (the nomadic tribes such as the Navajos and others) all descendants of the Lehitic family, the following of clues, such as racial characteristics, is an interesting occupation.

FRUITLAND, N.M.

Procrastination

(Free translation from Norwegian by Enoch Jorgensen.)

It is not the work that we finished,

But the duty we left undone That strikes a snag in our conscience

At the setting of the sun.

The kind word often forgotten,

The letter we didn't write, The flowers—neglected love tokens,

Reminders of friendship's blight.

The stone which we could have removct

From a neighbor's path we let lie;

The counsel he so wished for in vain,

While we brushed thoughtlessly by.

The handshake, the hearty greeting

That we didn't take time to lend,

Are unpardonable sins of omission

That'll mock us, time without end.

The comfort we might have given

To a brother in dismay.

Thus becoming his guardian angel

As angels guide our way:

This opportune moment, neglected,

Robs us of peace in the night,

Weakens our hope, faith, assurance,

That God will direct us aright.

Remember, Life is too short, friend,

Too serious—be it fortune or fate

To be wasted, or friendships neglected,

Until it's too late, too late.

It is not the work that we finish.

But the duties we leave undone

That will cause regret and heartache

At the setting of life's sun.

S \NDY, UTAH

What is "Mormonism?"

BY ELDER ORSON F. WHITNEY, OF THE COUNCIL OF THE

TWELVE

"Mormonism"is not, as most people supppose, a new religion. It is not a product of the nineteenth century. It

proclaims itself the everlasting gospel, the religion of

Jesus Christ, restored to the earth after ages of absence and this message, that God has raised up a Prophet and restored the ancient faith, has brought from various nations the men and women who have given their allegiance to what is called "Mormonism."It is no new thing; it

is as old as eternity. All that I or any other elder can do

is to present the same old doctrines that go to make up the gospel of our Redeemer.

What was the origin of "Mormonism?"If it did

not originate in the nineteenth century, when did it originate? The earthly founder of our faith, Joseph the

Prophet, taught that it was framed in the heavens, before this world was created. He says: "God, finding himself in the midst of spirits and glory, because he was more

intelligent, saw proper to institute laws whereby the rest might have the privilege to advance like himself."

Here we have the key to the great problem, the first reference to those principles that we denominate faith, repentance, baptism, and the gift of the Holy Ghost, with other laws and ordinances of the gospel. It is a plan

whereby God's children may progress, eternally, and it has been on the earth at different times and in various places, pleading with man, by the Holy Ghost, for his salvation. It has gone by various names, according to the

whim or caprice of man. At the time of its restoration

through Joseph Smith, it was nicknamed "Mormonism,"because of the Book of Mormon, in which many of its doctrines are found.

It teaches us that we lived before we came upon the earth; that we were spirits in the presence of our Father

in heaven, yes, and of our Mother in heaven, for we also "have a Mother there."In that spirit life, our first

estate, where we walked by sight, seeing as we were seen.

we learned all that we could, or all that was necessary, before we were permitted to come upon this earth, which was created for us and for all the children of God, that they who kept their first estate might have the opportunity to pass through an experience that would develop and educate them, even though part of the discipline lie through pain and sorrow, disappointment and tribulation. We were promised that if we would bear these

things patiently, and steadfastly adhere to the saving principles of the gospel, we should become like our Father and Mother, in heaven, and inherit eternal life and neverending glory. This is the purpose of our mortal probation. We came here, primarily, to get these bodies in

which our spirits are clothed, for a spirit without a body is imperfect and cannot be glorified, while a body without a spirit is dead—nothing but a lump of clay, though

marvelously wrought, a wonder of design. The spirit and

the body constitute the soul, and it is the soul that is redeemed from the grave and goes on to perfection.

The Cultivation of Moral Thoughtfulness

BY MILTON BENNIOX

Moral training has to do chiefly with the cultivation of appropriate feeling's and modes of action. Such training, given to

normal individuals, by persons with high ideals of life, constitutes the necessary basis of character. The home, the church, and the

school cooperate in this endeavor; but does any one of these institutions carry its educational work to the point of cultivating in

the youth the habit of moral thoughtfulness? It often happens

that persons with the best of intentions will yet thoughtlessly do things that cause themselves and others much loss, suffering, or even death. Such conduct only criminals would be guilty of, if

all people were trained to see the remote as well as the immediate consequences of their actions, and to picture vividly in imagination these consequences.

There is a popular notion that the cultivation of the imagination is important only for artists, poets, and novelists. It has been

shown, however, that the use of the imagination is a most important factor in the advancement of science. It is no less important in the moral life. Tt has been said that we would never

willingly allow another to starve who sat at the same table with us. So, too, we may abhor the unpleasant consequences of our

conduct, when those consequences are actually with us; should

not these consequences be with us in imagination before we act?

This habit of mind can be developed only by systematic attention to the farreaching consequences of various types of conduct. By way of illustration consider the following:

1. Tn a city or town having a water system, but a limited

supply of water, what effect does a careless or unnecessary use of water by the residents in the lower part of the town have upon the peoole who live in the upper part? Do the people in the lower

part who let water run to waste ever think of the inconvenience, if not suffering, they are causing their fellow townsmen who are unable to get a drop from their water pipes?

2. Does a family that avoids medical inspection and quarantine, in a mild case of scarlet fever, realize how, by their action,

thev scatter the germs of this treacherous disease to enter the bodies of healthy children, and thus cause other families the inconvenience which thev themselves seek to escape? This, however, is but the minor part of the result. This disease, in mild

form, mav at anv time become verv malignant, leaving defective sense organs, chronic kidnev trouble, and death in its trail. Yet

THE CULTIVATION OF MORAL THOUGHTFULNESS 303

the persons who are responsible for scattering these disease germs may be very pious, wellmeaning individuals, far from murder in intention.

Another type of case comes more nearly within the field of public warning and exhortation, but these cases also illustrate the same want of moral thoughtfulness:

1. Does the youth in his first visit to the saloon, or indulgence in liquor at the club house with fraternal companions, have

any vision of the end of the road upon which he is entering? No

man ever began drinking with the intention of becoming a drunkard; and few see from the first that the saloon leads many to

disthe brothel with its moral and physical corruption—foul with

ease that either destroys the powers of reproduction or, unfortunately, is transmitted to plague suceeding generations.

2. Does a young woman have any image of her future destiny when she goes out with the dissolute young man? Usually

she realizes it in bitter experience, instead of being forewarned through vivid imagination of the consequences of her acceptance of such a companion.

William James, in discussing the evil of cultivating sympathetic emotions that never find an outlet in action, remarked "Hell is paved with good intentions."We may add that thoughtless actions, though not thus intended, have much to do with

paving the way to hell.

UNIVEV6ITY OF UTAH

Tasks

The daily tasks to be performed,

If great or if but small, With willing hands and gladsome hearts, all. We should accept them

The common toil, if such there be,

With grimy stain of earth, The grind that grows so wearisome,

It ofttimes proves our worth.

To labor on unrecompensed, Recorded not by fame, While others thread the golden maize,

Or win an honored name,

'Tis hard, ah, yes, but know you not,

All work well done is great?

For God deems naught as meager,

That reaches perfect state.

Grace Ingles Frost.

Outlines for Scout Workers

BY D. W. PARRATT, B. S.

VI. THE MOUNTAIN BLUEBIRD.

Soft warbling note From azure throat, Floats on the gentle air of spring;

To my quick ear It doth appear The sweetest of the birds that sing.

C. C. M. 1. Why is the mountain bluebird so named? What other kinds

of bluebirds are there? What is the difference between these and the

mountain bluebird?

2. To what family does the bluebird belong? How can you tell?

What other bird already studied belongs to this family.3. The bluebird prefers to live in what kind of places, highland

or lowland'-'In which parts of our valley is it usually found? Where

docs it spend the winter?

4. Contrast the male and female in size and color. Why these

differences?

5. Contrast the song of the male with that of the female and r\-

plain the difference.

OUTLINES l'OR SCOUT WORKERS 305

6. Describe the flight of the bluebird.

7. Upon what does this bird subsist?

8. Where and of what is the nest usually built?

9. Note number, size, and color of eggs. How many broods are

ordinarily hatched in a season?

10. Name some enemies of the bluebird and explain how it protects itself against them.

11. Is this a desirable bird? Give at least two reasons for your

answer. What laws have we relating to this bird?

12. Explain how to make and hang a nesting box for the bluebird.

HANDY MATERIAL

THE BLUEBIRD

He flits through the orchard, he visits each tree,

The red flowering peach and the apple's sweet blossoms.

The fruitbearing products, wherever they be,

And seizes the caitiffs that lurk in their bosoms;

He drags the vile grub from the corn it devours,

The worms from their beds where they riot and welter;

His song and his services freely are ours

And all that he asks is, in summer, a shelter.—Wilson.

The bluebird is so named from its predominant color. The

Pacific coast species as well as the eastern bluebird have considerable brown underneath, while that found quite generally throughout the western mountains is almost wholly blue.

The characteristic spots on the breasts of the youngreadily

is,classify this beautiful warbler with robins and solitaires—that

in the thrush family.

Our mountain bluebird is quite generally distributed over the plateau region and lives usually in the valleys and canyons where proper food may be had. Many spend their winter months

in our warmer valleys and even the coldest valleys are visited by them very early in the year. The latter part of February as a

rule sees flocks of the male birds in our midst, particularly along our foot hills searching out suitable nesting places to offer as inducements for mating to the female birds which arrive some time later.

At this time the male is dressed in his most attractive colors.

His beautiful cerulean back is darker, the pale blue below clearer, and the whitish belly cleaner than usual. He needs these extra

bright colors, for the mating season is on. Besides his fine

clothes, he makes use of his sweetest song, a charming refrain, 'Purity! Purity! Dear! Dear! Think of it, think T—oh—purity.

..fit!"'Since the female is the one who does the selecting of a mate, she is not obliged to wear such showy colors or sing such attractive songs. She is of a pale, bluish gray color with upper tail

coverts, wings and tail bluish; below she is a pale gray and whit306 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ish. The duller colors of her gown, harmonizing with surrounding hues and tints, afford greater protection, especially during the

time of nesting. She has no song, but in answer to the male's

low whistle call, gives the twosyllabled reply so familiar to all acquainted with the bluebird.

The easy, graceful, but uncertain flight is a noticeable characteristic of this bird. It often remains stationary in the air while

watching for prey and then, darting down suddenly, seizes the prey, and makes for the nest.

The bluebird's food consists principally of weevils, berries, and small fruits, also beetles, crickets, grasshoppers, spiders, and caterpillars.

These friendly birds seem especially fond of building their nest in some protected place near a house. Both male and female

busy themselves in nest making. The nest is composed merely

of a few wisps of straw with a limited number of feathers for a lining. The choicest place for the nest is in some decayed tree or

in deserted woodpecker holes. Often the nest is made in mail

boxes by the roadside. Both birds keep the nest sanitary by

carrying the waste and dropping it some distance away.

Five or six pale blue eggs constitute a setting, and ordinarily two broods are hatched each year, though three are not uncommon.

Cats, snakes, and ignorant boys and men are the bluebird's worst enemies. The first are warded off by flight and by the

birds roosting on limbs out of the cat's reach. Besides, the bluebird protects itself while nesting by usually making the nest in a

place having an entrance too small to admit cats and like enemies.

And also, the nest site is usually in some barren tree or post not very attractive to troublesome snakes. When the nest is molested

by intruding enemies both male and female defend it with surprising courage.

Our state laws against killing insectivorous birds are made to include the bluebird and our City ordinances relative to firearms and flippers are doing much to protect this charming creature.

Properly made nesting boxes put out along our foot hills and bench lands are almost certain to attract bluebirds. Such a box

should have a floor space of about five by five inches; the walls

should be about eight inches high, and in one side about six inches from the bottom, a one and onehalf inch opening (square or

1round) should be made to serve as an entrance. The box shoul

then be suspended in a place open to the sunlight and from five to ten feet above the ground. If hung in the shade a contest is

likely to incur between wrens and bluebirds for possession of the -box; and if fastened securely instead of hanging", the box will in

all likelihood be the object of dispute between the bluebirds and

English sparrows. A weather beaten box will prove more invitOUTLINES FOR SCOUT WORKERS 307

ing to the bluebirds than will a brand new one, therefore the boxes should be hung out some time before they are to be occupied. However, on this point, the bluebird is not nearly so particular as are some others of our feathered friends.

THE BLUEBIRD'S SONG "I know the song that the bluebird is singing,

Out in the appletree where he is swinging;

Brave little fellow! the skies may be dreary;

Nothing cares he while his heart is so cheery.

"Hark! how the music leaps out of his throat;

Hark! was there ever so merry a note?

Listen awhile, and you'll hear what he's saying,

Up in the appletree swinging and swaying.

"Dear little blossoms down under the snow,

You must be weary of winter I know;

Hark while I sing you a message of cheer

Summer is coming! and springtime is here.

"Little white snowdrop! I pray you arise;

Bright yellow crocus; come open your eyes;

Sweet little violets, hid from the cold,

Put on your mantles of purple and gold;

Daffodils! daffodils! say do you hear?

Summer is coming! and springtime is here."

THE FIRST BLUEBIRD

Just rain and snow! and rain again!

And dribble! drip! and blow!

Then snow! and thaw! and slush! and then

Some more rain and snow!

This morning I was 'most afeared

I jing! To wake up—when,

I seen the sun shine out and heerd

The first bluebird of spring!

Mother she'd raised the winder some;

And in acrost the orchard come,

Soft as an angel's wing, A breezy, treesy, beesy hum, Too'sweet fer anything!

The winter's shroud was rent apart

The sun burst forth in glee And when that bluebird sung, my heart

Hopped out o'bed with me.—Rilcv.

9 >,. > >-,

; "VS

wfyw

Adele

BY ALFRED LAMBOURNE

I.

In the veins of Adele there was aristocratic blood. She was

the daughter of a "Shep."It is true that the man who was so

called, the silent and sternbrowed, whitehaired recluse, was different from those other men around him. He was owner of the

uncounted flock which grazed upon the waste, and he had once been the possessor of a wide estate, and bore a name which is honored yet in distant France. A strange life and a strange

unfrequented land—for such a man asabode—that sombre and

he, and for such a girl as Adele. And often, too, she was a

watcher of sheep. Their rockbuilt dwelling stood on the slope

of a round, a desolate hill, and perhaps in that land there are scenes as cheerless, but surely not one as savage. At the foot

of the hill a stream passed on. In times of drought it all but

failed, a thread of water joining pool to pool, separate wells in the twisted rock. But in times of flood, it foamed and roared,

and on its strong edge a half score trees stood starved and gaunt.

Had that dwelling been a gray chateau, crowning a wooded bank of the romantic Loire, it would have been a more fitting home indeed, that which would have been the possession of the father and the inheritance of the desert girl. As it was, she was heir to

those desert acres, and that flock of unnumbered sheep. An 1

upon the horizon were clustered mountains, great peaks, and massive ridges, and their names were in keeping with the savageness of the wild and northern land. But, far away, highest and

a

ADELE 309

most jagged of all, were seen three crests and their names, like that of the "Shep,"repeated a word of France.

The father was a political exile; impoverished through his

adherence to a lost cause, he had left his still beloved and native land and, in his mood of bitterness, had sought the alien waste.

There, at least, he was isolated from the persecution of political enemies and did not need to look on the faces of betraying friends.

And there, too, he heard at times the Gallic tongue. The French

trappers had first been through that land, and it was they who had named many a valley, peak and stream. The mother of

Adele was dead, and it was more the loss of his wife, following the loss of his estates and his exile, that had whitened the head of the father, than it was his years. And yet the time of his passing was near at hand.

The ancestors of Adele would have seen in her beauty an ideal. Yet, save for the father, there were none to claim. She

had lost none of her sweet dignity through contact with the roughness of the desert land. Perhaps there was a wild grace added

to her bearing, too, gathered from the wildness of the nature around her, yet Adele, like her father, was an aristocrat still. A

watcher of sheep, and yet of untold fairness. Her form was

slight; her eyes, her hair, were black, her features expressive as

the changeful moods of her soul.

This was Adele of the desert, the daughter of an exile.

II.

Of the things of strangeness to be seen in that desolate land, none were more strange than that one. Those two graves in that

once terrible, now sombre place, with the white cross making its appeal above them, was surely a singular sight. Leaving the

ruined hut and ascending the slope of the conical hill or butte where the sheep yet browsed, we looked. But that statement

should be at the end, not at the beginning, of that which we tell.

We have said that the dwelling of Adele and her father stood on the slope of a round and desolate hill. Yet it was an innocent

appearing hill, as innocence is in that savage land, but it possessed a terrible heart which had long been dead. Was it not heart—a

a strange thought of the "Shep"to leave his dead wife in that awesome place? Yet there was a beauty in the thought. Climb

up the slope, approach the summit, and, suddenly there was at one's feet, a deep and sombre void. One lost his breath on the

edge of a sweeping circle, a great, black round of emptiness—

crater. How ancient a corse, and yet what evidence was there of

a once glowing life! The mind would grow aweary should one

attempt to compute its days of existence, or how long it had been extinct. Once that crater flamed and roared; once the lava, a

fiery red blood, flowed down its outer slopes. But now, how

310 IM PR( >VF MENT ERA

ghastly still! Those tiers of lava were years existent to each

hour of man's most ancient building. Call aloud on the rim of

that crater, and there would come back to one, from out the void, an echo, so faint, so weird, so unearthly strange, that it seemed it was the far cries of the dead; that it was answering voices of

creatures who had been for an infinite time departed, and were startled from their apathy in the nether world. And once a day

the blazing sun looked down to the crater floor, and once a month, the full moon, our satellite, dead like the crater's heart, flooded with its dim, cold light the sunken space and all seemed dead indeed. But as one stood amazed on that crater rim, the sight

was too terribly real, for one to think of ought but the naked truth. Yet there was a focus there. Down upon the small, round,

level floor of the crater, the last sinking of the molten lava, was a mound, a grave, and above it a small white cross. And the

cross suggested another life. In the midst of that silence, amid

those evidences of ancient death, one thought of immortality.

Was it not a strange thought of the "Shep,"we have asked, to leave his dead wife in that awesome place? And yet, we

added, there was a beauty in the thought. Desolate was all around

that desolate hill, and yet down in its dead heart was a spot of brighter hue. The woman who had died, pining for France, had

she not looked in gratitude upon that hidden beauty. Horrible

now those rent and blackened walls; terrible, on that floor, to

think of what it was once composed, and yet it was verdant now.

Moss and grasses were there, the grave was edged around with the glossy leafage of the chapparrel, and even there sprang up upon it a small and starry flower. None other such growth could

be seen for weary miles around. The dews of heaven had found

a response there.

A strange, an awful, a solemn, yet fitting place for the dead.

And yet a stranger place for love.

Had the desert girl a lover? Down in the crater at her

mother's grave, Adele had made her vows.

Love is sometimes blind; selfishness fails to see. Imagine

the monotonous life of the "Shep,"and this life as shared by

Adele. In the dwelling upon the hill slope Adele was born, and

there she had lived with her father after her mother's death.

; the fever which hadHow well she remembered the dread event

carried away her mother and the taking of her body to its rest in the crater depth. And she remembered, too, the Catholic priest.

the traveling missionary, who had not disdained to come from afar to officiate in his holy office. A monotonous life, and one for

Adele scarcely to be endured. She sighed for that which lay beyond their home. The father sometimes spoke of France and

then her longing became intense. Morose the father was sometimes called, vet there was the olden courtesy for any chance

ADELE 311

visitor who came that way, but seldom, indeed, were such at their door. To Adele a stranger was a strange being indeed. Sometimes a light might be seen in some hut upon the hill slopes across

the plain, but to those huts she had never been. The years came

and the years departed, and the girl seldom beheld a face save that of her father, and the attendants upon the place. And now she

was a woman. Spring made the stream to roar again; the summer piled the white clouds above the heights, and the autumn

came with rain and mists, and Adele lived on that desolate hill whose dead heart was a crater, and in which her mother yet lay, and wondered of the outer world. For Adele was a beingof

dreams.

Was it a wonder, then, that one event stood out brightly in her desert life? The Holy Father has come again. The missionary

priest had returned to the Pastoral ranch. And Adele was

there. The Father had sent word that she come, that he might

inquire about her spiritual welfare. Once before Adele had been

there, but it was that she might receive a name, and she was carried in her mother's arms. So now, for the first time since

womanhood, she had departed from her desert home.

! What a seeing was that Music and the dance—a wedding

for Adele! To her, the sight was enchantment, wonderful beyond her dreams. The little altar, the crucifix, and the burning

candles; the wedding ceremony, and the music and the dance

which followed And it was at the wedding that Adele had found a lover. Did

we not say that the desert girl was beautiful? None at the dance

with so wonderful a form and face. Not among the dancers was

there another with such hands, such feet. Yet those feet had

never moved in the dance. And one there was who was smitten

to the heart with her beauty, and that one became her lover.

And so it happened that, down in the crater, Adele had made her vows, and she learned the meaning of that strange word—love.

III.

There is no escape from the decrees of Fate. Her father

had taught this lesson and he had lived to know its truth. Who

more fitting as a lover of Adele than Jaques, the handsome stranger whom they had met at the wedding at the sheepshearer's ranch? A stranger, and yet he had been given his introduction by

the Holy Father himself. Yes, young and wealthy, and as handsome as Adele was fair. His face was bronzed with the mountain

sun, and he had traveled as a companion with the Holy Father.

After the wedding the dwelling on the crater slope received a visitant. But strange, the young stranger bore a name which was hated

of the recluse "Shep."The father of Jaques, and his father before him, had been foes of the ancestors of Adele. They were the

312 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cause of her father's exile from France. And now the children

had met, they had loved; love at first sight, for their feet were

el in the paths of Fate.

And so, after the blind ways of men, the "Shep"had looked with disfavor upon the man; and hence, after the divine light of

lovers, Adele and Jaques but loved the more. And Jaques, the

lover, bore patiently the cold welcome of the father that he might win the hand of the daughter. Like a fool, the "Shep"had apparently never thought of the crisis, such that now had come, lie

had never realized, it appeared, the time when Adele, the isolated and beautiful girl of the desert, might be led away by a lover to! e '111"a wife.

Yet the time had come; the father must give up the one who

was his all, the one being upon the earth who made life for him yet worth the living. What though the lover were the grandson

of one who had been the enemy of his father, though his father were the enemy of the father of Adele? He must yield at last,

love was sure to conquer. Thus, the "Shep"with his dark

brows and his opposition, but advanced, rather than retarded, the course of love. And so Jaques came riding across the waste, and,

from the dwelling on the crater slope, Adele had watched for his coming. The final event could only be a question of time.

And on that great waste, one would think such a family feud might be forgotten. Would it not be blotted out by the great

teacher, Nature. Of what moment was it to Adele, of what moment was it to her lover Jaques, in the wonder of their unbounded

lovefaith, that the fathers, the grandfathers, or the grandfathers before them, had made cause of quarrel? What if the "Shep"

now looked askance upon their loves Should they, the lovers, suffer in an unjust cause? Why should they, the children, keep

alive a fire which were better extinguished? Why should they,

who loved, be the victims of a hate in an unknown past? "Wait."

That was, at last, the father's vow. "Wait, not while he lived!

The father of Jaques was dead, wait until the father of Adele was the same."The consent of the "Shep"was not to be gained.

There was a sort of triumph over, a retaliation for the deeds of the hated father, in thus refusing the plea of the son. But what

of his daughter? Her dead mother, would she have opposed the

lover of Adele the same? By that mother's grave Adele had felt

in her heart, that the part of hate should come to an end, and that the future should be for love.

And so the lovers waited, but it was not decreed that they should wait for long. "Honor thy father and thy mother"—that

they would do. And "For this cause shall a man leave his father

and mother and cleave to his not come for wife"—the time had

that. And the lovers would not have it thus. And death should

ADELH 313

not hasten the time of their joy. And yet, before the priest departed from the land, the father of Adele lay dead!

And he was buried by the side of his wife on the crater floor and again the Holy Father officiated in his holy office surrounded by the trim, black walls. And, later, at the little altar, at the place

where the lovers first met, Jaques and Adele were united as one.

Leaving the ruined dwelling and ascending the slope of the conical hill or butte, where the sheep yet browsed, we looked on the remarkable scene. Truly it possessed a romance of its own.

The sun had set, and all was dim in the black and silent void. Yet

the full moon arose, and touched, with its light, the mounds and the cross on the crater floor. There lay in that strange place the

"Shep"and his wife, and in distant France loved Jaques and

Adele.

And we thought of Fate, and then we thought of Love which is immortal.

Is Man Immortal?

BY JOSEPH F. SM ITI1, JR., OF THE COUNCIL OF TWELVE

II IN THREE PARTS—PART

The Lord declared to Enoch, as we read in the Pearl of Great

Price, that his great work and glory is, "to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man"(Moses 1:39). This great

work and glory began before the foundation of this earth was laid.

For man is not only a physical body, but an immortal spirit also, which is in the likeness of the physical body, or, to speak correctly, the physical body is in the likeness of the spirit. The disciples of the Lord understood this, for, after his resurrection,

when he appeared unto them, "they were terrified and affrighted, and supposed that they had seen a spirit. And he said unto them.

Why are ye troubled? and why do thoughts arise in your hearts?

Behold my hands and iny feet, that it is I myself: handle me, and

see; for a spirit hath not flesh and bones, as ye see me have"

(Luke 24:37, 38).

There is an account given in the Book of Mormon of the brother of Jared presenting himself before the Lord with a number of stones that the Lord might touch them that he and his followers might have light while they crossed the ocean. When the

Lord touched the stones the brother of Tared fell to the earth, and the Lord commanded him to arise, and he said unto the Lord: "I

saw the finger of the Lord, and I feared lest he should smite me for I knew not that the Lord had flesh and blood."And the Lord

said unto him, "Because of thy faith thou hast seen that I shall take upon me flesh and blood; and never hath man come before

me with such exceeding faith as thou hast."This man then asked

the Lord to show himself to him which the Lord did declaring:

"I am he who was prepared from the foundation of the world to redeem my people. Behold T am Jesus Christ. * * * This

body, which ye now behold, is the body of my spirit; and man

have T created after the body of my spirit; and even as I appear

unto thee to be in the spirit, will I"appear unto mv people in the ftesh"(Ether 3:3-16).

In another place it is recorded: "That which is spiritual,

being in the likeness of that which is temporal: and that which is

temporal, is in the likeness of that which is spiritual: the spirit of

man in the likeness of his person, as also the spirit of the beast.

and every other creature, which God has created"(D. and C.

IS MAN 1 IMMORTAL? 315

77:2). What! the beast and every other creature possessing

spirit and living soul? And why not? Were they not body—a

all created before death was in the world? and through the transgression of Adam death passed upon all living creatures. The

Lord did not create them as a thing of naught, to pass away and exist no more. The workmanship of his hands is eternal. "For

all old things shall pass away,"said the Lord, "and all things shall become new, even the heaven and the earth, and all the fulness thereof, both men and beasts, the fowls of the air, and the fishes of the sea, and not one hair, neither mote, shall be lost, for it is the workmanship of mine hand"(D. and C. 29:24, 25). This is

a new thought to the present religious world, that even the animals, through the goodness of God and the atonement of his Son

Jesus Christ, are made immortal. Yet if they had correctly read

the scriptures they would have discovered it, and we shall prove it here.

The spirit of man is the offspring of God and existed in the eternities that are past. Paul said to the Athenians: "For in

him [God] we live, and move, and have our being; as certain of

your poets have said, for we are also his offspring; forasmuch

then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man's device"(Acts 17:2829). In the twelfth chapter of

Hebrews and ninth verse we read: "Furthermore we have had

fathers of our flesh which corrected us, and we gave them reverence: shall we not much rather be in subjection to the Father

of spirits and live?"

Jesus taught his disciples to pray: "Our Father who art

in heaven,"and at all times he taught them that his Father in heaven was also their Father. To Mary he said after his resurrection: "Go to my brethren, and say unto them, I ascend unto

my Father and your Father, and to my God and your God."These

were not idle words. The Savior meant just what he said, that

his Father is also our Father and that he (the Savior) is our

Elder Brother, but the only Begotten Son of God in the flesh, while we are his sons and daughters in the spirit creation.

The Prophet Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon, while in vision, saw the Father and the Son, and were commanded to bear testimony of him, and they have written "For we saw him, even on the right hand of God, and we heard the voice bearing record that he is the Only Begotten of the Father that by him and through him, and of him, the worlds are and were created, and the inhabitants thereof are begotten sons and daughters unto God"(D. & C. 76:2324).

The Lord declared through Moses the following:

"Remember the days of old, consider the years of many generations: * * * When the Most High divided to t*he nations their

316 IMI'k< >VEM I: NT ERA

inheritance, when he separated the sons of Adam, he set the hounds of the people according to the number of the children of Israel."

(Deut. 32:7-8).

A similar passage to this occurs in Acts where Paul declares to the Athenians that the Lord "hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation"(Acts 17:26).

These passages clearly indicate that the numbers of the children of Israel were known and the bounds of their habitation fixed, in the days of old, when the Lord divided to the nations their inheritance. We conclude, therefore, that there must have

been a division of the spirits of men in the spiritual world, and those who were appointed to be the children of Israel were separated and prepared for a special inheritance. But the objection

is raised that since the Lord knows the end from the beginning it is an easy thing for him to determine the number of the children of Israel even before they existed. The fact, however, that

all thing's were created first spiritual and secondly temporal is confirmed in the first two chapters of Genesis. We read in the first

chapter that the Lord created every "moving creature that hath life"in the sea, the fowls of the air, the beasts of the field, the herbs bearing seed, and, to cap it all, man in his own image.

In the second chapter we read that the heavens and the earth were finished and all the host of them, and then later we read (v.5) that

there was not. a man to till the ground, for the Lord had not

caused it to rain upon the earth; moreover, that he created "every

plant of the field, before it was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew."This evidently was a spiritual creation,

and not a temporal one, which truth is confirmed beyond reasonable dispute in the first verse of the second chapter: "Thus the

heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them."

How could all the host of the heavens and the earth be finished at that time, before the earth was prepared to receive the life intended for it, if there was no spiritual creation? No believer

in the doctrine of the soul being the physical body would conten 1 that these natural, or mortal, bodies were all created at that time.

We are forced to conclude, then, that all these things, including the living creatures on the earth, the plants of the field as well as man, were created spiritually, before they were placed in the earth. We cannot avoid this conclusion.

In this dispensation of the fulness of times (Eph. 1:10) the

Lord has revealed this very clearly to his people. In the Pearl

< f Great Price we read "Thus the heaven and the earth were finished and all the host of them. And on the seventh day, T, God, ended my work, and all

things which 1 had made; and T rested on the seventh day from all my

IS MAN IMMORTAL? 317

work, and all things which 1 had made were finished, and I God saw that they were good. And I, God, blessed the seventh day, and

sanctified it; because that in it I had rested from all my work which

I, God, had created and made. And now, behold, I say unto you,

that these are the generations of the heaven and the earth, when they were created, in the day that I, the Lord God, made the heaven and the earth. And every plant of the field before it was in the earth,

and every herb of the field before it grew. For, I, the Lord God,

created all things, of which I have spoken, spiritually, before they were naturally upon the face of the earth. For I, the Lord God, had

not caused it to rain upon the face of the earth. And I, the Lord

God, had created all the children of men; and not yet a man to till

the ground; for in heaven created I them; and there was not yet

flesh upon the earth, neither in the water, neither in the air. * * *

And I, the Lord God, formed man from the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living

soul, the first flesh upon the earth, the first man also; nevertheless, all

things were before created; but spiritually were they created and

made according to my word"(Moses 3:1-7).

Now, this is the word of the Lord as it was originally revealed to Moses and recorded, and again in these latterdays has been restored to man. The passages here quoted are clear and

easily understood and no man who reads them need be at cross purposes with their meaning. Yet, in the book of Genesis the

same thought is set forth, and while not in the clear cut manner here given, yet with sufficient clearness that "he may run that readeth it,"and understand. There is no conflict, but full harmony between King James'version and the Pearl of Great Price.

But men, blinded by tradition and false interpretation of the scriptures, fail to understand.

It is very easy to comprehend with the knowledge here set forth what the prophets of old meant in these passages of scripture:

"Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ;

according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love"(Eph. 1:3-4).

"And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth. And his disciples asked him saying, Master, who did sin, this

man or his parents, that he was born blind?"

In his answer the Savior confirmed the idea in the minds of the disciples of the preexistence when he answered:

"Neither hath this man sinned, nor his parents; but that the works

of God should be made manifest in him"(John 9:1-4).

If their idea had been erroneous, the Master would have taken this occcasion to correct it, for it would have been a grievous error, but he confirmed them in their view.

"In hope of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began"(Titus 1:2).

318 IMPRi >VEMENT ERA

Jeremiah was told that he was called hy the Lord hefore he was born, to be a prophet to the nations ( Jer. 1:5).

This also explains the meaning of the question the Lord put to Job: "Who is this that darkeneth counsel by words without knowledge? * * * Gird up now thy loins like a man; for I will demand

of thee, and answer thou me. Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? Declare, if thou hast understanding. * * *

When the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy"(Job 38:2, 3, 7).

Was there ever such a time as this? We learn from the Pearl

of Great Price, that there was a council held in heaven, when the Lord called before him the spirits of his children and presented to them a plan by which they should come down on this earth, partake of mortal life and physical bodies, pass through a probation of mortality and then go on to a higher exaltation through the resurrection which should be brought about through the atonement of his Only Begotten Son, Jesus Christ. The

thought of passing through mortality and partaking of all the vicissitudes of earth life in which they would gain experiences tli rough suffering, pain, sorrow, temptation and affliction, as well as the pleasures of life in this mundane existence, and then, if faithful, passing on through the resurrection to eternal life in the kingdom of God, to be like him (I John 3:2), filled them with the

spirit of rejoicing, and they "shouted for joy."The experience

and knowledge obtained in this mortal life, they could not get in any other way, and the receiving of a physical body was essential to their exaltation.

God gave his children their free agency even in the spirit world, by which the individual spirits had the privilege, just as men have here, of choosing the good and rejecting the evil, or partaking of the evil to suffer the consequences of their sins. Because of this, some even there were more faithful than others in

keeping the commandments of the Lord. Some were of greater

intelligence than others, as we find it here, and were honored accordingly. We read in the Pearl of Great Price:

"Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the intelligences that were organized before the world was; and among all these there

were many of the noble and great ones. And God saw these souls

that they were good, and he stood in the midst of them, and he said:

These I will make my rulers; for he stood among those that were

spirits, and he saw that they were good; and he said unto me;

Abraham, thou art one of them; thou wast chosen before thou wast

born. And there stood one among them that was like unto God, and

he said unto those who were with him; We will go down, for there

is space there, and we will take of these materials, and we will make an earth whereon these may dwell; and we will prove them herewith,

to see if they will do all things whatsoever the Lord their God shall command them; and the}'who keep their first estate shall be added

IS MAN IMMORTAL? 319

upon; and they who keep not their first estate shall not have glory in

the same kingdom with those who keep their first estateand they who keep their second estate shall have glory added upon their heads for ever and ever"(Abraham 3:2226).

It was this occasion the Lord called to the mind of Job. We

learn from this that the spirits of men had their free agency, some were greater than others, and from among them the Father called and foreordained his prophets and rulers. Jeremiah and

Abraham were two of them. This is sufficient answer to those

who say: "If all men partake alike of this divine thinking essence, they ought to manifest the same degree of intelligence and

show the same disposition. * * * There ought to be uniformity of manifestation if there be uniformity of power."This

is the argument raised by "soulsleepers"against the existence of spirit. The fact is, however, that the spirits of men were not

equal. They may have had an equal start, and we know they

were all innocent in the beginning (D. & C. 83:38), but the right

of free agency which was given to them enabled some to outstrip others and thus, through the eons of immortal existence, to become more intelligent, more faithful, for they were free to act for themselves, to think for themselves, to receive the truth or rebel against it.

In fact, when this plan of redemption was presente 1 and

Jesus was chosen to be the Redeemer of the world, some did rebel. They were not willing to accept him as the "Lamb slain

before the foundation of the world."When the question of

choosing a Savior to redeem the inhabitants of this mortal world was presented, the Lord said: "Who shall I send?"And one

answered like unto the Son of Man: Here am I, send me. And

another answered and said: Here am I, send me. And the Lord

said: I will send the first. And the second was angry, and

kept not his first estate; and at that day, many followed after

mm (Abraham. 4:2728). The first estate was that former spiritual existence, the second estate is this mortal probation, and the

third estate will come in the resurrection of the dead.

This rebellion is given in another place more in detail as follows

"And I, the Lord God, spake unto Moses, saying: That Satan,

whom thou hast commanded in the name of mine Only Begotten; is

the same which was from the beginning, and he came before me.

I, send me, I will be thy son, and I will resaying, Behold—here am

deem all mankind, that one soul shall not be lost, and surely I will do it; wherefore give me thine honor. But, behold, my Beloved Son,

which was my Beloved and Chosen from the beginning, said unto me—Father, thy will be done, and the glory be thine forever. Wherefore,

because that Satan rebelled against me, and sought, to destroy the agency of man, which I, the Lord God, had given him, and also, that

I should give unto him mine own power; by the power of mine Only

Begotten, I caused that he should be cast down; and he became

320 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Satan, yea, even the devil, the father of all lies, to deceive and to blind men and to lead them captive by his will, even as many as would not hearken unto my voice''(Moses 4:1-6).

The Prophet Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon were privileged to see in vision this rebellion and they said "And this we saw also, and bear record, than an angel of God who was in authority in the presence of God, who rebelled against the

Only Begotten Son, whom the Father loved, and who was in the of God andbosom of the Father—was thrust down from the presencethe Son, and was called Perdition, for the heavens wept over him—he

was Lucifer, a son of the morning, and we beheld, and lo, he is fallen!

is fallen! even a son of the morning. And while we were yet in the

spirit, the Lord commanded us that we should write the vision, for we beheld Satan, that old serpent—even the devil—who rebelled

against God, and sought to take the kingdom of our God, and his ( hrist. Wherefore he maketh war with the Saints of God, and encompasses them round about"(D. & C. 76:2529).

Again it is written "And it came to pass, that Adam being tempted of the devil (for, behold, the devil was before Adam, for he rebelled against me, saying, Give me thine honor, which is my power; and also a third part

of the hosts of heaven turned he away from me because of their agency; and they were thrust down, and thus came the devil and his

angels, And, behold, there is a place prepared for them from the beginning, which place is hell"(D. & C. 29:3638).

We have a glimpse of this rebellion recorded in the Bible.

Jude writes the following:

"And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day"(Jude 6).

Peter said:

"God spared not the angels that sinned, but cast them down to hell, and delivered them into chains of darkness, to be reserved unto judgment"(II Peter 2:4).

Isaiah "How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, son of the morning! how art thou cut down to the ground, which didst weaken the

nations! For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven,

I will exalt my throne above the stars of God; I will sit also upon

the mount of the congregation, in the sides of the north: I will ascend

above the heights of the clouds; I will be like the Most High"

(Isaiah 14:1214).

This account in Isaiah is very much like that given through the Prophet Joseph Smith.

This is from the book of Revelation "And there was war in heaven; Michael and his angels fought

against the dragon; and the dragon fought and his angels, and prevailed not; neither was there place found any more in heaven. And

the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent, called the devil, and

IS MAN IMMORTAL? 321

Satan, which deceiveth the whole world; he was cast out into the

earth, and his angels were cast out with him"(Rev. 12:7-9).

All these passages refer to one and the same event—the great

rebellion in heaven, when Lucifer, or Satan, a son of the morning, and onethird of the hosts thereof were cast out into the earth because he sought to destroy the free agency of man and they sided with him. He sought the throne of God and put forth his

plan in boldness in that great council, declaring that he would save all, that not one soul should be lost, provided God would give him the glory and the honor. When his plan was rejected

for a better one, he rebelled and said, as Isaiah states the case:

"I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God, I will be like the Most High."

Tf there had been no free agency, there could have been no rebellion in heaven; but what would man amount to without

this free agency? He would be no better than a mechanical contrivance. He could not have acted for himself, but in all things

would have been acted upon, and hence unable to have received a reward for meritorious conduct. He would have been an automaton; could have had no "happiness nor misery, neither sense nor

insensibility"(2 Nephi 2:11), and such could hardly be called

existence. Under such conditions there could have been no purpose in our creation.

The gospel plan is based upon the merit system, and such a system requires the free agency of man (D. & C. 29:35. 2

Nephi 2:16). Man may choose to do right or he may choose to

do evil, for he is free "to choose liberty and eternal life, through the great mediation of all men, or to choose captivity and death, according to the captivity and power of the devil; for he seeketh

that all men might be miserable like unto himself"(2 Nephi 2:27). rM 'A: VM J

ftMi y>''1 % B

Lincoln's Hour of Vision

Your Opportunity*

BY LR. E. G. GOWANS, STATE SUPT. PUBLIC INSTRUCTION, UTAH

One day in August, 1837, a group, consisting of two doctors and seven lawyers, jogged along on horseback from Springfield,

Illinois, to a little town called Salem, to attend a camp meeting.

Dr. Peter Akers, a wonderful Methodist preacher, was the

speaker for the day. Dr. Akers spoke on the subject, "The

Dominion of Jesus Christ,"and he set forth in impassioned utterance the utter impossibility of Christ's kingdom coming to

America until human slavery was abolished. It is said that

with marvelous power he spoke for three hours, portraying with consummate oratorical skill the iniquity of slavery and the way in which it had fastened itself, with almost vital hold, upon our nation. With prophetic foresight he described the great war

that would be, the bloodshed, the devastation, the horror of it all. Near the close of the sermon he said: "Who can tell us but

that the man who shall lead us through this strife may be standing"in this presence?"

One of the men who had ridden that day from Springfield stood in the aisle not thirty feet away, and his name was Abraham Lincoln. That night after returning home, Lincoln was

asked what he thought of the sermon. He replied: "I never

thought such power could be given to a mortal man. Those

words were from beyond the lips of the speaker. The doctor

has persuaded me that American slavery will go down with the crush of a civil war."He then added, "Gentlemen, you may be

surprised, and think it strange, but when the doctor was describing the civil war I distinctly saw myself, as in second sight, bearing an important part in that strife."Lincoln had had his hour

of vision. Do you wonder that he could make the Gettysburg

speech? Do you wonder that he could give utterance to the

second Inaugural? Do you wonder at the Emancipation Proclamation? No man has ever risen to the heights of great leadership without vision. To everyone there comes an hour of vision.

Those only who have the qualities and powers to make real the vision become great.

One of the functions of education is to bring to the individual his intellectual and moral awakening, to open up before him the future, to show him a vision, and then help him to develop the

*A talk to the graduating class of 1915, Latt'r-day Saints University, Salt Lake City.

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 323

powers to make his vision real. No one knows now, no one knows

when you young people will get your vision, or if perchance some -of you have already seen it. It may be today, it may be

tomorrow, it may be far in the future, but of this we are certain, the school is your opportunity to develop those characteristics which will enable you to make it real.

The vital question with each of you should be: Have I wasted

my opportunity, or have I used it wisely? What has school meant

to you? What have you gotten out of it? You have completed

certain years of more or less definitely prescribed work. You

have gone on year after year making new conquests, acquiring new knowledge, enlarging your intellectual horizon. You have

no doubt enjoyed these plenteous years. It is not alone the technical knowledge you have obtained in the various subjects studied;

but what changes have you observed taking place within yourselves? That is the test of the right use of your opportunity.

What are you that you were not before your opportunity came?

Of course, you are now capable of going out into the world and making a living. Very good, but there is a vast difference

between making a living and making a life.

To make a life you must in the first place have the courage to live, you must accept the gift of life, the supreme gift of God to man. Too many mistakenly regard the byproducts of life as

life itself, and therefore in their efforts to secure these byprod- ucts miss life itself entirely. Happiness is a byproduct and

to meet life,comes only to those who really live—who go out

look it squarely in the face and conquer its difficulties. So it is

with social distinction, wealth beyond what is really needed, place, which degrade and debase the soul, if pursuedpopularity—things

for their own sake, but which if they come as incidentals along the pathway of real life are ennobling and satisfactory. These

things come to those who have the courage to live and not to those who are content merely to exist.

Courage is an elemental sort of virtue admired by all. The

courage of war has been as universal as has patriotism itself.

But the courage of war and battle where excitement and music and the warcry enable men to face death, marching side by side with a thousand others, is as nothing when compared with the masterful bravery of big men who have the courage to march and to stand alone.

Marriage takes courage on the part of young people, because it means heavy responsibilities, it takes away certain freedom to follow selfish desires, it compels the surrender of comforts and pleasures, it imposes duties, but it enacts unselfishness, and, if fortunately it results in the gift of children, it taps the foundations of the greatest and most enduring happiness.

The school offers you the opportunity to develop this sort 324 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of courage. It requires and develops no courage to go along

with the crowd, to listen to the voice of the majority, and to say, "me too."It requires no courage to propose and carry out a

hazing scheme, to form bad habits, to go out for a "time"with the boys, to violate the rules of the school, to announce yourself an agnostic in religion, and knowit-all in everything else, to express the ready made opinion of others, to assume an air of flippant indifference to the welfare of your fellows, and to regulate your conduct by the opinions of the gang. But it does require courage to stand alone for the right against odds, to live

up to a decent standard in school athletics, to insist upon being clean, even at the cost of breaking with the boys, to do your own thinking, to show in a practical way that you are sincerely interested in the welfare of others, to play the man, to stand out from the crowd, to fight the influences which are today destroying the home. If you have used your opportunity wisely, have demonstrated your courage wherever school life has demanded it, you

have felt your courage to live and strive in the bigger life grow stronger and stronger every day until now you know that you have one power that will help you to realize your vision.

To make a life you must be in earnest. Life is real, it is a

serious business, and sincere earnestness is needed to adequately meet its difficulties. The man who is sincerely in earnest about

his life will make a fairly adequate preparation for its duties.

I would not rob young people of the delights and joys of youth.

Young men need the companionship of young women, and young women need that of men, but while there is nothing more valuable to a young man than the companionship of a good woman, there is nothing quite so sinister as that of a bad one. The friendship of a good man is one of the most ennobling things that can

come into the life of a young woman, but God himself can't wipe out of her life the influence of association with a bad one. No,

I would not rob youth of its joys and I compensations—but

would rob it of the causes for regret, of the experiences which leave a bad taste in the mouth, of the selfish gratification of youthful desires which is followed by the staleness of what should be an ardent and veilbalanced middle life, and the dry rot of what should be a dignified and wholesome old age. A

genuine cheerful earnestness is a marvelous safeguard, a capable balance wheel; indeed the poet was right when he said: "Earnestness alone makes life eternity."Those of you who are sincerely in earnest have one more power that will help you to realize your vision.

To make a life you must be able to control yourself. The

control of the individual by himself is the essence of all good government. The big result of selfcontrol is to make one sure

of himself. In taking a position to be sure of his ground, in

YOUR OPPORTUNITY 325

reasoning to be sure of his inferences and conclusions, in all the is what itrelations of life to be sure of his own sincerity,—that

means to have one's self under his own control. Selfcontrol

means for the individual to be quiet and efficient in daily work.

to be cool, steady, levelheaded in the presence of great difficulty; in the presence of the rich, to look not up; in the presence

of the poor, to look not down; in the presence of emergency, to

be resourceful; confronted with disaster, to be full of determinaself-control. If yourtion,—these are the things that constitute

opportunity has been used so as to give you this important power, you have still another means of making your vision real.

To make a life you must be able to work. Listen to this song

of triumph by Angela Morgan:

WORK Work!

Thank God for the might of it.

The ardor, the urge, the delight of it

Work that springs from the heart's desire,

Setting the soul and the brain on fire.

Oh, what is so good as the heat of it,

And what is so glad as the beat of it,

And what is so kind as the stern command

Challenging brain and heart and hand?

Work!

Thank God for the pride of it,

For the beautiful, conquering tide of it, sweeping the life in its furious flood,

Thrilling the arteries, cleansing the blood,

Mastering stupor and dull despair,

Moving the dreamer to do and dare.

Oh, what is so good as the urge of it,

And what is so glad as the surge of it,

And what is so strong as the summons deep

Rousing the torpid soul from sleep?

Work!

Thank God for the pace of it, For the terrible, keen, swift race of it;

Fiery steeds in full control.

Nostrils aquiver to greet the goal.

Work, the power that drives behind.

Guiding the purposes, taming the mind,

Holding the runaway wishes back,

Reining the will to one steady track,

Speeding the energies faster, faster,

Triumphing over disaster.

Oh, what is so good as the pain of it,

And what is so great as the gain of it,

And what is so kind as the cruel goad, 1

Forcing us on through the rugged road?

Work! it. Thank God for the swing of

it, For the clamoring, hammering ring of 326 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Passion of labor daily hurled On the might}- anvils of the world. * * *

Oh, what is so fierce as the flame of it,

And what is so huge as the aim of it,

Thundering on through dearth and doubt,

Calling the plan of the Maker out;

Work, the Titan; Work, the Friend,

Shaping the earth to a glorious end:

Draining the swamps and blasting the hills,

Doing whatever the spirit wills,

Rending a continent apart To answer the dream of the Master heart.

Thank God for a world where none may shirk,

Thank God for the splendor of work!

Work, more than any other one thing, will enable you to make your vision real.

There is one other thingneedful, and that is that your ideals must be right. Lincoln had his hour of vision, and he had, too,

the courage, the earnestness, the selfcontrol, the power to work, and the ideals which made possible the realization of that vision.

His ideals were right when he said: "I do the best I know, the

very best I can; and I mean to keep right on doing so until the

end. If the end brings me out all right, what is said against me

won't amount to anything. If the end brings me out wrong, then

angels swearing I was right would make no difference."His

ideals were right when he said: "Die when I may, I want it said

of me by those who knew me best that I always plucked a thistle and planted a flower where I thought a flower would grow."

So, too, when he said in the Cooper Institute speech: "Neither

let us be slandered from our duty by false accusations against us, nor frightened from it by menaces of destruction to the government, nor of dungeons to ourselves. Let us have faith that

right makes might, and in that faith let us to the end dare to do our duty as we understand it."

And who shall question the Tightness of his ideals when he said: "With malice toward none; with charity for all; with

firmness in the right, as God gives us to see the right—let us

strive on to finish the work we are in; * * * to do all

which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations."And most of all was his ideal

right (and this ideal can be the ideal of each one of us) when he said: "I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true.

I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live up to what light I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right; stand

with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong."And now let me sav, with reverence, may God grant to each of vou your hour of vision, and help you to develop the power to make it real.

"FaintBHeart Ne'er Won Fair Lady"

THE FOURTH OF A SERIES OF FOUR JED STORIES, EACH COMPLETE

IN ITSELF

BY IDA STEWART PEAY

When Jed Ware entered upon the second year of his schooling he laid out for himself two tasks. One was that he must

excel in all his studies and the other was to try to win the affections of Amy Bleeson.

During the summer, while he was away working in the mines, he laid the foundation for the accomplishment of the first task by studying persistently every spare moment. The second did not

seem entirely improbable to him, for he always thought of the little girl teacher as she appeared that Saturday when the school had an outing on the mountain. He had lived again and again

the hour they sat upon the big flat rock and loved life and the beautiful world together. He often recalled the moment they

looked into each other's eyes and laughed from sheer gladness and how afterwards they raced down the mountain side hand in hand like two carefree children. Such thoughts made the extra

shifts and cheap living seem no hardship at all, since it enabled him to put away twohundred dollars against some future need in which, in his mind, Amy Bleeson always figured.

But now, as he swung along towards the old Ware House with his Blackgulch pals, Hebe and Abe in his care, he received a shock which made at least one of his ambitions seem a mere pipe dream. Just as he and his companions turned into the broad

street, at the bottom of which the school was located, they came upon Amy Bleeson walking leisurely along with the very proper, immaculate and haughty Ben Shumway. The two were carrying

on a low but apparently merry conversation. To see the girl he

loved so happy with some one else, and that some one Shumway, smote Jed; he gave a slight start which he hoped Hebe or Abe

would not notice, and the next instant Miss Bleeson had espied her Blackgulch friends and turned to greet them.

In her pretty, gracious way she cordially welcomed them to her home town and the school. If there was a brighter light in

her eyes as she looked up at the big, handsome sheepherder, he did not perceive it. He could hardly see the September sunshine,

so dark had everything grown to him at discovering her intimacy 328 IMPROVEMENT ERA

with the despised Shumway. When the three country boys passed

on, the society man, who had held himself proudly aloof during the brief interval of greeting-, stepped into his place beside the young lady, and the two continued their walk more slowly than setting the pace. Neither of the Blackbefore—the young man

gulch boys spoke until they were fully a block away, then Abe asked in his blunt manner, "Is that her feller?"

"Don't know,"mumbled Jed shortly.

"Hum! he's some sport, ain't he?"observed Hebe.

"Sure, had on the glad rags,"said Abe.

"I guess us fellers, if we did git. some biled shirts, look

mighty different from a swell like him,"mused Hebe more soberly than was his custom.

"'Clothes don't make the man,'"pacified Jed, lamely, without any belief in the words.

"They git the girls,"Hebe indulged, in his usual snicker, "that's plain."

"Not the right kind of girls,"persisted Jed, dully, still with no faith in his assertion.

"Well, little Bleeson was a mighty sweet kind down south, there's lots likedon't know how she'll take up here—maybe

her.""No, there isn't!"contradicted Jed, "she'll be the belle of the

school,"he predicted, with returning warmth.

"She can have me,"grinned Hebe.

"An'me,"echoed Abe with a chuckle.

"She's had me a long time,"Jed said absently, sighing. Hebe

and Abe looked up quickly and exchanged glances but they said nothing. "Well, boys, here's the big school,"Jed announced solemnly as he and the new students reached the little frame entrance built incongruously on the great bare side of the long Ware House.

"Not such an allfired fine buildin',"Abe criticized, looking it over. "No,"Jed owned, "but, you see, their first schoolhouse burned down and they are just using this as a makeshift until they can get a new home built. One is now in the course of construction

on the other side of town.

"Oh!"Hebe and Abe nodded together, enlightened and mollified. They both grew very quiet as they mounted the stairs on

their tip toes.

"Why, here's Sally!"exclaimed Jed, coming suddenly upon

the only girl in Blackgulch who was in any way prepared for the higher education offered at the Academy.

"Yes,"cried Abe, his face lighting up with pleasure, "she said she'd be early. How'd you think you'll like it, Sally?"there

"FAINT HEART NE'ER WON FAIR LADY"329

was a solicitous note in rough Abe's voice that escaped Jed and

Hebe, but not Sally; she cast the boy a grateful glance as she

whispered, "All right, I guess, but I'm scared blue."

Abe laid his big hand gently on her arm, "Never mind, Sally,"he coaxed, "men Hebe's in the same boat."

"Well, come on, you will all get along fine,"cheered Jed, as he took his Blackgulch friends under his wing, so to speak, and got them started. He was alert to every glance of curiosity or

merriment directed against his townfolk. Indeed, his great

anxiety to protect them from any unpleasantness or hurts was so apparent that it was generally respected by Jed's many friends, and so Hebe and Abe and Sally Brown got through their first day at the Academy without disconcerting incidents. Amy Bleeson,

too, the little teacher, who had gone to their far away town and wakened them up and encouraged them to try to get an education, showed them every attention, and as she seemed to be fully as popular in the big school as she was at Blackgulch, they felt quite flattered.

One late afternoon toward the close of the first semester, Jed wandered to the north windows in the old Normal Room that overlooked the approach to the building. He hardly admitted to himself that he had any particular purpose in going in that direction,

except that he liked to study there. But incidentally it was his

habit to glance occasionally out over the diagonal path which led from the school entrance to the street, and nearly always about this time of day the same sight met his gaze. Tonight was no exception to the rule. When he had been there but a few minutes,

Amy Bleeson emerged from the entrance and started across the old path; walking easily beside her, carrying her books and smiling

his most engaging smile, was Ben Shumway. Jed set his square jaw clown tight and frowned darkly—"I

bitterwouldn't care so much if he were not such a cur—."His

reflections were cut short by a tap on the shoulder from his friend

Hebe who had looked out of the window and raised his brows significantly, but who was looking very interestedly across the room at a girl, when Jed turned.

"Who is that young lady?"he whispered, pointing to the

voung lady on the other side of the room.

"That's Allie Peck,"said Jed.

"Give me a 'knockdown'to her,"modestly demanded the latest arrival from the sheepherd.

"Why, she's one of the swells of the school,"exclaimed Jed in surprise.

"Well, that don't hurt her none with me,"said Hebe blurting out into his goodnatured laugh, as he drew Jed away from the window.

In the course of a few minutes Jed and Hebe had overtaken 330 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Miss Peck on her way down the stairs, Hebe had been formally presented and soon the three were chatting easily: Both boys

walked home with the young lady and before her gate was reached it was evident that she and Hebe were getting along rapidly in a mutually agreeable friendship. From then on pretty Miss Peck's

desk was haunted by the jovial country lad, and it was easy to see the young lady was not altogether displeased.

The winter passed quickly for at least two of the Blackgulch rowdies. Hebe made a fair student, a gay gallant, and was an

allaround favorite, few being able to resist his perpetual good humor. Poor Abe made but slow progress in his lessons, but his

sincere and earnest struggle and straightforwardness earned for him the respect of all the thoughtful ones. Both boys were

thoroughly interested and contented, for which later developments may furnish adequate reason.

Jed, alone, was not like himself, something was wrong with him. True he was making his way steadily and by no means

slowly among the leading students of the school, but in some ways he was not the same old dauntless, fearless, reckless Jed.

One warm spring afternoon he was standing once more by the he called it to himself—inhis old watch tower window—as

Normal Room. From here he looked out over the diagonal path

that led from the entrance to the street and presently saw Amy and

Shumway walk off together. It was a familiar sight to him now,

and he witnessed it with dull calmness. In a few minutes Hebe

and Allie Peck came into view, Allie was laughing merrily, no doubt at Hebe's droll nonsense. Some time later these two couples

were followed by good old Abe carrying the books and easing the homesickness of quiet little Sally Brown. He could see Abe leaning close to the Blackgulch girl and looking down at her while

Sally glanced up trustingly, gratefully at him.

Jed heaved a sigh: he began thinking bitterly of his great

plans of last summer. Of course, he could not help feeling satisfied at his progress for he was gaining splendidly in his classes.

With his remarkable native ability, his great capacity for work, his determination to rise and a real love of had knowledge—whichlaid dormant until Miss Bleeson's advent in Blackgulch—he was

making wonderful advancement. His teachers declared he had

made the most unusual progress of any student that had ever entered the school. But he was not even trying to win Amy Bleeson and he acknowledged to himself that he wanted her more now

than ever before, and more than anything else in the world.

Discouraged and enraged at Shumway's apparent acceptance,

Jed had actually shunned the lady of his dreams. At first Miss

Bleeson had been with him as she was with everybody, cordial, frank, winning and merry, but of late she seemed almost to be avoiding him. Tonight Jed's heart was heavier than usual. He

"FAINT HEART NE'ER WON FAIR LADY"331

was lonely and full of a great longing-. There never had been a

woman in his life, no mother, no sister, really no girlfriend all his affection for womankind was rolled into his love for Amy

Bleeson and she was monopolized—lost to him. After an hour of

heartache so intense that it left its mark upon his strong, young face, he turned to his books, as was his custom, for consolation.

There in the old north window he studied until the janitor, peeping in. discovered him and said he was locking up the house. Jed had

been so absorbed in his study and melancholy that he had not noticed the lateness of the hour, but now remembering many labors he had to perform, he rushed out quite excitedly.

As Jed reached the street across the diagonal path from the little frame entrance, he came face to face with Shumway and was plunged further into misery by one of Ben's triumphant and disdainful glances. At the end of the first block, Jed passed one

of the professors.

"Well, you are late getting home, Jed,"said the man as he passed, and Jed merely murmured, "Yes, sir"-—never for a moment suspecting that these slight circumstances were weaving a

web around him that would cause him one of the sharpest pangs of his life.

The next morning when Jed arrived at school and entered the

Normal Department, he realized that something was being discussed excitedly by a fast growing crowd around the teacher's desk. As Jed could look over most people's head, he saw that the

registrar of the school was the center of attraction. At that moment, one of the head professors (the one Jed had met the night

before when he was leaving for home) entered.

"What is the matter here?"he enquired looking curiously

around. "Why, I have been robbbed,"declared the flustrated registrar.

"Robbed! How's that! What do you mean?"cried the orofessor in astonishment. "Well, yesterday, after the close of school—"the registrar

began to relate while a dead silence made his words audible toevery person in the room—"a student brought me a $20 greenback on tuition. I was standing at the north window, yonder, explaining and working a problem in mathematics to some students.

T do not remember what I did with it that moment, but I presume it away I laid it between the leaves of my book thinking to put as soon as I was through figuring. I stood there with the students

for more than an hour, in fact, until there was but one person left in the room.

"I did not think of the monev again until sometime after I it, and being unable to arrived at my home. Then, looking for

find it, T realized I had left the book upon the window. I hurried

back getting here just as the janitor was locking the doors. My

332 IMPROVEMENT ERA

book was on the window where I had left it, but there was no money to be found. I asked the janitor, here"—the man wasstanding near lookingvery worried—"who was the last person in

the building. He said it was Jed Ware, in fact, that Mr. Ware

was the only person in the department after I left."

"Yes,"reluctantly admitted the old man, shaking his head and looking very much perturbed, "Mr. Ware was the last man to

leave the place."

"Yes,"murmured the professor thoughtfully, "I met Mr.

Ware as he was going home, it was after sundown; though, of

course, that is no circumstance of consequence,"he added hastily as he caught sight of Jed Ware standing as if struck dumb in the midst of the crowd which now included about all of the school that could get into the room.

"I met him, too, as he was leaving,"volunteered Ben Shumway insinuatingly.

Abe, who was standing near him, growled threateningly, "What's you drivin'at?"

"Tryin to find out who took the money,"sneered Ben.

"Well, you don't need to be trying to connect Ware with it, fur you know he's not that kind?"snarled Abe.

"No?"Shumway's lip curled contemptuously, scornfully,

"don't a horse thief ever take money?"

In a second both Hebe and Abe had laid rough hands on the school's aristocrat.

"Take that back,"Abe demanded fiercely while Hebe's humorous twinkle was hidden by a black, angry scowl.

"No, he needn't take that back,"it was Jed's voice that rang out clear and daring. His handsome, brown face which had been

burning a dull red suddenly became colorless, he was breathing

I guess I'll have to take my sentence now. I did steal a horsehard,I—his lips were dry. "I was never punished for that sin so

once.""O, Jed, you didn't steal the horse, you didn't mean to keep it,"Amy Bleeson's sweet girlish tones drew everybody's eyes from

Jed to herself. Her cheeks were red and her pretty blue eyes

were flashing with indignation.

"I took the horse,"Jed maintained, looking straight into the eyes of Miss Bleeson. "Of course, I meant to return it,"he

added sorrowfully, seeming to have forgotten every one present except the girl he was addressing, "but I took it and I deserve the reproach. You can never do a wrong without suffering for it

some time, some way, so I'll take my medicine now, and be done with it. I never took anything else in my life, though, and as

for this money, I know nothing about it,"he was still talking to

Amy Bleeson and she was looking at him with a world of sympathy in her kind, blue eyes.

"FAINT HEART NE'ER WON FAIR LADY"333

"Pshaw!"Shumway slurred, "some folks are so innocent!"

Ever since Jed called him down for kissing girls, just for fun;

and ever since he had know this chapter in Jed's life, Ben had ached to publicly denounce the big sheepherder. But now he

had done so, he was almost sorry, for the girl that he preferred above all other girls was looking at him with undisguised disgust.

"There is no power on earth could make me believe Mr. Ware

took that money,"she declared stoutly to Shumway.

Jed could only look his thanks, but his dark eyes grew darker as they plainly expressedboth deep gratitude and admiration for tlie girl of his dreams.

"It's a very deplorable affair,"said the professor, "a very deplorable affair. T hardly know how we are going to discoverthe culprit; it is surely not—

He stopped speaking as some one came rushing and pushing through the crowd. It was one of the students who was standing

near the Registrar when that gentleman received the money.

"Look in your vest pocket, the one to your left hand,"he cried breathlesslv. The Registrar did so instantly and pulled out

a $20 note.

"For heaven's sake!"ejaculated the poor Registrar, entirely

mystified. "You had a book in your left hand and was figuring with your right,"the new comer began to explain, "when the student handed you the money; I saw you take it between the finger an 1

thumb of the left hand and, since the book you held prevented you putting it in your trouser's pocket, you stuffed it with your finger and thumb into that vest pocket."

Everybody heaved a sigh of relief. Just then the gong

sounded, and in the space of a few seconds the crowd had dispersed. The Registrar and Professor shook hands with Jed, assuring him they had not had the slightest notion of accusing him.

they had not even for a moment suspected him, and both were exceedingly sorry his name had been so thoughtlessly mentioned.

An influential student slipped an arm through Jed's and whispered confidently, soberly, "I'm glad this matter came up, Ware, and I'm more than glad that you spoke out the truth. It turned out to be

not half so bad as what has been whispered around lately. In

fact, now we know the square of the thing, it's nothing—there's

my hand,"he held out his hand and led grasped it warmly, while an understanding glance of fellowship passed between the two boys.

Soon school was going as if nothing unusual had occurred, but Jed, though he suffered keenly for many days, finally concluded it was the best thing that could have happened to him.

That night Hebe and Abe paid a visit to their old pal. When

they were comfortably settled in the little room, and Jed had laid 334 IMPROVEMENT ERA aside his books, Abe began bluntly, ''What's eatin'you, Jed? Why

don't you git in an'try to win the girl?"

Jed looked surprised, and colored noticeably. "Hadn't

thought there was much chance for me,"he murmured apologetically.

"Bah!"said Abe, "you wasn't 'fraid to hang 'round her inBlackgulch before you had any schoolin'and now—

"It was a case of fools rushing in where angels fear to tread,"interrupted Jed, with something like his old hearty laugh.

"Well,"ventured Hebe, feeling too sober even to grin, "if any girl ever made as grand a defense of me before the whole school, as little Bleeson did of you, I wouldn't be afraid."

"You ain't the same, Jed, you used to be down in Blackgulch.

If schoolin'is going to take all the nip and daredevil out of you you'd better go back to the sheepherd,"Abe grumbled.

"You had a more independent, peppery spirit 'fore you knew as ignorant as Fanny Meyer'sa blamed thing—when you was

blind colt. If education is going to make me scared to go up

against a thinskinned, underhanded, pretender to blueblood, like

Ben Shumway, I'm goin'to give it up 'fore I get any further in love with the little Peck girl,"declared Hebe, looking the picture of eloquence.

Abe laughed heartily. "We're all gettin'the mating fever,

Jed,"he chuckled; "men Sally's goin'to have the knot tied 'fore

we go home this spring. We're goin'to give up schoolin'—decide 1 we ain't cut out fur scholars. Like the notion of schoolin'

mighty well, both of us, but our heads are too thick, yep, too dern persuade somethick. We'll go back home an'maybe we—a—can

brighter young folk to take our place."

Jed grabbed Abe's hand and wrung it warmly as his old pal looked a little shy and altogether pleased and happy. "Bully for

you, Abe!"he said; "I'm mighty glad you've found the big life

ah, the great so little trouble. Good luck to you and life—with

Sally."Hebe was smiling gleefully to himself, and Jed suddenly perceiving it, cried jocularly, "Out with it Hebe!"

"Well,"said Hebe, throwing out his hands with an "owning up"gesture, while his eyes twinkled into a mischievous grin, "I'm never going to see Blackgulch again. I've got a job here for the

summer with a store, down town, and I'm going to take a business course, and I'm going to keep on courting Allie Peck until she

'takes me to get rid of me."

This jolly little visit with his old pals built Jed wonderfully.

After the boys left he put away his books, spent two hours on a toilet—combing

started out to call on Amy Bleeson. That young ladytimes—and his great shock of black hair not less than forty

greeted Jed in her pretty, cordial way, but he took no heart from

"FAINT HEART NE'ER WON FAIR LADY"335

that, he was sure she had often welcomed Hebe and Abe and

Shumway, Joe Anderson and others just as pleasantly.

Father and Mother Bleeson, Jack, and all the younger Bleesons, spent the evening, as was their custom, in the cozy parlor where a cheerful fire burned brightly in the grate. There was

reading, music, laughter and sparkling conversation; every one

seemed to be feeling lighthearted and merry, and soon Jed felt quite at home. Presently one, then another, bade him good night

until all had left the room but Amy. Jed thought this the signal

for his departure, so he arose to go. But it was so good to be

there, and to be near the one sweet girl; this seemed to be the

very fireside he had longed for all his life. He walked over to

the hearth and leaned for a moment against the mantel. Suddenly, his old daredevil spirit returned, his eyes lighted up, he

threw back his black hair with his former characteristic moveto breakment of independence and power—he had determined

into the game "Will you go to the party with me, next Friday night?"

There was fire and gladness as well as longing in his great dark eyes as he looked across at Miss Bleeson. She had also risen and

was standing on the other side of the grate. The fire was flickering low. She did not answer for a moment, and the young man's

smile began to fade.

"Why, Jed,"she finally murmured, returning Jed's a—yes,straight look, while her pretty face softened into a slow, curioussmile, "but—"she stopped. Jed did not know what to think of

her hesitation, he did not smile with her, he looked very sober.

"But what?"he asked.

I had "You haven't been very friendly with me this winter, hoped to see you oftener,"she said, apparently interested in the firepictures.

Jed's face brightened instantly; he moved nearer to her.

care to see me?"he asked eagerly in a low voice."Did—did you

"Of course,"smiled the girl, "we were such good friends in

Blackgulch."I—"Oh, you don't know how miserable I've been,

"You've been working too hard,"accused the young lady, solicitously.

"No, I have not."denied the boy, "but I've—been loving you

too much:""Oh, Jed!"Amy Bleeson started, a great flush of color crept

under her fair skin, and heightened the blue of her eyes.

"Forgive me,"begged Jed, "I did not mean to tell you, but

I have been so lonely—I've"loved you so long. I loved you the

first minute I saw you, and I've loved you every hour since. Jed

was standing over her now and she glanced up at him with a look that set his heart to thumping. "Do you think—oh, could it be

336 IMPROVEMENT ERA

he cried, taking her handspossible—will you marry me, Amy?"

in his. "Oh, you dear Jed!"she murmured.

"Do you love me?"whispered Jed incredulously.

"A whole lot,"she told him with shining eyes; and then the

big country man, who had scarcely touched a woman in his life, took the little girl of his dreams masterfully into his great, strong, hungry arms and kissed her.

PfcOVO, UTAH

My Plea

God give me faith. My view is circumscribed.

My mind, attuned to finite things,

Needs Faith's pure stimulus and certain guide

To shape its course as forth it wings

Through the vast maze of error mixed with truth.

For truth alone, I quest, and pray, forsooth,

God give me Faith.

At times I sweep along life's varied course

And think my wisdom marks the way,

Then dire perplexities beset, perforce,

And I must grope, unless its ray

Shine forth and penetrate the gath'ring mist,

Illuminate my senses, and assist

My wav'ring feet.

There are dark passages along the road

When all my knowledge comes to naught;

There are temptations, and at times my load

Seems with such useless burdens fraught

That hope seems dead, and effort seems a waste,

And then, how welcome unto me the chaste,

Pure glow of Faith.

Not my own pleasure would I seek alone.

To know the right, I hold is best,

With strength to do it when it once is known.

So, if with doubts I am oppressed,

Or in the weakness of misguided strength

I stumble, and the way grows dark at length,

God give me Faith.

There are great tasks to do, and lesser deeds;

But duty's oft beset with guile.

I may not know to what my effort leads,

But, that I work content the while,

One gift I ask, that I may rightly strive.

And at the goal Thou'st fixed at last arrive,

God give me Faith.

T. C. Hoyt.

OGDEN, UTAH Human History not Explained by Evolution

BY ROBERT C. WEBB

[This article is a continuation of a series of contributions by the same author, which appeared in Volumes XVII and XVIII of the Er\

The earlier writings have dealt more particularly with the development of organisms, and the bearing of the doctrine of "Evolution"thereon; the present article treats the subject of the varied traits and

tendencies of man as summarized under the title "Human Nature,"and considers the origin and source thereof. While each article is

to study the entire series.—Editors.]complete in itself, students are advised

in three parts part i According to the evolution philosophy, the affairs of the world, and of humanity in particular, are determined by an unescapable tendency to a "necessary progress."Thus, we are accustomed to class among established truths the statement that

there has been an evident improvement throughout historic time.

We pass, without challenge or comment, therefore, the expressed claim that "we"—meaning the peoples of presentday Europe and

America—have evidently "advanced,"in a biological sense, beyond the ancient Egyptians, Greeks, Romans, Hindus, Semites,

etc., just as they were "ahead of"savages, and these latter, in

turn, superior to the alleged primordial ape ancestors. We also

allow, in accord with current fashions in thinking, that savages represent merely persistent examples of the type original to all humanity, and the earliest state in which, historically, man is differentiated from the brute. It has occurred to very few thoughtful people, apparently, to ask in what consists this assumed progress—this claimed superior advancement—through which moderns

of European stock are to be considered biologically so superior to civilized peoples of antiquity. The answer to such a question

is by no means as clear as, at first thought, one might be inclined to expect. As history reveals the facts, however, it is entirely safe

to state that by far the greater part, if, indeed, not all, of our boasted progress consists in improvements of methods, devices and instruments of human use and expression, rather than in that of human nature itself. Thus, instead of discovering presumptions of the notion that the type of man has advanced to its present condition from something not precisely "human,"as at present understood, and is still advancing, the conclusion is nearly inevitable that human nature has been the same throughout historic time. When so strong a case may be made for this conten-

338 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion by an examination of the facts, we may readily understand in human nature have been of negligible imthat—since changes

further biological "improvement"ofport throughout history—the

the race, as postulated on evolutionary principles, must occupy such immense periods of time, that, with the consummation of human perfection, the earth will be nearly ready to lapse into the barren and lifeless condition which has overtaken the moon. For

such, as our scientists hold, is the destiny of all worlds in the universe, our own included. How alluringly the evolution "philosophy"sets forth the "glorious destiny"of the race

The human differs from all other creatures in his relations to the external world. The range and efficiency of his mental

operations are increased directly as the number of facts assimilated into the forms of thinking. Thus, as the known world grows

greater for him, he also grows greater, or rather achieves a better this word in the sense familiar in mechanics efficiency—using

is able, so long as he maintains his grasp on a wider area—and

of knowledge, to think and act like a creature very essentially superior to his less favored fellows, who have a smaller command of facts. This follows from the reason that, just as a man depends

upon the breadth and sufficiency of his knowledge for the achievement of such orders of progress and culture as he is able to manifest, so, also, can he thereby avail himself of a greater number of new functions, in the shape of extraorganic, or artificial, tools or instruments, with the help of which, as one might suppose, he is capable of increasing his powers almost without limit. By the

aid of instruments and machines, constructed in accordance with natural physical laws, discovered in the course of extending his knowledge, and not to be known except through labored investigations, he is able to increase the range and capacity of his every sense and faculty, and achieve results, otherwise impossible in the natural order.

In the acquisition, dissemination, preservation and use of knowledge we find the core and essence of all that is included in human progress and development. The discovery of natural laws

and the ability to apply them in the construction and use of instruments for the achievement of certain ends, also, in the improvement of such instruments, enlarge man's physical environment and increase his practical abilities, but can not, by any logical necessity, be assumed to improve the human type. Thus, if

representatives of the most civilized peoples on earth should be marooned in a wild and abandoned region, where they would be thrown entirely upon their own resources, and with no help from, or communication with outside peoples, they must, unless possessed of expert special knowledge of using nature's resources for civilized purposes, quickly revert to the most "primitive"arts and methods, and the use of the crudest kinds of tools and instruments.

HUMAN HISTORY NOT EXPLAINED BY EVOLUTION 339

They would, in fact, become "stoneage"men. If unable to rediscover and utilize the fundamental sciences of metallurgy, chemistry and mechanics, their descendants in each successive generation must depart further and further from civilized standards. In

fact, the superiority of such descendants to indigenous barbarians would consist quite entirely in the arts and sciences which they might be capable of preserving. All this means simply that, in

his numerous achievements, man has merely erected a structure or entity distinct from it progress, civilization, culture, himself—call

that, apart from the mass of mankind, andor what one will—and

from their associations, traditions, achievements and history, the capacities of the individual, by which he would be able to maintain himself in extreme circumstances, are limited by the confines of the practical knowledge, which he has mastered, as one masters a trade or an art.

On the other hand, even with the fullest admission that all organisms in nature may have developed, or been "evolved,"from the simplest beginnings, it must be evident that the "progress"of mankind, their development of the numerous arts and sciences of civilization, is a process of quite another description. When, in

nature, there is need or occasion for some special organ or funcsuitable or creatively, as one will—by sometion,—developmentallysome particular tool or weapon, the requirement is supplied

modification of a structural element characteristic of the "generic plan"involved, and such modification becomes, from thenceforth, permanent to the type or species. Thus, the wings of all flying

vertebrates are evidently variants, structural homologues, of the fore limbs and hands possessed by other nonflying representatives of allied genera. If developed, in course of some historical, or

time, process, from true ancestral hands—as

see in the achievement a fresh example of nature'ssense—we may is not proven in any

method of adapting an organism by suitable structural modifications, to meet the requirements of a new environment. Furthermore, with such structural modifications, however they may have

been produced, we are compelled to recognize a commensurate involved knowledge, or awareness, of the proper way to control and use the organ for the purposes that it was evidently adapted to serve. The "soldier"ant differs from the "worker,"not merely

because of "training in arms"—to use a term borrowed from hubecause its formidable "weapons"are a partman experience—but

of its anatomy, and the knowledge of using them is involved in the structure of its ganglionic system. If, therefore, flying animals and specialized communal insects represent "improvements,"

as compared with alleged ancestral forms, and their perfecting is due to the operation of natural laws, it is evident that human history affords no analogies to any of the essential processes involved.

340 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The achievement of such results as are possible to the civilization of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries must, in all natural necessity, follow only from constantly progressive accumusimplest to the most complexlations of known facts—from the

the simplest facts forming the material for the complex deducas the education of the individual, by which he is madetions—justacquainted with the world of facts and his relations to it, must

begin with the most obvious elements and proceed to the most obscure. And yet, the entire process, in which the race has finally

approximated the conquest of a few of the forces of nature has depended: (1) upon the attention devoted to particular subjects

at special times, and (2) upon the methods followed in the search for truth. That the attention given to any subject at any period

has been limited, or that the methods of searching for or treating facts have been defective, are to be attributed to ignorance in the special departments in question, or to lack of interest in contemporaneous minds, with very much more propriety than to deficient mentality.

Thus, for example, although people had known for several centuries, perhaps for thousands of years, that a considerable energy is generated, or released, when water, under the action of heat, passes into steam, that fact lay among the curiosities of nature, until about 150 years ago, simply because no one had investigated the phenomena of steam generation with attention sufficient to discover the true method of using its energy for practical purposes. Also, the process, in course of which the problem was

finally solved, embodied a progress or development of knowledge, from the simplest principles, upward. Probably the first really

inefficientmechanical use of steam—although a very one—was by

Newcomen in 1710. Sixty years later, after long experience with

Newcomen's device, Watt produced his first doubleacting engine, which utilized for the first time the expansive energy of steam, against a partial vacuum created in a separate condenser.

The highpressure engine, using steam for pressures greater than atmosphere (14.7 lbs. per sq. in.), and enabling efficient and

economical utilization of natural energy, was not produced until the beginning of the nineteenth century. The perfecting of the

steam engine, occupying numerous minds during the better part of a century examples, most conspicuously, the first use for practical research of the socalled "scientific method,"by which conclusions are derived from experimental observation of facts, rather than upon general and a priori deductions, without special experimentation. Because they had failed to use this method, and not

because of any deficiency in native intelligence, scientists and physicists previous to the opening of the eighteenth century failed to discover the real facts regarding steam and the best available method of using it mechanicallv. Similarly, also, even such a brilliant and revolutionary investigator as Watt never thought of the

HUMAN HISTORY NOT EXPLAINED BY EVOLUTION 341

possibility of generators—or boilers—capable of yielding high

pressures with safety and economy: in fact, he bitterly opposed

the suggestion that formed the basis of modern steam engine practice. Thus because he had neglected to turn his attention into a

new direction, he failed to achieve full credit as inventor of the first great mechanical contrivance of modern times.

The situation existing in the history of the steam engine is the same as exists in all other sciences. We find that the discovery of a new truth always follows on the use of a proper

method of treating facts, while defective methods have been responsible for the continuance of errors and misconceptions. When

Archimedes, cogitating the problem of determining the amount of gold in an irregularly shaped crown, concluded, in his bath, that a material body, no matter what its shape, must always displace the equivalent of its own bulk, when immersed in water, he formed a generalization characteristic of a mind strongly intelligent, even if uninformed upon some special subjects. When, on the other

hand, the alchemists of mecMpev Europe, in spite of the few valuable discoveries to their credit, experimented at random, in the hope of achieving probably impossible results, they demonstrated merely how a false method, or no method at all, can negative the efforts of even able minds. From such scattered examples we

may understand that for a person familiar with the known facts of a given department of knowledge the discovery of new ones is far easier than for one less learned. Nor, apart from their

respective stores of knowledge, is the success of the former or the failure of the latter to be attributed to essential differences in actual intelligence. Very many of the facts of nature are, like

the metal stored in "refractory ores,"difficult of extraction, and to be obtained only through skill and effort. In fact, truth never

yields to intelligence alone, but rather to the force exerted by a large "head"of knowledge, previously accumulated, like water retained by a dam for utilization of its propulsive weight.

Such principles furnish a clue to judging the work and achievements of prehistoric man, as well as those of the historic.

From the apparent advances in the making and using of tools, weapons, etc., observed in definite regions of the earth, scientists

have concluded that there must have been a universal "stone age,"in which mankind made all their implements of stone, and had no knowledge of the extraction and working of metals. Later on, as

thev claim, there was a "copper age,"then a "bronze age,"and, finally, the "iron age,"which preceded the beginning of a "higher civilization."Of course, the implication is that we have, in these

apparent "stages"of development, some warrant for the supposition that, at a definite epoch in his history, man first became a toolusing animal, and that, previously, he had been devoid of all ability to construct even the simplest weapons or implements.

342 IMPROVEMENT ERA

While there is no respectable evidence that, any civilized people known to history was developed from crude and barbarous tribes having no knowledge of metal working, there is much to be said for the contention that the "stoneage"men of Europe, the Nile valley, etc., represented isolated tribes, precisely like the American latter continued the use of stone weapons aborigines—these

and implements to the time of the discovery of America, although their contemporaries in Mexico and Central and South America lost, or whohad considerable metallurgical knowledge—who had

had failed to develop the metalworking arts. The remains of some

such tribes were found in the excavation of the ancient city of

Troy, in deposits of soil above the level of the Homeric conflict. Such facts serve as good partial offsets to the conclusions

of evolution advocates.

Although deficient in special knowledge of several branches, the men of the socalled "stone age"were not, evidently, of low and brutal types, as commonly supposed. In spite of the occasional discovery of a lowbrowed or heavyjawed skull, strongly suggesting low mentality or brutish approximations in some

one or other, unknown, who is dead, these ancients, if we are to judge them by their works, must be credited with an intelligence and capacity that are distinctly human. Although, through ignorance of many facts, since, or elsewhere, widely mastered, they

could not produce the material effects easy to peoples having the knowledge of working metals, their productions are most creditable, considering their limitations. A man who has the skill to

flake a flint to a cutting edge or to haft a stone ax or club, could certainly master the rudiments, at any rate, of metal working, should he have the opportunity to learn them. The fact that they

did not, apparently, understand metallurgy, or, at any rate, did not use such knowledge, if possessed, to any visible extent, argues that they were ignorant of this science, just as our predecessors of a hundred years ago knew nothing of telegraphs, telephones, gas engines or aeroplanes, and, in no sense whatever, that they were imbeciles or semiapes. Thus, as if to controvert the pseudoscientific teachings of too many writers, we find that, in spite of

limitations of any varieties, some of these people, at least, possessed a high degree of artistic ability. They have left, carved

on bone or ivory, or painted, or modeled in clay, on the walls of their caves, representations of some of the wild animals living in their times. These drawings, paintings or models, although

"crude"or "unfinished,"as judged by the standards of artistic perfection, show, in general, a distinct ability to note and reproduce the outlines and physical details of the creatures depicted.

recognizable, notThus, their elephants—mammoths, etc.—are

only because possessed of trunk and tusks, but also in the contours and anatomical proportions that are, in very many cases, amply

HUMAN HISTORY NOT EXPLAINED BY EVOLUTION 343

sufficient to identify the particular species from others in the same natural group. As "sketches"they are distinctly meritorious.

To claim, therefore, that the people capable of such performances were of "low mentality"—somewhat more "bestial"than our own

contemporaries—is both unwarranted and absurd. They certainly

possessed good powers of observation—they saw correctly—and

sufficient coordination of brain and hand to express the ideas present in their thought. Such capability is positively immensely

above every known faculty possessed by brutes, and is distinctly characteristic of a welldeveloped human intelligence. Yet these

people were, as supposed, very close in time to the earliest humans, of whom we have evidence. Of those of whom we have no evidence and no remains, we cannot, of course, speak.

Singers of the Little Songs

Some there are whom God hath chosen

Great of soul, whose songs sublime 'Waken in each heart the measures

Of a melody divine.

Yet, the Lord gave other singers

Who the little songs may croon:

The hopeful sower in the dawning;

The reaper in the field at noon;

The mother bending o'er a cradle;

The little lad and maid at play;

The multitude of busy toilers Plodding through each day.

Though you may not wear the laurel,

May not seek a crown of bay, Like a thrush hid in a thicket,

You may sing beside the way:

Sing of bravery, sing of courage,

As the meadowlark, of joy, And those who faint shall pass on strengthened,

Though no art you may employ.

Then voice thy little song with rapture,

To you it will contentment bring

Jehovah hears the Earth's great pean

And he harks the stave you sing.

Maud Baggarley.

WATERLOO, UTAH

Harvest Time in Peace and War

Once more October lays her magic hand,

As though in benediction, on the waiting land

Once more the sound of harvesters afield,

Gathering the bounties of the summer's yield,

Proclaims the autumn here.

Once more, from grateful hearts, the peans raise

For bounteous harvest crowning waiting days

Plenty is ours, and all its blessings come

To make life happy, in each pleasant home;

Thank God that Peace is ours.

But O, from 'cross the seas we catch the sound

Of other harvest—that of War—renowned

For making beasts of men; of women, slaves

Orphans of children; land of untimely graves

Ruin and devastation out of all.

Where grain should grow are trenches, carnage filled;

Where pure love flourished, faith and virtue killed

Where flowers once bloomed, by fearsome stench we ken

The woeful havoc wrought by warmad men,

Zealously obeying War's demands.

We stand in awe of such a gruesome sight

We pity those whose day has changed to night;

And, from our peaceful firesides, pray that God

May bring from out this warmade chaos, good

A worldwide covenant of peace.

Was it in vain that Jesus lived and died?

Is "Prince of Peace"a name but to deride?

"Love for our fellow men,"but empty words?

Shall implements of peace be changed to swords?

Almighty God, forbid!

God of the nations, Thou art waiting yet, 'Though in their madness men Thy name forget,

Waiting, thro'this fierce travail, for the birth

Of worldwide peace to reign o'er all the earth,

So out of evil shall the good be born

Effie Stewart Dart.

SPANISH FORK, UTAH, 1915 Speck's Faith

BY H. R. MERRILL

Speck Jones shoved his hands deep down into his pockets and a wistful look came into his lightblue eyes as he watched the "crack"Wyomingball team, in their new, blue suits, pass into the ball park. Speck was an ardent lover of the national game, and

knew it from Ty Cobb to Christy Mathewson; but Speck was

'"broke"as usual. He was too honest to sneak in, as some of his

less scrupulous playmates had done; nevertheless, Speck was hoping with all his heart that some good fairy would invite him to

enter the Elysian Fields where the gods and heroes of baseball would know nothing but pleasure.

After the Wyomingboys had passed in, Speck's face lost some of the joy that the sight of the new blue suits had lent it for a moment. His hands sank deeper into his pockets as his

eyes roved along the high board fence and finally paused where he had seen the last of his companions disappear through an aperture made by the removal of a loose board just behind the grandstand. The temptation was strong. His companions were

all in his own Sunday school class. They had gone in and were

evidently safe; then why shouldn't he? At that critical moment

just one thing held Speck. He couldn't help but wonder what

his Sunday school teacher would say.

His Sunday school teacher was a sort of supreme being to'

Speck. He was a tall, sinewy fellow who loved the entire human

race just because he couldn't help but love them; and so in loving

the human race he had loved Speck, and had taken a special interest in teaching the little chap many things that are good for boys to know. He had taught the boy that honor and honesty are

above price. He had not done this in a preachy, Sundayschool

in fact,fashion; but in a plain, boyish, heartto-heart way—a way,

that held the little worshipper sorrowfully at the gate while all his companions were cheering the cowboys, as the Wyoming team was called, as they ran out on to the diamond and began passing the ball around in a marvelous manner.

Besides all of these things there was just one other attribute that the Sunday school teacher possessed that raised him above mere mortal clay in the boy's eyes. The teacher was a baseball

pitcher of no mean ability. Speck had watched him upon many

occasions bring defeat to his opponents. That was one of the

reasons, too, whv Speck was downhearted. His teacher was to

346 IMPROVEMENT ERA

pitch the game against those brilliant cowboys. He just couldn't

keep the lump out of his throat no matter how hard he tried, as he stood there by the entrance to the park and watched the eager fans pass through the wonderful gate. When some boy chum

would pass with his father and would call out: "Why don't you

come in, Speck?"Speck would smile, but invariably he would

have to swallow before he could make a sturdy and careless reply.

At last the home team came. As they marched along carrying their baseball outfit, Speck thought that even soldiers could

not compare with them. They were laughing and chatting as

they came along just as if a great battle were not soon to break over them. Speck's heart beat just a little faster as he saw his

teacher approaching, and when the tall young fellow glanced over in his direction and called out in a cheery voice: "Hello, Danny,

couldn't miss the game, eh?"Speck just couldn't speak for joy

until the team had vanished behind the entrance gate.

Speck stood for a moment watching the frowning gate that smiled its broadest smile upon all who had a quarter; and boy

though he was, he learned one valuable lesson. His lips set and

his jaw protruded a little as he turned away. A great determination was manifest in his face. He crossed the sidewalk and was

about to dart in among the waiting vehicles when he was stopped by a hearty voice: "Hey, Speck, where are you going?"

Speck turned, and to his delight saw that it was the captain of the home team who was speaking to him.

"I was just going home,"he answered.

"What for?"

"To see if mother would lend me a quarter for this game."

"Why borrow it? Wouldn't she give you one?"

"I wouldn't take it. Mr. Reid said that boys shouldn't ask

their parents for quarters just to go to ball games, especially when their parents were poor."

The captain smiled a broad, slow smile.

"Would you like to see the game?"

"You bet I would."

"Then come along. I was just looking for a lad about your

size to attend to the bats, when I saw you."

"It wasn't necessary to extend the invitation twice. Speck

followed close at the captain's heels as they threaded their way through the crowd to the home bench where the local men were awaiting their turn to warm up on the diamond. The captain

placed the bats where they would be handy for his players.

"Now, Speck, your job will be to keep these bats here. Whenever a man gets through batting, you grab his bat and place it here

where he can find it when he wants to use it again and where it will be out of the way of the players."

"All right,"Speck answered in a subdued voice.

SPECK'S FAITH 347 He felt that in one moment he had had placed upon his shoulders more responsibility than had the President of the United

States.

All during the close and exciting struggle he guarded those bats as if each were made of pure gold. He could scarcely watch

the success of his batters, so intent was he upon keeping his trust to the fullest extent. When one of the home team connected with the ball for a long drive, his face would fairly gleam

with delight; or when one of them fanned the wind no batter

could feel more chagrined and sorrowful than did the little guard.

He watched the prowess of his beloved pitcher all through the long game. Although several times the cowboys took the lead,

there was one heart that never wavered; at least one person's

faith that never shook. He was certain that when the final score

was counted that his teacher would be the hero of the game.

When, however, in the ninth inning the locals stood but one tally in the lead, and there were crowded bases with no one out, even his face fell. The visiting team stirred up all the excitement they

possibly could in order that they might excite the pitcher, who stood out in the center of the field, the one man upon whom the game depended.

Speck sat quietly on his bats, watching with eagle eye the deliberate and easy movement of his idol. The smile had vanished from the little fellow's face and in its place was a half

anxious look. His little heart kept hammering away, however,

its every beat a real but invisible support to the man who must keep cool. When the batter caught a fast one on the end of his

club and sent it whistling out over the first baseman's head, and when the baserunners came flying over the home plate, the little he saw that hisfellow half rose from his bats, his face pale—then

pitcher was smiling and unconcerned still. The umpire shouted,

"Foul!"The baserunners crept back to their places, and the

batsman returned dejectedly to his position in the batter's box.

Speck settled back on his bats with a sigh of relief as he watched the pitcher place the ball in his hand with unusual care then he saw the long, sinewy frame bend back and whip forward like a catapult. The ball struck the catcher's mit with a loud

whack as the umpire shouted, "Strike two."

The lad leaped to his feet and in his childish voice shouted, "Now you cowboys, hit 'em!"

A laugh greeted the lad's outburst.

"That's right. Speck, light in to 'em,"the captain called as the

umpire shouted, "Strike three, and the batter's out."

The batter took his seat bewailing the fact that his long hit was a foul. He was followed by two others in rapid succession.

tally. The gameThe side was retired without having made a

was won. 348 IMPROVEMENT ERA A cheer burst from the enthusiastic crowd, for the pitcher's ability to extricate himself from a very trying position had made him the hero of the day.

Speck gathered up the bats and turned them over to the captain. "There they are, sir,"he said, "I tried to do the best I could."

"You did well, my boy, the captain answered as he turned to the Wyominy boys who had come up and were congratulating him and his team upon their thrilling victory.

All shook hands enthusiastically with the long, lean pitcher who smiled quietly at their effusions. While the others were

rolling cigarettes he stood idly by waiting for his companions to get ready to leave. Unnoticed by the crowd, Speck hung near,

anxious to look unmolested upon his hero's face.

When all were ready to leave, the captain of the Wyoming team called out to the local team, "Now, boys, the treat's on us.

Come over to the saloon and we'll set 'em up. That was the best

and most levelheaded box work that I ever saw."

When they reached the sidewalk, the local pitcher turned quietly away from the crowd of men who were making for an enticing saloon on the opposite side of the street. When the

Wyoming boys noticed his action they stopped and called to him.

"Where are you going? Come, let's go over here and have a

drink before we go to the hotel."

"Why, I never drink,"the young man answered.

"Never drink? Come on, this once. You played a great

game and we want to show our appreciation."

Speck stood by unnoticed. He saw that his teacher was in

another trying position. What would his teacher do? The expression on his face was very similar to the one that was on it

during that ninth trying inning. Though the boy was troubled

keptand puzzled somewhat, his little heart still beat true—still

pounding out softly, "Whatever my teacher does will be right."

He waited anxiously for his teacher's next words. Words that

meant so much to at least two individuals.

"Thank you, sir,"the pitcher answered as he swung his favorite bat over his shoulder, "I never drink. Good luck to you,

anyway.""I am sorry,"was all the Wyoming man said as he turned to join his companions.

As his teacher turned away and started up the street alone, the anxious lad with light heart and a beaming face sped in the opposite direction to his home. Bursting into the room where

his mother was at work, he cried with a breaking voice and tearwet eyes, "I knew he wouldn't do it; I just knew he wouldn't

do it!""Do what?"the astonished mother asked.

SPECK'S FAITH 349 "They asked my Sunday school teacher to take a drink with

I knew he wouldn't do it!"them, and he wouldn't—

He threw his arms around his mother's neck in his ecstasy and as she pressed the working, freckled face to her mother's bosom she fervently thanked God that he had given her boy a teacher who had been true to his trust; for she felt that that one

deed would root deep in the tender soul and would be as a tower of strength in time of need.

PRESTON, IDAHO

The Choice

One thirsted to be great, to sup with Fame,

To hold within her hand the torch aflame,

That lights the world with its potential ray,

And gleams along the gods'immortal way.

One longed for love, and but for love to serve,

For fortitude that she might never swerve

From her high task, but ever true remain

Unto the joy so near akin to pain.

The years, in turn, sped on to form the past;

Each suppliant steadfast stood unto the last,

Soulscarred with wounds that are but ever won

By work achieved, by labor nobly done.

Yet, on the face of one, a shadow lay,

As oft there flits athwart the summer day

A tiny cloud that hides away the shine

Of heaven's blue from us a little time.

But she who longed for love and all love brings,

Who gathered of her sweet through smart of stings,

Turned homeward with a countenance serene,

And step majestic of a conquering queen.

Grace Ingles Frost.

Traveling Over Forgotten Trails

BY HON. ANTHONY W. IVINS

The Pioneer Trail, from the Wyoming border to the Salt

Lake Valley, will never be forgotten. Each year people travel it,

and say, "Over this trail passed the men who laid the foundation of a western empire. Here they struggled up the mountain; here,

crossed the stream; here they cut away the trees and removed

the rocks to make possible passage through the canyon, and on this spot they established camp after a weary day's journey."

Other trails, trodden by the feet of men and women as devoted as those who first entered the Salt Lake Valley, are forgotten. No monuments will ever be built to mark their course. The

trails are obliterated. The men who made them have passed

away. Lest the children forget the sacrifices of the fathers, come

and travel with me over some of these forgotten trails.

Since the events here chronicled took place, more than fifty years ago, conditions, social, religious, political and industrial, have so changed that if met by the younger generation of today, they would be scarcely recognizable. Journeys made by mule and

ox trains, which required months to accomplish, are now made in a day. The conveniences and comforts of homelife were

meager, compared with the present. Communication between settlements was difficult and slow, agricultural, industrial and commercial pursuits were prosecuted unler the most disadvantageous

circumstances; and, worst of all, the pioneers who blazed the way

and established outlying settlements were constantly exposed to the danger of attack by roving bands of Indians who opposed the invasion of. their country by white men.

Eternal vigilance was the price of safety, constant industry and rigid economy the price of substance.

In the fall of 1861, the writer passed his ninth birthday. He

resided, at the time, with his parents, in the Fifteenth Ward, Salt

Lake City. On the same block lived John M. Moody and family,

consisting of his wife, Margaret, and her children, Robert, Samuel, William and Mary, the three first being the sons of a former husband whose name was Mclntire. They had identified themselves with the Church in Texas; and, like many others, had gathered to Utah to participate in its activities, and share its destinies.

James M. Whitmore and family were also Texas people who

had gathered with the Church, and were friends and neighbors of the Moodys. They were people of refinement, and had brought

TRAVELING OVER FORGOTTEN TRAILS 351 with them to the Valley property which, b> comparison at that time, entitled them to be regarded as possessed of wealth.

One afternoon in October, 1861, the writer was at the home of John M. Moody, playing with other children, when a messenger

came with the announcement that the

Moody family had been called by the presiding authorities of the Church, to go to Dixie to raise cotton and develop the resources of that part of the territory. Frightened by the thought

of such a move, he ran through Hie block to the home of his parents, and bursting into the house exclaimed to his mother and sister, who were in the room, "Brother Moody is called to go to

Dixie.""So are we,"said his sister, between sobs.

His mother said nothing, but tears filled her eyes as she thought of leaving a good home and comfortable surroundings, and of facing the hardships TSENAH-GAHT, (THE and dangers of frontier life, in the MOUNTAIN SHEEP) barren country known as Utah's Dixie. The young Pahute who

Several hundred families had refused to surrender to been so called to go upon this mission. Federal Officers when accused of killing a Mexican

It was the manner in which the affairs Sheep Herder, and whose of the Church were conducted, at that resistance almost resulted of the forgotten trails. in an Indian war in Santime—one

Some offered excuses. Some were Juan county.

too poor to go, some were too rich. Some would.send substitutes, but the great majority, with that devotion which has characterized the members of the Church from the beginning, silently

but resolutely made preparations for the accomplishment of the task assigned them.

Valuable homes were disposed of for but a small part of their real value. Farms were exchanged for teams or live stock

which could be driven through to their destination; and the

late fall and early winter of 1861 found hundreds of teams on the rough and dreary road to the South, among them the families of John M. Moody and James M. Whitmore.

The road from Salt Lake to the Rio Virgin passed through the country of the Ute, or Utah Indians, a powerful tribe whose territory was bounded on the north by the Shoshones and Cheyennes; on the east by the Cheyennes, Arrapahos and Comanches

the west by the Pahutes, who occupied a strip of country lying 352 IMPROVEMENT ERA

between the Kio Virgin, Santa Clara, and Colorado rivers, extending- as far east as the San Juan, and separatingthe Utes proper from the Navajos, Apaches, and Moquis, on the south. |

While Wahker, Arapeen, Black Hawk and Kanosh were recognized, each in his time, as chief of the Utes, the Pahutes, in the south, were broken up into fragmentary bands, each with its own chief, but recognizing no general leadership. The Moapas,

occupying the Muddy Valley and lower Rio Virgin, were led by Tosho; the Tonaquint and Parusche Indians, on the Santa

Clara and Upper Virgin, by Tutse-gavit; the Kaibab (Mountain

A NAVAJO INDIAN AND HIS PAHUTE WIFE

This photograph disposes of the oft repeated statement that other tribes never intermarry with the Pahutes

That Lies Down) Indians, by the father of Kanab Frank, whose name the writer has forgotten, while a branch of this same tribe, which extended to the San Juan river, and across the Colorado to the borders of the Navajos, was led by the renegade Ute Pahnish, a bad man, who was responsible for a great part of the trouble which later developed between the settlers of Southern

Utah and the Navajos and their Pahute neighbors.

In an article published by one of the Salt Lake dailies at the time of the recent uprising of the Indians in San Juan County, which resulted from the attempt to arrest Tsenah-gaht (The

Mountain Sheep), who was accused of the murder of a Mexican, it was stated that the word Pahute meant renegade, and that it

TRAVELING OVER FORGOTTEN TRAILS 353

had been applied to the tribe occupying the country between the

Utes and Navajos, because of their bad character. The Indians

themselves say this is not the case. All they know is that it is

the name by which they have always been known, and is applied to all of their people. Pah,

in the Indian language, is water, and is frequently used by them in the names applied to places and things, for example: Pahra-gon, the Indian word for Parowan,

means a lake or long body of shallow water, the Little Salt

Lake. We have Anglicised it,

and call it Parowan, while we apply the Indian word, Pahra-gon, to Paragoona which, in the Indian tongue, is Uncoppa, or Red—Red Creek;

Pahrusche, Water That Tastes of Salt, (the Rio Virgin); Pahreah, Elk Water;

Pahrah-shont, Much Water Pahcoon, Water Which Keeps Boiling Up. Following

this rule, Pahute would be Water Ute, or the Utes living along the rivers which constituted the southern boundaries of the tribe.

These Pahutes intermar- A TYPICAL NAVAJO WARRIOR ried with the tribes adjacent to them until they became a kind Note the difference in the intelleche f

J, tof. mongrel,,race,', recognized&, Pahute,a,htyt of woman,hls face orand Tsenah-ghat*hat

neither by the Utes on the (The Mountain Sheep) north, or the Navajos and Apaches on the south. They were greatly inferior to their neighbors in intelligence, as the photographs here reproduced will

show. Tsenah-gaht (The Mountain Sheep) is a typical Pahute,

as is the Pahute woman shown with her Navajo husband. Note

the difference between the intellectuality of these faces and that of the Navajo husband, and the other here shown. The man and

wife disposes of the oft repeated statement that other tribes will not intermarry with the Pahutes.

The trail of the Dixie pioneers passed, as stated, through the country of the Utes, and into the country of the Pahutes. While

peaceful relations existed between the whites and Indians at this 354 IMPROVEMENT ERA

time, the latter were jealous and suspicious, and it was only by careful diplomacy, and following the wise course outlined by

Brigham Young-, that it was cheaper to feed than to fight them, that peaceful relations MI were maintained.

The Whitmore and Moody families, with others, located at St. George, and immediately applied

their means and energy to the development of the resources of the country.

In order to provide grazing facilities for his herds of cattle, bands of horses and flocks of sheep, which were noted for their excellent quality, James M. Whitmore

located and improved the Pipe Springs ranch, which lies about fiftyfive miles east from St. George,

and twenty miles west from Kanab. At JAMES M. WHITMOREthis ranch, Whitmore

passed a portion of Killed at Pipe Springs, Arizona, by Pahute and Navajo Indians, on the 8th of January,his time, and had em1866 ployed Robert Mclntire to assist him in caring for his flocks and herds.

One evening, about the 10th of January, 1866, the people of

St. George were gathered at the Social Hall, where a party was

to be given. The Whitmore and Moody families were there, with

the exception of the head of the former and Robert Mclntire, who were at the ranch. The cotillions had been formed, the musicians

were tuning their instruments, the people were in a happy mood, when they were unexpectedly called to order. What had

occurred to mar the pleasure of the occasion? The writer well

remembers the deathlike silence which ensued, the suppressed excitement, and deep apprehension manifested by the merrymakers. The manager announced that a messenger had just arrived with despatches stating that a traveler, passing Pipe

Springs, had observed that there was no one at the ranch house,

TRAVELING OVER FORGOTTEN TRAILS 355

and that signs indicating the recent presence of Indians were plainly visible.

A call was made for men, armed and equipped, to start at once for Pipe Springs. Silently, hurriedly, the people went to

their homes. The remainder of the night was spent in preparation, and the following morning a company of sixty men, a part

of the local militia,- was ready to start on one of the most trying expeditions ever undertaken by men. They were armed and

mounted, that was indispensable, but there were no sheltertents.

The equipment was primitive and inadequate, the commissary scanty. At least one man now living, sat the time a mere boy, was

mounted on a mule without a saddle, and had no coat. With a

few quilts which served as saddle, cloak and bed, in his shirt sleeves, he did a soldier's full duty on the trying campaign.

THE PIPE SPRINGS RANCH AS IT APPEARS TODAY

After the killing of James M. Whitmore and Robert Mclntire, as

related in this article, a strong stone building was erected there by order of Brigham Young, which was called Winsor Castle.

As stated, the expedition was made up of a part of the local militia, and was commanded by Colonel Daniel D. McArthur,

Lieutenant Colonel Angus M. Cannon, Major John D. L. Pierce,

and Captains James Andrus and David H. Cannon. Of these men

David H. Cannon is the only survivor.

The weather was intensely cold. Snow had fallen, and on

the high plateau, at Pipe Springs, it was three feet deep, with the; no trace mercury below zero. When Pipe Springs was reached

356 IMPROVEMENT ERA

could be found of either the ranchers or Indians. Tracks and

signs which ordinarily guide the scout were obliterated by the heavy fall of snow. Finally, after several days of scouting, James

Andrus found two Indians, ah elderly man and a boy, engaged in dressing"a beef which they had killed, and brought them to camp.

They refused to talk until the following morning, when they admitted that Whitmore and Mclntire had been shot by Navajo and Pahute Indians, and offered to conduct the soldiers to the place where the bodies were, and to the camp of the hostiles.

Dividing into two companies, one under command of Colonel

McArthur, and the other under command of Captain Andrus, the troops left camp, the older Indian leading Colonel McArthur out on the plain, east of Pipe Springs, the boy leading Captain Andrus in a southerly direction to the vicinity of the Kanab Gulch. Captain Andrus encountered the hostiles in their camp, and nine Indians were killed. While the cavalry rode over the plain, searching for the murdered men, a horse's hoof brushed away the snow

exposing the hand of a man. It was the body of Whitmore

"Is it the man with a beard, or the one without,"asked the

Indian. "The one with a beard,"was the answer.

The Indian walked some distance and, pointing, said, "The other is there."

The snow was removed, and the body of Mclntire found, as stated. Each man had been shot with both bullets and arrows,

the body of Mclntire having received many wounds, the Indian said, because he had carried a pistol, and had fought desperately for his life.

The remains of the two men were packed in snow and taken to St. George, where impressive funeral services were held.

The details of the tragedy were never known. The Indians

admitted that they had attacked the men while they were riding on the range, and had killed them after a short fight. A large

number of horses and sheep were driven off by the Navajos, the

Pahutes retaining the personal effects of the murdered men. It

was the first depredation in the Dixie country in which white men lost their lives, but they were not the last victims of the long war waged by the Navajos and Pahutes against the white settlers of southern Utah.

James M. Whitmore was the father of Hon. George C.

Whitmore of Nephi, James M. Whitmore of Price, and Brigham

Whitmore of Davis county; and Robert Mclntire was the elder

brother of our fellow townsmen Samuel and William Mclntire.

The Lights Go Out

The close of the PanamaPacific International Exposition, in

San Francisco, on December 4, was characterized by a splendid program. It appears that 459,022 people attended during the last

day ending midnight, December 4, and that during the season in which the exposition was open, namely, 288 days, a little over 65,000 people on an average attended the exposition daily, making a grand total of 18,876,438. A beautiful brochure was issued

by the management commemorating the close of the exposition, entitled, "The Lights Go Out; the Last Day and Night."In it is

found the following beautiful poem by George Sterling, entitled.

THE BUILDERS

The Year grows old, but Progress has no age:

Her flags go forward to increasing light;

Behind her lies the night;

It is a ceaseless war her soldiers wage,

And on her great and everwidening sky, "Onward!"is still the truceless battlecry.

The Future is our kingdom, and although

Our hands unbuild the city they have built.

Yet here no blood is spilt, Nor swords uplifted for a nation's woe,.

And though the columns and the temples pasr,

Let none regret; let no man cry "Alas!"

We do but cross a threshold into day.

Beauty we leave behind, A deeper beauty on our path to find

And higher glories to illume the way.

The door we close behind us is the Past;

Our sons shall find a fairer door at last.

A world reborn awaits us. Years to come

Shall know its grace and ood, When wars shall end in endless brotherhood.

And birds shall build in cannon long since dumb.

Men shall have peace, though then no man may know

Who built this sunset city long ago.

Wherefore, be glad! Sublimer walls shall rise.

Which these do but foretell.

Be glad indeed! for we have builded well,

And set a star upon our western skies

Whose fire shall greaten on a land made free,

Till all that land be bright from sea to sea!

—George Sterling

Winter Evening at Home Who has not seen that wholesome grin that steals o'er Daddy's face, on settling down some winter night before the fireplace? His shoes aside, his slippers on, with

lounging jacket, too, for relaxation he's prepared, the evening through and through. The office whirl forsaken

is, contentment fills his eye, as in the great chair he reclines and draws the "kiddies"nigh. "Well, Ross,"says

lie, "how are you, son? you love your Daddy true? and

here is baby, angel dear, with eyes of deepest blue; and

here is Maggie, dandy girl, this morn you frowned at me, and would not give the goodbye kiss, nor sit upon; but now I see you're glad again and thinkmy knee

your Had all right. How Daddy loves his darling "kids"

on this cold winter night! Let's put some more coal on

the fire; Ted, you please bring it here, while I take baby

on my lap and whisper in her ear; and then we'll have a

big, bright fire for Mama when she's through, out in the kitchen, with the work, and comes to join us, too; and

bring along your sister Ruth, who in her kitchen blouse

has helped to do the supper work and tidy up the house.

Oh, dear, sweet Mama, without you, the scene how incomplete! We'll fix the cushions for her in the cozy

leather seat, where she can lie and watch the flames as up and clown they play, and rest her tired feet and brain throw off the cares of day. Good! Here she comes

we're ready now, once more we're all together; our pleasure made"the greater still, because of blusterous weather.

Thus, circling close together, with the firelight all aglow, and the mantel clock a-ticking, and the sound of drifting snow, Papa talks to anxious listeners 'bout the things he's streetcar struck an auto and aheard up town—how a

robber was run down; and all the "kiddies"listen, with a

sort of fright or shock, when Mama shifts the subject to the style of Helen's frock; and how that, just as she had

planned a big day's work to do, Aunt Sarah came to make a call, and stayed an hour or two. "Yet still,"says she, "I

got lots done, although there seems no end to all the things that one must fix and make and patch and mend;

but 'spite of this, how grand it is that we are safe and well, and have this cheerful little home in which we snugly dwell; where all is love, where all is peace, where nights

and days ar warm, and where we're blessed with food and clothes, and sheltered from the storm."Then Papa

aniens all of this, and says, "The Lord is kind; it is the

duty of us all his word and will to mind."The goodnight-stories two times told, the evening prayers all said,

reluctant glances here and there, the small tots hie to bed.

The larger ones their lessons get, in French and fractions hard, while Papa reads to Mama from the volume of some bard.

Waldo forest dale, utah Editors'Table

On the Use of Tobacco

A correspondent in Provo desires to know and enquires in writingof President Smith, concerning ordination to the holy

Priesthood of persons who are addicted to the use of drink, and tobacco, and who profane the name of Deity. "I contend,"says

the correspondent, "that we never can be perfect so long as we place the stamp of approval on such conduct and recommend such characters as being worthy of the Priesthood. What can we expect of the young boys with such examples before them all the

time? Am I right or am I wrong? I positively object to anyone

sitting down in my house smoking. It is all I can do to stand the

smell of their clothes. For this stand which I have taken, I am

severely condemned by many of my friends. I am called a crank

01 a tool. I have much charity for nonmembers of our Church

who haven't been taught better, but very little for Church members who indulge in such habits. I heard President George H.

Brimhall, in devotional exercises at the Brigham Young University, quote you as saying that you did not allow any such thing in your homes, and that you did not want the Church members who use tobacco, and have been taught differently all their lives, to ever recognize you on the street. I have used this statement

many times in my own defense, but I cannot make people believe \< 11 ever made such a statement. With respect to these things, am

I right or am I wrong? * * * * * Hoping you will reply

at once, I remain, very respectfully—C. Elmo Cluff."

Answering this request, President Joseph F. Smith used the

following strong language in a letter which the Era is permitted to quote, which ought to set at rest any doubts as to his stand upon the subject. His statement is worthy of being read to the

Priesthood in every part of the Church:

"Your views, as expressed in your letter, are entirely in accord with my own views, with reference to the use of, and the users of, tobacco. What Brother Brimhall has said regarding my

remarks on that question, T believe to be entirely correct.

"Young men or middleaged men who have had experience in the Church should not be ordained to the Priesthood nor recommended to the privileges of the House of the Lord, unless they will abstain from the use of tobacco and intoxicating drinks.

This is the rule of the Church, and should be observed by all its members. I would not, without positive objection, suffer any

EDITORS'TABLE 361

person to smoke tobacco in my homes. I have always made it a

practice not to recognize or bow respectfully to cigars or stinkingpipes in the mouths of men, when I meet them on the street or elsewhere; it is sufficiently humiliating to me to see men, supposed

to be intelligent beings, addicted to the filthy habit of smoking cigars, cigarettes or pipes with tobacco in them.

"Any person claiming a membership in the Church who will persist in the practice of profaning the name of Deity ought to be dealt with for his membership in the Church. No such person

has any right to be endowed with authority in the Priesthood, nor to receive the blessings of the House of the Lord.

"If this is not sufficiently strong to convince your friends that

I am averse to these contemptible practices, you can let me know and I will try to emphasize it still more.

"Yours very respectfully, "Joseph F. Smith/'

No More Cigarette Advertisements

The Curtis Publishing Co., of Independence Square, Philadelphia, one of the largest publishing houses in the United States,

and the publishers of the Ladies'Home Journal, the Saturday bythe-by, theseEvening Post and the Country Gentleman,—and,

magazines have a circulation of about eight thousand in Salt Lake letter to Dr. John H. Taylor, M. I. ACity,—have recently sent a

Scout Commissioner, which we take pleasure in reproducing, as follows:

"Dear Sirs With the exception of a few advertisements heretofore accepted, and which we are under obligations to print, no cigarette advertisements will hereafter appear in any of our publications.

"Not only will we exclude cigarette advertisements, but after

January 1, 1916, except in one advertisement previously contracted for, all reference to cigarette uses will be excluded from tobacco advertisements in our publications.

"In spite of the fact that this policy will result in a reduction of several hundred thousand dollars in our annual advertising receipts, we believe we have taken the right course in this matter.

"For the reason that several men connected with your organization have made inquiries about our advertising policy, we believe that yon, too, may be interested in this announcement.

"Yours very truly, "The Curtis Publishing Co.

"M. E. Douglas,

"Mgr. Sales Division."

this announcement, We take great pleasure in making public and we only wish that the Curtis Publishing Company could have seen their way clear to exclude all tobacco advertisements from 362 IMPROVEMENT ERA their publications, as they have clone the cigarette. We can only

add that we wish all the publications of the states of Utah and

Idaho, and, in fact, of all the states, would follow the good example of the Curtis Publishing Co. Not only the publications,

but we wish the dealers, particularly those who are members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints whose principles are against the use of tobacco, would be as selfsacrificing as the

Curtis Publishing Company; and, notwithstanding it might result

in the loss to them of a few hundred thousand dollars, more or less, in their annual incomes, that they would be still willing to stand for principle, and make an announcement stating that hereafter no tobacco of any kind will be sold by them. The old objection: "If we don't sell it, somebody else will, and we will lose

the money,"is illigitimate and a miserable subterfuge. It savors

of the "hogitch for money."

Thoughts in Brief

galling of their One does not often envy millionaires—the

recent excepgolden chains is too evident in their faces—but one

tion stands out. Three days before Christmas the Pittsburgh

Bank for Savings was closed by the state officials, and among its depositors were over 41,000 school children who had about four dollars apiece to their credit. The bank had had an arrangement

with the Board of Education by which collectors visited the schools every week and got the children's pennies. When the

bank closed, all the children had for their pains was the chance of a 50 per cent dividend some two months later. But Henry C.

Frick came forward that same day and said briefly that the kids were to have all their money at once. So the storm passed by

for those young depositors, and their faith in men was justified.

Mr. Frick has a stately and expansive house on Fifth Avenue

filled with works of art from many lands, but we doubt if there is anything in it more cheering to the soul than the memory of

!that abrupt kindness. Sometimes it pays to be a millionaire

Colliers.

Resolve to cultivate a cheerful spirit, a smiling countenance and a soothing voice. The sweet smile, the subdued speech, the

hopeful mind, are earth's most potent conquerors, and he who cultivates them becomes a very master among men. Elbert

Hubbard.

"The world reserves its big prizes for but one thing, and that is Initiative. Initiative is doing the right thing without being

EDITORS'TABLE 363

told. Next to doing the thing without being told, is to do it whenyou are told once.—Elbert Hubbard.

"I do not doubt that interiors have their exinteriors—and

teriors have their exteriors, and that the eyesight has another eyesight, and the hearing another hearing, and the voice another voice."Walt Whitman.

Stories Wanted

There were nineteen stories submitted to the editors of the

Era for the January 5 contest. These are being read, and three

out of the lot are being selected by competent judges, for which the Era will pay $25 for the best, $12.50 for the second best, and

$5 for the third best. We wish stories for five more contests

February 5, March 5, April 5, May 5, and June 5. The prices paid

are the same as for January. Send in your stories.

Messages from the Missions

Visit after Thirteen Years

Elders Avard Washburn and James Baron, Chattanooga, Tenn.,

November 10, write expressing their thanks to the Lord for the wonderful progress experienced in 'the East Tennessee conference:

"Seveal baptisms were reported last month. The elders recently

returned from a ten days'trip through James, Meigo and London counties, being the first'elders to visit that part of the country for over thirteen years.

To some extent the old spirit of prejudice exists, but'the people are rapidly laying it aside. We

distributed a goodly number of tracts and held a number of meetings. Several people expressed surprise at the plainness

and simplicity of the gospel as taught by the Latterday Saints.

We relied on the hospitality of the people for our daily necessities, and with few exceptions were kindly cared for and treated with respect."

364 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Why They Read the "Era"

Elder J. Garfield Bastow, president of the Savaii conference, Samoa, writes under date of July 20, 1915: "As elders we certainly appreciate the Era, and derive much benefit from reading the good instructions therein. Nearly all of the few white traders here read the

Era, and they say they enjoy reading it because it is a good, clean magazine. The people here take religion lightly. Just at present they

seem to worry a little more because of a famine. Their croo was destroyed by storm and worms. Truly the words of Jesus are coming

to pass, that there shall be wars, famines and tribulations. The picture is of the elders reading the mail from home."Elders, left to

right: H. A. Dean, Redmesa, Col.; C. M. Farrin (at back), Salt Lake

City; W. M. Mason. Riverton; J. G. Bastow, Logan, Utah.

Conference Gave New Impetus Howard McDonald, president of the West Pennsylvania conferences, writes that the Saints and'elders held a conference in Pittsburg,

November 21: "Many were in attendance. Three sessions were held,

every meeting being characterized by the spirit of love and harmony prevalent on such occasions. In such gatherings we feel as the poet

wrote: "'Now the heart is so full that a drop overfills it,

We are happy now because God so wills it.'

"President Walter P. Monson gave some excellent counsel, and

the elders have returned to their, fields with new energy for work in the gospel cause. Considerable persecution is experienced here, but

through the faithful efforts of the workers, the prejudice is gradually changed into friendship. Elders left to right, as follows: Back row.

E. Franklin Eardley, Salt Lake City; S. Albert Smith, Snowflake, Arizona; Elmo Hendrickson, Alberta, Canada; second row, Paul White

sides, Rexburg, Idaho; William- H. Wallace, Salt Lake City; Wesley

Haws, Logan; Spafford N. Daniels, Provo; J. Earl Felt, Ogden; third

EDITORS'TABLE 365

Robinson, Salt Lake W City; Arthur Maxwell, W.TKh Ri pi a Watson, (retiring conference president), Glendale;wWaltern'-SP. Monson, (mission president); Howard McDonald, (succeeding President Watson), Holliday, Utah; Norton Piatt, (president

North West Virginia Conference); front row, Anna Lott, (Northwest

Virginia Conference); Lona Ipsen, Plain City; Ella Gibbs, Rrigham

City; Lois Mickaelson, (Northwest Virginia Conference)."

Converted Through the M. I. A.

Hugh M. Larson, president, Melbourne, Australia, December 1

"The M. I. A. at Richmond and South Melbourne, Australia, is doing

a good work under the supervision of local elders and sisters. Many

investigators and friends visit our Mutual which is a means of helping the work of the Lord along. Lately five members have been

added to the fold by baptism, all of whom, for some time before their baptism, were active members of the M. I. A. The Era is a stimulant for spiritual development and we are glad to keep in touch with

the work of Zion, through its pages."

Students Render Good Support in Chicago

President F. B. Bowers, Chicago, Dec. 18, 1915: "The Chicago

conference is forging to the front each year, and this year is no exception to the rule. Three branches of the conference are as complete in organization as many of the wards in the stakes of Zion. A

couple of years ago two buildings were erected in this city that are a credit to the Church. The one, at Logan Square, cost approximately

$40,000; and the church at Roseland $6,000. At present a rented hall

is used for holding meetings in the University branch. A little over a

year ago the University branch had only a few members, but now 366 IMPROVEMENT ERA

they have an average attendance of about sixty at their Sunday services. Some of the students that are attending institutions of learning

render good support to the various branches by attending the meetings regularly. A splendid force of elders and lady missionaries arc

working hard to get their literature and Church works into the homes of the people. All have the real missionary spirit, and as an evidence, many friends and homes are always open to them for calls and

evening visits. Old time prejudice is gradually melting away, and the

minds of the people are being prepared to receive the gospel in greater number than ever before."

New Church in Alamosa, Colorado

About three years ago, Alamosa, Colorado, was transferred from the San Luis stake to the Western States mission, and it soon became apparent that a meeting place was desired and necessary for the Saints there who number about one hundred. The ground was contributed

by the members in that place, and the Trustee in Trust appropriated the balance necessary to complete the building. The total cost including ground, was, $2,250.00. The building was dedicated November

21, 1915, with Elder Orson F. Whitney, of the Council of Twelve and

Elder Rulon S. Wells of the First Council of Seventy, in attendance.

The dedicatory prayer was offered by Elder Whitney. The Church

occupies a corner in a good section of the city. John L. Herrick,

President of the Misssion.

A Fruitful Field Grover T. Bennett, Bristol, England, November 25: "This photograph of the elders of the Bristol conference was taken just prior to

the departure of three of our number. Their going leaves only seven

to carry on the work in this conference, which includes what was formerly comprised in the old Welch and Bristol conferences, a field that has been exceedingly fruitful in times past. Many searchers

after the truth are still found here, and we are making friends with

EDITORS'TABLE 367 the people many of whom, however, are indifferent to the religious spirit which is very pronounced in this part of the country, since the

beginning of the present great war. Elders, left to right: Earl Li.

Broadhead, Nephi; George R. Dent, Salt Lake City; Chauncey H.

Crittenden, Hoytsville; Vernon W. Dean, Salt Lake; Louis D. Boudrero, Logan; sitting: John G. Hancock, Ogden, Utah; Elmer B.

Edwards, Panaca, Nevada; Ernest M. Greenwood, conference presirdent, Elsinore, Utah; Grover T. Bennett, Shelley, Idaho; George A.

Palmer, Plain City, Utah."

Converting Themselves President J. L. Meyers, of Southern Indiana: "During the past

year a number of new branches have been established in this conference. Many local brethren have been promoted in the Priesthood

and set to work in their respective capacities. The wonderful improvement in the Sunday schools and Relief societies have had a

tendency to increase the interest and integrity of the Saints in doing all they can to bring their friends out to church. During the summer

months, the missionaries penetrated the rural districts with much profit. Schoolhouses and churches were opened to them for services.

In Brown Co., about fifteen miles from a railroad, they succeeded in

organizing a Sunday school of nonmembers. The members subscribed

the money, and supplied them with song books, minute and roll books and 'Juveniles.'They have an average attendance of about 50, and

expect them to convert themselves, although some elders are always present."Twentyfive Baptisms More Than Last Year

Boyd E. Lindsay, president of the East Kentucky conference of

the Southern States misssion: "The year 1915 has been a banner year

for us. The assiduous labor of twelve energetic young elders has

worked gratifying results. We have twentyfive baptisms in excess of

the number last year. Elders left to right standing: A. C. Adams,

Alberta, Canada; W. R. Stratton, Snowflake, Arizona; L. A. Martineau,

Cedar City, Utah; R. H. Rawson, Carey, Idaho; H. M. Blackhurst,

American Fork, Utah; T. E. Wardleigh, Ogden; A. E. Shumway,

Blanding, Utah; H. P. Hansen, Lake Side, Arizona; G. II. Bowler,

Gunlock, Utah; E. S. Lamb, Bine Water, New Mexico. Sitting, left

to right: Boyd C. Lindsay, Ogden, Conference President; Chas. A.

Callis, Mission President; R. B. Humphrey, Salina, Utah."

Large Attendance of Strangers President W. E. Clark, of West Iowa: "A few years ago the

missionaries in West Iowa Conference were threatened with mob violence. Today they are received and entertained by many of the

people with whom they are acquainted. Only a few years ago they

were looked upon with grave suspicion because the people failed to understand the principles as taught by the Latterday Saints, and which, if obeyed, would give them peace in this world and salvation in the world to come. In no instance have the missionaries, doing

country work this year, had to sleep out or go without a meal. Many

well attended meetings have been held in the smaller towns, and it is no uncommon thing to have 25 per cent of the population in attendance and as high as 90 per cent has been reached. The city work has

been confined to Council Bluffs. Sioux City, Des Moines, Boone and

Webster. Sunday schools have been organized in the first three cities

mentioned."

Anxious to Learn of "Mormonism"

President C. A. Jones, Michigan: "A very remarkable development is evident among the Saints who are strictly living the gospel.

This is noticeable in the organized branches where priesthood and responsibility have been placed. The Relief societies have done much

in the way of genealogical and charitable work. 'Mormon'literature

and books are being read as never before. It seems that people everywhere are anxious to learn about the truth of 'Mormonism.'"..

EDITORS'TABLE 369

"Mormon"Patriotism in Pudsey

Elder Verner O. Hewlett, Leeds, England, November 27th: "The

picture represents, Joseph F. Worthen, left; Verner O. Hewlett, Salt

Lake City, center; W. H. Hilliard, Smithfield, Utah, right. Many

friends are sincerely investigating the gospel. We have had the privilege of explaining 'Mormonism'to many people of Leeds and surrounding towns, by tracting and openair meetings, which have been

attended by large and attentive audiences. At times, however,

because of a few anti-'Mormon'leaders, the people have been aroused to ridicule, hoot, shower rocks at us, which of course, we relish best when it is over with.

Many of the men in the branches have been engulfed in the whirlpool of war, especially in the Pudsey branch. Following

is the opinion of the Pudsey News regarding 'Mormon'patriotism:

"'Patriotic Latterday Saints at Pudsey.—The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Pudsey

branch has, (writes a correspondent), a record of patriotism which will be hard to beat, as every man of military age, with the exception of those engaged in government and munition work has enlisted.

Whatever we may say about the socalled 'Mormons,'we must admit that they are certainly, 'very patriotic at Pudsey.'

"We are sorry to see the good men, most of them holding the

Priesthood, leave us and we regret greatly to lose their great help in the branch work. When we see the turmoil and strife about us,

we can realize the great need for true Christianity."

A Sunstone

Mary Smith Ellsworth, Chicago, forwarded to the Era this interesting picture of one of the twentyfour sunstones that once capped the pilasters of the Nauvoo temple, Illinois. This

stone is now set in the Historical Square, Quincy, Illinois. Reading from left to right

the Elders are: Herbert Halls, Mancos,

Colo.: Albert J. Jex,

Spanish Fork, Utah.

370 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Converted by reading the Book of Mormon

Grant M Romney, Waterloo, Iowa, December 15th: "Since our

conference in November the elders in East Iowa have added many friends to their lists and they have several baptisms in prospect. In

Waterloo a man and his wife read the Book of Mormon, and it converted them to the gospel as taught by the Latterday Saints, after three weeks of thorough study. In Rock Island one whole family

requested baptism, and the ice in the Mississippi did not hinder them

from doing God's will. Davenport, Cedar Rapids, Clinton and Lyons

report splendid progress. We pray that all conferences may flourish

as the East Iowa conference is doing. Elders East Iowa conference,

left to right, back row: D. D. Bushnell, Arnold Workman, Frank W.

Wayman, Elmo J. Call, Chas.. L. Cottrell. Middle row: Levi J. Anderson, E. J. Curtis, Conference President, Grant M. Romney; Mission

President, G. E. Ellsworth; retiring conference President, J. H. Larsen, Joseph Pyrah, M. G. Hansen. Front row: Chas. Nielson, L. Ray

Smith, Geo A. Waite, Clem Eyre."

The N. E. A. religiouseducational essay contest, in connection

with the PanamaPacific International Exposition, was won by Charles

E. Rugh, University of Berkley, California. Four others received

honorary mention; and five essays, with a synopsis of the points

brought out by the 1,381 various writers, from every state in the Union, except one, will soon be printed, so we are informed by Secretary

D. W. Springer of the Association.

For the year 1916, the Association is ready to offer a prize for an essay on "Thrift."Two contests will be conducted, one for children and one for adults. The former will be carried on in the schools

of the country. Each county superintendent will be asked to endeavor

to secure a contest in each school within the! county, outside of cities

of 4,000 population, and in the cities a similar contest under the city superintendent. The contest for adults will be managed from the

Superintendent's office of the N. E. A. from whom further instructions may be obtained. His address is Ann Arbor, Michigan.

Priesthood Quorums'Table

Suggestive Outlines for the Deacons by p. joseph jensen

Lesson 4 experiences of early church leaders and members

Problem: How may our patriarchal blessings help to make us

hopeful?

What is a patriarchal blessing? Who are patriarchs in your stake?

Who is the present general patriarch of the Church? Relate an incident in which you have learned of the fulfilment of a patriarchal blessing.

Study the lesson.

What authority did our heavenly Father give Hyrum Smith? Give

two or three illustrations of sealing of blessings. What were the

promises the Patriarch Joseph Smith, Sr., gave his son Hyrum? Show

the promises in the first blessing have so far been fulfilled. Learn from

last year's lesson book, "The Latterday Prophet,"when Joseph Smith,

Sr., died, and show that a promise in the last blessing was fulfilled.

What are the promises your patriarchal blessings make you? What

does our heavenly Father expect of us so that we may realize those promises? How may these promises make us hopeful? Answer the

problem of the lesson. (Note: If you have not received your patriarchal blessings, ask your parents to let you get them.)

Lesson 5 Problem: Hoy may we obtain a testimony that Joseph Smith, Jr.,

was a prophet of the Lord?

The word prophet, in the Greek language, meant "one who speaks for a god."We understand it to mean one who speaks for God. Then,

to have a testimony that Joseph Smith was a Prophet is one of our great privileges. Let us see how President Young obtained a testimony.

Study the lesson.

How long had President Young been a member of the Church?

What did he do that shows he believed Joseph to be a prophet? What

convinced President Young that Joseph Smith was a prophet of God?

Relate some prophecies that Joseph Smith made that were fulfilled.

Relate some experiences you have had which have strengthened your testimony. What did you receive through the elders of your ward,

in your tesafter your baptism? How may the Holy Ghost help you

timony?

Answer the problem of the lesson.

Lesson 6 Problem: How may we strengthen ourselves to defend the servants of the Lord and his cause?

Have you ever been made fun of because you are a Mormon.''

Have you ever been made fun of because you did what was right?

Study the lesson... What was the cause of the trouble, at this time, in Kirtland? What

did some try to do with the Prophet? What did Bngham Young do? How didOn whom did he rely for courage to defend the Prophet?

President Young help him?

Answer the problem of the lesson.

Mutual Work

Social t Work

Music for Dances

The following lists of waltzes and twosteps have been recommended by Prof. Sweeten, of the Odeon Dancing Academy. They may be

obtained for orchestra use through local music dealers or by sending direct to the publisher. He also recommends two orchestra albums:

"Sousa March Folio"(Carl Fisher edition), and "Hall March Folio''easy to play ( Carl Fisher edition). These may be had of Carl

Fisher, Cooper Square, New York; small orchestra and piano, incl.

cello, net $3.25; full orchestra and piano, net $4.50; extra piano 50

cents, any other parts 30c each.

WALTZES

Name Author Publish:r

Les Sirenes Waltz Waldtenfel Fisher

Die Hydropaten Gungl Fisher Souvenir De BadenBaden Bousquet Fisher

Krolls Ball Klarnge Lumbye Fisher

Auf Flugeln Der Nacht Faust Fisher

Blue Danube Waltz Strauss Fisher

In Florida J. Gernest Berge Co., N. Y.

Satanella Roberts Fisher Wiener Bluet Strauss Fisher Mon Reve Waltz Waldtenfel Fisher

Ange D'Amour Waldtenfel Fisher "A Toi Waltz to Thee"Waldtenfel Fisher

Barcarolle Waltz Roberts Fisher

Santiago Corbin Fisher La Berceuse Waldtenfel Fisher Dream on the Ocean Gungl Fisher

TWOSTEPS

The Dazzler Heed Fisher New Creation Braham Fisher Conclave Loserf Fisher Dreadnaught Loserf Fisher Frolicsome Frolics Meredith Fisher

Black Rock Losey Fisher Society Swing Frantzen Haviland, N. Y.

Miss Liberty Daly Daley Co., N. Y.

The King's Escort Losey Fisher Co.

Spic and Span Losey Fisher Co.

National Spirit Hager Fisher Co.

The Fascinator Scheid Fisher Co.

The High Flyer Heid Fisher Co.

The Observer Barnard Fisher Co.

The Ultimatum Allen Jocabs Fisher's address is Cocper Square. New York.

MUTUAL WORK 373

Stake Work

Questions for February

Stake superintendents are requested to report promptly to the

General Secretary, answers to the following questions by March 1st.

Let us have a report from every stake, this time, brethren:

1. What method did you adopt, aside from stake pennant contest, to get this season's reading course books read?

2. Name the subjects of the special lectures and the debates held

this season in your stake.

3. What plans are being considered in your stake for summer

work? 4. Name some Y. M. M. I. A. problem or problems that you wish

to have considered at the June general conference.

5. If you meet on Tuesday, what is your program for Feb. 29th?

6. What date have you set for your closing meeting? We suggest April 4th. (See Hand Book, "The Closing Meeting,"page 17.)

7. There is no provision for a program for Feb. 29. We suggest

that in wards where the fund collection has not been completed, that arrangements for completing the collection by entertainment be made that evening.

Two Answers In answer to the questions sent out by the Stake Work Committee for December, and which appeared in the Era for December, page 183, we have received many replies which have been a great help to the committee. We ask the officers of the associations throughout the

Church to read the questions in the Era, and then to read the following replies,—one from a stake which evidently needs considerable

work to place it upon a successful basis; and two others from stakes

which are in good condition. We request the officers of each stake to

ask themselves to which class they beyong, the first or the second:

FIRST CLASS

1. Our best method in promoting individual efficiency in class

work is by general discussion on class work and teaching in monthly meetings together with coooerative search for methods.

2. Last meeting was devoted almost entirely to vocational work

with the ward counselmen as our class leader committeeman was away. 3. We are endeavoring to follow the Hand Book instructions on

subjunior work.

4. All Board members are instructed to ascertain the exact number of manuals in circulation and we are informed that the associations have a good supply of them.

5. We have sent out definite instructions concerning the pennant

work and have mailed score blanks to all associations. The date of

M. I. A. Day has not been definitely decided but will be.

6. We are getting near the finishing point on the Era and Fund.

that you are not disapWe are going to make a big effort to see pointed on these matters.

1. Our best results in obtaining individual efficiency in class work

is secured by the teachers taking a particular interest in the welfare of the boys in the Junior class. That is, our best leaders become part

374 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the lives of their students. In the Senior class the only way to

secure individual preparation is to have the leader call upon the members who have assigned parts, sometime between the two meetings and talk over the lesson.

2. At our monthly officers'meeting held last month we did not

divide the Junior and Senior class leaders but we met conjointly.

3. We are not having a subjunior in our stake.

4. We have kept a perfect check on the distribution of manuals

in the wards, and are very successful in having the members bring them to class for each meeting.

5. We have a Stake M. I. A. Pennant, and the Contest Work is

going along nicely. The Reading Course is in every ward with the

possible exception of one.

6. Our stake officers meet once each week conjointly with the

Young Ladies and take up matters of mutual interest, and then separate for our special work and then reconvene and dismiss. Each

Sunday night our entire Board is visiting some ward.

SECOND CLASS

1. We have not been able to evolve any method at all.

2. We have not been able to get a representation of more than

one ward at any monthly meeting, hence was not able to do anything more than general instructions.

3. Have no subjunior classes; no subjunior members.

4. We have made no check of the distribution of the manuals.

We can get no response to our letters from any of the wards in our stake. 5. Have done only some preliminary work.

6. Have not completed the Era but are still working at it.

Athletics and Scout Work

The Danger Point

"A costly building in the course of erection is never left unsupervised.

"Any attempt to substitute poor and weak materials for those which the specification cal for is detected and frustrated.

"No intelligent farmer leaves the development of his orchard or his potato patch to chance. He guards them from the ravages of

worms and bugs, keeps the trees pruned and the weeds out of the vegetables.

"Only in the building of character do men take desperate chances.

"It is more difficult to keep an eye on a boy than on a building or a tree. Things happen faster with him. If he's a real boy something is happening in his vicinity every minute and his vicinity moves

as suddenly as that of a flea. Nevertheless he needs to be watched

not because he's bad but because he's absorbing impressions which mean either growth or decay.

"We will assume that he is safe while he is in bed. Now quit your

grinning. We all know that you used to poke your nickel novel under

your pillow when mother came up to see why the light was burning, and that the struggles of later years have made you wish a thousand times that somebody had yanked you out from under the comfortables

MUTUAL WORK 375

and held you under a cold shower bath every morning when you were due to rise and shine. We will assume that the boy is safe while he is

in bed, because he is at home where his parents can get at him.

"He is safe while he is at school. In the olden days we used to

be roasting eggs down at the "bear's den"sometimes when we were supposed to be in school, but modern methods of checking up attendance, and the price of eggs, have sort of discouraged these short vacations. (Not that we paid for the eggs, but the hen farmer can now

afford to keep somebody on the job.)

"He's safe while he is in church—that awful headache started by

the first tap of the bell on Sunday morning is sure to keep him

Qtlict "There is an awful leak somewhere through which a lot of perfectly good hours drop out and hit the dirt.

"Somebody's got to plug that hole so full of interesting work and play that every hour will be kept clean and contribute to the youngster's nourishment. He's bound to use them all.

"'His parents ought to look after him?'Certainly, but do they?

How about that commercial traveler, away on threemonths'trips?

How about the barber, in the shop till eight or nine at night? How

about almost every man? Could they, if they wanted to?

"The fact is that only about one man in a thousand can make one kid behave. Give him a dozen and he goes crazy. The ability to

handle a bunch of young savages is a clear and distinct call to service.

In the name of the Stars and Stripes we beg of you not to stick cotton in your ears.

"* * * * Yes, your family needs you—it sure does—but did

vou ever look at it in this way? Your sons and daughters must play

with somebody. They didn't think of 'Tshcabibble'all alone, nor those

other words that you washed out of their mouths with soap. In short,

the whole gang is going one way or the other and somebody's doing the steering. Better grab the wheel yourself before the fellow in the

chauffeur's seat gets so big that you can't throw him out.

"It all comes down to simply can't afford to drop that this—youtroop of scouts. It's too much work for one man and you need to

get some others into the game.

"Get your scouts reregistered, show them how to earn a uniform and do some things which will make them proud of themselves, keep them busy."

The above inspirational editorial appeared in a recent number of

Scouting. I pass it on, believing that a man can do no greater

service for his brother and his Church than to lead a "crowd"of boys to an appreciation of better things. The men of tomorrow are the

boys of today.

"Here's to the Apache of the street!.

Lawbreakers of today, lawmakers of tomorrow;

Ruilders of cities; kings and princes of America

My boy, your boy, everybody's boy,

God bless them all!"

Oscar A. Kirkham\

"A Good Turn"

The M. I. A. scout master at Fountain Green, Utah, submits the

1following incident which occurred with a member of the troop of No.

M. I. A. Boy Scouts. We take pleasure in publishing the incident as

it may possibly encourage others who are working in the same line to 376 IMPROVEMENT ERA

do "good turns."He lieads the incident "Conquering the Flames:"

"On Sunday, December 26, 1915, a group of young friends called on Harry Holman, age 14, of troop No. 1, and invited him to accompany them on a skating party. Harry, however, disregarded their

invitation, and remained at home and spent the afternoon with his mother. Later in the afternoon, as his mother glanced through the

window she was astounded at the threatening flames which were rapidly licking their way from the top of a burning buggy to the shed in which was stored some $1,200 worth of property. Harry rushed

from the house, seized the shafts of the buggy, and hurriedly rolled it from the shed, and was later able to control the flames by means of a water hose."

It seems to us there were two "good turns."It would be interesting to discuss which was the greater, and which will have the

richer effect on the character of the boy.

"Good Turns"

Scoutmaster D. D. Tebbs of Mt. Pleasant, Utah, gives the following account of a "good turn:""Sever?l boys did 'good turns'by chopping wood for the widows, and helping them out with work in a number of ways. One boy took it upon himself to milk one old lady's cow

every morning."

A DAY S CATCH

Fall River Meadows, on the Snake River, Idaho, Willard Johnson

Passing Events The national.presidential conventions will be held—the Republican, at Chicago, June 7; the Democratic, at St. Louis, June 14, 1916.

A new president of the republic of Switzerland was recently elected by the Swiss national assembly. His name is Camille Decoppet. The

vice president named was Edmond Schulthess.

Utah stands fourth in sugar production in the United States. Those

ahead in their order of precedence are California, Colorado and Michigan. A new factory has been decided on for Box Elder.

Utah spends 88.1% of her state taxes for educational purposes;

and 64% of all the state revenues—regular toxes, licenses, inheritance

taxes, and other miscellaneous income. These facts are given out by

the state auditor.

The Jex family held a reunion in Spanish Fork on January 1, 1916, in honor of the nineteenth anniversary of the birthday of Grandma

Jex. The reunion was attended by nearly four hundred relatives and

friends of the family.

C. W. Shores, a resident of Denver, was appointed chief of police

by Mayor Ferry Jan. 17, and confirmed by the commission. He succeeds B. F. Grant, who for several years past has given Salt Lake City

the cleanest police protection that it has had for many years.

William Waldorf Astor, a former wellknown American of great wealth was made a baron of England, on the first of January, presumably in return for contributions to the war fund. Two others who were

raised to the peerage were Lord Charles Beresford, and Sir Thomas

Shanghucssy the president of the Canadian Pacific railway.

British conscription has been decided upon by parliament. The

measure provides for a limited conscription. The bill was introduced

January 5, making military service obligatory on unmarried men and widowers without children, between the ages of eighteen and fortyone. The provisions of the bill do not apply to Ireland. It has been

announced that the Derby recruits number 2,829,263 men.

Mcntenegro sued AustrioHungary for peace on the 17th of January, and her request has been granted on the condition of unconditional laying down of arms as the basis for an opening of peace negotiations. The little country had all its lines of retreat for its little

armies cut off except into Albania where hostile tribesmen would have to be faced. The soldiers of the little nation fought valiantly but in

vain, so it now appears.

Lieut. Mervin S. Bennion, U. S. N., was promoted early in January to a lieutenancy in the Navy. He is a graduate of the Latterday

Saints University, class of 1908. His appointment to Annapolis was

received the same year. He is a son of Israel and Janette Bennion of

Vernon, Tooele County, and a nephew of Dean Milton Bennion of the 378 IMPROVEMENT ERA

University of Utah. His brother, Lieut. Howard Bennion, U. S. A.,

was assigned to an engineering corps and is stationed in the Philippines.

The total assessed valuation, in Utah, is $228,096,737, for 1915, an increase of about seven million dollars over the assessment of a year ago, according to a statement issued on the 2nd of November by Lincoln G. Kelly, state auditor. This includes the assessed valuation of all kinds of property in each 'of the twentyeight counties of

the state.

George M. Scott, the first Liberal party mayor of Salt Lake City,

elected in March, 1890, died November 19, at San Mateo, California.

Ten years ago he left Salt Lake City for Santa Barbara on account of ill health. He came to Salt Lake in 1869. He was born in New York

in 1835, and went to California, in 1852, by way of Panama. Coming

to Utah in 1869, he established the firm of ScottDunham Hardware

Company.

Elections for a new parliament in Greece were held December 19.

Eew if any of the followers of former premier Venizelos took part in the voting. A large majority of members of parliament returned

are supporters of Gounaris, the premier who carried into effect King

Constantine's determination to keep the Greek nation neutral instead of becoming an ally of the entente powers and Serbia. On the 18th

of January the entente powers practically gave an ultimatum to Greece, and the country may have to enter the war any day.

Statewide prohibition of the sale and manufacture of intoxicating liquor became effective in six states, December 31, at midnight. The

states are: Iowa, Colorado, Oregon, Washington, Arkansas and South

Carolina. The addition of these states brings the total of prohibition

states in the Union up to nineteen. By these states becoming dry over

three thousand saloons and a large number of breweries and wholesale liquor houses and distilleries were put out of business.

The commerce of the United States has grown by leaps and jrmps. The Department of Commerce at Washington, D. C, recently

reported the balance of trade in favor of the United States at nearly five hundred million dollars, or four dollars and thirtyfive cents per capita. The merchandise entering and shipped from New York is over

twentyeight million tons. Hamburg, the next largest shipping center

in the world, has twentysix million tons, and London eighteen millions. The largest ports of Russia, France and Italy combined is

twentyseven millions or one million less than New York.

Congress rt assembled on the 3rd of January. Among the important measures introduced, and there were hundreds of them, were the

rural credits bill, and a resolution for a contsitutional amendment enacting national prohibition. Mr. Fletcher was opposed by the Republicans as ambassador to Mexico, this being the first step of the Republican senators to attack the administration's Mexican policy in general.

In the House, General Sherwood, of Ohio, led an attack on the administration's proposed military and naval preparations. He declared that

they were unnecessary. Senator Gore introduced a bill to forbid vessels from carrying passengers and contraband of war at the same time.

Mrs. Mary Alice Woodruff McEwan, wife of William McEwan,

died at their home, on Friday, January 14, 1916, of blood poisoning.

She had been ill about four weeks. Sister McEwan was the mother

of ten children, a woman of great faith and integrity, and was highly

PASSING EVENTS 379

esteemed by a host of friends. She was a daughter of the late President Wilford Woodruff and Emma Smith, and was born in Salt Lake

City, thirtyeight years ago. Nearly six hundred people attended her

funeral services, in the Richards ward on Sunday following. Elders

George A. Smith and Heber J. Grant; President Frank Y. Taylor,

Bishops John M. Whitaker and J. A. Rockwood spoke on gospel

themes the hope of the resurrection, and gave eulogies of Sister

McEwan's character, vain.

A memorial to Major John Wesley Powell, pioneer and celebrated scientist, who first explored the Grand Canyon of the Colorado, has been erected by the Department of the Interior on the rim of the

Grand Canyon, in Arizona. It is an altar, decorated in Indian imagery,

supporting a bronze tablet resting upon a pyramidal base of roughhewn stone. Fifteen steps lead from the west up to the altar floor

from which the visitor may gaze into the very heart of the miledeep canyon. The memorial is located on Sentinel Point, the promontory

south of the railway station. The structure is said to be worthy alike

of the rugged, forceful personality of the man, and of the titanic and unparalleled chasm which it overlooks.,

The Fcrd Peace party was not received with as much warmth in the capital of Denmark as in the capital of Sweden. The Danish government declined to permit any public meetings to discuss the war,

either to promote or to end it. The party went from Copenhagen to

The Hague through northern Germany, by permission of the German government which provided a special train. On January 2, Mr. Ford

himself returned to New York, still hopeful of the success of his plan.

He announced that he was convinced, however, that it was not the militarists or munitions manufacturers of Europe who were to blame for the war, but that it was the people of Europe themselves. While that

may be true, the fact remains that it is principally the militarists and munition manufacturers who have trained the people to their belief.

John Oborn, a handcart veteran, and a son of Joseph and Maria

Stranding Oborn, died at Union, Utah, October 18, 1915. He was

born in Somersetshire, England, November 17, 1843, and came to Utah in 1856, with Captain James G. Willey's handcart company, arriving

here on the 9th of November, after suffering untold hardships incident to that memorable journey. His father died at Green River on the

way. He early worked in the Mill Creek canyon getting timber, and

was a carpenter on the Union Pacific railway when it was built through Echo canyon. He also aided much in hauling the granite

for the Salt Lake Temple from Little Cottonwood canyon. He was

the first postmaster south of Salt Lake City, in the county, and one of the first merchants in Union. For thirtyeight years he was clerk

of the ward. He was a man of sterling integrity.

Bishop Rufus Chester Allen, born in New York, October 22, 1827, died in St. George, Washington county, Tuesday, December 7, 1915.

He was baptized into the Church in 1837, and left Nauvoo for Utah in

Daniel Spencer's company, in the winter of 1846-7. He became a member of the Mormon Battalion, and after its discharge in California, in

1847, he came to Salt Lake, arriving in the fall of that year. For many

years, he was a pioneer engaged in transporting emigrants, and in building up the country north and south. In 1853 he settled in Ogden.

He filled several missions, and was president of the south Indian mission from 1854 to 1857. In 1862 he moved to Utah's Dixie, and later

settled at Kanarra. From 1886 to 1891 he labored in the St. George

380 IMPROVEMENT ERA

temple, and later settled in St. George, where he resided up to his

death. He was an honorable, upright man, an exemplary citizen, devoted to the Church, and died in full Faith of a glorious resurrection.

The "Persia,"a British passenger ship, with Americans on board, was sunk in the eastern Mediterranean by a submarine, December 30.

It is thought that an Austrian U boat was responsible for the action which was accomplished without warning. Nearly all the passengers,

including two Americans, numbering over three hundred with the crew, were lost. The two Americans were Charles Grant, who was

saved and arrived in Alexandria, and Robert MeNeeley, United States consul to Aden, who was lost. The loss of life was greater than that

of the "Ancona,"and was surpassed, since the beginning of the submarine campaign, only by the sinking of the "Lusitania,"last spring.

It would seem that Austria's apology for the "Ancona,"was a torpedo for the "Persia."

Elijah Nicholas Wilson, "Uncle Nick,"who, in 1910, published locally the volume entitled "Uncle Nick Among the Shoshones,"died in Wilson, Wyoming, in the Jackson Hole country, about December 28. His book gives a graphic and thrilling account of his earlyday

experiences. It appears that he was born in 1842, in Illinois, and

came to Utah in 1850. With his father and mother he settled in Tooele,

where from a young Indian companion he learned to speak the Shoshone Indian language. When twelve years of age he ran away from

home, being adopted by Chief Washakie. The boy lived for more than

two years with the Indians, and his book gives an account of his experiences during that time, in Wyoming and Montana. At the close of

two years Washakie was prevailed upon to let him return home, and

Wilson afterwards became a pony express driver, stage coach driver and a guide.

The effort to establish order in Mexico, which had been proceeding satisfactorily up to that time, was halted somewhat as far as Americans go by the murder, on January 10, of eighteen Americans near

Torreon, on the Mexican Northwestern railway by a band of marauders, supporters of General Villa. The tragedy resulted in a strong

note from Secretary Lansing demanding that Chief Carranza protect

Americans in Mexico. The comoany of rescuing Americans who

brought the bodies of the eighteen murdered Americans to El Paso reported that ten others had been murdered in the same vicinity, and the feeling ran high in El Paso against the Mexicans. The Yaqui Indians have withdrawn from the region, where they were causing great

destruction and settlers in that region are said to have returned to their farms. The "Mormon"colonists were in constant danger, but decided to remain. Many Americans were fleeing from Mexico. President Wilson announced on the 15th that he saw no reason to intervene in Mexico on account of the latest offense by the Villaists.

Jesse William Lewis, a pioneer of Payson, one of the original founders of the school now known as the Bigham Young University, died at his home in Payson, January 1. He built the first brick house

in Utah county, and promoted many other enterprises in the central part of Utah; was a mining man, railroad constructor, former owner

of the townsite of Thistle, and identified with a score of noteworthy enterprises in the upbuilding of the State and the Church. Born

October 27, 1836, at Decatur, Indiana, he and his wife, Mary A. Fuller,

to whom he was married at Des Moines, Iowa, came west in 1858, remaining a time in Calorado, and then coming to Salt Lake, settling later in Provo. Mr. Lewis crossed and recrossed the plains many

PASSING EVENTS 381

times, freighting for ten years, his wife often accompanying him. He

was an intimate friend of Jim Bridger, and Samuel C. Clemens

(Mark Twain) crossed the plains with him. At one time he carried

on his journey twenty thousand dollars in his vest, coat and cap. He

was a business associate, in early days, of Brigham Young, George A.

Smith, and Walker brothers.

Necrology. Among the promnient people who have passed away

recently are:

Mrs. S. A. Merrill, widow of the late Apostle Merrill, died at

Richmond, Cache county, October 16, 1915, age eightyone years.

Caroline P. Van Cott, widow of the late John Van Cott, died in

Salt Lake City, October 10, 1915. She was born January 20, 1840.

Judge A. N. Cherry, former judge of the district court of Salt

Lake county, died November 7, at Ocean Park, California, age seventyone.

Ada R. Smith, widow of Joseph Smith, president of the Reorganized Church of Latterday Saints, died at Independence, Mo.,

October 20.

Patriarch Henry C. Jacobs died at Ogden October 14, 1915. He

was born in Iowa, March 22,,1846, and was a faithful worker in the

Church.

John Lowry, a member of the Nauvoo Legion and pioneer of 1847, died at Springville, Utah, November 7, 1915. He was born in

Missouri January 11, 1829.

Patriarch De La Mare, of Tooele, ninetyfour years of age, died

October 16, 1915, in Tooele. He was an early pioneer and a native of

the Isle of Jersey, where he was baptized in 1849, by William C. Dunbar. He came to this country in 1850 bringing with him in company

with President John Taylor, the first sugar machinery ever brought to the United States.

The Great War.—The most interesting spot on the war map during

January was the frontier between Besarabia and Bukovina. Russia

was here conducting a very determined offensive. From the fragmentary reports that come from the front, it is learned that large

forces were engaged, and that several very lively battles were fought at different points along the three hundred mile line between Pintz and Czernowitz. The Germans have held this line since last September,

but they were being subjected to energetic attacks from the Russians at various points. Roughly the line follows the course of two rivers,

the Styr running north, and the Strypa running south. The Russians

have crossed both these rivers and were directing their attack on the capitol of Bukovina. The Russians are said to have one million five

hundred thousand men on this line, the northern section of which is in a swamp valley of the Pripet river. The Austrian war office estimated

the Russian loss in the operations up to January 7 as fifty thousand men.

On the 7th of January Germany agreed to settle the "Frye"and "Luistania"cases and to ameliorate the submarine warfare. On the

9th of January the British abandoned Gallipoli altogether, and on the same date the great battleship "King Edward VII"was sunk by a mine. During the early part of January alarming rumors were current in the newspapers and telegrams concerning the kaiser's condition. It appears that according to reports he was suffering from

cancer of the larynx, a disease similar to that of which his father died.

On the 15th it was announced that Great Britain will soon blockade

Germany, placing a ban on all traffic with the central powers. In return Germany is to adopt a policy of reprisal.

Any one desiring volumes 1 (<> XJ I of t lie Contributor for any Church works that they may wish to exchange should address E. Crane Watson, Librarian

Cedar City Free Public Library, Cedar City, Utah.

"We thank the publishers of the IMPROVEMENT Era for sending the magazine to us. It is one of our best friends in the mission field. We anxiously

await its coming each month, and enjoy its excellent topics and instructions."

Elders Avard Washburn and James Baron, Chattanooga, Tenn.

"We welcome each month the coming of the Improvement Era, bringing to us much food for spiritual growth and a wonderful fund of splendid reading matter. After we have read each number we pass it on to our friends who

enjoy its contents quite as much as the missionaries."—M. Luwry Allen,

Evansville, Indiana.

A stake president's endorsement.—A much appreciated, unsolicited testimonial of the value of the contents of the Improvement Era comes from President Adolph Merz, of the North Sanpete stake, Mt. Pleasant, Utah, as follows:

"Dear Brethren: Will you have the kindness to send me an extra copy of

the January number of the Era. 1 received my regular number, but consider

some of the writings contained therein so extraordinary in value that I should have another number for a specific purpose.

"Wishing you every success in the New Year, I beg to remain, your brother in the Gospel, Adolph Merz."

Improvement Era, February, 1916

Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Address, 20 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Joseph F. Smith, Heber J. Grant, Business Manager ) Editors'j"Edward H. Anderson, Moroni Snow, Assistant

Giant Cactus in the Gila Desert, Arizona Frontispiece

In the Gila Desert Alfred Lambcurne 287

Fulfilled Prophecy B. H. Roberts 289

Artisans of the SouthWest. Illustrated William Evans 295

Procrastination. A Poem Enoch Jorgensen 299

What is "Mormonism?"Orson F. Whitney 300

The Cultivation of Moral Thoughtfulness Prof. Milton Bennion 302

Tasks. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 303

Outlines for Scout Workers. Illustrated D. W. Parratt, B. S 304

Adele. A Story Alfred Lambourne 308

Is Man Immortal?—II Joseph F. Smith, Jr 314

Lincoln's Hour of Vision Dr. E. G. Gowans 322

"Faint Heart Ne'er Won Fair Lady."A Story. Ida Stewart Peay 327

My Plea. A Poem.....T. C. Hoyt 336

Human Historv Not Explained by Evolution..Robert C. Webb 337

Singers of the Little Songs. A Poem Maud Baggarley 343

Harvest Time in Peace and War Effie Stewart Dart 344

Speck's Faith. A Story H. R. Merrill 345

The Choice. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 349

Traveling Over Forgotten Trails. Illustrated. Hon. Anthony W. Ivins... 350

"The Lights Go Out"George Sterling 357

Winter Evening at Home Waldo 358

Editors'Table—On the Use of Tobacco Prest. Joseph F. Smith 360

No More Cigarette Advertisements 361

Thoughts in Brief 362 Stories Wanted, 363 Messages from the Missions 363

Priesthood Quorums'Table 371 Mutual Work 372 PassinqEvents 377 There is a Joseph Smith Great Deal of As Satisfaction In knowing that your mail order Scientist for Books will have that same By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

careful attention that you would get if you called in person. One of the best scientific exposiOur aim is to give satisfaction tions of the teachings of the

to everybody who buys of us, Prophet Joseph Smith yet puband no sale is completed until lished.

the buyer is fully satisfied.

PRICES: That's why our business is increasing so fast. Cloth Binding 75c

DESERET Paper Binding 25c

Send orders to Sunday School Union MORONI SNOW, BOOK STORE General Secretary, 44 East on South Temple 2022 Bishop's Building,

SALT LAKE CITY Salt Lake City.

Telephone, Wasatch ssi IORWINO COl l-SALTlAKtCITyilUHi Jos. Wm. Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor,

Show Rooms and Morgue OFFICE OPEN DAT AND NIGHT 21, 23 and 25 South West Temple Street

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

athletic Organizations Both Church and School willfind it greatly to their profit to consult us about their

Season Js Requirements.

Send ptstal for 150 page free catalog and for information about our special prices to clubs.

BROWNING BROS. CO., Ogden, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Utah's Most Popular Music House":*\r

Here are some of the things we will give away FREE Sewing Machine Writing Desk Hall Chime Clock Hammock Motocycle Violin Gold Watch Refrigerator Kitchen Cabinet Gas Range Morris Chair Camera

You don't have to make any l)u? ne.*-BeeI>e Music Co. (I.E.) purchase in order to secure a

Please full particulars send me of your premium. Plan. Premium FJREE This places me

under absolutely no obligation.

Name Address K: "OLDER THAN THF STATES OV UTAH"=J

LIFE ASSETS INSURANCE Protects your family if you die MORE

Protects you ifyou live THAN A

MILLION Ask about our plan whiclr helps you to accumulate DOLLARS an estate at the same time you are protecting your family.

WE WANT GOOD AGENTS IN EVERY TOWN

Beneficial Life Insurance Company Smith, Preritfent Vermont WF. Bldg., Salt Lake Lorenzo N. Stohl.VicePrw. & Mr.

, c W&M1

josepm t. diu. r. smith DIRECTORSw.w-w * W. S. MoCORNICK m,. |IM,HT W

FRANCIS M. LYMAN JAMES H. MOYU

THOS. R. CUTLER C. S. BURTON

WILLIAM SPRY jaS. u WRATMAU.

KERER SCOWCROfT K0. D. KEYSER

W. W, ARMSTRONG GRANT HAMPTON

WHEN WRITIS'G TO 4Dl'ERT(SERS. PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT BRA