i 1 ''':. \ K5

. *;v,,. 'V-. j | P5X

IS - /&*. IMPROVEMENT

JULY 1950 WE STOPPED at a Servel dealer's and learned that the gas refrigerator has no moving parts in the freezing system to wear or make a noise. A tiny

gas flame makes cold from heat, at low cost. Isn't it amazing?

WE LOOKED at the beauti ful new models and discovered a really big frozen food compartment... moist cold and dry

cold protection for fresh foods... a big meatkeeper... plasticcoated shelves... oh, dozens of

features... and such roominess!

WE LISTENED to the Servel in operation and couldn't hear a sound.

MOUNTAIN FUEL

SUPPLY COMPANY Setter Quicker Cheaper

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

T-Jow long do toads live? C. E.

Pemberton has reported some longevity tests from Hawaii in which tropical American toads lived from HOUSEeight and a half years to a record of Mil fifteen years, ten months, and thirteendays. The record was made by a CHOCOLATE DROP COOKIES

female during consumed who time estimated her lifecost you only*! a dozen* an 72,000 cockroaches. ftfkt

A change in temperature of one tenYou can't make them at home that cheaply millionth of a degree can be detected by an instrument developed by

Professor Donald H. Andrews. The

instrument, a type of bolometer, conTOWN HOUSE Cookies by Purity sists in part of columbium nitride contain loads of chocolate drops, which changes from an electrical superconductor to a conductor with real pecan nuts, pure creamery butextremely small amounts of energy. ter and other choice ingredients.

Superconductivity is a curious phenomena of some metals which have These expensive materials, plus no electrical resistance near absolute your own valuable time, would zero (459 degrees below zero Farenmake the cost of your homemadeheit). A current started in a superconducting ring flows indefinitely bechocolate chip cookies far more

cause there is no resistance to eat up than l6 2Ac a dozen.

the electrical energy.

According to Yvonne Le Maitre, Why Bake at Home?

onefourth of the population of

New York City are foreignborn. when you can buy such delicious

There are a million Italians, 400,000 chocolate drop cookies at so lowof whom were born in Italy. There

are nearly as many Russian born; a price?

nearly a quarter of a million Germans, nearly 200,000 Poles. From Ireland

there are 160,000. Of Jewish stock

there is an estimated two million.

There are seventy nationalities represented in the city.

As the sun or a star approaches the horizon, the effective thickness of the atmosphere is twenty times as great as directly overhead.

A warm cycle of climate during a thousand years, with a peak at about 850 A. D., permitted cereal

grains to ripen in Iceland and grapes in England. During the warmth of

the early 1930's soil in Greenland thawed which allowed excavation of *Town House Cookies by Purity are sold only in

Viking bodies which had been frozen cellophanewrapped cartons which average 34 cookies solidly in the earth for a thousand apiece. At the prevailing retail price of 47c a package

years. If the polar ice caps should the cost would be 16#c a dozen.

melt, the level of the oceans will rise about 150 feet. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix

JULY 1950 537 N TIHIJLkN &<s\i/tce\ NORTH AFRICAN PRELUDE folklore is particularly well executed, (Galbraith Welch. Morrow & Co., with sympathy and understanding and

child of the understanding with the New York. 1949. 650 pages. $6.00 )

tells the Mrs. Armer through whom

'T'he author has made an intensely story.

interesting historical survey of the In addition the book tells of the northern half of Africa from before the white man who loved the Navajos beginning of history until the return and decided that they needed beis especially friending. good book The the inChristians, following the of

to trying for are people our when we

II. of vasion Africa in World War them. gospel the to carry message

More fascinating than any novel, the—M. C. /. book includes littleknown and neverbefore-related materials. The author, JOAN FOSTER, JUNIOR

moreover, has authenticated the mate- ( Alice Ross Colver. Dodd, Mead and

rial which he includes in the book, Co., New York. 1949. 211 pages.

annotating and giving a bibliography $2.50.)

which thus provides verification as well "pOR older girls this story of a college as material for additional study. girl will be of value for the lessons

The author has long made a habit it teaches, and of interest for the way of collecting relics and writings conin which the author presents her cerning this part of the world. He material. The creation of the college

therefore has a background which atmosphere with its little conflicts and lends authenticity to his work. Moreachievements is particularly good

invites that a style over,* he has and—M. C. J. book'that interest. This is a commands

in value will prove of great gaining an LULU'S PLAY SCHOOL littleknown this of understanding

Steiner. (Charlotte

region.—M. C. /. day & Co., Inc., GardenIllustrated.City, NewDouble1948. York. $1.25.) DANTE PORTABLE THE

delightful "TThis picture book will The Viking (Edited by Paolo Milano.

Press, New York, 1947.) prove a happy experience to the

"Tante is only a name to those who youngest who will like the pictures and have not been introduced to his the story. The sturdy binding will

writings. Through this Portable Dante recommend it for its durability as well

this introduction should be effected. as its interest. M. C. J.

are volume in this handy Included SHELLEY LETTERS the NEW Vita La Comedy, Divine complete (Edited Scott. Yale Uniby W. S.

Nuova, as well as selections from The versity Press, New Haven. 1949. 170

Rhymes, The Letters, The Latin pages $3.00.)

let BOTANO de luxe simplify Works, This inexpensive edition will THo anyone who has loved the poetry your control of Earwigs and be of great value to those who would of Shelley, and of the countless

Spruce Gall Aphids. Also be well read.—M. C. /. number of high school and college stuefficient against Ants, Squash dents who have read him there are

Bugs, Thrips, Leafhoppers (White THE STORY OF SOUND very few who haven't loved him, this

Fly) and many Fungus Diseases. (James Geralton. Harcourt, Brace and collection of letters, hitherto for the

Co., New York. 74 pages. $2.00.) most part unavailable, will be an ex-

I TLTave you wondered why there are citement and a thrill. His very first

Kill RED SPIDER so many different kinds of sounds letter indicates his belief that "some difference? the what makes and EVERGREENS on your Did vast intellect animates Infinity.''—M. C. J. sounds the human there, are know you with

VAPOTONEXX Spray earJamescannotGeralton,detect? instructor of physics NANCYWORKERCLARK, SOCIAL

at Harvard University, gives much (Cora Kasius. Dodd, Mead and Co.,

Write for FREE booklet on interesting information in this book New York. 1949. 246 pages. $2.50.)

ISOTOX Garden Spray, about sound, in terms a child can "TThis book is a good one to indicate the vocation of a social worker. L. G. understand. D. the sensational new

In addition story, is to the of which multipurpose garden spray interest, intense MOUNTAIN the WATERLESS apincludes book containing lindane! (Laura Adams Armer. Longmans, pendices which indicate schools for

Green & Co., New York. 1950 reprint. social work, admission requirements,

$3.00.) tuition rates, fellowships, and other

TQeautifully written, this novel of information vital to the wouldbe stu- "'(JQRTHO) deserves the numersocial is It the of interesting Navajos dent work.

AfG. VS. Mr Off it has enjoyed. reprintings that note Winto the written ous book was by

prize, it deserves social the of a capable Newberry worker ner came who CORP. SPRAYCHEMICALCALIFORNIA originally from /. Utah. learn C. Ogden, all of would M, us who reading by

Caldwell. Idaho 428, P.O. Box brother. Indian our of The (Concluded 580) on more page OFF. ISOTOX. J.S. PAT. TM'S REG. VAPGTGNE, ORThO, BOTANO.

538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ABSOLUTELY FREE

"The Greatest Story Everlold * *.o

in a way The sublime story of Jesus told that makes you feel as if you were there

m,

WHY THE

MAKES THIS UNUSUAL OFFER

THROUGHOUT the centuries, the wonderful story of Jesus has brought inspiration and sublime happiness to untold millions. Its divine message is

forever new, everlastingly beautiful. It has been

often told, but perhaps the most inspiring and accurate version ever written, outside of the Bible itself, is this new masterwork by Fulton Oursler.

Simply and reverently, everywhere true to the Gospels, he faithfully unfolds the timeless story, bringing Jesus and those whose lives were entwined with

His excitingly close to you. Here, indeed, is a reading experience to be deeply enjoyed and cherished

forever by every member of your family.

Since publication, "The Greatest Story Ever

Told"has been high on bestseller lists. Now,

to introduce you to the Family Reading Club, you may have your copy ABSOLUTELY FREE.

i Read the details of this unusual offer below

Endorsed fey Leaders of All Faiths '"Every 50 years or so a truly great 'Life of Christ* appears. In my opinion, this is one of the

greatest."-Oft. NORMAN VINCENT PEALE

"I wish to commend you very highly for this contribution co religiousMSGR.literature."FULTON J. SHEEN

"This book belongs on the top shelf of the home library of America."—DANIEL A. POLING,

Christian Herald BOOKS FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY AT BIG SAVINGS

This Mail Coupon to thus save the reup they on books 50% I to members Family was founded Reading The Club ceive the from Club select for the books family books whole I—ABSOLUTELY Send Mail No Money—Just Coupon are enterinteresting worthwhile,which and "THE I GREATEST STORY EVER TOLD"the no mail coupon. will Send Wetaining without sensational. being Each money—just of send your copy you FAMILY Greatest Story CLUB, DEPT. "The READING Ever 7 ER I selects our Board Editors ofmonth one book a of copy Hill"Told"as "Gentian your free—plus MINEOLA, YORK NEW

first selection. will thefrom reserve time same the a submitted At among we I pubmany by Please send at once a me copy Greatest Story "The

in If membership your name. Ever Told"decide also to and a of cancel copy you "Gentianof the Hill."At itlishers—the one can book most recommend I reserve time, a same for reservation, in the If membership I your return Club. merely of the me copy "Gentianenthusiastically to are to always not join members. These decide will Club, the I return Hill""Gentian within 10 will there Hill"and days further be no I within 10 days are and to you cancel reservation. my that obligation.books can read with pleasure join not But the whether be or you by Club, enroll Otherwise as a me send member and each month me of the is copy Greatest Story Ever "The yours I Told"every of review that a the of the can member family—books Club's forthcoming selection, I which may

to keep FREE. or accept reject ABSOLUTELY I as are There dues no membership all, discussedbe that will by prized become I fees, If in only believe you the club a appeals which book I to accept a requirement—ifchoose. join—to

oflibrary four volumes. selections orminimum Club finest with (beginning instincts the "Genof I tian Hill") during coming at twelve only months $1.89 every the of member HIIL""GENTIAN plus each, postage Club handling. andthe a Save I will As member, be How Members 50% let family, us introduce Elizabeth I by Goudge to a entitled free with Bonus seleceach Book four Club If decide to join the Family you Reading Club, to the you Family Readtions I accept. of copy The of "PilGreatest author "The Story Ever The I will receive of the forthreviewyou the Club's ing sending Club by is you to Told"mine or not join. I tells grim's Inn"now keep—free—whether

is selection Itcoming necessary each not month. Greatest Story "The Story the orof two I Mr.for to a accept member a each book Ever month—only and Told""Gento- phans who came Mrs....,.four entire during to retain an year membership. tian Hill"together with I relive to gether of one Miss (Please Print) insteadAnd, of for paying to $2.75 $3.50 each story the the of complete beautiful the legmost Address.. I purchased,book only each pay members $1.89 Mail the coupon Club. in folkEnglish ends

aplus cents few for postage handling. In adand the as of now, number lore. at Published I Citydition Zone this to State saving, great receive a free copies free distribto members be first as but your $3-50,

ofBonus the quality Book if high with four in each same is Age uted this I way selection, only $1.89.

selections they Occupation buy. Including these 21 limited under Books, Bonus

FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, NEW YORK II Same priceOtter inEoodCanada:only In 105the 0.BondS. A.St.,andTorontoCanada 2, Ont

JULY 1950 539 \JfHcial \Jraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

-Jhe Lkurch of

of tLattefdau Jainti

Editors: GEORGE ALBERT SMITH - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS THE COVER

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON The "Keep in tune from June to June"

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L. program, enthusiastically accepted at the

Editor: SHEPHERD ZOBELL, JR - "Today's Family"BURL

- Editors: Contributing DURHAM June M.I.A. conference, was the inspira- G. HOMER ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER tion for our cover. The yearround

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY program of the M.I.A. now offers recreaGeneral Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER tional and spiritual activity for every

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT month of the year. The cover was designed by Nelson White.

General Superintendent Elbert R.

Curtis of the Y.M.M.I.A. gave the

The Editor's Page Church of the Air address on Sunday,

June 18, 1950, in the Assembly Hall. His Brigham Young—A Great Man George Albert Smith 545 address will appear in a subsequent issue

of the Era.

Church Features Evidences and Reconciliations: CXLV—Is Book of Mormon Geography Known? John A, Widtsoe 547

OFFICES BUSINESS EDITORIAL AND YearRound Program The of the MJ.A*—A June Conference

Street Main 50 North... 550 Report

St. Offices, Y.M.M.I.A. 50 North Main Search Diligently—New Light on the Ballard Family St. Offices, 40 North Y.W.M.I.A. Main David E. Gardner 554

Salt Lake City 1, Utah The 1950 Mormon Battalion Trek—Conclusion...Milton R. Hunter 562

Scouting for 11Year-Old Boys Elbert R. Curtis 565 Copyright 1950 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaLehi in the Desert—Part VII. Hugh Nibley 566 tionAssociationof the ofYoungthe ChurchMen's Mutualof JesusImprovementChrist of

rights All Saints. reserved. Latterday Sub-..569 542 LiquorTobacco Moves The Column On No

in price, a year, foreign $2.50 advance; Bishopric's Ballard Presiding Family..554 Page 570 scription Genealogy—TheChurch in subscriptions, year, a $3.00 advance; 25c

Priesthood 568 Melchizedek copy. single

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing

Special Features at1103,specialAct rateof Octoberof postage1917,providedauthorizedfor in Julysection2, 1918.

Era not responsible Improvement The for un-.... Fletcher Seek First the Kingdom Harvey of God—The Story of manuscripts, butis contributions. welcomes - B. Hinckley Gordon 548 solicitedAll manuscripts by sufficient be accompanied must What A Chance You Take Ernest C. Anderson 553 postage for delivery and return.

"Modern Missionary Campaign". John D, Giles 558

Change of Address A Church History Travel Service—IV John D. Giles 564

for required notice change of adSquare The Spoken Word from Temple ordering please include a change, Fifteen Whendays'Richard L. Evans 576, 589, 593, 596 addressdress. issue of slip from a recent the magazine.

Address cannot changes unless the old be made the Universe, Exploring Franklin Today's Family Burl Shepherd well as address as included. the new one is

. S. Harris, 537 Jr 572 Be a NewFashioned Cook

On the Bookrack 538 BroadeningBlueprint forHorizonsBeauty for Your 572 National Advertising Representatives

These Times, The U. N. Budget, Child, Helen Gregg Green 578

G. Homer Durham 541 Your Page and Ours....600 EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Russ Building San Francisco, California HENRY Stories, Poetry EDWARD S. TOWNSENDG. ESCHEN,COMPANY

The Legend of the Sego Lily...John Sherman Walker 552 Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

Pete Fights a Book Eugene Olsen 557 HARRY V. LYTLE

Fight With a Grizzly Emily H. Jepson 561 332 ChicagoSouth Michigan4, IllinoisAve.

Daily Bread, Helen Maring 541 Faith, Elaine V. Emans 546 SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

I 342 Madison Ave. Frontispiece, H. Shall Go Back, Pansye in the Year You, To

York 17, N. Y. New.....599 Powell 543 2000 A.D., S. Dustin Edna

Poetry Page 544 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE UN BUDGET

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM Country Percent Amount

Science Head of Political Department. 1. U. S. A. 39.89 $16,601,021

University of Utah 2. United HThe expenditures of the United Kingdom 11.37 $ 4,731,853

States national government are 3. U.S.S.R. 6.34 $ 2,638,518

approximately one thousand times the 4. France 6.00 $ 2,497,020

expenditures of the institution known 5. China 6.00 $ 2,497,020

as the United Nations. The world's 6. India 3.25 $ 1,352,553

investment in the UN is great; the 7. Canada 3.20 $ 1,331,744

amount spent for maintaining the 8. Sweden 2.00 $ 832,340

solvency of the investment is relatively 9. Australia 1.97 $ 819,855

low. Expenditure budgets of the UN 10. Brazil 1.85 $ 769,915

since 1946, the first year, are reported interesting. are Ten These figures publication of recent in a followsas

of 81.87 percent for account members state: ofthe department

the total contributions. The remaining

of percent 19.13 contribute fortyeight Budget Year

small Eight expenditures. the budget 1946 $19,390,000

1947 $28,616,568 powers, Costa Rica, Haiti, Honduras, 1948 $39,285,736 Iceland, Liberia, Nicaragua, Paraguay, 1949 $43,487,128 and Yemen pay the minimum "dues"of 0.04 percent, which in 1949

price The expansion of annual expendiamounted to $16,647 each—the

tures not only reflects price increases of an American sixroom house near since 1946, a considerable item (which Country Club Acres.

means we have to pay more to get More interest attaches to what the the same ), but also reflects an expandfigures imply inasmuch as they repreing program for the organization. sent international agreement on "caExpenses are borne by the members pacity to pay."It certainly advertises

under a formula administered and apthe fact that democratic capitalism in Bound Volumes of to pay! States has ability United the Assembly. the General portioned by its the ERA make valucontribution, hence Soviet The capacity relative on basedThe scale is

to pay. But every member has to pay internationallyjudged "capacity,"is able reference books.

at least 0.04 percent, and in 1948 the less than onesixth of that of the

General Assembly recognized "that United States, despite the greater area Preserve each issue for bindin normal times no one Member State and greater population of the U.S.S.R. ing when volume is complete.

should contribute more than onethird And Canada, with only one inhabitant of the ordinary expenses of the United for every fifteen or sixteen Russians,

Nations for any one year."The pays over half as much as the larger A fine addition to any

United States has been contributing Soviet Union. When the Soviet library, both for value

39.89 percent. This will undoubtedly capacity to produce, as gauged by this

be scaled down to 33.33 percent in international judgment, begins to apof contents and apaccordance with the view that an orproach the AmericanCanadian standpearance.

ganization of sovereign states should ard, there may be some little occasion not be "unduly dependent upon any for investigation. But in the meansingle member."time, the UN budget would seem to Economical

fact the that the workers'point to for finanof contributions scale The $2.50 per volume is hemisphere, in the western paradise conthe ten largest cial shows 1949

tributors to the UN as follows: not in Eurasia.

F.O.B. Salt Lake City

(Postpaid, add 30c)

1949 Index is now ready so send your ERAS for binding to

DAILY BREAD Mating DESERET NEWS PRESS Helen By

Rows of sprouting wheat appear Until the grainfilled heads come out.

Like threads of green to web the Then God's kind hand and Faith's wide year, way 40 Richards St. Holding us on to harvest day... a net of growth and hope Lead

of flat the and brown Over slope. To the wellfilled board, to the bowing Salt Lake City of spring sun rain and and Snow

head: that sing larks Perhaps the meadow

"Give us this day our daily bread...."sprout All wheat to encourage

JULY 1950 541 THE CHURCH MOVES ON Jt U)au Jo JJau Chronology vJf Church (Ltvevi Is f f

President Smith's counselors are sion who was expelled from CzechoApril 1950 Charles S. Wood, who succeeded slovakia March 18, arrived in Salt

Thomas C. Hunt, and Melvin WestenLake City.

EmiWard, Twentyseventh a8 "a Eldersistant Cliffordto the CouncilE. Young,of theasskow,counselor.who is retained as second 2 "City) Stake, gration (Salt Lake

Berkeley the dedicated newTwelve, I. A. AllChurch M. the first won Ward, (Wisconsin) Milwaukee (CaliFrancisco BayStake and San twoday The tournament. volleyball by dedicated chapel Stake, storeChicago welfarefornia) area Church Deseret the played at was tournament the Council B. Lee of Harold Elderhouse.

of the Twelve. Gym.

Jr., Clark, Reuben President J. 2-| Longden of i John Appointment A ser1950 baccalaureate the May 1 delivered -*- "welfare general the to Church of students graduating the before mon First the announced by was committee in a first census Church Tempe, College, State The Arizona the Presidency. 1 It exbegun. was decade Arizona. B. to Garff of Appointment Mark 13. the of completed by to bepected May Kirkham A. Oscar President the welof Church chairman as serve dedicated Seventy the of Council First the succeeding building fare committee bulleBishopric's Stake Presiding (California) The Sacramento the anRyberg, E. late was William 3 First Phoenix that tin announced storehouse. welfare Church Romney, G. Marion Elder nounced by Stake, had (Arizona) PhoenixWard, of the director assistant managing the Mutual of Nine Division Seventh Phoenix form to divided Obeen

plan. welfare Church playing began athletic program 22 bishop. as B. Campbell A. withWard, also appointed Fetzer B. was Emil fourdiamond a baseball new on Clinton D. General Attorney of the building committee Church the to South 1700 Redwood at ball park welfare that a Church ruledVernon father, his succeeding program, welfare teams League""American Road. is in Elder County Box farmwheat a Sr., serving on Fetzer, now John Wednesdays, and will play Mondays ruling, which taxation.subject to The mission. teams League""National while farms, welfare other effectwill Church

Thursdays. and will play Tuesdays levied and taxes after were soughtwas old i commemorating monument q A held to Aube are expected Playoffs protest."1 "underpaid River in the port Salmon Lemhi

first the marks 11 12. This and gust the unveiled of by Idaho was of the Valley celebration centennial of part a been The has baseball that season 6 dediand of the Church Stakes Idaho misfirst L.D.S. of the arrival program. sports the Church S. Hinckley, Bryant who cated by apwill be Scandinavia insionaries

propriately marked by a threeday personally represented President Monument to L.D.S. Pioneers unobservance in Salt Lake City August George Albert Smith. veiled at Fremont, Nebraska. It

original comthat the here near was 13, Holger 12, 11, M. Larsen, and of in meetings many Sacrament tens, fifties, into organized was pany in charge committee the vice 1\ ofchairman the Church throughout * the wards and hundreds. announced. celebration, theof exercises to commemodevoted were (New Farmington Young Ward, of the anniversary 121st rating the Clark, Jr., Reuben into divided two Stake, J. Mexico) Priesthood. 5 President the Aaronic of restoration distinguished annual as sustained received the Arthur wards. Goodman

service award presented by the ChamShoshone Branch, Blaine (Idaho) bishop of the First Ward; Bishop Egber of Commerce of his native Tooele Stake, created from the Dietrich debert D. Brown retained as bishop of

County (Utah). During the evening pendent branch, with President the Second Ward.

state various from readtributes were Dille. Merthen religion institutes of Twelve including one leaders, nationaland

adjacent 2 nw the Church operated by presiformer Hoover, Herbert Albert Smithfrom i George President will college campuses western States. cereto the in the Uniteddent of Utah * fT* participated

this students of 390 a total of the Indegraduate opening the of monies for high seminaries spring. Church annual Men Fourth M included Drive, which and pendence Bond

a total will graduate school students Field and Girl Track 6 Gleaner of the American of a replica the tolling 5438. (southern Eleven for DivisionDay Liberty Bell. of

Elder Marion G. Romney, Assistant high held at South Gate California)

school, South Gate, California. 1 O Joy F. Dunyon, Church superto the Council of the Twelve and as-

* "visor of seminaries, announced sistant managing director of the

Davis Green, formerly first that the three Salt Lake City Church welfare plan announced new 7 counselor, succeeded President senior high seminaries would hold chairmen for three Church welfare

J. Melvin Toone of the Minidoka morning and evening summer classes regions. They are President Dale H.

(Idaho) Stake. Counselors to Presifor youths of junior and senior high Petersen of North Sevier Stake, chairdent Green are Charles N. Campbell, school age. The program, scheduled man of Richfield Region; President

formerly second counselor, and Rodto begin June 19, is similar to one Delbert F. Wright of Oakland Stake,

ney A. Hansen. inaugurated a year ago. chairman of San Francisco Bay

Milan Dale Smith was sustained as Region; and President Claude Brown

president of the Union (Oregon) -| n Wallace F. Toronto, presiof Twin Falls Stake, chairman of

Stake, succeeding C. Lloyd Walch. * * dent of the Czechoslovakian MisCentral Idaho Region.

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MONUMENT PARK WARD CHAPEL FRED L. MARKHAM, ARCHITECT

Jo ijon, in the ujear'ear 2000 v. Jj.

B EDNA S. DUST IN

THIS TOGETHER WITH VALUABLE DOCUMENTS WAS SEALED IN THE

CORNERSTONE OF THE MONUMENT PARK WARD, TO BE OPENED IN

THE YEAR 2000 A. D. THE CHURCH IS TO BE DEDICATED IN JULY 1950.

in the snowlight of December weather, %ereWe of this ward are gathered together

To seal in this cornerstone a few

Notes of this day, with our faith in you

You, our children's children in 2000 A. D.,

As we place each brick on this faithstone, may we

Cement our faith like each brick we lay,

That you may find us as worthy as they

To whose memory this edifice we stretch in height

Over the place they camped that night

That first night they slept in this promised land,

Dreamed of this day when churches, temples, would stand.

They built on their faith in us, as we, too,

Build with their faith on our faith in you.

May we build their dreams that we have acquired

And be the parents you desired.

JULY 1950 543 WASATCH VEILED MESSENGER BENT TO THE SOWING

By Richard F. Armknecht By Blanche Kendall McKey By Dorothy J. Roberts

turns underneath these mountainsEarth of the earth ET an era is whirling; T)art stop rest gone to with her the sun

still. air lie the Let trundling The the wagons on parching steepingAdmiringly, one flank with light J-'

While shadows hold another; one by one All the little chatter and the striving, grasses;

Ridges and pinnacles are held aright Let them rest. The hidden grave in some forsaken swale;

To make the most subtle symmetries; There will be time for wheels and wings The cries of birth that wakened lonely

Chasms and clefts ooze purple from their And clashing tongues tomorrow. passes;

maws This is an hour for whispers and for

Until a flashing sunspear sudden frees prayer. The cannonade from hooves of buffalo

Their depths from darkness; clouds parade Thundering their manna toward the wagon and pause; Remembered laughter—let it live trains;

Their patterns brush the slopes and blunt And every tender word. The brave, bright spirits daring each new

the heights. Each lowly act of kindness freely given; dawn;

Friendship surging deep from year to The pilgrim path, forsaking sheltered

Then, in those last brief moments of the year; lanes;

day, The swiftwinged flash of thoughts, which

The golden largess of the sun invites ceased too soon; The lash of discipline; the shout of mirth

In firelit of rest; the comfort evening"that rose in beauty, golden every hope to roseate gray, And fading answer, soonA

rejoinder; the heart to see and gay that night's The in every sank hope And leavingBut rich in the heart the conviction

Of beauty shared, and nature's benediction. despair. A fair tomorrow bannered in the west....

Let the heart shine clear.

is past departing The with her—quietly

eyes once lingered on a young Whose faith, growing, "THIS IS THE PLACE"This bracing;is the hush of heaven and earth emBy John Gallinari Whidding The lost home found again. Whose fingers helped to smooth its rough

O let our earthbound eyes behold a little terrain,—Emigration Canyon—Salt Lake City of the splendor, Her strong back tirelessly bent to the

As freshcut roses breathe a mute farewell! sowing.

HpHis reaching shaft of granite, strong and * fair (For Kate Thomas, Utah poet, who passed Though this remains with us: the kingdom

spread from this life in March 1950) bold, unflinching patriarchAs he—that plains tinted now with fields trustful On parched at journey's wordsWhose ending

mark and grasses Its sunset face—lifts to the upper air Through the tapestry of thought, runs one

His lion's likeness when he paused to stare dark thread

Across the broad, dry land, across the lake Again, with her, the mighty era passes.

Of deadly brine to where tall mountains make Today, as then, a toothridged fortress WASH DAY there. By Thelma Ireland

Granite stone, Godcreated and bronze—the [ like to take clothes off the line;The blended of pioneers ore! The strength

Was kin to both, more kin than flesh and * They feel soft as a feather;

bone But best of all I like the smell

Turning to dust while, glorious with They smell so full of weather.

praise, These brave depictions of our questing years ISAIAH 11:12

Lend courage to these troubled latter days.

By Jon Beck Shank

BENEDICTION "R Jlemento mori, oxskulls wait you where 1V1 With waterbags today you can igBy Beulah Huish Sadleir BAREFOOT SONG nore

The rough approach or even go by air;

'"Phere was very little the people could By Elaine V. Emans But otherwise the valley shines in chalksay ened purity, and trees and streams

As they gazed at the valley that July day. Some words are full of youthfulness and with fourNo glorified aspect of forest's green—feeling. New cities wait to rest your walk

No ocean front where boats could be seen. Say barefoot to me, and again I go In Zion. By the Jordan you may think

Through dewwet grass where spiderlaces On those that truly ate the given fruit,

Just a barren sweep of gray brown brush: glow Whose traced words kept you faithful to

There wasn't a tree, With countless diamonds as the sun comes the route:

Nor the song of a thrush; stealing Moroni, Alma, Helaman—Yes, thinkBut the evening came—and Around a hill. It takes me back to kneelWith silent prayer, they saw ing On Zion where she stands in tops of hills

Faith's reward—a sunset rare. To untie shoestrings so that I might know, So near the sky, unrivaled in her truth,

The sky burst open with flaming rage By dipping an experimental toe, Unspoiled though praised the livelong day

A molten ingot in a blast furnace cage. Whether the little brook was right for by youth,

healing By seers, by mothers, all that enter in

Spring fever, or too cold for wading yet. The waters and come out on fire; chills

Say barefoot, and the seasons slip away And fevers be the weather in

No word was spoken—To when I was unlucky enough to get Your heart then. Noon's potential lion

They pillowed their heads Bee stung in clover bloom, to my dismay Prophesies the saved; when doom

Where God had prepared their Or fortunate, at ten years, not to let Consumes the land, the world shall turn

Desert beds. One worry mar a golden, golden day. to Zion.

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *i<<0442r,lJ0r><4?K&><'&xS?J*

'i

i an BRIGHAM YOUNG ma Remarks of President George Albert Smith at the unveiling ceremonies of the 28, Brigham Young monument, held at V/hitingham, Vermont, Sunday, May 1950, at 1:30 p.m.

rethren and sisters, and felprison for entertaining others of his sons low Vermonters. My folk came from Verwhen they were in distress. I am going to

mont, too, and I am glad to come back to this leave you."

state that has produced so many unusual They pleaded with him and told him that and outstanding men and women. I have in he knew before he took the Quakers in, what

my hand a list of more than a hundred the penalty was.

names of men and women, mostly men, who He said, "Yes, I knew, and I expected to as pioneers left this wonderful green country pay a fine, but I didn't think that my own and went out into the desert to make their neighbors would consent to putting me in home. The result was that I was fortunate jail."He sold his property and moved to

enough to be born out there in Utah. Vermont and, as a result, it was the birthThere is much that has been said already place of the Prophet Joseph Smith, and that

about President Brigham Young, and much circumstance has added his illustrious name more that could be said, and I would like to to the list of other famous people from this suggest to you members of the Church of state of Vermont.

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints who are I was personally acquainted with Brigham here, that until you have read the history of Young. I think if I were to tell you of my

President Brigham Young, you have failed first introduction to him, you might be interto observe much worthwhile information ested. I was a little boy, five years of age.

that you might find in his life. I had a black velvet suit, and my hair was

Reference has been made to the fact that nearly as white then as it is now, and I had in too. called those mother days, My Smith born in Vermont. was The hair Joseph in to the house dressed day and one me me in into Massachusetts near TopsQuakers came in suit a letter velvet black put and my new field forebears the Prophet's were where

living. It was contrary to the law to feed or my pocket. I can see the picture of it now in

entertain the Quakers in those days. Two my mind's eye. My mother told me to go up to

of them came to the house of Samuel Smith President Young's office and ask to see him letter give else. the to to him no one and to eat get said, can't anything and and and "We s

to that time his home. I went he lived up At rest. to us what Will you tell no place have

to do?"in what today would be considered a for- h

Samuel Smith invited them in. He gave tress. The Indians were at times troublesome s

them a place to stay for the night and sent and for safety, the block where President them on their way the next morning, fed Young lived was surrounded by a strong and rested. When his neighbors learned wall as high as this monument.

what he had done, he was arrested and taken I had two long blocks to walk from my into court where he was sentenced to pay house to Brigham Young's. Mother had s

a fine and was imprisoned for entertaining told me how to get there. When I arrived

Quakers. That was a forebear of Joseph at the gate, I discovered that it was partly

Smith. open. It was a large, heavy gate made of I

The result was that when Samuel Smith twoby-four timbers and fastened by great \ was released from jail, he called his neighheavy iron hinges. It took quite a push to

bors together and said, "My property is for open it, it was so heavy, and when it was 1"e. closed and barred on the inside with timbers h

"What do you mean?"they asked, "You that were dropped down into position, it

have a nice place, why are you selling?"couldn't be opened from without. As I looked

He replied, "I am going away from here. inside the gate a large Scotchman by the name

I will no longer live as a member of a comof John Smith looked at me and said, "What munity that would put one of God's sons in (Concluded on following page)

'-&<-&'&v*&*j<J'&K/2rx4?jiri%&'.

JULY 1950 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) to him. The secretary made out a with this beautiful and delightful

do you want?"He scared me nearly pass for us to Ogden and return and atmosphere, and to be here with

to death. I told him that I wanted gave it to President Young, who these prominent people from differto see Brigham Young, and he said, took a quill pen and signed his ent parts of the country. There

"President Young has no time for name to it. He then took the same would have been many others here

the likes of ye/'He bellowed so envelope that it came in and put if they had been in a position to that I was nearly ready to faint. the pass in it. (Take note of the come, but I am glad to be present.

But then I looked at the open door fact that he didn't use a new enveAs I look at this lovely monument, of the office and a great big man, lope but used the old one.) He I am wondering what President

nearly six feet tall and with a long then tucked the envelope in my Young would say if he were here.

white beard and hair, was standing pocket. Of course, there are other monuin the doorway and he called to ments to him, but this is at his birththe guard and said, "What's While we were waiting for the place and where he ought to have a

telling what been me pass, had he a monument.wanted, John?"

I had mother father and wonderful inforlittle is replied, your for a to "Here like I say John would

I to be ought boy good a what and ago years to President see of fellow wants that a number mation the to walked of them. He because of roared Columwith then he and Young,"prominent men the of one

I said, left, he as me, and with door it called, a he laughter. thought good was what wrote He University bia tell your home, reach you "When all in dignity the joke. with But Greatness."He of Source "The her I she and that hope mother of said to birthplace President world, the that, Young the by meant time pleasant a will have family in."him, gained him had "John, show who and women men in Ogden."family her with this counin recognition and else the fame nothing guard There was

could do then but to let me in and I went my way and gave Mother try. When I went to see him, I

he took me up to the porch where the envelope and the pass and we asked if we could publish the inforPresident Young was standing, for all went to Ogden to visit another mation in our magazine, The Imit was the President himself. Vermonter, my grandfather, Lorin provement Era. He consented, and

President Young took me by the Farr, who came from Vermont. He it was published after we had conhand and led me into his office, sat was the first mayor of Ogden, Utah, densed it and had had him check our

down at his desk and lifted me up for twenty years served the legislacondensation. Do you know what

on his knee and put his arm around ture from that district, built the first it showed? There were more scienme. In the kindest way one could sawmill, the first gristmill, and the tists born in Utah, in proportion to

imagine, he said, "What do you only woolen mill they have had. He population, than any other state

want of President Young?"was one of the contractors who built in the union. Some of them deJust think of it! He was Presithe Central Pacific Railroad from scended from Vermonters; in fact

dent of a great Church and Goverthe West to where it joined with you would be surprised at the numnor of a Territory, and with all the the Union Pacific at Promontory, ber of those descended from Verduties he had to perform, yet I as Utah, where the gold spike was monters in that section of the coun- a little boy was received with as driven. He was a true Vermonter. try. There were more men and

much dignity and kindness as if He was a hard worker, aid his women of affairs who had attained

I had come as a governor from an family, both boys and girls, were greatness, who were born in Utah, cdjoining state. taught to work, and I have always in proportion to the population,

I felt in my pocket, took out the considered him a great man. than in any other state in the union. Vermonters see what you can You said, mother envelope, and "My that I then, of am peo- a started group wonder you did! Do You this to told give you."me to this when here today to were be glad there who in Utah ple out

My father was on a mission in monument that is placed here at not satisfied with ordinary things.

that time at that and England dedicated? is to be birthplace gave his out not been have those who I To family her some and my mother rest of you the with glad to be say, to am "Welgoing there, I am President privileges. was Young I apprethat like I to say would all and is to our open door

that ran railroad the of president here come—the of being opportunity the ciate to desire children Father's who City Ogden. Salt and Lake between sunshine glorious this in with you if will us,"you see to and come President letter read, "Dear The

tell from Verare us you and come father I seen haven't my Young:

little get a will perhaps mont, you

I time. for would some mother and

like to take my family to Ogden to warmer welcome.

visit with them. I would appreciate FAITH I am happy to be here and grateit if you would arrange it so I could By Elaine V. Emans offul toBrighambe with Young.members ofI havethe familybeen go.

President Young took a little bell Faith is a pointed alpenstock asked to have you join with me in and rang it, and in came one of his That gives us, though we first dedicating this monument. If you

secretaries. He handed the letter may doubt it, will all arise, we will join in saying

to the secretary and told him to A confidence to climb to peaks to the Lord that we are grateful for fulfil the request and bring it back We never could attain without it. another blessing.

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA E VIDENCESdRECONCILIA tions CXLV Theof actualBook ofgeographicalMormon eventslocationsand IS devotedChurch. to In"Gemsthe bookfrom isthea Historysection

places have always intrigued of the Prophet Joseph Smith."The

last of of these "gems"reads as folSeveralstudents the book. BOOK OF MORMON articles lows: on thevolumes and many

published.subject been have to Revelation Travels. "Lehi's The GEOGRAPHY failed writers so far havevarious course that the Seer. The Joseph

to agree. Often the suggested loLehi and his company traveledcations vary, with different authors, KNOWN? from Jerusalem to the place of their

thousands of miles. An earnest, destination: They traveled nearly

honest search is being continued by i5u donn v. \AJiatioe a south, southeast direction until

enthusiastic Book of Mormon stuOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE they came to the nineteenth degree dents. northwestern Missouri, led by the of north latitude; then nearly east

The Book of Mormon was writProphet, the skeleton of a large to the sea of Arabia, then sailed ten centuries ago. Consequently, it man was uncovered near the Ilin a southeast direction, and landed

makes no direct reference to modlinois River. Joseph Smith said it on the continent of South America,

locations. identifiable easilyern, thirty degrees, south latiin Chile, Lamanite of a white remains the was

6 upon depend, chiefly, mustStudents this tude."leader a Zelph, among named

existing natural monuments, such people. 3 This is not of much value This, if correctly quoted would

as mountains, rivers, lakes, or ocean in Book of Mormon geographical be another fixed, certain point in them try to identifybeaches, and probably since Zelph studies, geodated the study of Mormon Book of in mentioned placeswith similar Nephites later time when from a enough, howCuriously graphy.

the Book of Mormon. Ruins of and Lamanites had been somewhat ever, this statement is not found

early cities are also used as clues by dispersed and had wandered over in the history of Joseph. Investigathe investigator. Usually, an ideal the country. tion points to a slip of paper in

map is drawn based upon geoThird, the hill from which the possession of the Church Historian graphical facts mentioned in the Book of Mormon plates were obsaid to have been the property of book. Then a search is made for tained by Joseph Smith is definitely President Frederick G. Williams,

with complying areas existing Prophet of the days In the the counselors. the known. of Joseph's one On

legitistudies are suchmap. All peothe among to the pertaining known this hill was notes are paper

mate, but the conclusions drawn ple as Cumorah.* This is a fixed doctrine and history of the Church.

from them, though they may be point in Book of Mormon later There also is found the above item correct, must at the best be held as history. There is a controversy, relating to "Lehi's Travels."Much

intelligent conjectures. however, about the Hill Cumorah doubt has been cast upon the reAs far as can be learned, the not about the location where the liability of this statement, since

Prophet Joseph Smith, translator of Book of Mormon plates were found, diligent search has failed to trace the book, did not say where, on the but whether it is the hill under that it to the Prophet. It came into the

American continent, Book of Morname near which Nephite events possession of the Church Historian mon activities occurred. Perhaps took place.'A name, says one, may as a gift from Ezra G. Williams,

he did not know. However, cerbe applied to more than one hill; son of Frederick G. Williams in

tain facts and traditions of varying and plates containing the records 1864, twenty years after the reliability are used as foundation of a people, sacred things, could be Prophet's death, and was not pubguides by students of Book of Mormoved from place to place by dilished until thirtyeight years after mon geography. vine help. the Prophet's death.

First, it is known by revelation However, the hill known today Fifth, a statement from the days the of father the that Adam, in northern human as Cumorah quoted, seldom Smith, New York of Joseph territory the near or lived in race, point. fixed, known is a subject. In the Times bears on this

state of Misthe as known now in the statement Com- a Fourth, a Zarahemla, 1842, Seasons, and 2 bearing no has souri. This generally very been has on pendium city, is partgreat Book of Mormon since geography, of Mormon Book book, This the Church. accepted by of ruins the ly identified with

it deals with a period long before published in 1882, dealing with the Quirigua, spoken of in Stephens'the coming of Book of Mormon peodoctrines of the gospel, was comgreat book Incidents of Travel in ple to America. piled by Franklin D. Richards and Central America, Chiapas and

Second, on the journey into James A. Little. Elder Richards Yucatan. 7 The article in the Times

ApWashburn, An of of the Council N. them: & J. a member J. A. 1Among was that stated positively Seasons and Geography, Mormon of Book the to Study of proach Little, a A. and the Twelve, James Cumorah Ferguson, S. necessarily T. not 1939); while Zarahemla, Utah, (Prove

Ricks, Joel 1947); Mo. Independence, Where? in the trusted elder (Continued page 596) on prominent and Or- (1940); Lands Mormon of Book Geography of

American Ancient of Landmarks rin Wilde, G. Utah, City, (Salt 1886) 289 Lake Compendium (Salt the 'History Lake City, Utah, Church of 'Ideal'Book Layton, C. "An Lynn People (1947); in Central Stephens L. Incidents 7John 2:79 Era, 19021932) Improvement Geography"(The of Mormon 1841 ) Yucatan, Chiapas, York and America, of (NewTravel 1:15 *Ibid 1938). 41:394, July

vol. ch. 118. VII 2, p. 6: 15:11 6:2. 8:2; Ether EMormon (January 1950) 53:42 Era Improvement 2The

JULY 1950 ii p lEEK HRSTthe

lief that even a boy from a small town might be able to hold his own with students of the great eastern CHw universities. He concluded that with

the help of the Lord he could realize his ambition. With that conviction Itarwllftttrto

and the encouragement of his parents, he determined to go east.

But he had never before been HKJ il)il)BeR away from home. He admits his

fear about facing the world alone.

The solution was natural: He proItei

posed to his sweetheart, Lorena K.

Chipman, that they be married and go to the University of Chicago on their honeymoon. tiaind tta iftte?<Kta!

About this time, John Henry Smith, then a member of the Council of the Twelve, visited Provo.

all his gathered timid youth The

DR. HARVEY FLETCHER f great to see the went and courage

man, laid before him his desires, teletalk a on time you blessing. Speaking for a asked andEach

listen or to a radio, phone, Elder Lord, the of see in the name

Honorary Membership award. time picture; each "'seek a moving the man: told young Smith

sound comes magnified to your ye first the kingdom of God, and his ears over a public address system, righteousness,'(Matt. 6:33) and until he had won his goal. His

or a new world is opened by means you shall enjoy success in the plan worked. Soon his industry

of a hearing aid, you are benefiting things you undertake to do."and ability were recognized, and

from the work of Harvey Fletcher, But when the boyishlooking he was offered a position with the the modest scientist from Utah who Mormon arrived at the Chicago school of education with the assignbecame director of physical reschool, the officials were unwilling ment to assist in preparing science searchlaboratories—andin one of thewhoworld'sat the greatsame toBrighamadmit Younghim toUniversitygraduate countedstudy. coursesThis putof study.him intimately in touch

time presided over the activities of for little in their minds. The with a young assistant professor

the Church in the nation's largest further fact that he had had only who later was to be recognized as city. three years of undergraduate one of the great scientists of the

Harvey Fletcher was a Provo, courses made it unthinkable that world—Robert A. Millikan. At the

Utah, boy who worked on a Utah he should do graduate work. time, Millikan was trying to isoCounty farm during the summer That was a dark day in Chicago late the electron, and he suggested

months and walked through the for the boy from Utah. But he that young Fletcher work on this

snow and mud of unpaved streets to persisted in his pleadings for an as a subject for his thesis. The

and from Brigham Young Universiopportunity, and finally he was perstudent began by walking to the ty the remainder of the year. The mitted to register as a special stucorner drugstore and purchasing an

faculty recognized his unusual pendent in graduate study with the inexpensive, ordinary atomizer.

chant for mathematics and physics, provision that he take one year of Then, building a simple apparatus, and let him teach while he studied. undergraduate courses. he passed electrical charges through

He completed the prescribed course The first year was a struggle. He a field of atomized oil. Millikan

in three years and received a had borrowed money to pay his had been trying to do the same

Bachelor of Science degree. That way on the theory that he would thing with atomized water but with

was in 1907. put everything he had into the first little success.

This was something of an year's study and try to build such Harvey Fletcher's microscope reachievement, and it served to plant a reputation that the school would vealed a startling thing. The elecin Harvey Fletcher's mind the behelp him find a way to continue tricity moved by particles, and not

548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA kingdom of GOP../'

The story of Harvey Fletcher, the great scientist - a humble man who believed implicitly

rutCRleu EXECUTIVE SECRETARY. CHURCH RADIO, PUBLICITY AND

MISSION LITERATURE COMMITTEE Harvey Fletcher and Leopold Stokowski in 1933 just prior to Stereophonic demonstration of the Philadelphia as Orchestra's symphonic music being transmitted from Academy of Music in Philadelphia to Constitution Hall a continuous flow, as had been basis of this On the research, in Washington, D. C. generally supposed. schoolEach Robert A. Millikan received the

day afternoon for two years he Nobel Prize. And from this disworked on this project, handin- covery has sprung the awesome dark three years earlier had become

hand with Millikan. In 1910 the field of electronics. cloudless and full of promise.

results their of work were anIn three time years In he had of 1911 made June the young man to the nounced world. Newspapers his deficiencies, first undergraduate up at who had been refused enand science journals over the nahad performed experiments to trance which the school Chicago took tion carried the of names Millikan led to his a of physical theory doctoral new matexamination. walked He Fletcher for and demonstrating the ter, in first received to the and had the meet examining board atomic electricity, of nature for and citation "highest honors"ever trembling, but prayerful. he And isolating a single electron and the of University first awarded Chiby out walked the with summa cum measuring the electricity of amount of Physics. cago laude ever Department granted the And by Physics

it carried.

he it without had ever done spend"Department of the University of

One day there came to the laboraChicago. ing a Sabbath day in study!

tory the genius of General Electric,

Charles P. Steinmetz. He had Graduation also brought an offer He had abstained from Sunday

traveled from Schenectady to tell from the Western Electric Laborastudy because of a religious princito do research, ple. But he has observed many the youthful theorists that he did tories in New York

not believe what they claimed to and an opportunity from the unitimes since that people generally have discovered. All that afterversity to join its faculty. The can accomplish more if they work

noon the boy from Provo demonChicago sky that had seemed so {Continued on page 582) strated to the wizard of the electrical world. After peering for hours

through a microscope, Steinmetz left, still shaking his head, but convinced of the truthfulness of the discovery and pondering its tremendous implications.

LORENA K. CHIPMAN Phyllis, the only daughFLETCHER ter of the Fletchers. The five sons of the Fletchers.

JULY 1950 549 YearRound rogram

M.I. A. Left the presidency of the superintendency The and to A June Conference Report

S.right, R. Curtis, President seated: Superintendent Bertha Elbert Reeder.

Standing, left to right, LaRue C. Longden, 2nd counselor in the

Y.W.M.I.A.; David S. King, 2nd assistant to the Y. M.M.I. A.; A. Walter

Stevenson, 1st assistant in the Y.M.M.I. A., and Emily H. Bennett, 1st

counselor in the Y.W.M.I.A. basis in many of these sports. However, the point was made that the

matter of competitive sports should three full days in June, Mutual will this "largest basketball league be more or less confined within stake limits. Active games, quiet ForImprovement Association workin the world"be limited to M Men

ers from the stakes and many of participation. The program is now games, relays, musical games of all

the missions of the Church gathered expanded to fill a need of increased kinds were demonstrated. These

in Salt Lake City to learn about activity for men from eighteen come directly from the new Recreathe new yearround program of the through twentyfour. Larger wards, tion Handbook which was presented

M.I. A. The occasion was the anif desirable, will be permitted to at the June conference. Mass parnual M.I.A. conference, held June sponsor more than one team in stake ticipation was demonstrated, show16, 17, and 18. Those present play. ing leaders how to take the whole

witnessed or participated in drama, An innovation for the 1950- M.I.A. and keep the groups interdance, music, and speech festivals, 51 season will be that of allowing ested and active in fun recreation

and many of them took part in junior college basketball lettermen evenings. The handicraft workshop

special recreation and camp instito participate. showed work that is planned for

tutes held the two days preceding Other eligibility changes are outeach department during the year, formal opening of the conference. lined in the new Athletic Handbook. sensing the need of every person to

It is a new program in many reDuring conference sessions, the be able to create something with his hands. spects, built for the needs of the second allChurch basketball coachpresent upon the foundations of the ing school was conducted in the For the first time in history, the session was one past. New activities, new age Deseret Gymnasium. Clinic and M MenGleaner

groupings, new responsibilities, new group discussions were conducted department, as general board leadmethods of accomplishing goals are for the allChurch softball program ers stressed the fact that the two features of the 195051 yearround (junior and senior), volleyball, and departments are now one in activity, program. tennis. Interest in the softball acorganization, and lesson work.

MenScouting is being carried to tivity is mounting, with more ward Also for the first time, M the elevenyear-old boys in the teams than ever before registering Gleaner stake leaders were guests dinner at a questionand-answer for this season. becomes Church.* a boy When which session at the Lion House, at Volleyball, with the first Church autoof age, fourteen years he now

general answered board members in just tournament concluded May, matically and an Explorer, becomes leaders. questions by stake is all of the written throughout catching on at seventeen he joins the Junior M and Men Group. Bee Hive Girls now stakes. Keen interest was exhibited The revised Master M Men

complete their work in two years; in this sport by those in attendance. Golden Gleaner programs, with the

fourteenand fifteenyear-old girls It speaks well for the future of this age limits for these awards raised will be members of the new Mia sport, open to all men over sevento thirty, and requirements standMaid class. At sixteen they become teen in all wards and stakes in the ardized, were also put into effect.

Junior Gleaners, and at nineteen Church. Dance, drama, speech, and song,

they join with the young men nineTennis, golf, and table tennis inseparable parts of the M.I.A. proteen years of age and older in a were presented and discussed as gram, were woven into the meetings

to go on by a series of demonstrations showjoint M MenGleaner class. Young possibly the next sports men and women between the ages an allChurch competitive basis. ing their part in the M MenGleaner

of twentyfive and twentynine can Socialtype recreation was program for 195051. A pageant,

stressed in the Young Women's introducing a program designed to choose between the M MenGleaner class and the Special Interest group. recreation department. Active account for every person of M Menin every basketball, and as softball, Gleaner age ward sports such In department, the athletic M presented. in the table tennis, tennis, volleyball, Church, was and stake basketball has been replaced Men

breakfast by allChurch basketball. No more archery were discussed with the The Master M Men

idea in mind of joining forces with Saturday morning and the Golden a special article *For on the elevenyear-old the young men on a competitive Gleaner banquet Friday evening 565. program Scout see page

550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be expected to live. This motto was gave thanks for a Church which

adapted from a description of Sir furnished such opportunities to its

Galahad in the Idylls of the King: young people. Again, in recogniz-

"My strength is as the strength of ing Church members who live in of the M.I.A. ten,Onwhene'erthe eveningmy heartof Juneis 1pure."5 several outlyingbrought stakes,from California,the entr'actesOregon,were

thousand people witnessed two perand Washington. There were

formances of the drama festival in no professionals used in the presendrew their usual overflow crowds. Kingsbury Hall. Approximately tation; dancers, readers, and all

A flipover presentation of the three hundred young people partiwere recruited from the actual memnew fivepoint Special Interest procipated. It was notable that all acts, bership of the M.I.A.

gram was one of the highlights of with one exception, were brought It has been said that the song of the Special Interest sessions. This from outlying areas of the Church. the righteous is a prayer unto God.

new treatment of Special Interest The one original act, entitled Certainly, on Saturday evening, work points up with dramatic illus- "RoundUp Varieties,"written by eight thousand thrilled persons reatrations the five important phases Sister Jeannette Morrell, was prelized the truth of this, as between of the new program for Special Insented by general board members fifteen hundred and eighteen hunterest groups throughout the with the idea of showing drama dred young people raised their

Church. The vital part that these people in the Church the possibilivoices in song. Under the direction

groups can play in reviving interest ties of presenting minstreltype of Brother Crawford Y. Gates, the

among Church members over shows in other ways, and particularsinging reached heights seldom twentyfive is highlighted with effecly the use of this type of drama in heard. Again, the actual particitive ways of making this part of the summer. pation was by nonprofessionals.

M.I.A. work interesting to a larger On the evening of June 16, before Sister Lela Peterson from California

number of people. an audience of more than twenty thrilled her hearers with her lovely

An important part of the program thousand, more than four thousand soprano voice. The incidental

was a demonstration of highly sucyoung people danced in a glorious music written by Luacine Clark cessful features used by various dance festival. A spiritual note ran Fox, to President J. Reuben Clark's

Special Interest groups in the stakes through the festival as the reader "Hymn to the Seed of Ephraim and and wards of the Church. Special at the beginning and at the close (Continued on page 598)

emphasis was given to the project of having a YOUNG MARRIED GROUP in each ward. This group,

in many cases separate from the rest of the members, is composed of young married people whose interests are much the same, and who not only meet for classwork and instruction but also plan activities especially suited to their needs and desires.

A meeting of the Junior M Men leaders brought about the full announcement of the program for the young men of the Church aged seventeen and eighteen years. This

new program is built around the field of chivalry, because in this field, doing right and proper things is glamorized and made more conducive to popular acclaim and favorable reception.

The following pledge characterizes the Junior M Men program:

"I will reverence God, honor my priesthood, and respect womanhood.

"I will be charitable to the needy, honest, merciful, and just, and subject to all constituted authority."

An official crest has been prepared which characterizes the salient features of this new program.

This crest will be the official insignia of the group. It bears a motto

by which every Junior M Man will

JULY 1950 of its wealth of corn and berries, valleys where formerly they had and there was great harvest to be lived peacefully together, sharing ta&en. with each other the bounteous crops

The years of plenty, however, of their fields. Many were killed

in the fierce encounters, and the gathering of the harvest was neglected.

<L(,zaevi theThesightGreatof Spirit,war anddispleasedbloodshed,with

ILY

vL5u /John Jkerman l/l/alher Utah's state flower, the deli- J catelyblossomed white wild lily with the edible, nutritious root, was venerated by the Indians fostered a greedy feeling of rivalry sent a chastising heat over the lush long before the pioneers traversed among the tribesmen and soon the mountain valleys, and soon the the Utah valleys and found the Eutaws were vying, family with blighted corn shriveled in the husk succulent plant in snowy masses family and camp with camp, to see and the berries dried on their vines.

along the foothills of the Rockies. who could store the most of the Over all the land of the Eutaws

According to legend, the peaceplentiful crops for the winter. clouds of ill omen hung darkly, and

ful valleys of the Eutaws were once Bitter fighting with tomahawk for many moons only gloom and peopled by many tribal families and and bow took the place of the fear hovered about the valleys, and the smoke from many tepees rose peaceful pursuits of gathering corn hot sands whirled over the parched tranquilly to the raingiving skies. and berries, and the warring braves earth, searing the dwindling crops.

The fruitful land gave abundantly fought continually in the hills and At last the frightened and repentant people cast their lances and tomahawks aside and, falling... prayed to the Great Spirit to assuage their upon their knees, prayed to the

sorrow and deliver them from the disaster that Great Spirit to assuage their sorrow threatened to leave them slowly starving to death. and deliver them from the disaster

that threatened to leave them slowly starving to death.

In compassion, the Great Spirit heard their prayers and sent the lifegiving sun and gentle rains again across the great valleys of the mountains and covered the hills with the beautiful blooms of the sego lilies, whose bulbous roots held nourishing food, which the Indians dug and tasted, finding them sweet and palatable.

With grateful hearts, the relieved people gazed toward the heavens, knowing that the Great Spirit had heard their prayers and had sent them the sweet segos to save them from starvation. There, on the

peaceful, flowerdotted hills, the

Eutaw tribesmen solemnly vowed never to fight again upon the ground where the sweet sego lilies bloom,

KymtrtJf and, it is told, to this day the promise has never been broken.

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 6611 If A R RI A GE is man cannot bring to

I W| sweet in righthis bride the blessings eousness."of a celestial marriage

True prophets of all in the house of the ages have advised Lord unless he holds marriage within one's the Melchizedek own religious group. Priesthood. Nor will

Anciently, when the the priesthood of a

Lord brought the chilfine Latterday Saint dren of Israel out of '4 boy entitle him to this

Egypt, he commanded blessing if his bride is that believers should not worthy of entering not marry unbelievers. the temple.

He told them such a What is the anunion would cause swer? Parents, help

them to stray from the your children to secure

Church and to follow a testimony of the gosother gods and that his pel. Teach your chilanger would be kindren the sacredness

dled against them. and privilege of a temSamson's disregard for the Lord's 'Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts ple marriage. Help them to realize

law of marriage when he sought a that temple marriage is a saving wife among the Philistines resujted ordinance of the gospel, the same as in great suffering to many and baptism is, and is necessary forfinally in Samson's death. What a exaltation in the celestial kingdom.

Modern prophets have echoed the Set an example by the pattern of ancient admonition. Mothers in your own marriage. Young peoIsrael were warned by Brigham ple, live worthy of a marriage inYoung to teach their daughters to CHANCE the house of the Lord. Choose your

marry in the Church, and that if associates carefully; take advantage

they did not, they would surely take of ward and stake recreation; wherelose their crowns. Vou the choice is yours, attend our

The advice of President Joseph F. Church schools. Counsel with your

Smith was "that believer and unparents and heed the advice of ourbeliever should not be yoked to- &y Church leaders. Make your choice

gether, for sooner or later, in time of a mate a matter of earnest or in eternity, they must be divided ASS'T PROFESSOR OF BIOLOGY, prayer.

again.... I would like to see LatterEASTERN OREGON COLLEGE Oh, the joy our Father in heaven

day Saint women marry Latterday has in store for us if we will but

Saint men...; let Methodists marabide his law!

ry Methodists, Catholics marry

Catholics, Presbyterians marry Yes, but, oh, the chance you There is a law, irrevocably decreed in

Presbyterians, and so on to the take! The nonmember wife or husheaven... upon which all blessings are

limit."band does at times join the Church, predicated

An appeal made to our youth by but such cases are relatively few. And when we obtain any blessing from

is that to law upon by obedience God, it teaching regarding marmixedDr. reads, John A. Widtsoe "Youth The

it is predicated. C. 130:2021.) (D. which & riages to Latterday is not peculiar Israel,of within marry the Church.

... Human experience and safe Saints alone. Other churches and

counsel are clearly against 'mixed'marriage specialists advise against marriages. The countless cases on it. Data compiled by them indicate

record are full evidence that more that marriages are more successful joy is realized, more usefulness atif both husband and wife have the tained, when persons of the same same religious beliefs. An article

faith marry."published in the Catholic Register

Some of our young people ask, stated that CatholicProtestant "Why this discrimination against mixed marriages are three times as those who happen not to believe as liable to end in divorce or separation we do? Many of them live lives as nontnixed marriages.

which would be a credit to a LatterIs the stand of the Church a day Saint. Haven't some of the discrimination against the integrity

faithful members been brought inof young people not of our faith?

to the Church because of marriage No, but even with the highest moral to good Latterday Saints?"and spiritual -standards, a young

JULY 1950;;v,?-. 553

kieviealoau & <uJavid C-.

1 795, in in the year Early Purley, Ljamner English secluded Berkshire, a village, William, the eldest son of Barnard Ballard and Mary his wife, Pearch was born. Before William had

reached his first birthday his mother had been laid to rest in that country churchyard, leaving Barnard Ballard with three infant children. IlIGENTLY..."

In 1797, Barnard Ballard married

Ann Avery at Purley, and in the next fourteen years seven more children were added to the family.

The eldest son, William, early in life began to feel that he would be much happier away from the crowded home of his father, and in 1805, while yet a youngster of ten was severely criticized by his years, he obtained work in another brothers who disowned him, and locality, eventually living in the adhe suffered the disapproval of his joining county of Hampshire. parents.

At the age of twentyfive years, In England, 1849 was a plague

William Ballard met Hannah, the year and thousands of victims died daughter of George and Hannah after a two or threeday illness.

Russell of Hannington, and the Henry Ballard contracted typhoid registers of the ancient parish show fever, but through the administhat they married October 16, 1820. tration of the L.D.S. elders he

was healed. This healing, in conBy profession, William was a nection with the teachings and

gardener, and for most of his martestimony of Henry Ballard, conried life in England, he lived in verted his father and mother, Wilthe caretaker's house on the estate of an English nobleman, near Cold

Ash Common, Thatcham, Berkshire. It was here that their four

sons, Charles, George, John, and

Henry were born.

John and George eventually beMELVIN J. BALLARD

came carriage builders and were enabled to set up a prosperous business near London. revelations, and became desirous of

Henry, the youngest son, was attending to the ordinances on behalf sent to school at Thatcham, where of their deceased relatives. In the

his alertness was noticed by WilWILLIAM BALLARD HANNAH BALLARD forty and more years since William liam Harris, the headmaster. At Ballard left his father's home in

the age of sixteen years, Henry seliam and Hannah (Russell) Ballard, Purley, he had had practically no cured work on a farm owned by and they were baptized in the fall contact with his kindred. He

William Northaway. of 1849. had worked on distant farms, marWhile working in the fields, Honoring the call of the Church ried a girl from the next county, and

Henry became acquainted with to strengthen and pioneer the reared his family at some distance

Joseph Kimber, a farm hand. It was western territories of America, from his birthplace. In those days

through him that Henry learned of Henry Ballard left England in Janutravel was restricted to the distance

Mormonism and listened to the ary 1852. Owing to Henry's many walked in daylight, and as there

message of the restored gospel and delays while crossing the plains, was very little spare time from farmthe ushering in of the Dispensation William and Hannah, who left ing, it was not unusual for families of the Fulness of Times. Being soon England at a later date, were the to become parted and even esconvinced by the truth, he was first to arrive in Utah. The family tranged. Busily engaged as a

baptized in February 1849. This eventually settled in Cache Valley. gardener on a large estate and later

brought public condemnation upon William and Henry Ballard were pioneering in a new country, Wilthe Ballard household, and Henry firm believers in the latterday liam had kept no written record of 554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA his father's people. All the names of the genealogical society, exit may be supposed that in the

that he could recollect in old age amined the possibilities for further latter years of his life he had were those of his father and research, and during his visit to left Purley and resided in the mother and three of his brothers, England discussed the matter with home of one of his children, without any dates and places of the author. all of whom had been engaged in

their births and deaths. Census records which had been agriculture and were unlikely to

In 1887 when Henry Ballard represerved but long held as confihave traveled far from Purley.

turned to England on a twoyear dential were now open for public What should be done to find the mission, he made numerous unsucresearch. Probate records prerecord of these children and estabcessful attempts to trace his father's viously in local custody were now lish them in the villages where they

had chosen to reside?

In 1851 a census of every household was taken; these records clearages, relaly state the full names,

of trades, tionships, and birthplacesVlew cLiakt on the OjSaltard jramilii

LYialidh f\ecora6 inchildrenEngland.mightPerhapsbe foundsome ofin thesethis wm every person in every household

census and thus form a connecting ancestry. He visited a number of accessible in London, and methods link between them and the burial

his relatives who were not able to of research and verification had place of Barnard Ballard. The

impart information or were unwillbeen improved. In view of these map of Berkshire was examined;

ing to state what they knew. Sixty facts, it was decided to start at Purley village pinpointed; and the

years ago all present sources of the beginning, commencing with the surrounding villages noted.

genealogical investigation were not families of William Ballard and The 1851 census, available in available, and he was unable to his father Barnard Ballard. the legal search room of the Public

obtain advice from a genealogist. Briefly, it was known that the Record Office, London, was searchIn the fifty years since then, evibirth of Barnard Ballard's youngest ed. Nine families of Ballard were

dence has been persistently sought child, Caroline, was recorded in traced in the records of twentyseven villages searched before the following remarkable and exciting entry was found:

Parish of Tilehurst, Berkshire: Household

of David Swaine.

Head DAVID SWAINE, age 30, agricultural, born Aldermaston, Berkshire;

wife ANN SWAINE, age 26, born Tilehurst, Berkshire; lodger BARNET BALLARD, age 88, agricultural, born Ufton,

Berkshire.

This search was more successful

HENRY BALLARD THOMAS McNEIL, JR. JANET (REID) McNEIL MARGARET (McNEIL) than had been anticipated, for here, BALLARD

judging from his age and the locality, was evidently the ancestor which would trace Barnard Ballard Purley registers in 1811. Research Barnet Ballard (an alternative

and his wife Mary and establish at Purley had established that spelling for Barnard Ballard), age their parentage and ancestry. Of Barnard Ballard had not died there eightyeight years, and therefore

1 763 in Ufton, the parish these attempts two are worthy of after 1811. No will was found in born about

note. the probate courts which would where the records from 1742 to

The Purley parish records were have identified the place where he 1812 had been lost.

searched by the late George Minns had died. What happened to him In the many instances where

back to the year 1662, but nothing was a mystery! parish registers are missing, a dupliearlier was found than the birth, in England has no central index to cate record may be traced in the

1792, of Ann, the sister of William deaths before the year 1837. Unmuniments of the diocesan office.

Ballard, and the marriages of 1797 less the place of death is known, No time was lost in visiting the verified that Barnard Ballard marit is not possible to locate an entry diocesan office at Salisbury, to find ried Ann Avery, his second wife. in a register without extensive that documents known as bishops'

The record of his first marriage to searches through the records of transcripts gave details of births

Mary was not found, and so it perhaps a score or more villages and deaths at Ufton for the missing seemed that the ancestry of one of within a few miles of the last known period. The searching of these old

Utah's pioneers was to remain unresidence. dusty parchments which are strung

solved. Known facts concerning Barnard together on catgut and rolled into

In the summer of 1947, ArchiBallard included that he was bundles, revealed an entry:

bald F. Bennett, general secretary the father of ten children, and (Continued on following page)

JULY 1950 555 SEARCH DILIGENTLY (Continued from preceding page) Ufton in the year 1790, one being lished him as one of the six children

Christened at UFTON NERVET: the ancestor John Ballard, victualof John and Ann Barefoot. A search

1763, 8 August son BARNARD of ler, to married Barefoot, registers Tilehurst who 1 630 in back Mary wife. and Mary his BALLARD JOHN the other Senr., Ballard, and further ancestry, reveal did not any John

Searching through earlier years farmer, whose will is noted above, but in the nearby town of Reading, and who was undoubtedly the in the records of the Church of revealed the marriage of John Ballard, 18 January 1760 at Ufton father of the victualler. Saint Mary was found the marriage

Nervet to Mary Barefoot, giving the Further searching in the wills reof John Barefoot to Ann Dewberry, record of a new line to trace. The vealed one probated 26 July 1757 18 June 1693.

which referred to the John Ballard Again recourse to the probate scrutiny of the Ufton Nervet at records buried who was demonstrated their imporUfton 25 June bishops'transcripts to back 1608 1 757. tance, for This will, very lengthy was a in the there was found did not bring to light clear any

: record of earlier ancestry. However, extending over several pages, statadministration of the estate of John

these parchments did give details ing that John Ballard was a yeoman, Barefoot in 1722, that he was deof several brothers and sisters of possessing four farms in the parish scribed as a husbandman, and in

Barnard Ballard as well as the of Ufton, and naming his wife the same probate court was recorded burials and baptisms of Ballards Elizabeth and at least twentysix an administration naming a James of several generations without diof his close relatives to whom he Barefoot, also a husbandman, who bequeathed his property, including had died at Purley in 1672, the rectly identifying their exact relationship to Barnard Ballard. The his grandson John Ballard who was same village where the emigrant

marriage of Barnard Ballard to his the son of John Ballard. He apancestor William Ballard was born

first wife, Mary, was not found in pointed as joint executors his sons in 1795. Whether this James Barenamed John Ballard and Jonathan foot was the ancestor and father the Ufton records, but by extending

careful check of all of John Barefoot could only be the search to transcripts from nearBallard. A

known data from Ufton identifies solved by a visit to Purley church. by villages to Ufton, a document

was found which stated that on the this John Ballard, yeoman farmer, Meeting the parish minister of who died in 1 757, as the greatPurley in the town of Reading we tenth of January 1792, Barnet Ballard of Purley married Mary Elms grandfather of Barnard Ballard and went to this quiet secluded parish at Tidmarsh. Thus another maiden the fourthgreat-grandfather of the church, set in the beautiful English

surname was brought to light, this late Elder Melvin J. Ballard. countryside. A search of the Purtime the line of the mother of WilAmong the probate records there ley registers revealed that our John

liam Ballard. was an administration of the estate Barefoot had been christened 1 June

of 1666, Perer of the one three Barefoot children of had who been it all possible to identify the Was in buried the parish Elizabeth same and James Barefoot. of Ufton The families Ballard obtained from Ufin 1771. Letters registers earlier of than administration 1662 had been

registers ton trace the perhaps and lost, to had been so further granted Barefoot ancestry Barefoot, John

Ballard ancestry further?

son of the deceased because Mary will require tracing through other

The probate records of the archBarefoot, the widow had renounced contemporary records.

deaconry Berkshire in once kept of her claim. this a to clue the Was already As noted, M.<ry Appleby city the of Oxford, availwere now parentage of Barefoot Mary who in had married at 1734 Tilehurst

at able Somerset House, London. the of wife was Ballard? John Peter Barefoot, she and was dewill of Ballard, atThe buried John birth of The year Barefoot Mary scribed as a resident of the parish

in It 1810, Ufton found. was was was approximated as 17391740 of Woolhampton, Berks. From 10 proved states 1810, and May from the in age recorded the burial Reading to Woolhampton a was that Ballard, he victualler, was John at book Ufton, she having been journey through pleasant country

his he bequeathed and property to buried there 5 April 1820, aged lanes, the fields green and woods to his wife five of his Mary and eighty years. Several nearby parreflecting the quiet spirit of and

sonsin-law. This was clearly the ishes had been searched for her calmness of a summer in England.

John Ballard who married Mary birth, but it was not until the regisArriving at the old village, a stiff

Barefoot in 1760, and father of ters of Tilehurst were scruticlimb up the hill was rewarded by

Barnard Ballard. nized that the following entry conthe appearance of the ancient

Another will was found which firmed the supposition: Church, of the vicar on his bicycle,

identified a Ballard John who had eager desirous to and in help proChristened at Berks: TILEHURST, at buried been 20 Ufton November ducing the from safe the old parch1739, of daughter MARY

will 1790. This proved was registers ment permitting and an 23 PETER 2 JulyAND BAREFOOT. MARY

November 1790 and stated that the examination of the old English deceased was John Ballard, Senr., and resulted in the finding of a script. After some effort the

of Ufton, "farmer and yeoman."family group of four children. christening of Mary Appleby on

In it he mentioned his wife ElizaPeter Barefoot was a yeoman 22 January 1709/10 was found.

beth and "my children."A carefarmer, and he married, at TileThis identified her as the daughter

ful scrutiny of the information from hurst 29 December 1734, Mary Apof John Appleby who had marUfton transcripts shows that there pleby of Woolhampton. His birth ried, 30 December 1705, Martha

were two John Ballards living in record at Tilehurst in 1707 estab- (Concluded on page 580) 556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ETE

-BOOK d5t4m Cuaene(L-umne \-slSeviLsidi

have heard of a lot of sillythings 4n my time, but the

I worst is about Pete Messick.

Pete is a cheerful, goodnatured farmer and one of my best friends. He came

into my store the other day and said, "George, that book has whipped me again."He didn't wait for me to finish adding up my accounts but went right on.

"I got four of the best friends man ever had and bought every one cheap.":..;. '::

I him. "Dogs?"asked It is said '*!%

friend. that best man's a dog is 'JVe been fighting that

"I mean people, families. When I book for years, but

to school I read a book. was off -It it's no use"might been Emerson's Essays. have

Anyway it said that a man could not came over and wanted me to work give away anything without getting for him for about ten days. He was

back an equal reward,"nice to work for, and the wages were for the to he good. pay came it. I When believe "I don't year Every "all see,"continued, Pete these "You I that insisted absolutely he work, give to skuldugers, groceries away who I things, giving times been I had and

I for that helped time take had pay bills. theirwon't pay Reminds me—I I started. before dewhipped was insisted in that the aphay. he He it, "I either,"believe don't cut he that cided to give something good was

it preciated help than he more any in, I've fighting that been "and book couldn't something but and worth be ever had."had it's for years, but use."hoisted no He in kind. returned idea the I got from

himself up on the counter. I could see that Pete was not too you, George,"

lit his smile a disappointed because up "I think—""Me?"lingered. the as face memory

tell it,"inter- "Let about he you me I offended. won't "Yes, be hope you

I said, that,""Anyone do would justrupted. kid, a I was Mr. "When liver that I didn't then had you know field."tired big day, man, "Hot field in theLords came where were I we at to trouble. look used and you

at frowned. and Pete looked mehaying, lazy and and give out I was to "I say has 'George money my wife,

I the time next and was deterfor interruption.and glad an He know, a store, but happy. he isn't and

shoved me off the wagon and made mined to fix it so there was no chance wouldn't trade our nothing for allI me go and play. He talked business for a comeback. My wife and I had his wealth. You never used to smile

with my father for two loads of hay, agreed that there was too much trador speak when I passed you, and weand I was wishing he would talk ing of gifts on Christmas. We worked thought you were stuckup and stingy.

longer. The point is, he worked for it out that we would get a nice present So I decided I would speak and say

us and never got any reward or pay. for someone we hardly knew. We good morning every time I saw you.

I thought the world of him until he picked out the Quincy family because I could give a smile, and I knew you died."Pete stopped, and it almost they had had more than their share of couldn't return it.

It's luck year. that great hard fun like there in a tearlooked the was five ago. years This "That was for a present planning someone is hiscorner eye. who of rather Pete I thinking, to got morning and I knew

I it can't back. guess spent paysentimental. we again. are whipped one I was You first five dollars, in for the and time he—"Maybe I of the friends best have, and you I life really giving enjoyed a my thinking that got that in "I wasn't job particof that paid well him so me present.

ular,"he went on. "I was thinking of I've saved money for the first time

that book and how I decided to show "At about eleven o'clock we slipped in my life. Then you told me how to

that it was all wrong. It was on a down to their place and laid the present put the savings into calves which

on thesultry beef. last that I soon be This day in July step, knocked on the door and would walked week over

it."Best'sto I sold five farm. Mr. and them thousand out beat made was He

bunching hay. I got a pitchfork from "Did it work?"I asked. clear."

his stackyard and went out and told "It backfired. The next morning There was a real and genuine tear

him that he needed company. We early, Mr. Quincy was up to our place in his eye now. He slipped off the

worked hard to finish that hay by with a ten dollar present. Couldn't counter and headed for home, but as

night. afford it, either. We felt terrible."he went through the door he was

"Well, four months went by, and I had often wondered why the smiling.

I was happy because I had done work Quincys were such good friends to "Whipped again,"he said, "and by with no reward. Then one day Best Pete. This explained it. a confounded book,"

JULY 1950 557 TOTAL SUBSCRIPTIONS SOUTH LOS ANGELES STAKE, first row left to right: President William Martin Harris, Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"director; Katherine Warner, Y.W.M.I.A.

Noble Waite; Clifford B. Wright, first counselor in the presidency; "Era"tra airecior.director.

Harold F. Whittier, second counselor in the presidency; Marvin E. BEN LOMOND STAKE, first row left to right: President Wm. Arthur

Jacobson, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; Hortense Steed, Y.W.M.I.A. Budge; Clarence A. Neuenschwander, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; Flora

president.MOUNT OGDEN STAKE, second row: President Earl S. Paul; James T.- R.director.director.Cragun, Y.W.M.I.A. president; Robert R. Hull, Y.M.M.I.A.Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"

Underwood, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; Clara Price, Y.W.M.I.A. presiNORTH DAVIS STAKE, second row: President George Harold Holt;

dent; D. Lyle Wynn, counselor and "Era"director; Alpha Clark, Wilmer S. Barlow, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; LaVon H. Reid, Y.W.M.I.A.

Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"director. president; LeRoy Sainsbury, Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"director; Drucilla Moore,

available). director (no Y.W.M.I.A. photo "Era"third STAKE, President row: A. Christensen; EMIGRATION George

Virgil third Bert Spongberg; row: President H. STAKE, BEACH LONG Richards, George LaMont Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; Matilda Gerrard,

presi- Y.M.M.I.A. Sheldon, superintendent; Barnes, Y.W.M.I.A. Dorothy J. president; Y.W.M.I.A. Reuel Alder, director; Y.M.M.I.A "Era"

Miller, Miller, director; dent; Y.M.M.I.A. Alta Clay Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"Clawson, Vida Fox Y.W.M.I.A. director. "Era"

director. "Era"

fourth row: STAKE, President E. Laurence David OGDEN PresidentPresident ElmerElmer fourth ChristenChristen- row: STAKE, MartinMartin COTTONWOOD Clarke, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; presiTaggart, Lynette S. Y.W.M.I.A.Burton; J.J. sen; Brinton, Morris,Morris, '*ndent; superintendent; K. GaylGayl Marshall Y.M.M.I.A.

dent; Joseph Drimmelen, Y.M.I. A. Van director; "Era"Oborn, Beth,.,..!. F. p-esident; director.director. Y.W.M.I.A. Kikkert, Y.M.M.I.A. John A. "Era""Era"

director. Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"LS iLJIULPI E.E. M(\L, fifthfifthtllt.lt IVTT.row:row: Barlow;Barlow; IPresidentPresident GarrettGarrett JlSTAKE,STAKE, ReldonReldon INGLEWOOD INGLEWOOD

RIGBY STAKE, fifth row: President George Christensen; William J. G. Pinney, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent and "Era'director; Marion V.

Raymond, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; LaRue Hunter, Y.W.M.I.A. president; Peterson, Y.W.M.I.A. president and "Era"director

66Modern Missionary Campaign"...

and has set several new records for signal honors in the campaign and $u dokn <=Jj. Ljited achievement by wards, stakes, which were selected to receive the

BUSINESS MANAGER branches, and missions throughout newtype PermaPlaque citations:

the Church. Subscriptions—Missions his is a report to Era readers, Space limitations make it imposTotal

sible to to give recognition all who to the Church have outstanding contribumadeT Eraon theworkers,19491950and mismodern Central; 1. 'SouthernStates, States,1,068; 3.4,221;Northwestern2. *North

sionary campaign. tions to this most satisfactory result, States, 1,013; 4. Great Lakes, 882;

More copies of The Improvement but in this report full honors are 5. Central Atlantic States, 836;

Era are now going into homes of given to the leaders in the various (* Double Citation Winner) members of the Church than in groups. Percent of Quota—Missions

any year in Era history. The modCitation winners in missions and

ern missionary campaign has carried stakes include many familiar names, Central1. SouthernStates,States,501%;652%;3. Western2. North

the Era into many homes where but some new ones also appear. Canadian, 430%; 4. Canadian 315%;

it has not previously been received These are the missions which won 5. Central Pacific, 305%;

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA s

T

A K

E

S

PERCENT OF QUOTA

PHOENIX STAKE, first row left to right: President Delbert Leon MINIDOKA STAKE, first row left to right: President J. Melvin

Stapley; Dow Ostlund, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; Edna K. Larson, Toone; Spencer W. Toone, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; Itha Seedall,

Y.W.M.I.A. president; L. L. Driggs, Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"director; Mrs. Y.W.M.I.A. president; Horace M. Hatch, Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"director;

Floyd M. Mack, Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"director. Afton Hatch, Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"director.

Varnell row: President Russon; second John STAKE, M. LOS ANGELES President row: second Chace; C. Alvin A. STAKE, Thomas FLORIDA

presiRozsa, Ntelson, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; R. Y.W.M.I.A. Erma Hill, superintendent; Y.M.M.I.A. Vivienne presiWoolley, Y.W.M.I.A.

director. director; Sessions, H. Y.M.M.I.A. dent Harvey and "Era""Era"Elliott dent; director. B. Woolley, Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"

third Ursenbach; A. row: President Octave STAKE, W. LETHBRIDGE

third President row: John K. Edmunds; STAKE, 0. Thomas CHICAGO Palmer, Delbert Merrill, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; Y.W.M.I.A. Thelma W.

Call, S. superintendent; Y.M.M.I.A. Turner, president; Reeta Y.W.M.I.A. Llewellyn, president; Llewellyn, director; Y.M.M.I.A. Katie "Era"

E. Bradley, Y.M.M.I.A. director; James Christensen, "Era"Dorothy director. Y.W.M.I.A. J."Era"

director. Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"fourth President Clark Butler; row: A. STAKE, David SNOWFLAKE W.

Gardner, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; Lenora P. Hansen, Y.W.M.I.A. SAN DIEGO STAKE, fourth row: President Wallace W. Johnson;

president; Martin D. Bushman, Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"director. Grant B. Hodgson, Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; Kay Calder, Y.W.M.I.A.

SOUTH IDAHO FALLS STAKE, fifth row: President Cecil E. Hart; president; C. W. Greaves, Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"director.

Leonard Y.M.M.I.A. Florence superintendent; Wasden, Y.W.M.I.A. Orme, fifth row: President C. Lloyd STAKE, Walch; Wiley UNION M.

president; A. Hendricks, director; James Jetta Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"Y.M.M.I.A. Pearl superintendent; Hale, Nebeker, Bruce, president; Y.W.M.I.A.

director. Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"director. J. Bateman, G. Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"

The listings given above accentuate the remarkable achievements of the Southern States Mission andOutstanding Success South* Los Angeles Stake, and to only a slightly lesser degree the Southern States Mission—South los Angeles Stake West Minnesota District of the

North Central States Mission.

Set Highest Marts In Era History

Southern States Mission Wins Citation Extraordinary The stakes qualifying for top 13. Long Beach, 661; 14. Cottonwood,

honors are: 660; 15. Inglewood, 651. Southern States Mission set new

alltime records for both total subTotal Subscriptions—Stakes Percent of Quota—Stakes scriptions in stakes and missions

percent of quota. and The remark-

2, 2,132; Angeles 1. * South Los

able total of 1. South Los Angeles, 468%; 2. 4,221 subscriptions 3.* * Phoenix, 1,058; 979; Los Angeles,

4. Mt. Ogden, 928; 5. Emigration, 872; Phoenix, 290%; 3. Los Angeles, 271%; went far beyond any previous rec-

6. *Lethbridge, 856; 7. *Snowflake, 4. Lethbridge, 233%; 5. Snowflake, ord and carried the Era into more

6. South Idaho 227%; Falls, 226%; 9. * 733; 8. 713; Ogden, South Idaho it at received ever than have homes 7. 8. Minidoka, Rigby, 198%; 195%; Falls, 10. 706; 11. *Rigby, 703; Ben in in that territhe past any time 10. 9. Florida, Chicago, 179%; 178%; 12. 685; Davis, Lomond, North 681;

11. San Diego, 177%; 12. Union, tory.

(* Double Citation Winner) 174%. (Continued on following page)

JULY 1950 559 M

I

SOUTHERN STATES MISSION, first right: President Albert to row, left

first Yarn, coun- S D. Choules; Homer

selor; Leslie D. Gleave, second counselor; George J. Kidd, mission "Era"

director and mission secretary; Lorraine Holmgren, mission "Era"director. S PERCENT OF QUOTA

NORTH CENTRAL NORTHWESTERN STATES MISSION, STATES MISSION, first second row: President Joel Richards; row, left to right;

Helen Ernstrom, mission "Era"director. I Hawkes;President HowardJohn D.B.

di- M.I.A. third row: Millerberg, MISSION, GREAT LAKES

mission rector and Carl Marjorie C. Burton; President

Burgener, M.I. A. supervisor and mis- "Era"director; Todd

sion "Era"director. Cummings, field representative.WESTERN CANADIAN CENTRAL ATLANTIC

row: second MISSION, MISSION, STATES

Glen A. G. Fisher; J. President Glen fourth row: President

Robert Price; F. M. Christensen, Y. M.M.I. A. supervisor and

Henderson, mission second counselor in the presidency;

supervisor; Lois Clayton, Y.W.M.I.A. director; "Era"

supervisor. Lewis, Y.W.M.I.A. Jane N lone mission T. Henderson,

"Era"director. CANADIAN MISSION, third row: President Flayed G. Eyre; Beth Sorenson,

mission recorder.

CENTRAL PACIFIC MISSION, fourth S row: President Melyin A. Weenig.

Era in every Latterday Saint "MODERN MISSIONARY CAMPAIGN"-<c ontinued from preceding page) home.

More and more each year it is The Southern States Mission South Los Angeles also added to being demonstrated that it can be percent of quota (652%) likewise its honors by having every ward in done—that the Era can be placed

set a new allChurch mark for both the stake qualify for the Hall of in every Latterday Saint home.

missions and stakes. Fame—the largest stake ever to It isn't any easy thing to do. No

Nine mission districts out of reach this goal. To recognize real achievement is easy. It retwelve and sixtyone branches properly these most meritorious acquires organization, advance planreached the Hall of Fame, having complishments among stakes, the ning, and above all a success attithe Era in Every Home. This is Citation Extraordinary for stakes tude.

a new record for districts in any was developed. One stake, many wards, and a

mission, adding to the laurels algreat number of mission districts ready won by the Southern States. Leader of Leaders and branches qualified this year,

To this historic mission in the West Minnesota District of proving that such accomplishment

South has been awarded Citation North Central States Mission was is not limited to any group or area.

Extraordinary Number One For awarded the coveted Leader of Leaders in Hall of Fame memMissions, a new honor created to Leaders citation for a record perbers were the South Los Angeles recognize an unparalleled achieveformance in percent of quota, exStake with all ten wards, Southern ment.. ceeding as a mission district any States Mission with nine districts

South Los Angeles Stake Sets previous efforts. In a widely scatand sixtythree branches, West

Alltime Record tered area with few Church families, Minnesota District of North Cennon-member readers were sought, tral States Mission with five

South Los Angeles Stake, sewith most gratifying results. Some groups, Snowflake Stake with five

lected to receive Citation Extraof the local units exceeded previous wards, Phoenix Stake with three, ordinary Number One For Stakes, records—notably Alexandria—and Idaho, St. George, Teton,

set a new alltime mark for total with 12,500% of quota. Mesa, St. Johns, Young, Minidoka,

subscriptions stakes and among finished at the the list top of of Hall of Fame Breaks all tralSouthStatesIdahoMissionFalls withStake,oneandeach.Censtakes in percent of quota. AlRecords Congratulations and commendathough, like the Southern States One of the big surprises of the tions to all Hall of Fame groups!

Mission, South Los Angeles has modern missionary campaign was been reduced in size at various times the remarkable increase in the Phoenix Stake Scores High by substantial margins, it set an allgroups in the Hall of Fame. A

Church record for stakes in total total of eightythree groups in misHere are the honors earned by readers of the Era regardless of sions and stakes qualified for this Phoenix Stake in a campaign where the size of the stake. topranking position by placing the (Continued on page 588)

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and his flesh. Father used the gun

as a club, striking the bear in the face with all his might with little or no effect, and the bear striking the gun to ward off the blows.

Father then took the barrel in bothFight with RIZZLY hands, a hand at each end of the barrel. When the bear attacked,

he struck it in the mouth with all his strength, breaking several of &"1 its front teeth out. He tried to

force the end of the gun into the

Cmiiu > A/. /4ep$on bear's mouth but could not do it.

The angry bear kept trying to get its huge forelegs around him, father, Frederick Hamblin, HEAR but Father strove constantly to

W I was among the first Latteravert this as he knew one squeeze day Saint settlers in Alpine, of those powerful legs would crush

Arizona. He was always a pioneer, every bone in his chest. It is imas a boy in Utah, then in Arizona. possible to tell how long this fierce

He loved the freedoms of the mounup the mountainside, and Father struggle lasted, but it was long tains and small towns. He loved to followed, thinking it would soon enough that both man and beast fish and hunt—that was his sport die, but it went on and on. Father were almost exhausted.

and recreation. was very tired now and thought The grizzly, finding he was unOne fall in the early nineties, the he would only have time to reach able to get his forelegs around

snow came early. The first week his horse before dark, so he gave up Father, drew back his huge paw

in November a heavy snow covered the chase for that day. In those and struck at Father's head with

the ground to a depth of at least days the gun held only one bulall his force. Father dodged, but

a foot and a half in the mountains, let at a time, and as the brush the blow hit his gun, knocking it making it ideal for hunting, as was so thick, Father took the bullet several feet away, leaving him entracking could be easily done. About from his gun to be sure no accident tirely without protection.

noon Father saddled his best horse, would occur in going down the Both man and beast were worktook his gun and a belt of bullets, mountain. ing to keep the upper hillside, as

and told Mother to have the grease He had just emptied the gun that gave the advantage. Once

ready for fresh venison. and hadn't yet straightened himself Father's heel caught. As he fell,

Some five or six miles from home up when he heard a terrible snarl, he could feel the bear's hot breath he came upon a deer track which and in an instant the huge beast was in his face. The bear had struck

he followed. After following it upon him, striking his shoulder, Father's right hand two or three

for half a mile or more, he saw the its sharp claws tearing his clothing {Concluded on page 594) track of a huge bear, which came from another direction and was also. '"'.". '.,: 'v.

following the deer. He decided to

follow and perhaps get both, B:-!:;.:

especially if the bear overtook the 10I.

deer. He followed about four miles Hi

before he saw the bear had given up and turned into a thicket. The

sun was now getting low; and as pih;

Father was very tired from the continual climb uphill in deep snow, he decided to rest a little, then start back to his horse which he had left near the foot of the mountain. He

sat down on a fallen tree to rest but soon became uneasy and had the feeling of being watched. He

looked carefully in every direction but could see nothing to justify that feeling. Finally he arose and started

down the mountain, when he heard a noise. He turned and saw a huge

grizzly bear coming out of the He heard a thicket towards him. He quickly terrible snarl,the hugeand beastin a secondwas upon him

leveled his gun and;shot the bear,

wounding it badly. The bear ran

JULY 1950 561 1950 0RM0N ATTALION

Dm /ffuton f\. Jsfunter

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY S.U.P.; Dr. Grant Lee of San Battalion arrived on July 29, 1847,

Diego; and Milton R. Hunter. Once after completing their 2,000mile

Conclusion again Dorothy Kimball Keddington trek from Council Bluffs, Iowa.

and Alvin Keddington sang. The Following the raising of the Stars

salutes, Stripes of the firing and air. in the held openSanwhichDiegothewastrek theheaded.next Westpoint toof aevening'spageantentertainmentpresented byclosedthe withSan anda program was

Yuma in the California desert Diego Sons and Daughters of Utah In his speech of welcome, Mayor the caravan passed through miles Pioneers, depicting some of the Knox of San Diego commended the and miles of sand dunes. A hundred highlights of the Mormon Battalion integrity, industry, thrift, honesty,

years ago the Mormon Battalion march of one hundred years ago; and virtue of the Mormon soldiers

members were forced to tie ropes and this was followed by a square of one hundred years ago and told to their wagons, and twenty to dancing demonstration by the Corof the many good things they did thirty men would help their oxen rinne dancers. for the city and people of San

and mules pull the supplies through The next day, March 17, the Diego. Speeches were given by Leo

that difficult terrain. Early in this Battalion members in full uniform J. Muir, Fred E. Curtis, and others,

century a wooden road was constructed through that sand country, part of which can still be seen from the modern paved highway.

The caravan emerged from the sand dunes into the famous Imperial

Valley, where the crops of lettuce and other produce were being harvested. While there the trekkers

took time out to drive across the border from Calexico, California, to

Mexicali, Mexico, and observe for a few moments our neighbors to the south. A number had never

been in Mexico, and so this proved to be an interesting experience.

A few miles east of San Diego, just as the caravan was about to emerge from the rugged mountain range where their predecessors a hundred years ago had been forced A group of Mormon lady trekkers climbing the hill to Presidio Park, San Diego, in the parade.

to cut a passage through the rocks with ax, pick, and crowbar so they paraded through fOld Town, San and Dorothy Keddington sang "The could take their wagons and equipDiego. The procession was led by Flag Without a Stain."

ment through, the trekkers were met the U.S. Marine color guard and As soon as the program was

by some of the officers of the San band. The mayor of San Diego completed, the trekkers began their

Diego chapter of the Sons of Utah and other local officials, the U.S. journey toward Los Angeles. En

Pioneers and escorted to the U.S. Navy Band, covered wagons, San route they visited the San Luis Rey

Grant Hotel. Diego riding club, the buses carryMission, a historic spot of interest

After a delicious banquet in the ing the lady trekkers, and many because It was there the Battalion hotel dining room, they went to the private cars with people of distincfirst sighted the Pacific Ocean. The

State Hall where a program was tion from southern California were evening was spent in unusual gaiety presented. Addresses were given also in the procession. The parat the Knott's Berry Farm. After

by President Wallace W. Johnson ade ended at Presidio Park where eating a delicious chicken dinner,

of the San Diego Stake; LeRoy the Mormon Battalion monument a program was held at which PresiNelson, judge advocate of the stands, marking the spot where the dent George Albert Smith, Gover562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

witnessed the event. As usual, the

sevenpound copper key was presented to the mayor. In his speech

of acceptance, Mayor Cunningham lauded highly the 520 Mormon Pioneer colonists who settled SanTREK Bernardino in 1851 and laid the foundation for that great city which

Mormon Battalion still bears the stamp placed upon trekkers on parade. it by the Latterday Saint pioneers.

Caravan Queen Diane Gould preAs evening arrived, the trekkers sents Governor Earl and hundreds of their friends asWarren with a twenty-six inch statue portraying the part sembled on the site of a proposed played by some the Battalion memof San Bernardino Ward chapel.

bers in the discovery There they were served dinner and gold in of California in 1848. This statue enjoyed another program. By

was created by the 10:00 p.m. the festivities closed, sculptor wellknown

Fairbanks, a r d Av himself of and the nine buses headed toward a member the 1950 commemoraUtah. All who could sleep enjoyed

tive trek. themselves while the buses rolled

along the modern highway, and mounted it with the Stars and the remainder of the passengers

Stripes. waited for morning to arrive.

Probably the highlight of this program was the presentation to One of the two most important

Governor Warren of a twentysix- events of interest that occurred on inch statue portraying the part Sunday was the holding of Sunday played by some of the battalion School in each of the buses as the members in the discovery of gold in journey continued homeward. DurCalifornia in 1848. This statue ing several hours'time, vital docwas sculptured by Dean Avard trinal questions were discussed. The

Fairbanks and was received with other event was the holding of the much appreciation by the governor final program of the trek while of California. dinner was being served at EI Escalante Hotel in Cedar City. The

Following the meeting at Los local chapter of the S.U.P. had

Angeles, the trekkers headed toarranged a very interesting enterward San Bernardino to participate tainment which was a fitting climax in the famous National Orange to the week's trek. The trekkers

Show. They assembled at Pioneer arrived in Salt Lake City Sunday

Square in preparation for a parade. evening.

Following a brief program and a sendoff from Governor Warren, I wish to pay tribute to the group composed of and who women men trekkers, colorfully in the garbed Lee, nor Bracken and Major J. entire the this caravan. Throughout authentic of dresses uniforms and Richard the A. speakLambert were of trek them the of every one course period, the Mexican war marched ers. President of the The Church in a herself or himself conducted miles to the approximately two joined Utah's governor the had and highest of the commenworthy in way grounds. Included Orange Show this at point. caravan

that standards dation. same The the of governors the parade were

Saturday morning the trekkers Utah and California, the San Diego were upheld by the Mormon Batparaded through the streets of Los Marine Corps recruit depot band, talion members of 18461847 were

Angeles from Hotel Alexandra to the San Bernardino Valley college also maintained by all the modern

City Hall. There, at 10 a.m., on band, the California Centennial trekkers. Wherever they went,

the site of old Fort Moore where float, Miss Diane Gould, queen of they did credit to the Sons of Utah the Mormon Battalion members the caravan, and other notable peoPioneers, to the state of Utah, and were mustered out of service on ple. Thousands and thousands of to the Church of Jesus Christ of

July 4, 1 847, a very interesting prospectators watched the parade. Latterday Saints. All those who

gram was presented. Among the participated in any way to direct

speakers were Governor Earl War- A program honoring the Mormon the programs and activities of the ren of California, Governor Lee, Battalion and the part played by trek are to be complimented. A

and President George Albert Smith. the Latterday Saints in founding great amount of good will result

A very impressive flagraising cereSan Bernardino was held in the from this trek. It was a huge sucmony was conducted on the spot Swing Auditorium. Speeches were cess and will be remembered in

where the original Battalion memgiven and appropriate music renyears to come as a noteworthy event bers had erected a tall flagpole and dered. Several thousand people of the year 1950.

JULY 1950 563 -At Church Jsfidtor, iT&c Palmyra."/ MewYorkdirea

HARP.iS MARTIN

FARMVcm TRAVEL SERVICE aivn

PIAN CHURCH Methodist W SBiTIXCHANCE BOfLPiNG MyBlBBIchupchsmith'sORAVI.,—l LH0DI5T

PII MILEMILES CHURCH- "ImpfuCHURCH 1- TA1MYRA v-5y sfohn *Jj. Lj'de5, BUSINESS MANAGER

dOSEPf- 'SMITH ('OW.VSHIp)

PALMYRA which for three SACRV QRQ\?t* 3 -JniLnw.\ mortgaged was (romyi/r) ttANCHisrER* While Palmyra is now in Wayne

AI'.MINCTOH dollars SCHOOL thousand to secure payis and Manchester in Onfor first County, printing the ment the of

edition of five thousand copies of tario County, they were both in the Book of Mormon Ontario County when the Smiths

Building old Exchange 6. The in moved to the farm. Wayne County edition the first which of the Book

of Mormon was printed, coming was "erected,"as history indicates, from the presses March 26, 1830, in 1823.

eleven days before the Church On the Joseph Smith farm is the organized 7. The grave of Alvin Smith in the Sacred Grove. That is, we call it

first Palmyra Cemetery by that name now. When the

Smiths lived there and for many

The strip map accompanying this years afterward, it was called the article shows the relative location "woodlot."When farmers cleared

of these various places. Those who land in that area, it was the custom

have believed that the Sacred Grove to leave from six to eight acres of and Hill Cumorah will be both on woodland from which to supply the Joseph Smith farm were surtheir needs for firewood, fences, etc.

prised to find that they are three On many farms the "woodlots"are miles apart. The attempts also to still maintained.

clear up the widespread confusion To reach the Joseph Smith farm regarding the village of Manchester from Palmyra, the shortest route

IV and the Town (township) of Manis from the "four corners"west to chester as well as the confusion Stafford Street, three blocks, then

TheHistoryImprovementTravel ServiceEra Churchthis ofconnectedPalmyra.with the town and village southon theslightlystreetoverandtwoonmiles.the Signsbarn

sign at the month takes us to one of the Treating these interesting and imidentify the farm. A

richest areas in interest and inforportant places in the order in which home also indicates the location of mation. This section truly is the they are listed, the discussion begins the Sacred Grove. Church members

"Cradle of Mormonism."While with Palmyra. The exact date when occupy the old Smith home and

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latthe Smiths moved into the village operate the farm.

ter -day Saints was not actually is not known, but it seems to be From Hill Cumorah to the farm organized here, it may well have generally accepted as having been the route is approximately a mile been, as the events which led to in the year 1816. Just where this north to the first street ( Armington

its formation took place within a family lived in Palmyra Village Road) running west (left), then short distance of Palmyra, in likewise is not known. As they one mile west to the first road runWayne County, New York. owned no property there, no deed ning north (right), and one mile

Within that area are these imrecords or other written evidence to the farm.

portant places connected with early exists. As there seems to be no While the Smith family lived in

Church history: accepted tradition in the village as a log house they had built on the

in acquired property, the there location, to be newly appears the the to village of Palmyra where 1. The spring of 1820, the then boy Joseph, facts. the to determine no way lived family Smith when Joseph in his his "fifteenth birth year,"

first State they York moved to New 2. The Joseph Smith farm in the When they moved from Palmyra having occurred in December 23,

Town of Manchester where the it was to the farm they had con1805, went to the woodlot on his located Smith family on a onetracted to buy, just over the line father's farm to pray. When he tract of acre woodland hundred

which they contracted to buy of the Town (township) of Palmyra came out of that grove, he knew 3. The Sacred Grove on the Joseph into the Town ( township ) of Manmore about the personality of God

the heavens farm Smith where chester. Although the village of than any other person living on revmodern-day r were and opened

elation began Manchester is more than five miles the earth.

Hill believe (or Ramah) Cumorah 4. The there away, are many who the passed, years woodlot, As the

i miles three the Sacred from Grove in the farm that the Smith was used several successive by plates of where the Book Mormon 1 although were delivered to the young Prophvillage rather than in the town. owners, seems to have been very

et the Smith Angel Joseph by wellpreserved. after 1865, Soon

, Moroni lrrhe it is reported, the forbade owner 5. in Martin Harris farm The including the states word townNewin NewEnglandYorkis andthe somelegal otherand

Town (not village) of Palmyra official word for township. {Continued on page 585)

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MTTTINfi for 11year-old boys

SUPERINTENDENT MEN'S IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION MUTUAL I. GENERAL YOUNG VJ ( f/f f

B.S.A., 12, B.S.A. VICECHAIRMAN \IAIftl5 MEMBER AT REGION COUNCIL LARGE, NATIONAL (>lbePt f\. D/Ja

T

BBSmiilg -.a.*. Jtii.'.'"..i- Vni,, M,i|iiiiii in ii i.juifiiri- i *- -**""'ItTAiaHfc*WhenwantedLordto makeBadenPowellsure that the 11111111Irani PS**'ff* j

many ideas he had developed for Boy Scouts would work, he took a group of twenty boys with him -*3 j in the English Islandto Brownsea "in 1907, There, he set?ilHHH|Bfes'S ] '% yr:Channel.

up the first Scout camp.

Since that original camp, scout- '.?:>'''''

ing has been an outdoor program.

The slogan "'outing'is ninety percent of scouting"has developed as chief ideal. The of this resulta t/yf in another put it world of theScout 1 *JB

way: "Nature study will show you

wonderful full and of beautifulhow Iff. 4 jp.4 world for the has madethings God

you to enjoy,"he said, just before his eightyfourth birthday in 1941, 'in his last message to Scouts.

the place think about we When j| to is supposed programthe outdoor \/ have in the lives of our boys, and then consider what it actually is, President David O. McKay and Elder Ezra Taft Benson welcome into scouting an elevenyear-old.

we realize that we have a long way to go in reaching the ideal. The

average Scout has less than one ing in the daytime, on a weekday on the part of bishops and ward week in camp each year. A few afternoon or on Saturday at an Mutual workers, they can be

units take regular afternoon and hour to be determined by the solved.

weekend trips, but they are the bishop, M.I.A. superintendent, and The biggest problem is leaderexception. A big scoutmaster; at an ship. In some cases the scoutpart of the balhour not conflictmaster will be in a position to take

like scouting, "The ideals of ing with the Prithe responsibility and actually doance of regular the gospel the principles of of scouting is limited Jesus Christ, are intended to mary meeting the work of the new program.

to one hour inmake boys better companions, hour. This will be Where this is not possible, he

doors on Tuesday more useful citizens, and hapthe specified time should be given a qualified, adult night. pier—Presidentindividuals."George Albert Smith toformeet.boys ofIt elevenwould trainedassistant.for Thisthe job.manThisshouldwill bebe When the First

Presidency made be ideal for this done through the cooperation of the new elevenyear-old scouting meeting to develop into a regular the stake M.I.A. and the local

program a daytime activity, they activity period for all members of councils.

probably did more than anything the troop. Changes always present probelse that has ever been done to give Because this meeting is held in lems. They are a challenge to

Latterday Saint boys the "outing"the daytime, most of the year it leadership and the ability to adapt experience of scouting. If the procould be held outof-doors. Units and organize. We are confident

gram is carried out as suggested by could conduct their business and that our loyal stake and ward activities of indoor on Tuesday night leaders, informed been havingthe First Presidency of the Church this with cooking, but supplement leaders this decision and the by our and developed by the scouting tracking, hiking, and the dozens advantages to be gained through it, committee of the Y.M.M.I.A., this of other outdoor activities during will give their full support to the

experience will be enjoyed not only the daytime meeting. announced program of the Church,

by the new young Scouts but also There are several problems that and that L.D.S. leadership in the

by all members of the troop. have to be met to attain this ideal program will continue.

The plan is to have a troop meetsituation. But with a little planning {Concluded on page 587)

JULY 1950 565 EHI DESERT

Part VII 1BN Qutaiba, in a famous work on J poetry, quoted a great desert poet, Abu Sakhr, as saying that the speaker of the saf did not aim his two sons separately but with nothing on earth brings verses so consciously at metrical form, his the vocative O! and describes the

readily to mind as the sight of runwords were necessarily more than river and valley in terms of unsur261 ning water and wild places. This mere prose, and were received by passed brevity and simplicity and in

applies not only to springs, of course, their hearers as poetry. The saj'had the vague and sweeping manner of

but to all running water. Thomas the effect of overawing the hearer the real desert poets, of whom Burrecounts how his Arabs upon reachcompletely and was considered abton says, "there is a dreaminess of

ing the Umm alHait hailed it with solutely binding on the person to idea and a haze thrown over the in praise a song of "the continuous infinitely attractive, but init 267 its aim beobject, was addressed, whom rain,"flowingand whose bounty describable."ing to action. 268 compel

filled the bed of the wady, "flowing Lehi's words to his sons take just According to Richter, the best along between sand stream and this short, solemn, form of rhythmiprimitive of the possible example... "262course. Lehi Just so holds cal fact appeal. that the The those is furnished qasid speech Arabic by

up as the most admirable of exto Laman exactly matches that to old poems in which one's beloved river, "thisamples continually runhis brother that here shows have we is to "in a which land compared... "; for to thening of the people such formal utterance a the as saf.... streams flow abundant down

isdesert there no miraculous more desert of proudest the boast The swirling, that so rushing with and and lovely thing on earth than conpoet is, "I utter a verse and after the water overflows every evening, tinually running water. In the most it its brother."for the consummacontinually. "* Here the "continstirring episode of SaintExupery's tion of the poetic art was to have ually flowing"water is compared to

Wind, Sand, and Stars, the Arab two verses perfectly parallel in form the person addressed, as in Lehi's chiefs who view the wonders of and content; few ever achieved this, "song"to Laman. The original withParis cool indifference burst at the usual verse being followed authority qasid, avers, the same

into cries at of the rapture devout a "cousin"a not by and built 283 best the beseeching around was 268 ofsight in torrent a the Alps. brother. Lehi to Yet have seems the hence ( werbenden, name

Hilal at the Beni stoppedWhen it off. carried fervor the moral Of motif, necessarily erotic not qasid)

their fiist oasis, the beauty of it and didactic intent of his recitation in origin, as some think, but dealing and the green vegt/jition reminded there can be no doubt; the fact with praise of virtue ( Tugendlob )

of again the theythem homeland that in the recounts 27* Nephi episode in general. Ibn Qutaiba even

left, greatly theyhad wept "and is, in a record there which as he that the claims love introductory 2'"

It it."remembering because was says, essentials, for great only room to device theme merely a gain was

in loud and Lemuel wereLaman it impression a shows deep what listeners attention the of male and their of loss the pleasantlamenting him. made upon all stuff at real the not of the was

.. their of"land Jerusalem. and his In addressing in 27"sons what is pattern standard poem. The

(Iprecious things"Nephi 2:11) little like is looks a song, Lehi doat- a simple one: the poet's (a)

theirthat to father admoved was ing just Isaiah he does what when is tention arrested impressome by this occasion.dress them on in to Israel shirat speaks a dodi, sive natural usually phenomenon,

If the earliest desert poems were "a friendly chant,"a popular song running water; (b) this leads him

songs inspired by the fair sight of about a vine which, once the to recite a few words in its praise, running water, no one today knows hearer's attention has been won, drawing it to the attention of a bethe form they took. That can only turns

270 into a very serious moral loved companion; and ( c ) making

be conjectured from the earliest tirade. On another occasion, as it an object lesson for the latter,

known form of Semitic verse. This we have noted, he employs the who is urged to be like it. Burton

is the saf, a short exhortation or popular figure of the olive tree. The gives a good example: at the sight

lineinjunction stock of the with old desert opening spoken such solemthe of alAkik the nomad Wady to fall friends!"into as an a sortnity and fervor poems my two is, "O to poet exclaim, is moved

of chant. Examples would be magiintroduction which, says Ibn Qutaical incantations, curses, avoided, only "since should be and the ba,

friend, this is Akik, then stand by it, the ancientsformal to use of teachers, pronouncements knew how if distracted to be it OEndeavoringmy by love, priests, and judges. From the properly, uniting a gentle and not really a lover.

earliest times the saf was the form, natural manner with2 '1 the grandiose in which inspiration and revelation and magnificent."Lehi's poem is This seems to be some sort of love

announced themselves."266 Though an example of this: he addresses song, albeit a peculiar one, and some

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

( 6 ) They are very short, and one verse should be followed by its "brother,"making a perfectly *Jj. precious Palestine water modern In—i5u Jstuak rlibteu,t> J-h. this matched pair. 279 ancient is lifted from wells by

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR stronglypicturesquebuilt"donkeypowerwooden wheelpump,"whicha Here we have beyond any doubt

HISTORY AND RELIGION operatesbuckets. an endless chain of clay all the elements of a situation of

in 1830 could no westerner BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY—Photograph by Adelbert Bartlett which conception. the remotest have had

Nephi has described the very situation in which the great men of the desert were once long ago wont to speak the words that made their names immortal among the nomads and scholars of a later generation.

And the words they uttered were, to the best of our knowledge, of exactly the same cast and content as those spoken by Lehi, who now stands before us as something of a poet, as well as a great prophet and leader. This is a reminder that

in the world in which Lehi was moving, those three offices had to go together.

It has often been said that there is no real poetry in the Book of poetry, Mormon—no real English

that is. By the same token there

is no real Danish or Russian poetry.

The explanation of this grave defect is a simple one: If there were any

good poetry in the book, it would give just cause for suspicion, for

Burton, even while praising the matchless genius of the desert poets, is careful to point out that they are utterly "destitute of the poetic taste,281 as we define it."(Italics author's.)

To Lehi's "literary"critics we need have claimed that all the old qasids friend to learn a lesson from the only reply that its authors were were simply love songs. But valley and "stand by it,"firm and never supposed to have composed

Burton and his Arabs know the unshakable in the love of the ways in English or Danish or Russian.

real meaning, "the esoteric meaning of the Lord. Let us list briefly the The same literary critics may afof this couplet."which quite escapes exacting conditions fulfilled by firm with equal confidence that there

us: Nephi's account of his father's is no good literature in Mutanabbi

qasids, conditions fulfilled likewise or the Kitabal-Aghani, not one of

Man! This is a lovely portion of God's by the earliest known desert poems. whose vast store of poems has ever

creation: good or even great into done are or been Brunnen ( 1 ) They—

stand learn here by it, and Then those know verse. who Yet English call to love Quellenlieder, as the Germans the perfections of thy Supreme they insist that 277 best books these that inspired the them, is, songs by Friend.

sight of water gushing from a spring represent the high point not only in

Compare this with Lehi's appeal to or running down a valley. Arabic but in all poetry.

Lemuel (2) They are addressed to one As if to prove that no westerner or (usually) two traveling compancould possibly have dreamed up

O that thou mightest be like unto this ions. Nephi's account, we are challenged

"like expression, remarkable the by steadfast, valley, firm and this valley, firm in keeping the command- ( 3 ) They praise the beauty and and steadfast, immovable unto And ments of the Lord! the excellence of the scene, calling and immovable...."Who west of

it to the attention of the hearer as Suez would ever think of such an

Note the remarkable parallel: in an object lesson. image? At the very least the proofeach case the poet, a wanderer in (4 The hearer is urged278 to be reader should have caught such a

the desert, is moved by the sight like the thing he beholds. howler, which should certainly

of a pleasant valley; he calls the ( 5 ) The poems are recited exhave been corrected in subsequent

attention of his beloved companion tempore on the spot and with great editions; for we, of course, know

to the view, and appeals to his feeling. (Continued on page 587)

JULY 1950 567 port many quorums failed to report rum which fails to take advantage

Melchizedek Priesthood Reports correctly quorum finances. Usually of this activity for building stronger

Tn analyzing the Melchizedek this is because the amount on hand brotherhood and love for its fellow

Priesthood quarterly reports as of December 31 is not carried men is missing an important oppormany conditions reported, obviousforward to the new report as the tunity.

ly, are not correct. amount on hand January 1. The Many secretaries are still using

Under the first part of Question amount on hand at the end of the the old forms which have been ob- 5, "Number Living Away From year must necessarily be the same solete since December 31, 1949.

it isHome,"many reports show "None."as the amount on hand at the beginThis results in delay, since

On the same report where none ning of the following year. necessary to return the old report

are shown away from home the secQuorum and stake secretaries and with request for the information ond part of the question shows auditors are encouraged to exercise called for on the new form. The

there have been from one to twentygreat care in preparing these reports new record books were sent to all five letters written to those away so the correct information may be stakes early in January 1950, but from home. shown. we find in some instances they have

In Question 8, "Number Using not yet been distributed to the quoTobacco or Liquor, or Both,"rum or group secretaries, nor to the usually a small number is reported. secretary of the stake Melchizedek When Should Members Be Priesthood committee.In the second part of the question,

"Number of These Visited During In some instances reports have the Quarter,"there are shown in not been submitted by quorums, so various reports so many visits that "Deports for the quarter which that a stake may be only partially surely the brethren visited should ended March 31, 1950, reflect reported. Others send their reports

feel highly honored having so much great improvement in the activities too late to be included in the comattention paid to them. In one inof some quorums, usually the result bined report for the Church.

stance the report showed only one of sufficient presidency meetings. The stake Melchizedek Priestuser of tobacco and liquor in the Others not holding so many hood committee is responsible for

quorum, but it also showed seventypresidency meetings report their the prompt submission of reports.

three visits to that one person duractivities correspondingly low. This committee should have them

ing the quarter, or practically one However, some quorums leave this audited carefully for correctness. It

visit every day. In another inquestion unanswered, and in some is also the responsibility of this comstance there were no users of toinstances show that no presidency mittee to encourage quorum leaders

bacco or liquor, but thirteen visits meetings were held during the entire and members and, where conditions were made. quarter. Leaders are usually chosen exist, as shown above, quorums and

Where there are more than one by inspiration from our Father in secretaries will appreciate the wisquorum of elders or seventy, the heaven, but after being chosen it's dom and assistance of the stake record for each individual quorum up to the leaders to carry on. These committee.

should be shown in the columns on leaders cannot properly keep in the right half of the report, with touch with the conditions of the the totals for each group entered quorum nor plan for its improveQuorum Activities Reflected In in the total columns for the sevenment if regular and frequent meetty and elders. Some stakes have ings are not held. Where such Quarterly Reports

failed to show the information for conditions exist stake presidents each individual quorum. Others and the stake Melchizedek PriestHThere still remains a question in

have crowded it on one sheet. hood committees should give every the minds of some secretaries

Where there are so many quorums assistance. as to when members should be

two sheets should be used. AddiSome quorums show an encouragmarked present at weekly quorum or

tional forms are mailed to each ing number of welfare projects and group meetings and when they stake, where there are sufficient quorum socials. Others show very should be excused because of other

quorums to justify more than one few and, in many instances, report Church work.

sheet, and such forms are always "None."These activities are most Question No. 2 of the quarterly

available upon request. important if we are to build unity stake Melchizedek Priesthood reOn the annual confidential reand love for one another. The quoport reads:

568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Average present in person at dent and is not considered as the the time of their own weekly priestweekly priesthood meetings"quorum meeting. hood meetings.

others who be many There may openthese from separation After Question No. 3 of th** same report quesunder credit given be would quorums various the exercises, ingreads: councilmen, high as 3, such tion weekly their into go groups and

"Number engaged in other priesthood or group meetings. Those auxiliary, general and stake board

Church work during time of weekly attending would be considered presmembers, who must attend other priesthood meeting (exclusive of ent as indicated by question 2. wards, and due to the distance

those living away from home)"When the quorums and groups to be traveled would not be able

Usually various quorum and separate into their various weekly to attend their own weekly priestgroup meetings are held in the ward priesthood meetings there are some hood meetings and arrive at their at the same time. Opening exercises who have other assignments which appointments on time. In these

are held prior to these weekly priestwill not permit them to attend their cases, however, it is fhe responsihood meetings under the direction own quorum or group meetings For bility of such member to arrange to of the bishop or branch president. instance, bishoprics and Aaronic be excused from his own quorum or

In these exercises there are generalPriesthood class instructors would group meeting so he may receive

Iv singing, prayer, and such anordinarily go with the Aaronic credit under question 3, because nouncements as the presiding auPriesthood quorums where they are the secretary would not otherwise thority may deem wise. This is not assigned and necessarily would be know if he were to be excused

part of the priesthood meeting as absent from their own weekly quofor this reason or if he were merely referred to in question two of the rum or group meetings. Such memabsent without excuse.

quarterly report. This is merely a bers would then be given credit in Please refer to Section VI-B,

preliminary meeting under the direcquestion 3 because they are enpages 34, 35, and 36 of the Meltion of the bishopric or branch presigaged in other Church work during chizedek Priesthood Handbook.

them "SALE BY THE DRINK"by the initiative method—putting

on the ballot in the November election

AI7b give to these lines this heading,—a method that is legal in Utah. But

although herein we write of the movement failed, lacking the some matters other than liquor merrequisite number of signatures on thechar dismg. N0petitions to get the changes on the

In Utah some of us were stirred up ballots.

i:: May by newspaper announcements According to newspaper announceof a movement designed to secure in LIQIORments at the time of this writing (May

Utah a change in the state liquor laws, 25), "saleby-thedrink"petitions are legalizing the sale of liquor "by the circulating for signatures to put the drink,"i.e. by the glass. In Utah, as proposition on the November ballots.In some other states, distilled liquors TOBACCO But this writer believes that no wellcan legally be sold only by the state informed, rightthinking voter, who beand in bottles or packages. This is COLUMN lieves that the moral welfare of human

called the monopoly system, the system souls is more precious than gold and that has existed in sixteen other states. therefore should come before dollars,

In twentynine states the license syswill support the movement for "sale tem is legalized which is best described by the drink."Why? Because this

piobably by calling it the saloon method of selling would increase per themethod, one that prevailed to in injury result capita consumption, BY all over CONDUCTEDthe country before prohibition. national into influences bring corrupt morals, DR. JOSEPH F. the After repeal of national prohibiofficials, politics, public corrupt local

tion in 1933, the question of how to MERRILL create bad environments—these are

control liquor merchandising was a some of the reasons. Space will not

live one in most of the states. It was permit an elaboration of them here.

generally agreed, even among the proHowever, we add a few statements moters of repeal, that the oldtime relative to them. Twentynine states

saloon should not be allowed to return. have had the license system during the

In Utah the governor appointed a comtwelve years 19371948, inclusive (we mission to make a careful study of the sumed on the premises. It is furnished do not have the data for 1949), and

question and recommend a method of in packages, or containers, which must seventeen have had the monopoly syscontrol. This the commission did, be taken off the premises before being tem. In each of these twelve years,

with the result that Utah became one opened. the per capita consumption in the liof the monopoly states. Now, there are people who advocate cense states was greater than that in

According to the plan adopted, the amending the law to permit all retailthe monopoly states, the amount varystate is the only legal vendor of dising of liquor to be made by licensed ing from fourteen percent to fiftyseven tilled liquors. Sales are made by statevendors as was done in old saloon percent, this last figure being for 1946.

owned stores and only to patrons who days, licenses to be granted by the city, These figures positively refute the possess stategranted permits to buy. town, or county retailing the in which claim that "sale by the drink"—the not get permits. Further,Minors may is done. Four years these ago advosaloon rather method, than the bottle

the liquor purchased may not be concates proposed to effect these changes (Continued on page 594)

JULY 1950 569 Aaronic Priesthood

Think! Guard Against The

Summer letdown

TThere is some tendency to let down our work during the summer Appreciation Expressed to Workers in the I.D.S. Girls Program

months. We are too busy; the boys

are too busy; it's too hot; there are "V7"ou have labored faithfully and efficiently during the four and onehalf years—

places to go. and a dozen or more adJanuary 1, 1946 to July 1, 1950—that the Latterday Saint girls program

ditional excuses, each competing with has been under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric. Innumerable new

the other to be declared the best (the records have been established, both individual and group, as a direct result of weakest) of them all. your untiring efforts to look after our young women.

But have you ever heard the forces Over ten thousand more Latterday Saint girls attend sacrament meeting of evil offer excuses for not rustling every week now than when the program first began. Who can begin to estimate

day and night for new recruits, even what this means now and in the years to come? You played a vital part in this

during the summer months? Can you wonderful accomplishment.

name the time or the circumstance Upwards of six thousand more L.D.S. girls attend Sunday School every

when the powers of darkness slow Sunday morning, and nearly eight thousand more girls attend M.I. A. every

down or take a rest? week as the program is turned over to the Y.W.M.I.A. as compared with the

The grim reaper of sin takes a records for January 1946.

heavy toll even when we are right up Thousands of L.D.S. girls are now on the tithing records of the Church

in the collar, pulling every minute. who had given little heed to this divine law before the program was begun.

Think! What happens then when we Girls now look upon tithing as a law to all members of the Church and not

slow down for any reason or for any primarily for fathers and mothers.

length of time? Our girls have been brought into the Church welfare program in a real

If we think long enough on this way; they have been given equal opportunity with the Aaronic Priesthood memmatter, we may discover that "taking bers to speak in Church meetings; they have had their attention directed more

it easy"in our work with Aaronic forcefully to chastity, courtship, temple marriage, the Word of Wisdom, and

Priesthood members during the summany other virtues which form the basis for a useful happy life as a Latterday mer months could easily prove to be Saint.

quite an accommodation to the forces Many other accomplishments could be enumerated. The unnumbered of evil.

personal chats between the adviser and the girl, for instance; closer contact

between mother and daughter in many cases, brought about through the personal visits of the "bigsister"adviser; fathers and mothers brought into

Church activity as well as the daughters; the list grows as one thinks of all

that has been done to help our girls.

It is realized that the L.D.S. girls organization has not been responsible

The Midyear Checkup for all the good that has been accomplished, but let no one overlook the good

It either. they done, have get has to our into our been aim the young women are through halfway We several organizations activities the and of such organizations Church where 1950. Aaronic many How could their and activities for demonstrate good. in feel that, this, power We Priesthood quomembers and

real there has progress, been that all together and with the agencies and teachqualified rums have to date? you

ings the of Church, girls. brought blessings have to we our L.D.S.

The midyear checkup has Now that our official associations in the L.D.S. girls program are ended,

saved many quorums and many we want you one and all to know how much we appreciate the full measure of boys from disappointment later loyalty your and devotion to every requirement of you. made consider We on. it rarest one privileges of our to have been associated with in this you work.

The effectiveness of your labors can never be measured in time—both time and

all eternity will be required to determine the farreaching effects of your humble efforts to do good.

We pray for each of you that your life may be rich and beautiful in the harvest you shall gather to yourself from the seed you have so faithfully sown in the fertile, gentle hearts of the girls who have been under your care.

It is our cherished hope that priesthood leaders in stakes and wards, and particularly our bishops and their counselors, together with all who assisted have in the in this work past South Los (California) Angeles girls Stake boasts three L.D.S. had who have hundred a one percent

attendance record at sacrament meeting, School, Sunday and Y.W.M.I.A. will during four the give years January wholehearted support to the

7, I, 1946 to January 7950.

Y.W.M.I.A. organizations Harold F. Whittier as of they the stake take presidency extends to congratulations Robinson, Stokes, Ann Nan

whileNan Ruth Ryan, of chairman the stake committee, on looks approvingly. over the responsibilities this of great cannot now shake WeRobinson, hands with successful these young but women, extend do our we congratulations their on outstanding records. program.

570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA vfe|p J-'r'epared bu cJLee M, f-alt,liner

DEACONS QUORUM AND ADVISER

SET CHALLENGING RECORDS

T Tere is a record which, if duplicated by every Aaronic Priesthood quorum and adviser in the Church—well,

who would want to hazard even a guess as to what could be accomplished?

During the first three months of 1950, this quorum had an average attendance of better than ninetyfive percent at priesthood meeting, better than ninety percent at Sunday School and Y.M.M.I.A., and sixtyfive percent at sacrament meeting. OGDEN TWELFTH WARD DEACONS AND ADVISER, MT. OGDEN (UTAH) STAKE

But the record we really want our workers to observe has been established by the quorum adviser, Harry eluded—two wrestling matches; one earning the quorum award—all in three

M. DeRyke. social topped with pie and ice cream; months.

Activities outside of quorum meetone social ending with a doughnutAt the beginning of the year, Quoing, and for all quorum members, ineating contest; one home dinner for rum Adviser DeRyke visited each boy

in his home and presented him with a cake with the boy's name on it.

OF AARONIC MEMBERS ADULT AMONG WORK PRIESTHOOD When a member of the quorum is adIS PROSPERING STAKE (CANADA) LETHBRIDGE IN

Calgary First and vanced in the priesthood, the boy reWards, Second Lethceives another cake with the inscriprecently Stake, bridge adult entertained memtion: "Nice goin', pal, keep up the

Aaronic bers of the Priesthood and their good work."(It should be explained

in a lovely wives sothat Brother DeRyke is a baker by cial evening. Stake and

v/ard leaders are intrade.)

cluded in the photoWhen a young man is about ready graph.

President OcStake has to become a deacon, Brother DeRyke Ursenbach tave already interviewed visits the boy in his home, talks with brethof these several orhim about his coming responsibilities to their ren looking dination to the Melin the priesthood and invites both

Priesthood. chizedek

more evithe father and the mother to be present Here is dence that "it can be when their son is ordained.

done."We review his accomplishments

since the first of the year in reviving inWARD, SOUTHGATE

SALT LAKE active members: one member inactive SOUTH

finished STAKE 1949 for eighteen months now active and girls mainten with taining a perfect recadvanced; one member inactive one

at of attendance ord Left to year and another inactive for eight meetings.

right: Margaret Klemm, months, now active.

Christiansen, Barbara LaDene Nash, Elva This is not simple publicity—this is

Rilla Nillsan, Nillsan, setting before all our Aaronic PriestCarol Nash, Marcene

Carter, Darlene Bailey, hood advisers another example of

Wilma Flanders, Beth what can be done when leaders lead. Klemm.

WELLS (UTAH) STAKE QUALIFIES THIRTYONE LAKE VIEW (UTAH) STAKE PRESENTS TWENTYFOUR

RECORDS PERFECT GIRLS ATTENDANCE WITH IN PERFECT FOR GROUP ATTENDANCE MEMBERSHIP certificates earned individual of by award were fiftytwo and hundred One twentyled girls in Priesthood the Aaronic members the L.D.S. Wells Stake

girls (in the 1949. during girls Twentyfour in Stake the L.D.S. the Lake View in attendance the percent (in eight the hundred photo) to of onethree number

School, sacrament Sunday at record meeting, attendance a perfect photo) had certificates individual 1949. duringseals earned However, affixed to of award

the Aaronic Priesthood members nosed the girls out of first place for total and Y.W.M.I.A. from one to three years. One hundred and thirtynine individual

awards earned by breaking the tape with 140 awards for boys compared with awards for Aaronic Priesthood members, added to the number for girls, gave 132 awards for girls for the year. the youth of Lake View Stake 291 awards for the year.

4. Since dicing, shredding, and greens, use only the water thatTODAY'S chopping shorten the cooking time, clings to the leaves. Keep the pan

these procedures are permissible covered, and cook in as short a ifcooked—eitherthe vegetablethe iswaterlessimmediatelyway time3. Vegetablesas possible. may also be simor in a very little water. mered in milk, and they will have a

5. In any method of vegetable milder, sweeter flavor than those

cookery, the potliquor left after cooked in water. The milk itself

cooking is valuable food and ought will be delicious as a drink or when never, never, never to be poured made into a sauce or soup. The

down the sink. milk should be preheated before

6. Use green vegetables fresh adding the vegetable but should not

dui&n Jkepkerdmi the fresher the better to avoid vitaboil. Try it with shredded cabbage

EDITOR min losses. Keep an eye open for and, if desired, thicken slightly

wildeating—dandelion,greens known lambsquarters,to be good with4. aBakingflour andis farfatsuperiormixture.to boiling in vegetable cookery, although

much vitamin C may be lost due to slow initial heating, long cooking, and exposure to oxygen. If vegeBe a tablescreased.are However,peeled, losseslosses arecan inbe

minimized by coating the vegeoil and baking in pre- "NewFashioned"tables with heated oven.

Cook practical5. Panningtopof-thestoveis a quickmethodandof—cooking vegetables in their own

popularitypoll among foods juices. No more than 2 tableTheusually finds vegetables low on spoons of fat need be used, and

the list. And there's a reason. the vegetable should be thoroughAs customarily prepared in the ly stirred into it to seal all surAmerican kitchen, vegetables lose faces. If the cooking time is 5

from fifty to ninety percent of their minutes or less, 2 tablespoons of food value and flavor in the interKitchen in a Colonial house after a painting by water may be added to produce val between taking them from the Pierce of Bettmann Archives. steam. Cover with a tightfitting

garden or grocery and getting them lid and reduce the heat as soon as to the table. The basic rules which and others. Remember, the greener the vegetable is heated through.

should boost their popularity with the leaf, pod, or stem, the richer This is a variation of the waterthe family and provide better health in iron, copper, and vitamin A. less method. Vegetables may be

sliced or shredded. are given below. We don't alServe green foods daily!

ways stop to think about it, but 6. The newtype pressure cooker

the cumulative loss of vitamins and Cooking Methods minerals day after day by improper cooking is an important factor in 1. Perhaps the best method of

numerous ills and diseases. cooking vegetables is the "waterless"method, which calls for heavy

Tips for the Cook cooking pans with tightlyfitted 1. Make it a rule never to peel lids. Since vegetables contain

vegetables unless their skins are from 70 to 90 percent water, they tough and bitter, or too uneven to may be cooked by this method be cleaned thoroughly. without adding any water at all,

2. Don't be a vegetable soaker. although a tablespoon or two may

Wash vegetables quickly, cook them be added at first to drive out oxyquickly, and serve them immedigen more quickly. Success of this

depends method on keeping ately. Long boiling in a water the FACE VALUE enough, after the first few low bath is another that heat form of soaking

escapes. so minutes, that no steam is highly destructive of vitamins

Usually burner a simmer minerals. and of the Also, most is hot Whenof facewe thinkand figure,of the onebeautyof

aromatic oils and sugars which enough and so saves fuel. our first considerations is the

give vegetables flavor are lost 2. In lightweight pans not deskin and complexion. Time, weaththrough soaking and long cooking. signed for waterless cooking, start er, and worry effect undesirable

3. Do not use soda in cooking the vegetables cooking in briskly changes in all of us, and so do

even the smallest amount will deboiling water just enough to prepoor diet, lack of exercise, and imstroy vitamin C. vent sticking to the pan. With proper rest. Few women can boast

572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

may be an aid to good cooking, provided the cooking time is checked You'll never forget with precision. Only a few tablespoons of water need be used, and

the water should be brought to a the day you try boil before the food is put into the utensil. As soon as the cooking

time is reached, the vessel should be cooled immediately. The disadvantage of this method is that vegetablesquickly overcook due to the high IMPROVED

temperature of the cooker, destroying large amounts of vitamins C, B1,

B 2, and niacin. Also, aromatic oilsare driven off quickly, and flavor FELSNAPTHA

is lost.

You'll say it's a 'WHITE'LETTER Day in your life. Storage Principles

the first day you wash one of hubby s shirts with 1. Leftovers are best covered Improved FelsNaptha Soap! That shirt will be

and stored in the refrigerator and cleaned as only good soap can clean it. And you'll

used the following day. Reheating

shirt! should be avoided whenever posboth agree you've never seen a WHITER

sible. Served with crisp foods, Make every washday a 'WHITE'LETTER Day.

leftovers make a good luncheon Always use Improved FelsNaptha salad. the only laundry product that gives you 2. If it is necessary to hold them three washday advantages—

for a day or so, keep green vegetables cool, damp, and lightly cov- 1. Mild, golden soap.

ered. Gentle, active naptha.

3. The tops of carrots, beets, Finer 'Sunshine'Ingredients

and other root vegetables should for extra, brilliant whiteness be cut off before putting them in the vegetable bin, since the leaves and clearer, brighter colors.

draw moisture and food from the roots after they are pulled.

4. Wash all vegetables before

storing, to prevent wilt and contamination.

a normal skin after the age of twentyfive, most believing that they have a dry skin, and others complaining of oiliness. It is at about

that age, too, that they begin to peer in the mirror in search of crow's-feet and other signs of premature aging; and from then on

they are good prospects for cosmetic salesmen with their beauty restoratives.

Cosmetics will cleanse, soften, and freshen the skin, and we enjoy using them, but they cannot imthe of bloodquality the prove cells. IMPROVED skin the feeds which stream

The skin starves and loses its tone, colcr, and fine texture when a womovereats, habitually (2) (1) an FelsNaptha Soap in has a diet low undereats, (3) (Continued on following page) BAN/SHEs\aTTLE'TALE GRAY''

JULY 1950 5/3 Face Value

{Continued from preceding page) minerals and vitamins, (4) does not drink enough water, (5) neglects exercise and proper breathing, (6) is plagued by worry, fear, and other negative emotions, (7) is continually overtired or suffers from prolonged tension.

Why wrinkles? The network of

blood vessels which feed the skin and give it tone and color rests on a pad of fat. Over the years the

fat layer is gradually absorbed, and as the skin fails to contract at the same rate as the fatty tissue, wrinkles develop. Daily massage,

either with soap and water and a complexion brush or with cream may help, as it stimulates circu- "Aha! So that 's her salad secret! She's'reaching lation, but prevention by wise living for it now—StarKist Tuna! habits is much more promising

loss Rapid cure. attempted than lighter (1) smaller tuna are remark- a Discovered—wrinproduce will also of weight in finer in tuna! difference (2) able in appearance;

Increasing numbers of housetexture; (3) milder in flavor. kles.

that discovering are wives are StarKist. Basically, tuna smaller skin? these dry about Only What

is better StarKist Tuna insuffiresults StarKist from the condition under packed to compared 3 when ways sasteTuna this the oils secreted by of ciency make label! not Why Tuna is secret brands. other The

the smaller tuna. These this discovery yourself? glands of the skin. Those so

afflicted will be helped by using soap and soft water rather than hard water for washing the face and by using a protective cream.

Although most people prefer a soap and water cleansing, the skin can be adequately cleansed with cleansing cream if soap is irritating.

Sufferers of dry skin will do well to avoid glycerin, coconut oil soaps, undue exposure to sun and wind, and lengthy periods under hair dryers. Massage is helpful as

it stimulates circulation and helps to lubricate the skin. A diet high

in fresh fruit and green vegetables will help also. Very few women

have abnormally dry skin as evidenced by continuous dryness and scaliness; such a condition results

from underactivity of the pituitary W>M gland.

oiliExcessive oily skin? Why Mtt/tf/ of a is usually an indication Hotel Utah ness

more profound disturbance of the system, stemming from wrong diet, * poornervousness,elimination,andphysicaltension.inactivity,Correction, therefore, calls for a health-

* &{$&& Shop * buildingdeep breathing,programplentyof diet,of exercise,rest and

MAX CARPENTER, Manager relaxation. This will help to nor-

(Continued on page 576) 574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tfsat&

There'll be a smile in every mile... when you This means that new Conoco Super Motor

OILPLATE the engine of your new car with Oil—with proper crankcase drains and regular

new Conoco Super Motor Oil! care—can keep newcar gasoline mileage...

... year Proved by 50,000Mile Road Test! In a punnew-car power and performance

ishing 50,000mile road test, engines lubricated after year!

with Conoco Super Motor Oil showed an amazWhy delay another day? Ask Your Mileage

ing economy of operation. Gasoline mileage for Merchant for new Conoco Super Motor Oil

the last 5,000 miles of the testrun was actually—now!

99.77% as good as for the first 5,000 miles.

i95o CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY

JULY 1950 575 FACE VALUE

{Continued from page 574) foods; high in fresh fruits, vegemalize the chemical processes of tables, and drinking water.

the body. External treatment includes soap and water cleansing, What about acne? When June

massage, and use of an astringent Haver, popular movie star, was a lotion. A nonoily foundation loyoung girl, she worried about pimtion is better than a cream or panples and blemishes as many young

cake foundation. The diet should folk do now. The advice given

be low in carbohydrates and fatty her by her gym teacher has been

J locke s:amna

WESTERN LOCKERAP liter- + 9 ally locks in flavorful juices and meats, of frozen color natural 44I'M SORRY It's the game. fish, fowl and

waxed paper wrap designed for BY RICHARD L. EVANS

one express purpose... to guard

while of cuts meats choice fully repented and your that have assume we sometimes freezerstored. sorry. But said WE have we are we when amends made a home have you Whether

is than serious i that more is sorry to being a side there & a rent or freezer of your own frozen food locker, WESTERN & mere polite apology. And there are circumstances in |

IX)CKERAP gives you plus- & which much more than casual regret is called for. Saying

assures you protection... perfect Saying we're physical damage. doesn't sorry undo we're flavor for mealtime of fresh we're lost. Saying that are things restore doesn't sorry fish, fowl meats, frozen your |

and game. Ask your grocer or? sorry doesn't always heal a broken heart. It may help.

today for locker plant operator diin the right a gesture sorry is saying we're Certainly LOCKERAP. WESTERN real Real rerepentance. it isn't necessarily $ rection. But

pentance is something beyond the repetition of a ready- $ made phrase. Sometimes people are repentant only to the

point of being concerned about consequences. And sometimes a supposed repentance is prompted principally by

fear, and passes as soon as the fear passes. People often

anA know full well the probable penalties of some of the

M BMW & things they do. But they sometimes decide to take a

ffti* & chance and hope the gamble will go in their favor. And

"":.....<".... i"-"& if it doesn't they say they're sorry. Of course a person i

& is sorry when he is faced with unpleasant facts and possible penalties! And for the moment, at least, he may seem

FREE colorful guide to help to be really "repentant."But real repentance is more than

you prepare, protect and prebeing embarrassed, and it is more than the fear of conseserve your quickfrozen foods.? quences. Real repentance must include a man's admission

to Waxed Western Write now ]j to himself that he knows he has done what he shouldn't Portland, Co., North Paper

Oregon. Your copy will be have done, that he is earnestly and inwardly sorry, and

mailed at once. j1 will make an honest effort to make amends. And if he

y is wise, he will have learned his lesson. If he isn't, he

the again sorry on singing be go and contains Rol! may again—and

of leet short, says In song. he someone sorrowful when same ISOWESTERN

LOCKERAP. is: sorry, Is of sincerely Choice of the question he the crux is sorry, inch18, or 24 20

widths. or is he merely professing repentance? To be convincing,

& there are many things a man must do besides saying he's & sorry. He can't perhaps always undo the damage, but

A to be convincing he must say he is soEry with a changed course of conduct.

Uke Spoken lAJord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADWESTERN WAXED PAPERR CO. \ CASTING SYSTEM, MAY 7, 1950

PORTLAND Copyright, King Features LOS

ANGELESSAN LEAND J 576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA her guide in complexion care and personality development ever since.

Evaluating diet, hair brushing, and other beauty care, this wise teacher said, "All the natural things youdo will make you much more beauqmutvIn TUNA l'tiful than the unnatural things you do."1 "BITE SIZE TUNA"What can be done about acne?

The same things that can be done is one of your best "food buys"!

for other skin problems and for It's all meat; no bones or fat

health generally. Dermatologists to cut out and throw away; no

who treat acne patients today stress "shrinkage"in cooking! And it's

diet in controlling the condition. always the same high quality,

Says the author of Skin, Beauty for only the tender light meat and Health: "There is hardly a is packed.

patient with acne who will not Insist upon this famous quality tuna admit, on careful questioning, that and be sure that every tuna dish you crops of new pimples appear after prepare is a thrilling success!

eating some forbidden delicacy...

he or she will frequently say that they had a chocolate ice cream soda Trademark of Van just before coming to the doctor, CampTerminalSea Island,Food Co.,Calif.Inc.

they sure would they werebecause

FOR THE tOOK more!"told any to have notbe WITH THE 5 CAN

Bacteria love sugar, and they have GREEN LABEL a multiplying good time when the ALSO SOLID PACK acne sufferer imbibes in sugarrich foods. Poor elimination habits,

lack of sleep, nervousness, and tenseness are also aggravating to the condition and should be corrected as far as possible. Cleanliness is also important.

In terms of "whatnot-toeat,"the following foods should be avoided by one who seeks relief from annoying complexion troubles:

1. Candy, especially chocolates, ice

cream, and soft drinks

2. Pastry, including pie, cake,

cookies, eclairs

3. Foods cooked with sugar (puddings, jams, jellies, and other sugar

desserts ). Some puddings and fruit

can be prepared without sugar and a small amount added at the table.

Uncooked sugar is not so quickly absorbed into the blood as cooked sugar and therefore is not so harmful.

4. Fried foods (from fried eggs to

doughnuts)

5. Stimulants (tea, coffee, cola

drinks, alcohol)—Postum is permissible as a beverage.

—pepper,6. Spicesrelishes,and highlycatsup,seasonedhot saucesfoods

''Filmland Magazine, November 1949 p. 19

2Bernard Appel, M. D., Skin Beauty and Health,

White's Book Co., Westfield, Mass. 1946. p. 191 t*\-vw WW? *

JULY 1950 BROADENING HORIZONS FOR YOUR CHILD

lHSu *J4elen (ureaq (/treen

by Connie Collins garden charming and livable. Their

father and I want them to feel they 'belong'here as much as we, that the house and garden are as much theirs as ours."Her eyes danced

Late with pride as she spoke.

Evening Any discipline that leads to a

Supper substantial set of habits is worth

Idea! while, since habits are the child!

Training that automatically causes the right response solves many future problems.

"We stress gracious home man66/hildren seem truly to be in ners,"another mother relates. "I

Serve cold cooked meats, a I. the image that their parents believe manners are next to good

variety of cheese, olives, pickles, make them."morals in maintaining a happy

white and rye bread, sliced tomatoes Dr. Henry Link believes the most household."

and those wonderful, wonderful important problem confronting our Since small children have an

Clover Club Potato Chips. How educational system is a growing utter lack of mature judgment, it

your guests will love them and intellect and a stationary or shrinkis feasible to guide them by the you! ing personality. Upon its solution, parents'wisdom and understanding

he declares, depends our individual in any constructive way that accomhappiness. plishes the best and most lasting

The Yankee definition of personresults. There are many ways of

ality is: "When I met him, I was broadening your young one's horilooking down; and when I left him, zons:

I was looking up."Help him acquire a love for readAs a young schoolteacher I found ing while young. Some of his most

it interesting that the child with a charming companions through life warm, affectionate nature grew into will be those he meets in books.

an adult of the same type. What "The child who reads is the child

a joy to meet one of these young who leads."

men or women in later years—their Instil in him an interest in others,

Mix two 3-oz. packages cream faces almost "electrified."One imteaching him to have the same

cheese, one 7-oz, can minced clams, mediately had a "lookingup"manners for every human being.

1 tsp. well drained, Worcestershire

feeling, remembering teaching years Send him on the path of becoming sauce, 2 drops tobasco, oneeighth tsp. salt. Then dip in those big, with a surge of happiness. a world citizen. At an early age

flavorful Clover Club Potato Chips. The cold, impersonal youngster interest him in world affairs, en-

A perfect appetizer for warm sumgrew into the boy or girl with an couraging the courses in current mer afternoons and evenings. I-vaguelyremember-you manner. events in school. Discuss affairs of

Which personality do you wish the day at mealtime and family

HOW to Keep Coolfor your pigtailed Susan or buttongatherings. Encourage the forming

nosed Bill? To a great extent, it is of opinions on important subjects.

Doctors say your body needs exup to the parents! It isn't a simple Teach him to understand and astra salt during hot weather. The matter, training a child to become a sist minority races to feel pride in

salt table each pure on delicious gracious, sunny personality if everythemselves.

therefore Potato Clover Chip Club helps you keep cool. And rememthing of an opposite nature is indiHelp him lead a balanced life

cated. But in many instances it can which includes work, play, and reber—these are the chips that are

done. ligion. Influence him in having a as digestible as baked potatoes—so be

eat all you want. They're now My neighbor insists that her three deep and abiding faith in the Father

double waxwrapped to preserve sons contribute their share in keepof us all. Instil the common decenfreshness longer. And now try ing the garden, basement, attic, cies of life, weeding out selfishness

Clover Club's brand new Cheese and house neat, clean, and attracand selfcenteredness.

Potato Chips! They're grand, too! tive. They help with the dishes and Remember the value of hobbies

do many household tasks. and skills in games. Help your

"Although we give Bob, Bill, and young modern to become outstandBernard a small allowance, they ing in at least one thing, so he can, Ctover Club are never paid for what they do on occasion, sparkle and excel. This

POTATO CHIPS toward keeping the house and [Continued on page 580) 578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SAFEWAY answers the question: How

of the Food Dollar goes

? for SELLING

When discussing the costs of food distribution, people sometimes assume that the whole of such costs, or a major part of them, are run up by retailing.

Charts which show the farmer's share of the food dollar spent by customers as 50$.—and label the other 50$ as "distribution"—do not make it

plain that retailing is just one of many costs paid out of the food dollar.

This 50$ total cost called distribution also includes charges for storage and freight, for grading, cleaning, processing, packing and wholesaling.

Further, this 50$ is an average for all farm crops. Actually the farmer's

share varies widely between different crops, depending on the amount of processing and other services required. But on the basis of this "average"

food dollar, let's look at Safeway costs...

\ What part of the food dollar is spent handles and sells more food per store and prices. But our labor and other costs have

by Safeway to do the retailer job? per employee. Safeway's system is one of climbed even more sharply, requiring us

than 14. Yes, to cover all our ciency of this system allows Safeway to more efficiently. With total population andA Less low cost distribution of food. The effito seek constantly new ways to operate

costs from the time we put farmers'prodreturn to farmers both more total dollars per capita food consumption both larger ucts in our stores until we sell them to cusand a larger share of each food dollar. than in 1940... we can do our job today

tomers, it takes less than 14 out of every for a smaller share of more dollars from dollar spent in our stores. This 14 pays more customers.

our dayto-day retail costs—such costs

as wages, rents, taxes, displaying food The Safeway idea of selling more food attractively, and inviting the public with per store and per employee isn't ours sales dollar of Is this more per buy. 14/ to This 14< andadvertising come alone. in free competition with We are

operated has than Safeway or less—Safeway. for profit a also includes end. toward working many stores the same

for past? in the

It seems to us that is good for every-

V How much profit does Safeway earn? Less. The part of the food dollar for body—for farmer, customer and store man

is its services invite to test performs Safeway which you our ideas of how alike.We

in 1949 was \ x/$tA Safeway's profit a years than store should run ago. Of be by doing it was 10 food your lower now

per dollar of food sales at our stores. All

course, the dollar volume of our sales is shopping at Safeway, where almost oneour costs of doing a retail business, plus larger now, due in part to increased food fifth of all customers are farm families.

a profit, total less than 14.

dollar of out of each Is this 14/V SAFEWAY smaller sales the averthan Safeway age costs for these same functions? STORES

Yes, 14* 1 is a considerably smaller thanA average retailing cost, because Safeway

JULY 1950 579 BROADENING HORIZONS FOR YOUR CHILD

(Continued from page 578) Compliment every step in the is a good morale and egobuilder, right direction. Overlook many

developing confidence and selffaults! Let them know, however,

esteem. love and respect must be earned.

Speak often of the value of Help build the habit of work and friendship, of money honestlydoing things for others.

earned, of nature and beauty of Encourage courtesy and gracious, all kinds. kindly manners; help develop a

Tell your Jack and Jill, "Aim sense of humor and appreciation of

TWfc IS TASTIER!... high!"Help them to learn emothe other person's viewpoint.

tional maturity and selfcontrol. And last but not least, teach him

ftitfUf IS "TOPS"!... Shorten rather than prolong their to stand on his own feet and to

childhood. think [or himself.

*r/T...m.'...

Try... compare.... see how Tang's

"flavor factor"magic brings out all ON THE BOOKRACK the goodness; zest and adds new

sparkle to all your dishes! HOW (ConcludedTO WRITE[com pageFOR538) authorssons ratheralso state.than aboutDealingthings,"with everythe

HOMEMAKERS phase of homemaking journalism from

speeches, programs, and radio work, fa*U) (Lou Richardson and Genevieve Callanewspaper and magazine articles to han. Iowa The State College Press, the text is never dull or tiring. Iowa. Ames, 1949. 206 The Perfect pages. $3.00.)

authors suggest The visualthat you Salad f is full "your mind ideas of good ize your audience, analyze Dressing your prob- I that keep nagging at you to be lem, organize thinking your to present written—and good ideas that you a logical solution to it, and then

give or that solution an unMLLEYS:ITS GOOD wouldothers,"sincerelyyou havelikethe tofirstpassqualificationalong to dramatizeusual twist will that repeople make

of a successful writer for homemakers, member it. This is the basic formula

say the authors of this excellent book. for success in writing which is carried

The book typifies exceptionally well through each chapter of this valuable the clear and friendly style which aphandbook for wouldbe homemaker let'your peals to homemakers. "Write to perjournalists. B. S.

Own "feste Make 3 SEARCH DILIGENTLY (Concluded from page 556) Salisbury where dusty and dry bndetfuf Home, both being of the parish of parchments had been scrutinized.

Woolhampton. Farther back in the These searches effected the identifiDiscovery/ registers was identified the family cation of over two hundred direct

of nine children of Peter and Ann blood relatives of the late Melvin

Appleby, one of whom was John, J. Ballard, consisting of the disof: covery christened 16 March 1678/9—none

Maybe ifs been years since yov tasted other than the father of Mary

Six 5th greatgrandparents milk. evaporated But since then a remarkAppleby.

able change has taken place—for today's Six 4th greatgrandparents

Morning Milk has a flavor you associate Martha Home, his wife, was Four 3rd greatgrandparents greatgrandparents 2nd rich with country cream. at Two christened 28 January 1667/8

the greatgrandparents, Two of This means you can enjoy the convenWoolhampton. six chilone of the

ience and economy in all of Morning Milk dren to Richard the "parish Home, finding five of and the new surcalling recipes for ordinary milk or cream. clerke,"and his wife Joan. of ancestors. the wives of names Morning Milk's And texture smooth rich and

flavor actually improve your recipes! To review the success attained, it Encouraged by the opening of

is interesting to note that in the prothese new avenues of inquiry, and

It's the delicious bate courts, twentysix wills and by the widening scope of the analyadministrations had been extracted sis, the family is now proceeding flavor that makes the difference! ordsand manyof twentysevenmore read. villagesCensus rechad withsearch,confidenceand this Ballardinto furtherinvestigare-

been carefully searched; eight tion is only at its. beginning. There

country parishes and one town parare numerous records yet to beMORNING ish had been visited and records searched in attempts to trace the searched; and the principal archive ancestry back to still more ancient MILK of the diocese had been visited at times.

580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How jobs were created

How hundreds of businesses were helped

How a new source of oil was tapped

The story behind deepwater oil

A few years ago, a test well proved there is land, and although oil has been found, not oil under the great Continental Shelf that enough has been produced yet to repay extends out into the Gulf of Mexico, and more than a small fraction of the costs.

although the well did not produce much, Meanwhile, the money being risked is it started one of the most unusual—and creating many jobs, spreading to hundreds

expensive—drilling programs in history. of large and small businesses... and helpSo far, in the search for underwater oil, ing to keep our economy free, competitive

seven drilling platforms have been built, and strong.

similar to the one above, as far as 10 miles offshore and in water as much as 65 feet deep. They are set on tubular steel pilings

driven 250 feet through the ocean's bottom, for they must be strong enough to withstand Gulf hurricanes.

The story behind this operation is the story of risk... and of determination to do

everything possible to find oil for the growing needs of motorists, farms and industries.

Each underwater field costs millions of dollars more than any of equal size drilled on

JULY 1950 581

SEEK FIRST THE KINGDOM OF GOD

(Continued from page 549) God lives, that Jesus is the Christ, and that Joseph Smith was a prophet of the with concentration six days a week Living God."

and rest on the seventh. With As he sat down I looked over the

Harvey Fletcher this has become audience, and it seemed to me that there

I house. in the... dry eye a not a tried and established principle. was

asked, to next the me and to turned man

The Sunday following graduation "Who is that boy?"He answered, "That

was fast day. George Albert Smith, is Harvey Fletcher, who has just received

then a member of the Council of the for the course he has taken the highest

Twelve, was in Chicago with Presihonor that has ever been given by his dent Joseph F. Smith. Of the university."*In spite of tempting offers to work

meeting they attended that day in the east, the young Ph.D. rePresident George Albert Smith had turned to Brigham Young Univerthis to say to students of Brigham sity because he felt a moral obligaYoung University some years ago: tion to do so. At the time he was

More than a dozen Latterday Saint the only member of the faculty with students from this part of the world had a doctor's degree. He reorganized

graduated from their colleges and were the department of physics, and some... Testimonies meeting. in the present teacher as a his ability of indication

that disappointed but borne, I was were his from fact that the comes from that he bore a testimony them of one not knew that the gospel was the power of classes came such scholars as Verne

God unto salvation.... Near the close Knudsen, now dean of the graduate

of the meeting a young boy stood up and school at U.C.L.A.; and Carl F.

said: Milton B. Hales, Eyring, Wayne Saint in a Latterday reared "I was of the Nichols and Joseph Marshall, taught to pray at my mother's home. I was

knee. We always had a blessing on the B.Y.U. faculty.

food and family prayers daily. After Each year at the close of the

parents school, made finishing high my re- a received he quarter spring the to Brigham of sending sacrifice me theSURPRISING THINGS ARE HAPPENING the to work for an offer newal of... I graduated University. When Young

TO OLD FAMILIAR FOODS!. from the B. Y my parents informed me Western Electric Laboratories. But

that they intended to send me east to each time for five years he turned

I overjoyed education, was and finish my Presito dinner invite approached it time he Next you Then down.

privilege."I that that have would to know his food friend that pushes the with who Smith F. dent Joseph he indicated, was has as been [Actually,

the out surprise life around ofhim! advised, Smith President problem. financially.] his to way own make able

Fix Ac'cent with chops it as opporan accept and "Go, profesfriends were of who "Some my like you've is nothing Ac'cent religion, live to If your east go tunity. you to you me, said sors 'When

(it flavoring a ever known. Not disappointto have going are school out you the for Church do more can you its Ac'cent flavor own), of adds no supervision the will under be ments. You here."can than there you flavors natural intensifies the good believe not what do who educated of men matter. For the settled poultry, That in meats, in already upset foods—will probably they believe, and you

gravies, soups, vegetables. some of your ideas, so don't be too ready the next thirtythree years, until

In working this wonder, some to bear your testimony.'compulsory retirement at the age of

scientists say, Ac'cent also urges "That was more than three years ago. sixtyfive, he did research for the

appreciataste a keener little to I the buds nervous I first a came, was When Laboratories, Electric if Western flavors. embarrassed felt I tion be I would of food because Bell Telebecame the which later teachings the of surrender any (a I had to Ac'cent can buy You 99+%

pure monosodium glutamate in of my parents to those who might be phone Laboratories.

that of I remember educated. my parwas put in charge At first he stores. better grocery crystal form) in many

that I left home ents told me when engineering. But ofif I transmission it in your vicinity, find If you can't

and of the Wisdom observe Word would Products that realizing card. us a ficials the Amino drop of company, Lord, the of commandments keep the 1-7, International Division, Dept. problems of commajor the some of retain in school and myI succeed would

Minerals & Chemical Corporation, faith. munication lay in the fields of

20 N. Wacker Drive, Chicago 6, 111. "I have now finished my course and respeech and hearing, set him to work

these years During diploma. my fields. to be in these came He soon In handy shakers ceived

scholarly men, trained I under been have authority on as a world regarded

I heard time entire have the during but rehis basic of matters. these Out the teachings conflicted with that nothing

of my childhood. I stand here today to search came the principles on which

say that I know better than I have ever modern voice communication is known before that the Church of Jesus based.

is the Saints Latterday of Christ true In 1933, with the death of H. D. of unto is the power God and church

salvation. I thank my Heavenly Father Arnold, director of research, Dr.

for the influence of real Latterday Saint Fletcher was put in charge of reHeavenly I thank Saint and home, my singly parentsday and the blessing of a real Lattersearch in the field of physics as here 'The Deseret News, Dec. 21, 1946 of being privilege for the Father

Triide M.-irk "Ac'cent"Reg. U.S. Pat. Off. today that I may bear my testimony that (Continued on page 584)

582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA——.:—-:

STYLE CHIPS

NUTRITION

YOUR BABY

ONE JUMP AHEAD

PTA

Appealing to women, with a side trip "for men only,"the Deseret News'MidWeek Edition the Mountain is another first—an exclusive with

West's first family newspaper. (Other metropolitan dailies have since adopted the idea, with

credits to the Deseret News.)

This "second Sunday edition"of your Deseret

News has not increased the cost of the paper to you. Mail or carrier delivered, still at the

same low $1.30 per month.

(Special paidin-advance rate of $4.50 for 6 months in maildelivery areas)

Phone 4-2581 8 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

JULY 1950 583 SEEK FIRST THE KINGDOM OF GOD (Continued from page 582) "Glamor Sheet."It is a stardegrees from Columbia University,

well as acoustics. This led to his studded list of appointments and Kenyon College, Stevens Institute,

appointment as director of research honors. He helped found the Case Institute of Technology, and

for the Bell Laboratories, the posiAcoustical Society of America and the University of Utah.

tion he held at the time of his retirewas its first president. On the twenHe served as president of the

ment in 1949. In this position he tieth anniversary of its organizaAmerican Physical Society in 1945;

was in charge of what is generally tion he was made an honorary as vicepresident of the American regarded as the outstanding laboramember. The only other man who Academy for the Advancement of

tory of its kind in the world. has been so recognized is Thomas Science in 193738; as president of

He smilingly speaks of his record A. Edison. the American Society for the Hard

of professional experience as his He has received honorary doctor's of Hearing in 192930; and as president of the Acoustical Society of

America in 192930. In addition to

membership in these organizations of distinguished scientists, he is a

LowCost AllisChalmers memberof Electricalof theEngineers,American theInstituteNational Academy of Sciences, Phi

Beta Kappa, Sigma Xi, and the Otological Society. He American

on IB Tractor is of the Committee a member

Hearing, Division of Medical Sciences, of the National Research

Council. During World War II

he was chief of the section on acoustics of the national defense research committee. He is the holder

of almost a score of patents.

Few men of American science -1 have been so widely recognized.

With all of this he has kept and magnified the faith of the parents who in his youth sacrificed to set him on his way. He has grown up

with the Church in New York City.

For ten years he served as president of the New York Branch, and in NWleMnte 1936 he was set apart as president AllJb."Mtf posiThis Stake. the of York New For a laborHere's hardworking 1942, filled tion with honor until he Allissaver that no season. The knows

Chalmers IB Tractor with its attachments—broom, when his release was made necessnowplow, crane and sickle bar—handles city maintenance sary by war work which kept him

jobs the year round. traveling about the country.

Sweeps streets and gutters, hauls trash carts, pulls drags of overhearing tells the story He rollers. and conversation men while of two the SPRING

Mows weeds along road shoulders with sickle bar, mainriding the ferry from his home in SUMMIT tains large grass areas with gang mowers. New Jersey to his office in New

York. One asked the other, "Did

Sweeps leaves, cleans walks, roads, streets and driveways. you know that that man Fletcher

at the Bell Laboratories is a MoriVJlMTtR'* "* getatPlows snow,places.clears and sweeps walks, alleys, other hardto- mon bishop?""Bishop!"exclaimed

the other, "he's an archbishop."

"QuickHitch"drawbar allows operator to hook onto and reThere is another standard by easier. safer, his Comjob seat the.. makes lease loads from the achievements to measure enwhich gravity of center. radius low turning design, and short pact

and the girl of the from Provo boy grades. steep safely it quarters, in close on quickly ables to work

Ask your AllisChalmers dealer to show you how the comhe took on a honeymoon to Chipact, powerful IB Tractor can reduce maintenance costs the cago. They have six children—one

year round. girl and five boys. The daughter is

successfully rearing a family of her own. Each of the five boys holds a

responsible position in industry or is a successful student. And all are ALLISCHALMERSTRACTOR DIVISION MILWAUKEE 1, U.S.A. active in the Church and have held

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA positions of responsibility in the which faces the Sacred Grove, is missionaries stationed there tcr serve wards and branches in which they the place where the Book of the public.

have lived. Mormon plates were deposited by To reach Hill Cumorah from PalDr. Harvey Fletcher was retired Moroni and by him delivered to myra, the direct route leads from the

last year. But he has not stopped Joseph Smith. The approximate "four corners"south on Cananthinking and doing. As a twentyplace is indicated by a small sign. daigua Street, which becomes Canyear-old research student he never A beautiful stone building in andaigua Road, to Cumorah, exactly

dreamed such wonderful dreams as Mayan style at the foot of the hill four miles. A large sign, the Bureau

he now envisions as a sixtyfive and at the entrance to the road to of Information, and the word yearold scientistemeritus. Morethe monument serves as both the Cumorah spelled out in hedge

over, he now has the background Bureau of Information for tourists identify the place.

and the prestige to make many of and friends and as the home of To reach Cumorah directly from those dreams come true. He talks of the director and his wife who are (Continued on following page)

stereophonic recording, for which he has been honored by the American

Academy of Motion Picture Engineers, of electronic instruments which will outperform the finestsymphony orchestras, of opera * T* houses the like of which have never been known.

After a few months spent in the area in which he grew up, he has now returned east to make realities of some of the things of which hehas been dreaming. He is at TABLE QUEENColumbia University with an honor- %

ary professorship, establishing a great new field of studies in acoustics, a field which to his everreach- ing mind is as limitless as the stars.

It is a far cry from the muddy streets of Provo and the dimlylighted halls of Brigham Young

University to recognition as one of the great scientists of the world.

Harvey Fletcher has walked that Here's a loaf of extra value—a

path with honor to his profession, premium bread in every way, to the parents who placed their faith thanks to skillful baking and the in his ability, and to the Church use of highest quality ingredients whose standards he has upheld. only. Next time, take Table Queen—for bread at its delicious

best. Look for it in the sparkling

white wrapper.

A Church History Travel Service

(Continued from page 564) the cutting of trees in that area and fsssiasJ since then the Sacred Grove has been left to grow as nature has directed.

It was while the Smith family was living on this farm that the

Angel Moroni visited Joseph. It was

here also that Joseph took the plates when he carried them from Hill

Cumorah in 1827. The Church now

owns the original farm and some additional adjoining. acreage flavor Three miles south and east is mnwn

the Hill Cumorah. The present

the placesroads are between two mm WTAMINS in as thosethe same used the days of the Prophet. On the west side VMM.,,.,

of the hill, near the top and not far from the impressive monument,:.:;:i:.:;;;:;wft.::::PWMZ-'X

JULY 1950 585.

CHURCH HISTORY TRAVEL SERVICE

(Continued from preceding page) At the farm is a Latterday Saint An important place of interest in the Sacred Grove, the route is south family who welcome visitors and Palmyra, but one about which comapproximately one mile to the first tell the history of the farm that paratively few people are informed, road running east (left), then one played a very important part in is the grave of Alvin Smith, Joseph's mile east to the first road running the bringing forth of the Book of eldest brother. Every person who

south (right), Canandaigua Road, Mormon. A large lakestone house is wellinformed in Church history

then south one mile to Cumorah. on the left with a sign in front knows the importance of the story

In 1829, when the manuscript identifies the farm. of Alvin Smith. While it is true

of the Book of Mormon was ready On Main Street in Palmyra, that he took the lead, as the eldest for publication, to meet the demands about onethird of a block east of son, in building the present home on of the printer Martin Harris mortthe post office and one and one the Joseph Smith farm and encourgaged one of several farms he third blocks east of the "four coraged his younger brother Joseph to follow instructions of the the in vicinity of the Palmyra.owned still ners,''stands the old Exchange faithfully withAngel and Moroni the one he farm mortgaged wasThe first in edition Building which the faltering, his in real out place living time. at the heon which was printof the Book was of Mormon history the assured Church was by It is mile north a little a than more

is It believed, ed. evidence 2 from fact that instruhe used was as an the "fourof corners"Church on

Street, which is a continuation, still to be seen, such as floors ment in the hands of the Lord in north of Main Street, of Canandaistained with printer's ink, that the teaching a great and vital truth gua Street which runs into Palmyra composing and pressrooms were to the Church and to the world re- ) floor, the bindery garding the celestial kingdom.from the south and which, in turn, on the third ( top

becomes Maple Avenue. After it on the second floor, and the bookThe grave of Alvin Smith is in

leaves the village of Palmyra it store on the ground floor. The the pioneer cemetery in Palmyra.

crosses the present New York State present owner is courteous and coIt is situated half a block north of

Barge Canal which originally was operative, and when conditions are the Methodist church at the "four the worldfamed Erie Canal. favorable permits visitors to go corners"where a metal sign gives

2Said to be one of the few places in the world through the building which now the history of the cemetery. Alvin's

where churches occupy all four corners of the interhouses a department store. grave is near the south line of the section.

Sure gives you a start..

and plenty of power! utoco Gasoline

THE FINEST WE HAVE EVER MADE

Put your mind at ease on thesegorgeous summer mornings with Utoco Improved Gasoline. You are

assured of quick starts, flashing pickups and plenty of power. Do as experienced motorists do when

they choose the brand of consistent, high quality.

Look for the famous Utoco emblem on the highway.

LUBRICATE FOR SAFETY

EVERY 1000 MILES See /oar utoco Venter for Superior Products andService

UTAH OIL REFINING CO.—41st Year of Progress

586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cemetery about half way from east and intermediate points including to west. It is reached by following Lyons, the county seat of Wayne

the path into the cemetery and then County, fifteen miles, and Newark How many going to the south line. The origi- (N.Y.) r nine miles. There is no salutes does a

nal headstone is still in place regular bus service from Canandaigovernor rate?

Palmyra, key point in this gua to Palmyra.

month's area, is twentythree miles By air the most satisfactory apsoutheast of Rochester and is proach is from Rochester where exreached by highway thirtyone. It cellent air service is maintained by

is sixtyfive miles west of Syracuse American Airlines on one of its What was the and can be reached by taking highprincipal routes. The same service largest baby

way 21 to Palmyra via Manchester is available approaching from SyraVillage and Hill Cumorah. Apcuse, but the distance to Palmyra ever born?

proaching Palmyra from the south, is much greater.

from the New York City area, a Next month the Auburn, New favorable route is highway 17 to York area, where Brigham Young

Owego, then highway 96 to Manspent his young manhood, became When do chester, and highway 21 to Palmyra, an expert carpenter and builder, goldfish

Hillvia which is four Cumorah set married, and miles south of Palmyra. himself up in spawn? j will discussed. business, be

From eastern York points, New 31 directhighway or highways 20 lines,Note:or Whenbus linesnamesare ofgiven,railroads,it shouldairor 5 to Canandaigua, then north on not be implied that there is any connection When was the

highway 21, lead to Palmyra. Faror arrangement with such concerns. This Liberty Bell

ther north highway 104, the "Ridge service is entirely independent and gives

Route,'can be followed to Williamtheinfluencebest frominformationany outsideavailablesource.without Lin Utah?

son where highway 21 intersects Persons traveling from the New York it and follows southerly to Palmyra. area to Palmyra can visit the Peter

By bus, excellent service to PalWhitmer home in the Town of Fayette,

York, County, Seneca by turning Newmyra is maintained from Rochester, miles three south west of Waterloo andtwentythree miles northwest, and going one mile -west. A sign on the left 212,26 5

from Syracuse, sixtyfive miles east. {going north) indicates the intersection. TIMES LAST YEAR

The celebrated New York SCOUTING FOR 11 - YEAR - OLD ROYS Times recently announced with pride that its Public Information (Concluded from page 565) presses his feelings and ours, as Service had answered 140,326

National and regional scouters, well as the policy of the M.I.A. questions for readers during 1948.

when they have had carefully exand the Church, in the following Needless to say, we of The Salt plained to them the new program words: Lake Tribune and Salt Lake Telefor elevenyear-olds in the Church, After many years of close contact with gram are therefore doubly proud

have been very enthusiastic about leaders,scouting andthroughwith manynationalScouts andof variouslocal ofansweredthe 212,26!)by questionsour LibrarythatInforwere

it. They see in the plan, as we do, faiths, I am convinced that participation mation Service during 1949.

the possibility of getting our youth in this splendid program is one of the that delighted our are We worthwhile experiences our boys in into the promost a plannedout open authorito for us readers look can have. will that than anydo moregram tative their to questions answers princilike the ideals of scouting, The

thing else to teach them the ideals ples of the gospel of Jesus Christ, are inand problems. More than 20,000

of scouting, which are the ideals tended to make boys better companions, employe hours were spent last of the Church more useful citizens, and happier indiyear to maintain this reader servviduals. feel helps build ice which we Smith, President Albert George

It is desire scouting to see extended my excellent reputhe maintain and seer, revelator,prophet, and and to in the that is every boy Church where tation for public confidence and of the all scouter Church, exat possible.ranking service which The Salt Lake

Tribune and Salt Lake Telegram enjoy.

LEHI IN THE DESERT (Continued [com page 567) The great depressions that run for The Salt Lake Tribune all about everlasting hills, but who hundreds of miles across the AraSalt Lake Telegram ever heard of a steadfast valley? bian peninsula pass for the most

plains part through devoid of mounto Arabs, be sure. For themThe

Answers to questions above; 281 It is tains. is in these prehistoricthe valley, not the mountain, and

the symbol of permanence. It is riverbeds alone that water, vegeta- 1—Nineteen 2—1 8 pounds at birth

not the mountain of refuge to which tion, and animal life are to be found, 3—April or May 4—July 11, 1915

they flee, but the valley of refuge. (Continued on following page)

JULY 1950 587

Lehi in the Desert

{Continued from preceding page) when all else is desolation."82 They

offer the Arab the only chance of escaping detection from his enemies and death from hunger and thirst.

The qualities of firmness and steadfastness, of reliable protection and sure refuge when all else fails, which other nations attribute naturally to mountains, the Arabs attribute to valleys. 2S3

( To be continued BIBLIOGRAPHY

201Ibn Qotaiba, Introduction au Livre de la

Poesie et des Poetes, Muqaddamatu Kitabi shShi're iva shShu'ara (ed. GaudefroyDemombynes,

Paris, 1947) Pt. 15

-8LArabia Felix, p. 153

263Antoine de SaintExupery, Wind, Sand, and

Stars (N.Y., Reynal & Hitchcock. 1939)

Kitab Taghriba Bani Hilal (Pub. Moh. Hashim

in Syria) p. 54

267GoIdriher, op. cit. I, 6769. Brockelmann and

Jacob say the same 2Id. 70f mid. p. 59 2eRM. pp. 7275

26Ibn Qotaiba, op. cit., Pt. 23; Goldziher, p. 74:

the saj'was very repetitious in form

Isaiah V, 1-7; P. Cersoy, "V Apologue de la

Vigne,"271 Ibn Qotaiba,Rev. Bibliqueop. cit.,8 (1899),p. 54f, 4047n. 70

273"I cannot well explain the effect of Arab poetry, on one who has not visited the Desert. Apart

from the pomp of words, and the music of the sound, there is a dreaminess of idea, etc."Pilg. to

AlMadinah II, 99. Lehi's language is of this simple,

noble, but hazy kind.

27SGust. Richter, "Zur Entstehungsgeschichte der

altarabischen Qaside,"Deutsche Morgentandische

Ges. Ztschr. 92 (1939), p. 557f. The passage cited

is from 'Antar.

27*W. pp. 563-5

27627r'IbnC. Brockelmann,Qotaiba, op. Gesch.cit.. Sect.der Arabischcn12 Litteratur (Weimar, 1898) I, 16

277Burton, Pilg. to AlMadinah, etc., I, 278, n. 3

27SRichter, op. cit., p. 558

27BEven the greatest Arabic poems'consist of disconnected couplets, each a complete poem in itself and having no connection with the other lines; it

was even thought bad taste to deviate from this rule, according to Brockelmann, Gesh. der arab. Lit.

(Leipzig, 1909), p. 12

2S0Burton,2S1 "... op.fromcit.theII, plain298 this gorge is hardly

suspected...."Woolley & Lawrence, Wilderness

of Xin, p. 137, speaking of a particularly impressive

valley. 2S2See above, note 2S3Thus Zohair, in Mu'alliqat III, 13: "And when

they went down to the water, blue and still in its depression, they laid down their walkingsticks like one who has reached a permanent restingplace."

"Modern Missionary Campaign"

(Continued from page 560) keen competition was apparent and where honors had to be won by For Your Reading Pleasure intelligentSecond Placeeffort:in Percent of Quota

Second Place in Total Subscriptions

Three wards in the Hall of Fame

Each Month of the Year One of the Era's most loyal supporters, Phoenix must be reckoned with in every campaign by those

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA whoLos Angelesaspire to highStakehonors.Ranks with

Top Leaders 12 Issues $2.50 Los Angeles Stake made a

strong bid for leadership honors

Essasztsur and finished in two positions of 588 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA distinction. With just under a thouLethbridge is DoubleCitation

sand total subscriptions and well toStake—Leads in Lamanite

ward 300% of quota, Los Angeles Subscriptions

Stake placed number three in both Your Church University

Leading in one or both listings categories to earn a double citation during a great part of the campaign which was awarded at June conand making a new record for CanaThis Month Begins the ference when outstanding leaders dian stakes, Lethbridge Stake Observance of its of the Church were honored. (Continued on following page)

DIAMOND JUBILEE 4 Jime for YEAR.EMEMBERJNG

BY RICHARD L EVANS Founded Oct. 16, 1875, by a

T ooking forward from our youth and looking back after deed of trust executed by Pres.

youth has passed present two very different perspecBrigham Young, it has grown tives. As parents we see the future in our children. But under the sponsorship of the

as children we see the present and the future in ourselves. Church of Jesus Christ of LatterWhen we are young, our parents may look very old to

us. But even when we feel that we are quite grown up, day Saints to a respected position

I we may still look very young to them. We change so among American educational instigradually that we may not know when it is that we become tutions.

old in the eyes of others. The generations come and go,

with children becoming parents, parents becoming grandparents, and youth growing up to take their places, while AUTUMN QUARTER REGISTRATION others move on, as life endlessly unfolds. There are WILL BE HELD SEPTEMBER 25, 26

times when we would stay the step of time. There are

days we wish would linger longer. But time will not be

stayed. There are times, with our children around us, Make your application for admission

t when we would like to keep them as they are—safe from at least a month before that time life—safe from all untoward influences. There are times

when we have our loved ones with us, and we may hope that it will always be so. But in this life, here and now, WRITE FOR YOUR CATALOGUE TO

it isn't always so. And there come those times when

our hearts cry out for a turning back of the hours and of "Y"PRESS the years, as the poet pleaded:

"Backward, turn backward, O Time, in your flight, dSriakam [/loui Make me a child again just for tonight! %

Mother, come back from the echoless shore,

Take me again to your heart, as of yore; nwerMulit U Kiss from my forehead the furrows of care,

Smooth the few silver—Elizabeththreads outAkersof myAllenhair;..."PROVO, UTAH

"Backward, turn backward, O Time, in your flight"—But

time does not turn back. It moves its measured course.

at the on linger longer move wish the would days we And OFFER... WE f see to are glad as the days pace we measured same COMPLETE go. A

it will not ENGRAVING SERVICE And since time will not turn back—and since

all reother Portraits this Largest let to the Missionary there on wait, From be days—a day—and Catalogues. old, to the the and thoughtfulness from young of newal

Attention Mail Prompt Orders Given life, in is of time for there no to the young, old from the youth or in age, when we may not be lonely; there is no UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

time when we are not hurt by thoughtlessness or neglect. 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

All of us, young and old alike, have need to be loved and understood, to be cherished and remembered.

DRINK Uke Spoken lA/ord from temple SQUARE

BROADCOLUMBIA PRESENTED AND THE OVER KSL A delightful 14, 1950 SYSTEM, CASTING MAY for those hot beverage

Revised Copyright 1950 who don't drink coffee.

AT YOUR GROCERS JULY 1950 589

"MODERN MISSIONARY CAMPAIGN"

the distinction of earning two won its brilclosely Following upon CLAIM YOUR (Continued from page 589) Snowflake Makes Great Record citations and leading the Church it liant record of last year when

HAIRITAGE inthe Lamaniteearly partsubscriptions.of the yearDuringLethwascitation,awardedYoungthe StakeLeaderearnedof Leadershigh

... of a bridge met a serious obstacle behonors again this year.

in intercause of an adjustment in citation Included the double handsome, national but exchange, with a list with fifth place in percent healthy head spirit that united the entire stake, quota and seventh in total subof

is scriptions, to not Snowflake be

it the recognition of hair.. brushedthis andasideotherand obstaclesan alltime wererecdenied has won

ord for Canadian stakes was set. and held for many years. Its

Records in the Eva office indihonors place it well up with the cate that seventyfive Lamanite leaders of the Church, with five

From childhood families now receive the Era each wards again in the Hall of Fame.

result as a of energetic month an wellclean-looking, up, glossy, Falls Due Full highly effort successful and of LethSouth Idaho hair is a real asset. groomed Recognition stake, bridge following the sugges-

L.B. will add needed natural oils, tion of President George Albert Inaugurating new methods and

give "life"and luster, train unruly Smith. If that record could be carrying the true missionary spirit

adolescent hair, help control danmatched in all stakes and missions, through the entire campaign, South druff. one of the biggest missionary moveIdaho Falls deserves rank among

ments in Church history would be the outstanding Era stakes of the

FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY under way. It is a goal for all to Church. Sixth in percent of quota

work toward. and ninth in total subscriptions

FOR THE HAIR NEW L.B.

CREAMED SHAMPOO IF YOUR HAIR PowderedunNEEDS HEIP... IT NEEDS I.B.

-:: i: -:;S ': fSi >!;::: r-': -.:|: >:: "j: J. '-. ':?Xi&Zlt: L rilPl

VVAROKU TO

"JHooern jtltggtonarp Campaign"

exceptional Honor gtefntbementg

AitTiro?

,\!S-! l

A!!-T:

'S-xsfT.

-vT

ii

*Yt*.feT..'.. V.W* KUm M*Mi?- tktfw Mas: M,.S.,lrflj>lI 'S.JJJ4.ICS,-*;*'/.<ky>iKW; {*.-!>/K-wS Wfl,AifliiaiSflf, t*pfc*l/*SH.ttiWri.:*.

bISbf, Xiipfcrtitt S'tfl.ve ft**.s.(i ftf*tf*. T-

flltiri. l.V.,.;;.?'(-:/.iin l)'Vc(,-f; Sft'a 'IV.'.-:,-flW Mifctr. fiori.fc V4*r9-($>P /*'*, The Improvement Era ViMdB

12 Issues—$2.50

590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wins for South Idaho Falls one of in Total Subscriptions; First in Percent

the first of the beautiful new Permaof Quota.

in Percent Phoenix Stake—Second

SubscripPlaque citations. of in Total Quota; Second

Rigby Stake Wins Double tions.

in PerStake—Third

SubThird in Total Honors centLosofAngelesQuota;

To Rigby Stake went double scriptions.

honors in the modern missionary Lethbridge Stake-—Fourth in Percampaign. Holding eighth place cent of Quota; Sixth in Total Subscripin percent of quota and tenth place tions.

in Percentin total subscriptions, the Rigby Snowflake Stake—Fifth

of Quota; Seventh in Total SubscripStake citation included indication tions.

of the double achievement during South Idaho Falls Stake—Sixth in

the past year. Percent of Quota; Ninth in Total SubDouble Citation Winners scriptions.Rigby Stake—Eighth in Percent of

Missions and stakes winning double Quota; Tenth in Total Subscriptions.

Citations awarded to this group incitations were: cluded both positions earned in the GetGdin

Missions modern missionary campaign.

Southern States Mission—First in Other HighHonor Stakes

Total Subscriptions; First in Percent

of Quota. Stakes which rated high honors

North Central States Mission in the campaign for outstandSecond in Total Subscriptions; Second ing achievement include: MT.

in Percent of Quota. OGDEN, with a campaign that has Pick a vacation packed with pleasure!

Stakes gone into the records as a model fromFunfilledthe playlandsHistoric Eastinviteto youWestern... South Los Angeles Stake—First (Continued on following page) Wonderlands, from cool Canada to

sunny Old Mexico. Take to the highway of romance on a Greyhound

Amazing America Tour—hotel accommodations, transportation, and special

sightseeing—all included for one low

cost! Get full information from your

Greyhound Agent NOW!

ALL ALUMINUM

TRIPLE TRACK STORM WINDOWS AND FINEST r*,fy3f,0z STORM xtra<&rtrinarp Ik DOORS AWARDED TO Keep Out s>out!} Hos Angeles takt Cold Drafts

l'i>i 7 rtrfy littnurh Save on mm Fuel "0lQtotttt ffli$$iamvp Campaip"19491950 Stop Sweaty exceptional Ijouor gkiiiebemenfs: Windows

EASY TERMS Mai! (>! 1 ami Call or Write

TV Ward m South Los Ai iid Honors ic STOACO INTERMOUNTAIN, INC.

</ Vffi-'r'fyj 4847 So. State, Murray, Utah

MURRAY 955 SALT LAKE 9-4107

tffv*u-&ri: etc.-. i-jA:,{AfMfHyi,::'/>.: Please have one ol your representatives

i'jj /? >/ \ f? J call and give us a free estimate.

AJ.-i.l

ret On* Address.:

-* Town State

v -..-.-, i..-J,Wli.dtfc.,;: -V

JULY 1950 591

"Modern Missionary Campaign"

( Continued from preceding page for stakes similarly situated; EMIGRATION, the one stake in the

Salt Lake City area to qualify for a citation; MINIDOKA, a perennial citation winner and a most

constant Era supporter; OGDEN,

long a leader in Eta Campaigns and many times a citation winner; FLORIDA, first stake in

the Church to reach 500% of quota

BRING THE WESrS in its first year as a stake;

CHICAGO, far from becoming a SERVICE stranger to Eta citations.

TO YOUR North Central States Mission

HOME TOWN Scores in Both Groups -alley's; North Central States Mission, -M

The Agent KOLOB the community its recordbreaking spurred on by friendliest in to man serve isyour It's town—readyin your And FLAVORSIMMERED every insurance efficiently need at and low District, Minnesota made a West cost, because represents he the Lntermountain The Home -Made Way! largest West's General Agency. that reflects great record excellent Strong stock fair Company

... policies—promptInsurance See smell the difference in settlement of claims. leadership the and true missionary Nalley's Beef. Stew!.. taste Packed with big

spirit. Finishing second only to chunks of choice lean beef, loaded

with gardenfresh vegetables, smoththe unbelievable performance of in ered delicious chefblended Southern States Mission, North Tastes homemade.., yet readygravy!to

Central States led all other misserve in seconds! Ask you grocer

sions by wide margins. today!

FRANK SALISBURY, Mgr.

330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City Other Mission Leaders Gain High Positions NALLEY'S BEEF STEW

Missions with outstanding recit's as simple ords, although not in the double as this citation lists but which have earned a place are: NORTHWESTERN

MISSION, STATES with more ALL-O-WHEAT than a thousand subscriptions and CEREAL third place in the mission listings for total subscriptions; WESTTheCerealBestfor andYour MostFamilyHealthfulto Eat!

with Better caps & lids ERNthird in CANADIANpercent of quota;MISSION,GREAT ALL-O-WHEAT

LAKES, a citation winner in its contains these valufirst year as a mission; CENTRAL ablein theirfoodnaturalelementsstate: ATLANTIC STATES MISSION, Calcium, Iron, Phos-

a special citation winner; and phorus, Thiamine, Riboflavin, Niacin, VitaCENTRAL PACIFIC MISSION,

min A, and Pantoalso a special winner by reason of thenic Acid.

the double citation rule. IT'S STEEL CUT

Highlights of the Campaign to retainSTEELall CUTNOTthe naturalGROUNDgoodness and

In thirtyone stakes husbands nutrition of highquality wheat. Cut

to fineness for quick a aid cooking—an and wives served as stake Eta diin loss avoiding of 1. heavy important food Steel—Resilientembossing gauge,Quality no weakening or rectors. In a large of values. number

bulging. this wards combination same was 2. coat food Extra coating—Third IS ALL-O-WHEAT lacresistant acid gold enamel on also effectively. used the Heading tin. quer, on to DELICIOUS the Taste list live Builtin 3. latex of "family"Latex directors the rings—were

jar rings rims against for cushion to NUTRITIOUS the Body Llewellyns of Lethbridge vacuums. high Stake EASY PREPARE TO 4. tOO Easier "off"—Exclusive in double citahonors They won provides easy thread design "on VERY to use ECONOMICAL

andofl."list tions in the and headed LamaAsk your or local grocer health store 5. Special Packing No Even—nite subscriptions. prying to to separate. for Packed back today

back. Slide out ready to use. Exactly the same number of ALL-O-WHEAT

At *%<**< pet at5 oh% evitd stakes and missions earned places Or Write to ALL-O-WHEAT CO.

Most on The Improvement Eta Scroll Ogden, Utah

Alt-O-Wheat available in now Good health Pacific Coast stores Stores BerNARdin of Honor by reaching their qualiCAPS & LIDS fying quotas as were recorded 592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to in send the Lamaplan this the qualifying Era tolast year. By

of nites. sizable eligible wards NEW DRIPLESS units these number weremanner A

for the cash awards and the higher and stakes particularly made the PLASTIC SACRAMENT SET honors reserved for outstanding Lamanite gift subscription plan a leaders. feature of the closing days of the with Automatic Locking folding handles

A new feature of the citation campaign.

award plan is to have stake superThe magnificent record of the intendents of Y.M.M.I.A. and modern missionary campaign is

presidents of Y.W.M.I.A. join with a tribute to thousands of Era workstake Era directors in receiving the ers throughout the Church who

citations at June Conference. have devoted themselves without

New interest was added to the stint to this modern missionary campaign by the inauguration of cause.

I. yf Canii LnovtakBY RICHARD L EVANb Set consists of 2 pieces, a bread and water tray, in beautiful appearin detail, said to repeat 'T'he past is sometimes itself—not

patterns. in broad but in principle perhaps, and And ing plastic (choice of Crystal or Milk

by the pattern of the past, acute observers and thoughtful White). Note the large sturdy handles

philosophers have often played their part in predicting (all handles are Crystal) that auto-.:. what might be expected if certain practices are persistently matically lock in place. Handles fold

pursued. In addition, there are also the predictions of

the prophets, which are frequently referred to for the down, out of the way, when not in lessons that they leave us. From Daniel, in Babylon, for use; requiring only 1/3 the space of

example, we read of "the handwriting on the wall"which old type sets.

has since become a symbol for foreseeing unfortunate events. But there is this comforting consideration: PreWater trays feature a special rim

the continuance or disdictions are often dependent upon

In around each individual cup opening particular of conduct. course of some continuance

other words they often say: If you do this, this will hapas well as around outer edge of tray.

pen; or if you don't do this, this will not happen. It is This practically eliminates inconvensomewhat as the parent pronouncing punishment upon the ience of dripping water. This is a

child if he persists in his wayward ways, or promising special patented feature.

reward if he does what he should do. It would seldom seem

that calamitous consequences come without warning without the handwriting on the wall for all to see who will ORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY see. And surely we must assume that unfavorable preSets available at Presiding Bishop's

dictions may be altered if people are repentant. One conOffice - Salt Lake City, Utah

vincing case is that of Nineveh, the ancient city to which or Order Direct from

Jonah was sent. When Jonah reluctantly got around to

doing his duty, he predicted Nineveh's destruction in forty days. But the encouraging part of this picture is THE PLASTICAL COMPANY

that Nineveh repented. From the king to the lowliest of 405 Centinela Ave., Inglewood, Calif.

his subjects the people were repentant, and the city was saved. It is encouraging to know that men and nations

and peoples can escape threatened consequences if early enough they are willing to change an unwise course of PROFITABLE DAYS conduct, if early enough they are willing to depart from AHEAD FOR prodigality, if early enough they return to sound princiall practices. of repentneed have Perhaps ples and we s PUISH to are, there ance, no if, erring as were and we all way

turn, if there were no possibility of repentance, the picture GRADUATES f might be much more darkly discouraging. But it is most trainingCapitalizenow! onYou'llQUISHbe a

beautician when early that repentance encouraging is possible—if proenough competentgraduated. QUISH

with technical vides you are willing conduct. course of people to change their

gained and knowledge ENROLL in 25 SEND FOR TODAY! NOW FHEEskill years.CATALOG

Jke Jpohen Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

OF SCHOOL PRESENTED COLUMBIA THE OVER KSL AND; \- BROADii: viiR'i'l'iv

21, 1950 33* CASTING SYSTEM, SOUTH MAIN MAY

JULY 1950 593

EIGHT WITH A GRIZZLY

(Concluded from page 561 find him. Frank met Father about

times with his sharp claws, tearing ten minutes from the house. When

it badly. With his back downhill he came near him, he called, "Is

and that fierce beast upon him, that you, Pa?"

Father was ready to give up. Just He answered, "Yes, my boy, why

then it seemed that an unseen power didn't you come two hours sooner?"

raised him up and gave him These were the last words he spoke strength. As he righted himself, for some time.

he caught the eyes of the bear in When Father did not come in, a close stare. Mother opened the door and saw

Father was a large man, about Frank half carrying Father, whose six feet three, and the bear was so face was deathly white, his clothes tall that his paws rested straight torn, bloodstained, and frozen to on Father's shoulders, and they him. We helped him into the house

were now in this position. The and seated him in a big chair beface of the bear was so near fore the open fire. The handkerFather's face he could feel every chief wrapped around his wounded

breath. At the first stare the bear hand was frozen stiff, but it had

stood still. Then as Father constopped the bleeding and perhaps

tinued to stare, the bear dropped saved his life.

down on all fours and started He was suffering from shock, exslowly away. haustion, hunger, and cold, and he PROTECTION Father stood and stared at the was unable to speak. It was perhaps

bear, which went a little way, an hour before he could stand to stopped and looked back, then have any of his wet and bloody walked on. Father dropped down clothes removed.

drink some him helped Mother the kept but exhausted watching ALUMINUMj4i COMBINATION DOORS bit. him a revived it hot which soup until sight. out of bear Then, was Alumatic aluminum doors are a hurt asked, "What Mother his taking his Then red from bandana permanent improvement! Screen

or storm panels quickly slip into pocket, he wrapped his hand, which you?"He only said, "A bear."

a strong aluminum frame that was bleeding profusely, and picked Mother dressed his hand with clean to bed. got him and finally his the of remains gun, which bandages never needs repairs!—pAT PENO. up did still Father Days passed, the the sights had broken stock and IMPROVED! not

off, the hammer bent, with marks say a word of what happened, and of the bear's teeth all over the barhis eyes had the dazed, faraway f/tumritic. rel. He also picked up a claw look of shock. Five of six days

ALUMINUM COMBINATION which had been torn from the passed before he told us what had

STORM AND bear's foot; this measured three happened. Father didn't tell this

SCREEN WINDOWS save fuel by insulatinches long. With these he started story often and then only to those

ing the entire windown the mountainside. Twice, behe chose.

dow opening! fore reaching the house, he was The following spring a cowboy

with exhaustion from loss Guaranteed largest the of remains the found by *> FHA terms overcome *"Goad Housekeeping his trying experience of blood and as seen, ever and he bear had '*iJ Hi'V'i ai** and lay down thinking he would several front teeth were broken off

For Complete Information die there. After a little rest, howand a claw missing from one of its

CALL or WRITE ever, he went on again. Darkness front toes, we were sure that it was

came when he was only halfway the one Father had fought.

INSULATIONS INC. downair andthehismountain.wet clothesThe madecold nighthim

1349 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah so stiff and uncomfortable that he Phone 8-051 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column decided to make a fire and try to warm himself a little before starting {Continued from page 569) for home, but the wood was wet or carton, the state monopoly method and his hand was so badly torn—would reduce the amount of liquor

that it was hopeless. So, wearily he consumed. To some people, such a

is it not apparent; claim but seems into himself the saddle dragged andIIV FIFTY for OVER USE YEARS

are figures above named The rein. It the the horse the true. took gave of in treatment simple Canker,Aids Spirits "Distilled those the given by being without homeward urged throatsore other minor and mouth trail Institute, Inc."a Washington, D. C, for practicalguided, or Father was irritations. throatand facts, in guesses. that not deals concern

to ly anything unable than do more himself in the saddle. balance

license ("sale for the ment system by HALLS But another frequentlyused arguREMEDY worried had become The family is "will the drink") that drinkers have Salt Lake City, Utah and had sent Frank on a horse to their liquor,"hence why not make it 594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA convenient of access at town or city licensed stores. The municipality

would then get the license money, thus reducing the amount necessary to raise by taxes. To unthinking people,

to -appeals—anything TWO ROOFS But what are the M thiskeep argumenttaxes down.

facts? The April 17 issue of The Clipsheet, a highgrade publication of IN ONE!

Enjoy All This, And theMethodistBoard Church,of Temperancegives an indisputof the iiiiMil Food, Tiiii! able answer from Pontiac, Michigan,

which is as follows:

Yes sir, when you visit Salt Lake A survey shows alcoholism cost Pontiac

City you want to be comfort- $246,000 in 1949; 218 places licensed to

able, you want pleasant sursell alcoholic liquor in Pontiac brought to roundings and you want a conthe city $17,573.75 in license fees—a net

venient location. Hotel Temple loss to the city of $229,301.25.

Square gives you all this, The Pontiac Daily Press, February 9,

PLUS—delicious food in the Cof1950, said, "What price does Pontiac pay

It said might alcoholism?"have what fee that is the city's favorfor Shop PABC0 for price Pontiac allowing does pay the PABCO family dining. ite for

liquor. sale Pontiac alcoholic of The

survey is the most thorough so far made in Michigan. Below is the Pontiac Daily

Press article.

"What price does Pontiac pay for alSHINGLE coholism? "This is one of the questions raised by DOUBLE COVERAGE

Hotel the campaign to improve Skid Row condiPLUS

It in area. tions the shopping downtown shingle that is guarNew roof Square Temple logical to that sequel bearing a has on the anteed doublecoverage 100%

Clarence L. West, Mgr. serious is a campaign, which community plus triplecoverage. 33V3%

attempt to meet the challenge of chronic This doublecoverage-plus alcoholic alcoholism up an by setting infeature years means added in Pontiac. formation center and clinic

protection. of weathertight

"That attempt has been proposed. Definitely, the shingle of the

"To secure information on which to century that is:

Join the LD.S. Party base a decision as to the seriousness of

To the Centennial Celebration the need, R. H. Boyer, 11 Waldo Street, "Built to Beat

the survey, following using municipal made records, court municipal criminal the Weather!"state and

court dockets, city and county auditors'and welfare records, and chamber of commerce."HAWAII

The details of costs are given under seven headings as follows: ( 1 ) Arrests, commitments, losses, totaling 50

ALL EXPENSE $52,848; (2) Judiciary, police, jail

(Except Meals) costs, totaling $22,965; (3) Welfare

expenditures totaling $60,660; (4) InAIR dustrial loss totaling $110,208; (5)

10DAY EXCURSION Total community and economic loss, $246,875.

Including Luxury Sky Ride on fast, dependable, DC4 especially equipped for overseas flying; limousine airportto- What alcoholic liquor is costing

hotel service; Aloha flower Lei; Waikiki Pontiac, in proportion, is about what it is

Hotel Beach sightseeaccommodations; city costing your community. and How

ing tours limousine including allday by long can Pontiac or other any community

Circle Island visit 100mile to with Tour in continue to Michigan allow the liquor

Laie; at Pearl Temple or Harbor Mormon

traffic to place such a burden our on service Tour; Koko HeadKailua limousine peoYOU TIME

back to airport and luxurious overnight ple? What does this survey do to the sky ride home. revenue argument so often made by the WORK and

liquor traffic?

Tour Department MONEY/ CALIFORNIA INTERMOUNTAIN NEWS Pontiac received in license fees 8717 Compton Avenue $17,573.75 and paid out to take care of

Los Angeles 2, California the alcoholic burden $246,875.00..C.P.

Ask About Our In the light of these figures, how can Jam (Jelly

PECTIN TOUR TIME PLAN itprofitbe saidby licensingthat any cityor permittingor town would"sale by the drink"? MORE FOR YOUR MONEY

JULY 1950.

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

possess. The otherwise (Continued 547) not from page might TRAVEL the from is ruins where the Quirigua an excerpt now following

stands, was in "this land."This editorial.

seems to place many Book of Mor- "Since our 'Extract'was pubin activities that region. mon The lished from Mr. Stephens''Inciinteresting in this fact connection

is that the Prophet Joseph Smith at dents of Travel,'8c, we have found

WE HAVE THE this time was editor of the Times another important fact relating to

WORLD and Seasons, and had announced the truth cf the Book of Mormon.

ON DISPLAY his full editorial responsibility for Central America, or Guatemala,

SHOP IN OUR the paper. 8 1 his seems to give the is situated north of the Isthmus of

Department Store of Travel subjoined article an authority it Darien and once embraced several

Among Our Services 3:710.8TimesSeeandalsoSeasonsHistory ( Nauvoo,of the Church111., 18391846):(March 2. hundred miles of territory from

city of ZaraACCOMMODATIONS 1842) 4:524 north to south—The i'-<5>i

PASSPORTS AND VISAS AGENTS FOR WORLDWIDE TRAVELSTEAMSHIP LINESAIRLINES RAILROADS DESTINATION

BY RICHARD L EVANS Our Service Costs You

Nothing Ane of our most common characteristics is that we selWrite or Phone dom seem to have arrived at precisely where we think we want to go. It is a restless world. And the chances

UNIVERSAL are that even those who have what we think they would want, don't have quite what they think they want. We are

TRAVEL SERVICE pressed into pursuing many purposes, but it almost alMezzanine Hotel Temple Square ways seems that we are occupied with the pursuit rather

Dial 3-3419 than with che settled enjoyment of what we have already arrived at. Anticipation almost always exceeds realization.

to to but go, back, are glad eager then often be and We you buy new BEFORE to again. back, being eager with go and soon bored We h.. screens for present, the impatient impatient the are often with and

hThis BEFORE you repaint or future to unfold. Of course, part of the future unfolds

rewire your old ones—each day, but we are impatient for yet some further future. h

It will pay you to investAnd what we thought would satisfy yesterday, we find is it! igate RYLOCK. Send on acquisition, does not so fully satisfy today. Like an

coupon for information, errant knight, we cannot be content with the conquests past, but are ever after added experience and everTHE name of nearest dealer. of the

reaching for what is just a bit beyond. There may be

much more restlessness in life than should be so; but part

of it, no doubt, is as was intended,.because our existenceRYLOCK here is not in itself an end. Life is a journey and not a

here or hereafterTension destination—an eternal journey, in which

there will always be something to beckon us on. There

WINDOW may be periods of brief content. There may be periods of

precious rest and of pausing between pursuits. But it

for us to beSCREEN doesn't seem to be in the nature of things wetoo thinkcompletelywouldcontent,make usandso, eventherewhenis everwe withinacquireuswhatthe spirit of moving on—for immortal man must always have

unconquered conquests, and a large part of the pleasure is in the pursuing. We may be grateful that there are

always unaccomplished purposes, here and hereafter.

And we may be comforted that we can look forward to being again with those who have gone before—for life

is a journey and not a destination. Man is on an eternal

LTD. COMPANY RYLOCK this very restlessness is added evidence that Leandro, Calif. march, and Ave., San 2485 Washington we are ever on our way.

You may send me complete information.

Jke Spoken iVord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, MAY 28, 1950

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hcmla, burnt at the crucifixion of the

Savioi, and rebuilt afterwards, tood upon thi land, as will be seen from the following words in the POPULARITY!book of Alma:—'And now it was

only the distance of a day and a More housewives cook electrically half's journey for a Nephite, on the than by any other method, in the line Bountiful, and the land Desolaterritory we serve.

tion, from the east to the west sea;

and thus the land of Nephi, and the land of Zarahemla was nearly surrounded by water: there being a small neck of land between the land Why}

northward and the land southward.''[See Book of Mormon 3rd

edition 28081.] Ask anyone who uses an Electric

"It is certainly a good thing for Range. the excellency veracity, of the and

divine authenticity of the Book of

Mormon, that the ruins of Zarahemla have been found where the UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

Nephites left them: and that a large

stone with engravings upon it, as

Mosiah said: and a 'large round

stone, with the sides sculptured in hieroglyphics,'as Mr. Stephens has

published, is also among the left remembrances of the, (to him,) lost and unknown. We are not going to

declare positively that the ruins of

Quirigua are those of Zarahemla, but when the land and the stones and the books tell the story so plain, we are of the opinion, that it would require more proof than the Jews could bring, to prove the disciples stole the body of Jesus from the tomb, to prove that the ruins of the city in question, are not one of those referred to in the

Book of Mormon."9

They who work on the geography for a of the of Book little Mormon have DEVICE KIND OF ANY NO else Qracious than the Ceremony preceding approaches IN EITHER EARwith to which viz: work, that

IS HARDOF-HEARING above shown MAN THE CemarNephites found their the Acousticon, invention wearing way by a new into what first manufacturer and oldest ing aids.is now the state of Illinois; that WAFFLE SET He now HEARS AGAIN,of electricalyet therehearis

the plates to his this in ear! of device the no kind any of Thanks of Book Mormon with waffles? Be winsome Yes, invention of Acousticon, thousands new bywere in found hill a in northwestern free last are of at wearing any men and women } you gracefully can preparing

,, their in ear kind aid socalled of hearing no State; YorkNew that a statement in at this table "invisible"them earpiece or of "phantom"deeprose ANYexists of doubtful authenticity kind, pressure that headband, no no anywhere! set... strawberry a large batter all, this And, most invention amazing of newLehi his and party landed the on helps to him bowl, BETTER EVER! beating pitcher, HEAR THAN sugarshore of the land now as known THE GET FREE STORY WHOLE shaker tray. serving Irreand or not Whether aid, you a wear hearing nowChile; that and the under Prophet's sistibly it..so, you to yourself charming. to discover, owe so smart! cost without

editorship Central America was or obligation, the facts about this new invention. neglect Don't your don't deafness—butdenominated the region of Book of it advertise Fill in and mail the coupon atbetter *!$ at for once I information. FREEeither!Mormon activities. ACOUSTICON, I Cemar...everywhere 9525 St., 149 Jamaica N.Y

of diligent, Out prayerful study, bewe led to may a better underCEMAR AVAILABLE AT I| ACOUSTICON,9525 149th St.,Dept.JamaicaM34 N.*"Y""* *** * *""'

Please send completestanding me of I informa times in and places the ZCMI | turnabout your marvelous illustratednew L

Ihistory vention that of requires the nothing people ear andinin myhearing who move I no headband Readacross the pages of the divinely! Name,

ofgiver Bock Mormun. The Improvement | Era Jj Address

87imt. and Reasons 3:927 City State I1842); (No. 23, October 1, 12 Issues - $2.50 I Cumorah Whete? p. 6C

JULY I9b( 597 YEARROUND PROGRAM OF THE M.I.A.

(Continued from page 551) Myriel Cluff Ashton, was enthusiManasseh"and sung by sixty seastically received.

lected singers, directed by Brother The afternoon was packed full of

Elvis B. Terry, proved to be one of new Junior Gleaner activities. Introthe highlights of the evening. duced during this session was the

Immediately prior to the Music new Silver Gleaner Achievement

Festival, the Speech Festival was Plan, a program which will give held in the Assembly Hall. Several growth and development to all

hundred people were turned away sixteenseventeen- and eighteenbecause of inability to procure seats. yearold girls in the Church through

Those who were able to attend were participation in an active mental, treated to a delightful evening of physical, and spiritual program, so demonstrations of street meetings, that they will be happy, wellbal- debate, panel, and choral readings. anced girls. Silver indicates the

One thing which delighted the audisterling qualities they will deence and made the festival most velop as they grow. Silver bookinformal was the drawing of names marks were distributed to those

<r rift from a hat, and the "lucky"person present and will help them to rewhose name was drawn then being member this most inspirational sesPortland calledspeech.to make an extemporaneous Juniorsion. AlsoGleanerintroducedsong, was"Ruththe newthe

The Girls'Program, now under Gleaner."The words, taken from

music set to by scriptures, were the the direction of Punch the Young Wom- f Portland PuJ treasure Fox. Clark Luacine A in a discussed en's Mutual was

panel of Young Women stake chest opened before the interested presidents and the general presieyes of the large group attending dency of the Y.W.M.I.A. The added interest and impetus to the

point was made by the leaders that Treasures of Truth project.

endramatization inspiring An girls'prois the 3$ a glass Y.W.M.I.A. to "Portals titled Mia Maid Land"that leaders gram of the Church;

facets in visual form the many will gave responsibility their sense who to program Maid Mia of the new her needs; that and each girl know

inactive girls must be visited and the leaders attending the Saturday -Easily! STOP this SMOKING department. of sessions A in girls track kept of by teachers, help you discovery, can medical NicoStop, new the name gave ceremony christening tasting. habit. Pleasant tobacco stop the A executives, class, and bishops. the

craving drops relieves tongue the on few AT this deto officially "Mia Maid"a of of starts acRichards clearing gave the system and Bishop LeGrand ONCE with session joint poisons. tobacco cumulated Recommended partment. A to date of the Girls'Program by resume prescription. physicians, sold without but feafollowed and leaders Explorer of weeks'only cost a few Priced at the chalits accomplishments and and If not guarantee. smoking. Moneyback social on discussion a panel tured to druggist's, write your available at officers to continue M.I.A. lenged

of leadership the under conduct already begun. splendid the work NICOSTOP the this time At Cannon. A. Elaine chal- B. a gave Elder Harold CALIF. NICOSTOP, SAINT HELENA, BOX 193, writsong Maid ExplorerMia new information further Please send about NicoStop. to talk lenging and Junior Men Lee M introalso Nichols was ten Mark by their in Satleaders Gleaner Junior Name duced. at the held session morning urday

Address Institute of Religion. He introIn the afternoon, Dr. Roald

City State duced material from his booklet, Campbell of the University of Utah

'Your Coat of Armor,"copies of discussed techniques of teaching which were given to all present. and understanding the fifteenand

HEADQUARTERS FOR L. D. S. V This pamphlet will play an imporsixteen-yearold girl. The new

A IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA k tant part in the Mutual Improvement "plus"program of this department,

YE KING'S REST MOTEL Association during the coming year. Mia Joy program, was also intro526 SOUTH 5th STREET It will be distributed to the Junior duced and explained. Another

of presentation the was B. Foutz, their highlight at Dr. Harold Gleaners and Junior Men Owner M

pins. H. Foutz, The deliMaid Manager Edgar the new Mia other meeting, but special January

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout departments will also make use of cate, enameled rose framed in gold its timely message. was enthusiastically received.

SUNVISTA Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis At four o'clock Saturday in BarDelicious challenged the Junior M Men and ratt Hall the Indian committee met

BLACKEYED PEAS Junior Gleaner leaders at the openthose who work with the Indians in BUTTER BEANS

BABY LIMA BEANS ing of their session to make of this the various stakes in order to exPINTO BEANS

GREEN CHILI PEPPERS new department a vital force in plain to them some of the activities

BEANS PINTO WITH PORK young people's lives. A new rally and classwork that could be carGrocers At Your

song for this age group, written by ried forward among the Indians 598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA who come into the communities for seasonal work as well as for those who live in groups by themselves.

One of the outstanding parts of presenthethe dance program was at $2.00, priced Formerly Itation Indians. by some to = NOW reduced sessions of Hive Saturday the Bee modem, |

highlighteddepartment were ANO MAN of application by the 1= Tpracticalc ORAOON.rr-- g k The of theintroduction new twoyear inspiring. concise, LEAH D. W1DTSOE | 1program for the twelveand thir-,,,., TheMane,

{teenyear-old girls and the just- I BRIGHAM YOUNG offthe-press Bee Keepers'Hand-. 1 1 ftasnast"t—0W10ts0E replica of thebook, An enormous

girls'the greeted Bee Keepers band at Hall. Barrattattending During i SsJrtfffts-.cSithe morning, mammoth size awards

: -I,.were added to the band as new \ r

extheparts of program were of inaugurationplained. The the I Special NoficePrice 'Chanqewaiiye

JHivebuilding Ceremony was anjJ JACOBJACOB HAMBUN,HAMBUN, this session. of highlight Theother Rung Buckskin | Apostle, Incisive = built the hive rung, andby was couragecourage.andand the in, I which l.t"*dSjSTtj sionary's oy,.1 ''"lPAULS ''ahi9reatBAILEY miswork the it | as bee with queencrowned.. energyZ2*%LUforrhriahfaf

will throughout wards be in many I Was $4.50, now reduced to

'years during the comingthe Church—;;—;;- nii'iiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii$3 5iiimiiiitiii

its class achieves class awhenever award under the Girls'Program.

In the afternoon the Bee Keepers were given demonstrations in filling honor badges. Visual aids in teachBOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAHing were also presented. In addition,

those present learned such fascinating arts as textile painting, ceramics, clay modeling, weaving, rugmaking, and beading. prepared ended on a beauAreyou The conference

tiful and dignified note Sunday to go into theevening in the Young People's Conpresentationference. was The for field of business? thewritten M.I. A. theme around

195051: "Learn wisdom in thy

get the help be sure, from L.D.S. need rF1 youyouth; yea, learn in thy youth to

* Business College. L.D.S. Business The

keep the commandments of God.*'lege offers you practical and thorough trainingCol-

(Alma 37:35.) Each person attendin business subjects. You can prepare now for

ing the conference was presented responsible positions in business or civil service with a copy of Elder Harold B. with a sound foundation of classes in our curLee's "Your Coat of Armor"and riculum.

a calender, on one side of which was inscribed the theme. Fully gualified by experience, eguipment and staff, the

L.D.S. Business College can give you the finest training.

Day or evening classes to fit your schedule.

I SHALL GO BACK By Pansye H, Powell You're cordially welcome at...

shall go back to the rolling hills and the

I windblown prairie grass, Write

To place upon the fertile loam the imprint for BUSINESS COLLEGE further of knee my 70 North Main Salt Lake City let the maples spread above as the informationAnd D. S. silent seasons pass, L

Slowly bestowing years to fall benignly over me. WORLD'S FINEST

I shall see pastel apple blooms starring air the tranquil ROSE BOOK 48page catalog gentle all after In the in New fragrance drink jVhtOM.'1*..'*."* COLORAnd

of hundreds FULLroses famous perenand rain. summer guaranteed live to in and bloom showsnials—all

garden. your Planting money- I soil, roots in shall the are and heavyMy offers. saving 1 for free Write hints—manyyour copy today there leave them LOS ANGELES CO. JACKSON PERKINS &

if lofty the should eWorld's But Largest mountaintops what Rose 'TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE"

Lane, Rose Newark, 63 YORK NEWGrowers) call to again? me

JULY 1950 599 &WL

% The demonstrator showed the onlookers how a teaspoon % Introducing the Authors ofeggwaterwas towascook.depositedShe placedin the threecookerteaspoonsfor each ofminutewater thein

gradu- B. Hinckley was Gordon cooker the water came was a and—when\ gone—out of University the from Utah perfectthe egg. threeminute

English. in A. B. 1932 with% atedin an started concluded, she demonstration her to pack Her

The following year he was called equipment, when a little grayhaired old lady tapped her to the European Mission, and after timidly on the arm and asked:

British in five the serving months that I understand did but me, for each to say "Excuse you rest the served Mission, he just teathe put of minute in one want egg you to boil, you the time in the office of the Eurospoon of water?"

pean Mission president, Dr. Joseph The demonstrator assured her this was correct.

F. Merrill of the Council of the "I see,"said the little lady. "Now, is that level or heaphome Upon returning he ing/ Twelve.

newlyof the then became secretary

Courtesy The Bettmann Archive organized Church Radio, Publicity, '&

GORDON B. HINCKLEY and Mission Literature Committee.

secretary executive As its he has StayAt- Home of the radio programs, Church written and produced many including "A New Witness for Christ,"which is currently An Arkansas hillbilly built a house for his wife in which being presented on KSL. he fashioned windows but no doors.

Elder Hinckley has compiled and edited the Mission'"Where are the doors?"asked the bride.

ary Handbook, and Principles of the Gospel, the lastHe drew himself up to his full height and replied: "Doors?

named book being distributed by the Church to its one Are you going somewhere?"

hundred thousand servicemen and women during the war % years. He supervises the production of all films used in—<$>;

missionarybook, Whatwork.of theHeMormons?is the authorHe ofhasthebeenpopulara seminarymissionaryin- A Falling Out

for structor, years of the he nine a Deseret and member was hair are his best friends. But even the teeth and Man's in board, being released general 1946 School Union Sunday s fall out. of friends best Mill of presidency. to Stake the East Creek become a member

At the present time he serves as first counselor in this stake <t> % which has the distinction of having the largest membership in instructor in the the mission Church. is an home, and He he New Approach children. the of four parents 548.) his wife are (See and page

A young married woman, knowing her husband would be

THE LIGHT TOUCH doortired withfrom aworkingcheerfulsoandhardfriendlyduring greeting.the day, met him at the

"I'm happy you're home, dear,"she chirped. "I've got a

Detailed Information lot of things I want to talk to you about."

In Macy's famous basement, a home economics expert "Glad to hear it,"he grunted. "Usually you want to talk

was demonstrating a then new type of electric egg cooker. to me about a lot of things you haven't got.".

SIX STAKES CONDUCT M MEN -GLEANER YOUTH CONFERENCE of Blaine, Cassia, Gleaners Burley, Minidoka, and for the Saturday night banquet pictured here was Theme

Falls stakes held River, Landing."MmenRaft an interstake "Happy and Twin

youth"conference this spring at Rupert, Idaho, with MiniSunday's meetings featured a general session addressed by doka Stake acting as host. Eugene R. Budge of Burley, Leon L. Imlay and William Smart of the Y.M.M.I.A. general

retiring supervisor of division eight, was general chairman board, as well as Gleaner and M Men leaders of the area, of the twoday conference. and a testimony meeting.

"Days Glory"of Summer

are made unforgettable by the books with which you enrich the life of your mind—

If You Desire:

—the kindliness of pure good will; read

SHARING THE GOSPEL WITH OTHERS..... $2.50

by President George Albert Smith—the stirring excitement of adventure with faith; read

KNIGHT OF THE KINGDOM..$2.25

by Conway B. Sonne

—a fascinating mystery of the evolution of a prophet; read

JOSEPH SMITH, AN AMERICAN PROPHET $3.25

by John Henry Evans—104 thoughtprovoking ideas, concisely expressed; read

VITALITY OF MORMONISM $2.50

by James E. Talmage

—vicarious, experience in a search for a satisfying philosophy of life; read

TRUTH AND THE MASTER'S TOUCH $2.00

by James J. Unopulos, Jr.

and A SKEPTIC DISCOVERS MORMONISM $1.75

by Timherline Riggs—inspiration and high ideals for youth; read

YOUTH AND THE CHURCH $1.75 |

by Harold B. Lee

—enthusiasm for religion as enrichment for life; read

FRUITS OF RELIGIONS $1.50

by Franklin L. West

—gay, gallant, good humored adventure, for youth and age; read

SCOUTING FOR THE MORMONS ON THE GREAT FRONTIER $2.00

by Sidney and E. K. Hanks

—138, super, short, classical, characterbuilding stories for children and youth;

read A STORY TO TELL $2.25

—true, story of pioneering adventure, characterdevelopment and devotion; read

SWEET LOVE REMEMBER'D $2.75

by Helen Cortez Stafford All prices are subject to change without notice.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah and our book dealers everywhere.

.

If 6 flli * ft; TT

Sill vit. PISSv.-: -.'.-.:.;.-.-;::?: llilll liilfc llilll mwmms

IfttPltp:

1. Mm? past

: S:, t8.. - Pi

lllfiiiilB:: R:

:: 1: WwWHs

A /;

FICI

Insur Company George Albert Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

SHIP8