In This Number A Brief History of the Practice of Baptism

Baseball and the Mormons in England

Studying Birds in Utah OCTOBER,Volume 38 Number193510

Return Postage Guaranteed Fiction—r Poetry—* Departments SALT CITY, LAKE UTAH

MtBt rarity (ttarpnnttum SYSTEM OF BANKS FKIENDLY CONSERVATIVE DEPENDABLE FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO

National Association With Branches At

With Branches At Boise, Pocatello, Blackfoot, Emmett, GoodOgden, Provo, Logan, Park City, Bingham, ing, Hailey, Idaho Falls, Jerome, Montpelier, Magna, Richmond.

Mountain Home, Nampa, Payette, Preston,

FIRST NATIONAL BANK Rupert, Shoshone.

Salt Lake City With Branches At FIRST SECURITY BANK

Sugarhouse and Tooele Rock Springs, Wyo.

FIRST SECURITY TRUST CO.

Salt Lake City

Members of Federal Deposit Insurance Fund

MAG/G BRAIN MAGEG EYE METAL TUBES twyvr.:; GREATEST RtHIEUEIIIEIITS

Read the history of radio's greatest developments and you are reading a history of RCA activities Years from now the Magic

Brain and the Magic Eye will take their place among such radio milestones as the first powered loudspeaker and the first AC set. -. both RCAdeveloped, of course.

is value thrilling radio the same MODEL C815—Here

inviting larger speaker described a above—plus other its console Note Dial—andand

features. Antenna WorldWide With ColorbandRCA new RCAcabinet.

System, only $9995 ELECTRICAL APPLIANCE DEPARTMENT—DOWNSTAIRS

8 TUBES SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Improvement OCTOBER, 1935

EDITORIALS

1935—A Summer of Progress - H. R. M. 619

Cumorah Monument Significant Joseph F. Merrill 619

ARTICLES A Brief History of the Practice of Baptism.. C. Douglas Barnes, Ph. D. 595

Heber J. Grant, Baseball and Mormons in England Wendell J. Ashton 598

John A. Widtsoe, Studying Birds in Utah's Land of a Thousand Lakes C. Lynn Haytvacd 602

Editors The Word of Wisdom from the Standpoint of Science P. K. Edmunds, M. D. 607

Harrison R. Merrill, Sins Remitted—Elsie Petersen 610

Marba C. Josephson, Associate Editors The Challenge of Charm—"Lovely Ladies"Katie C. Jensen 616

Significant Items in Current News... 620

621 'Organrums. ofMutualthe PriesthoodImprovementQuoThe Church Moves On

Associations and Department of Education FICTION

George Q. Morris, General Mgr. The Flame—Christie Lund 601

Clarissa Associate A. Beesley, Mgr. A Silver Girdle (A Serial, Part 2). - Claire W. Noall 604 Business J. K. Orton, Mgr.

- - -Robert M. Hyatt 612 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL Mad Alan Wayne

OFFICES: 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake Chy, Utah POETRY

Copyriglit, 1932, by the Young Men's October is a Pathway -.Mabel West Lillie 593

Mutual Improvement Association

Corporation of Jesus Earth, I Have Loved You Well Estelle Webb Thomas 594 of the Church

Christ of Latterday Saints. All Wings - -Estelle Webb Thomas 596

rights reserved. Subscription price, To Lincoln—Carl Fordis 606 $2.00 a 20c Single year, in advance;

Copy. Waiting Alberta H. Christensen 606

Office, at the Post Entered Salt Masks—Emily Clowes Burke 606

as secondclass City, Lake Utah, matter. Acceptance for mailing at At Rest Grace P. Newton 606

special rate of postage provided for Gift of Cactus—Conrey Bryson 606 in section 1103, of October, Act

1917, authorized July 2, 1918. Adolescent Ethel Romig Fuller 606

Love on Spacious Mountains Jane Rawling Sheean 606

Yellow Chrysanthemums Cora May Preble 606. Delia Adams Leitner 606 October is a Pathway Autumn Leaves on the Pavement

There Wasn't Much Ardyth Kennelly 606

By Mabel West Lillie Memories Grace Kaye 606 /-"OCTOBER is a pathway, Mutual - - Lida E. Fletcher 631

- A lure, a fire God Has Willed It So—Camille C. Nuffer 642

That leads my eager feet Lights Bess Foster Smith 646

Down gay, enchanted ways Of loveliness; her bright, beguiling DEPARTMENTS

days Lights and Shadows—- 622

Are like nectar within a golden cup, An Open Letter to Will Rogers - 622

Each - H. Spencer Cornwall—R. M. 623

- - sup. 624 hour I come and lingeringly Music—J.Priesthood

Ward Teachers'Message for November, 1935 624

October is fulfilment On the Budget Standard—Bishop R. B. Hodgson 626

Glad dreams come true Aarcnic Priesthood Training 627

The gold at rainbow's end; Mutual Messages 628

630 Adults there to her comes meWith 631 that's ecstasy. to akin madnessA 632 SeniorsM MenGleaners. -—endure. October's I never could

- 633 Juniors wane, Explorers and Scouts - - - 634

Unless I knew that she would come BeeHive 634 again. Your Page and Ours Inside Back Cover

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

EARTH, I HAVE LOVH) YOU WELL By ESTELLE WEBB THOMAS

U*ARTH, I have loved you well, -L-J Loved every varied mood;

Each rill and leafy dell, Green bill and shadowy wood;

And from your bounteous store Life's very breath I've drawn—

Strange, when I'll need no more, You shall give freely on!—

Earth, I have loved to dream, Cradled upon your breast;

May you so friendly seem When comes my dreamless rest;

I dread feel no may And hold must That you me tight-—Deep in your heart, my bed—

When comes my long, dark night I

of theA BRIEF HISTORY PRACTICE of BAPTISM By DOUGLAS BARNES, Ph-D,

SEARCH of religious literBaptism by Enoch y\R. BARNES DOUGLAS for the C ature has been made continuing his sermon T7NOCH -* exhaustive study an has made tracing pracof the purpose his call the describes to minthe history of baptism of has and

the beginningticeAof baptism from istry following in the words: to that presented Imstudy The

mortal for with publication. the ordinanceof man provement Era We said the me: Lord "And Go to

issuing that it it in are the hope time. conpresent Sinceto the will this people, unto say and untothem—Repent, service all those enjoy to be of who lest smite out with available themsiderable a I come which and data are

origin practices history of and die. curse, and they that the people of chosenshow this sort especially to the God ofthe and unto he gave a commandment "And me this during ordinanceadministered field in missionaries the should who I that in the baptize should name of the

important Gospel periods or disbe able to give a reason "for the Father, and of the Son, which is full of pensations the conclusion is reachhope that is within them."grace and truth, and of the Holy Ghost,

Saint Dr. Latterday Barnes of the record beareth Father and which equal ordinanceed that the had the applied scholar. has a and is Hea 7:1011). the Son."(Book of Moses all dispensaduringimportance scientific this to of an study method

tions, and that the ordinance is not ancient and modern practice. That many did heed the call to

given undue importance in the repentance is evident from the fact

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterthat Enoch and his people had day Saints. For convenience the Spirit of God descended upon him, and power in the land and became so

Spirit, thus of the he was born indata are chronological arranged that as and berighteous they taken were in the inner quickened came man. starting theorder with baptism of earth. the city of the Zion from

voice he out heaven, of heard a "And Evidence from ourAdam. own (Book of Moses 7:21, 69; Genesis

fire, saying: art with and baptized Thou firstliterature is presented where 5:24.) is the record with Ghost. the This Holy

it exists, after referfollow which the Father, the henceof from Son, and ences from King James'translation forth and forever."(Book of Moses 6:63Baptism by Noah

of the Holy Bible and then refer65). TN the same vision to Joseph Smith

ences the other remaining from call in actual the of commission recorded thought and The Noahsources, are given. presenting In

is retold: the preceding paragraph was literaturereferencesour acown we in the spoken sermon his the Enoch, after ordained by Lord "And Noahcept the statements direct given by order, that he him and commanded own father of to the Methuselah, peorevelation as the of the Lord. word his forth should declare and Gospel go his ple of day. revealed This was of the the children Bible unto as of men, are references even it wasSome

admittedly subject to more than to Moses in vision and later to Josgiven unto Enoch."(Book of Moses

one interpretation and the one eph Smith. Enoch undoubtedly 8:19).

chosen in each instance is thought obtained his information from the Noah accepted the call and went to agree best with the immediate records of the time or from direct forth and preached the following:

text and with the spirit of the Gosrevelation. "Believe and repent of your sins and

pel. If we accept the statement of

Jesus given in John 3:5, "Except

a man be born of water and of the SUMMARY OF EVIDENCE PERTAINING TO THE PRACTICE OF BAPTISM FROM THE ADAMIC PERIOD UNTIL THE PRESENT DAYSpirit he cannot enter into the

Kingdom of God,"the interpretaHistory of Baptism References tion will be justified.

Period Reference Involved Number Reference Baptism of Adam 6:6365. of of Baptism Book Adam. Moses

7:1011. of Moses Baptism Enoch. 1 Book by"DAPTISM as an ordinance of 40003000 BCBC 2

the Gospel of Jesus Christ was 2500 BC 3 Book of Moses 8:19 and 24. Baptism by Noah.

instituted during the mortal life of 2500 BC 4 I Peter 3:1821. Baptism by Noah.

1 10:1-4. Moses. unto Baptism Cor. 1500 5 BC are indebted toAdam. Joseph We of Infant Baptism, History Wall, Vol. 1, pp. 1-10. 1500 6 BC toSmith for an account of the perIsraelitish Edition) baptism. (1705 1705 AD

forming of this baptism which he 1500 BC to 7 Jewish Encyclopedia (19031905 Edition) Vol. 2, p.

records in the Pearl of Great Price. 1900 AD 499, Vol. 10, p. 224. Israelitish baptism.

in First Era, Christian the the of Centuries 1500 8 Judaism BC to pass, to it came "And the when Lord 1, 331334. Confirm Vol. Foote Moore, George pp. 1900 ADhad with spoken Father, our that Adam, 7. references 6 and

cried the unto Lord,Adam he and was in 4:26. of Description Temple. 2 Font Chron 1000 9 BC

caught the Spirit the of by away Lord, 6. in practiced of reference as day Baptism 1000 10 Same BC

and was carried down into the water, and David and of Solomon.

was laid under the water, and was brought 600 BC 11 Jer. 52:17. Destruction of Font in Temple.

forth out of the water. 30 AD 12 Matt. 3:1317. John restores practice.

13. John restores the practice. "And thus he was baptized, and the 1829 AD 13 Doc. and Cov., Section

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, the analogy drawn by Peter that upon condition of repentance. In

fathers, the as our even and God, Son of the saving by water is "the like other words compliance with the that the receive Ghost, ye Holyye shall may have all things made manifest; and figure whereunto even baptism doth ordinance of baptism in Noah's

if ye do not this the floods will come in also now save us."Or in other day brought individuals into the

upon you; nevertheless they hearkened words compliance with baptism and fold of the Gospel. It was the innot."(Book of Moses 8:24). naturally with the other principles itiation step. This step which must

Thus far in presenting the data and ordinances of the gospel will have been followed by righteous

Latterday Saint scripture alone likewise save us from impending living, resulted in their physical has been used. No other evidence destruction, just as it saved eight safety at the time of the flood

has come to our attention which souls by preparing the way for which came probably years after shows that Adam or Enoch preachthem to enter the ark. Peter was their baptism, and also permitted

ed or practiced baptism. There surely speaking of baptism at this their advancement toward salvais evidence in the New Testapoint for he explains that baptism tion, since the statement implies

ment, however, supporting the will not actually of itself cleanse us that only the disobedient were held claim that Noah preached baptism from sin, but that by obeying the in prison.

and that at the time of the flood command we are clearing our conThis reference by Peter to baponly few were living who had met science and can therefore be tism in Noah's day ties in nicely this requirement and who had re- "saved"through the resurrection with the reference just cited from mained faithful to the Gospel, for or atonement of Christ, naturally the Book of Moses and is the only

Peter says: Biblical reference to baptism in the

period in question.

"For Christ also'hath once suffered that unjust, for the the just for sins, he Baptism Unto Moses death put to being us bring to God, might in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit: YKTHILE no direct evidence has

also which "By he went and preached been found to indicate that in prison; spirits unto'the

"Which sometime were disobedient, baptism was practiced during the when once the longsuffering of God waited dispensations between Noah and in the days of Noah, while the ark was Moses, there is evidence that this is, eight few, that preparing, wherein a ordinance reinstituted was by water. saved souls by were leading the people Moses after bapeven figure like whereunto "The

from bondage in Egypt, and that the put- (not us save also doth tism now Wings flesh, but the of the filth of ting baptism practiced has been away by the answer of a good conscience toward By Estelle Webb Thomas Israel from that time to the present.

resurrection of Jesus Christ."by the God) narrative Old The Testament 3:1821). (I Peter NEVER refer specifically not see a swift bird cleave does to the I the dusk,

Peter makes it clear that the Or lightly wing his way through baptism of Israel, but Paul in

Spirit of Christ entered the Spirit dewy dawn, preaching to his brethren said on

World while his body lay in the But with uplifted heart and straining one occasion:

eyes to preach was His mission tomb. brethren, "Moreover, until the lovely thing has teach- I watch for should be ignorant, ye a system to, or organize howI wouldthat notall thatour gone.

fathers the cloud, under were and all were spirits of ing, who I'd men the close to but child as a my And passed through sea; the eyes extheir mortal during disobedient

all baptized were in unto "And Moses to through soar with him seem To distheir of because istence and in the the cloud sea; and space, realms of

to a place all confined spiritual did eat the were "And obedience same far, in mysterious of the depths And meat; prison, but as Peter to referred by skies

all did spiritual drink the "And same benigkind, paradise joyously as Christ Meet Your referred to by for drink: spiritual they drank that of nant Face. the with conversation in his that followed that them: Rock and Rock kinship child's soul felt such thief My 23:43.) cross. (Luke the Christ."on (I Cor. 10:1-4). was You, with God,

Peter mentions specifically the My feet could scarce keep hold up'It is noted that Paul refers to the spirits of individuals who lived in on the sod! Israelites being under the cloud,

who of the days Noah, individuals ( Exodus to the call obedient notwere passed of UncumberedI think the verybyyoungthe sordidand verythingsold, their13:21 guiding22 ), andsignthatbytheyday,all

the Gospel. of earth, through the sea which we are told

Inthe kinship oft close with ark Feel to the Reference separated is made at the of command finite, durconstructionwhich was under Paul 14:21). Moses (Exodus birth, to or are to they So near

ing this period and the statement rebirth; then says that they "were all bapis made that eight souls were saved So, when from me my burdens slip tized unto Moses in the cloud and

away, remust water. in in the ark the sea."by continues sayby He We

I have given Duty her full When flood of the the waters that ing that also theymember had the same mead did not save but rather brought And rest quite simply at the close spiritual food or Gospel as was destruction upon the inhabitants of day taught by Paul, the Gospel of who because of their failure to Untouched by earthly urge or Christ. Frankly the baptism unto

earthly need, of the requirements is withcomply in the cloud not clear Moses unYou'll very admission softly call my name, less refused were it refers the Gospel to the of the baptism I and into the ark. The "saving by Shall loose my last frail hold on Spirit, but as will be brought out,

water"meniioned by Peter is not life—and fly! the baptism unto Moses in the sea

clear therefore, unless we accept in all probability referred to actual S96..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. OCTOBER, 1935

baptism in water, which is an ordiQuoting from the Talmud Baby- 1"R. WALL'S treatise of the subnance of the Gospel. Ionic, Wall continues: M ject is apparently authentic as

is evidenced by the fact that his In 1705 W. Wall, Vicar of "When a proselyte is received, he must

Shoreham in Kent, England, pubbe circumcised: And then when he is book went through numerous edilished a History of Infant Baptism cured (of the wound of circumcision) they tions, being printed over a period

in two volumes. baptize him in the presence of two wise of at least one hundred years.

it is probably worth- "Printed by J. Downing, for R. men,in all saying:things.'Or'Beholdif it hebe isa woman;an Israelitethe However,

Sympson at the Harp, and H. Bonwoman lead her to'the waters, etc."(Vol. while to consider more recent statewick at the RedLion in St. Paul's- 1, page 5, Par. 3). ments relative to the practices of

ChurchYard."Jewish religion. We quote thereThe author was fortunate in obIn exhausting the subject of witfore, from the Jewish Encyclotaining a set of these books and nesses Wall mentions further that, pedia, (Funk and Wagnalls Co.,

while the early copies are probably Javamouth in the Talmud Hierosol published 1903 to 1905').

a "that does, says as Maimonides laterrare, a edition (published ablution signi- "Baptism: A religious witthree proselyte has need of ) is available for inspecabout 1 purification or consecration. fying 830 The

tion at the University of Calinesses. And directs the other cirnatural method of cleansing the body by

fornia library at Berkeley, Calicumstances as he does, viz. They washing and bathing in water was always

in Israel. of washing customary The a proselyte baptize do not by night. in possibly other lifornia, and of their clothes means an important was

they not baptized And, werebraries the Christian throughout Israelites till sanctification enjoined on the world. References which are to the pain of circumcision were before the Revelation on Mt. Sinai (Exbe cited are copied from the first healed."(Vol. 1, page 5, par. 4.) odus 19:10). The Rabbis connect with

complete immerof bathing this duty by origin to Relative of baptism theedition the and page number sion; since sprinkling with blood was and

Israel, states: Mr. Walltherefore, differ ediwith in later may tradiimmersion, accompanied always by

tions. "It is not very material to our purpose tion connects with this immersion the

In presenting his history Mr. to'inquire upon what reasons or authoriblood lustration mentioned as having also

before the Reveimmediately place taken ties of baptizing of the this custom Jews first to clearly estabsoughtWall being three acts lation 24:8, these (Exodus all that All proselytes grounded. was religionlish the state of the Jewish rites upon initiatory performed the always is is to'that material time they had know

as to baptism, at and before the out of mind such a custom. And for that, proselytes, 'to bring them under the wings

time when the Savior gave His the sayings of their own writers here proof Shekinah'."(Vol. 2, page 499, Col.

order for baptizing all the nations, duced are a sufficient evidence. Yet I 1, p&r. 1).

in shall a teachings; spend showing few words rabbinical to how "According second, to establish theand practhey of necessity existthe this washing, prove the during even dominated which the firsttice of relative Christians baptizing, to or Moses'from next baptism, Law. of the Temple, ence

to baptism. "They take notice that Moses Numbers circumcision and sacrifice, was an absoluteRelative to the practice of the (Book of Numbers in King James Transly necessary condition to be fulfilled by a

Jews he states: lation of Bible) 15:15, orders thus: proselyte to Judaism. Circumcision, how-

"One ordinance shall be both for you ever, was much more important, and, like "First then, it is evident that the custom of the congregation and also for the baptism, was called a 'seal.'But as cirof the Jews before our Savior's time (and, stranger (or proselyte) that sojourns with cumcision was discarded by Christianity,

as they themselves affirm, from the beyou. An ordinance for ever in your genand the sacrifices had ceased, baptism

ginning of their Law) was to baptize as erations: As you are, so shall the stranger remained the sole condition for initiation

well as circumcise any proselyte that be before the Lord. One law and one into religious life. The next ceremony,

came to them from the nations. This manner shall be for you and for the adopted shordy after the others, was the

does fully appear both from the books of stranger, etc. Now they reckon that the imposition of hands, which, it is known,

the Jews themselves, and also of others Israelites themselves were at their enterwas the usage of the Jews at the ordination that understood the Jewish customs and ing into covenant with God at the time of a Rabbi."(Vol. 2, page 499, Col. 2,

have written of them. They reckoned of their receiving the Law in Mount Sinai, Par. 1 )

all mankind beside themselves to be in an all of them washed or baptized. So they "In modern times conversions to Judaunclean state, and not capable of being understood those words, (Exodus 19:10), ism are not very numerous. Instruction

entered into the covenant of Israelites 'And the Lord said unto Moses; Go> unto in the Jewish religion precedes the cerewithout a washing or baptism, to denote all the people and sanctify them today mony, which, after circumcision and baptheir purification from their uncleanness. and tomrorow, and let them wash their tism, consists in a public confession of

And this was called the baptizing of them clothes, and be ready against the third faith."(Vol. 10, page 244, Col. 1, Par.

unto Moses."(Vol. I, page 3, Par. 2). day: And the third day the Lord will come 4).

down, etc'They understood the meaning

T TERE we have reference to "bapof that command by which Moses was "THESE statements are confirmsanctify those days, people to given the by on two of those already atory tizing unto Moses"mentioned that of the them: to so be washing And a recently Still more Wall. Mr. Paul.by signify sanctify, to does word, commonly George published been by has book as folquotes in Maimonides Wall as writers several the Jewish Law

in entitled "Judaism Moore, Foote I instances, as have shown and many bylows:

"They baptized not a proselyte on the (Wall) also do in this book give some, the First Centuries# of the ChrisSabbath, nor on a holy day, nor by night. especially when 'tis spoken of a man tian Era"(Harvard University

sanctifying men."other it in waters. of do a confluenceThey As (Vol. 1, page 6, Press, from which the fol1927),

1 ) 7, Par. Par. 5, page as the of of hesoon grows whole wound is quoted: lowing

circumcision, to bring they baptism: him

And being placed in the water, they again Wall continues: "The initiatory rite by which a man

instruct him."(Vol. 1, page 4, last par.). "That they gave this (baptism of the was made a proselyte comprise three

The Talmud according to Wall, "says Jews, and the command for proselytes parts: Circumcision, immersion in water

the same thing of receiving proselytes by to be as the Jews were) as a proof that (baptism), and the presentation of an baptism: only whereas Maimonides speaks proselytes must be baptized, appears by offering in the temple. In the case of a

of the number of three, as necessary to the words of Maimonides in the place woman there was no circumcision, and be present at the baptizing; the Talmud before quoted. For he first says thus: 'By after the destruction of the temple no

Babylonic does not insist on any more three things did Israel enter into covenant, offering. Circumcision alone is prescribed

than two grave men."(Vol. 1, page by circumcision, and baptism, and sacriin the written law."(Vol. 1, page 331,

5, Par. 2). fice'."(Vol. 1, page 7, Par. 2). Par. 2), (Continued on page 641)

BASEBALL AND MORMONS

pencil was his forte. He had sons interested were urged to comsketched several posters for district municate with him. Mr. Holland

conference campaigns and pretelephoned Mr. Moores, who referpared "art"for the Millennial Star. red him to his secretary, B. J.

As they stood exchanging AmerAyers. The latter invited Mr.

ican baseball deliveries while EngHolland and the elders to the first lish youths about them bowled public meeting of the National cricket wickets and kicked soccer Baseball Association of Great balls, a tall, sleek young man Britain, being held in Liverpool strolled up by the green park fence that week. It was the first public

and stopped to watch them. His meeting of definitely organized

was not one of the customary looks American baseball in British hisof curiosity. He was smiling. tory.

The elders dropped their gloves More than that, Elder Houston and introduced themselves. and Mr. Holland were invited to

"My name is Harry Holland,"speak on "Baseball and How It the stranger responded. "You Should be Played"at that inaugknow, this seems great to see someural meeting.

one playing baseball 'way over And so the first meeting was here in England. You know, I held in the splendid Bear's Paw

have played a little baseball myself. restaurant of Liverpool, November

You see, I arrived in England from 7, 1 933. Elder Houston's interestCanada only a month ago. Aling speech and Mr. Holland's

though I was born in Warrington blackboard lecture before the 200

JOHN MOORES, ORGANIZER OF THE NATIONAL (England), I have spent 19 of my listeners were favorably reported

BASEBALL ASSOCIATION OF GREAT BRITAIN 25 years in the Dominion, where in the Liverpool dailies the follow-

I learned to love baseball. It's my ing day.

STRENUOUS morning of secondThe nature."missionaries invited their dramaticAt thatstorymeetingof howtheyMr.learnedMoores,the

tracting completed, two Latnew acquaintance to join them in millionaireowner of a large mail missionaries terday Saint baseball, their afternoon in firm order and it England, conceived

LiverpoolslippedA out of their lodge wasn't long before the for plan Mr. Holland bringing the American

one crisp October day in 1933 for suggested that they form a team national pastime to the most sport- a short recess of baseball "catch"of missionaries and Canadians in conscious country in the world.

before returning to their work. Liverpool and arrange a game with While on a combined vacation

They strolled across the macadam the crew of an American ship and business trip to America in street and into the Botanic Garwhile it docked at Merseyside. the summer of 1933, Mr. Moores

dens, one of the myriads of parks But an advertisement in one of was introduced to John A. Heydler,

that have preserved primitive nathe Liverpool newspapers a few at that time president of the Nature in many of England's large days later changed their plans. It tional Baseball League in America.

cities. The Gardens were almost announced that a John Moores conin of the shadows old Durham OF A PORTION THE ROCHDALE CROWD templated organizing a National

A WATCHING GAME than a which for moreHouse, Baseball Association, all perand Courtesy Photo Rochdalequarter of a century had been the Observer.

headquarters of the European Mission. It had been vacated only a

few months before with the transfer of the Mission offices to London.

Those missionaries were Elder William H. Houston, of Salt Lake

City, a darkcomplexioned, twohundred pound giant of a fellow who had made a name for himself in amateur boxing at home, and

Elder Harvey F. Freestone, of Los

Angeles, a diminutive, sandyhair- ed missionary whose drawing By WENDELL J. ASHTON

in ENGLAND

Their common interest in sport welded a friendship. While they

golfed together one day, the American magnate invited the Englishman to accompany him to a major league baseball game.

President Heydler then arranged a trip to Niagara Falls for the

Moores party, and they entrained for Buffalo. A poster in that big

city caught the Britisher's eye, and he spent the afternoon in a baseball park instead of viewing one of the "Seven Scenic Wonders of the

World."He returned to England

without seeing the Falls but with definite plans for popularizing a new sport in England.

Mr. Moores had been a patron

for some time of the English Baseball Union, which for approximately 50 years had been fostering

English "rounders,"a game played with a flat bat and a fourounce ball. He offered this organization

the opportunity of introducing

American baseball. The Union

shrugged its shoulders. So Mr.

Moores laid the corner stone for the N. B. A. beginning at that first

meeting at which Elder Houston spoke.

But shortly after that initial session Elder Houston was transferred to Ireland and Elder Freestone to Leeds. They bade Mr. Holland

farewell, and with their leaving the

Church lost contact with the infant

N. B. A.

"N/TORE than a year later, during

England's heavy rain season in late April, 1935, there came a knock on the door of the Millennial

Star office at the European Mission headquarters at 5 Gordon Square,

London. A tall, welldressed man

stepped in. His face was a portrait

of elation.

"Are you the Latterday Saints?

looking for you I've been (left Saint Latterday Top: (All ace Elders.) A. Ashton, Why, in London. Standing to right): Conway Team

are I understand for months. you scorer; first base; outfield; Harris, catcher; Holland, Baddley, Ormond Ralph E. A. Fogg S. Coulam, Harry

of trainer. B. campaign A.; second outfield; R. Skidmore, base; N. Rex Glade, R. Pearson, manager Fred A. Henry in don't baseball. interested You

I. Sitting Ellis, right): (left E. Frank outfield; base; Milne, shortstop; to Nicholson, second E. Jay Angus

glad you, meet F. outfield; outfield; pitcher know how Blaine Lindsay, J. third and base; I am to captain Neff and Bybee, M. Smart, Wendell Kay

pitcher. picture Elders absent and Eargle J. Ashton, and Lane manager when Harmsen were C. W. Adams was taken. especially at this time when we are

autographs Elder of Provo, presenting Bottom: Saint Neff Smart, team, M. of the Latterday a member

to Qnglish youths after a baseball game. looking for an eighth team to com599

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

plete our WestLondon Baseball executive), for which all teams competing for the Heydler cup, in

League.''throughout Britain were to compete addition to 20 unemployed teams

Those words came from the lips in an elimination tournament; the and three university teams, all of

of this man, who introduced himLondon League cup, which was to which are affiliated with the N. B.

self as Harry Holland, campaign go to the team winning the most A. There are 11 leagues (many

manager of the National Baseball league games; and the London of which Mr. Holland has organAssociation of Great Britain. Knockout cup, offered to the team ized for the Association), includ-

"You can't realize how happy winning an elimination tournament ing four in Liverpool, three in

I am to meet you fellows again,"of the 16 clubs in the East London Manchester, two in London, one

Mr. Holland reiterated, relating his and West London leagues. in Birmingham, and one in Oxfordacquaintance with Elders Houston The teams composing the West shire. Approximately 3,000 playand Freestone. "You know, I London League in addition to the ers, 90 per cent of whom are Engwould have done anything in the Latterday Saints are Cubs and lishmen, are registered with the

world for those fellows."Sox, composed of employes of Mr. N. B. A.

We chatted for nearly an hour. Wood's manufacturing concern; The N. B. A. is patterned after

"You leave it to me. I'll see that the English Football Association,

your baseball team is fitted out in said to be the most complete athsuits patterned after those of the letic organization in the world. It

St. Louis Cardinals,"he concluded. controls all soccer football compe-

"And more than that, I'll furnish tition in England, including profesyou with bats, balls, gloves and all sional, amateur, and scholastic the equipment you'll need. teams.

price? Don't you worry "The in English will lWfANY leading figures that.about Association The

stand the cost. All we want you sport have turned to baseball.

to do is to play baseball in the James L. Sullivan, the "Red

WestLondon League."Grange"of British rugby, is one

Mr. Holland departed, leaving of the enthusiastic adherents of

an invitation to attend the organithe American sport. When the

zation meeting of the proposed Manchester league opened last league in the Waldorf, one of Lonspring, the entire Salford Rugby don's most palatial hotels. team, one of the most prominent

The meeting was held. Presiprofessionaltrotted onto theclubsdiamond.in England,

dent Joseph J. Cannon, Elder M. As in America, baseball in

Neff Smart, attendand the writer is Britain democratic. When ed. Saints The Latterday were decompetition Oriental and the

unanimously accepted into the pression plagued Lancashire's cotleague, and President Cannon was ton industry, thousands of weavers voted the a member of league counthe placed the dole were on and on cil. Following the meeting, the streets. In Liverpool and ManrepresentativesMormon were chester, offered them Mr. Moores HOLLAND, HARRY CAMPAIGN OF MANAGER inguests the dining the of room NATIONAL baseball, ASSOCIATION, BASEBALL responded hundreds and

hotel of L. Holland Mr. OF LONDON, CHATTING WITH D. THE and MEMBERS THE enthusiastically. other the On L. D. S. RIGHT: LEFT TO TEAM. WENDELL wealthyWood, manufacLondon F. ASHTON, BYBEE, BLAINE HOLHARRY in the past hand, year Oxford,turer and president of the league. LAND, 0RM0ND COULAM, M. NEFF SMART. Glasgow, and Edinburgh univerhad lived in Chicago,He coming

to eight England years ago. Streatham, composed of Canadian sitythe N.studentsB. A. Alreadyhave affiliatedthere are withboth

A few days later twelve suits ice hockey players (the champions professional and amateur baseball, arrived at the mission office from of Europe in the skating sport), several paid men playing in the the N. B. A. They were made of Eastman Kodak employes, Lyons Northof-England League in the

beautiful gray material, with "LatShops, St. Joseph's College and vicinity of Manchester.

terday Saints"in gold script writPutney. But even more phenomenal than

ten across the front of the shirts. The mushroomlike growth of the number of youths playing baseThen came bats, balls, catcher's the National Baseball Association ball in Britain are the attendance

paraphernalia, and gloves. Mr. all over the United Kingdom in its figures. Scarcely more than six

Holland arranged for a practice two years of existence bespeaks the months after the N. B. A. was

field and for shower rooms the team increasing popularity of the Amerformed, 8,000 spectators—moreat the Streatham Soccer Club. ican game, which threatens eventhan attend American major many

The schedule was drawn up. tually to rival cricket as the naleague games-—watched a LiverThere were Sunday games on the tional summer pastime in Britain. pool team defeat the Steel Exporter

"fixture,"but special arrangements The two sports both evolved from crew of Boston at the Wavertree were made in order that no Latterthe old English game of "roundgrounds, only a half mile from day Saint contests fell on Sunday. ers,"which developed from the Botanic Gardens where Mr. HolThree trophies were offered: The "club ball"of the fourteenth cenland first met Elders Houston and

John A. Heydler cup of the Natury. Freestone. All over the United

tional Baseball Association (doIn the summer of 1935 there Kingdom, especially in the northnated by the American baseball were 67 teams all over England (Continued on page 644)

THE FLAME A SHORT SHORT look down and know that you are we here—somewhere—and

happy: one above and STORY downare both

the other below—love spanning

the distance like silken threads."By Lund She turned swiftly and threw

her black and silver lounging robe on a chair. When her maid enlast his later she was words tered moments a few

brave.were to "B'UTtell you to be Going the to practically on go ready

on with your dance when all these stage. In the wings she passed

people are waiting is being brave. her brother who seized her hands,

You can't disappoint them now. murmuring, "Good girl, Zinia, I'm

Oh, you shouldn't have seen the proud of you."

telegram until later."The music cried plaintively then

Joe, the tall, handsome young sank to a soft staccato like the man who was the dancer, Lauri- "I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL AND ZINIA, I'M rustle of a summer's wind. The

zinia's favored brother, reached out BEASTLY SORRY. BUT LIFE HAS TO GO ON."lights dimmed to a mysterious

beseeching toward hands young Incomparable darkness. The the pretentious, no longer was herhis sister as he spoke. But a quivering for Laurizinia poised dancer worldfamous glamorous,

eyes that were of a sudden like she had been. She was just a moment in the center of the stage

stagnant pools looked past grace superb her with and then him; woman—a woman bereft. silence,after a long of moment first her steps of into the whirledshe spoke bitterly—as though her IN every light along worldfamous dance, "The Moth

constricted breath would not let the street she could see the face of and the Flame."She followed the

her say more than one word at a the man she had loved and lost. flickering light hesitantly at first

time, "You speak to me of dancing Now, he was smiling; now he was and then more daringly. She adwhen life has gone out of me?"gently serious, adoring; and now vanced, receded, fluttered toward

He was all sympathy, his clean his face was contracted with pain, the white flame that would have blue eyes filmed by tears as he said, as she imagined it must have been engulfed her. She yearned toward

"I know how you feel and Zinia, when he went down with his plane it until suddenly the stage was

I'm beastly sorry. But life has to in the flames that had smothered flooded with a leaping, encompassgo on. Think of the millions of out his life. His precious life ing fire which seized her, overpeople who have known a dedear God! And Joe had said that whelmed her. She struggled wildvastating grief who go on millions of people had known a ly for a long moment and then sank

bravely. Your audience is out devastating grief. Surely no one slowly to the floor in complete exthere waiting. They love you, had ever known anything like this. haustion and abandonment. The

they have lifted you from nothing On a wild impulse she wanted to lights lowered, her head sank to to the mustn't fail throw herself into the churning her breast. heights—youthem."When she did not answer traffic below and end everything. Sitting there, enveloped in velvet

he went on persuadingly, "Jerry But as she lifted her hands and darkness and exquisite silence, the died blazing new trails for those would have leaped she seemed to great Laurizinia knew somehow coming after him, he was not hear Jerry's voice, "Tell Zinia to be that peace that often follows pain.

he would want She knew, beyond the shadow ofafraid. And one reason he loved brave."Yes—yes,

you was because you were always her to go on. But why, how could a doubt, that this was not the end.

so fearless, so full of fire, of the she when he had died? She looked She had known her love as this

spirit that wouldn't be beaten."upward and saw against the distant moth had known its light and like "Don't—don't—- don't,"she darkness of the sky an airplane a moth's frail wings, her selfishness

screamed, "I can't bear it. Get gliding smoothly through space. and grief and pride had been conout, get out. Leave me alone."An overwhelming resentment came sumed by the fierce blue flame of it.

When he had left the room she over her, a mad hatred for this She felt suddenly that Jerry's arms turned to the window and beat her thing that had been the instrument were about her even as this darkforehead with her fist, while she of his death. And yet—he had ness was about her: "One above

his could wildly plane, that she loved thewished cry. loved the spanning joyous and one below—love the clouds, into against soaring thrill of the busyShe looked down like silken threads."distance For

street below, she could hear the even as she loved (or had loved) the first time in her life she knew sound of horns honking, brakes the thrill of her dance. She rean understanding sorrow for all

scraping, people laughing. Lifting called somehow his words on one these people, the millions who had

her eyes she could see the sign in occasion: "Death could never be known a great grief. Her heart

four feet letters that held her name, the end of a love like ours, it would reached out to them and was "The Incomparable Laurizinia."be as though I were up in my plane cleansed by the inevitable and

Yesterday that had meant someand you were down here. You purifying fire of life.

thing to her. Yesterday life had look upward and know that someTears filled her eyes and streamis the there, exquisitely one dear where,been who up and now—it

I life. than nothing. less than more And loves you Shewas ashes, ed slowly. down;—her cheeks.

STUDYING BIRDS IN UTAH'S LAND

secrets lay hidden in their dark sects, and the writer whose special shadows. assignment was the birds and mamSome weeks previously I had mals of the region.

been thrilled with the assurance that I was to accompany an expeiR.] HANSEY and I left Provo dition from the Federal Govern- M a week before the others to

ment, the State of Utah and the establish camp and get things

Brigham Young University into ready for the task before us.

the Uintah Mountains of northAmidst hordes of "gnawing"moseastern Utah. The primary object quitoes and drizzling rain we laof the expedition was to study fish bored with tents and provisions.

PUSHING PEAKS "REGAL high; kept our spirits Nature with connected the THEIR BALD problems many But

THE WILDERNESS"CROWNS ABOVE of those denizens animal for the region lakes of that to study and and collect the little known bird, cold, rainsoaked forests have mammal and insect life to be found learned through centuries of exthere. The party consisted of Dr. perience to make the best of their

"In Nature's infinite book of Vasco M. Tanner who was in gensurroundings. A pair of Robins

secrecy a little can I read."nesting sang as our heads above

- Shakespeare. cheerily ten thousand lustily and

ROARING, and spouting water thefeet sunnyabove orchardsthe sea asof theythe valley.do in

under the combined difficulAn Osprey flew from her nest in the ties of a steep grade, a heavy top of a tall spruce and soared over load, and a high altitude, my car the lake in quest of some unwary topped the final ridge at the end fish. A pair of Spotted Sandpipers

of the road and gave me my first peeping plaintively skimmed close glimpse of Tryol Lake. For me, to the water and disappeared into

who had always been attracted by the mists, adding momentarily a strange tales of strange lands, this touch of melancholy. A chorus of

vast wilderness of the Uintah bird voices, some new to me, reachMountains with its thousand hided our ears from the depths of the den lakes, its dark spruce forests, forests and filled me with increasits bald peaks, and its strange and ing eagerness to be among them.

little known animal life, had held By the end of the second day's a kind of mysterious attractiveness work our camp was livable. Our

since I had hurriedly crossed its A YOUNG PINE GROSBEAK POSES tents faced northward and our eastern portion some years before. location gave us an almost unobNor was I disappointed when I eral charge of the expedition, Mr. structed view of our surroundings.

could at last relax from the strain J. Everett Hansey who was to asWe were in a kind of basin at the

of driving over a long and narrow sist him in the field work, Mr. John head of Provo River. From Haycanyon road and take account of Fechser (now deceased) and Mr. stack Mountain on the southwest

my surroundings. Truman Swallow who were reto Bald Mountain on the east we

While my companion and I consponsible for the collecting of inwere partially surrounded by a versed with the keeper of Tryol

Lake Lodge, my eyes, as if eager to drink in at once all of the beauties surrounding me, flew intermittently to the shining waters of the lake, the somber forests of spruce and balsam, the Purple Finches gathering crumbs from the lodge dooryard, and the regal peaks pushing their bald crowns above the wilderness on every side. As the

lodgekeeper pointed out Old Baldy, Reid's Peak, The Saddle, PIPITS NEST NEAR

Mount Watson and other landTHESESNOWBANKSETERNAL marks that were to become familiar objects to us in the weeks to come, I could not help wondering how many of Dame Nature's: 'I;: 31 Ey C+ Lynn Hayward WMMMMmi

of a THOUSAND LAKES

series of peaks and lower mounhad reached the nest, the hole in tains. which it was built was too small

On the third day of our encampfor me to get my hand in and I ment I set out on my first field trip. caught only fleeting glimpses of ROCKY MOUNTAIN JAY; "CAMPROBBER"

Heavy clouds rolled over the the inmates in their dark cavern.

mountains as they do most of the The old birds were careful not to no earth worms or cherry trees in time in late summer in those high put in their appearance while I those high altitudes he seems to altitudes. The tall grasses of the was about. Although these birds get along some way. This welclearings were wet from previous are considered to be rare in our come harbinger of spring fits in so

showers and drops of water showmountains, we saw a number of well with civilization about our ered me whenever a breeze shook them during our stay. The Threedwellings that we almost count him

the evergreens. toed Woodpeckers are much like with the domestic fowls of the

But even before I was out of barnyard, but in our dense mounsight of camp a pair of quiet Rocky tain forests we find him in his true

Mountain Pine Grosbeaks had wild state. He is no longer the

alighted on a branch a few feet trusting creature dragging worms above my head and flashed their from our garden a few feet away, scarlet and yellow headdress at seemingly heedless of our existme before they went on to ply ence, but a sly creature of the their heavy beaks against the pine wilds, slipping quietly through the cones. These large members of trees in true thrush fashion and

the finch family were common obkeeping well in advance as we apjects in those forests and easily proach. A half dozen of these

recognized by their large size, thick birds feeding in a meadow surbills, and red heads of males and prised me by flying to the shelter yellow heads of females. The of the trees when I was still a cononly other bird in that region that siderable distance away.

is likely to be confused with the As I sat quietly resting on a

Pine Grosbeak is the Purple Finch fallen tree a pair of curious Rocky but this bird, while it has the same EGGS AND NEST OF SPOTTED SANDPIPER Mountain Jays kept me company general color markings is much with their antics in a nearby spruce.

smaller and the female is plain our common Downy Woodpecker These birds are often called "Camp gray. in general appearance, but they Robbers"and are familiar to anyWhen only a few yards from have only three toes in place of the one who has camped in the woods.

camp I noticed strange peeps apcustomary four and the male has Their soft feathers enable them to parently coming from nowhere, a yellow patch on the top of his move soundlessly about among the but a little search revealed the nest head in place of the red one found trees, and except for the loud crys of an Alpine Threetoed Woodin our more familiar species. which they sometimes utter they

pecker in a dead tree stump about are among the most quiet birds of ten feet above the ground. With TT seemed familiar to see the comour forests. Not their voices but

apparent foresight the parents had mon Robin run along before me their tameness and trust in man protected the two young ones from as I tramped through the meadowmake them conspicuous, because outside dangers, for even after I like clearings. Although there are they are always a part of a forest

encampment. Our Rocky Mountain Jay has a conspicuously white

head by means of which it can easily be separated from its near relatives.

Totally different from the silent jays were the busy, chirping Juncos that flitted about me in the dense forests. I often encountered young

birds just learning to fly while their parents chattered and scolded at

ALPINE WINDTIMme as I passed by or paused to

BER, HOME OF pick one up. I was also fortunate

FINCH THE ROSY enough to find a neat nest under a fallen log containing four lightly speckled eggs. Our bird of the

(Continued on page 638) PART II ILLUSTRATED BY Synopsis: Tom Reynolds, a Westerner FIELDING K. SMITH

by birth, but a New Yorker by business, having lost his fortune in the depression, saw a new way of life by taking his family out to a dude ranch bordering the western foothills of the Uinta Mountains. He had these dry sheeplands will then be

recently deeded the ranch to his daughter, irrigated and cut up for farms."

Eileen. He thought they might capitalize "What a relief,"said Dadai.

on the horses they kept on the ranch, by "I've never seen such stretches of establishing a guide Mirror camp at Lake barren country in my life."in parties fishing the Uintas and taking

into the primitive areas of the mountains. "Oh, these are just the wide

Eileen, a product of finishing school, but open spaces,"laughed Tom.

a great mountainlover, was enthusiastic "And it's no place for your frills over brother, the idea, her small as was the Adoree, mother, and laces, Mother,"said Eileen. Jim. But wife and

abhorred it. She had never been West in "But wait until we get into those

her life. Eileen disliked leaving Wayne, mountains ahead of us. They'll

her sweetheart, but was glad to go. Sudmake you forget the Adirondacks."

denly their threatened plans were by an "They look cold and forbidding accusation charged which Mr. Reynolds

with having deeded the ranch to Eileen to me; they rise so abruptly, and

with the intent to defraud his creditors. they're such a sullen blue."

Adams, their leader, threatened suit, and "That's because of the cloudy realized that prove he gave he had toTom day and their great distance; Eileen in faith, the property good and

before he was aware of his impending they're much farther away than financial collapse. they look,"said Tom.

Dadai shivered and hugged Pirn as she looked at the snow on the faraway peaks. "They're terrifylike is this

ing."inescaping fromD.ADDY,forty little a imps

nightmare,"gloated Eileen at the wheel of the car.

The Reynolds family was four days out from New York, speeding over the vast, gray stretches of

Wyoming on their way to the Uinta Mountains.

"How many little imps?"questioned Jimmie, suddenly ceasing to

squint down the road. He had

been seeing how long he could sight straight ahead before a curve shut out his view.

"Gosh, Jim, Eileen must think I dreamed those imps of despair that started us on this crosscountry journey.""Imps of despair; what are you

talking about, Daddy?"

"Never mind, Jimmie, they're talking riddles,"Mrs. Reynolds

said; "This whole trip is so weird

it's like a great big riddle to me."

"What's the answer, Mummie?"

asked Jim, all for the riddle now.

"You tell me. It must be the end

of this journey, the ranch and the know more about thatcamp—you

than I do."

"Gee, that's not a riddle,"Jimmie's tone flattened, and he went back to sighting down the road.

"Oh look,"he exclaimed, "There's a big V in those mountains."

"That's Alcova Canyon,"said his father. "The PWA's helping Wyoming to dam the North

Platte in that V-shaped gap. All

A SILVER GIRDLE By CLAIRE W. NOALL

Pirn rolled his licorice eyes and down to Oakley to school,"said I ES. I had my applislobbered on his mistress'hands; Jimmie. "I wish I could have Star cation for the permit to establish

he anticipated no cold. out here, too."the camp sent from the Department

"Don't worry, Mother; the "Star wouldn't be adapted to this of Agriculture to the forest service

snow'll be gone before you know altitude, Jim. He couldn't climb office in Salt Lake City. And we'll

it. You can't imagine how cozy the mountains. I don't care if there be going down to Provo to see my

we'll be at the ranch. We'll spend isn't a school for me; I'm going to friend, Dave Morley; he's superabout six weeks there before we do my own studying. I've got a visor of the Uintas."

go over to Mirror Lake."new geology on the Uinta Moun- "What permit?"asked Dadai.

"I think it'll be fun to ride Rock tains,"Eileen announced. "The Wasatch and Ashley na-

"My child—what ambitional forests are in the Uinta

tion! It sets me in a flutter Mountains. I have to get Federal

to think about it,"gasped consent to establish a camp as a her mother. guide base. But that's easy. The

Government's first consideration in all the national parks and forests is public camping, and this scheme furthers that; it

makes it possible for a lot of people to go into the Uintas who couldn't do so otherwise."

"I see! you

just get your Uncle Sam's O.

K. to help people play Buffalo

Bridger in the national playgrounds."

"Buffalo Bill, Dadai, and Jim Bridger. Say! How'd

you like to meet Jim Bridger, the second? Morley might

be the old boy, himself! I'll

introduce him when we get to Provo. We'll be seeing

him at camp, too."

"It strikes me it's a case of seeing Salt Lake City, the center of scenic America, before we get away to that mountain hideout of yours,"said Dadai, bored.

"I believe Eileen can do it,"said "There are a few people in Salt

Tom. Lake I must see. I'm counting on

"Just so you don't turn stuffy, Hallam, my western lawyer, to take my dear."the wind out of Adams'murky

'I've turned mountaineer, Mothsails. If the dog persists in being

er. Dad, did you say we're going nasty about the ranch, I'm not so

EILEEN, SAID "OH,"SHORT. STOPPED AND straight to Salt through can't build case Lake besure he good up a

A INTO STEELLOOKING SHE PAIR OF WAS the ranch?"go up to against me."fore we EYES. (Continued GRAY 650) on page

POETRY To Lincoln Gift of Cactus Yellow Chrysanthemums

By Carl Fordis By Conrey Bryson By Cora May Preble thank you for that pledge of yours, MIGHT have sent you roses, but the SPLASH of yellow sunlightWE (Not the good words that we en- I rose On the garden walls grave Will fade and die beneath the burning sun. Goldenbronze chrysanthemums,

On pedestals, although we save I might have sent you orchids, I suppose; Gleaming fire balls.

Them gratefully. But this endures But orchids might be bought for anyone.

When stone flakes off, when soot obYellow lights that twinkle like unshackled love is space dusk, the wide In the Autumn life is treasured land one with where still, Haunting strong andThe scures—wordless pledge your whole life gave: OfMydesert

Poverty, failure can't enslave And loneliness is mellowed by the grace Memory's mellowed husk.

Firm faith! Of breezes from across a distant hill.

Curling yellow petals This is a salve that cures A cactus plant, in armor and secure Spun of fairy gold

The sores of ruin; this is light From false caresses or from passion's Ghosts of old dreams glowing,

in the of blight, eyesOf morning men Warming Autumn's. cold. again, to see the feared sun I'm sending you, to say my love is sure,Who

feel seeing, a gradual mightBut And deep as is the starry desert night. Autumn Leaves on the face the them, through and theySurge *.

dawn, Pavement Fill their lungs full and struggle on. Adolescent By Delia Adams Leitner

By Ethel Romig Fuller Waiting "DUT yesterday she was our little girl, OHYouvagrantgamboldancersdown intheyourcitygaystreetsattire.in

glee; Brief skirts above her bare brown By A. H. Christensen *-* wind your master, yet you all are free The aswirl. knees

tire. frolic whirl; to never and you tall, To is of sudden, she a and I've of waited days now Today, LOT afire set heart rhythmic motions Your all, my at not any a baby more And time to come, For Xmas in join revelry, gloriousA your you To is slim lilybud slender as a But

it just toI'd hate have slip by flee; bitter, heartaches aging bid And my prescient lovely of curves breast With all fun. theAnd me miss is share gladsomeness your my desire. To limb; and

after silence wistful often follows While last It didn't Spring come of death, I is the yours yet dance lilting And laughter; of spontaneity A days the wading was... here,Or when know. intrude slow, dare where do Nor we it could be suppose youDo left lifesustaining the behind. You've fragile take grow. shape dreams and Shy of the outside the year?On bough;

A ribbon ties her bright blown tresses now In gaiety and happiness you go

Back from the purity of her young brow. Regretting not, rejoicing in the now.

Masks Her limpid eyes have longfringed, sweet Oh may I catch your blithesome spirit, so

And unexpected depths; her feet Life's autumn shall my heart with joys

By Emily Clowes Burke Are learning new and joyous arts; endow.

thrills voice gravity that a our Her

.. hearts. There Wasn't Much

stands, gates of life at the sheIN daysa portraitof old,real,a painter bold, to make Tiptoe

Created close to Nature's magic brush Trustingly with eager, outstretched By Ardyth Kennelly

Whose touches more than skindeep, yea! hands

did reveal a model that day. to wasn't much Dear Heavenly Father, help us keep her THERE could blush as roses woman who Of walked. to the beach and we good, We went

blush. And bless her entrance into womanhood. We sat in the sand and looked at the sea

And mostly were still, though we talked.

But, now, the sheen of cheek and lip in color to disclose, Love On Spacious Mountains It was Monday or Tuesday or so, is alas, paints, a mask. The rose He in June. hot a hushed day And Rawlins Sheean By Jane rare! ice pink. cream. hamburgers, and ate We

of the from Art wails the canvasWhile little its spoon. with came own That

that share the you might WOULD pose: modern woman's

of soul joy is the painted creature, every- "She stars, I recall there home, coming were OI feel parapet verge mountain on and where!"half. in bitten the looked moon And

violet, Till of blue as ranges wings soft. gently and kissed I remember you me

in arcs All to sweeping, curve make a laugh. I touch your and your remember

At Rest Whole, lilies fields are greening where Near that to wasn't day, a There much scroll. Newton By Grace P. still lull, in the hot Just you

truly set calm Majestic uplands and seem other shadows But men now faith free. spirit Like the figure cure they sat alone—The MELANCHOLY wraiths,

fret heart long his weary had sought Too and dull!A and And other days stupid

earth would take from love a Where for peace; m

toll. heavy passing, a stifled heard moanA stranger

And knew another soul had found release. Memories

Now seven crags like hills of Rome exBy Grace Kaye pandA ray of sunshine came and touched his head; With music told in gleams of amethyst. ANTIQUE carvings caught on silken

A bird gave out a sudden happy song; I touch a star upon the Oquirrh height. dream threads

The crowd that thronged the park said Then love becomes a spacious western Matchless jewels necklaced on the soul...

he was dead: land. Memories glisten through their ancient

A face transfigured told them they Were O joy to share one hour a magic tryst golddust, wrong. On lonely hills companioning with light'Memories clink with a reminiscing toll.

The Word of Wisdom from the Standpoint of Science Ey P* Ku Edmunds, MX), n

itself, tell briefly the ing the heart kidto the and me that smoking is harmful?

the neys, these result that that."with ReadLETnextus item,now considerthat of overwork.

I am sure that, in view of what structures undergo degenerative The clipping was from the has already been said, the reader changes which render their efficolumn of Mr. Ripley, entitled,

could presage what might be said ciency markedly impaired. "Believe It or Not."There was

along this line. I will therefore only Furthermore, such drugs, as caf- a sketch of an aged man with a pipe

mention the points connected with feine may, under such conditions of in his mouth. Below were words

this phase of the discussion, leaving decreased efficiency on the part of to the effect that Mr. X had smoked

it for the reader to enlarge upon it the heart and kidneys, stimulate a pipe for some eightyodd years.

in his own mind. Added work them to overactivity, whereas they "There,"continued my friend

means a greater demand on the should, in reality, be permitted for he was, and is, my friend heart for added performance, and more rest than normally, and they "that proves that tobacco is not we have already stated that the difget less. Many a heart each day injurious."

ference between the work done uncomes suddenly to a halt, and the Does it? Or does it prove the

der a state of bodily rest and one curtain is suddenly drawn on the opposite? I hold to the latter view.

of severe exercise may be as much drama of life. Frequently such an The very fact that this case "made"

as 1000%; we can therefore conthe Ripley column proves that it

clude that it is possible to greatly is most unusual. But why is it

first this part of informative it unusual? unusual theovertax be breaking heart by Would the THE

article the subject important on it not, this state, or "Believe in Mr. of ModerationGolden Rule toX

is of health to found be page on for his air into that,respect. lungs severe but only has drawn Not 418, of Improve'July number The

exercise breaks down body tissues, merit Era. Dr. Edmunds has gone some eightyodd years?"Obviousthereby increasing the burden of into the subject of the Word of ly not. That which makes this

excretion by the kidneys. This, Wisdom in a way that will appeal case so unusual is the statement that

thinking to the of right peoreason into his systoo, elucidated poison has Mr. amply been X sucked that the document shows He still for requires yearsabove, no and and these many through further ple.presented Lord Jostem by the

comment here. Work should not eph Smith, the Prophet, is a most lives. There is nothing unusual

be deprecated, be it understood. In important one from the standpoint about the other nine hundred and

fact, it might be said that the worst of science. ninetynine who went prematurely

thing that might happen to the to their graves doing the same average man is to be deprived of thing! Again I say, such an inwork. It is an antidote for many exit follows a heavy meal in cident is a lasting tribute to the

an evil, worry being one of the which such foods as meat are taken marvelous capacity of the body to chiefest among them. But it is into the system in excess; added to perform its work despite the inagainst over work that the above this is the usual imbibition of cofsult that is heaped upon injury

remarks are directed. Sufficient rest fee, tea, etc., and the result: The from the early years of life on.

should, by all means, be tendered already degenerated heart with its I recall a certain "dope"addict the body, with its corps of little sclerosed blood vessels, having long who was brought into the psycho- "Trojans,"like the heart and kidsince called upon its last ounce of pathic hospital during my service neys and the blood vessels dereserve energy, finds itself stimutherein. I was amazed beyond exscribed in the foregoing pages. lated beyond its ability longer to pression to learn the incredible

This brings us to the fifth factor, respond—and it fails suddenly and truth that this individual had been

that of Intoxicants, such as Alcosurely. The pain during such an taking as much as forty grains of

hol, Tobacco, Caffeine, Lead, etc. ordeal is often referred to the remorphine per day! This will be

Without going into detailed disgion of the stomach, and full many amazing only if we realize that the cussion of these as a group or in- a man has suffered death from sudusual dose of this drug for theradividually, suffice it to state that den heart failure where the diagpeutic purposes is onefourth of one they do produce harmful reactions nosis has been "Acute Indigestion."grain, and that the usual toxic dose

when taken into the body, and I cannot leave this phase of the (sufficient to produce death in an directly or indirectly, or both, milidiscussion without mentioning a individual unaccustomed to the tate against and damage such orform of argument which is often drug ) is one single grain or at the gans as the heart, the blood vessels, brought forth by those who would most two grains! Yet here was an

kidneys, liver, brain, etc. In the find justification for the error of individual taking twenty times the

final analysis, this damage is their ways. It might aptly be iltoxic dose and still living! That

brought about essentially by prolustrated by the following example. is merely another case for Mr. Ripducing changes in the blood ves- I have before me a clipping from a ley, and one very much akin to the

sels, resulting in an increase in renewspaper handed me by one who one already cited. And what does

sistance, a decrease in blood supply is an inveterate smoker. "There,"it prove. That morphine is not

to vital organs of the body, includsaid he, "now will you continue injurious in overdoses? No, a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

thousand times no! It simply tion and assimilation of foods Adequate reason could not be

means that this body of ours is taken by each group, and these given for the differences noted in marvelously—even miraculously tests were found to be uniform in these groups. Chemically these

—adaptable to abnormal condiresults. Each group was given a grains were composed of the same

tions, and will withstand a treparticular kind of foodstuff, how- (16) elements; the calves were as

mendous amount of abuse someever, and was restricted absolutely nearly uniform, at the beginning times. But without suffering into that diet and none other. of the experiment, as was possible

jury? Oh, no. The injury is there, To one group was given corn to get them; their digestion studied

and sooner or later, and more often alone; to a second, wheat alone; proved to be uniform throughout;

the former, one pays the last to a third, oats alone; and to a they exercised together in the same

farthing. fourth group, a mixture of grains. lot; they ate about the same quangrain tity differenin each whole of food; the used and yet, was the The for of that part muchCO

is, case, stalk, that kernel, etc. the tiation pronounced and was was of I have which Wisdom Word

little there year one For but in favor of the decidedly fed group was part.called the first now we May

briefly consider the second part of change noted. Thereafter, differcorn alone. In the words of these

this document. entiation began with the following investigators: "It was not possible

In the recently past presidential startling and interesting discoverby any means known to bioelection, much mention was made ies. Group No. 1, fed corn alone, chemistry to work out a reason as

of "The Forgotten Man."I have stood out above the rest in all ways to the cause of the pronounced difchosen to refer to this part of the tested. They were better nourished, ferences in the physiologic wellfine. appeared of the different lots of being cows. sleek and Those Forgotas "The of WisdomWord

in "Nevertheless,"other the fed wheat alone, hand, on the we read planten Plan."whereis a For it

by we might well order our lives were roughcoated, gaunt, and revelation, "Corn for the ox."

as regards the matter of nutrition. small of girth. The group fed oats What about the statement,

it for as also the mixgroup fed a man?"Obviously, "Wheat the alone, considered already We have impractical ture of grains, interbe to submit would about were of detailmatter in enough of meat

that we may omit it from further mediate between the first two man to tests similar to those made discussion. Let us now turn to groups. on experimental animals. But,

that most interesting paragraph Further experiments were made. granting this might be done, I am

firmly of similar that the opinion animals These were studied from told grains. dealing with We are results obtain. a standpoint of is not This would reproduction with the for grain that "All is good

food of man; as also the fruit of the the following results: It was found an idle belief, for enough experivine.... Nevertheless wheat for that the group fed corn alone carmental evidence is at hand to justman and corn for the ox, and oats ried their young to term, bore ify such conclusions. I present

for the horse, and rye for the fowls calves of normal size (73 to 75 herewith some of this evidence. ), which were able to stand Wheat has rightly been termedand for swine, etc."pounds

I marvel that one unlearned in and suck within one hour (which is the "staff of Life"as pertains to ). In contrast was man. About onehalf of the dailythe science of nutrition should be normal for a calf

so bold as to proclaim to the world, the group fed wheat alone. Their caloric intake of the average man

over a century ago, such specific young were premature by three to is wheaten products. Converted

advice pertaining to the nutrition, four weeks, many were born dead, to bread, this would equal about not only of man, but also of the and still many more died within a 0.92 pounds per day, or about

very beasts! Facts which have not few hours after birth. Those which 1200 calories. Therefore, it is

even to this day been fully investisurvived were small in size, weighextremely important to know gated and proved, but which to a ing about 46 pounds, in contrast something of this part of our certain extent have been adequately to the cornfed group of calves dietary.

grain wheat divided be The may weighing In 75 pounds. the case all doubt,tested to prove beyond

three parts: the outer covering alone, fed oats of the group the into true. I preare strictly that they

sent some of these experimental young weighed about 71 pounds, or bran; the endosperm or main

evidences in the following pages. but were about two weeks premabulk of the grain; and the germ of

In the fore part of this century, ture, and many died within a day the wheat, that part which consome investigators at the Univeror two, or were born dead. Similar tains within itself the power of

living part of the sity of Wisconsin undertook to results were noted with group four. growth—the

study the effect on heifer calves of When now these young were grain.

feeding certain grains. Their exobserved in turn, similar findings The outer part may be divided

periments were carried out over a were noted the following year. into four layers: the outer layer,

fiveyear period and under strictly Furthermore, the cows were consisting of cellulose which is of scientific and accurate methods and tested to determine their relative value as undigestible roughage in observations. For the purpose of output of milk, with the followour diet; and the inner layers, constudy, four groups of calves were ing findings: Those fed corn alone taining cells rich in protein (aleuchosen, all weighing approximately averaged 24 pounds of milk per rone), phosphates and vitamine B.

the same (about 350 pounds) and day, in contrast to the wheatfed The endosperm contains starch being of a similar state of developgroup, which averaged only eight cells and protein granules lying in ment, nutrition, etc. They were pounds per day; whereas those fed a fine mesh of cellulose, these propermitted to play in a field devoid oats, and those fed a mixture of teins being gluten. This part of

of vegetation; chemical tests were grains, averaged about 19 pounds the grain serves to nourish the germ

performed to determine the digesper day. part when the grain is planted in

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

the ground, and until the growing and cannot be subjected to the for an answer. Numerous experiembryo plant can draw from the same micrometric proportions in ments have been undertaken to

soil and air its sustenance. It is preparing sandwiches, not to menshow the ill effects of such deficomparable to the yolk sac of the tion the unthinkable horror of havciency. The test animals used have

egg, which nourishes the embryo ing a few crumbs escape the mouth been, for the most part, fowls and until it has developed into a chick while one is eating said sandrats. It was noted that the latter,

or a bird and has picked its way wiches. for instance, that when they were

out of the shell into the outer world Silks may be esthetically sufed on white bread and water, they to "scratch for itself."perior, but there is nothing like were illnourished and died within

The germ part of the grain is "good old flannels"to keep body a short while, unless vitamine B particularly rich in valuable proand soul together when a stiff gale was added to their diet. In conteins and in essential vitamines. sweeps over Lake Michigan in the trast, similar animals fed the same

notably vitamine E (antisterility dead of winter. Likewise, white diet, but to which was added wheat

vitamine and vitamine B, with its bread may be more appealing to the germ, lived and survived to the subdivisions B'and B", being the esthete, but whole wheat and not third generation.

vitamine for the prevention of beriwhite bread is the true Staff of Life. Two other groups of rats were

beri, a nerve disease, and for the ( And brown bread is not necessartested as follows: Four rats were

prevention of pellagra, likewise a ily whole wheat bread, but may be fed a diet without vitamine B. One

nerve disease, as well as a disease in composition the same as white month later, two were completely of the skin, digestive organs, etc. bread, except for the addition of paralyzed in the hind legs, lost

In other words, this vitamine in sufmalt to give it the dark color. Nor weight and had "fits."One (the

ficient amount in the diet protects was "war bread"whole wheat worst) was placed on a diet of against these diseases much the bread, but a mixture of grains.) whole meal. It ate avidly, recoversame as vaccination protects A comparison of the two may ing rapidly within three hours.

against smallpox. readily be made from the followThe other was placed on white

The following chart tabulates ing table: bread. It hardly touched the

White Composition Flour Wholewheat sink.the important to continued components bread, and found CHemicalMoisture 40.0..... 37.21

itin different the whole parts of the wheat was given Fat 1.2 Thereafter SS

grain and in the whole grain itself: ProteinCarbohydrate 53.017.65 45.510.2 meal, which it ate ravenously with

Whole Cellulose 32 l.S prompt improvement in its condiBran Endosperm Germ Wheat 1.3 Ash 93

13.0 12.5Moisture 12.5 Present tion. 13.56 Trace Vitamines Only A, B,D,E,

Protein 10.5 16.4 35.7 12.42 Organic Phosphates..Trace Only Present Further tests were made withFat.8 1.7 3.5 13.1

Carbohydrate 43.6 74.3 31.1 1.7 the of rats from groups same It bread two white seen that will beCellulose.7 2.66 l.S 18.0

litter. fed whole Group Mineral.7 5.7 6.0 A was 1.97 is in vitamines, deficient notably

Vitamines Trace A,B,D,E A,B,D,E A,B

....Organic Phosphates... minerals, superior proteins, and meal, Group B white bread. The Trace

roughage; that it contains chiefly observation period began August 2

It will be noted that whole wheat carbohydrates, by virtue of which and terminated seven weeks later.

provides the following, in an exfact it indeed furnishes more In the interim, each group was fed cellent and perfect balance: calories per pound than does the exactly the same supplemental

1. Fuel for the body, in the whole wheat, although the latter foods, including casein, dried

form of carbohydrates and fats. far excels in the essential comblood, fishmeal and cod liver oil.

2. Building material, in the ponents of a normal dietary. For The same size hoppers were used to

form of protein which is of excelexample, there is no vitamine B in feed the two groups, and these lent type. white bread except that which is were kept constantly filled. It was

3. Mineral matter, in form of added in the yeast used to leaven interesting to note the progress of

iron, calcium, phosphates, etc. the bread. And this amount is negthe two groups. Those fed whole

4. Vitamines, particularly vitaligible when we consider that one meal weighed, to begin with, less

mines B and E, the latter perhaps pound of white bread contains but in the aggregate than did the other found in sufficient abundance no23 grains of yeast, which, in terms group; yet at the end of the feeding

where else than in the wheat germ. of vitamine B, is equivalent to only experiment they weighed 300

5. Roughage, necessary to norone-half the needed daily quantity grams more, were sleek and

mal bowel function. to protect from beriberi a onehealthy, in comparison with their

Unfortunately, we live in an age pound pigeon! And other foods brothers, who weighed less, were

of estheticism where looks count taken in the daily dietary fail to debilitated, listless, lost ground and for more than true worth. The make up for this shortage; (such died. This despite the fact that the

white loaf has precedence over the foods include eggs, beans, peas, group fed white bread ate more whole wheat loaf by virtue of its pulses, lentils, potatoes, nuts). than twice as much food as did

more esthetic appearance, and beEven whole wheat bread alone those fed whole meal.

cause it can be sliced so daintily would be inadequate in this factor What connection does this have and thin as to be pleasing and at- ( vitamine B ), but with the abovewith man? None, directly, since

tractive to the eye. The stomach named supplemental foods, it supas before stated, man is not used

seems hardly to be considered at plies sufficient of this necessary in the same way as an experimental all. The wholewheat loaf of tovitamine. animal to determine effects of defiday, on the other hand, does not What happens when this factor ciency in this and that factor in the

appeal to the esthetic to the same is not present in sufficient amount diet. However, inadvertently, man

degree for the reason that it is in the diet? To answer this, let us has proved certain things to be true

dark; moreover, it crumbles readily first turn to experimental medicine (Continued on page 636)

came and I SINS D.AWN and was eight. A wideawake

wary eight. At four o'clock I was

to be baptized "for the remission of my sins."The baptism bothered me. It meant a dipping

"down into the water and out again."A frightening affair submind. No rebuffs in the form of

merging all other events of the day: shooings and chasings, clubs and

new frock, threeruffled petticoat, stones had squelched him. I had

bananacream cake, birthday party even taken up the matter with his with twenty guests all seemed inowner, who laughingly promised cidental. to keep the offender at home, but

I knew I was wrong in being the visits continued until the black afraid. But there it was and no rooster had become my Public Enamount of arguing with myself emy No. 1.

could gainsay it. I was resentful Knowing full well that my foe's

too. And as is usually the case, song was but a prelude to a little

the resentment was born of pride. gardening, and unmindful of the

I was to be baptized in a canal sacredness of the day, and the sins that ran through slender willows I must no longer commit, I put all behind our barn. I had heard, Utah her people had wailed and my strength behind a wellaimed

with envy, of the pretentious font remonstrated and finally disowned rock, caught his majesty full in his in the temple at Salt Lake City. A her, but she had been so sure that feathered breast, and sent him in

great golden font it was said to it was "the one and only church"screaming defeat back to his side be. You had to walk up stairs and that she had come across the Atof the fence.

down stairs to be baptized there. lantic (thirty days it had taken) Before returning to my bed and

Much like a queen at a coronation, and straight to Zion. baptismal fears, I looked with pro-

I had thought. You were required Even when she had walked tective pride at my garden. The

to wear all white from the skin out. across the plains from Missouri to seeds, but recently planted, had

It seemed glamorous and enviable Utah she had never once doubted been given me by an adored to me. My grandmother hearing that she was going to the "Promteacher. I should have guarded

my praise of it, had consoled me ised Land."them with my life, and so I felt no

with, "Remember that Jesus was remorse for the stone.

fortunate in the morebaptized River Jordan."1 WAS rooster garden and At breakfast

I I said, she, she than because had exclusively was moment At the forgotten. three both were My in its of Promise. the born baptism Land was withconcerned and my brothers, older fullfledged already

I I That's must terrors. welcomepossible myself see could why my paperat Mormons, tweeked my eighth to birthday the chance and the afraid while Eldersbeing

curls taunted wrapped and me real I a hear become could Mormon.clasped hands. my with:

revto conclude though of friends they snickers asthe As my my out."toes stick bet your erie if I the challenging of boast a "I tremble. shouldsaw me What "You'll probably have to be diprooster clattered the through cry, to open dipped refuseeven be and times,"twenty ped breath. I caught children water. That I had window.under my Some "You'll half the canal."drink the awful black rooster over to fromheard of had had be immersed

twice because some part of their fence was in our yard again. Teasings that took on the terribody was not covered in the first Probably at this very moment digfying appearance of all too possible

attempt. I shuddered. ging like mad in my garden and realities.

Still I reasoned, I had never crowing about it! Without benefit

heard of anyone's drowning in the of boudoir I left my bed and wrigDressing me for process, and it was no doubt worth gled through the window. the birthday party, my mother said,

any effort because it was a fine I arrived propitiously. The "Now, that you are going to bething to be a real Mormon. cock was again at the point of come a Mormon, you'll have to be

Good people were Mormons. waking the world from his vantage very careful about the things you

My father, my mother, my bluepoint a-top the fence. How often do. You must set an example for

eyed Danish grandmother with her had I seen him thus. King of all other children not so fortunate as

tales of pioneer days and her conhe surveyed. Boasting that he was you."

version in Denmark. about to strut into my garden and I heard her but distantly being

Becoming a Mormon had been stir up things. From the moment tremendously concerned over the

like a miracle to her. Mormon mis- I had fenced off, with dried twigs whiteruffled dress, the patent

sionaries, speaking broken Danish, and twine, my own little plot of leather slippers, the pink sash had called at her home. What ground, the rooster had taken a adorning a stifflystarched eightthey had said had seemed right to personal interest in my garden. yearold who surveyed me in the

her. Indeed, his interest had grown mirror.

When she had decided to beto such a pitch that his visits were The party was a great success.

come a member and emigrate to far too frequent for my peace of Paying dividends in the way of "Yes, sir,"I promised through chattering teeth. It was over. I

was a Mormon, and hadn't drownREMITTED ed in the process. I must be good

from then on. Wash the dishes

when Mama told me. Tell no fibs, By ELSIE PETERSEN nor covet my neighbor's servant,

nor his ox.

Suddenly I realized that all the four painted cups and saucers, sins I had committed to date were small girl size; a top, slightly soiled, miraculously washed away. I was

which a younger brother immeglad, for with all the excitement I diately seized; five cotton handkerhad frequently wondered about the

chiefs, one with a bored cat in a health of the rooster. Suppose I

corner; an undressed doll of diminhad killed him? Well, it wouldn't

utive proportions; and a great doll matter now, for God had forgiven

from my mother. me in the baptism.

By the time vanilla ice cream I looked up at my mother. She

made in our own freezer, and threewas holding out a coat for me, frosted cakes had completely dissmiling confidently. I wriggled inappeared, I was strutting with my to its warmth and glanced back at

own importance. Everyone was the canal. Its waters, greying as

looking at me curiously, I thought morning. It was here that we the day aged, looked sinister and

even a little enviously. This was thronged. Here, too, that I should sombre. I caught at my mother's

not only a birthday party, but a soon be led into the waters of baphand for reassurance.

tism. fear party. baptismal birthday My it's asked. she over?""Glad

spot. the at Fearfully, I looked forof fragmentarily water was 'n I'm to be going ma'am, "Yes, inflation minutes of a All few gotten. my

girl, too."a good I afraid. gone. was before suddenly o'clock, precisely four Elder At

Johnson, a neighbor and a friend, I glanced at my friends, they were And I was a good girl for the opened our gate and I knew that as usual. I looked at my brothers, rest of that day. Helped with the

my time had come. I dashed ahead they were jabbering without any supper dishes, and crooned the

of him into the house, into my sense. I took a deep breath, trying baby to sleep.

bedroom where I removed my to regain my party stoicism. What

party finery, a little regretfully, had my grandmother said? "I.DUT my own sleep

and donned a wornout percale must be strong—I must be strong had hardly begun, or so it seemed,

let the when the challenge of the rooster frock, dark blue with white flecks,—I must not be afraid—and

plain white panties and my oldest Elder baptize me without any was again in my ears. Red rage

shoes. fuss."surged through me. I determined

The Elder, amused to see me I did. But I suffered. The first to end the matter. Put unstockingready so soon, was spooning a chill of the water about my knees ed feet into sturdy shoes, tied their

great dish of ice cream in the partook my breath. I hung tight as laces hurriedly about my ankles,

lor. death to the Elder's hands. I lisand hastened outside.

"Can't you wait?"he grinned. tened to his blessing, ready for that I arrived, alas, too late. Herr

"No, sir,"I answered, my heart last great breath I must take before Rooster was already tearing with fluttering in my throat. I was going under. destructive feet at my garden. Not

eager, but I was frightened, too. "Keep your knees stiff and your hesitating to consider the right or

"Let Elder Johnson finish his ice feet on the bottom,"I had been the wrong of the matter, I struck cream,"my mother admonished, warned, I did. My toes, once at him with a sizable club I had

taking me on her lap. Feeling a more in their native state (I had picked up en route.

little too grownup for such gesleft the shoes, thriftily, on the The rooster half ran, half flew tures now, I walked solemnly out bank) dug deep into the gravel toward the fence. With childish

among my guests, quite unaware bed. I stiffened my legs painfully. fury I followed in his tracks, to a

of appearing ridiculous in my sarWhen the Elder ceased speaking small aperture worn by investigattorial inelegance. I shut my eyes fiercely shut, took ing fowls. Just as Chanticleer was

"When's it going to be?"someone deep, gasping breath, and went halfway through, my avenging

one shouted. down and up all in a moment. club felled him with a blow.

"Soon's Elder Johnson finishes Still clinging to the Elder's A fierce exultation seized me.

his ice cream,"I said. hands, shaking from cold and fear, I had downed an antagonist, con-

"Let's go down to the canal,"an I looked up at him questioningly. quered a foe. I turned in eagerolder brother, eager to be doing, He patted my head reassuringly, ness to my garden. Patted with

suggested. Like a stream we surgbut I had to know. tender fingers at the disturbed fured around the house. "Was I all right? Did I get wet rows. Now, the seeds could grow,

all over? Do I have to be bapand flourish, sprout green shoots,

Directly opposite tized again?"burst into flower. Now that there

our barnyard gate a sort of beach- "No. No. You were fine. was no danger of being torn from

entrance had been worn where the Now you must be a good little their bed. Now that the rooster

cattle were watered night and Mormon."was dead. (Continued on page 635)

MAE) AEAN EATH! Flaming, falling death,Dscreaming out of the

clouds in roaring bursts of shattered wreckage. Blazing coffins WAYNE

thudding into the earth like meteors. curling the into Smoke By ROBERT M. HYATTshocked funeral heavens from the

pyres of slaughtered comrades dotting Land. Man's No

it a sullen eye below, and prepared This, the with months of whirlWar! The insane jigsaw of

ing dogfights, of poison gas, of stretched far back into the past; to make the final plunge that would

sleeptortured dreams, had finally and ahead into a hysterical, whirlwrite finis to everything. His lips

got Captain Alan Wayne, Amering future that had no end. But drew back. His eyes glowed in

youthful ace, veteran stick the Wayne, sockets. their pushed Heican leader Flight, of 77th Alan C an had had end he... and throttle wide jerking the forward,Squadron. going was mad. He

it. reached coughed Archie of as just burst a it. seen others hadHe knew Hego mad. Yet—through the most dangerbeside him.

And so, this 23year-old victor ous fights he came unscathed. He Tracer bullets whistled past his

of many battles, circled moodily in seemed infallible. No Fritz on the wingtip. They jumped to the

his bulletscarred singleseater at whole raging Front could outman aileron, then began chattering to9000 feet, fully determined to nose him; therefore it must be by his ward the cockpit. Instinctively

over in a spin and end the whole own hand. he eased back on the stick, whipmad experience in a deliberate He couldn't go on. He wouldn't! ping over in a halfloop. As he

crash. It would have to look like He laughed hopelessly, mirthlessly. straightened out he saw a lone

overshot Fokker had. funnyan.. and he had whitenosed Life was accident—for the sake of the instant Alan was him. The next... lived too long.family.

His nerve was gone. "A quitter! flashing down upon the enemy's

tail. quitter!"whitelivered heA plain his flashed ship /\S selfof all thoughts Gone now mirthlesslymuttered prepared as he cast cloud clear of a streamer he spirit destruction. old fighting Theto join the souls legion of there

below. had him once more. It was only

in that these grew he moments his brain before month had A warclouds over gather again A S in together lips pressed sane. His to explode.seemed suddenly A -** this earth the not read may we line. again a cruel, hard Onceperpetual his vision, mist filmed red of Great our memory story—a cold, the became Alan to> Wayne tightly hold World his in air the escapadesand War-—and had

fight relentless Peace. brother he should Nemesis, and was Why the ofassumed appearance some

to for, against brother, according he hoped swooping on what down afterabysmal madness. Enemy the of the Master, pronouncements victim. fiftythird be his would his wilted belchbeforeenemy had all brothers, of are sons one we

ing Vickers, and hurtled into eterFather? The wind sang like angry ghouls

nity. Just now war is in the air everythrough his wires as he flashed

silver newspapers and -—earthward it happened. had Then fever His screenswhere it at us. scream The German. Nearer on the tail—nearer—of the divingHisbrain dead. of former went Ghosts of conflict is contageous. Steady

comrades stalked through his few heads and hearts must hold firmly hand found the Vickers button. Its

short hours of sleep. Tossing and to the peace ideal or another conrattle of death was inaudible in

flagration sons send our may and the roar of the motor. terrifylivedmoaning, he the same skies, roaring brothers the through of Fragments cloth were torning night. after night over dream the seas, across over under and

For a time a pint of steaming shellmarkjed terrain at eachfrom the German's tail assembly black coffee as he crawled out for other's throats? And for what as his steeljacketed slugs found

that there must remember target. are their leveled We German Thethe patrol steadied had dawn in people of country his hordes every off, clear. Alan's halflooped and this lately nerves.jumping But profit will a war. must by who We loop in time to see brought out him its that. forget lost people, never These muscles power.had His

fullthrottle the a Fokker publicly go into decrying can though war saggy. brightwent how No matter

find for war. reason some climb. Instantly the for altirace living in a alwaysthe day he seemed to be property, honor, or or our our Our on. tude was fog.red rights, else, sovereign something or

In the air everything was difto them, is ample excuse for flinging The whitenosed Fokker was a ferent. He knew no fear. It was our boys as sacrifices to the gods of climbing fool, but Alan's Hisso

again, will Fortunes, war. be made less, the none once and was more his cot that at nighton he shook

if overnight comes, but war we the planes two terms. on even were terror of with the trembledand not allow must must forget—we

like the hawks woundedfalling. his ourselves to Now others from or he awoke When forget—thenot

tormenthaunted dreams he cursed terrible price which must eventually ships rolled and twisted, the Gerpaid comes. be if war in effort the to get an away; man forhimself trem- a coward—and this this multiply story Read and strike to determined American the the more.bled

participated lad thousands by who other into Flashing a down. bit wanted He to scream. He in the and you will World War

his lip until it bled to keep from it. have some idea of the anguish that screaming wingover, Alan found

It was this urge to scream that war brings upon humanity. himself directly behind the Fokker.

convinced him he was mad. Before he could send his burst into

ILLUSTRATED BY FIELDING K. SMITH

the tail, the German halflooped to the right. Realizing that this

maneuver would quickly put the

Archie on his tail, Alan halflooped to the left.

The next moment the ships were flying in a steepbanked circle, chasing each other's tails. And

now the race was in the laps of the gods. Each knew that if his

engine faltered, or altitude was lost by either, it would be his finish.

The planes were matched, as were the two pilots. Alan's heart expanded in admiration as he breathed: "Heavens, how that lad can

fly!"WlTH one wing pointing toward the earth, and the other toward the zenith, both ships roaredgained—noraround thelost.circle.ThereNeitherwas

nothing to do but hang to it and wait for a break.

Alan was able to look across the circle of death straight into the eyes of the grinning, blond youngster. The latter wore neither helmet nor goggles. Alan's teeth

flashed in an answering smile as he felt his heart go out to the

Fokker's pilot. Then it happened.

The Fokker's engine stuttered and coughed, and as the ship faltered, ominous smoke rings leaped from the exhaust. Like a flash the

German boy slid into a dive, instantly followed by Alan. That

was the break. Luck again rode

with the American. The other

must die.

Alan knew he couldn't miss at that distance. Coldly, deliberately

he swung his nose sharply to bring the Vickers in line with the Fokker's cockpit. He pressed the

button. Two short, sharp barks

snarled from the gun. Then silence.

The belt was empty.

Alan hurled bitter invectives at the fleeing Fokker, then turned and headed for home. His feet were

clumping on his own tarmac before he realized that he had been prevented from killing himself. He

muttered, stopped and half turned as if to reenter his ship. But

mechanics were swarming over it, and he shrugged and trudged wearily toward his quarters.

AS ALAN RIGHTED THE SHIP, THE FOKKER, For long hours that night he sat

SO CLOSE HIGH, PAST ROAREDONE WING -IT brooding on the edge of his cot. HIS HEAD. AMERICAN DUCKEDTHE

SEEMED THE WINGS HAD BRUSHED. ALAN His heart was bitter against the

A WHITETOOTHED OF A GLIMPSEHAD GRIN German pilot who had come roarOFF AT AN ANGLE. SHOTAS OTHER THE

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

ing out of the clouds just in time jumped into space when fingers of stone fence trying to land in a to prevent him from taking his last fire reached for him. Beside Jimcemetery. There were many other

despairing plunge. Another night mie was that Cockney lad who had girls who had once smiled at him.

of torture. His hatred of the been blown to bits when he had But they didn't smile now. They

youngster mounted as he flopped gone down with chattering guns merely stood looking up at him restlessly on his cot. on an amanolloaded observation and stared ghoulishly, and willed

But after a time the memory of sausage. And there was Cal him to jump.

the German kid's friendly grin Murray, and Billie Moran, and forced itself to the front of his Gordie Landon. All stood there WlTH the dampness

thoughts. His mood changed. His and stared at him with blank, terriof fear trickling down his face,

face softened. He smiled wanly. Alan would pick from the crowd

"I'd like to know that kid,"he faces of men he knew were not muttered, as he relaxed on the hot dead. In the morning he would

pillow. "Maybe some day...."meet them, and become confused,

His eyes closed in sleep. A thin not sure if he had seen them killed

smile parted his pale lips. A faint or not. It was a ghastly ordeal to

flush tinged the poor, sunken step into the daylight and come cheeks. face to face with the fellows you

had met in the land of the shades.

.rxLAN'S dream came Tonight as Alan dreamed, the

at last: the same old torturing impulse to jump became overpowdream that was driving him insane. ering. In his terror he threw himAgain the sweat beaded his foreself flat on his face and dug his

head, and he tossed and moaned fingers into the stony soil, tearing in agony. the nails loose. He moaned and

He seemed to be standing at the shook in a pitiful manner. At last

edge of a high precipice. Far bewhen he knew he must leap to end

low him was the sea... a sea of the agony, a hand reached out of

ghostly faces, set in stark, rigid the darkness and pulled him back death. Like frozen masks, but from the cliff's edge. As he was

with accusing, unblinking eyes they drawn to safety he felt the urge to stared up at him. The wills of leap grow weaker. His knees

the staring horde seemed concenbuckled under him, and he would trated in one tremendous comhave fallen had not a strong, young mand to him to jump... and his arm been thrown about his waist

heart pounded madly in his breast to hold him erect.

at the thought of that long, sickenNow Alan looked into the face ing fall he knew he must take of the youth that had come to his sooner or later. Each time the aid. He found himself staring into

dream returned, the impulse to two blue eyes that twinkled beleap among those waiting, silent neath a thatch of blonde hair. It

figures grew more impelling. Yet was the German pilot of the afterhe didn't want to jump. His soul noon, smiling at him with sympacringed in terror at the very thetic understanding.

thought. So he stood with shakSomething snapped in Alan's

ing knees upon the precipice, and brain. Unrestrained rage welled

moaned in horror at the fate he fying eyes, unblinking in bony in his heart. He swung suddenly

knew awaited him. sockets. with open hand upon the freckled

He always recognized many of And girls, too. Girls he had cheek of his rescuer.

the ghostly legion: There was known in his training days in Can- "You thickheaded fool!"he

Manny Hale. Manny had flopped ada, England, and France. Girls shouted. "Why did you butt in?

past him one morning in a ship whose names he had forgotten, but I was going to jump. Now I have

that had become a blazing coffin. whose smiles he remembered. to go through it again."

Beside Manny was that tall, lanky There were a few he could call by He began to run, blindly, stumSwede who had died when he name, a very few. He saw Renee, blingly. He came to the cliff's

buried his nose in the mud at Warwhose father had owned the tavern edge. Below him the set, grayish

wick Field. Not far from the in Ypres. Near Renee was Marie, faces still stared upward. With a

Swede he saw Baptiste, the Canwho had worn his cap the night wild cry he threw himself over the adian, who had stripped his wings his motorcycle was blown from edge, and felt himself falling...

one morning in a raid on a German under them, Marie in the sidecar. falling...

drome, and who had waved his She had gone to the hospital and Alan awoke with a scream. He

hand in farewell as he rode down died. There was Yvonne who had was standing wideeyed on the

to eternity for all the world like a sung songs to all the boys in the floor beside his cot. His comrades,

man taking a canoe plunge for barracks the week he'd landed in dressing in the flickering candle sport. He saw Jimmie McClain, France. She had loved him, or light, stared at him oddly. With

who had crawled out on the wing so she said. She had broken her superhuman effort Alan pulled

of his burning twoseater, and neck when they crashed into a himself together.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

in to screamhim, still hurtling been close meet now. It zoomed downward I—must've "Guess—guess to began flaming. sudhaving he eyes Alan's Abruptly ing spirals. a nightmare,"he explained guns

falteringly. With a shaking hand denly glinted with excitement and pant. His heart felt breaking in

he poured himself a huge bowl of hatred. The Fokker was piloted his breast. In a flash he knew the

steaming coffee and gulped it by the towheaded kid! Alan's towheaded kid had not been an

down. lips drew back in a snarl. enemy... but one he had loved

"It's you or me this time, Fritz,"... a brother, another human be-

a great his himself, heart like seeming growled. a boy with Then folhe ships two ONLY duel the a fatal ideal. to soften. on hand had fought ed The He into plane dull greylowed Alan's

the air that morning. One was stick relaxed momentarily. Then with a brother, and for what?

Orlo Baker's lean Spad. The swearing steadily he gripped the He was choking. The dead

.other was Ray Hooker's battered stick tightly, and slipped on a little youngster in the shattered cock-

S. E. 5. Five ships had been with rudder. "It's you or me this time, pit far below was pulling his whole

him on the last dawn patrol two Towhead,"he repeated grimly. soul out of him.

days before. But three of them Alan's change of direction let

wind seemed the Fokker go shrilling past him. J\ COLD charred and mangledwere now driving his brain, to blow through lines. behindwrecks the German misunderall fear of and the fog 1 banked American HE out, four shapes dark hour An mirror, in a out. as standing Now, the to cut steeply attempted and of out upon themzoomed down the time, for the saw Alan, kid nose. the swung other's But Indeath. spitting clouds,the hot clearly. he knew why Nowfirst War promptly, stick, dived a and wickedstantly the and world mad, went at stared him his comrades dead stick jerking his instantly almost spinin crazy, shipsseven were a faces. horrified from dead eyes with belly, arching his into upward back rolling dogfight.ning, clarity utmost the with saw He it full of in loop. out came a He twisting, Slipping, diving, Alan insanity the of bloody the damnable barely slugs, spitting Alan and see in just time to outstraightened other each shooting orgy. Kids clear. roll to managed at Pfaltza darkpainted coming diskids sky. of Other out the ship, the the righted Alan As the found headon.him His thumb the other each on emboweling past high, roared Fokker, one wing chatbutton. Vickersgun The staring those ground. wonder No his close the ducked so American

tered for a oncom- moment. The filled unwinking with eyes were It the head. had wings seemed

spiral thin faltered.ing Pfaltz dead, A torment. were and only They of glimpse a Alan had

pilot, rolled over the and brushed.of smoke of the see the madness could dead grin the other as a whitetoothedthe next instant the enemy was shot off at an angle. Snarling the goredrenched saturnalia.wobbling earthward out of control. through set teeth he cracked his His brain seemed to clear moAlan grabbed a little altitude, throttle wide, skidding onto the mentarily.... He slumped forand looked up just in time to see other's tail. But when the German ward and through teardimmed

Ray's S. E. 5 rear its nose toward pilot risked both wings in an abrupt eyes saw the whitenosed Fokker

the sky. For a moment the ship Immelman, Alan smiled. still twisting to its death. Then

seemed to hang on its prop, then And now the Fritz was riding his a murky twilight seemed to gather whipstalled and shot downward, rear. Tracers from the Spanover his gaze; he felt dead, exlosing a wing as it fell. But Ray deaus smoked past the American's cept the raging fire in his chest.

took his enemy with him. In that shoulder. A wing strut suddenly A racking cough brought redbrief moment when he stood on parted with a twang. Glass on the flecked foam to his lips. His left

his tail he had poured hot lead into instrument panel shattered and hand was slipping from its grip on the exposed belly of the checkerpowdered Alan's face with tiny the stick... his foot bore heavily

... the ship dropboard Fokker above him. Now the cuts. He half looped and stabon the rudder

stricken German ship was flutterbing flames shot through his arm, ped off in a great shrieking spiral, ing out of the fight. then upward through his shoulder. motor roaring at full throttle.

Alan glanced around. Two The German roared over him. He From shellpocketed No Man's

left. One,Germans spun last his who had had played card—and lost.

fight, of theout back. was climbing Fokker doomed! was—theLand, funerala thin columnpyre ofofTowhead.smoke rose The

The other, belching bullets, was In a daze Alan came out diIt must be night... so quiet

diving headlong at Baker's Spad. rectly behind the diving enemy.... again the old dream: those

Alan saw Baker's plane leap toHis tracers found the other's cockawful, staring eyes looking up at ward the other as if spurred. It pit in a deadly hail of steeljacketed him from far below. Only now

merelyseemed the ships would crash head slugs. The German kid's head they did not beckon—but

on. Then both noses lifted, and jerked, then rolled loosely on watched, waiting, knowing.

like striking eagles, using wheels slumped shoulders. A second later Alan's eyes closed. Still he saw

for talons, the planes met bellyon. the gallantmotored Fokker dropthem watching. They seemed to

... His head droppedThe props splintered. Baker's ped off in a sloppy spin. be smiling.

smiled forward. too he And now tore itsengine loose from bed and roaring, slowly head Alan With of peace. radiant benedictioncrashed the through downward—a light, circled in the alone morning spiral screaming sudhad Thecockpit. watched, Alan both As in skies, great the that of void had far into the denly ceased. Andships in locked an embrace recently the of so of chargbeen clean, of skies blue twodeath in disappeared the mists being, deathspitting machines—cofscene smoke entwined—columnslow. rose—slowly fins glassy as now. His eyes were

... became one—vanished.

last plane after ship stared he the was The German doomed

The Challenge By Katie C Jensenof Charm "Lovely Ladies"

"Women Were Made to answer yes to all of them. It isn't have them. But I do know a

Delight the Eye"magic—it isn't a case of Aladdin woman who uses "Lux,"(and for

lamp, is nor ladies, wonderful and thin be- a very good Lux do you look? How

. is ) fairy it only beshrink doesn't Followed cause theGodMother—it beautiful? Are you those cause oil plain conscious (rub). bath women are Just an by smart Are you possibilities looking? of oil have olive woman's and warmed and massaged Are you well groomed? set out to reach them. If skin. are into you the

dainty? Are you favored, have been you Daintily (Nice powderpuffed. Are you "good"looking? beautiful,unless a beauty, have you dead and talcum powder.) smooth pretty? Are you lifeless. debeauty charm The smooth and shiny. Hair brushed lovely? Are you thing flashes that is a mands and

Do you have that "lettuce"(let lights. It is spontaneous and comes Teeth brushed and sparkling.

us ) look? when least expected. But loveliSimple exercises (enough to

ness, smartness, grooming, daintikeep fit, muscles firm, and blood

SENTENCED to death as an ness, "good"looks, come through tingling).

habitual criminal, awaiting a desire to please spiritually and Clean night clothes.

the hangman's noose. Jean physically, and a yearning for in- A simple prayer on bended knee.

Poqueron was told that he would ner security and power. White, white sheets.

be freed if a maiden was willing "Not a Gift"—Loveliness is an A song in one's heart, a clear

to marry him. At this moment a acquired virtue. No woman is conscience.

girl stepped forward willingly, but born with it, although some may Eight hours'sleep. (What could

Poqueron took one look at her, inherit tendencies which make it make one feel "eleganter,"in the shook his head and said, "No, I'd easier for them than for others to words of Skippy?

rather marry the gallows. Hangdevelop the qualities that produce What more do you want to preman do your duty."He was hangloveliness. Also, some of us are pare you for the day to come? A

ed forthwith in Rheims in 1234. more fortunate than others in that millionaire with all of his millions,

So the story goes. Before, and we have been raised in an environ- a king with many kingdoms, could

long since poor Jean made history, ment conducive to the develophave nothing more. And what has

has it mattered how woman looked. ment of these qualities. it cost? Only a little effort. Even

"Secrets"—"Personal beauty But environment and heredity men could follow these simple

has never been an accident of nanotwithstanding, loveliness is an rules and profit by them. You

ture. The first woman who outeffect that can be developed by would say: "Men do not like pershone her sisters in beauty was the any woman. It must be done confumed baths."Let us pause for a

woman who discovered that by sciously and with a certain amount moment and discuss this. Men

doing certain things and not doing of effort, for it takes real effort to like perfume. Statistics show

others she could acquire beauty of discipline one's temper, appetites, that. Men purchase more of the

hair, freshness of eyes, pleasing moods, and instinctive selfishness; highly perfumed aftershaving locontours of the body, and keep and real effort to learn how to keep tions, bath salts, hair oils, powders

them long after they were lost to the body groomed to the degree and creams than women. There

other women of her age. Her society recognizes as evidence of are few men who do not like good

secrets, jealously guarded, were our cultured civilization. But the perfume. It doesn't make them

passed on to her daughters, who effort is only in acquiring the habits any the less masculine, it doesn't in turn told them to theirs. And of these things. Once learned, brand them as weak or effeminate,

then heredity had its say, autothey become almost instinctive, cerif we understand the reason why matically passing on to the children tainly subconscious and effortless. they like it. Perfume was origphysical symmetry and specific Loveliness is purely feminine, inally used as an after dinner pofigural refinements that were perfor under no circumstances can a tion to help digest foods. In

haps painfully acquired and held man be lovely, no matter how adAsia it is widely used to quiet the by previous generations."mirable or handsome he might be. nerves and aid digestion. Many

Every woman has herself to And for a woman either to overOriental peoples rest after each make precious. In what way can look the need for loveliness or to meal, inhaling their favorite

she display her wares? Every girl depreciate it is the grossest stupid- "scent"in the belief that the menand woman should be able to anity. Her loveliness is her strength. tal state thus created induces aswer yes to at least one of the relaxation and contentment. We

questions at the beginning of this "What Price Beauty?"should all like it if it means peacearticle. A fortune teller isn't of mind. But perfume is made for

necessary—rate yourself. I know A WARM bath (with a dash of skin, not clothing, and may be ofsome women who could truthfully sweet "smelly"bath salts if you fensive if overdone.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

Some women claim that lack of "How Firm A Foundation"1. Malnutrition and getting

overtired, let is for reason the a mainmoney is FoundaBeauty's T-JEALTH 2. Carelessness. Little physically. Mrs.down,

of all foundation tion. The too for position 3. Holding one like look said, "I to wouldJames attention is health. beauty A little time. a long is about best, but mean Johnmy

correct to elimination, to diet, attitude mental 4. feel wrong themoney. makes A me He assure will posture breathing and selfself-confidence of and (lack I for are myself unthings want

necessary."It causes one to wonyou of the lovely complexion, respect )

der what means most to men bright eyes, and glossy hair that 5. Misfitting garments, which

again reminded of how they usually are indispensable to beauty. continually push or pull the body

put first things first. It is a big And the simple formula of the out of its right position.

barn for his horses and a shack three 8's. 6. Bad eyesight.

for his wife, a radio for his car, or 8 glasses of water a day. 7. Footarch troubles. A flat- ( one a day—one footed person rarely walks ora new fall outfit for the lady of 8 baths a week

the house, a permanent wave and for good measure). stands properly.

a facial, or a ticket to the prize 8 hours sleep.

fights! And a bit more attention to "Footing the Beauty Bill"

daintiness, so easily acquired and

I know few men who are mean kept, will further assure you of I don't mean financially, but about money, because there are so womanly beauty and charm. with your feet. Don't let your new

many of them who resent a womYou cannot realize the true value shoes pinch your pretty face. Feet

an's saying, "I have nothing to of your womanhood unless you are are the foundation stones of the wear."They take this remark perhealthy. This, of course, does not body. If a stone of a building slips,

sonally, meaning they have failed apply to the exceptional woman the whole structure is weakened.

to provide. But just a word about who is an invalid, yet has developed A crack may appear in the top-

"financial security"for girls and her spiritual self to such a degree most ceiling. Your feet and ankles

women. In the heart of every that one is never cognizant of her talk through your posture and

member of our sex is a desire so frailness. But the chances are that walk. By the way—how do you

strong for "financial security"that you are not this exceptional womwalk? As though you were somewe will go to almost any end to an, and that ill health reacts unbody? So few women walk well,

attain it. Girls have been trained favorably on you and on everyone most of them as if something hurt

to work for it, have gone into a around you. Therefore take imthem and they are trying to hold

forman's world and fought get things together until they home. to steps it, mediate correct it—drag sacrificedthey for it, have have to side from they wobble little Or else neurosis, look it out your

even married for it, sold themselves right in the face, and realize that side as a result of walking on two for it, have died for it. It is an to every word of sympathy or aflines. A graceful walk gives the

inherent thing in every woman to fection inspired by pity you get impression of physical and mentalwant protection from cold—hunwhen you are ailing, you have ten poise and harmony. If you are a

ger, and poverty. And not least of praise and admiration when you thoroughbred, your feet and ankles

in importance is her personal pride. are healthy. tell the story.

She inherited the desire to be adSo many of our troubles are lovely.mired failure and Sitting Pretty?"The "Are You of physical. The blues—morning this feminine find pride to expresfeeling, "all shythat in"grouch, together? feet your They ARE girl sion in is a or almost woman are ness, of complexes our many far are twins should not be and as serious physical as a death bereactions. result physical of a crossed, apart. but Feet be may it is cause a part of being. her very is deadliest Fatigue enemy. charm's are legs the at knees crossed It is thing the that difher makes

ferent, individual, charming. And "Standing up to Life"neitherspine settledlovely norsnuglyhealthy.againstIs yourthe so, girls out and women, have gone

into life to earn their own, much Posture is Power back of your chair? A lovely lady

of the effort being made so that "Never was posture more imknows how to "sit,""stand,"they can keep up with the crowd portant than this fall with the new "walk,"and enter a room gracein appearance. fashions. Because the lady who fully.

holds herself proudly; pulls up Clean "Consciousness"

"Personal Security"high, grows taller than she has ever seemed to be, cuts a grand figure Cleanliness is next to Loveliness.

"Serenity, selffreedom from clean clean clean body, mind, in fashions. these brand The new A consciousness, ease of selfexpres- clothes, charm. beauty looks, hate slumps, and make one who we sion, all release of to your power all it crisp clean, things the of strikes to the Think home, use but word charm, easier to attain are much

It in the know, 'sloppy'ridiculous."woods, a brook isn't you and when ice you know that you are lookglass, it. in tissue billows of paper a the you wear how dress—it's best. ing your of Consciousness organdie hat posture'box, a in a that the new new Did you know

a bad skin, of a torn finger nail, or of women generally was much betbow, lettuce. They all appear "imstraggly hair, is devastating to your ter than that of men? Keep it up maculate."The most charming

poise. All that you do to be well girls—look up—lift up—walk up. compliment one can pay a woman

groomed, to be attractive looking, Posture's possibilities promote is to say she has that "lettuce"look.

will help you to develop your perpoise. It soon turns into a "letus"

sonality."Causes of wrong posture: look.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

The Skin Game longer plucked. They are trained. "What Color Nails"

of what Your skin is made skineat you "What Holds Your Head Up?"dress,Tastebutdiffersgood intastemostevenitemsin nailof and drink. Any woman's

may be smooth, white and alluring. TT may be pride, hope, adventure. polishes must be observed in the

Cleanliness, soap and water, But mostly it is "neck."Why land of charm. Colorless, pale

cleansing cream. The skin is call an important part of the face pink, or natural shades are always

tender and should not be roughly the neck? No reason, unless it correct, classically smart. Red

treated. Patting or light massagcould have been to give cause for shades must be used only on pering in upward, outward motion althe term "necking."Because the fect nails, and then for evening or

ways. You were born with beauneck is really a part of the face and dress wear. Business men like

tiful skin, where has it gone? Your should receive just as much attenbeautiful hands, well manicured

history is written on your face. tion and care. Beautiful necks and nails, but they wish the brilliant

Lines of expression are the years'shoulders developed and cared for shades could be used out of office compliments to you, but wrinkles are possible for girls and women. hours. Interesting it is to know

of indifference and disappointment Old, wrinkled, necks, throat age that red toe nails are dangerous if are the result of carelessness. After lines many times appear on young you swim. Fish are crazy about

thorough cleansing, an astringent women who habitually bend over them.

or mild bleach will promote firmdesks and slouch in easy chairs.

ness and beauty. But better still, Middle age should not bring ugly Elbows Feel Slighted

the oil bath mentioned in the benecks. It is carelessness, not years The speaker of the evening sat

ginning of this article. Our that ages one's neck. Exercise, oil behind ten beautiful girls who sang

is care, as protection,mothers used us babies, massage, it on all in three the chorus. He counted

it don't Nourish up? your will ask to hold your neckwhy we keep pairs of elbows. smooth, clean The

and keep lovely the skin nature head up beautifully. Chins should rest were inexcusably dark and

provided. never double on you. Without rough. Examine yours, now.

But perhaps you have the sunwarning, stealthily creeping upon Would you like him to see them?tan urge. If so, satisfy your curius, come these double chins. No

osity, but beware, winter is on its respecter of persons or age, they "Is Your Hair a Halo?"

way with attractive formal dresses, take their toll. They rob the face

shades and colors not very comof a clearcut brave chin line, Women judge a woman's looks plimentary to bronze skin. To thereby adding a matronly touch by her complexion or clothes. So

wear suntan, one must have great even to the faces of very young do men, but the latter usually rewisdom and understand how much women. Go to sleep with chin member her hair and feet. Permaburn the body can stand. Skin lifted, keep it so all day, massage nent waves are all right if well

burned too deeply will never reupward. Many famous women cared for, but a permanent withgain its normal whiteness. Bleaches sleep with a snug bandage tied out grooming, is tragic. Hair reand styles are in vain if the deliunder the chin and over head. quires care and attention. Hair

cate feminine skin has become dye is poor taste and dangerous.

leathery and dark. It is the gen- "Your Hands Tell Tales"Suitable rinses are permissible

eral opinion that men appreciate but the big story is brush, brush, white, smooth skin on women. Lovely hands to have and hold. brush. Do you know a decided

They are as frank as children. blonde who decided just recently?

"Cosmetics"They tell a naive truth at a moment Grey hair is beautiful. No matter

when you are forgetting reality. why or when, the woman who uses

Books full of advice, beauty When your husband is showing her grey hair to make her distincspecialists, drugstore ads. What you off to business friends, does tive and individual is wise. One of

can we do about it? A word of your handshake tell them you do my dearest friends on the fifty side

advice. Too much makeup doesn't your own housework? When you of fortyfive, dresses around her

make you over, it makes you redicleave your gloves at home, do you blue grey hair in grey and blue, ulous. want to put your hands back of old rose, black and white, and

Before applying any makeup, you? Keep your hands the hands burgundy. Grey hair is glorious

the face should be clean. No artist of a gentlewoman. You can, even if one makes it gloriously grey.

will paint a picture on a dirty canif you do work. Just a little time.

vas. And then one should underAvoid "hot"water and strong "Can Figures Lie?"

stand herself and study the soap. Good hand lotion or plain V"OU don't feel well in your new

simple rules of makeup. Ask camphor ice, and a pair of old cotdress. Should you diet or

yourselves these questions:

it? to yourabout dye do for protection gloves ton sun, much So from

1. is face? shape What my self, fashions, the the new new dust. at and expensive wind Not oval, thin, square, Round, fat?

is grace, Interest the charm. new all. important. are Hands One 2. I? color Blonde, am What centered so not once on more much start will of acquaintance man my brunette, medium? inches. of the reduction as pounds tell in right to the something, when 3. I? skin type have What is stretch, stretch the and newTo part, exciting of the middle most florid, Clear, yellowish, pale? est bend, method, then sway, and

4. What is my best feature? he will raise his hands, and you circle. Stretch before you go to

Eyes, nose, mouth, contour? know the rest. It has been beaubed, stretch in bed, stretch when

Let makeup make your best self. tifully said with his expressive you get out of bed. Now some

By the way, eyebrows are no hands. {Continued on page 635)

EDITORIAL to scripture the are closed heavens is full and1935—rA Summer of further revelations will to of God's on the men

earth. Heavenly visions and revelations and holyProgress

'JNUSUAL activity in Church matters has angelsJesus andceasedthe todeathfunctionof Hiswithapostles.the crucifixionIn theseof

marked the summer of 1935. It seems that matters the minds of modern men have been and

the "mustard seed"planted in these deserts has are still darkened. That is why the marvelous

taken on rapid growth. story associated with the Book of Mormon is reThe summer has seen stakes organized in New jected. Nevertheless this story is true and its

York and in Hawaii, the latter being the first to be rejection will yet rise to condemn those who do established outside of the continent of North not receive it. Such is the justice of God, for the

America. In addition, other stakes have been book itself gives a simple test by which, if applied,

organized at home and in California. anyone may know whether the book is genuine or

The erection and dedication of the monument spurious. (Book of Mormon, p. 520, verse 4.)

on the Hill Cumorah was an event of note and We said Cumorah's monument is the most received a more favorable press than the Church remarkable one in America. Why? Because it

has regularly enjoyed. commemorates the appearance of the most marseveral successful very Over in Europe M. I. A. velous English in the book language—marvelous that after patternedconventions have been held of its because associations. miraculous So far

held in Salt Lake City in June. Andrew Jenson, as we know, no claims of the miraculous are made

Assistant Church Historian, and his covered for the coming forth of any other book in the wagon were well received in Denmark. The language. These claims put the Book of Morelders of the British Mission participated in and mon in a class by itself. And what of these

won the national championships of the British claims? This can be truthfully said: they are

baseball association. either true or false. If false, the monument pubAll of these activities and many more set the lishes far and wide the childlike credulity of the

summer of 1935 apart as being unique in Church Mormon people; but if they are true, then what?

history. Participating in nearly every event was This period in human history is sometimes called

Heber J. Grant, the venerable President of the the age of science. One characteristic of the

to give to the hasChurch. been able He work spirit of rescience is that of the openmind—a attention, blessinghis personal active many and is all until fusal to pass judgment the evidence

occasions with his presence. H. R. M. in, until all the witnesses have been examined.

Cumorah Monument admissionFurther, evenof anythennewthe evidencedoors remainthat openmay befor disthe

Significant covered.for the progressOpenmindednessof modern science.is largely Butresponsiblethere is

pERHAPS the most remarkable monument in all no assertion that all scientists are openminded.

America was dedicated on Sunday, July 21, In fact, some of them are narrow and dogmatic 1935. This was on the Hill Cumorah, located in in their views, just as some Christians are disOntario county in the western part of the state honest and intolerant. It is apparent that there

of New York. It was dedicated by President is but one proper attitude for the world to take

Heber J. Grant of the Church of Jesus Christ of relative to the claims of genuineness of the BookLatterday Saints. This monument commemof Mormon—the attitude of the open mind.

orates the coming forth of the Book of Mormon The monument is perhaps one of the finest through the instrumentality of a heavenly being, publicity achievements of the Church. Like a

the Angel Moroni, and the power of God. sentinel it crowns the noble hill on which it was

The story of what the Book of Mormon is and erected and stands as an enduring challenge to all the miraculous manner of how it came forth into the world to examine the story of the Book of the English language is known, at least in outline, Mormon. It proclaims the confidence of the

by everyone who has heard the message of MorChurch in the genuineness of the Book and, in monism. This story is exceedingly strange and effect, asserts the willingness of the Church to

fascinating. It is so miraculous that this critical, stand or fall on the question of genuineness. It

unbelieving world refuses to accept it. But the will receive an increasing amount of attention with

truth or falsity of the claim is not dependent upon the passing of the years. Modest in proportions,

its popular acceptance or rejection. Men rejected its publicity will far outrank its size. It is one of

Kepler's explanation of the solar system and the newer means that the Church is developing

Columbus'claim that the earth is round. Neverof proclaiming its message. Will it not also be

theless the explanation and the claim were correct. one of the most effective? Is the Book of Mormon

Through a misunderstanding of scripture, learned not destined to be one of the most widely read men taught that it was fallacious to believe in the books of modern times? No one engaged in prorotundity of the earth. Thus the minds of men claiming the message of Mormonism should fail

were darkened to the truth. to call to his aid the help of this wonderful book. Similarly, learned men taught in Joseph Smiths—Joseph F. Merrill, in The Latterday Saints'

day and they teach in this that the canon of Millennial Star, Thursday, August 8, 1935.

Significant Items in Current News

Successor to Jane Addams gallons and had already surpassed all man on this Continent more than 4,000 other artificial lakes. It was already years ago,"

A DENA MILLER RICH, wife of 286 feet deep, deeper than Lake Erie, While these learned gentlemen ar- a Chicago broker, has been apand eightyfour miles long. gue the layman will merely look on

pointed head of the famous settlement, and wait for developments. The

the Hull House, to succeed late Jane is mightier than words in setits founderAddams, and manager arguments. for Rams Go High spadetling such

years. Mrs. Rich, it is reported, was TWELVE HUNDRED SEVthe unanimous choice of the Board 1 ENTYFIVE dollars was paid Sir Malcom Campbell

of Trustees of herand Miss Addams, sale the for a annual which ram at ram Scores Again self, before she passed away. Jane in in late Salt held City was Lake

Addams won the Nobel peace prize August, and one thousand dollars CIR MALCOLM CAMPBELL, oi in 1931. She died a few months ago. was paid for another ram. These are Great Britain, traveled 301.1292

The Last of the Victorian thefor highestrams inpricesUtah thatfor haveseveralbeenyears,paid milesBeds, perthe hourhigheston therate Bonnevilleof speed everSalt

Poets indicating that sheepmen are becomachieved by man on the earth. This

CIR WILLIAM WATSON, 77, the ingtendedmorebyoptimistic.the largestThecrowdsale wasin theatrecordSir Malcolmwas setusedon hisSeptemberfamous Bluebird3, 1935.

last of the socalled Victorian run. the doubt "Without Salt Lake history Sale, in the of National Ram

poets, passed on finest August in away Salt the has the auto Beds to 13, according Manderfield, man- J. H.

his 1935. Despite long years of dein speed course found to be anywhere of Salt ager the StockUnion Lake

votion to his art his last book of yards. the world,"he declared. This achievepoems, according to Lady Watson, ment justifies the statement of Ab Jenbrought under ten pounds.

George, one best friends, Lloyd Grand Opera Must Change kins,for stockAmericancars, thatspeedrecordthe beds areholderideal of Watson's wired, "Truly a great poet has passed general for speeding.

away."-LjpDWARDmanager ofJOHNSON,the Metropolitan

Opera Company, declares that the Alberta Tries a New Deal

Salmon Threatened byMetropolitan must make changes and '"THE province of Alberta, Canada, is

Barriers that the changes must be in one of * trying a new deal. At a recent

directions of or combination two a election leadWilliam Aberhart won built are being dams which"LTUGE both. of revision be There a must ership of the Legislature Alberta across the River Columbia costs to the opera must change and chiefly his on account "Social of thethreaten industry, northsalmon

tastes. changing meet thinks both dollars Credits 25 He a dividend month insist believe. fishermenwest They dischanges that be but plan."made may Although people deride many inthat "bytrails"constructed be

if is aster likely old follow to the plan, the his Aberhart supMr. and fish that lusciousorder travel up may rigidly standards are to not believe porters adhered institute they a can the river to the than spawn. More as a base. will relief that program bring new to fishermen this interested in should be residents that the Alberta. of Metropolitan plan Opera has The Now is asmatter the of salmon one most the is support fiftythree of frequently of over so sixtyheard out Company

fish. ofpopular our canned three radio, legislature. of the place members changes any take which

Boulder Dam May Make will be interesting to all of the people. SunLamp That Will

a Dimple America Loses All Five Not Burn scientists, to the ACCORDING Tennis is reported Matches that a TT sunlamp new"is crust of "like afloat a the earth 1 will that not cause burns has been raft defeated the a Ameron surface a of pond"BRITAIN on pREAT developed. interest the to most Ofhighly plastic stuff called -* ica 5-0 compressed Chalin the Davis Cup is ordinary fact person that these the

that savants believe lenge the at Thesemagma. in Wimbleton Round sell will globes five for new aroundgreat like great weights international range tennis mountain a matches. dollars if will little use and any more

thisor sink ocean to cause an the defeat This is sweeping most magma electricity than globe. an ordinary

therefore, to at bulge outand suffered has since 1911. some America a reads While he enjoy a man may place.other that believe the Some sunbath. like This lamp, other imthis helpBoulder to prove may Dam Americans, Are Old portant How inventions discoveries, and

artificialtheory an making by "dimhas required years research. of Anyway? itself in earth.ple"the The dam

Thirties Those Wonderful article toweighs, according in the an in America Debut Man's YKTAS to Dr. C. Harvey millionLiterary about seven Digest, A CCORDING '* or Thousand Four Twenty Only "it Lehman, University, its tons, people Ohio not enough, but with lake Archaeologists Old? Years Thousand are their at best thirties. in their whilewill billion weigh fortytwo about Differ; Conclusions Based on RemPoets, declared, he their reachtons. peak enorbefore has such an Never in Prehistoric of nants Culture Southbetween 22 35; and mathematicians in weight placed spot been onemous east."in Literary Digest Subhead between 38; 28 chemists and labors, continues. the writer between man'sby of 17, 1935. August physicists 27 and 39; this between and 30 that believeEngineers great Dr. of President Merriam, C. John 34. will earth'sweight crust the cause to the Institution of Carnegie Washingsix-tenths footsink of twelveover a a ton, been says D. have man may C, Cancel Call That mile in tosquare surface from two is here ago, there years 20,000 but

three years. yet no evidence that he was native piRST Little Boy: "I forgot to ask

By the way, the same article says here. Dr. Herbert Joseph Spinden, you to my picnic party."

Boulder Dam Lake will be the largest Curator of Ethnology of Brooklyn Second Little Boy: "Too late now.

artificial lake in existence. Late in Institute of Arts and Sciences, "re- I've prayed for a blizzard."July it contained 1,453,915,000,000 cently uttered a blast against placing—American Boy.

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

sent the United States at the Seventh

American Scientific congress in

Mexico City, Sept. 8-17. Dr. Franklin S. Harris, president of Brigham

Young University, is the honored

Utahn. He received his appointment

from Secretary of State Cordell Hull.

Tabernacle Choir Honored DISHOP DAVID A. SMITH, pres-

*-* ident of the Mormon Tabernacle

Choir, recently received a medal made from pure California gold from the officials of the World's Fair at

San Diego. "To the Mormon Tabernacle Choir with sincere appreciation,"is the inscription on the one side

of the medal.

A certificate accompanying the medal reads: "The California Pacific International Exposition is honored to award a gold medal to the

Mormon Tabernacle Choir for choral excellency."

The choir sang at the exposition from July 19 to July 27, inclusive, under the direction of Albert Southwick.

Dr. Franklin L. West Succeeds Dr. John A. Widtsoe

as Church Commissioner of Education P)R.counselorFRANKLINin theL. superintendencyWEST, second

of the General Board of the Y. M.

M. I. A. and assistant commissioner

of education, was appointed Church commissioner of education to succeed

Dr. John A. Widtsoe, whose resignation was accepted by the Church

Board of Education.

left supervisor Above, to right, back Olsen, C. J. row: Wasatch National R. Roberts, Forest; D. order in released was Widtsoe Dr.

Morris, L. in front George Nephi and Indian, Nazewytewa, of him Harry W. Middleton, a Hopi his of more devote might he Beatie, Ross of grandson Young; Governor of that H. Brigham Henry Blood, son Young, Don Carlos

Brigham Young; Joseph A. Buttle, Lawrence C. Snow, Richard H. Wooton, Harvey H. Cluff, time to other pressing Church mat-

L. Nuttall, Jr. John his new will assume Dr. West row, left to right: Bennion, Front Samuel 0. Horace H. Cummings, Joseph Ririe, Franklin S. ters. anafter 1, it was October duties Harris, Call. Epperson, Lawrence C. Benjamin T.

Below, left: Harry Nazewytewa, Hopi Indian Dancer. nounced.

Below, right: Lawrence C. Snow, grandson of Erastus Snow, one of the first men to enter the

valley; Ross Beatie, as Brigham Young (sitting), wearing the suit President Young took off just

It fits illness. Pratt, last exactly. before his as Charles R. almost Orson Pratt, Mr. Beatie who Highland Stake Becomes valley when available entered the Dr. Brown. not with Erastus John Z. was Snow and John Brown

the picture was taken. 114th in the Church

stake fourteenth hundred one rT their lHE forebears Ross Beatie, wereSons of Utah Pioneers of * September Sunday, organized was C. as Lawrence Brigham Young,

PHE Sons of the Utah Pioneers Snow as Erastus Snow, Charles Pratt 8, by dividing Granite Stake situated * held what they called their First as Orson Pratt, and John Z. Brown in the southeast section of Salt Lake

Annual Encampment at Aspen Grove as John Brown. A Twelve Year plan City.

on August 10 and 11. Elder Nephi and program culminating in a World's Hugh Brown, former president of

L. Morris, president of the organizaFair in Salt Lake City in 1947 was Granite Stake, was honorably retion, was present and in charge. An launched at the meeting. leased and Lorenzo H. Hatch was

interesting program and pageant were made president of what was left of presented on Saturday night. On the old stake. He selected as his

Sunday morning outdoor religious President F. S. Harris Goes counselors Frank L. Ostler and P.

exercises were held in the Grove. to Scientific Conclave Drew Clarke, Marvin O. Ashton

Covered wagons and pioneer coswas appointed president of the new tumes were in evidence as well as 71 UTAH Soil sceintist and eduHighland Stake and Sterling H. Neldescendants of the earliest pioneers. "cator was the only official deleson and Howard J. McKean, his

Among these, dressed in the costumes gate chosen from the West to reprecounselors.

LIGHTS AND SHADOWO Anna Karenina (M. G. M.) ship, acting and photography with

Tolstoi. novel the Soby LeoFrom

old Russia.ciety in duty is An Open Letter to Will whichcerns theit isbrutalpresented.revenge Theuponplothis rivalconWhen

forgotten and we chase happiness Rogers in love that is wrought by a mad man waits. tragedy emotions, is also thethrough surgeon. a marvelous who Dear

lavish, is film notably children, for not Certainly production but aThe you're dead, but—know We Will: that all artistry appeal literary the artistry theusing flavor the and and seen passing since we've your

are known to picture making. Adults. "Steamboat 'Round the Bend."will carry it to unusual success with

lived heart again! was that Your to like the You audience an happens Cinderella (Fox) Curley Top: A beating [or the underdog; you fantastic morbid. and upto-date, the still of story, wheretype

still foolish to get trying were girl lift herfascinations of a small K. Modernized O.): She trouble; people you (R. out young of

from a dingy orphanage to the life of were risking your property and version of the old classic in which rich resources. Family. your life for another. Your eternal men seek for the mysterious people

philwholesome and good humor that the flame secret of the have (Universal): An Jim Diamond

life a us laugh osophy made of filming, bit whoconfers roisimmortality. of thatepic period The when glitter, tears although through our we knew

its settings, with spectacular a its huge played crudenessterousness and time that at the wiry your body big part in New York. Robust drama and wrinkled face had been smashbizarre theme pictured against its

of the "nineties."Transportation deed against an icebank in far grotesque imaginings and its occavelopments, Wall Street panics, roAlaska. sional great beauty, makes one of the

mantic episodes and a fine flavor of We have recently read your comstriking pictures of the year. Very

to Charles friend, your cast. well people. Adults to the entertainmunications contribute times young andthe

artist, Russell, adthe cowboy M. values.: Family.ment Social (Para.) Accent on Youth to in that fair dressed land to him

Love Me Forever (Columbia): which all good cowboys go. We life about the stage. Very modern,

A young singer wings her way to can picture Charlie and your Dad, worldly wise, brilliant love story. A

fame. The first reaction is, naturally, when they heard of the Alaskan story that is sophisticated yet clean.

crash, the River waiting Big by interest to children. Adults. Not of comparison Night of witha "One

to 'round the steamboat come is for since the "formula"Love,"same of (CoAwakening Jim Burke into the bearing safely you bend used in this second production of Miss the harbor after a race well run. lumbia): A frank appeal to the pubMoore's. So, although one does not And then we can picture you and lic that likes its sentiments wholereceive that first mingling of astonthem, and all of the "rannies"who some. The story of how the single

gathering before, around gone is have freshness, this pictureishment with track to father of a is opened mind hear to some somewhere campfire with effervescent, so brimmingso the delicate influences through more have big race the story your you of songs, with nonsense,lovely with his the genius son. of Family. just completed.

it that with drama, humor andgood: there, but over You've gone Strong Seas (M. G. China M.)

carries in the same way. The tenor you'll live forever here in the yarddrama. Piracy, typhoons, cowardice

us. heris as great as to glistening a left Miss joy age Moore film of gentility courage, and crude and

screen, will a across walk You manyself. Family. loyalties, all in highlight. vigorous A joke, bind up voice a homely many (BritishGau- bit For Song of You pason board a drama human My heart. case In your a broken many

: in musical romance gaymont) freighter sailing senger the China A with interred not the was "good

foreign lands. Family. your bones."Seas.

boat Will. our Goodbye, When (British and Never Escape Me Dressed (Fox) to Thrill A sails those for weighs anchor and

: Released Production)Dominions after of the romance done: in we'll shores, War satisfied unseen be of It is story the United Artists.by the manner. French where have have hadif Adults. a few, you we

fight for the little gamin's unmoralan that millions, to the good sorry be of life the love and for of her baby soon. for Escapade (M. G. M.): From the ship sailed so made You

her worthless musicmad husband. yourself a great opportunity to German script, "Maskerade,"by

Mature for children. Adults and serve and responded with a mighty Walter Reisch. Highly entertaining

will not service the world which inof Viennese romantic comedy people. young Hand, forget. Goodbye, Top trigue. is particularly music The a Wife Takes Farmer The with comfort be you and soon—peace lovely, staging the elaborate and the: Semihistorical romance, (Fox) with family. your clever. dialogue the to threaten railroads began Sincerely,when

established order of the Erie Canal. The Editors of Ginger (Fox): A wholesome pic-

A picture quite out of the ordinary Lights and Shadows ture of tears and laughter and a plea run, portraying with picturesque on the Screen. for understanding of the child heart.

vividness and excellent drama ( as well Family.

vulgarities"certain "robust as with: The time) that In Old Kentucky (Fox) appropriate to the quite

has let several producer of kinds: AlDante's Inferno (Fox) transborn the newly period when

talents in several free actors have of great the carrying the though name transformrailroads continental were rein. result is excellent enThe is classic, picture old the a very the Family. country. ing

tertainment, ruthless young melodrama. modern A Peter of Grimm (R. K. Return

or great success adventurer makes a matic, clean—realcolorful,folks.picturesque,Family.draof of stories lovable most: The O.)

interrelations between the dead and a show concession in which the horJalna (R. K. O.): The everin-

those they love. The elements that rors of the Inferno are shown with teresting theme of a family living too

have made the play enduring and unidramatic realism to stir their audiences close together and rubbing each other versally popular, namely its grip on to high nervous tension. Not for the in wrong and unexpected ways.

the imagination and its unity of strucnervous, either adult or child. The story is well knit, and the settings

ture, are sensitively interpreted by Mad Love (M. G. M.): One of of woodland and garden very lovely.

director and cast. Mature for chilthe most gruesome of the horror picNot of interest to children. Adults

dren. Adults and young people. tures because of the skill in directorand young people.

MUSIC J. Spencer Cornwall

New Director of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir

TOpower"the worksomeand sageyou shallhas havesaid. the}. whichmusic festivalsculminatedat Junein twoConferencemammothin toladstheof schoolthe homeand intheremusicaldirectedactivity.the

Spencer Cornwall for many years has the Salt Lake Tabernacle. Nobel "There,"said he, "I learned most

been doing the work and now that he Cain, a nationally known director, about human nature and discovered has been selected as director of the was guest conductor upon these two the art of helping boys and girls to great Tabernacle Choir, unto him sing."

will be given the power to carry the That he learned the art well is ingreat organization forward to new dicated by the fact that for two sucheights. cessive years he has held two grand

For years this quiet young man music festivals in the Great Mormon has been known as one of the choicest Tabernacle in which between four leaders among the musicians of Salt and five thousand selected voices

Lake City and, therefore, it was no from the public schools of Salt Lake surprise when those who had the City have participated. These festichoosing of a new director of the vals have been highwater marks in

choir should think immediately of him. the singing of children of public school

Undoubtedly others were considered, age. The tune and tone as well

as there are some unusually wellas the harmony of the great concourse trained musicians in the Church, but of youthful singers thrilled all who the choice fell upon him. were in the great tabernacle and all

J. Spencer Cornwall, a son of who heard them over the radio.

Patriarch Joseph A. and Mary Ellen Director Cornwall takes up his

Spencer Cornwall, was born in Mill labors in humility. "If work will do

Creek, February 23, 1888. He had it, I'll do it,"said he with that elfin

his early schooling in the Salt Lake smile of his playing around his lean

County schools and later studied at lips and cheeks.

the Latterday Saints University. He The Great Choir was programmed

taught one year in the Granite diswell ahead when Director Cornwall trict after which he became supertook up the baton late in August.

viser of music in the schools of San There was no period of preparation.

Luis, Colorado. After one year in Almost at once he had to direct a

Colorado he entered the University rehearsal and the following Sunday of Utah and later Northwestern Unihe led the group in its first appearance versity. At one time he was bent DIRECTOR J. SPENCER CORNWALL under his baton over the national

upon becoming a physician and surPhoto Wilcox Studi*. network.

finallygeon, Beloved but that knows by everybody abandoned who highly the work occasions and praised well, in will to Directorcareer him Cornwall for himself have make a name Mrs. and Cornwall Director of little difficulty his field choir in holdingthe of music.

Beesley. the will love members. him as They acted as supervisor of music He Although these two great festischools the public children of haveof District for Granite the sixteen

spectacles important vals and were a Singers, the him; as loved Swanee afteryears posihe accepted which a

as thrilled that those saw who for and, sevchorus organized well maletion as of supervisor Salt the Lake thing important the as heard, most eral him. led years, him, loved by for schools,City held has he which

that they connected with them was in is to best there the Dedicatedsix years.

all in activity musical stimulated will great of music, to the able he hold be his as supercareer During music the stakes of the Church wards and its flights at choir lofty to whethervisor in the Salt District Granite and still is for influence their good and air.. or the General over home With director of the City has he beenLake

felt. festivals have being Music at entire the hand, Conference Churchcivic six for years. opera During stake in practically every flourished will opportunity the membership have lightthat six time he produced been the of singing has order and in to the see action. director newoperas Soldier, Chocolate The—high. Professor an has A. C. made Lund Jinks, Hood,Robin High Moon, New

for also one Director has Cornwall his enviable record did predecessor as King, Student the andVagabond

Prince. season been director of the Salt Lake Evan Stephens. J. Spencer Cornwall

Since 1929 Director Cornwall has Oratorio Society, a position which he is a worthy musician to follow in the these despite filled ably But and well. footsteps directors. great of those of thebeen a member Young Men's

his publicized events and assistant leader at the has not sucThe General Improvement Board muchMutual cessful Director them, connection with this writing, of time appointed. been for of director that organand music

tell the that will likely Cornwall youization. this Director the In married Cornwall throughout work Mary

inactivity best his which gave him in assisted 1913 the union Haigh and has from heChurch Evanbeen by sight into nature which and humangeline have Beesley, representing come Thomas seven children—Marian, that conhis heart most was Bonnie, Joseph, Imthrilled Margaret, Allen, Mutualthe Young Women's

provement General Board. During nected with his supervision of music Shirley, and Carrol. His brothers

his incumbency, assisted by Mrs. in the Lund School for boys. Twice and sisters are Claude, Ralph, Melvin,

Beesley, he has set in motion forces a week for nine years he went out Douglas, and Mrs. West Hammond.

PRIESTHOOD

September 5, 1935 the quorums or segments of quorums privilege has been granted. It is reTo Presidents of Stakes, Bishops in the wards, and (d) helpful sugquested that the Fast Meeting be not

of Wards, and Presidents of gestions for the benefit of the Priestheld at such time that the full periods

Melchizedek Priesthood Quorums. hood quorums. Successful work cancannot be given to the Gospel Docnot be accomplished in any of these trine Class and the Weekly Quorum

Dear Brethren: departments unless the brethren are Activity Meeting. In some wards this

TT has come to our attention that in studiously following these outlines Activity Meeting has been dispensed * some of the stakes and wards and and the instructions in The Bulletin. with on the Fast Day in order that

quorums of the Church there has been 3. The present arrangement in the the Fast Meeting may be held at 1 1:00

failure to carry out in full the program Sunday School provides for a period o'clock. This plan is not approved

and instructions which have been of 45 minutes for the Gospel Doctrine and is unnecessary.

given by the General Authorities of Class, or from 10:40 to 11:25. This 6. The Missionary Training Class

the Church for the guidance and detime is not to be infringed upon in in some of the stakes and wards is velopment of the brethren holding the any way by other duties or activities. not organized. Near the close of the

Priesthood. 4. The weekly quorum or group year 1 934, the First Presidency issued

Whenever instructions and counsel Activity Meeting is to be held each the following instruction:

are sent out from the presiding counSunday immediately following the "That a definite time be fixed for cils of the Church it is the duty of Gospel Doctrine period, and is to the ordaining of Priests to the office all brethren concerned to do their best occupy thirty minutes, or from 1 1: 25 of Elder in the Melchizedek Priestto carry out such instructions and to 1 1:55. This meeting should not be hood, and that this age be 19, thus

counsel to the fullest extent. It is iminterfered with in any way. If, after affording Elders the privilege of two

possible for the brethren of the First the assignments and reports are made years of training and experience bePresidency and the councils of the and all matters attended to which perfore they become eligible for ordinaApostles and Seventy to visit each tain to this Activity Meeting, there tion to the office of Seventy.

ward and quorum and give instrucshould be remaining time, suggestive "A twoyear course is provided in tion by personal visits. It is necestopics have been prepared to be premissionary-training for Elders and

sary, therefore, that instructions issented in that remaining time of the young women of 19 and 20 years of suing from the General Authorities be activity period. age who are prospective missionaries.

placed in the hands of the presiding 5. On the Fast Day provision has Under this arrangement worthy

officers in the stakes, wards and quobeen made by the elimination of a young men may be ordained Elders at rums, with the request that they, as portion of the Sunday School exer19 years of age, and after completing presiding officers, teach and direct all cises so that the Fast Meeting may be this twoyear course, or during the matters pertaining to the functions and held immediately following the Suntime if necessary, they may be called activities of the Priesthood. day school in the wards where this on missions and be ordained Seventies

We feel it our duty at this time again to call attention in detail to some of the problems which confront us, that you the request to renewand Ward Teacher's Message for November in hand, mattersbrethren take these and see if we can more nearly conReligious Education educated person does neither. He

form to the requirements and suggeslearns all he can of science and philof guardians our children; are previously cir- "\A/Etions have been which retains his foundation of but osophy

are education *"their training are vital andculated which and published, truth. religious

care, do to our committed and if weto the welfare of the quorums of the

President Young reasoned this which ourselves a course pursue notPriesthood.

I sit read and "Shall down way: of influence the will save from them officer should presiding 1. Every and Bible, of the the Mormon Book in the evil, are weighed when we "Priesthood of the copy Manahave all the Covenants the Doctrine and wanting, shall found be balance we of for theual,'Quorums Handbook A if please, one. "Yes, you time?"says doors."laid will at our sin the be and Priesthood."the Melchizedek be done you have and you may when Young. Brigham—President for prepared has been This Manual all. It after sectarian a nothing but learning and for search the In all holdbrethren the of guidancethe is to everyto study know duty your people of young our knowledge many especially Priesthood, and theing in earth the face of thing the upon in unbalanced are becoming today presiding to called arefor those who books."those to reading addition pursuing their are education. They inforIt detailed containspositions. sermon, in the same declared he But of philosophies the men and wisdom probto the relation in manymation receive imnot children "If do your in entirely or either ignoring, and the quorums and concernlems which virtue, tenderpiety, true pressions of of part, teachings God. Unthe large hold brethren activities the of whothe the principle holy ness every and of science of teachers fortunately some can quorum Priesthood.the No their that assured be Gospel you may to feel that promote philosophy and caregiving function withoutproperly the parents."sins will of required be to try must their teachings they own the to matattentionful constant and

falls far short education Onesided religion. discredit contains. thisters pamphlet which

2. Every man holding the PriestMany who ridicule those who deof our ideals.

hood should have in his possession vote themselves almost entirely to Those who are devoting themselves the complete issues of The Quorum religion as "religious fanatics"have to the teachings and learning of men

Bulletin. This Bulletin is issued quarthemselves become "scientific fanand ignoring religion and its place in

terly and contains (a) the lessons for atics."The one concentrates upon true education are departing from the

the Gospel Doctrine Classes in the religion and ignores the many valuteachings of the Church and its leaders

Sunday School, (b) the lessons for able truths of science. The other deand are in danger of losing the mostthe Monthly Quorum Meeting of the votes himself to science and philosprecious part of education—education

Priesthood Quorum, (c) the outline ophy and ignores the glorious soulin the truths of religion and eternal for the weekly Activity Meeting of saving truths of religion. The truly life.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

before departing for their mission that need attention which we have four committees. These committees

fields."not mentioned, but which may be are: Personal Welfare, Class InstrucIt is the intention that all young found outlined in the Bulletin and tion, Church Service, and Miscellanmen, as far as possible, shall receive Manual, and help us to make our eous and Social. Each committee

this twoyear course of training beMelchizedek Priesthood Quorums all should consist of several members.

fore they are called to any mission that we can expect. The Lord has There should be members in each

field. After completing this course laid the burden upon us with the adward if the quorum covers the entire

they are eligible to ordination as Sevmonition that every man holding the stake or more than one ward. The

enties. If this course is not given so Priesthood should "learn his duty, and duties of these committees and the

that the young men may receive this to act in the office in which he is apmanner of procedure are stated in training, then they may have to go pointed in all diligence. He that is detail in the Priesthood Manual,

out in the field as Elders rather than slothful shall not be worthy to stand, pages 4550. Further instruction has

as Seventies. It is imperative, thereand he that learns not his duty and been published from time to time in

fore, that this class be organized so shows himself not approved shall not the Quorum Bulletin and in The Imthat the young men 19 and 20 years be counted worthy to stand."provement Era. In many of the quoof age, and sisters of corresponding The responsibility of the Priesthood rums, wards and stakes of the Church,

ages, may have this instruction. It is a most solemn and sacred thing. very efficient work is being performed.

is hoped that each ward or stake Let us carry our duties in an acceptMen who have been wayward, inwhere this class is not functioning will able manner before our brethren and different and at times given to grievous see that the matter is attended to at before the Lord. sin, have been reclaimed through the

once. Very sincerely yours, activities of their brethren who are

The question has been asked: Is Rudger Clawson, serving their fellow men as the Lord

it proper for the Weekly Activity In behalf of the Counwould have them serve.

Meeting to be opened and closed by cil of the Twelve. The following quotation from a

prayer?"We feel that it is well to letter received by one of the Aposhave prayer in this manner, thus lend- "THE question is constantly being tles from a Bishop of a ward in Salt

ing a spirit of solemnity to the occa- * asked of the presiding brethren: Lake City, reveals what can be done

sion. While this meeting is held "What can we do in our quorums to where the effort is made in faith and

within the Sunday School period yet reach the wayward and indifferent love to reclaim the wayward.

it is a separate and distinct meeting men who hold the Priesthood and are "About one year and a half ago in itself. enrolled as members?"we organized in our ward an adult

Now, brethren, will you take all In each quorum of Priesthood there Aaronic Priesthood Class, and after these matters in hand, and any others should be organized and functioning much labor were able to interest some 30 men ranging in age from 25 to 65 years. Some fell by the wayside,

others came occasionally, but in the night 16 main every came Monday the regular time at 7:30, we held i-k f* /* meeting. To Brother Howour

ard, our teacher, is due most of the credit for holding these meetings.

Some two months ago we were very happy to present to the Stake authorities ten men for ordination to the office of Elder. These men had been

advanced from Teacher to Priest.

"Before attending the class one man had attempted suicide.... He

is now one of our most active Elders.

Another man was very bitter against the Church for some 25 years. We

have now won him over. Nearly

every one of these men was a heavy smoker or a drinker. All have stopped their bad habits and are now efficient block teachers."

If such excellent results can be accomplished by diligent and faithful effort in one ward, then the same can be accomplished in another ward, or in a quorum of the Priesthood, or in

S. ALLEN JOHN SONS AND a stake. Liahona, R., Charles Ashael, Russel Hoops, Ben John Loren, Gove Left to right: Joseph Seymore, Hyrum

Rich, John Seymore. Brethren, let us take courage, and

through faith and prayer diligently

A Challenge to the Church rodePropheta muleJoseph80 Smithmiles andto hearwas imthe haveserve thefaithLordandandtheourlovefellows.of soulsIf weat

heart, mighty and can do a work the we of baptized. mediately Three

servto repentance to active and is in bring missions and oneUPfromfromJohnArizonaS. Allencomeswhoa challengehas an boys have filled

entire basketball team in his own Samoa now. They are outstanding ice many who are now on the brink of

family, with extras as well. He deathletes and have received recognidestruction. Let us take up a systematic, intelligent his in labor with humble and sons, his that and heclares tion

brethren, in Arizona both in football and these change and other wayward defeat man any canopinion, basketball. lives their indifference and wayward game in a in the Church sonsand his

of basketball. Will any father and his sons in the to lives of useful service.

The great grandfather of these boys Church accept this challenge? The Lord has said:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

"And if it so be that you should and may be planned to include many people for our program and making labor all your days in crying reother items, but in no event should them feel that it was for their benefit.

pentance unto this people, and bring, this be confused with, operated with In the actual inauguration of the save it be one soul unto me, how great or should it supplant in any way distributing of assessments it was shall be your joy with him in the tithing, fast offering, or relief work. deemed advisable to have a large efkingdom of my Father. fective committee which would can-

"And now, if your joy will be great The Long Beach Method vass the entire Ward in a very short with one soul that you have brought Considerable thought was given to period, thus avoiding any long drawnunto me into the kingdom of my the matter of the budget by way of out campaign. The first step in this

Father, how great will be your joy preliminary plans and committee meetwas to call the committee together if you should bring many souls unto paid see that each one and of them ings. all, First of necessary it was l"his subscription therefore, could,me and to devise of approach and means ways

to our problem, as well as establish go into the homes with a clear conscience. required. small amounts committeeOn the Budget Standard A Assessments for each family were regular at organized and met was

By Bishop R. B. Hodgson, Long intervals over a period of months, set up by the Bishopric and the PresBeach Ward, Los Angeles Stake during which time the requirements ident of the Relief Society, with absolutely to as one else advised no established. This were of the Ward late regardsaid of has been \ family's assessment was. any what AUCH recreational included our program, L silver ratios standards, * ing gold delivered assessments to These were necesMaintenance, and the Ward and balancing of the budget—Federal, sary funds for each organization and the families by the committee in sealed

State, and County. Important as group for supplies, such as books, picenvelopes, each committee member

these are, they do not have the sigtures, etc., for their needs for one also having had a supply of blank

nificance and importance to us inyear, but did not include dues or envelopes in one of which each family dividually as does the establishment Church magazines, it being deemed was instructed to place its remittance.

of a successful home and Church inadvisable to have the Ward as a These envelopes were then returned budget. whole pay for the dues of any parto the Bishopric, and not a soul knew

For many years the Church authorticular individual or group which what the other individual's payment ities have recommended that the should be taken care of by such inwas. We found that this created a

various Wards and Stakes operate dividual or group. very fine impression upon the minds

families of the people and numerous plan, yet as budget but a on comto thought wise use someIt was previously been responded had who paratively attempted such have few thing other the than "budget."word various for to reabudgets opposed that procedure, of those have and Therefore, the was word B-R-A-M-P sons. attempt, such been have some made for this coined purpose, meaning to permitted people were The make failed. successful others have and Recreational "Bonded and Maintetheir in installments and payments fact that been have mere some The curiosity nance Program."cam- A of to cards issued were each member is successful that evidence with proper paign a hanging conducted by was twelve, family the of over each age all coordination be and work may letter large at conspicuous point a B their to particular corresponding payin successful program. a such

within the having very a and Church for being ment, one onecard good first of thought might be one At brief talk letter might a such on what third year, of colored a another card is that the opinion purely a budget letter additional mean. an Each week for period, of twothirds or a second raising for the finances. of This, of until entire the hung was was word year, a another colored card and good consideration, course, given be must talk completed, given, the withand for the entire year. is the objective real part of only but a divulging out the of actual meaning It after necessary, course, of was It such has program. a been behind its the the purpose. and word At first call the follow committee to up that operating found on a by Ward finally meeting the where was name certain cases not prepared were who plan, finances the the of budget worry divulged, advice, previous upon we notice short their to on payment. make is recreeliminated from completely largest finest our of had one and M. of type followup committee The that ational they events be can and I. this gatherings. conjoint During A. selected the largely depends very on for for the purpose which conducted curiosity immediately campaign and first call. results obtained the upon really are rather intended, than they its conclusion, the people upon began In the so case response our was own It is interraising for the funds. of paraphrasing the "Bramp,"word the favorable the of that majority to that note, esting a however, on such as minute, ready any "Be followup has done from been work for cost capita the plan per budget all please,"parresponding, "By may pulpit the of the or members by is recreational event reduced any ticipate,"al- "Bishop's remarks and first Bishopric, after the acmonth's threefourths of onefourth to from this resolved of pay."All ways mean tivity. requirements. former the itself into the one for particular assessments each The thing—preparing financial relief addition In to from

family purposely very were made is to budget worry, a program bound resmall family that so could each recreational increase at attendance spond, the burden thus making on experience events our it has been and light. each particular one very The

that responded have some who have results in our case have proved beat before in attendance never been that small assessments yond doubt such occasions. distributed over a large number of

Over and above even the two prepeople bring very much more satisviously mentioned items is the fact factory results than making a large that the budget has a wholesome assessment to a smaller number of effect on the minds of the people, families.

tending toward improving both their The results thus far obtained have financial and spiritual status. been very gratifying both to the memIn addition to establishing and raisbers of the Ward and those who have

ing funds for recreational purposes, a been instrumental in fostering this budget should at least include a sufmovement. There has been no fificient sum for Ward Maintenance, nancial woiry in the Ward since the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

inauguration of this plan, thus perof any nature whatsoever. In spite and the importance of Aaronic Priestmitting all of our people to give more of the fact that we raised quite a hood work.

thought to the matter of standards large sum for our program and con- 4. We must set the pace through

and quality in our work. Our people trary to the opinion of some that our our actions, if we expect to inspire

have been taught to live within the tithes would be reduced by this plan, and gather in the confidence of the budget and have responded remarkwe received a larger payment of youth of the Church. Meet every

ably well. tithes during the year than at any preobligation we owe them. Have them

The program has been sufficiently vious time in the Ward's history. A believe in us by doing everything we

diversified that recreational events survey indicated, also, that there were promise to do. Have them feel free

have been given for all age groups, no more people working, so this must to confide in us. Respect their conrather than concentrated upon either be attributed to a finer feeling of cofidence. They should feel that their

the young or the old or on one type operation and support that developed supervisor is a man of high ideals.

of entertainment. This has been done during the year. Put these ideals over to them by living

because people expect returns on their All who have worked in this prothe same.money, and many of those who paid gram during the past few months are 5. We must be companionable.

into this fund are those who ordithoroughly satisfied with the results Have love for the boy and for boy's narily do not participate in social accomplished and are energetic about work. Be a pal, a big brother. Playfunctions. its continuance. The greatest secret—hike and pray with the boys.

There has been a marked improveof the success of this program was Through our close associations with ment in spirituality in the Ward as proper planning in advance of all deboys we should obtain their view- a whole and especially in the lives of tails and, of course, the very fine repoint, then through wise guidance certain members. We feel that this sponse given by the members of the direct their course.

is due, at least in part, to this proWard. 6. We must be humble, sincere and

gram. We find now that entire famprayerful and have the true missionspirit.ilies ary to our recreational our leadership out Through come Aaronic Priesthood Training

create mustevents, within the the cost, where reduced we a desire due to boy previously but few, if any, were able Suggestions to Aaronic Priestto do the things asked of him. We

to participate with us. hood Quorum Supervisors should know how to place responsiAnother important thing we feel is of Palmyra Stake bility and make members feel that

that, in order to consummate this plan we naturally expect them to fill the successfully, it was necessary to make Prepared by H. Eugene Hughes, assignments, and by the filling of same

a thorough canvass of the Ward. We, Stake Chairman they have an opportunity to develop.

therefore, checked all lists of mem- 1. There is no more important 7. We should not only see the boy

bers, such as Sunday school rolls, work now before us in the Church as a member of a deacon's quorum,

Relief Society visiting lists, and Ward than that of directing and supervising but rather as a young man beginning teaching lists. At the conclusion of the energies of the boys of today who a system of training that will prepare

our preliminary paper work we found are to be our future leaders. him as he advances in the priesthood,

list ofthat complete a more had for we Missionary Service, other Church is 2. It that then, necessary very atfamilies than addresses any and life. Service for and in interest every personal take a we is It history. inprevious time our 8. therefore should a have We the Understand of quorum. member thisquite true that could be done in everything purpose do. we We"to ourselves meet each Prepare boy. a butexclusive budget of the such should plan our able to be and work talk their ground and them on own incentive the necessaryprogram was it carry just through, not through go in to they understand can a them way fineto of piece work. the motions, able to but be accomappreciate. and

this for donations received Wethis plish the objectives of the Aaroniccause from people who had never 3. We should know the program program.

hispertaining to the of the insidepreviously Church the Church, been supervisor to is open 9. A good

responsibilities, duties the tory, the any contributionsnor had they made suggestions, he respect will solicit and suggestions from quorum members.

Recognize quorum officers, call them in for consultation pertaining to quorum activities and obtain the boys'viewpoint of the work and how it should be done.

10. A good supervisor is spiritualminded and instills faith in the quorum

members by using every possible means of developing faith.

11. Supervisors should always be

on the job prepared with the lesson material and a few extra surprises.

They should acquaint themselves with the Church program of the auxiliary organizations aiding Aaronic age training and follow his group through the Priesthood, Sunday School, and the Y. M. M. I. A. and see that the

group receives the training outlined by the Church.

1 2. Supervisors should be thorough

converts of the Aaronic Correlation plan of the Church and do their part in helping it accomplish the purpose

VANGUARD TROOP 111, TYHF.E, POCATELLO STAKE, EASTERN IDAHO AREA COUNCIL for which it was instituted.

MUTUAI MESSAGES General Superintendence General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

Y. M. M. I.FOX,A. ALBERT E. BOWENI. A. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM.

CANNON, Q. GRANT MORRIS GEORGE

A. BEESLEY, CLARISSA FRANKLIN WEST General33 BISHOP'SOffices Y.BUILDINGW. M. I. A. ELSIELUCY A. VAN NOY, HOGAN KIRKHAM,L. OSCAR

Executive Secretary SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Secretary

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

T ET*S be happy in M. I. A. this be used for teaching the dance to the

year! The entire program—de- I. A. entirework isassociation.given on this Noeveningdepartmentbut all activNotice to M. department manuals,partment

ities, the general recreational features, Reporters (except, generally, the Scouts and are programs Girls BeeHive whose are plannedfestive occasions—all to our decided empty have

filled join activity) in these with officers may uplift of our happinessthe and for WE file to and Mutual Messages features. entertaining educational and informaInteresting members.and as start all over. that That means

tion will be obtained in a variety of fast as things of interest to our M.

worthwhile subjects; inspiration for a I. A. membership occur they should Opening Exercises

bigger, fuller life will be received; be reported to The Improvement

friendships, enduring and beautiful, Era. Reporters, however, should 'T'WENTY minutes are allowed for

in things mind: a few exercises brief this bear or pro- * the opening Let'swill forward go made. be communications 1. Address the department preceding work. anxiety, to gram strain andyear, under not ImproveMessages, Mutual The

interest will of as full hearts These be made ears and eyes andbut with St., Salt Era, 50 North Main ment

open to our glorious opportunities. Lake City, Utah. and benefit as possible. Community

Let's do things well but easily. Our 2. There are more than a thouActivity Committees have here an

responsibilities are great but let's sand wards and more than a hunopportunity to function by bringing should notes therefore stakes, brief scenes numbers, chorus forward and find dred courageouslyshoulder them brief. carefully and prepared be the the from plays on drama which them.joy in meeting

details. in only important Send the demonstration are working,

are 3. well more groups prepared Notes learned. being Other the of dance of StudyCourses those likely in to get thrown than

interspersed. also be numbers may haphazardly. together reaches this magazine time the not to exexercised should be Care 4. of paper only. one side Use socials will opening yourB Yyou, all possible. limit; typewriter Use departments time ceed the when have Use

been given in all wards. Your deink or soft pencil, never a hard penshould repair to class rooms at 7:50

partments will have been organized cil. o'clock.

and the first discussions held in both 5. Think of the readers when

the study and cultural courses outlined writing the notes. Detailed profor the first half of the season. In grams are not of interest to the Sunday Evening Joint

readers. anysend general Never it is adfound perhaps, Programs wards,a few the please in to merely home

departfor the necessary orvisable will that that material thingfolks—use the Executive Guide, page 23, TN these of both to conduct leaderment of interest our majority to of a be for suggestions * appear a number of it is associations incourses but most to readers wish 150,000 know who

possible to secure associate leaders what others are doing. the promotion and conduct of these

for the cultural studies and activities, 6. Send clear, glossy, black and important M. I. A. meetings. No

this pictures, colored photodefinite for outlined never white are programs bringing responsibility, dividingthus of graphs. the name Have the but the year recommendations from generand, action into workersmore of the phothe caption sender and all origiwill to given able be wards results. Departbetterally, insuring Pictures used the back. tograph on offerings present excellent nate and leaders associate leadersment and in returned cannot and layouts be

interest attract the will which and the for together harmoniously fewer use layouts use orwork must we upbuilding of the group. At the union pictures. Many interiors are dim ward membership. Let us make these

or leadership training meetings, it is or blurred and make poor cuts. Reprograms one of the high lights of the

half loses about year's success. a picture member, possible that whererecommended

it If it cut. is into a made these whenseparate sections held for be

it will picture half begins only a various leaders. be a total loss in a cut. November Joint Meeting

to of the presidency member The for eager are from notes We the JN the Executive Guide, page 24, it the responsigiven has been field, in,whom but so send them do not bility of the department work, will become too disappointed if they do is suggested that the November supervise all three courses found in not appear. We shall do our best Sunday Evening Joint meeting be

the manual for each department. to use everything, but there are given to the BeeHive Department. It

physical barriers beyond which we is recommended that on this evening

Dancing, Drama and Music may not go. the BeeHive Department present the

COMMUNITY Activity Commitprogramthe Sundaygiveneveningin theofTabernacleJune Conferon tees who are awake to their opone of the choruses should be orence. Some adaptations, of course,

portunities and eager for the fine ganized immediately, one of the onemay have to be made to meet ward things provided in their field are alact plays should be under rehearsal conditions. Copies of the presentaready organizing groups in music, in and one or both of the dances should tion, "The Spirit of the Hive,"may

drama and in dancing. October 29 be in progress. Then on this first be secured at the Y. W. M. I. A.

is our first big evening on the M. I. A. open night a delightful program may Office. (Price 10c.)

Calendar and preparation for this ocbe presented of music, drama and casion should be under way at once. dancing. The latter may be demonProgram

In every ward either the operetta or strated or a part of the evening may The BeeHive Call Trumpeter

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

Answer and March of the BeeHive Girls from the rear of the hall.

Fanfare and Flag Ceremony BeeHive Girls and Boy Scouts Congregational Song—-"America"

Prayer Greeting....Ward Y. W. M. I. A. President

Purpose, Plan and Development of the

BeeHive Girls Anniversary Greeting and Tribute Boy Scouts Good Night Song BeeHive Girls Note: To aid in filling Cells, Bee Lines,

and Honor Badges, we are happy to recommend the book "Hand Craft For Every

Woman,"by Glenn Johnson Beeley, sold by the Relief Society General Board, price $1.50. Honor Badge No. 91 may be earned

by the study and report of this book.

Netherlands Eighth

MissionWide Mutual TT is with great pleasure that we report the completion of what we might term our most successful Annual June M. I. A. Conference.

Holland fell right in line with the Church plan, of abolishing contest work, and substituting the mass participation plan, which has been through its first trying year, emerging successfuly on top.

Activity courses were offered in Dramatics, Music Appreciation, Retold Story, and

Speech. There were one hundred and sixtynine people,

Gold and Green Ball Queen and her

Attendants, Jacksonville, Branch,

Southern States Mission, 1935.

M MenGleaner Girl Banquet, Jacksonville Branch, Southern States

Mission. 3. M MenGleaner Girl Banquet Held in

Millard Stake.

4. Winners of Awards in Netherlands

Mission. 5. Fathers'and Sons'Outing, Vernal,

Utah.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

who were successful in winning their having it announced over the radio, dered by people sixty and over. Ice

awards. Honor evenings were held and by means of two window discold melons were then served by the

in most of the branches, and many of plays in Rotterdam. They both help- M. I. A. Stake Board.

the successful candidates were called ed to increase our attendance, and The day was a huge success and to take part in the Conference. served as a good means of letting the as one of our M. I. A. projects we

Special features of the Conference people know that the Church is still are happy to report it.

it thriving. alive suctowhich tended orand a huge BeeHive make The BeeHive Stake Our Swarm Daycess, fine ganization the exceptionally accomplishments were and their

the ever. best biggest and stories,speeches, for was retold musical a subject formed and good and idea

numbers, which were rendered. Our the window displays. Fathers and Sons'outing as a stake

will project be held August 31, Sepof that increasedattendance over a followup to the climax meetAs 1st 2nd. tember to It promises andlast interest year, a greater showing ing of the evening, there Sunday was

event. be a realin the attendance our largest work, social a fine held, large evening with a

at one meeting being four hundred and group of people present. Two of the Our wards have nearly all held

fiftyfour souls. There was a total plays which had constituted a part of their Mothers and Daughters'Day

attendance of two thousand and the drama course were presented in two are being held this Friday.

thirtyseven people, in the seven meetfine style, being enjoyed by all.

ings that were held, with practically every branch in the mission being repAdults resented. Can you imagine hearing Boise Stake

Mothers'Rights eightyfive in choir Saints of Hol-a of the people hundred two /\VER choirsland? of combined The Am- a Mother By Stake, of "Boise over sixty yearssterdam, the Hague, Rotterdam, and

age, entertained lovely were a by 1. eightyfive persons, right and tonumbered a has be Every Mother

in the L. Tabernacle D. S. inprogramthey furnished very us unitedly with some to mother, a with good work

tenthirty, at 17th, Saturday, Augustspiring for numbers. perhaps family This her the happiand was good

after dinner served a hot which was all. visible general, of phases ness theone most of

of our past season's work that was at the park. Fine linen, silver, and 2. Every Mother has a right to atshown. bowls of beautiful flowers only added tend to the business of home making

An attempt was made to create a to the good food. From two until in a prompt, efficient, cheerful manner.

little interest in our Conference, by four an informal program was ren- 3. Every Mother has a right to

Aalborg, Denmark, Conference a Success '"PHIS picture was taken on July 7, Mission President; Andrew Jenson, Clark, Robert Nelson, George A. W.

* 1935, after a most successful conAssistant Church Historian; Eva OlPetersen, Victor Degn, N. Willard

ference in the city of Aalborg. A sen, Carl R. Andreasen, Svend Jensen. Larsen, Owen M. Christensen, Dislarge crowd filled the Aalborg church Third row: Otto L. Jorgensen, trict president; Ezra Carr, Paul B.

to capacity. District President, Thomas C. SorTanner.

Names of persons on the picture: ensen, Richard D. Johnson, District Fifth row: David Nielsen, Mission

First row: Melvin R. Liljenquist, President; Arnold V. Bergesen, Lewis Secretary; Boyd J. Larsen, Karl SimThomas Drury and Jens W. Olsen. Westinskow, Elder W. Jackson; onsen, Martin B. Mickelsen, Wayne

Second row: Hugh M. Bird, DisChristian Nielsen, District President; E. Sorensen, Rulon J. Hansen, District President; Boyd T. Karren, Mrs. Jess P. Jessen and Calvin B. Jolley. trict President; Jeffersen M. JorgenAndrew Jenson, Alma L. Petersen, Fourth row: Lawrence Nielsen sen.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

regulate the important functions of I would make it a rule to read some generations are linked up, nations are the home on schedule time. poetry and listen to some music at made familiar to each other, people

4. Every Mother has a right to least once every week; for perhaps are interpreted for other people to

assist in budgeting the family income, the parts of my brain now atrophied understand, life's meanings are made and upholding the family credit and would thus have been kept alive clear. Living becomes expansive and

good name. through use. The loss of these tastes colorful through books.

Charles said is happiness,"a loss of to rehas a right 5. Every Mother means are the varied many and So a valuable from him and Darwin, inregularlyceive family the from finding for and happiness creating for

learned. lesson might be small ofcome, a which that sum money others, it is it, created by once

statement, to Darwin's According pleases. asshe she spend will may subject of the discussion short a

is connected happiness creating of the of as naming 6. of to much so permit a right not has Every Mother for the the of a taste developing with left for each be must hour, of out twentyfour, the each Thatone ways.

literature music. in beautiful and the time opens toin think, to read, pray, do when which and and of individual hearing and of poetry reading The of author the short life's poem, plan herand work. way. A create doubtless, moments can, music tells in words is 7. few right to unknown, has a which Every Mother tastes for those whose happiness of happiness: regarding deal great evening aspend one week, each away

sufficiently respond to elevated are in for study,from or or home, work poetry. uplift of music and to the betterment.her own

crystal, this—-the is like further than can a go But we 8. right the to has a Every Mother joys these of others with sharing clear, exquisite and Fair and LJAPPINESS of respectlove her and and husband

greater degree in happiness creates pieces, million in a Brokenchildren, patience, through her own ourexperiencing them merely than near. far and Scattereddiscretion, loveliness. loyalty, and

selves. 9. right to Every has a Mother

life's pathway, along then, and oneself lose to It is possible in the Nowretain dignity her and modesty and fall, fragments shining Lo, some artistic things of esthetic wonder lovelinessthe dainty of her body own pieces so are many there But require a beautiful must happiness mind.and

all. 10. Every Mother has a right to hour, that it leave the individual betNo one ever finds them

life those with to qualified face abilter her family with in mentalgrow as on they journey, the wise, Yet not become him. must Beauty aroundity, social charm, and spiritual power.

clear, fragment every Treasure it must be happiness to induce a drug;

a light, igniting in those who sense Fit them as they may together,

Creating Happiness it a flame of love for fellowmen. Imaging the shattered sphere.

creating for tools hapare Hobbies tradition through FAVORITE A thankful ever to be Learning followers their for give piness they""generations persisted—that has it of their share be small Though the at same diversion delightful and life; is the regoal the ofhappiness pieces so it has many For all interests of the who time cement all. sought purhaveward by Some all. finds them ever one No hobbies. the enjoy same in of the happiness,sued wealth name

some have desired fame and regarded Reading is an instrument for creit as the stepping stone to true hapating happiness, for through it the piness, some have considered a good name, a high social position or in- "pHE time has arrived! Seniors havefluence over affairs or people as the * chosen the open road—have taken

equivalent of happiness. Mutual "The Community Highway To BetGradually, however, the outlook is ter Things,"We congratulate you.

shifting. It has been discovered and T TOW sweet and dear the sound There are a few things, however,

is being proved by increasing numbers 1 If one but knows the wide sigwhich the Senior Leader should do!

nificance isthat to create happiness a greater list of every a have should He results,thing certain of than That and more (See the in ward. Senior lies so clearly couched eligible1.

itself! it the world it Within or to seek tomerely wait have records.) ward

faith of pioneers is into Mormon lap. that one's Todropped "Man his attendance check should 2. He live to the Gospel sought truth acceptedhe joy"might have is a Who of his list this to see many how with discernand find to wisdom by thewithout question Latterday And by enrolled. really have prospectives

it Saints, ment stated for they was know by a prophet. And toward the end Life's rich gifts, it meant 3. He should see to it that every

of experiencing that joy, the adult The living testimony of the truth. Senior have an invitation to join the

class.members of the Church—of the M. Their great conception I. A.—might well turn a part of their Was for loyalty to good, advance- 4. He should enlist and gain the

attention. ment, support of those in attendance and

What is happiness? There are, And for the comprehension induce them to assist him in soliciting

perhaps, as many answers to that Of the underlying principles of faith. for enrollment.

query as there are people who would Some hint of youth's requirements 5. The leader should do his best to

be interested in making reply. One Was woven into tenets firm and find means of socializing the group

cannot define for another what constrong, early in the season. (Dancing parties,

stitutes the state of mind and being And Mutual became the institution house parties; outings where weather

known as happiness, but each for himThat guaranteed the search for good, will permit; buffet suppers.)

improvement. enrichment and For self his conception analyze can own Senior Committee the of Members its lines, in threefold Divergent it. of enthusiare so Boards of the General spiritual, physical, Mental,

it is for for to found? be prepared for the astic manual Not Where

It youth; of the needs meets as in the place manner and same Geddesyou A. Dr. Joseph year by adults this satisfies It of yearning the

the for possibly; planning unusually but me, and anticipating are an that they development. culture and For

it us, for of should, both worthwhile hoping with a and interesting season inspire a determination to create it Its "purpose fails not, and its hand social movement which will lead our for ourselves and those about us. Cannot be stayed."communities to higher planes of liv-

"If I had my life to live over again,—Lida E. Fletcher. ing.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

The Calendar For parties concerned. If we look at and church members. To the Sheffield

one of of District Banquet and the more common MenGleaner MOctober last April, in Ball held Rotherham, communication—letter writing—thisformsTF you are between the ages of 25 is particularly idea apparent. Yorkshire, peoThere twenty young came

and 36 you are a Senior and should are not many of us who would conple, hitherto not contacted by the enroll with that organization in order tinue to write to someone from whom Church. The press was invited, a

that you might enjoy the following no answer was forthcoming. So much large picture with a full account approgram for October: of the real joy to be derived from peared in the local newspaper, and

son—"WordsOctober 1. Theand AppreciationTheir Ways."Lespersonalthe receivingcorrespondenceof messages. comes from newspeoplewentand forthtell themto "find"of themoregoodyounglife.

October 8. Chapter Two of the There is another type of communiAt the London District's Gold and

Manual: "Relationship of Leisure to cation to which perhaps, we haven't Green Ball, held in January, were

Civilization."given so much thought—that which gathered some 200 people. FortyLesson—-"BuildingOctober 15. TheBackgroundAppreciationFor isdren.possibleTo betweenevery oneGodofandus Hisis givenchilthereone ofthroughthe nonmembersthe ticketsellingpresent activwere

the opportunity of spiritual growth ities of a London M Man. To thereading—The Bible."

October 22. Chapter Three: and development through this source. first annual June Conference of the

"SeventyFive Years of Integration As our prayers are our word to God, British M. I. A., held June 8th, 9th

of Community Life in the Mountain so the Scriptures are His word to us. and 10th at Kidderminster, WorcesStates."Just as we may receive happiness tershire, came qualified representatives

the of from message loved of British a ten one departments many Men M 29. October Open Night—Special to correspondence, through in the and compete away Track Men M ofprogram Dancing, Music, Drama milesso receive joy Sheffield's Field crack and inspiration may we Meet. The

entire Association. our from the through Father Russell Heavenly (permatook team Cup

are five great opportunities There athletic British trophy) His direct word to us in the Scripnent M Men in for October Seniors to catch tures. the them, to Yorkshire back with

glimpses of the "life that lives"and And so we suggest to Gleaners other nine teams determined to preto learn to live that sort of life. everywhere that they set aside a few vent a repetition of the act. Their

minutes each day at the time of their determination to build up their own

The Manual evening prayers, to make their comlocal strength will mean finding new '"THE Committee are hoping that all munication with Him more meaninqmembers. To an M MenGleaner

-"Seniors are as enthusiastic over ful. swimming party one day last summer

the manual now that they have dipThe Latin words from which the came a young lady from North Lonped into it as the Committee, themword "communication"is derived don. Treasures of Truth projects

selves, are. The quotations printed mean "ready to be of service."found her waiting to weave into paton page 27 are among the many gems God is ready to be of service to tern an individual story of young

in the book. The one by Fosdick is His children. It remains for us to womanhood. She combined with the

worthy of being committed to memutilize that service in a vital way. story, artistic ability, and won first

ory. Let it be the aim of every Gleaner place at the British Gleaners'Treas-

"There is an inward fire that is Girl this year to add materially to her ures of Truth Exhibit last June.

fanned at times into a blaze. Beauty spiritual stature and to the enrichment Meanwhile, the previous November

does it. It is incredible that a world of her life generally through a closer she became a baptized member of

with nothing but her atoms and eleccontact than ever before with God's the Church. Missionaries in Glastrons could ever have cared about teachings. gow, having been assigned the job

color and harmony, made the evening of establishing M Men work in Scotstar and the Fifth Symphony, and Mission Application of land, "found"200 unemployed youths cathedrals, that, like frozen prayers."as Ruskin said, "are M MenGleaner Work Meanwhile,and taught thethem"Rochdaleto play Msoftball.Men"

Along that "community highway to ""THERE* of characterare fundamentaland trainingqualitieswhich representthe BritishtheNationalManchesterBaseballdistrictAssoin better things"will we hope beauty blaze in every village and city of must form a part of every successful ciation and the foundations for misZion the world over. life. The view that the M Men and sionwide M Men athletic schedules

Gleaner program originating in our are being laid.

Church has these essential characterIn such manner can the program building "vitamins"is greatly enoriginating in small branch halls sweep hanced and broadened by the knowlthrough a populated area, and not

Our Sheaf "I Will Read the edge that in Europe, this great joint only find new members, but convert

Scriptures Daily"movement for perfecting youthful maand hold them!

CO often we hear the comment, turitypowersis ofprovingM MenGleanerof great effect.activityThe andThemissionarieschallenge into theM. missionsI. A. workersis not "What a small world this is after in the missions of Zion are threefold. then to discover through study that

all."We are impressed with the These powers coincide with the esthe M MenGleaner program is a

thought that probably at no other time sential nature of good missionary missionary force, but to apply it.

in the world's history have peoples work, which activity could be classiAfter vigorous application the spirit and individuals, although geographfied under the three following headof "carry on"must then bind the new ically widely separated, been so close. ings: contacts over into the weekly routine

Modern science has made possible 1. Finding. of class activity.

universal exchange of ideas, with the 2. Converting. Outlined for 1935 is a carefully

result that life everywhere is broad- 3. Holding. measured program that lends itself

ened and enriched. It is indeed an In the European Missions, M Men beautifully to such development. In

age of communication. and Gleaner departments are being the lesson text, The Leadership of

Webster tells us that communicaestablished, wherever possible, in Joseph Smith, mission groups will distion is the interchange of thoughts or every M. I. A. cover at once, an opportunity for preopinions, implying obviously, the These new departments are finding senting the story of Joseph Smith to

necessity of there being two or more new, prospective M MenGleaners inquiring friends—something which

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935 always must be done; and they themWhen 41 young people hire a truck four hours, all contributed to enhance

selves will grow in power as the covered by a wagon cover and travel the Saturday night dance.

extravital nature of the Prophet's 220 miles to a party, they merit a So enthusiastic were those who atideas are scrutinized and partaken of good time, and when they go to tended that representatives of the in class discussion. Snowflake, Arizona, they are assured various groups organized a more perThree finer appreciation courses of having it. manent organization for promoting a

than "The Use of the Story,"Many other extravagant, but true, similar yearly gathering. Officially

"Public Address,"and "The Art of statements might be written about Snowflake is the parent ward but

Hospitality"could not have been this state wide convention, yet wisbids were made and one tentatively chosen for developing missionary dom should temper our enthusiasm. accepted for the meet to go elsewhere

power in mission groups. Coupled The crowds began gathering Frinext year. Details of this meet will

with an energetic use of the lessonday, August 9, coming from far points be announced later. B. K. F.

text, this cultural activity should make all over the State of Arizona. Mr.

excellent foundations for increased Flake Willis, Stake President of M calre-enrollmentM MenGleanerin all missionwork classes.is definitely MenChairmanand ofEdnaGleaners,Richards,were theStakedi- *"*A CCORDINGendar, by thetotimeour you193536have

destined for a great future in mission recting team of the whole program. ceived this issue of the Era, you will

life. At a special meeting of the Back of them, however, upholding have had your opening social; Act I

Halifax Branch called to introduce them, inspiring them, seeing that in "Let Us Act"(Joy in Drama Parand explain such a program's organinothing failed, was that living dynaticipation); and Chapter One in

zation in the British Mission, the presmo, Stake M. I. A. Superintendent "Happy Landings, Youth"(Life Has

ident of the Branch arose, told how William C. Smith of Snowflake Stake, Loveliness to Sell). Did you all get

M. I. A. had converted him to the and back of Superintendent Smith happily acquainted? Did you begin

Gospel twentyfive years previously, and his efficient helpful wife was a your directed trip in the field of actbut wanted to know why it was that community of unusual hospitality, ing? And did you laugh with each

up to that night, knowledge of such unity and adaptability. The neighother? Did you begin to chart your

delightful departmental work had esboring ward of Taylor is also entitled course, so that you will make happy caped his notice. That past opporto much credit. They formed a seclandings? If your answer to each of

tunities may be capitalized on through ond line of vantage, reinforcing, upthese questions is "yes,"then you good applicatives today, was voiced holding, giving to the celebration as are already half way through the in a copy of the uniform postal report fully and as freely as Snowflake. season, for isn't well begun, really

of special attendance at Branch Honor They were the "sub"to the main half done? And think of the good

Day, received by the British Mission team. times you will have throughout the

Board from the Gleaners of the PortsFriday night the first dance was year, because you have begun so mouth Branch. With an enrollment staged. The orchestra was to come well.

of eight girls, the special effort and from a neighboring town and stake That is true enough so far as the activity entailed in a Branch Honor and at the appointed time was not Junior Girls who have come, are conDay brought to them new contacts on hand. The local orchestra that cerned. But what about those who

that evening of twentythree every score or more A the of M MenGlean-girls! truewas nowto custom,"wrangled"had beenand cameforgotten,in a wereJunior notDepartmentthere? Wethroughoutwant

er banquets every spring, socials, Gold real sportsmanlike fashion and started Church to achieve. So please get on

and Green balls galore, with woods the dance off in a fine way. When your toes and increase your enrollcyclistsand roads beckoning to the local and the orchestra did paid come year, over last and then ment 10%hikers; opportunities for developing real as only gave boys them way to at least twothirds coming, keep them

selfgoverning groups for purposes of sports do. of them, for any three months or more.

selfexpression according highto the festivities the Saturday morning look to you to help make our deWeest standards, with a complete weekly It breakfast. barbecue with a shine. began partment

to carryprogram the entire through efficientexcellently arranged and was: the coversyear, bound between of a lines Leaders long or eight Six ly managed.

single manual, much has been given were formed, the charge of the six Have you made your assignments in the way of real opportunity, for hundred was orderly and with disfor October, and are you checkingmission development through M Men patch, the food was ample, and the to be sure they will be ready? Have

and Gleaner work. Conventions of crowd quickly served. you selected and obtained the play

Mission M. I. A. workers this autumn Following the breakfast the crowd you will act? You should be well

under the direction of Mission M. I. gathered for a surprise program in acquainted with it before October 1.

A. Boards, may with high purpose, which each of the four Arizona Stakes Do you attend the M. I. A. officers

program.-—G.realize the fullestHomerextentDurham.of this great andfairlyappropriatenessoutdid itself inoftheits excellenceprogram. meetingsinformed eachas toweek,the specialso that programyou are

The afternoon was filled with an for October 29? Perhaps your girlsArizona M MenGleaner Girls excellent variety of sports and conare in a chorus which will sing on that

Hold StakeWide Fete tests. night.

The banquet, which was the major

Tfi 7"HEN a community of 900 enteraffair of the whole meet, was staged Two Plays For Girls *"tains 600 visitors, taking the in the high school gym. Six long Recommended by the

visitors without charge into their tables running the full length of the General Boardhomes and making them feel comgym were bounteously spread. An

fortable and perfectly at ease, it army of Junior Girls acted as waitPromised Land, by Helen Hinckley.

merits* attention. resses. Pages and messengers were A DELIGHTFUL historical drama

When 600 visitors are entertained on hand. Everything seemed to have "in four acts depicting the sacritwo days and two nights, given two been done to make for order, defices made to establish God's people

big dances on two successive evecorum, and hospitality. in the Promised Land. Full evening.

nings, a big barbecue breakfast, a Saturday evening's party was even The complete cast calls for twentyturkey banquet, and all that goes with better than Friday's. A larger crowd, five girls but five girls may present the

them, all for $1.00 per person, history better music, wider acquaintances deplay by assuming five parts each.

is made. veloped during the preceding twentyPrice 35c.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

The Message of the Roses, by Executive Oscar A. Kirkham, al- A total of 130 boys between the

Mabel S. Harmer. though from afar, serve as constant ages of 9 to 11 as Cubs, 12 to 18 and

A charming short play built upon reminders for the Hawaiian volunupwards as Scouts, and 15 and upthe thought of the Junior Girls'emteer scoutmasters, assistants and comwards as Sea Scouts are enrolled blem, the rose. This play is contained mitteemen and other laymen to carry under the L. D. S. banner as of the

in "Revue Sketches"which contains on the splendid work of moulding the present writing, all striving for the also twelve Road Show acts and a lives of youth for happiness, success, attainment of the best ideals in citione-act play. Price 75c. and service. zenship training and characterbuild-

Both publications are for sale at the There are at the present time eight ing, and not forgetting to live up to office of the Y. W. M. I. A. active registered scouting units sponthe Scout Oath and Scout Law. And

sored by the various branch Mutual last, but not least to be of service to

Explorers and withImprovementthe Church,Associationsand are dividedconnectedas mankind. Aloha.

Scoutx followsTroop No. 3, Kalihi, Scoutmaster EeeHive

P. Kaelemakule, Paul Jr.Scouting in the Stake Oahu is secret of success work. hard Scoutmaster HPHE No. 16, Laie, Troop

of the people is that remained has why it -* Maybe A LOHA from Pukahi. HawaiiLeroy

*i- land—Back in September, 1917, Troop No. 54, Liliha, Scoutmaster a secret to so many."

the first troop of Mormon Boy Scouts Solomon Pele. Our 20th birthday year has been

in the Hawaiian Islands was organSea Scout Ship "Lanakila,"No 93, successful. By united effort BeeHive

ized at 1124 Kalihi Street, City and Liliha, Skipper John L. P. Wailiula. achievements were many and praiseCounty of Honolulu under the leaderTroop No. 95, Nanakuli, Scoutworthy. At the beginning of this

ship of Scoutmaster E. Wesley Smith master David K. Rowe. winter season, it is hoped that even

with a small, but enthusiastic group Troop No. 98, Wahiawa, Scoutgreater strides may be made, to train

of youngsters eager to learn the ways master F. D. Crouse. for service, to enrich Girlhood and

of Scouting. This pioneer unit was Troop No. 100, Waikiki, Scoutto promote faith in God and love for

given the numerical designation of master C. Arthur Johnson. His Gospel plan.

Troop No. 3, Honolulu Council of Cub Pack No. 13, Liliha, CubWe suggest that a complete survey

the Boy Scouts of America, and from master Solomon Pele. of the Guides for each Rank be made

that time on proved to be one of the leading Scout groups in the community. From the first days of its recognition, the parents of the Scouts all

the Church members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints spoke of the good that the Scout program was doing for their sons, and praised those enrolled. In the summer

of 1920 a second troop was started, and opened with a Scouthouse at

Laie, windward Oahu, for the children of those missionaries living together in this happy settlement which radiates the true spirit of hospitality and kindness. Elder Ora H. Barlow was

commissioned as Scoutmaster of this troop known as No. 16.

Others who helped in the pioneer work of local Scouting for the boys of Mormon faith were: William M.

Waddoups, George Bowles, Robert

Plunkett, Louis H. Kane, Akinona

Kauka, Paul E. Beecher, Heber

Grant, Walter H. Penrose, Joseph F.

Smith, Samuel H. Hurst, Edward H.

Clissold, Eldon P. Morrell, Paul

Beecher, James M. Whitmore, Antoine R. Ivins and Edward Forsythe.

Following this first period of activity, it was felt by the Church leaders to give all boys under their guidance the benefit of the Boy Scout program as carried on by the great homechurch in Salt Lake City and the state of Utah. Scout Executive

Samuel W. Robley of the Honolulu

district worked with the representatives of the Latterday Saint Mission, and this group, with the cooperation SEA SCOUTS OF HAWAII

No. sponsored left right: "Lanakila"D. S. Church, to by L. Sea Scout Ship Top, 93. President Castleof Mission H. MurAssociation, Skipper; L. P. John Wailiula, No. Troop Improvement Mutual Lanakila Branch 54,phy, the starting task of accomplished Pele, Scoutmaster. Solomon

troops in all of the branch churches Middle, left to right: Troop No. 100, sponsored by L. D. S. Church, Waikiki Branch, C.

on the Island of Oahu. The inspiring ArthurBottom,Johnson,leftScoutmaster;to right: TroopTroop NoNo.3, 95,Paul DavidP. Kaelemakule,K. Rowe, Jr.,Scoutmaster;Scoutmaster.Cub Pack No. 13,

messages from Deputy Regional Scout Solomon Pele, Cubmaster.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

and a calendar of the year's work be so that each guide will be a stepping completed her department prooutlined that you may see before you stone to the next. There should be gram to the satisfaction of the

each month's work. By this method constant progress. BeeKeeper, attending at least

you will know what is ahead. You b. Individual achievement. fifteen times and participating

will be able to correlate your work 1. To each individual who has in the department activities.

will aided be by As BeeKeepersEXAMPLE girl will plan, their each so by her Rank of Gatherers of Honey chartingseeing way.

Month Week Guide Assignments For Next Week Suggestive plan for cell filling,

September 1st Contact all girls should include these divisions:

BeeHive age, inMonths, Foundation cells, Religion, vite to come.

Art, OutDomestic Home, Health, Social. 2nd Opening Service, Public Business, those ofDoors, on Check

present. Honor Badges.

the department and BeeHive The party. outdoor Plan for Gatherers'3rd Honey this year. achieve Girl BeeHive may Song.

offiHonor Day, Ward On Ward three girls to lead out in or 4th Out - of - door Two

Party. discussing topic 3, Guide III. cers will give recognition in some

October 1st Honey Gatherers'form. The following applies to the

Song, continued; BeeHive Department:

Foundation Cell a. To the BeeHive department havNo. 3, and No. ing accomplished the following

4, Guide IV. three requirements.

2nd Spirit of Hive. Plan for Cell filling evening a visit, 1. An average enrollment at least

or some Cell to be filled in class. 10% higher than that of 193435. (Departments whose membership equals 75% or more of

3rd To be carried out Reports to be made—Seals to be the possible enrollment autoas planned last awarded next time. matically becomes eligible.

week. 2. An average attendance during

4th Checking and Someone to come prepared to read any three months of twothirds awarding Seals. Section 89, D. C. or more of its enrollment.

Formulating cal- 3. Completion of the Department

endar for Cellprogram and activities as outfilling. lined.

to get Elder "You'll have Johnmother's me. on broke I ran to mySins Remitted again, Mama."the wall son on pounded and window (Continued from page 611) ill?"for? Are it. you "Whatever below

"Dead."My heart stopped "Mama! Mama!"I cried. "Get "No, I'm all right, but I have to

beating. The world stood still. up! be baptized again."

The significance of my act broke on "What is it?"a sleepy voice an- "Don't be foolish, Olga. It was

me with thunderous silence. Fear swered. Then more alertly, "Olga, yesterday that you were baptized.

gripped me with frozen fingers. If where are you?"You must be having a dream."

God had at that moment stepped "Here by the window, Mama.""No, I'm not, Mama. But I have

from His heaven to point an acSoon her anxious face showed to be baptized again, because I've cusing finger at me, it would have above me.—I've just killed the black rooster

seemed only reasonable. "What is it, child?"from over the fence."

As reasonable as the sheen of the black feathers of my victim. too bad girls do not sense theBlack that seemed so alive. A sudThe Challenge of values of good taste before donfirst ning the two. who filled rooster the A girlden hope me that Charm in places unthinkingly shorts I wears rose dead. andmight not be [Continued from page 618) display shouldn't, she where may infence. an the to Withwent

quiring toe I prodded his feathers. trunk bending to get rid of that her shapeliness, but she also disThere was no response. Chantispare tire. "There is a destiny plays poor taste. The girl who

cleer was indeed dead. that ends our shapes,"wails the wears slacks for any other than

The thought of burying my guilt middleaged lady. rough work or outings, looks just

occurred to me. But I knew it "Do You Wear Well?"what the name implies "slack."

would be no use. You couldn't Clothes, I mean. It isn't the Watch your step girls, into all

hide anything from God. Probclothes, it's how you wear them. styles must be written appropriateably at this very moment He was Some women can make a $2.98 ness and good taste. "pondering over my misdeed. dress proud of itself, while others Stop—Look—Listen

I began to cry. A great flood of may spend $50.00 and look very The years will come and the

tears until my face was wet. I ordinary. "She had a fur coat, years will go. Will you meet them

raised my hand to wipe them away. but turned heels on her shoes."gracefully? Or will you let life's

The gesture and the dampness reColors, styles, materials, must worries and disappointments carve called my immersion of the prebe studied for appropriateness their tale on your face and figure?

vious day. Baptism "for the reand suitability. The three s's Next month—How do you Act?mission of my sins!"A great light—shorts, slacks, skirts. It is And React?

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

children diet of developed in the seamen, vitamine who invariably A in resultedThe Word of deprived during the for some war scurvy when xerophthalmia, vegetables of fresh called time turbances and fruits,Wisdom from the eye disleading promptly relieved eventually by were and who

Standpoint of taking limes when they put into this condition was topromptlyblindness;reScience port.which (Hencehas lastedthe tonamethe "Limies"present lievedgood sourceby codofliverthis vitamine.oil, which is a

( Continued from page 609 day.) It is particularly interesting to

Furthermore, it is common to note that the common gastroinrelative to his own constitution in find, among those peoples eating testinal disorders, constipation, like manner as has been shown by polished rice, the nervous disorder colitis, appendicitis, ulcer, infantile direct experimental work with anknown as beriberi, whereas the diarrheas, and the like, are present imals. I call attention to the obwhole grain prevented and also rein countries where white bread is

servations made among the English lieved the condition. Lack of used chiefly (as in the United

States, England, etc.); but these

same conditions are rare where the people still use the more primitive methods of preparing their flour and leave the whole grain to be made into their bread.

These are the outspoken conditions resulting from such deficiency in the diet. Not mentioned are

numerous conditions which are rather submerged but nevertheless present, and contribute to a subnormal state of physiologic -wellBy any yardstick with which you being of man, such as atony of the measure value ofgastrointestinalnormal tone oftract,thesethatorgans.is, loss

YOUR LOCAL Of recent noteworthiness is a report that one of the most comin man, Independent Retailer mon mental disorders

Serves You Best! namelyspondingdementiain many casespraecox,to dietaryis reattention special with it be corrections, matter what No you buy—whether of the diet. to the vitamine content for modernizing hardware your home

synthetized are not Vitamines tools—sporting goods—housewares taken to they the be body; have by electric washing radio—an—agarden machine—a eat. into foods in the the body we supplies simor the refrigerator—farm in connection mentioned two The plest household hardware.

Your local independent retailer can supply with whole meal are most imporyou with dependable merchandise at prices tant, because the other vitamines comparable with ANY OTHER SOURCE are quite well supplied in our other

OF SUPPLY—quality considered. food stuffs, such as butter, milk,

eggs, carrot and vegetables in genPLUS eral, fruits, etc. And let us not

Friendly, courteous, personal service that forget the sunshine, which is a adds so much "plus value"to your pursource of vitamine D in the parts of chase. He is not only a heavy taxpayer, our body exposed to its rays.

but he also supports with his time and his Vitamines, however, are not the dollars all worthy local community affairs. only important factor in consideration. Let us turn our attention to

Your local independent retailer is deserving the minerals found in the wheat of your business—see that he gets it and grain. Calcium is not important

you will be rendering a lasting service to since it is not found in adequate your community that will come back to you amount in either whole wheat or many fold. white bread, and must come from

milk or cheese. However, whole

TTicJSaftLake wheatcalciumcontainsas whitefourbread.times asA muchchild

needs approximately one gram of a this per mineral /'cHanlwai'eCo. day, and many

to efficiently serve the independent "Organized in not to childhood, convulsion

WHOLESALE EXCLUSIVELY mention the occurrence of rickets and faulty bone development in Salt Lake City—Pocatello—Boise Grand Junction the skeletal structure, and in the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

development of the teeth, may be gives it its color, and which carries iodine in this roller milling proattributable to a deficiency of this oxygen to the tissues from the cess. This, be it once more stated,

element. lungs. is in addition to the invaluable

Iron and phosphorus are also Rose also carried out some invitamines lost, not to mention the important, and of these the child teresting experimental work along roughage lost to the body.

needs about one and onehalf times this line. She took rats made Relevant to this latter, the folas much as the adult. Be it said anemic (having less than the norlowing facts will be startling to

that the average American dietary mal amount of blood) by a milk contemplate. There is spent in

is deficient in these minerals, and diet. Group one she continued on the United States each year for

largely because of the substitution the milk diet; group two she fed cathartic drugs, according to Mcof white bread for the whole wheat whole wheat. The former group Collum and Simonds, over $50,-

products. did poorly, the hemoglobin in their 000,000. Unnecessary is this exRelative to iron requirements per blood falling from nine to five pense, and harmful as well. Were

day,.015 grams is needed (about grams in eleven weeks; while those we but to utilize all of the wheat

fifteen milligrams). White bread fed whole wheat showed an ininstead of merely that part which

contains about one milligram of crease in their hemoglobin from six goes to make up white flour, the iron in 100 grams of bread; whole to seventeen grams, in the same necessity for the above mentioned

wheat, on the other hand, contains time interval! medication would vanish; we

off finanbe better would not only tofrom four five grams in the same are vitally These experiments other cially, but in every menway of bread, or approximatelyamount interesting for and important, they eleven milligrams in a half pound indicate that there is a decided detioned in this discussion. Whereas

of bread, which is the average inficiency in the iron content of white whole wheat contains approxitake per day. This is exclusive of bread, and a relatively abundant mately 6.27% undigestible pencereal intake. Therefore, if whole supply of it in the whole grain. toses and 1.75% fiber, which act

as normal stimulants of intesthe It eaten, breadwheat it would, were is astounding to contemplate tinal tract, find in the what do wewith the iron in the content mineral added loss to the nation each average American diet? It consistscereals, afford sufficient iron so that year from the present process of

no shortage would be present. This roller milling, not to mention the of the following:

is not true of the white bread, howloss of vitamines already mentioned 1. Meats, including fowl, fish,

ever, for the total iron content of above. Approximately 75% of shellfish, etc.

a half pound of the latter would the total mineral content of the 2. Eggs.

contain but 2.25 milligrams of wheat is lost in this pernicious pro- 3. Milk and milk products.

iron, which, even with the added cess, which, may I repeat, has 4. Sugars and starches.

quantity in cereals, would be—and naught but the appeal to the es- 5. Fats and oils of plant and

is inadequate in the average thetic as a basis for its use. This animal origin.

American diet. loss is equivalent in total mineral 6. Refined cereals, white flour,

What happens when this mincontent to 500,000,000 pounds pastry, macaroni and other farieral is deficient? Let us again turn per year in the United States! nacious foods, etc.

to experimental medicine for a soluWheat loses 60% of its calcium, These foods are almost one huntion to this question. Bunge car76% of its phosphorus, 70% to dred percent digested! The resiried out experiments with rats with 80% of its iron and most of its due is inadequate to promote northe following results: He took

two groups of rats from the same litter, four in each group. One CHROMIUM PLATED

group he fed white bread, the other AND SIVER PLATED white bread plus bran ( the part of the wheat kernel which we deSacrament scribed earlier as the outer covering containing minerals). One rat in Trays

each group was killed at the end of PWJk the fifth, sixth, eighth and ninth NOW AVAILABLE weeks. The table illustrates his

findings: THE WATER TRAY

Proportion These Beautiful Chromium Plated Gain in Total Hemoglobin

Weight Hemoglobin toBodyWt. Sacrament as Sets Illustrated

Group one Are Salt Made in Lake, Exclus- (fed white bread alone)... 4.S1 Gm 0.2395 Gm 0.615% ively For, and Sold Only By Us.

Group two Write For Prices (fed white bread plus bran).20.76 0.3492 Gm Gm 0.714%

Deseret will that seen the beTT group fed white bread and bran gained Book almost five times as much inweight, and had considerably more Company hemoglobin than the group fed 44 East So. Temple St. Box 958

white bread alone. Hemoglobin SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH BREAD TRAYis that part of the blood which

. )!!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

mal intestinal action. Moreover, Undigestible residue

FISHER'S theymineralsare deficientas well. in vitamines and TheVitamines,results ofchieflysuch Bdeficiencyand E. inVitamin "D"Bread T'O summarize the latter part of clude: Numerous gastrointestinal disYour Best Energy Food this discussion, dealing with orders, as ulcer, colitis, conScience has proven the nutrition, we may say that: stipation, appendicitis, inage old saying that The nutritional deficiencies of refantile disorders with a high

"Bread is the staff of fined wheat are chiefly those of: mortality,

Iron and other minerals Nervous disorders as:

life."Fisher's Vitamin Superior Protein ( for it has been Beriberi and other latent dis-

"D"Bread supplies ensaid of wheat protein that orders, ergy for vitality, protein "Proteins of the grain are a Pellagra, for muscle building, little more efficient for the Possibly dementia praecox, valuable minerals and in promotion of growth than according to recent reports.

the same amounts of proteins It entails the expenditure of miladdition the extra vitamilk from eggs. and No annually—and min "D"everyone needs. cereal grain has yet been United States, needlessly—inlions of dollarsthe

Order this better bread studied which contains pronot to mention the loss of life from your grocer today. tein superior to those of and of wellbeing.

wheat. In sharp contrast is

Products of the the fact that the proteins left Surely these facts brought out

AMERICAN LADY afteredly inferiorrefining wheatfor growthare markand ingetherthe withforegoingpart onediscussion,of this paper,toBAKING CO. maintenance."This from should inspire in us deep respect

100% homeowned and Doctors McCollum and Simfor and a living faith in that pricehome-managed onds, authorities in the field less document known as the Word of nutrition ) of Wisdom.

FISHER'S of the summer forest as the trees Vitamin "D"Bread Studying themselves. Nature lovers often

accord to him the highest rank White and Whole Wheat Utah's Land of a

Thousand Lakes among forest songsters. In con-

( Continued from page 603 NEPHI headedUintahs Juncois knownand isas onethe ofGraythe many varieties of these birds that

SuperAcoustic we have in the West. He is easily

recognized by the white tail feathPlaster ers that flash as he darts past and by the brown patch on the back.

In winter he comes to our valleys

Used throughout the University and is known as the "snow bird."

Library Building and A true thrush song not unlike that of the robin but clearer and

Many of the Church's finest sweeter caught my ear and I recstructures in Utah and ognized the Hermit Thrush. This

California seclusive bird is seldom seen but his ringing voice is as much a part

A beautiful, durable, soundThe Oil that absorbing wall finish gives you—

Manufactured by a Utah Cor-—Greater motor protection because

poration of 45years standing it has more oiliness and film strength than other oils!

—Freedom from carbon and sludge

NEPHI PLASTER & troubles,tic users willas thousandstell you of enthusiasMANUFACTURING CO.—Extra long mileage, as proved by

401 Dooly Block, the Indianapolis Destruction Test

Salt Lake City, Utah CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY

Established 1875 THIS YOUNG HERMIT THRUSH WILL BE

A GREAT SONGSTER SOME DAY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

trast with his voice, his color is as (>HO4M0OBO subdued and plain as the trunks SALT LAKE and branches of the trees in which he lives. His back is uniformly

|grayish brown while his underparts UNION STOCK YARDS are lighter streaked with brown. NORTH SALT LAKE

the he is Although one of smallAn EVERY DAY MARKET for Your Livestock birds, the Chickest of our forest adee instantly attracted my attenDirect Connections Here for EASTERN or COAST tion with his cheerful notes. This (Los Angeles and San Francisco) MARKETS.

busybody, acrobat of birddom, is for Best ofseemingly as cheerful in the rain Bill to FEED AT NORTH SALT LAKE in Modern Yards—Operated under Governmentas in the sunshine as he searches Service—

Supervision.

constantly about the branches for tiny insect eggs or some other food J. H. MANDERFIELD, General Manager

delicacy. This bird, because he

destroys countless numbers of these tree enemies is of great value in forest conservation.

L. D. S. GARMENTS me, mountain peaks have al-"pOR FOR ALL SEASONS

ways held out a kind of chalSelected from our extensive line of L. D. S. Garments we suggest the following

lenge; and particularly did these No. ] New Style, ribbed numbersIt. wgt. for all seasons wearOur best selling wool numwith their rocky slopes so high Combed Cotton. An excelber. Men's new or old style.. $2.75

above the sea that giant spruces No. 2 lentOld Ladies'Style, ribbednumber It. wgt. $.80 No. 6 LightLadies'weightnew or garment,old style 1.00

and firs crawl upon their knees like No. 3 Ribbedcotton, ourmed.standardwgt. garmentcotton, 1.00 No. 7 LightAutumnweightgarment.SpringMen onlyand 1.00

pilgrims on a sacred stairway and bleached. Our all season numNo. 8 Light weight silk for ladies

then lie prostrate on the rugged No. 4 Ribbedber. Men'sheavyner weightor old styleun- 1.45 No. 9 Mediumonly, newwgt.stylesilkonlyfor women, 1.00

sides. And, too, I had heard of bleachedback number.cotton.Men'sOur newdoubleor No. 10 Men'snew stylenew onlystyle silk 1.751.50

strange birds and animals that live old style 1.50 No. 11 Ladies'new or old style med.

among those rocks and stunted No. In5 Partordering,wool,beribbedsure tounbleached.specify whether old or newwgt.stylepartgarments,wool, silkshortstripe—.legs 1.95and

trees where freezing temperatures sleeves or ankle length legs, are wanted. Also give bust measure, height and weight

almost the year around make the to insure perfect fit.Keep This Number of Magazine for Reference

grasses and flowers cower close Utah Blanket Headquarters and cling to the soil that nourishes See our Pure Virgin WoolWriteBlanketsfor Pricesbefore buying elsewhere.

them. FACTORY TO YOU—THE ORIGINAL

I chose Notched Mountain for my first climb, perhaps because itwas closer and looked easier than Briant UTAHStringham, Manager WOOLEN MILLS24 Richards Street the surrounding peaks. I was alone OneHalf Block South of Tabernacle South Gate

on this trip, and as usual the sky Salt Lake City, Utah was overcast and storm threatened.

Lest I lose my way in that wilderness of lakes and streams, I kept the Saddle to my front, old Baldy to my right, and tall Watson to my left.

The trees began to thin. I hearda chirping overhead and looking Mew

upward saw a flock of small birds flying by. They alighted in a tall

spruce near at hand and began busily tearing Grand trees. My glassesat therevealedcones aofsightthe

that is rare to bird students of this region. These were Crossbills,

those rare birds of the highermountains in which the upper and Hotel lower parts of the beak are crossed over each other to form a powerful tool with which to pry the seeds from the conifers. Crossbills are

occasionally seen about settlements Main and 4th South Streets MODERNFIREPROOF in winter but they are rarely encountered in their summer homes. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

The males of these birds are slight- A MECCA FOR CONFERENCE VISITORS M. H. Thompson, Mgr.

ly larger than the English Sparrow,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

and in full breeding plumage have thousand feet, tall trees disappearnot a bird but a small rabbitlike the head and body colored a briled and their places were taken by mammal without a tail that lives in liant red. sprawling balsams barely coming the high mountains of the Western

Small Chipping Sparrows—the to one's knees. I was at the foot States. His home is in crevices or

valleys—trilledfamiliar "chippies"at meoffromourthelowertips ofpilesNotchedof quartziteMountain.bouldersUnrulylay holesthese indensthewithrockspilesandofhedriedoftenvegefills

of dead pines; tiny RubyCrowned where they had tumbled from the tation which he gathers during the

Kinglets, little larger than Humcliffs above. Wherever sufficient summer. These Pikas later became

mingbirds sang lustily from thick soil afforded, columbines with deliour most familiar friends and groves; a pair of Nutcrackers, cately blued blossoms, and deep, would often eye us curiously from

crows of the high altitudes, flashed blue pentstemons grew. their rocky homes as we passed

their white wing marks at me as As I clambered over this rock within a few feet of them.

they flew across a clearing and setmass, bleating cries beneath my tled in some dead trees in the disfeet startled me for an instant until TN this arcticlike region of treetance. I remembered that I was in the land lessness I found as I had hoped

At an elevation of about eleven of the Pika. This odd animal is the nesting ground of a bird that

one must climb the highest of our

Utah peaks to find at home. This

bird is called the Pipit—a strange

name for a strange bird. These

I lated to the of Ouzels our Water B/tAlVD interesting creatures are closely refjlAlvWtN swift streams mountain have and quality and workmanship manufactured for the Of Superior

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE muchand downthe sameas habitif theyof bobbingwere upon competition. sold defying at prices ordering from us When And springs. Pipits the are about The

in States. the Postage United Anywhere remember we Pay

size of the English Sparcommon

No. No. LADIES FOR FOR MEN build are of slimmer but row and $1.25.98 Spring Needle $ 662 Men's Rayon NonRun 703 Flat Weave

719 Ribbed Light Weight 1.10 610 Ribbed Light Wt. Spring Needle 1.10 have the body colored light brown

Lisle 1.25 792 Quality 602 Fine Quality Cotton Lisle 1.25 Extra Fine 1.25 streaked with darker. I later found Quality 614 1.00 Ex. 750 Med. Wt. Rayon NonRun

736 Fine Quality Cotton Lt. Wt 75 620 Men's Light Wt. Double Back 1.25 young pipits on snowbanks on the

6111 2.95 Quality.... 1.25 Weight 762 Super Heavy Wool 50% Rayon NonRun 1.50 north slopes of some of the higher Cot. Double Back 664 Med. Hvy. 88 735 Ribbed Wt. Cotton Light Weight

714 Medium Weight Cotton 1.25 660 Silk and Wool Medium Weight 1.95 mountains. In late autumn these

Garments Marked Upon Request. 10c for Cotton—Silk 15c birds often congregate in large

Prices Subject to Change Without Notice. 20% Extra Charge for Sizes Over 46. flocks in the lowland valleys.

Do not fail to specify New or Old Style and if for Man or Woman. Also state if long Still higher, where even the scrub

Give accurate wanted. legs are or long or short sleeve, short Bust Measurements, balsams had lost their footing, I

Request. Sent Samples Weight. Height and Upon found strange finches that scienSALT LAKE KNITTING STORE tistsbirds callneedthea Leucosticte.common nameIf attheseall

42 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH they should probably be called

Rosy Finches. Our Leucosticte of

the Uintahs is deep chestnut brown in ground color with the wings,

WE MANUFACTURE rump, and tail tinted with the most

is nest crevices built in rock in those CORRUGATED and DIVIdelicate peach blossom pink. His altitudes high and his young

hatched the perhaps before weeks SION PIPE WATERWORKS are melted from banks have last snow and IRRIGATION the mountain slopes. He clings to

EQUIPMENT hisbringalpineflurrieshomeofuntilsnowautumnto remindwinds

Gates Flumes him of approaching winter, then descends canyons. to the lower size, inches, for bridges, culhe eight to ninetysix CORRUGATED METAL PIPE—Any

little occasionally I have found Bridges. roads, for or ditches—Multiplate driveways verts, highways,

this flocks of species gatherhardy irrisize up, for waterworks, four inches and WELDED PIPE—Any ing foothills in the seeds on weed pipelines. gation, drainage and

frosty flilDWIlIllIlSffilffiW'J""'""'"'winter days. HEADGATES, FLUMES, GATES MEASURING CONTROL AND

GATES—For Waterworks or irrigation needs. Culverts Finally after much puffing from

For Highways, for your city's Waterworks System or for your individual needs, the effects of the high altitude I consult our engineers without obligation. topped the bare ridge of Notched

Mountain. The cook tent on Tryol

like of tiny speck looked a CO. Lake R. HARDESTY MANUFACTURING I I white. stood, could where From SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH entire of a the view command

Utah Manufacturers—Visit our Exhibit at the State Fair Provo River Basin. For a moment

the clouds shifted so as to let the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

sun blaze out. The dense forests range with hundreds of other lakes J|l|llllllllllllllllllllll>ll||lllllllllllll|lllll!llllllllllllllllllllllllll|lllllllllllllllllllllll>'

below me, dulled by the rising hidden in its forests.

mists, looked like a great green For the lover of the single trail, I CONFERENCE & I carpet. I could count over thirty the deep forest, the unnamed lake,

lakes of varying sizes and shapes and the birds and beasts in their I FAIR VISITORS j in that single basin. To the eastnative home, this Land of a Thouward for another hundred miles sand Lakes seemed a Paradise instretched Utah's highest mountain deed.

I I BOYD PARK

I JEWELERS j/ "When he is healed they at once bap- | BOYD PARK BLDG. 166 MAIN STREET |

standing him scholars tize two* by him, Erief of HistoryA lighter the of and to him rehearsing some invite visit their | you to | Cordially commandments. weightier of the some Practicethe of store in Salt Lake has and come immersed been he has When

like an he is water), the up (from 1, (Vol. all thatBaptism Israelite in he does."

(Continued from page 597) page 334, bottom of page.) Do Your Christmas Planning

Now "The origin of the requirement of bapIt is quite evident therefore, that tism is not known. The rite has superbaptism as a practice with delivered

ficial to credit the convenient preanalogy baths terms Our many their in history early Israel began in afterscribed for purification the law it for easy and your you make stated: as and Wall Mr. or kind religious ofone another uncleanto beautiful the loved ones own

ness, writers and frequently modern have this continues to day the same "And desire. so things yousatisfied explanation themselves the with present of the practice to the be (1705)

to> inthat proselytes required bathe were his history in so Leo For Jews. Modena

toorder purify themselves, really or symof 5, speaking (Pt. them, of Ch. 2) a I Depend Can You On | You Knowbolically, the in from uncleanness which cirtake admission: proselyte's and They

lifethe of the passed. whole heathen was is well as as him: he soon and cumcise

explanationThis to seems nowhere be all is himself his sore, to he of wash explicitly teachers propounded Jewish by [ is in this I in to water: be done and over PARK BOYD itselfin rite early the centuries. The etc. three Rabbis, of the presence And JEWELERSdiffers of baths fundamentally from such a as thenceforth becomes so he from

official inpurification the that presence of 1 for 73 Years | of Infant Have Our People History (Wall, natural Jew."

is 1, required."witnesses pages (Vol.

1, 5, Par. 5). Baptism, Vol. page

332 and 333). iililliiiiiiiiiiliilillliiimiimiimiiiimiiliiliiiiliiMiiiiiiiilil minim:, mil?

These references clarify the Mr. Moore continues: quoted words of Paul, that their

"Rabbi (Judah, the Patriarch) remarked fathers were all baptized unto the correspondence between the admission Moses in the sea, and establishes of a proselyte and the experience of Israel. the fact that Israel from the time

Israelites the into the covenant cameAs of Moses practiced baptism or Why Don't circumcision, three things,only bapby tism, and sacrifice, precisely so the prosewater immersion as an initiatory lyte comes into the covenant by the same rite.three things."(Vol. 1, page 334, Par. 4). YOU

Baptism During Reign of David LEARN

In explanation Moore writes and Solomon before circumcised were "They left inferred Egypt, from (Joshua 5:2); they (UR next period for discussion Beauty Culture?

they were baptized in the desert {Exodus includes the time of the reign It's a fastgrowing business, interesting profitable. Success depends on and after themselves pledged they19:10); Bibto of of Solomon. and David

training, you and that's what thorough all of they God'skeep commandments, lical to reference during baptism Excelcis. in at Salt get Schools Lake

of the the blood sprinkled withwere teachers, experienced with and Ogden, this is absent. period However, Nationwide equipment. 24:3-8)."most modern sacrifice (Exoduscovenant

(Moore's note 4). reference is made to the existence connectionsto Excelcis offergraduates.exclusiveSendadvantagescoupon

of a "Molten Sea"in the Temple for full details.

Relative to the mode of baptism of Solomon which is described in

Moore says: the Book of Chronicles: EXCEL-CIS

"As in ritual ablutions, the water must "Also he made a molten sea of tentouch every part of the flesh."(Moore's cubits from brim to> brim, round in comBEAUTY SCHOOL

five pass, cubits thereof; the height andnote 2).

line cubits of thirty and a did compass it MainWasatch& Bdwy.1196 WashingtonPhone 653& 23rd

Mr. Moore gives in the following round about. Salt Lake City Ogden

an example of the initiatory rites as "And under it was the similitude of they were practiced by the Jews in oxen,ten in whicha cubit,didcompassingcompass it theroundsea about:round MAIL COUPON TODAY

School, Excelcis Beautythe second century of the Christian < about. Two City, Salt Ut. Lake rows of oxen were cast, > Main & Broadway,

cast. whenEra: it was catalog Beauty send free Please on

After the man has been inter- "It stood upon twelve oxen, three lookCulture.

....rogated to ascertain his sincerity, ingtowardtowardthe west,the north,and threeandlookingthree lookingtoward Name

he is circumcised, and quoting the south, and three looking toward the Address

Moore: east: and the sea was set above upon

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

them, and all their hinder parts were inthis subject, he quotes Maimonides:

it thickness of "And the was an handTWENTY MILES OF ward.

it breadth, of like the the brim and work CARPET of the brim of a cup, with flowers of join"Whenas a aproselyte;man or atheywomanmakecomesdiligentto

lilies; and it received and held three thouinquiry concerning such, lest they come

Acres of Linoleum sand baths. to get themselves under the law for some

for receive, that or should they lavers, five riches also ten put and "He made lot of Carpet A obtain; for that dignity or they should left, right five the hand, on and on the

lot of Linoleum A it fear. If inquire whether man; they a be in to things them: such as they wash installed It has all been recently by the affection set his not some on he have offered offering for burnt the they washed

in them; but the sea was for the priests Jewish woman: or a woman, her affection

of Israel. such If no some man in."(II Chron. 4:2-6; see also on wash

in them, they occasion be found made I & M RUG & toI Kings 7:23). LINOLEUM CO. known unto them the weightiness of likethe

251 So. State Street—Salt Lake Using the value of 1.82 ft. as yoke of the law, and the toil that is in the

thereof, people that of above which the of length Talmudist Hedoing will benefited be by calling on the You TOO will to see lands if they have: go other I the & M for cubit (see brew of AnSystems Floor in Coverings Anything them, back. take and If they it upon

tiquity, International Critical Tawithdraw not; and they see that they

bles, Vol. 1, page 15) this molten come of love; then they receive them, etc.

sea was 18.2 ft. in diameter, 54.6 "Therefore the Judges received no

all Solothe of proselyte and days David ft. in II-3.0) (here circumference New A lest in days, they David's mon. Not

ft. 9.1 Its capacity deep. was in fear: Soloof nor should have come Dustless Stoker as given to 3000 Fuel wasand 2000 lest should because baths, mon's, they come have

or approximately 15,000 to 20,000 of the Kingdom and great prosperity

Israel comes had. then whoso For which ABERDEEN is gallons. given the depth While

the of for anything heathens from the feet caas nine the and Treated Coal roughly is this vanities world, of he no righteous there are proselyte. Notwithstanding

that in David's and Solomany proselytes A Trial pacityit may notas 2000necessarilyto 3000havebaths,been

Order Will Convince filled to this depth while in use mon's time joined themselves in the presthe persons: private of Judges and Too! You this that sea the statement and of a care great Synedrion the was ofence had in Salt Sold Lake in,"priests to probfor, "the wash after away, drove them not them. They

By ably refers to washings of bapthey were baptized, out of any place:

fruits (Wall: until appeared."their after Citizens tism since it is hardly reasonable Neither took they them near to them, Coal Co. to provide assume that Deity would page Vol. 1, Infant Baptism, of History 8572 Wasatch facilities for bathing the conveni- 4, Par. 5 6). and

ence of the priests in a Holy Temple. This statement shows that bapfold durto the proselytes admitted ilar in Salt vessels the Lake Temple YOUR TOWN It is recalled that we have simtisms were actually performed and Soland of David ing the days other of our each and Temples,

resting of omon. the backs upon has a vessel The brazen or molten sea rethat twelve are these oxen, and

used as baptismal fonts. mained in the Temple for approxiDealer Selling While this is largely presumpmately four hundred years, or until

tive evidence that baptism was the Temple was destroyed and the appointbrass broke the Chaldeans time during that the the UTAH practiced to Babylon. them ments and carried in use are indebted temple was we

(Jer. 52:17.) Aberdeen Coal to Mr, Wall for further light on

Baptism in Book of Mormon History God Has Willed It So TT is evident from the foregoing

By Camille C. Nuffer that baptism was practiced byCOAL IT'SThe wonderfullovely greento seeof tree lytesIsrael,intoat leastthe fold,in bringingas far backproseas

And hear the breezes play the beginning of their law. It is

Through swaying that Lehi limbs all day. quite certain therefore Buy the best by colony left Jeruand his which

It's to breathe wonderful requesting AndTheknowperfumethe ofripeningthe fieldsplants ofsalemthe justtemplepriorknewto theof anddestructionunderin Nephi, shown son of Lehi, was to see sweet a rose ABERDEEN It'sTo man a harvest yields. stood the principle of baptism. future the concerning much the as day's Just begun vision

Produced by Unfold its lovely petals of his people and of the world. He

And smile up to the sun. predicted the coming of Christ and

in foretold detail concerning much Independent Coal & It's alive to be good foretold His ministry. someHe understand and know To Coke Co. time the of near baptism 550 B. C. is thing because Each

God has willed it so. Christ in the meridian of time, and

j

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

also stated that repentance and through scriptural and nonscrip- baptism are commandments of God tural sources. We have shown that(read II Nephi, chapter 31, also baptism was preached or practiced ATTENTION!

life in 9,chapter periods verse the during 23). of Adam,

this that Enoch, and and knowledge and pracThat Moses Seminary Students Noah, tice was preserved by the rightreinstituted the practice with Israel. Before you order your seminary

pins to us for samples send and that theeous survivors of this colony temple have shown is We prices these pins as we make seaevident contained a of Solomon account of the from the huge dito students the and deliver ministry of Alma at the waters of which was of suitable size for use rect at a very reasonable price.

Mormon about 147 B. C. in which as a baptismal font and from BibWE HAVE MADE SEMINARY

ministration baptism by immersion lical sources we have shown that PINS SINCE 1915 was practiced ( Mosiah, 1 8th chapthis "sea"remained within the

Manufacturing Dennis Go. forter); years, or four hundred the record temple and further from Bldg. 521 Dooly

until the templeof the was destroyed. conversion of individuals City, Salt Lake Utah

and the establishing of a church in There is no additional evidence Any seminary pin duplicated at

Zarahemla and Gideon (Alma 6:1, within the Bible showing baptism a reasonable price

2, and 7:14) about 83 B. C; and from the captivity of Israel until

also in the record of the establishing of the church among the Lamanites in Ishmael by Ammon (Alma 19:35) about 90 B. C.

It will also be recalled that Nephi called the people to repentance andbaptized those who heeded the call Motoring Helpssubsequent to the appearance of the sign which attested to the birth of Christ (III Nephi 1:23); and

that in the ministry of Christ rejob, Llutwwmpeated reference to baptism was made. (See III Nephi, chapters

11, 12, 19.)

Baptism By John ""THE baptism of Jesus by John and resumption of the practice of baptism is referred to in the New

Testament and is well understood in the Church, (Matt. 3:1317),

and consequently will not be discussed further.

Restoration of Baptism A. D.

1829. ""THE history of baptism during the early Christian period and Now is the time to drain worn summer oil and during later periods is quite thorrefill with fresh clean Vico.

oughly covered by literature which Longer nights mean extra work for your is readily available to the Latterbattery. Have it checked... or a new Atlas

day Saints and consequently does Battery installed.

not come within the scope of this Tires after need replacing a strenuous may treatise.

Tires Atlas guaranteed are fully summer. However, reference to the restor-...

and save you money.

ation of the Aaronic Priesthood and with it, authority to officiate And of course, you'll need a regular supply of in the ordinance of baptism by imhill-climbing Pep 88 superfuel, the climatecon- mersion is made for the sake of trolled antiknock gasoline at price of regular.

completeness. This was restored Ask for a free copy of "Hunting Hints,"a 36

by John, the same who baptized page illustrated booklet that tells where and

Jesus, May 15, 1829, when authorhow to hunt.

ity was given to Joseph Smith and

Oliver Cowdery. ( Doc. & Cov., MOTORICOOIL Section 13.) UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

Summary 400 Service Stations and Dealers in

Utah and Idaho [PEP88GASOLINE AJK7E have thus traced the history of baptism from the baptism of Adam to the present day

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

I John came baptizing many. Howof members and eliminated as unthe essential that ever from Wall, due to laxity on the part we learn $1 i 5 PEONIES until this a practice continued of the Priesthood. Without i Jews POSTPAID

THEEE MOST POPULAR a period past 1705, and from the doubt the Jewish Church as it then

VARIETIES Jewish Encyclopedia this practice existed had drawn far from the

Two Reds Two Pinks One White j may be continued even today way of Christ, for He reorganized

Guaranteed to Bloom This collection up from five among Orthodox Jews although His church at His coming. is made

will corvarieties choice be and named little fact, publicity is given the color. rectly as to preto able been have Since we

particularly is rare, its is now Our use FALLlabeled because CATALOG BULB several sources sent evidence from all i illustrating ready, describing and is, that are proselytes accepted few Tulips, leading varieties Hyacinths, of history, including of Book Mormon r Narcissi, etc. Crocus, the by Jews. that has baptism been showing

lies a weakness in the practiced at least at intervals from I PORTER WALTON CO. Herein

Seedsmen Nurserymen and the connection between Jewish and it is until time, the present Adam Salt Utah Lake the Christian baptism. While Just sign your nameCity, for FREE logical ordithat this to assume CATALOG required baptism immersion Jewish a part of the has been Gosnance J.NameName AddressAddress in water presence of two and the the been has pel whenever Gospel

or three witnesses, the account as on earth and the conclusion is it comes to us shows baptism as reached that there is justice in being performed only upon proseChrist's statement, "Except a man lytes seeking to join their group after Israel as a whole was bapbe born of water and of the spirit tized. However during the cenhe cannot enter into the Kingdom

turies succeeding the reestablishof God,"since ample provision has ment of the law it is conceivable been made for baptism in most that baptism by immersion could eras when the Gospel has been on have been taken from the children earth.

Baseball and Morareof baseballdrawing equipment.blue prints forArchitectsbaseball

parks designed after American mons in England plants.

( Continued from page 600 It is the fastmoving action of baseball that appeals to the Britlands, swelling crowds pass isher. Because of its more deliberthrough the turnstiles. Thousands ate tempo, cricket is losing the

of persons are regularly attending fascination which it once held for games in the Manchester and Livmany Britons. Last year in the

erpool leagues and already the test matches between Australia number of baseball fans in Great and England (the "world series"

Britain is approaching astronomical of cricket) an "Aussie"remained figures. Less than a month after "at bat"for three days. WhereSAVE organized baseball was introduced the American cinema has rejuveyour child's ain gameLondon,in the1000worldfamous"fans"watchedWhite nateddestinedBritishto dodrama,the samebaseballto Anglicanseems

City stadium where the Empire sport.

games are held, between the Edin- W. R. G. Smith, sports editor

eyes.... burgh University and an allstar of the Sunday Express, one of LonLondon team. In the north, the don's large newspapers, expressed

Insufficient light is one of the game is literally sweeping tradithe potentialities of baseball in his greatest causes of poor sight. tionloving Britain. Attendance column:

Infants generally have good crowds are still comparatively "There is nothing more remarkeyes but 60% of all adults small in the London territory, but able in sport this summer than the suffer defective vision. interest is growing. boom in baseball... In the words

Your home should have But pioneers of baseball in Britof one of the men behind the drive, is in tense. likely past to baseball the ain a serispeak become do not right kind enough light—the all for the cricket to are over ous rival plans under Already way light it of where light—and

... I country. the next Last of teams doubling Mr. met week number is needed.

year, and negotiations for an in- H. Holland, an official of England's

Call us for information reternational game with a Paris team National Baseball Association, garding good lighting are being considered. Association who has been sent down from

magnates are looking forward to Liverpool to arouse interest in the the time when international games game in London.... 'The N. B.

will be played with major league A.,'he added, 'is out to establish

teams in America. Already an baseball in England on a level with UTAH POWER & umpire's society has been formed, the other great national sports, and

LIGHT CO. and large English manufacturers to play it under American rules.

are turning out maiden shipments... A strong point in our program

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

is to appeal to and teach the youth papers to describe crowds and emoGospel message. Latterday Saint

of the country. We are giving tion at soccer games. In Blackmissionaries are teaching the youth

lectures in schools in the north and burn, Lancashire, with a population ot Britain baseball. Several M

of 150,000 people, 50,000 specMen clubs throughout the mission tators will watch an important cup have increased their enrollment by

Excerpts from a Letter to match. organizing softball teams. Scores

Gordon Hinckley, Who rTO the Church, baseball in Britofplayersbaseballandfriends,league someofficials,of themare recently returned from ain is proving a powerful inattending both auxiliary and sacEngland, From Wendell strument for breaking down the rament meetings. Scores of peo-

"Buzz"Ashton barriers of prejudice that existed ple in Great Britain are learning for nearly a century and for openthrough baseball that Mormon been runhave NEWSPAPERS of ing the way for many to hear the means "more good."columns ning columns and

copy of late, following the good start which you got them going on.

We are now one of the eight remaining teams from all over Great

Britain in the N. B. A. cup com"petition. Our team in Rochdale is Are your boys and girls

also one of the "last eight."

The cup final with Streatham was a thriller. We won, 5-4, Elder Bybee hurling twohit ball. There embarrassed by pimples?

was a broadcasting system at the game, and Peter Halford, manager Here is a quick and effective way to help them.

team, paid the of Streatham a Urge them to eat three cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast to the "mike"tribute our team from for its sportsmanship and play after daily. This simple natural food gets at the source

called they on the game, and then

It quite a of this trouble. It clears the blood, the irritating to respond. was me

thrill. poisons, and increases the resistance of

Incidentally, when the brethren the skin to the infection that causes pimgo to bat, they are announced as "Brother Ellis"or "Elder Baddley."ples.

Stan Smith was here last week and played in an exhibition. The

Sunday Express, with 2,000,000 circulation, ran his picture along with that of Harris. The cutline Start them

read: "Elder Stan Smith, crack

player baseball of South Africa, is eating it today visiting in London."

have arranged to do so shortly in

East London'."

Brochures explaining the rules of baseball which are distributed to spactators, broadcasting systems at the games, and schools for potential players are the principal means through which the British public is being educated to the new sport.

If American baseball continues to "take"in Great Britain, its popularity in its adopted country may some day outstrip that which it enjoys in the land from which it sprang. No one will doubt that

England is the most sportloving OGDEN nation in the world. While in

America sports make the front PRICE page seldom more often than at

World Series or Rose Bowl time, PAYSONalmost every day accounts of athletic contests are relegated to the premier page of English journals. NEPHI

Literary lights like Beverly Nichols who shed most of their talented radiance on the fields of novel and DESERET MORTUARY CO.drama are hired by London news645

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

There is something different rf\ aboutwhen itthetakesLatterdaythe field inSaintthe Westteam Good Snapshots is league. London There no smokdeserve the ing. There is not customary

tea drinking after the before and game. is clean. The language A Good Finishing

spirit of harmony and good will Taking pictures right is only pervades the team. half of it... they've got to be

It is an impressive picture to see finished right, too, if they're to a group of English youths flock look their best.

around an elder after the game, People like our developing and some asking for an autograph and printing service because we some for only a word or a smile. bring out all the detail and

There is a thrill when the anbeauty of every snapshot...

extra quality to the prints add grandto your hit that say, She is stand:nouncer broadcasts"That beautiful "I your friends makes was

a Latterday like Saint missionary."tures these."Tending the made by Blaine F. Bybee, of Utah, didn't know you could take picthere is another And thrill when time, Next after you've done

Furnace! oneed byreadsthe onN. aB.largeA. forplacard,advertisingprintbringyour halfin yourtowardfilmsgoodand letpictures,us do

a game, the words: "Latterday the rest.

You, too, can escape Saints vs. Putney."Missionaries

drudgery and banish have already won a definite reputasmoke and dirt tion for their good sportsmanship.

with Players on the London team, all of whom are elders, include:

Automatic 1376Lindsay,SierraJulianAvenue,Kay San(outfield),Jose, California. KoMINC Milne, Erastus Jay (outfield), STORES

Whittier State School, Whittier, California. GAS Baddley, Ralph E. (outfield), HEAT 565 Emerson Avenue, Salt Lake

Natural Gas heat brings City, Utah, you complete freedom Ashton, Wendell J. (manager

pitcher), and 2185 South drudgery furnace from 21st East 'ClearN

Salt City, Lake Utah. uniform St., maintains a

Skidmore, (utility Creek, Rex A., all healthful warmth

555 Seventh Salt Avenue, in- V coal / is field, house. It through the

regulated automatically. Lake City, Utah.

There's just nothing for Coulam, Ormond S. (first baseyou to do except adjust a man), 1145 Laird Avenue, Salt thermostat to give you Lake City, Utah. Old Standby

the degree of warmth you Fall brings a nip to the air that heralds want! approaching winter.... Your fuel

It's economical, too. Over Lights dollarthe oldgoesstandbyfartherfor withthreeCASTLEgenerations,GATE,or

a threeyear period many By Bess Foster Smith CLEAR CREEK, the long flame Utah Salt Lake homes averCoal.

aged only $6 or $7 a DROADWAY'S lights for actors, ECONOMY—COMFORT

month for Gas heat, nine "—'Circus'lights clowns, CLEANLINESS

months'heating per year. Moon light's for lovers, Call your Dealer today

Strolling through the towns.

Come in for further CO. FUEL UTAH

Salt details! Firelight'sSunlight's forfor theold child,folk, Lake

Far above exiled. MOUNTAIN FUEL Beacon light's for fliers, City, Utah

SUPPLY COMPANY LightSomeone'sin thesickwindowabed, Wasatch 1300 RedCandleslight'sfor forthe danger,dead. mm

36 South State But I love the star light, Coal

Salt Lake City, Utah Always, always, will Star light—and northern lights,

Seen from a hill.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 19 3b

Smart, Max Neff (captain and third baseman), 387 North First The Utah High TAYLOR &,East, Provo, Utah.

Adams, Lane Webster (outSchool of Beauty COMPANY is the time to think offield), 1424 Federal Way, Salt Culture This

City, Utah.Lake 121 STREET MAIN SOUTH Pins. Rings School and We Floor 2nd F. (pitcher and Blaine Bybee, these furnish with you that a profession would you can make 1, Learn Clearfield,outfield), Rt. No.

life. for rest of your the independent articles. of deRefinement

Utah. for Catalog. Write us sign and quality makes

Mail This Harmsen, Eargle C. (pitcher), Manufacoutstanding Coupon an

353 North 15th Street, Phoenix, Name turer.

Arizona. Address

Ellis, Frank Edson (shortstop), City 162 So. Main St.

Utah. Avenue, Binford Ogden,845 5123 Phone Was.

room and board to We can provide (outfield), R. Frederick Glade, students out of town City, Salt Lake Utah

2610 Highland Drive, Salt Lake

City, Utah.

Harris, A. Fogg ( catcher ), 1 724

East 27th South, Salt Lake City,

Utah.

Nicholson, Angus I. (second

base), 357 Eighth Avenue, Salt UTAHLake City, Utah.

Many of these players are well known in baseball circles at home.Elder Bybee performed for Ogden BEET SUGAR

in State League; the Utah Elder UTAH'S FOREMOST AGRICULTURALEllis experience in the Ogden had

Commercial League, and Elder ASSET

Smart won a reputation on the sandlots of Provo. Elder Harmsen is a former Arizona State Deserves the Support of Every Loyal Utahn

league player.

labor in the elders of these Most is none Insist on it from your grocer—There ofBritish Mission European and

fices. Baseball does not occupy better

a great deal of their time by any means. Practice comes only Tues- "Flavor with sugar and you flavor withday and Thursday, two hours each

day, and games are played on health"

Saturdays. In addition to their

office work, all of these elders conduct regular street meetings and | ii—1|—1|—1|!!——II—UH—11-—tl—ll nu i—hIH—If—ll—-II——||——p—llH—H—11—II*

attend to branch meetings and!

duties. other newspapers Excerpts from tenor of [ c/or Jjaslness ana favorable thebespeak

Press attitude in Scotland and

London: arposes.... "... Unemployed men in Glas- | Social 1

gow are becoming enthusiastic baseball players. A number of If you can't be there in person, the most

recently formedteams have been in young Mor- I satisfactory substitute in business or social Whiteinch by seven mon missionaries."Daily Ex- r communication is at your hand

press (with a circulation of more million subscribers). than one

Saturday the Cubs met the j YOUR TELEPHONE "On

Latterday Saints team at Strea- j already tham. had Sox The run I It takes you there in a flash finish, to the latter a close team

but the Cubs found themselves facing something different, for the \ home team produced a new pitcher I MOUNTAIN STATES j and played much better baseball. I TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH COMPANY I

The result was that the Cubs! crashed at the small end of an 18-1 hj| i in ii.—tiu-i ji i i it ii Min in—II—ii "ii ii!! n—n- "-ii iin- || iti ii-. ii!- -n——h—n—ry

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

score..."Harrow Observer and baseball game and major league

cricket of were played match London.Gazette during THE NATIONAL afternoon in Rochdale, In the League, the the same Manchester

M Men of the Rochdale branch and the American game outdrew CASH REGISTER have more recently entered a team, the sport which has been a summer COMPANYcomposed of missionaries, British favorite in the town for decades.

Saints and friends. As many as Editorial office doors in the north CashkeepingRegisters,Machines,TypewritingBook-Analysis Ma-

3,000 spectators watch them play of England that were locked to chines, Posting Machines, Bank some of their games. Recently a Mormon missionaries seeking "fair Bookkeeping Machines, Checkplay"have been opened through Writing and Signing Machines,

baseball. Postage Meter Machines, Correct

PostureChairs, Supplies and Service.

increased cusof the friends and INDICATIVE QUR Agent H. V. KUHN—Sales friendship of the toward Press 132134 2nd South East all the tomers from

the Church was a recent incident Salt Lake City, Utah intermountain country, at the time of the Manchester Diswho are coming to contrict conference. Elders took a

paid advertisement on the conferference, are cordially inence to the Rochdale Observer. A

vited to our store. conference notice was published,

but the money was refused. Columns and columns of articles and LEADERSHIP liKllIll pictures have been published on FURNITURE CO. the missionaries'excellent play for FOR NINE YEARS

1050 E 21st South, Sugar House the Rochdale city team, previously

Salt Lake City, Utah known as the Rochdale Greys, but since changed (through the efforts ofM Mr.Men.Holland) to the Rochdale

Here is what the Sunday Chronicle, with a circulation of one million subscribers, said about the

Rochdale elders:

"With the inclusion of their new players, Rochdale Greys won their first league match—against Bel Vue Tigers—and then overran Hurst Hawks in a Cuptie. The

Greys are now a formidable combination in which are six Americans and a Canadian. Further, g &m

are allamateur team. they an

are "All the Americans Mormon STOKERfflRTIC elders at local churches, and their average age is 20, Merriott For nine years Stokermatic also an elder attached to the MorAutomatic Coal Burners mon Church at Hyde—is on the have been operating quietly,

Grasshopper list. efficiently, to save their

"These young Americans, keen owners up to 60% of fuel athletes all, are over in this country costs. Now you can enjoy

for two years, after which they the advantages of Stokerwill return, either to college or take matic comfort and low cost up vocations in the United States. operation while you pay for

They are delighted that baseball it out of income. Write to- ($3.00 Value) has come to Lancashire, for it has day and learn for yourself With coupon

24 lb. and of made them feel more at home!"how economically you can\in each48 lb. bag

The same newspaper said this enjoy this better method of in an article the following week: home heating.

PIKES PEAK "Great satisfaction has been caused THE STOKERMATIC

Flour atdaletheGreysrapidityhavewithestablishedwhich Rochtheir COMPANY

A product of organization and at the good pubGRAY & MURDOCK

HUSLER FLOUR lican supportarea wherethe clubevenhas Associationreceived in MANUFACTURING CO.

MILLS and Rugby football clubs have not 1415 South State Street of been without anxiety in ensuring Salt Lake City, Utah

Salt Lake City an adequate following.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

in far greater find will something the backelders are "Mormon YOU find in books. will than the you woods the side, and of the Grey's bone

that will trees which teach you Stones and CONFERENCE club will miss the services of one you will never learn from masters. of them, Elbert Startup, who has—St. Bernard. VISIIORS returned to the United States.

We cordially invite you to visit He was one of the first members club, proved an excelstore. Special courtesies exof and the i our ONLY DOWN H fieldsman."lent base second to missionaries. tended Remington buys a new Members of the Rochdale team, Shapiro Trunk & all of whom are elders or prosinclude: Men, M TYPEWRITER or a used Not rebuilt machine. Startup (second Elbert H. Bag Co. pectiveElder brand regulation new A Remto oplarge 152 Main Street Salt Lake City base), 345 South First West St., ingtonerate. FullPortable.set of keysSimplewith

small Provo, and Utah. case Carrying in Dealer Largest Utah's

it included. Useletters. days 10 free.You (pitcher), Philip Elder J. Badger get for only down. $4 Goods and Leather Luggage

I can portget thishow allme new Street, Lincoln Salt Lake 995 1 trial free offer 0-day City, Writeable typewritertoday. Say:on Tell for onlv

down. Remington Utah. $4

St., 42nd New York,Rand,N. Y.Inc. Dept. 29310 205 East Elder James W. Calderwood

(pitcher and second base), 78

(shortKeith L. Elder Freeman Christmas North First East St., Logan, Utah. GRAINS

City, stop), Brigham Utah of COLD (Earna er),Elder1426L.GilmerDean HickmanDrive, Salt(catchLakeOur 1935 line is now ready for your City, Utah. Wholesome nrnrii HOLEWHEAT ULritAL selectedwell a largeinspection. We have (outMerriot Elder Woodrow to choose cards for you Christmasstock of DELICIOUS DISH THE field), Avenue, 2513 Jackson Og- A priced. reasonably are they andfrom, ENTIRE WILL FAMILY den, Utah. ENJOY Brother Frank Kelsh (Mantrade. for western made

will supply grocer CpEMBROKE'S ager), Rochdale, Lancashire. WesternYour local

24 East Broadway Jack Duckworth ( outfield ) you.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Rochdale, Lancashire. GRAINS OF GOLD CO.

Fred Sandiford (third base), Salt Lake

Rochdale, Lancashire.

Jack Jeffers (utility), Rochdale,

Lancashire.

James Martin (outfield), RochCOMPLETE dale, Lancashire.

Fred Bertwistle (first base), BANKING SERVICE Lancashire. Rochdale,

Clifford Burrows ( shortstop ) Thein businessgeneralfindsforwardthis strongmovementconRochdale, Lancashire. servativeits clients bankin everycooperatingpossible way.with

Tom Hurst (third base), RochOur complete service includes dale, Lancashire. commercialtrusts, abstractsand savingsand safeaccounts,deposit

Jack Johnson (outfield), Rochboxes.

dale, Lancashire. SAVINGS &

Smith (catcher), J. William CO. TRUST UTAH Lancashire. Burnley, 235 South Main Street

TASTES BETTER ber),FrankRochdale,MarshallLancashire.( honorary memMemberMemberFederalFederalDepositReserveInsuranceSystemFund

BECAUSE That is the story of pioneering

IT IS BETTER anis theAmericanstory ofsportthe importantin Britain. partIt

Day after day through the Latterday Saint missionaries are THE UTAH PHOTO in playing introducing to baseball its of uniform years CO. MATERIALS the in United Kingdom, and how Milk high becausequality—Arden collection invite their to is see the you turn introducing game MorIt leader. the has become of Photographs. Utah to Britons. of monism hundreds is truly Most "Nature's specialize in Copying, EnWe m Finishing. Perfect larging 26 Food"and Kodak letter from President A RECENT in Busithe Photographic years

PHONE Joseph J. Cannon carries the ness in Salt Lake City.

ARDEN DAIRY baseballnews thatteamtheof LatterdayLondon, wonSaintthe Conference Visitors for Home Delivery or British National Baseball ChamSee us for your Kodak Supplies and ask for it at your Grocer pionship, the final score in the final Finishing.mail orders. Prompt attention given to

Salt Lake City—Cedar City game being 7 to Ogden—Pocatello Latterday Saints.1 inThefavorteamof there27 WestOppositeSo. TempleTemple SaltSquareLake City

ceived the national baseball cup.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

A Silver Girdle UTAHIDAHO (Continued from page 605)

Glade's SCHOOL SUPPLY "Daddy, he couldn't take it away from CHOCOLATES CO. us, could—-andcould he?"he might do "He

if establish just the that I don't

I for AND BARS SCHOOL,AND THEATREOFFICE,FURNITURECHURCH fact that gave ranch you that SCHOOL AND that simple OFFICE the reason pure and Crave You Good When SUPPLIES it, heels."fell over for head you For Glade's Candy Ask TEXT DEPOSITORY BOOK that so hard?""Will be

for and School"Office proof, yes.""Without good Glade Candy Co. "Everything witness?"a "Haven't you got 155157 State St. South

Salt Lake City, Utah asked Dadai tremulously hopeful

Salt Lake City, Utah in spite of her firm resolution to abide by everything western from chaps to caterpillars.

"Now M o t h e r!"exclaimed

Eileen. "I didn't say a word to Mac be61 SOUTH MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH fore I left last fall. We were

"HEADQUARTERS FOR M. I. A. FESTIVITY MUSIC"busywinter discussingand some calvesplans thatfor hadthe

SEASON OF 193536 come in too late to dispose of."

FEMALE: Adoree. Mac?"asked "Who's

.15 Nature 1. God (Tschaikowsky) net Of AH forethe ranch "Greg McClain, 2..08 Morning (Massenet) Song net

3. Rapturous Hour (Hahn) 15 man. He looks after the place and

MALE: keeps his eye on the range and the

1. In Absence (Buck) 12 stock. I didn't think it would make

2. I Love Life (Mana Zucca) 12 any difference to him whether he

3. Lift Thine Eyes (Logan) 15 knew I had promised the property

MIXED: 1. I Dream of Jeanie (Foster) 15 to Eileen or not."

2. Send Forth Thy Spirit (Schuetky) net.15 "It surely made a difference to

3. Mountains (Rasbach) 16 me, Daddy. You made me the

4. Motet, 3rd Movement (Brahms) 16 proudest girl in the world. Ever

5. O Lord Send The Fire from "Program Chorus Book"since you gave (Cain) net. 40

of it thought as myit ranch.to me, LastI've DANCE: CONTEST

1. Roll Along Prairie Moon net.35 winter, I invited Wayne to drive

2. When I Grow Too Old To Dream net.35 out this summer and bring Bird and

will Note all settlement. the orders pay postage complete with accompanied on it's different course, Jeanne. Of

discount:—Weof will net, in lots be allowed items on any A 10% not marked

... get the they wouldn't copies titles more single of 10 or now assorted. or

same thrill that they would have when it was just a dude."Eileen

looked a bit wistful in spite of herself. FOR YOUR NEW HOME

Do You Want prove it's rlERE'Syours, Eileen;hopingso I thatcan

you can ask them some other time.

Weatherstrip built in the frame But I didn't have the deed made

A saving of fuel costs out or the abstract brought up to

Elimination of rattle date until just before the crash. I

Real dust protection had no idea that everything would

No window sticking be lost, and I certainly didn't realize that turning Timber Toes over to

If so use the coupon to ask for a booklet on you would be the means of saving it."

Toes! That name!""Timber SILENTITE FRAMES & WINDOWS exclaimed Adoree.

"Don't you know a good name MorrisonMerrill & Co., when you hear it, Mother? That's Salt Lake City, Utah. Please send me information on MORRISON picturesque. And you'll see why

SILENTITE it that I called when we come to DOWS.

Eileen. defended FRAMES AND WINMERRILL & CO. it,"

(Name) Distributors "How I'm going to prove my intentions, I don't know,"said Tom.

(Address) "Daddy! I have it!"shouted

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

Eileen with an exultant gleam. form, and holding a broadbrim-

"Do you remember that old Chinamed felt hat with three dents in man we passed last summer in the the crown. "See you at Rainbow Erectyour loveda memorialone whofor

canyon leading down from the Lake on the first of June, Baring,'has gone before

Granddaddies when we were on Morley was saying. Granite$350.Memorials,World'sMarkers,Best GenuineTombstones.MarbleFreightand

paid anywhere. Erected complete in

guaranteed.our fishing trip?""Rainbow Lake—can he mean desired. Do 35% savings cemeteryNOT payif

elsewhere. assured more Complete by thought Lake?"Rainbow my "Who?"

for of our Guarantee. AmerWrite Bond satisfactionTODAY at a Eileen, the situation taking in ica's beautiful "You know, Daddy. You told Catalog, while you most Monument

it on STATEShim you were going to make an glance. A green uniform, the pine haveUNITED your mind.MARBLEIt is FREE.& GRANITE CO.

Indian out of me."tree badge, the office of the Uinta Dept. B 51, ONECO, FLORIDA

"Oh yes,"said Tom, as the light national forest supervisor. Indawned, "Ming Low. I do restantly she pictured the one and

member!"only Rainbow Lake in the world to

"These fantastic people! Chinaher, a lovely sheet of water lying NEW FOR HEADQUARTERS trails leadmen, the cross which next! Who's where Indians—what SAINTS LATTERDAY the in lakebasins different to the Low?"asked Adoree.Ming GARMENTS

is naglance scinUintas. "He A dazzling TO FACTORY FROM YOU colorful—purebred,

tive Solicit tillated Orders Mongolian. Your Mail her blue eyes. Can't speak Engfrom We

lish, but understands it; talks Injun But, even though there was also No. 88. Lt. Wt. Men's and Ladies'

like a born papoose. He runs the but one Rainbow Lake for Brent No. 89. Med.New StyleWt. Men's and Ladies'- $.65

trading post on the Uinta ReserBaring, there was no sparkle in No. 80. HeavyNew StyleWt. Men's Double Back 1.101.35

vation. I do remember, Eileen, Eileen's eyes for him. His own No. 81. Heavy Wt. Old Style Double

now you mention it. He'll testify!"were steel gray and almost that No. 87. Lt.BackWt. Old and New Styles 1.5085

"To what? That Eileen's an cold, or so thought Eileen, as he No. 85. Veryments Special—GuaranteedNonRun—NotGarto

Indian?"walked straight past her. Run Rayon Special 1.10

"No! That I promised her the Of course.. he doesn't know, No. 84. Med.dies'NewLt. Wt.Style,Men'sDoubleandCombLa-

85 Yarn, Fine Extra ed chin she her as up wentranch—and that I did it last sumbut

bust, your trunk ordering, Specify whenmer."again, thought, meet may "We style, old or and length, whether and new

"That was the day that I pulled Mister Forest Ranger."This time jf men's or ladies'. We Pay Postage

the sixpounder out of Wall Lake, her eyes glinted. Anywhere in the United States.

of was so proudMummie. coyote,"said Daddy you old "Tom, MOSE14 SO. MAINLEWISST. everything so, heme and I loved Morley, grasping Reynolds'hand.

CITY, UTAH SALT LAKE ranch. thepromised this me are out here And then you doing "What

this seeing mention Ad in this old Lowie and in Mingwe passed time o'a Please year?"he drawled Magazine

he was so tickled to see Daddy, leisurely twang. There was warmth

Daddy broke down for once in his enough in Morley's greeting to life and let out his plans and told thaw an iceberg. The atmosphere

him I was going native because expanded; Eileen was proud of Autumn!he'd just a ranch given me her father. all my—the ideal season to in jabberedown. Mingie away She went out to ask her mother

half half Indian Chinese and and to and Jimmie come in, while Tom Paint Up have thatyou'd both thought he his plans. explained

and Dad could understand everyMorley was dumbfounded that AND thing the other said."Tom had hit rock bottom with his "You can just bet he understood finances, but he said he'd certainly Clean Up

enough to testify! And Ming hit on a capital idea to defeat the For best results use

Low's word's as solid as Gibraltar."depression. And would he be

"I suggest you get an interpreter pleased to meet the wife. He'd allest it be too solid,"said Adoree. ways wanted to know her. BENNETTS

"Gibraltar's no pebble."Adoree came in with Eileen,

petite, dainty, immaculate; her red f J?ropprtu>

lovely eyes stundark hair and had been waiting lOM

Jnsurancpy set off by her woodbrown in plain ninglyfor some time Morley's little office. The supervisor of the traveling costume. Pirn was snugUinta forest was busy. Eileen had gled in one arm, his tail wagging

despite gentle the telljust in to her come him that pressure she Paint Products to bear on it. halfmother the brought than more knew and

citizens of Provo by sight; she'd "I'm right proud to meet you,

seen them pass down University Mrs. Reynolds, I been hankerin'fer Cleansers and

Avenue in full review, and she was this pleasure a long time,"said bored. Morley, his cheery grin showing a Polishes

Just then Morley appeared in the row of gnarled teeth. But he There's one for every household

doorway of the inner office, slight, couldn't quite control the surprise need ruddy, grizzled, and with a merry that assailed him. "And so you're BENNETT GLASS & PAINT CO.

twinkle in his eyes. He was pregoing camping?"Salt Lake City

the Intermountainceded by a very tall and straight Adoree's eyes narrowed. "My Dealers throughoutStates

young man, wearing a green unihusband says we are."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER 9 3 b

"I've noticed your husband usuThey transferred their belongally do. does says he'll what to a whitetop, he ings car from their BE INDEPENDENT great in got a He's scheme. I wish as large a supply packed and No Other Vocation So Profitable!

luck."you for. of as groceries room there was ENROLL NOW whistled Morley unDadai, helped always he "Whew!"Tom at the For a Complete Course

der his breath as they left. "Tom called Adoree that, to climb up to

Quish School of Beauty Culture needs a horse roper and he's got a the front seat, her first experience is she in setting foot on the iron step of The Best in the West wood nymph. And what

going to do with that pinnyfaced, a spring wagon.. She gasped and 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH goggleeyed abbreviation of a held her breath before she finally

For Further Information dog!"He turned to talk to a group reached the seat, but once there,

and Catalog Call of men from the fish and game Tom tucked her in in a big blanket

Wasatch 7560 or department who were planning to and told her he was glad Adams

Fill in This test some Uinta lake waters for hadn't spotted the fur coat she was

Coupon planting trout at an altitude of wearing. Eileen and Jimmie had

eleven thousand feet. no such difficulties. They stowed

away against the side of a tarEarly the next morning the Reypaulin covering a pile of blankets noldses retraced their journey that was stacked on the second through Parley's Canyon. As they seat; and Tom took up the reins.

just the be able to make dark,"he said.WHEN YOU ORDER YOUR crossedthe snowthewassummitbankedof thein pilescanyonat house"We'llby "We

the side of the road, the last remcould do it in an hour in the car."

nant of the snowplow's winter They ate their lunch without ( ffleooLYLCj work. getting out of the wagon, though

"We may have some trouble in'the rocks were dry at the side of nnoayicemeyitsYlh altitudereaching therethe isranchhouse.not quite as highThe thehungry.river. TheEvenclear Adoreethin atmoswas

as it is here, but it's close to seven phere had sharpened her appetite.

or invitation, remember thousand feet. But this is a main The road gradually ascends a

that we can furnish you highway and the road is kept open long and narrow valley between the year round. Our house is at two rows of mountains, giant feelwith the latest and the upper end of a long valley, and ers, thrust forward by the Uintas

smartest i n wedding it's miles off the highway,"said in their last stand to the west.

Tom. Between these mountains the

stationery. A wide "What will we do? We can get Weber River glides gently down.

selection of beautiful there in the car, can't we?"asked Edging its banks a number of sumup-todate type faces Adoree anxiously. mer homes and small ranches dot

"I'm afraid not. How'd you like the river lands.

enable us to produce for to scoot up there on a pair of skis Nestled at the base of Reid's you announcements or or snowshoes?"Peak, and heading this long valley,

"Tom! What next?"lies Timber Toes. It stretches far invitations of distinction "Lots of things you've never away to the north of the river and

and individuality. Prices thought of before,"he laughed. west of the peak, covering over a

most reasonable. "But, we'll probably leave the car thousand acres of mountainous,

at Oakley and get a team to take but good grazing land. Reid's

us up in a wagon."Peak is but one of those towering

"How primitive,"sighed Adoree. isolated summits which silhouette

"Oh, for fun!"said Jimmie. the western end of the Uintas.

"What a lark!"said Eileen, "I Mount Baldy's huge dome scoops

wish Wayne could have come with out a great round piece from the us now."sky to the southeast.

I had to Baldy's eastern face rises almostMAIL ORDERS RECEIVE "If Wayne were all

PROMPT, CAREFUL muchhanker withfor, longing,"I'd not beteasedbotheredher perpendicularlybut it dips a wellforestedto a naked andsummit,less

ATTENTION father. precipitous base into the lapping

waters of Mirror Lake.

they at arrived These mountains barrier raise a WHENtlW Oakley they the which shuts did find road imout all access from the passable to cars. The season was upper end of the valley of the

late and the melting snow was too Weber except by horseback, or slushy for safety over the narrow shank's ponies. A steep ridge PRINTERS—BINDERS1

RULERS ungraded road they had to tradivides Timber Toes and Mirror verse. Jimmie had always called Lake. Numerous canyons and

29 Richards Street it his giant coaster. "The downer ravines crisscross at all angles to

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH parts were as steep as the upper,"make the climb from the valley to he said. the lake more difficult for both

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935 pack and saddle horses, but this sion in New York. Won't you fill Mac was effusive in his greetis the trail that Tom intended to the first niche with happiness?"ings. He was a great, spare felfollow about the first of June. "Mother, wait until you see the low, fearless as all getout. "By

"Now, Mother, now you can see chintz chair in the inglenook cracky, I'm glad to see you, Mr.

why I called the ranch Timber the fireplace is just ducky,"beamed Reynolds. Shake the old pumpToes,"exclaimed Eileen as they Eileen. handle!"

neared the lower boundary of their "Wait until you see my birdBuxom Mrs. McClain's simple

land at long last. houses. Jeddie Mac helped me warmth seemed tremendously genmake 'em,"exclaimed Jimmie. uine to Adoree, who was worn,

XHE line of mountains The dogs came bounding down weary, and as nervous as a chipto the south of them was noticeably the driveway. Dadai hugged Pirn; munk. Mrs. Mac's open face

higher here. They were densely Tom shouted, "Hello there, revealed true goodness in every

wooded with dark, shaggy spruce Chance! Spot! Hello there, old line. Dadai had never seen a

trees except at their base where fellows!"He was almost as noisy woman like her before.

they gave way to clumps of young as they were. When Mrs. McClain saw this

aspens. There was no delicate

contrastgreen to the with dark - their of the spruce but now,mass WU RUN no nts/cs bare gray outline was in even greater contrast than when Eileen WITHMM BOSSING THE JOB/ had first seen them in the summer time. The aspens huddled together, scalloping the foot of the

mountains like the toes of a giant animal, five rounded projections here, and five there, all of them sliding down the bottom of the slope and chucking into the valley.

"See, see that great mass of spruce. That's my old mastodon;

in the summer time his feet are shod in green—that's why I called my

ranch Timber Toes, Mother."

"Very interesting, my dear, but

I hope we'll soon be getting to the house that protects you from such monsters of the forest."

"We'll be there in a jiffy, Mummie. I can't wait to show it to

you;"Jimmie was triumphant, he

was so happy to be approaching the cabin. Shellubrication is thorough in

They drove on, however, evensmallerare lubricatedmatters,withtoo.a Doorspecialcatchesstaintually crossing the river for the less grease. Tires are not only

last time. Jimmy hadn't realized inflated correctly—but examined

car require may as many ofthat distance a matter for be glass. rocks may battery and Your YOUR

as different special eleven luis filled not testedtime. only but—north. and they headed Now oil at bricants—need grease or carefully well. as cleaned, There, against the mountain, thirty points. or more

Shellubrication is as Yet lowinterlacingwith bare of branches the Using Shellubricafamous as priced inthe average 'em "run ghostlycottonwoods aspens and tion Chekprocedure, Chart not run 'em out"itcrowding against a background those points possibly one can of grease job.

of spruce stood the house, white in be forgotten! Get the facts

the deepening twilight. And Shell men follow to the letabout it from

As they drew nearer Mrs. Reyter the recommendations of the the Shell stanolds saw that it was made of split, men who created your car. Every tion near

barked pine. Weathering had vital spot is properly lubricated. your home.

until the polishedmellowed wood

YOURS it glistened. Blue FOR It's a riot—Don Bloodgood's cartoon map smoke was curl10*

ing from the rough rock chimneys. IN STAMPS "THE SAN DIEGO EXPOSITION"

"Warmth! And light, Dadai! Exposition—It took 200 hoursenoughto informationdraw this amusingand humormap toofkeepthe

you friends and your for over nights!That's remust Mac! have He the the On a mapporingof region, San itDiego back—

letter.ceived bordered historical by 6 paintings. and his faminches 32 my He x

; inches 22 lithographed in 5 colors. in off quartersily have a cottage OIL 1 Francisco, SHELL San E- Dept. COMPANY,

For the enclosedto the of south the house. darOh postpaid Exposition 10 mapcents describedin stamps,abovepleaseto:mail

it'sling, home, our now. We'll

Name Citybuild ourselves this into place as Address State never could in our gildedwe man653

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

fragile creature she was a thoudown here and get herself toasted sand times thankful she had come by the fire while I set out your over to get supper for Mr. Reybite,"said Mrs. McClain, hardly Welcome nolds and his family. "Poor darlin'realizing she was talking to the

don't fit,"she summed up mistress of this eagle's nest. i CONFERENCE VISITORS—she

TO OUR BOOTH AT in her mind. "But Miss Eileen's "Dadai, come upstairs first. I

THE STATE FAIR friskier'n ever. It's shore sweet t'want you to see our room!"said

Let Us Solve Your Roofing see her agin."her husband.

Problems Jed had already captured JimUtah's Only Manufacturers mie to tell him about the early climbshe WEARILY Roofing of Asphalt colts. staircase of polished ed the circular

AMERICAN ASPHALT "By George, it's good of you to hickory, running up from the great come over, Mrs. McClain. It's living room. Eileen was standing

ROOF CORP. like old times, seeing you here,"at the top of the stairs. "Isn't it

2663—1674 ne Beck St. Was. just too Mother! woodsy, Did you said Tom. in 'Made Salt Lake City"be cabin could a mountain dream "Mrs. Reynolds can sit right J

like this; water, light, bathroom,

and these adorable bedrooms.

But, daddy, the water won't turn on. "Of course not, silly. Would A LITTLE LIGHT you want the pipes to freeze in

A little light on your insurance will undoubtthe winter? We'll have to carry

edly reveal the fact that you are greatly underplumbingthe waterfixed.in until we get the

insured. Think what it would mean if fire "But come in here sweetheart,"

destroyed your property. added Tom, putting his arm

around his wife. "Look!"

tired poor, could Dadai that sprang the joy UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. notEvenwithhold

See our agent in your town tobedroom.her heartColonialwhen bed,she sawdressingher

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City chintzcoveredtable to match,chairs,early ragAmericanrugs,

and wide windows that looked off

NEW GLASSES START EAQH WEEK totains,the andsouthto towardsthe westhighovermounmiles

A Business Course Brings the Quickest and Best Results and miles of gradually lowering hills until they in turn were shut off by the glistening, snowcapped chain of the Wasatch.

"Oh Tom..."Dadai began

to cry, but she smiled through her tears. "You will learn to like it, won't you dear!"said Tom.

A scrumptious supper of fresh young mutton and beaten biscuit was the next steppingstone to Dadai's still questionable happiness in this strange, mountain region.

"I've never tasted meat like this,"she said, weighing its flavor in her mouth with delight. "It's delicious! And such biscuits!"

Florella McClain beamed.

PAUL TALMAGE HUGH SCHOOLEY in unnecessary time, securing a practical spend and money, education? Obtain Why one Eileen could hardly real results. courses will are that bring you give you short, and the proper foundation Our

for a successful future. Make up your mind now to prepare for a good position. wait for morning to try Nitana,

initial their received Mr. Schooley, Talmage, Mr. and training at Henager's Business her own thoroughbred, a beautiful College, reporters. positions responsible holding as court and are now

subjects, courses including are given in all commercial Complete advanced accounting, mahoganycoated mare with a secretarial courses. court reporting banking, coaching work, and special

Positions are available for graduates. We have received 247 calls for office help so far white star on her forehead. She

filled this all not the positions open. have year, and

call for catalogue, 'phone, Write, or which is sent without obligation. Visitors welcome had just enough farm strain to

anytime. Please mention Era in writing. temper her high spirits and keep

HENAGER45 E. Broadway BUSINESSD. B. Moench, Mgr. COLLEGEWas. 2753 intelligenther from beingand bredskittish.to theShealtitudewas

"The School with a National Reputation and 6 World Records"and to mountain climbing. Nitana

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

whinnied as Eileen opened the "Miss Reynolds, sir,"she said. "Wouldn't you like to know?"

door of the shed. At sight of her Again, the light in Eileen's eyes "Wh—wh—what? Do you read

the night before she had nickered deepened as she smiled. minds?"

long and low, and had rubbed her But the ranger's were still steel- "No. I read signs. And I vennose against her mistress's shoulder. cold. The only thing that kept his

Now, as Eileen patted her arched bow from being actually curt, as he neck, she wrinkled her nose and acknowledged her friendliness, was bared her teeth to take the apple, the faintest infusion of recognition. ENGRAVINGSpurchased specially for the pet. And then a series of mental quesEileen, willowsupple, flung hertions tumbled over themselves in

Co. Salt Engraving Lake in haste: the Sam- "Whereself into the saddle. She was their 2475 Was. Regent

... that 158 that girl I seen hill have Salt City, Utah for protection St.Lakedressed warmly

... those blue eyes?"against the cold, as she was planyellow hair

ning to follow the tributary stream that came down the ravine back of the house. THE "Y"STANDS FOR YOUNG

Her mother gasped as she saw ALSO FOR "YOU"AND "YOURS"her ride off alone in the deep snow.

A mile from the house, Nitana clambered over a fallen tree, picked her way around an enormous glacial boulder, and lowered to the streambed. The water was flowing back against the white curve

of the banks. The snow scattered

as the mare lifted her feet, but suddenly Eileen heard other crunching crystals. Instantly she

was all eyes. There, through the

bare branches of the trees she saw another horse, but no rider.

She knew the only men on the Undoubtedly you are interested in that which is yours—-your Sons and Daughters.

their set to feet upon the highroad to an educated Manhood opportunity Your father. withranch her out were

is at hand. Womanhood

bridle, in the taut and andShe drew 20 Fall Quarter: September 30 to December

alert.

Just then, so close to a fallen log that was jutting into the stream, she could hardly distinguish him, she saw someone in an BRIGHMOUIIG linHYolivedrab overcoat. On his head

was a tridented felt hat.

"Hello, there,"called Eileen, startled. "Aren't you out of

bounds?"SK FOR THiS LABEL

"I think said not, Miss,"the stranger, his hat. touching With iN THE NECK of EVERY fe

his other hand, he braced himself APPROVED GARMENT log,against the half turning, and scrambled up the bank.

"Oh,"said Eileen, and stopped short. She was looking into a

pair of steelgray eyes. "This

isn't the place,"she barely breathed, as she observed the green uniform the under D. coat. "It O. was INJURES qUAUTY, atto have been Lake,"Rainbow

she whispered lips. to herself with moFINE WORKMAN S Hi Ptionless

"I beg your pardon,"she said, i.II

"Ialoud, thought be AND A PERFECT Fit you might trespassing-—this happens to be Sold by Your Local Merchants.my land."

Manufactured by OgdenUtah Knitting Company.

"Not trespassing, but."looking Ogden, Utah.for trespassers, Miss—

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

ture to say that under that overcoat of yours, directly over your heart,

Smelting American & Refining Co. youcarvedwearpinea treebadgeon it."with a cameoSeventh Building Floor McCornick SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH "Right you are, Miss—Gypsy—Reynolds,''he said with more PURCHASERS OF daring than he knew he possessed

Gold, Silver, Lead and Copper Ore and Smelter Products in the presence of any girl, and

Consign all ore shipments to: with an ounce of agreeability in

American Smelting and Refining Company spite of himself. "I'm Baring,

Ship Lead Ores to Murray Plant, Murray, Utah Brent Baring, forest ranger. Did

Ship Copper and Siliceous Ores to Garfield Plant, Garfield, Utah you say this is your land?"His

Address correspondence as follows: surprise lessened his restraint still

AMERICAN SMELTING & REFINING CO. further.

700 McCornick Building "I did, Mr. Baring. But I didn't

inAAmAAAAiuvnnnnnnnAmnAnA/MnAAAnAAMnnnAWVXn/VVVMMAAA/VVV J know I was shooing an official of the United States Government away from it."Eileen's authority

succumbed. "I came to do some shooing, myself;"he actually smiled.I For Comfort, Style and Fit

Wear Logan Garment Knit "Oh?""Yes. You see, the trout swim Stripes, checks and fancy fabrics are being featured in Logan Garment

Knits this season. One of these suits will add the individual smartness you upstream to spawn with the first

desire in your spring wardrobe. cracking of the ice. They lazy

| TUNE IN ON OUR K. S. L. PLAY HOUR about in the shallow waters for

after the time been eggs have some 9:30 P. M. EVENING EVERY THURSDAY ATs for hatcheries, the gathered before personality, a style designed for every There is and you have many of

the very newest shades to choose from. Each style is individually tailored to they go back to deep water. As

fit. A post card or letter addressed to the Logan Garment Company, Logan, the egggatherers depart, the

Utah, is all it takes to see this colorful new line of spring knits. There is a poachers enter, and plenty thick.

representative in your neighborhood. They're anything but lazy just this

Mfgr. of time of year. I've been covering

looking these streams, for them I ''ORIGINAL UTAHWEARE"the mountains before I go up into give you first class service with our high quality Light, Medium We can and Heavy Weight Old and New Style L. D. S. Garments. yonder."

surprised I'm not to be in parts?"theseI8 8 I meet"Thena desperado LOGAN GARMENT COMPANY if

LOGAN, UTAH "Well, hardly a desperado. But,

at: Our Merchandise is Available 140 North Main, Twin Falls, Idaho really, I didn't there were know

jK Utahutan Jf'irstFirst JNortn,North,.Logan,Logan, 39by WestWestV hereabouts: ranchers any female

y5CO90O00GOQCOOSOGCOOOO0O0OOO6OGeCCOOOO6OGO6OO0QO0CO9 did you say, your land?"

-n—in—*il INif—ii H*MHi As he turned friendly, she turned

fiery. "There aren't! But there's

Salt Lake Gity's Newest Popular Hotel going to be at least one!"Eileen's

ire was up.

Is that the kind you are—female!

thought she. Brent's cold defense HOTEL was down. "I have seen you

somewhere, haven't I?"

"Wouldn't you like to know?"TEMPLE And up went that chin of hers.

She flicked Nitana's shoulder SQUARE the mare's tail twitched as she dis200 Rooms each with appeared around the huge glacial

Tile Bath boulder.

Baring made a flying leap mco Rates his saddle, and headed for a low $1.50 to $4.00 i ridge on his brindle horse. "Good

day... Miss Gypsy Reynolds,"Radio Connections for

said as if she could hear him. Every Room I he his shoulder, looked over but He

ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager | there was no mahoganycolored

Opposite Great Mormon Temple mare or her rider in sight against the bluishwhite snow.

-H ii ih——ii <!—n hii——ii i ii ii n—n—n. n n n n—ii uJI (To be Continued)

"""—IP""** XtAWVVAgt anv Ovj\Al A Canadian Was Impressed From An Old Letter Of February, 1935 morning. Improvement Soon as of The that into this my copy come mission GOOD

B. Editorial for that E. T. myself I prepared Era arrived to increase are determinedTHEare IMPROVEMENTgreatly appreciated ERASand we

the paid subscriptions for next year, writes Woodrow Miller, Party. And it was a party—with the individual freshness so mission secretary of the Canadian Mission in a letter. "One evident."—Grace Kaye.

missionary reported that he had lent a copy of the Era to a 1 -f i friend contacted in his tracting and the friend said that if the Gruesome Picture To Frame peoples'sponsor organization could Church's young Mormon tray this "Cigarette thought: contributes Arizonian surely publication representative a such there must be

of the Era, should be framed someANon number page 159, March their thing claims."to

and hung where girls could see it."Look it over—see what

think. you A Stake Reachingi iTo Thei North Pole

rEAR Editors,"writes L. W. LeBaron, Barnwell, Canada, congratulations go1 to The-f Improvementi Era for pub- *- "Your magazine is read from cover to cover, but the MYlishing such a fine article as that by P. V. Cardon in

closing page of the July issue was particularly interesting in the September number."So writes Gunnar Rasmuson,

the letter of Mrs. Helen Urdhal, Jarbridge, Nevada. I wish editor of the Logan HeraldJournal. "I am telling the absolute

you tell her that if she were in Canada her group could join truth when I say tears came to my eyes as I read the message.

the nearby stake which she stated is over one hundred miles It will undoubtedly do a lot of good throughout the Church."

away. Our Lethbridge Stake extends to the North Pole, some Phoenix, Arizona.

of our wards are actually 144 miles from our stake center, i i 1 one branch being about 295 miles. At our Genealogical Dear Editor:

conference last Sunday we had a member from the Calgary ALTHOUGH prohibition has been repealed there is a swing

Ward present who had come 279 miles. Our stake workers toward saving mere boys and ladies (not only from

conquer difficulties and of all the Church publications we members of the L. D. S. Church, but other denominations)

use the Eva most."from the evils of hard liquor. I inclose an editorial which

this statement: proves paper which

letter the that that of the us reminds one way, new

Prohibition a failure? was WhoI clippedamongstfrom aus Phoenixcan sayBY the of of having of one boasts bishops wards York New Sincerely,

to call sent to of teacher one South a America upon ward H. J. Carlson.

his members.

f i 1 An Excerpt from the Editorial Mentioned

The Snakes Are Still In The Bottles THERE is too much drinking, and altogether too much is true, vicinity. in This drunkenness and Phoenix

for to liquor fellow permit a can a because buy buyJUST repeal, to whether or whether want say want had we we we still in fifty that forget are cents, not snakes should he prohibition. too are to baronce say There had many we

shall recently. of bottles,"glad said the be a friend Wethe here. folk them. frequent rooms our of Too many women

observations reasonable reports of of calm, workings for drinking are boys, young men, mere and even many of Too brief. believe not the liquor laws. them Make new. Wethe.. it. feel sensible citizen to about any good

but only snakes; ruin as well, is locked away in those in ladies to those to dally however, do say, who like "We

. bottles attractive the that ridiculous barrooms heel looks on a French a brass

i i i rail, and its presence thereon adds no charm to the wearer.

Here Is A Challenge To The Young Men We furthermore say to the boys of this community that it

Dear Editors: is rather stupid to drink liquor, especially hard liquor. It

is like too fellow's into pouring watch. Sober sand a much girls Inasstake. outlying six are from bachelor an

last jobs, responsible hold higher, men more climb andWE in so> girls other our there are same as many much longer, rule, let better as a drinking than You'd men. do

if it all see the for have boys boat, to wise think speak and we competitors drinking."your the do Laney, Guest Lynn M.

us. for an answer Editor Gazette. Phoenix

in letter printed Era, the made encouraging That you May i 1 f waiting. desire their hearts'that get us glad Upon some by of appreciation TN

all find that situation, the analyzing Mormon however we * in Review page MovieEva—his of wife picture the like sent the one are boys not who it the missed durmonths two

and baby.

Here in this Stake there are plenty of splendid fellows. ingvaluablethe summer.in sendingIt childrenis quite

Most of them have good educations and positions but we to shows. Sometimes comes

cannot'figure out what is wrong with them. Are they out after the show has been

just plain cruel? careful, clever, cautious, or conceited, We here, K. Holhowever.—W.

School, and and they Church, Mutual see* them at Sunday brook and Wm. A. Schipper,

all speak tous but it seems impossible to get better acquainted. Sparks, Nevada.

I fault. its dancers, the saying 'Punk hear our boys can..*''.'. *. *

it is the not nonlookin'But or sompin.'enough, good how careful driver "A "PAUSE: is It are. for to appreciate us what seem boys member we railroad; a approached out Because to acquainted them. step with get easy and lislooked, he stopped, and

satisfied religion, girls, aren't living our are wewe Mormon tened. the All heard he was

see friends; especially and with when boy nonmember we into car behind crashing him

—Boston desireWe thehavebest.our choice: We can go to a night club or hisTranscript.gastank."

to hall outsider dance public a church with an dance or go -f 1 f as is almost enjoyable as alone stand around. and One the Little Ute Friend

other.

What can we do? Just console ourselves that spinsterhood "NARS. E. O. BENNION,

is an achievement, not a disgrace? If the Mormon boys don't "who lives out in the

snap out of it we will have to continue bringing a nonmember Uintah Basin, neighbors to when we want to dance at church; and finally, because the the Ute Indians, sent us this

nonmember is persistent and we have lost all hope, we will snapshot of one of her little have to marry him."—Six Curious Girls. Ute friends.

.

SIR MALCOLM CAMPBELL

AND HIS BLUEBIRD

Three hundred one miles per hour on the Salt Flats near Salt Lake City

is a marvel of mec al and safety engineering. TODAY the Automobile

Our modern highways are the outcome of years of scientific effort to reduce travel hazards. Law enforcement is more intelligent and more universal than

ever, yet during the past year deaths from m accidents were the greatest in our history. The better the car, the highways, and the policing

seems the more people there''are killed. The cause seems to lie with the man

behind the wheel. In 1934—36,000 deaths resulted from Auto accidents.

This clearly emphasizes the greater need of life insurance protection. When

you figure the investment features of a Beneficial Life Insurance policy the nee protection cost is but a trifle—See a Beneficial Representative

and qet the exact figures that will place you and your ily on the safe

side

HEBER

J. REUBENJ. GRANT,CLARK,Pres,JR., &1stDir.V.-P & Dir. Sk EARLEE. P. WATKINS.W. PIERCESup. R. E. *as.Loan Depi.

DAVID 0. McKAY, 2nd V.-P. & Dir. WALDO M. ANDERSON, Agency Supervisor

GEO. J. CANNON, Ex. V.-P. & Dir. JOS. FIELDING SMITH, D\r,

AXEL B. C. OHLS0N, Sec. & Dir. E. T. RALPHS. Dir.

LEO E. PENROSE, Asst. Sec. ORVAL W. ADAMS, Dir.

VIRGIL H. SMITH, Asst. Sec. STEPHEN L. CHIPWAN, Dir.