IMPROVEMENT

'..:.. /"''.:: v-'.;:

1 i

:,|:;;--;jg|

,,,:..;.:.:'!V;:S'- "

:'*mmm.

'""',....

fltiwmber 1951

*fc#.* * - With holidays ahead -be the perfect hostess

As a perfect hostess, every homemaker wants Visit your nearest appliance to serve a delicious holiday dinner that's ready dealer and let him show you on time and cooked to perfection, without spending the entire day in the kitchen. With the many attractive features

a modern automatic Gas range there's plenty of these easyto-own, of kitchenfree time to enjoy both family and easyto-keepclean modern guests—roasting or baking no longer requires automatic Gas ranges.

constant watching or testing. Accurate oven

heat control plus splitsecond time clock setting automatically maintains the exact temperature for the required cooking period. A

modern automatic Gas range makes every day a holiday in cooking freedom.

Only in the modern automatic Gas range can you get the smokeless broiler that cooks with the door closed, while the clean, blue Gas flame consumes smoke and vapors.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS. JR.

Over 1,850,000 scientific articles are published each year throughout the world. Only onethird of them are

abstracted so that a summary of the article can be made available in convenient form for a wide audience of scientists.

'rpHE distance from the earth to the * sun is 92,960,000 miles according to calculations based on more than five thousand observations of the moon, made at over two hundred different stations on the earth over a period of 10 years. The uncertainty

in is thirtyfive the distance thousand miles. gravitation pull of one The body HERE'S A REAL TIMESAVER

calculain thefor another is needed tions, attraction of the sun TO PLEASE HOLIDAY GUESTS"and the and moon were measured. says Margaret Masters, whose column

appears in the Deseret News and who rpHE British abbreviation of Id for is a popular star on KSL and KSLTV.

* one penny on stamps and coins is a survival of the Roman term denarius which was equivalent to ten of the "You'll make a hit when you serve Town House silver units sestertius. Similarly the Crackers. There's nothing to fix, either, because

sterling"term "pound comes from you can pass them around just as they come from weight the pound times whenNorman of sterling was coined into 240 pence. the package. Or, for variety, serve them with cheese

Nowadays, however, it means the puror other spreads, or along with your favorite salad.

chasing power of a pound note. The

fineness of sterling as 925 parts in They're delicious!"

1000 was established in Saxon times,

W. A. C. Newman of the Royal Mint "You'll like their smart

points out, but the term "sterling"is derived from the Easterlings, who were new oval shape, too.

people of the Low Countries trading Just right for two in Britain, bites—with no

crumbs!"Earthquakes in Asia, if severe, may change the water tables in the

United States. In one case, in Texas,

the water in wells rose a foot then Perfect dropped 1.3 feet below normal.

Holiday Treat!

THE volcano Krakatoa erupted in 1883 and killed all life on the island. Within three years algae had

begun to prepare the soil for the growth of higher plants. Six years

after the eruption a lizard had become established and was feeding on a considerable variety of insects. Less thanforty years after the catastrophe the PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY

island had been repopulated with nearly six hundred kinds of animals. SALT LAKE POCATELLO PHOENIX

SEPTEMBER 1951 769 af**9 THE MEANING OF THE TREATY

OF PEACE WITH JAPAN

/\N Saturday, September 8, 1951, a By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

treaty of peace with Japan was Head of Political Science Department, concluded and signed by fortyeight University of Utah former enemies of that nation (including the United States of America) on the historic stage of the San Francisco peasant could convert, or wished to conIn 1903 equivalent. into vert, Western any House. Opera treaty was the The

last knocking Russia away the saw Hay of of joint project the governments this of the launch that held back blocks the United States and of the United huge mass into the China Sea. The vast

Kingdom. An estimated audience of force of inertia known as China was to be

forty millions watched the proceedunited with the huge bulk of Russia in a ings on the first coastto-coast telesingle mass which no amount of new force vision broadcasts in the United States. could henceforward deflect....

Obviously, the state of war between These were the positions charted on the the states concerned has ended, and map... in Washington in the spring of

. held.. Russia and America Europe 1903 is the fortywelcomed anew by Japan

... ofSiberian railway grasp her The into of in society eight signatories the

all possible to opposition. fered checkmate

nations as a "sovereign equal."ObJapan must make the best terms she could;

viously, too, China was unavoidably England must go on receding; America and

olorado's famous Pike's absent; and very obviously, the Soviet Germany would look on at the avalanche.

Peak is named after this Union, Poland, and Czechoslovakia The wall of Russian inertia that barred intrepid soldier, exmade much of this in refusing to sign Europe across the Baltic ["iron curtain of plorer and adventurer. Guidthe instrument. Again, 1903"—GHD], would bar

ing his rugged hand of scouts, quite obviously, the conAmerica across the Pacific;

of the policy Hay's and personal a ference was the he traversed American infallibly door would open cool, for the Desert, the great triumph ranging over fail. plains out the collected Secand charting American the seemed game Thus in wilderness. His travels retary of State, Dean the G. lost movement... and

Colorado and New Mexico Acheson, for his conduct of Russia eastward must brought to our government a of the meetings; also it drag Germany after it by

new knowledge of the west. was a personal triumph its mere mass... The AtPike, too, in his wisdom used for John Foster Dulles, lantic would have to deal

specialists—local guides who was there and who with a vast continental

familiar with specific areas of handled the eleven months of prelimimass of inert motion, like a glacier, which the western country. nary negotiations; 'and, for General moved, and consciously moved, by mechanherself ical alone. Russia gravitation saw not MacArthur, was who Douglas

her; so, see so he American must an and

is real the meaning there. But what

if to he measure, than more no do had people all over the I.oday of treaty peace the of and significance intensity the or could, mass. volume Was west use of guide a new kind will atbe answer with Japan? A brief the stronger? Education Henry of ( The

to point the way to family tempted primarily from two points of Adams, Modern Library edition, pp. 439security: Prudential's "Dolview: (1) that of American foreign 440.)

lar Guide"the famous system policy; (2) that of the problem of ***** that lets you quickly plan the world stability in general. Both views

right kind of life insurance will be joined in the discussion. The first point of this quotation for

you need to give your family the reader is to the effect that probmaximum protection at the ***** lems of foreign affairs do yield to

of greatgrandson son, grandson, and political exists in large science measure see the To "Dollar Guide"I lowest cost. Over forty years ago, Henry Adams, mental inquiry; that much is known; a diplomats, foremost first and America's for intelligent available use by and is mail the coupon below.\ wrote: price are willing those to pay the who

of mental effort plus the misunder- *Wsw The last and highest triumph of history would... be the bringing of Russia into standing, ofttimes, of their fellow men

effort to gain to the mental ness the make world of allotment among the whole PRUDENTIALINSURANCE the Atlantic combine, and the just and fair who lack the knowledge or the willingCOMPANY OF AMERICA... universe. the activities of is available. regulated Adam's Henry Read what INSURANCE A MUTUAt LIFE COMPANY

that like political philosophy, [Cassini's] again, substituting statement above all the Russian [Cassini of Russians was for for CasHay; Acheson GromykovxvvvvvVvvxvv fixed in seemed ambassador Washington] sini; visualize the Stalin for Czar; and

Prudential Insurance Company fatally single that ideaK Russia must the intensity versus of Western the volume problem HomeB irresistible inertia, crush her by Terminal Box 3424Office inroll—must, in say, at Korea. present the moment, Angeles w, California Los 54, in her stood whatever way.

* I'd like to see the "Dollar Guide"For Hay [the American Secretary of policy, his pooling State] and Name is to inertia fatalism of Russian meant the.. failure. the The second point to observe

at policy, "opendoor"which aimed people, neighboring she absorbed City- -Stateover aI Address. of American intensity. When Russia rolled reckon with the view that Hay's

interritorial and administrative their of the energies in her own movement * custom and race which neither Czar nor (Continued on page 846) 770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Bookcraft TITLE TITLE \P NEW Bookcraft Bookcraft NEW

PRESENTS the Church's BOOK of JOSEPH finest reading for MORMON!

SMITH fall and winter, STORIES 195152 SEEKER FOR enlightening, the fine L.D.S. Books of these faithYOUNG AFTER Morebuildingthanthemesever

TRUTHshould be studied and enjoyed. Look LATTERfall for titles—then, Bookcraft's through PROPHET DAY

those books reading, choose winter and OF SAINTS long. so wanting been you've GOD

HIS MANY MANSIONS Emma Marr Dr. John A. Rulon S. Howells Petersen

Widtsoe The beliefs and doctrines of thirteen leading Christian churches are point explained purposes. comparative - by - point for <***O OC Told in a simple and 'm fill This is the story of Joseph Smith, poignant, 50 DISCOURSES OF WILFORD easy style, the best fc

revealing, with convincWOODRUFF known and best loved mr

Durham told Dr. G. Homer by Compiled are of stories Mormon of the Book his beliefs. of 3 ing of the truth evidences Series, conPresident One of the student L.D.S. reader and the younger of to brilliant essence the taining three Dr. than Widtsoe labored more

itself. years to bring you this book. teachings.President Wilford Woodruff's O.*.*CQ in the spirit of the Book of Mormon

BOOKS FOR $100! BOOKS FOR $3. and $4.

BRANCHES OVER THE WALL EVIDENCES and BIBLE STORIES FOR YOUNG

Ora Pate Stewart 1.00 RECONCILIATIONS LATTERDAY SAINTS

Emma Marr Petersen O.UU

GEMS OF THOUGHT VOL. Ill

Compiled by Dr. Milton R. Hunter 1,00 Dr. John A. GOSPEL MESSAGES

Widtsoe Florence Pierce o.UU

NUGGETS OF GOLDEN New fields of PEARL OF GREAT PRICE THOUGHT thought and

Compiled by Ezra Marler 1.00 shared expeCOMMENTARY

r i e n c e are Dr. Milton R. Hunter 3.00

GOD PLANTED A TREE yours in this

Ora P. Stewart 1.00 third volume ANCIENT AMERICA AND OF THE BOOK MORMON

f Evidences o R. Hunter Dr. Milton and MINUTE SERMONS

Reconciland """m Ferguson Thomas

Albert L. Zobell, Jr 1.00 Get iations.

your copy of LATTERDAY PROPHETS SPEAK

STORYTELLER'S SCRAPBOOK the first ediDaniel H. Ludlow 4.00

Albert I. Zobell, Jr 1.00 tion to complete your Evidences and MASTERFUL DISCOURSES OF

TEN COMMANDMENTS Reconciliations series ORSON PRATT

Timberline Riggs |.00 now. Compiled by N. B. Lundwall 4.00

EVIDENCES AND

NEW Bookcraft TITLE RECONCILIATIONS NEW Bookcraft TITLE

Dr. John A. Widtsoe 2.25

BOOK of MORMON HOW TO PRAY AND A LETTER TO MY SON

STAY AWAKE COMMENTARY Max Skousen 1./

RESTORATION OF ALL THINGS Eldin Ricks Joseph Fielding Smith.75

THEMES OF THE RESTORED GOSPEL Dr. Sidney B. Sperry 1.50

00 TREASURES TO SHARE oo Melvin Westenskow 2.00 l 2

AT YOUR DEALER OR ORDER DIRECT FROM This first of six projected volHere is a dynamic book that the takes of First umes book verse Nephi, exshould stir parents who read by verse and plains it clearly. Ideal for it to lay a sure, sound moral

first time reader, student, foundation for their children. study groups. BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH

NOVEMBER 1951 771. Lyfnclai L/roan o

THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, f1/> IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF 'THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH'*Jke Lnurcn of

sfedud Lkrist

of oLatteraau Jainti r*-> r VOLUME 54 NUMBER 11 rjovember 1951

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: BURL SHEPHERD

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER Jke Lcover

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT Symbolic of the light of the gospel that

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR shines forth in darkness, is this picturesque Pigeon Point Lighthouse, California, about thirty miles north of

Monterey. It was built in 1872 on the

rocky point where the Boston clipper,

The Editors Page Carrier Pigeon, ran aground in 1853.

Jeff Thomson's photograph was adapted

In the "World"David O. McKay 781 for cover use by Charles Jacobsen.

Church Features

General Authorities Sustained October 6, 1951. Marba C. Josephson 778

Evidences and Reconciliations: CLX—Are Distillers'Feeds an

Argument for Alcohol? John A, Widtsoe 782 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

The Los Angeles Temple Joseph Fielding Smith 784 50 North Main Street

The World of the Jaredites—Part III Hugh Nibley 786 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Adventure into Genealogy Sidney Cramer 791 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Cannons and the Call Ann Hafen 792 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

The Church Moves On 776 Melchizedek Priesthood 826 Copyright 1951 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaDavid L. Roberts Appointed to NoLiquor-Tobacco Column 826 tion of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

the General Board...777 Presiding Bishopric's Page 828 AssociationLatferday Saints.of the ChurchAll rightsof Jesusreserved.ChristSubof

scription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign

Special Features subscriptions,single copy. $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah,

Every Song Tells a Story Sadie H, Greenhalgh 789 atas specialsecondclassrate ofmatter.postage Acceptanceprovided forforin mailingsection

LadiesIn-Waiting Winifred N, Jones 790 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. the Through and Prayer.Frankie 793 Taylor Eyes Jane of Youth—Faith Era Improvement The

Substitute There Is 794 Anderson Elayne T* for God No manuscripts, solicited butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unInside manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient Pockets Your Boy's W. G. Montgomery 795 All

for delivery return. and postage Spoken from Temple Square The Word

Richard L, Evans 804, 812, 818, 822, 844 Change of Address

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Today's Family Burl Shepherd Fifteen days'notice required for change of ad-

S. Harris, Jr.769 Folder Traveling, Alan W. Fardress. When ordering a change, please include

These Times, The Meaning of the rant.:... 836 address slip from a recent issue of the magazine.

changes Address cannot unless the old be made of Treaty Peace With Japan, Meal for Two (Lessons in A address as well as included. one is the new

) 770 G. Homer Eating 837 Durham

Fifty L. D. S. Scouters Attend Handy Hints 840

National Training Conference, How to Carve It 840 National Advertising Representatives

Forace Green 774 Homemaker's Bookrack...841

On the Bookrack 806 Your Page and Ours 848

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Russ Building San Francisco, California Stories, Poetry HENRY G. ESCHEN,

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Hunting Coat. Paul Annixter 796 Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

Shirley Sargent 800 The Winner

Elizabeth Chance The Pew 801 SADLER AND342 SANGSTONMadison Ave.ASSOCIATES

Late Fire, Elizabeth Travis Poetry Page 780 New York 17, N. Y.

Martin 777 Renewal in Autumn, Louise 30RAYN. H.LaSalleDAVISSt. Darcy 804 Chicago, Illinois

Frontispiece, The Unremembered, Pioneer Cemetery, John Gallinari

Eva Willes Wangsgaard 779 Whidding 842 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HnSjHg|fHKHHHHH

HOLIDAYS AND ALL THROUGH THE YEAR

Styled for distinction... masterpieces of sparkling

color and glistening Chrome... every inch of a Virtue

Bros. Dinette is engineered for years of rugged

service and carefree maintenance... can be kept

sparkling clean with a damp cloth. Micalite* tabletops

are resistent to fruit acids, alcohol, ink, and heat to 275 E The luxurious Duran* upholstery is scuffresistant and is doublewelted to hold its shape. An exclusive

feature of the Virtue Patented! contourfitting chairs

are the shockabsorbing, SmoothieCushion-Glides that allow you to move chairs noiselessly at the touch of a finger. In the model pictured below a Stainless Steel

tableapron points up the beauty of the entire Dinette.

THE DOUBLE EXTENSION DINETTE

with Stainless Steel Table Apron v—in Value!—in Beauty!

|—in Year'RoundConvenience!

-in Extra Features!

seats two... 35"x48"closed... or A

few... 35"x60"with one leaf... or

a crowd... 35"x72"with two leaves The West's Largest Manufacturer TRADE MARK fVIRTUE PATS. D-163,655 D-163,656 VIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO. of Chrome Furniture

570T WEST CENTURY BLVD., LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA

Write for informative, colorful Booklet, "Guide to Selecting Chrome Furniture"

Fifty LD.S. Scouters Attend National

Training Conference

vJ>u jrorace iurreen

Elder Ezra Taft Benson and fifty of the professional Scouters belonging to the L.D.S. Church attended

the ninth national planning conference held in September at the Michigan State College. They are:

Otis O. Fuller, James Royal B. Stone. Gwilliam,

row: I've got 3 good Roberts,FirstSecondrow: Preston W. Pond, Garden Hawkins, Rulon Doman, James* G. Anderson, Elder Benson, D. L. Harold E. Poulsen, Hans Rasmussen, Thayne Packer, Woodrow C. Dennett, Anthony I.

Bentley, Vernon L. Strong, Mark Judy, W. Tell Gubler.

Purcell. Y. Nichols, Ray Balmforth, Todd Malcolm

Fourth row: S. Alvord, Harrald Rock M.reasons for buying Third row: George Bergstrom, Ross J. Taylor, Sylvan D. Warner, H. Shelby Berry, Jerry Burnham, C. Kirkham, J. Melvin Harrison, Don C. Kimball, S. Vern Gardner,

Lawrence J. Barrett, John L. Cross, Herb Gelbert.

Fifth row: Grant Mace, John D. Warnick, Glen H. Tolman, Elden J. Peterson, Clyde V. Pearson,

Back row: Rex M. Ingersoll, D. E. Hammond, Ray C. Hatch, Cecil S. Fife, Folkman D. Brown, VictorNalley's Beef Stew AlbertLindblad,O. Quist. Hansen. Vernon

It's chock full of beef piFTY of the fiftyfive Latterday "The Most Reverend Richard O.

tender—lean and and Saints who are in professional Gerow, Bishop of Natchez, chairchunky; and browned

simmered in rich juice, scouting were among the more than man of the Catholic committee on blended with 2,200 scouters from all parts of the scouting, will speak for the CathoUnited States and its possessions lic Church.

Fresh garden vegetables who launched a threeyear crusade "Elder Ezra Taft Benson of Salt—potatoes, carrots, and recently to make American democLake City, Utah, member of the

onions; crisp, freshracy a more dynamic force in the Council of the Twelve, Church of

picked to give lives of youth. Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

The leaders attended the ninth wall speak for the Mormon Church.

Nalley's which—toOld fashioned flavor national training conference of the Dr. Norman Salit of New York, add Boy Scouts of America at Michivice president of the Synagogue a special chef -blended

gravy to bring you the gan State College, September 5 Council of America, will speak for best Beef Stew you have through 12. "Forward on Liberty's the synagogues.

ever tasted Team"was selected as the theme "Dr. Franklin C. Fry of New

for the crusade. York, President of the United

QUICK—SIMPLY HEAT AND EAT Spirituality was the keynote of Lutheran Church in America and

the conference. Dr. Arthur A. vicepresident of the Central ComSchurck, chief Scout executive, in mittee of the World Council of

both his opening and closing adChurches, will speak in behalf of dresses, challenged those attending the Protestant Churches."

to make the spiritual phase of the Other members of the Church program the important phase. also played important parts at the

One of the highlights of the conconference. David L. Roberts, reference was the convocation held cently appointed Director of MorSunday morning in the college audimon Relationships by the National

torium. The place of the L.D.S. Council, led a section on a manChurch in national scouting is sugpower study. Others led and pargested in a press release sent from ticipated in discussion groups.

the national office to newspapers Because the Church has a higher throughout the nation about the percentage of its boys registered in conference, the following excerpt scouting than any other group, it of which lists the speakers for the is natural that it should develop convocation: (Continued on page 843)

774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA!?lS* <"Sal5?S=IiSS#@ lfSH=ffi2f='12$4&!%Qffik1—BSffl=Sf?w1

Know Jesus as you never knew Him beforei

NEW MEMBERS OF THE FAMILY READING CLUB web

GOD SO LOVED THE WORLD // Elizabeth Goudge, beloved author of "Pilgrim's Inn", "Gentian Hill"and other national bestsellers.

INandour inmomentsour hoursof hopeof despairand joyHeJesusshiftsis joyfulour burdenwith us,to

His own strong shoulders. Knowing this, millions of men

through the ages have passionately tried to love and understand Him to the best of their abilities. That is why this

magnificent new volume will mean so much to you. Here

is Jesus talking with the wise men as a child, going about

His Father's divine business as a man. Here He is healing

the sick, aiding the poor, inspiring the doubtful, teaching

as the Hefaithfulfeeds inthe themultitude,heat of thewalkday.withWeHimstandin besidethe garden,Him

listen as He talks with His Disciples in the cool of the evening. We come to know Him in His beautiful moments

of happiness and in all His black hours of despair.

"God So Loved the World"is more than a wonderfully detailed and accurate retelling of the Life of Christ. Indeed, it is a sweeping, unforgettable narrative, written with

powerful simplicity by Elizabeth Goudge, one of the world's great storytellers. It is a book you will cherish all your

lifetime. Published at S3. 50, your copy plus a copy of

any of one the other BOTH as your FREE Membershipfine booksGiftdescribedif you below—aredecide to join the

Family Reading Club at this time.

** ***m0*+ * 5TORIES OF THE GREAT OPERAS ThorndikeEtarnhart THE HIGH CALLING

By Milton Cross DESK DICTIONARY By James Street really comprehensive book, A i aria, every Contains London Wingo, hero ALSO Contains entries, 80,000 700 | action, of the all the "The Gauntlet,"illustrations, pages. 900 New- | stories of 72 returns complete to now the written, ly upto-date, accu- 1 bestscene of world's first the his of pas-

1 Includes FREE rate. synonyms, torate operas. to book loved face the A I antonyms, complete word WITH reof origreatest years crisis for of his many in gins. featured Recently Life | study. Pubministerial warding "career. MEMBERSHIP ed., Magazine. Pub. S2.75.

lisher's edition, edition, 75. Pub. S3. S3. 00.

Your Choice AMERICA FAVORITE ISLAND of Family Book SUMMER HYMNS By Broun The Teller Walter Magnes COOKS< ByAN of One Any By Arthur Austin

Contains over 1600 enterand warm The The words and music finest of the of story taining recipes—the of These to more than 100 each of states the 48 escape family's Teller hymns Americans love from mouthwatering twentieth the from most. Includes short Other oldfashioned favorites 'nature to the century commentaries hisand to taste modern delife of simple and tories of each. Beaulights. Should in be Fine Books Vineyard. Martha's tifully illustrated in every kitchen. $3.00. edition, Pub. color. Pub. ed., $4.95.

i m mmm *m**mm*<m+* WHY WE MAKE THIS SENSATIONAL OFFER! MAIL COUPON NOW! Tsl

WITH to your Family Reading this unmonth. Club makes home each The MEMBERSHIP

sary offer to to purchase usual every demonstrate a book It ismonth—younot necesTWO BOOKS how membership in the Club brings you the best and may accept as few as four each year to "GOD SO LOVED THE WORLD"

most enjoyable new books at much less retain your membership. And you will reand ANY ONE OF THE BOOKS LISTED BELOW

than the publishers'retail editions! Foundceive a handsome new "Bonus"Book free FAMILY READING CLUB, Dept. 11 -ER

MINEOLA. NEW YORK for four selections each take. Club to select distribute are you ed and which books

Please send once me the purchase Thus, of books the interesting from worthwhile, entertaining and I other the one atbook ahavecopy checkedof "God SobelowLovedas themy World"two FREEand for only $ 1.89 Club of the each—instead in without objectionable being any way, Gift Books. Membership

the Family Reading Club is just what you publishers'regular retail prices of $2.50 to Complete Stories of The High Calling

to you S4.00saves the of Cooks Great Operas your for! America have looking been Each 25% 35% pubmonth G

Island dollars. Summer ThorndikeBarnhart the An book value of the when LI And lishers they believe books submit will meet

Dictionary Desk of Book Family Hymns in, figured Books Bonus actually you the Family standards. Reading Club Our enroll Also as of a Club send Reading the Family and me member! as as save much select Editors the is 50% then they reccan book selection. I of each me. month, review forthcoming the Club's a

privilege to the of notifying have in not enthusiastically do wish to most advance you ommend members. Join Now—Send Money No selection, accept any ifspecialI or members'at alternate the book—are These every books which If of member in believe a club you will book which of only $1.89 are (plus There handling). each postage and your family can to retained read—books be priceno finest membership to the instincts four appeal I as fees, dues or of accept every few and may memor alternates beginduring the asmonths, in coming your library pride. with home let of ber family, introduce your us to selections you with ning the will receive selection. Club member,twelve As a the Family while Reading Club you free a alternates Bonus selections with Bookcurrent Ior four Club each NOW How Save Members 50% I accept. can get the of your copy So Loved "God

There is no charge for membership in World"—plus your choice of any one of the Mr.

Mrs the Family Reading other the cost Club beyond books free your shown here—as memMiss (Please Print) the of themselves. books gifts. bership just pay only mail Send You no money,

Street and No, SI.89 'each (plus postage the and today. as this handling) coupon However, unusual

for the books after purchase offer you reading be withdrawn may

City. State Zone the review book magazine will which to urge mail you come the coupon

if at anyNOW!time, we Age.. Toronto 2i 105 Bond

Under U.S.A. andSt., Canada 21 [Same1 Offerpricegoodin onlyCanada:in the. FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, YORK NEW

NOVEMBER 1951 775 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

fare farm at Perris, California. Elder The annual AllChurch tennis

August 1951 Archibald J. Anderson, formerly sec- 6 tournament began in Salt Lake

ond counselor, advanced to first counCity.

j A Dean Asahel D. Woodruff of selor, and Elder Clifford E. McKinney A threeday Southern Calithe graduate school, Brigham sustained as second counselor. 7 fornia L. D. S. Youth conference

his University, completedYoung Elder of direction the under began priesthood Explorer, and Scout, 7 ser9ies of addresses radio Church on the the of B. members and Brown Hugh thirtyfive of stakes from leadersradio hour on KSL. University. faculty of Brigham Young Hall in the Assembly the met Church

relaannual Church for the fifteenth David President O. McKay Softball annual AllChurch The9 9 University of session the of tionship seventyeighth his spent quietly Park, began tournament at Glade Elder included Scouting. Speakers the receiving anniversary birthday Salt City. Lake the of of Council Stapley L. Delbert friends his of congratulations many

Bishop Presiding the LeGrand Twelve, gathering family associates. and A First Wellsville K Ward, Hyrum9 First Assistant Y.M.M.I.A. Richards, sons the this attended by evening was the AllStake, (Utah) won Superintendent A. Walter General Sister President and of daughters and Softball defeatChurch tournament by director L. Roberts, Stevenson, and D. brothPresident's the and by McKay,ing St. St. Second George Ward, Relationships Service of the Mormon sisters. ers andGeorge Stake. Sacramento (Utah) America. of Scouts the of Boy Caliof Monica, Santa Reese Bob (CaliThird Sacramento Ward,

Alltitles singles in the the fornia, won fornia) third; Stake placed Wymount First Presidency announced The Reese tennis tournament. Bob Church Branch, Stake, East Provo (Utah) Sidney of Elder the appointment doubles the Fitzgerald won Jack fourth; Beach Third East Long Ward, of president the as Ottley New title.and Stake, (California)Long Beach PresiMission, succeeding fifth J.Zealand

and consolation; Southgate Ward, dent Gordon C. Young. President (j Spring Glen Ward, Grant

South Stake, Salt Lake sixth; Murray Stake, formed (Salt City) Lake filled to Zealand mission a Ottley NewFirst Stake, (Utah) Murray Ward, portions of Springview Ward, as from has served to 1916, and from 1912

Sixthseventh; and Mesa former Charles F. Fawson, with Elder Idaho; three of Ward, bishop wards—Banida, eighth. Stake,Maricopa (Arizona) as bishop. of Springview Ward, in bishop Oasis, East Mill Creek Utah; and

About five hundred teams and six Salt Lake City. His most recent Elder Walton W. Hunter sustained

thousand of Springview bishop Ward, sucpresident of as position has been players had participated durChurch ing the season. Bishop Fawson. ceeding priests'high Stake Creek East Mill

quorum. Wandamere Park Ward, Grant

9 ft Exactly one year and one day (Salt Lake City) Stake, created from after the chapel of the Stratford portions of Wandamere Ward, with

Ward, Highland (Salt Lake City) September 1951 Elder Leonard J. Anderson, former

Stake, was destroyed by fire, the rebishop of Wandamere Ward, as built structure was dedicated by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., bishop. Elder Edwin O. Haroldsen

President Stephen L Richards of the of the First Presidency, celesucceeds Bishop Anderson as bishop

First Presidency. The facilities are brated his eightieth birthday anniof the Wandamere Ward.

also used by the Park Avenue Ward. versary. Elder Mark E. Petersen of the

Elder Junius M. Jackson, formerly Council of the Twelve dedicated the

second counselor in the Bonneville 9 President Oscar A. Kirkham of chapel of the Las Flores Ward, Pasa-

(Salt Lake City) presidency sustained the First Council of the Seventy dena (California) Stake.

as president, succeeding President returned to Salt Lake City from Canyon Rim Ward, East Mill Creek

Owen G. Reichman. President Jackson Europe where he attended the Seventh (Salt Lake City) Stake, formed from

was on a vacation and was not aware International Boy Scout Jamboree. portions of Highland View Ward, with

of this appointment. Therefore the Irving T. Nydegger as bishop.

selection of his counselors will wait \ President S. Dilworth Young Elder Joseph F. Merrill of the Coununtil his return. Elder LeGrand P. of the First Council of the cil of the Twelve dedicated the comBackman was released as first counSeventy dedicated the Mt. Ogden bined chapel of the Richland First and

selor in the stake presidency. Stake recreation building. Second wards, and the Richland

Dr. Harold Glen Clark, director of (Washington) stake house.

the extension division, Brigham Young K General President LaVern W. Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards

Univerity, and member of the Young Parmley of the Primary Associadedicated the chapel of the Salem

Men's Mutual Improvement Association announced a policy of assigning Ward, Portland (Oregon) Stake.

tion general board, began a series of general board members to work in Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards radio addresses on the Church radio the wards and stakes. A few board dedicated the chapel of the Mt. Tabor

hour on KSL, entitled "The Companmembers each year will be given Ward, Portland (Oregon) Stake.

ionship of the Spirit."leave from committee work on the Elder S. Ross Fox, formerly second

Elder William C. Olsen, formerly general board in order that they can counselor, succeeds Hubert E. Record

first counselor, sustained as president teach classes and work in other ward as first counselor in the South Salt of the North Sanpete (Utah) Stake, and stake Primary positions. These Lake Stake presidency. Elder Rolf

succeeding President Joseph R. Baggeneral board members will continue Christiansen succeeds Elder Fox as

nail, who was recently appointed manto attend their weekly meetings with second counselor to President Axel ager of the southern California welthe board. J. Andresen.

776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DAVID L ROBERTS

Appointed To

General Board

Elder David L. Roberts, director

of Mormon Relationships Service for the National Council,

Boy Scouts of America, has been named a member of the general board of the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Association.

As a youth, he was one of the first Boy Scouts as the Scout movement came to Utah. In his troop

he served as patrol leader, senior patrol leader, assistant scoutmaster, and scoutmaster. He has also served

on the troop committee, as district and council commissioner, and on the camp staff of the Ogden Area

Council.

In 1929 he joined the professional staff of Council the Great Salt Lake Score High fieldas executive. In 1935 he moved Muk Luks

to Pocatello, Idaho, as Scout execuOn Christmas Morning tive. In 1945 he was transferred

to the Ogden Area Council as Scout executive. He held that posiHand washable Muk Luks are warm, comfy

tion until last June 1, when he reChristmas gifts that please parents and children ceived the appointment of director alike. All wool uppers, soft suede leather soles.

of Mormon Relationships Service, Luxurious! Backgrounds: red, green, royal, light

with the approval of the First Presiblue, yellow.

dency and the Council of the Twelve. Women's sizes, S. M. L, hand embroidered 3.98

Elder and Mrs. Roberts, the Women's sizes, S. M. L. - - - - 3.45

former Crittenden, are Mary the Children's and Infants'sizes, S. M. L. - 2.98 ofparents living children, nine who

are all active in the Church. Order by mail. Include 1 2c postage tor each pair, 3c for

He is assigned to the Scout comeach additional pair. Utah residents add 2% sales tax*

mittee of the general board. ZCMI HOSIERY—Street Floor

LATE FIRE

By ElizabethTravis Martin

HT'he autumn leaves were nothing more * Than I had often seen before

Until the ruddy sun went down Behind the treetops of the town;

There, filtering the sunset, they

Rekindled that November day.

NOVEMBER 1951 777 GENERAL AUTHORITIES SUSTAINED October 6. 1951

his to Apostle, of a mission England, sustaining upon and a new in selected four as return 1904, G. Romney, and he wasTheMarion u C-. /Tosephson rvicirha

the of the to of & Salt superintendent Assistants Council Lake EDITOR ASSOCIATE MANAGING the Twelve: George Q. Morris, Stake Y. M.M.I. A. He was a counStayner Richards, EIRay L. Chrisselor in the bishopric for four years,

tiansen, and John Longden, brings and they are the parents of two and later bishop of the Fourteenth to full strength the General Auliving sons, Richard J., who is marWard. From 1924 Elder Morris

thorities of the Church of Jesus ried and attending the University served continuously on the general

Christ of Latterday Saints. As of Utah, and George J., enrolled board of the Y.M.M.I. A., part of

the Era goes to press we wish the at East High School. the time in addition to being a memChurch membership to know someber of the Ensign Stake presidency.

thing of these exceptional men. Plder George Q. Morris, born On January 26, 1935, Elder MorElder Marion G. Romney, an February 20, 1874, has done valris was appointed in the superinAssistant to the Council of the iant service in the Church. At the tendency of the Young Men's

Twelve since April 1941, brings to present time he is serving as mission Mutual Association, as first ashis new calling the confidence and president of the Eastern States sistant to Superintendent Albert E.

affection of those who have known Mission, to which he was called Bowen. When Elder Bowen was

him and associated with him in this in 1948. His life of devotion is called into the Council of the

and other positions he has held. wellknown to all who have been Twelve two years later, Elder

Born September 19, 1897 in workers in M.I. A. He served on Morris became the general superinColonia Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico, tendent, a position he held until

he has known the sorrows and ELDER MARION G. ROMNEY 1948. His civic life includes execuhardships of an exile, for the tive vicepresidency of the Utah

Revolution in Mexico drove his Pioneer Trails and Landmarks Asfamily with him from that country. sociation and service on the ComSince that time he has lived in munity Chest board as well as on

Utah and Idaho. He received his the Travelers Aid board. George

B.A. and LL.B degrees from the Q. Morris married Emma Ramsay,

University of Utah. June 29, 1905, and they have three

He has come up through the lovely daughters, Marian, Margery, ranks of Church service. He was and Helen.

a missionary to Australia for three years and served as both bishop "pLDER Stayner Richards was and a stake president, for three born December 20, 1885, and folyears as bishop and for four years lowed the course of activity in the as stake president. He has also Church. Serving on a mission to

experienced yeoman service on the Great Britain for two years, he welfare committee, having been asreturned home to engage in the sistant managing director since real estate business. He was called

June 21, 1941. to service as a bishop's counselor,

He married Ida Jensen in 1924, (Continued on page 841)

ELDER GEORGE Q MORRIS ELDER STAYNER RICHARDS ELDER ELRAY L. CHRISTIANSEN ELDER JOHN LONGDEN

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Photograph by Kenneth Earl Hatch

Monument to the Utah Hero Dead of World War I, in Memorial Park, Salt Lake City.

The Unremembered

C/OME men are born to everlasting fame;

Some know a moment that some never know.

A garrison went down, but who can name Obscure on earth, obscurity at last while a few are bright, the manyA tenth of those who fell at Alamo? Awaits cast. the unremembered above CostarredFor Crockett our forget-menots will bloom,

But what of his brave followers who go

The heart, too small to love a garrison,

Enshrines the many in the name of one.Lost and forgotten though they shared his

doom With blood as red and pulses timed as fast? JNo fame on earth, no glory in the tomb—(Dmy (Lua \AJliie5 \AJaanadaaartlr9

NOVEMBER 1951 779 MOUNTAIN VISTA PLYMOUTH, MASSACHUSETTS THE BIG FREEZE

By Alma Robison Higbee THANKSGIVING DAY, 1950 By Leona Meals

By S. Dilworth YoungT eave the city's peopled thunder, '"Phis must be the era

*-* Take a trail that leads afar, (Each year loyal townsmen reenact the * Predicted for ages.

Mark your path by peace and wonder weekly march to church of the Pilgrims) Everything comes frozen,

And by a windflower's fragile star. Including my wages.

Where the aspen bangles glisten 7V distance ahead of the procession stands

In the fingers of the wind, ** the drummer boy.

listen,Pause a moment, wait and He isSound amberhushed thinned. rolls a summons SCARLET MEMORY and Is silent!

the their Pilgrims Soberly commence march Wilson Barker Grace By hereStand the mountain's shoulder, on hill. the to the church on

the valley'sSee emerald sweep, little in are lr souls sixtyfour the band, There life of has so full morning been I 'he our each grayWhere boulder and rounded Standish, Brewster, Bradford, leading;

-*- to things us happy. like we OfHuddles make sheep. Now bedded down children, the men, Then women, and

lift treesPause their pine go where pickets, it it is. abreast. Three So was ordered—so pull feel Into the the air, afternoon thistle in andGreenspeared the smiles. one No

to years us though weight down.Tiptoe the through thicketsblue-spruce And Of live intent All are again on making

is softeyed there. know we fawn beddedA of in that actions 1621. The day

loveliest. the golden been the days lifting, doe, haveSee her Our proud head

for us in will it be a-guiverFear throat; when day is done, her How

stand on nears, darkness the onceglowing drifting, We and are theDapple the hill above them at the And shadows feet of Massasoit. is silver coat. westDappled her

His bronze features are impassive, as befits Holds but a scarlet memory of the sun?

of the witnessing sachem The Winnebagos is theThis the heart dream remembers;

history. farreaching isThis beauty well so known

silent, too, this are resimple by awed We stir breezes the sunset embersWhen a of long minder ring the bluebell. columbine'sAnd CONVERTED

Forgotten day. theAh, summit! blood waking, Slow

voice, harsh, is heard. man's Barbara Ladue By McKay A spirit, humble, proud,The yet meek,

it all is? "Is that simpleJust those few the silence,In vast aching, and

in Lord, those tons born old Mormon, a motheaten costumes? was not listen! andWait speak! Hear God

I If had known, you'd that never got have has bothered me. I And

today. I've felt that I Why, I've seen better always Me here You see,

.!".. shows. to thee belong not Could

A HOUSEWIFE'S THANKSGIVING Foolish man! Does he not know this living AsWho'vefully knownas thy chosenthee sinceonestheir birth

By Pearl Deming Hendrie Is a pageantmoving oil, a painting of how it was AndYou keptsent theto savelaws theandearth.gospel which

three years hundred ago? are thelliNE lowly, tasks: humble life is of that these could They comfortable Thy not know new to me way*"* the keep shining clean, To windows to learn houses, so much I have

hearthfire's makeTo my cars, humbleness gleaming steady glow These and truth before Of these warm overcoats

Fall on a that is serene. home thee this cold day, I must return. on To

living, free This the America, from grew

True, I shall to sit not be asked feelings, the of their not seed years I thought long enough council tables the ofAt great; to right the thoughts, earn to Their as church For they marched me

trembling evildoer hearsNo to those with stand worship who've walked the To lips of hisFrom mine dreaded fate. The ways God

this light free into land. darkness Of From

Instead, the of tramp sturdy shoes I that of they But could hope. one say and them dream And amResounds floor, kitchen upon my I that that belong. they can hope we And And know

sniff eager nosesAnd the scents I, in too, blessed, vain. not Marched I know am But now

Escaping from door. oven my in heart's song. a And my

Let others flaunt their soaring pride Conversion is an honor, too!

In pictured scene or lilting first see, I could not song; At

is theMine accolade hardwon grateful say with But I can

That follows on the dinner gong. That I have chosen thee! heart

NEVER COUNT THE GOLD PIONEER BURIAL GROUND

By Helen Harrington By Janet Moore

WHEN you give a beggar Amid a tangle of shrubs and vines,

All your pockets hold, Faithful to your trust, you've kept

Throw it wide and freely. The record of pioneers who here

Never count the gold. Close to a century have slept.

When you paint a picture, Of Ann and John's five children who share

Believe the scene is grand. A stone, all gone one winter week;

Never spare the color; Of wives as young as maids; and heroes

Paint with lavish hand. Of Indian wars—of these you speak.

Life, however tawdry, Few aged you record; a silence

Is such wond'rous stuff Telling louder than words proclaim

That the most we give it The toll a frontier land demands

Barely is enough. "Religious News Service Photo Of those who come to conquer, tame.

780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA gs&5!S5S5S!S&5533S

Dm president

<=J-)avLa L/: Aa,

IN THE "WORLD''

that most impressive prayer of the and evil influences. It is possible to be willINSavior's, he says, speaking of his Aposing to oppose outward attacks and yet pertles, "These are in the world,"and then mit insidious encroachment upon our souls

adds these significant words, "I pray not that which weakens our power to defend the thou shouldest take them out of the world, truth.

but that thou shouldest keep them from the This is an individual work, and what evil."(John 17:11, 15.) the individuals are, the aggregate is. I

This is in harmony with the teachings of remember driving over a beautiful valley the Book of Mormon, as recorded in the fortywith a party of friends. We passed a

second chapter of the Book of Alma, where bounteous wheat field. There it stood apart

it is explained why the children of God are from the sagebrush and barren surroundings, here in this world; viz., to mingle with the and it was an impressive sight to see. One

sons of men, to gain an experience that will of the party expressed his admiration of the bring them back to God, but not to partake luxuriant growth and was satisfied to pass of the sins of the world. by. But there was one who was not satisfied

The Savior said to his Apostles on the with looking at it in the aggregate; the consame evening that he offered that beautiful veyance was stopped and he looked at indiprayer: "... be of good cheer; I have overvidual heads of wheat and exclaimed, "Look

come the world."(John 16:33.) Going soon what large heads."Just one; it was the

to meet his Father, he admonished them to individual stalk that gave him that impresfollow his example, praying not that God sion. That was not enough. He broke the

should take them out of the world, but that head, shuffled it in his hand, blew the chaff he should keep them from the evil. away, and examined each kernel. "The kerTrees that can stand in the midst of the nels,"continued he, "are plump and solid."

hurricane often yield to the destroying pests In the final analysis, the test of that wheat that we can scarcely see with a microscope. field was the individual kernel of wheat, and

Likewise the greatest foes of humanity today so it is in a community, so it is in the Church.

are the subtle and sometimes unseen influThe test, after all, of the faithfulness and ences at work in society that are undermining effectiveness of God's people is an individual the manhood and womanhood of today. It one. What is the individual doing? Each

is these influences that come from the world one should ask, "Am I living so that I am and overcome us, if we are not careful, when keeping unspotted from the evils of the we are least prepared to defend ourselves. world?"

When we do not withstand the encroachGod wants us here. His plan of redempments of these evil influences, we weaken our tion, so far as we are concerned, is here, and

power to defend the Church of Christ. we have the responsibility of testifying to

Many, if not most, members of the Church the world that God's truth has been revealed, would be willing to defend it against open and of demonstrating that men and women attack. I have seen boys, apparently indifcan live in this world free and uncontamiferent to Church interests, on occasions nated from the sins thereof, as did the Lord

stand up in expressive defiance against atand Redeemer in his day.

tack upon the Church. And yet those who {Concluded on following page)

would defend the truth from open and obvious attack may, under some circumstances, yield, almost without resistance, to subtle

NOVEMBER 1951 781

THE EDITOR'S PAGE {Concluded from preceding page) port his temptation, for remember the devil can

Now, what do we mean by the world? It is find scripture for his purpose, and "... an evil

sometimes used as an indefinite term. I take it soul producing holy witnesses is like a villain

that the world refers to the inhabitants who are with a smiling cheek, a goodly apple rotten at alienated from the Saints of God. They are aliens the heart. Oh, what a goodly outside falsehood

to the Church, and it is the spirit of this alienation has!"But the Savior answered him in terms of

from which we should keep ourselves free. We are scripture. "It is written again, thou shalt not

told by Paul not to conform to the fashions of the tempt the Lord thy God."(Ibid., 4:7.)

world. Timothy was warned not to partake of What was the third? An appeal to his love of

the evils of the world, and to "Flee also youthful power, dominion, wealth: "All these things, [the

lusts: but follow righteousness, faith, charity, kingdoms of the world and the glory thereof] I

peace, with them that call on the Lord out of a will give thee,"said the tempter, "if thou wilt fall pure heart."(II Timothy 2:22.) Zion is the pure down and worship me."(Ibid., 4:9.)

in heart, we have been told, and the strength of "... Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written,

this Church lies in the purity of the thoughts and Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him lives of its members; then the testimony of Jesus only shalt thou serve."(Ibid., 4:10.)

abides in the soul, and strength comes to each Now, nearly every temptation that comes to you individual to withstand the evils of the world. and me comes in one of those forms. Classify

These evils present themselves insidiously in them, and you will find that under one of those our daily associations. They come in the shape three nearly every given temptation that makes you

of temptations, as they came to the Savior after and me spotted, ever so little, maybe, comes to us his baptism. What were those temptations? as ( 1 ) a temptation of the appetite or passion; ( 2

When Satan said,... command that these a yielding to pride, fashion, or vanity; or (3) a

stones be made bread,"(Matthew 4:3) he was desire for worldly riches or power and dominion

appealing to the appetite. He knew that Jesus was over lands, earthly possessions of men.

hungry, that he was physically weak, and thought Now, when do temptations come? Why, they

that by pointing to the stones which resembled come to us in our social gatherings; they come to

somewhat a Jewish loaf of bread, he could awaken us in our politics; they come to us in our business

a desire to eat. relations, on the farm, in the mercantile establishFailing in that, when he received the divine ment; in our dealings in all the affairs of life, we

word, "... man shall not live by bread alone, but'find these insidious influences working; and it is

by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth when they manifest themselves to the consciousof God."(Ibid., 4:4.) Satan then tried him in anness of each individual that the defense of truth

itself. "If ye love me,"says the other way. He dared him—an appeal to his should exert

14:15.) pride, to his vanity—and quoted scripture to supLord, "keep my commandments."(John

Are Distillers'Feeds an Argument for Alcohol?

vSu dorm -/v. Vvidtsoe

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

THEas Worda warningof Wisdomto the peoplewas given"in consequenceby the Lord vinceIn themanyalcoholicthat thefield,claimswhereof a countlessproducer tragediesare true.

of evils and designs which do and will exist are developing daily, a battle has long been ragin the hearts of conspiring men."1 Such conspiring, a battle to control or to set aside entirely the

ing men have operated from the use of alcoholic beverages for beginning of time. The history human use.

of fraud is an ugly chapter in Indeed, the alcoholic liquor the story of humankind. There Evidences purveyors are among the forehas been no hesitancy by such most of the "conspiring"men

people to add injurious or useAND who for the sake of gain are less substances to food prodwilling to injure mankind. They

ucts to gain more money. Reconciliations appear to have no conscience.

deplorable This is more the cause beCLX Theytwist truthdo tonotmakehestitateit appearto mass of mankind seem to be easily deceived. to favor liquor. There is an

Wellplanned adelement of dis-

/ vertising will con- A honesty running A ll to tk ArnSwer Arn the althroughout e f\yliaiUonS OfMJUJovith ID. & C, 89:4.

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA coholic business, no matter where it is touched. feeder who knows the composition of crops plans

A recent publication of the alcoholic group is an an effective dietary for his animals without the excellent illustration of the duplicity practised by use of distillers'feeds.

the alcohol vendors to trap ignorant people to In fact, in contrast to the total crop productake another glass of whiskey. It is a pamphlet tion, the amount of corn used by the distillers

of letter size, beautifully printed with is small—only about 1.6 percent of all the devices of art, color, pictures, the national grain production—and is

the best grade of paper, appealing really of little consequence in the in looks to every reader. U. S. animal economy. But, the

This pamphlet is called, "Distilevil in it is, through alcohol, imlers'Feeds, their Importance to the measurable.

U. S. Economy."It argues that the Alcohol is the product which, bedistillers of alcoholic drinks, through cause of its effect upon the human

the feeds remaining after the carbobody and mind, becomes of first hydrates have been fermented, are importance in the study of the busigiving the nation "something for ness of fermentation. The evil that

nothing."It gives the impression lurks in the business of advertising

that the whole livestock industry of and distillers'fields is made manifest the country is dependent upon the by the fact that no mention is made amount of alcohol produced. Cleverof the alcohol product, its nature or

ly written, cleverly designed, cleveffect upon the human body. The

erly produced, it agrees perfectly whole pamphlet attempts to divert with the Lord's warning against the attention of the reader from al- "conspiring"men. cohol and seeks to fasten it upon the

By this time it should be fairly byproducts of the process of distilwell-known that in grain and many lation.

other plant seeds there is a conThe pamphlet bears all the marks siderable amount of starch, which produces alcoof a deliberate attempt to deceive the public. For

hol under fermentation. The other constituents that reason it must be classed as a scandalous

in the substance used remain more or less unoffering of which the authors should be thoroughly changed. It is this remnant which the distillers ashamed.

shout to the world as a foremost factor in the The pamphlet has beautiful pictures of fat, sleek national economy. cattle and hogs and lively, wellfed poultry. NoThe facts are that in all plant products are where, however, is there any picture of the broken

several nutrients—carbohydrates (starch), prohome, the heartbroken wife, the povertyridden

tein, fat, ash, and vitamins. When the carbochildren, and the social and economic misery

hydrates are removed by fermentation, the other following the entrance of the demon alcohol into ingredients remain. Consequently the resulting the precincts of the home. Neither does it

mass is richer, percentagewise, in protein, fat, show the characterless slave, no longer a man ash, and vitamins, than the original substances. with a will, who follows when the demon assumes

Such feeds may then supply any deficiency of mastery.

these substances in the required diet. To place the welfare of beasts before the

However, there are many ways that this may happiness of men, women, and children is a viobe done. The farmer and the meat producer are lation of the moral code of a Christian land.

not dependent upon the distillers. Plants vary,

As this pamphlet was written, the bloated whiskey for example, in their protein content. The

leguminous family, peas and beans, heads the devil sat on his whiskey barrel gloating and list in percentages of protein substance; cabbage, laughing.

cauliflower, and Brussels sprouts follow, and root The distillers do not give something for nothing crops are generally lower. An intelligent animal as they claim. They give hell for heaven.

THE PAGEANT GROWS

has drawn larger throngs, including visitors from recent return attending from the pageant On his at America's Presithe far corners of North America and from distant Witness for Christ, Hill Cumorah, dent David O. McKay brought with him a page from lands.

the Rochester, New York, Democrat and Chronicle, Only a few years ago, men and women still dated August 10, 1951, on which appears this ediwere living in Western New York who could torial; we would like to share it with the readers of recall the early days of the Church of Jesus Christ

the Era. of Latterday Saints when Joseph Smith and his followers were hounded from this state to Ohio,

Illinois, to to Missouri, across Nauvoo, and thence ForAmerica'sthe tenth Witnesstime, the[orgreatChrist,Mormonis beingpageant,preplains in the to the migration valley epochal an sented this week at Hill Cumorah, south of of Great Salt Lake. It was said that Nauvoo

Palmyra. Each year since its inception, the pageant (Concluded on page 845)

NOVEMBER 1951 783 THE LOS ANGELES TEMPLE

22, 1951, September hunone On to twentythree years the dred and day (f->u /Joseph jrleldina Smitn, from the time the Angel Moroni visited the Prophet Joseph Smith, ground PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE was broken for the Los Angeles

Temple.

'Edward O. Anderson-"Architect

Several years have passed since and in clearing the way for the designated House of the Lord the promise was made to the erection of the building, offered the should stand.

members of the Church residopening prayer, and Patriarch In the course of their remarks, ing in southern California that they Eldred G. Smith, the benediction. President David O. McKay and the

were to have a temple. The fulIn removing the first shovel filled brethren dwelt upon the reason for

filment of this promise was delayed with dirt, President David O. the building of temples and the

because of the confusion, distress, McKay said: "I now declare the importance of the sacred ordinances

and uncertainty resulting from war first shovel of dirt raised over the which are designed by divine reveand bloodshed, restrictive laws, and site of the Los Angeles Temple lation to be performed therein, and unfavorable conditions prevailing all to impress endeavored upon is to the reared to be glory forin our these country many which there the assembled those who were to the his salvation of and of God lastyears. the time At has come, the obligation under which memand on Saturday, September 22, people."Following this action, bers of the Church are placed in

1951, at midday, ground was President Stephen L Richards, relation to their own salvation and broken officially as a token that President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., exaltation, and the salvation and

the building of the House of the President Joseph Fielding Smith, exaltation of their worthy dead.

Lord in the Los Angeles area is Patriarch Eldred G. Smith, memnow to be accomplished. These bers of the First Council of the 1 EMPLE building and the performexercises were directed by PresiSeventy, Presidents Levi Edgar ance of sacred ordinances in

dent David O. McKay of the Young and Milton R. Hunter, the them is a doctrine that is peculiar

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterthree members of the Presidto the Church of Jesus Christ of day Saints. At this gathering, reing Bishopric, LeGrand Richards, Latterday Saints. This important

marks appropriate to the occasion Joseph L. Wirthlin, and Thorpe B. part of the gospel, which was unwere made by President David O. Isaacson, the members of the derstood and practised in ancient

McKay, his Counselors, Stephen L Building Committee, Howard J. times, and which was understood

Richards and J. Reuben Clark, Jr.; McKean, Edward O. Anderson, perfectly by the members of the

President Joseph Fielding Smith, Frank B. Bowers, Howard Barker, Church in the first century of the

representing the Council of the and Clarence W. Silver, and others, Christian era, has been lost to the

Twelve Apostles; Presiding Bishop including Mayor Bowron of Los world along with other sacred rites

LeGrand Richards, representing Angeles and Mayor Dean Olson of and ordinances that were known in the Aaronic Priesthood, and Mayor Beverly Hills each removed a shovancient Israel and practised by the

Fletcher Bowron of the city of Los el of earth. Following this cereSaints in the Church in the days of

Angeles. Elder Preston D. Richmony, President David O. McKay the Apostles.

ards, who labored faithfully and offered the dedicatory prayer, dediThe Lord commanded Israel to well in the preparation of legal cating the lot in the name of the build a temple while they were still matters for the securing of the site Lord as a place upon which this wandering in the wilderness and 784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ministered. When the children of

Israel desecrated it, enemies ransacked and plundered and partially destroyed it. On the return from

the captivity, Israel was commanded to build it again, and under difficulties this was done, only to have it desecrated again through

Judah's transgression. The third

edifice, which was the temple in

Jerusalem in the days of our Lord, was finally destroyed so that not one stone remained on another.

In this dispensation, three years from the organization of the Church had not passed before the Lord commanded the members to build a house to his name. Six months

later the Lord rebuked the Church because they had not commenced this important work and commanded that this be speedily accourtesy Deseret '—Photograph The News

soil of to right) complished. The cornerstones of Mayor Fletcher Bowron of Los Angeles takes his turn in removing as (left a spadeful

Fielding President Joseph Smith, Allen President M. Acomb, Clark, Jr., President J. Reuben David O. McKay, this temple were laid July 23, 1833,

the architect, Anderson, Edward O. Howard J. McKean, chairman of the building committee, Church Mayor Dean Olson of Beverly Hills, who is also bishop of Beverly Hills Ward, and President Stephen L Richards and in March 1836, this house

stand in the background. which had been erected in the povbefore they were privileged to enter and to build a house in the land of promerty and by the sacrifice of the

their promised land. This edifice ise, that those ordinances might be remembers was dedicated to the Lord

vealed been hid from before the in which the city of Kirtland, had Ohio. built ofwas the most expensive ma- (D. C. 124:37-8.) world was. 6 ordinance Temples and workterials that Israelites the afcould

therein essential are parts of the in It is theirford poverty. quite in Israel established was When restoration of the gospel. the Ingenerally of the as taberspoken the inheritances the given them by of the Prophet, days attempts werenacle so that constructed and was of the covenant Lord Abraham, to at build temples made Independit could set be up taken and down that magnificent a temcommanded ence, Missouri, County, Jackson Israel theas Children of moved ple reared. the king debe David at in state, that Far and West same is place. to placefrom the This this sired build to house but was these but buildings erected not werefirst of temple recwhich have we his forbidden because hands were the of because drivmobbings and full itord. for purpose The which in this blood, magnifistained and ing of our the people from borders not used dowas there know, but we left his for temple cent son was state. that of sacred ordinanceswere practised erect. to acSolomon Lord The built The Temple Nauvoo was its thatwithin walls essential were it it finished, cepted was and when the under most adverse circumto eternal the of welfare the people. it in sacred ordinances adwere (Concluded on page 798)We know that whatever the ordinances were, they applied only to Air view of temple site and surrounding territory.

the living, for there was no work for the untildone vicariously dead after the resurrection of our Lord, jS$& -:-'-::--:y;\ ';r;-:M:mmm;mm:S:Sv "'...: -'::.:.-.v.>.-.-.-.>. -;..>'"...'lii:.'

who went to the world of spirits the gulfand bridged which separated the righteous the from un- ',,: -*

righteous for it possible and made

for thethe ordinances dead to be "'vStto '-"-,>:..;;'",';;;::.

performed.

We learn from the revelation given January 19, 1841 that there were ordinances revealed and practised in behalf of the children of

Ancient Israel, for the Lord has r:**S%* '},;-- *'***

said:

'-ftiKifc. ''

again, verily I say And unto you, how shall;.:?- '&&%?&&"??%Pt&3&&:->qt your acceptable washings be unto

me, except ye perform them in a house which you have built to my name?

For, for this cause I commanded Moses that he should build a tabernacle, that they should bear it with them in the wilderness,

NOVEMBER 1951 IWlillI I 'i* t.-.. -:----:-.-

pJ& - \* UL WORLD JAREDITES Of% PART III

vSu Mu,ak ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Sart abandoned an upon we came Once of B.C. floods which 1300 Note on the Weather world A and thrownup dams where newly

to taken have know we now to witness bore excavations place village,uncompleted F.Dear

in the course of recorded history.** the departed population's desperate strugBut that water. to the vanishing retain is gratifying to gle you know of students have So hypnotized

there.more no.. was come a had when day of the last at read BookIT have ease the and disociety by become the stood animals to had. by be water The

it in is not, that found and Ether for in vain places sought evolutionwatering rectness and an with which in houses, the moisture, its wept "chloroform the women name,spite of applied be ruleof-thumb in ary may to in the mosque the gathered and men to thingprint."which you are The life, that of the contingencies to all alone miracle which for the to Allah pray

now objecting, "the extravagant the raging of the elements and the could save their many homes. (Cf. Ether

vilthe happened; But no miracle 1:38). account overdone of howand in of empires they crash go unheeded the last extremity water, lage got and in no is the very the ocean,"crossed their graphs and handbooks. With their the thrown people had of famine

thing to which my last letter was examples gross as earth before most indispensable possessions onto the hastily and donkeys horses remaining and reended,leading. you will still We to recognize disdain they them, fatheir lands of the left their homes and it that observation thecall, with sensational as as village cheaply (n. anything their aksakal to follow thers

must have been something terrific plagues and earthquakes, nor will elder, cf. the Brother of lared) out into

that drove the Jaredites out of the they acknowledge the frightening thesearchparchedfor water.46country around on a desperate

land. What was it? speed with which the scenes of

The butans of Central Asia are world history are shifted. The fate of the unhappy wanderers

terrible at all times. Ancient and Sir Aurel Stein in his book Louis thus described: "Later on we

modern travelers tell almost unLan has described the deserted sometimes met with small parties of believable but uniform tales of those houses and streets of that city these former agricultural villagers, appalling winds which almost daily standing exactly as they did fourwho now drifted about out on the shift vast masses of sand, dust, and teen centuries ago, when their insteppes as unhappy nomads. The

even gravel from one part of the habitants were driven forth by fugitives had been obliged to divide continent to another. 13 * The great drought so sudden and severe that into small groups, since no one

loess deposits on the eastern and neither the wood of the fruit trees waterhole "*7could accommodate western fringes of the vast area nor the most delicate fabrics have them all bear witness to even more dreadful rotted since then. The mighty city Is not this the story of the disdust storms that accompanied the of Etsina was just as suddenly depersion in miniature? You know

drying up of the land after the glaserted six hundred years ago, and the story of how the ancestors of cial epoch. But it is when the not found until 1908: "all natural the Etruscans were driven out of

world's weather gets out of hand, life died. The trees of the forest Asia Minor by drought and moved

as it has a number of times in the threw themselves to the ground to the west, hunting for a promised course of history, that the blowing (referring, of course, to the terrible land. It is not merely water these

sands of Asia bring mighty empires winds)... and storms arose which people were looking for, but a betto ruin, bury great cities almost soon buried the country in sand."ter land, above all, a better grazing

overnight, and scatter the tribes in To this day the trees remain unland. In the epic of the Beni Hilal

all directions to overrun and subdecayed, "like sundried mummies, we are shown how one of the greatmerge the more favored civilizadead, naked and gray.... Over est of Arab tribes was driven from

tions of the east and west. The a vast area, once shady forest, they their homes by seven years of hot

weather of Asia is the great central lay in thousands.... We passed winds, and how they sought a

drivingmechanism of world hisother ruins of deserted strongholds, promised land, first in Central Asia tory. It is only of recent years that and with strange sensations dug up and then in Morocco. It was when

men have begun to correlate the objects that no human being had the rest of the world was smitten great migrations of history, with touched for more than six hundred with famine that Egypt became the their attendant wars and revoluyears....,'"The same traveler refuge of the patriarchs, for "there

tions, with those major weather who reports these things was to was corn in Egypt."As you know,

crises such as the great wind and witness the recurrence of this familthere are two classic points or cendrought of 23002200 B.C. and the iar Asiatic tragedy with his own ters of radiation from which all

'Numbers refer to bibliography at end of article. eyes: the great migrations of antiquity

786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA took their beginning—the heart of sources of early oriental history, wanted to mount up to die starry

Asia and {to a far lesser degree) cites the Sibyll to the effect that heavens. But forthwith the Immorthe Arabian desert. Is it not re- "when all men were of one tongue, tal One laid great stress upon the

markable that the migrations of the some of them built a high tower so blasts, so that the wind overthrew

Book of Mormon take their deas to mount up to heaven, but God the mighty tower, and drove morparture from these same two cendestroyed the tower by mighty tals to strive with one another. And

ters? winds. 49 Two centuries earlier Thewhen the tower had fallen, the

You must get over the idea that ophilus of Antioch gave a fuller languages of men were divided up history moves at a slow, even, maversion of the story, quoting the into many dialects, so that the jestic pace. It does not. The sudSibyll in verse: "After the cataearth became filled50 with different

den calamity that overtook an clysm cities and kings had a new kingdoms of men."The Book of

Asian village in 1927 has struck rebeginning, in this manner. The Jubilees (second century B.C.) tells

peatedly in the past, dispersing the first city of all was Babylon,.. and how "the Lord sent a mighty wind

inhabitants of mighty capitals to one by the name of Nimrod became against the tower and overthrew it become wanderers on the earth, its king.... Since at that time men upon the earth, and behold it was

"and when the storm laid itself to tended to become scattered, they between Asshur and Babylon in the rest, the flying sands solidified took counsel of themselves and not land of Sinar, and they called its again and the terrified nomads of the Lord, to build a city and a name "Overthrow."51 The zealous

found the whole face of nature tower the top of which would reach and learned Persian antiquary, changed into new shapes."48 And of to heaven, so that their own name Tha'labi (d. 1030 A.D.), records

all the many cities and empires dismight be glorified.... Thus speaks the report that the people were

persed by a sudden puff of burning the Sibyll: But when the threats of scattered from the tower by an

air, Babel, the city of the tower, has the great God were fulfilled of awful drought, accompanied by left behind the richest deposit of which he had warned mortal men winds of such velocity as actually legend and tradition. at the time, they built a tower in to blow down the tower. 62 "Forty

Eusebius in his Chvonicon, which the Assyrian land. They all once years after the tower was finished,"

has proved one of the most reliable spoke the same language and {Continued on page 833)

An artist's conception of the building of the vessels by Jared and his people.—Painting by Goff Dowding

NOVEMBER 1951 787 EVERY

sion but also to the conversion of his brother David.

Five years later William married

Ann Grace; two daughters were

born to them, but both died in in- f* fancy. In 1848 his wife also passed

away. This was a severe blow to

William, and he turned to his religion and music with more fervor than before.

William and David were choir members of the Liverpool Branch of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints, and together they sang songs about "The Promised Land,"and poured out the longings of their hearts and expressed their desires to mingle with the Saints.

THE PROMISED LAND

There is a land beyond the sea

Where I would like to be, And dearer far than all the rest

Is that choice land to me.

Two of the songs written in England to speed the Saints on their way. My longing eyes would fair behold

Those beauteous hills that are so fair,

I know it is the promised land,

My home, my home is there.

choir. they Later Baptist church people not do who "The

I to see long day happy The in in other great demand anwere reyere the deeds of their free, shall be Zion When cestors will never do anything churches in that vicinity. The And all her children will return

to be remembered by their degroup consisted of Isaac Grace And I among them be.

hills those everlasting Upon and his Abraham—Thomasscendants."Babington Macaulay andMarywifeHolding,Elizabeth, JohnDavid Cunliff,Evans, With

and William Evans. Because I know it is the promisedseedland,to share.

Dograndparentsyou rememberhavestoriestold youryou; thison, Charlottelove of musicEvans wasAdamspassedcolMy home, my home is there.

stories about the group that lected the songs her father sang and Many people have left their loved to sew, and they gathered in composed, and kept them in a metal native land with thoughts of doubt sewing bees; and the group that trunk. This story is about that and uncertainty. This was not the

liked to act gathered together and father, and some of the songs his case with William and other Saints produced fine drama? Because some daughter preserved. who had but one goal: a peaceful

loved to dance, their descendants home in the tops of the mountains.

have heard many stories about the May 1848 found William on a ship good times they had swinging their One Sunday morning, in the fall on the rolling ocean. When he

partners. of 1841, William Minshall Evans arrived in New York, he found that

Because my grandmother, Charpaused in a narrow alley in LiverPresident Brigham Young had lotte Evans Adams, belonged to the pool, England. He loved music, asked that any mechanics arriving

group that loved to sing, I have and the strains he heard were so help repair wagons for the journey heard the stories of her father: impressive that he forgot his own across the plains. William went

of his conversation, of the choir he call of duty and followed the direcfrom one place to another where organized, and of the joy people tion whence these notes came. They groups of Saints were assembled

had when they met and poured led him up rickety stairs and into preparing for the westward trek out their hearts in songs of love a room where a few people were and helped them repair and build and praise to their Creator. holding a meeting. The young wagons. In time he had worked

In Liverpool, England, in 1840singer was Elder John Taylor, and his way to St. Louis and found

41, there was a small group that he sang so well that William also steady employment. He then saved

loved to sing together and were alstayed to hear the sermon. This enough to help bring his brother

ways found in their places in the incident not only led to his converDavid and wife Mary to America.

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Speak gently to the young, for they

Will have enough to bear;

Pass through this life as best they may,

It is full of anxious care.SONG TELLS

Speak gently to the erring ones,

They must have toiled in vain;

Perchance unkindness made them so,

Oh, win them back again! A STORY

Speak gently to the aged one Dm Jtadie Ar. (ureenkalak GrieveThe sandsnot ofthelifecarewornare nearlyheart.run;

Let such in peace depart.

After their arrival, the two men Old Williams camped out on the prairie Speak gently, kindly, to the poor.

tones harsh be heard. Let no mobocrat crew a drunken mean worked their way to Kanesville, With they have must endure enough butcher They in and march he would And said

Iowa (Council Bluffs), and saved All the noble, brave boys of Nauvoo. Without an unkind word.

enough to bring their parents and brother Charles from England. The The sheriff then called out his posse Speak gently, 'tis a little thing

in heart's the well. deep Dropped flew. oh, the dust then heavens, Good three brothers and their parents

it the joy, good, which The may bring earth moving seemed All and heaven worked hard to prepare for the From the noble, brave boys of Nauvoo. Your dying thoughts may tell.

journey to Utah. Their faithful

mother did her share. Along with On Sunday the sun shone in splendor, In June 1851, William started the

other pioneer women she steamed And bravely we marched the streets journey across the plains in Orson the timber to bend into wagon bows For through,the battlefield we were all ready Pratt's company. He was bugler

and of course had the responsibility All noble, brave boys of Nauvoo. for the company and played the

of preparing clothing, bedding, and similar to instrument canopeon, an other verses perhaps (There were for the trip. food cornet. did not to our modern William lost.) this song that been have

During the cholera epidemic, realize that a young girl in the next

William's mother was stricken with The sacred words of: "O My company listened for his bugle

the disease and died after an illness Father,"and a note to the effect sound all through the long journey.

of only three hours. This was a that they were composed by Eliza At the first party given by Ballo's

terrible disappointment to all of R. Snow, were also recorded on Band, after reaching Salt Lake,

them, and the father was so brokenthese notebook pages. William met this girl: Charlotte

hearted that he had no desire to Jarold Hyder, who later became his continue to Utah but returned to wife.

England. On the morning of April 6, 1 853,

While at Kanesville, William and thousands of Latterday Saints asDavid became identified with Capsembled in conference. President

tain Ballo's famous band. The Young made a few remarks; the

members of this group that later choir sang; and prayer was offered

came to Utah organized one of the by Elder John Taylor. A procession

first bands in the state. A group then formed and moved to the founof songs, written on leaves from dation of the temple to witness the

a notebook, once new, but now ceremonies of laying the corneryellowed with age, and edges torn, stones. William and David both

must have been sung around the sang in the choir on this occasion.

campfire at Kanesville, and later While Elder Taylor prayed, Wilas they crossed the plains. "The liam's thoughts undoubtedly went

Upper California"and "The Happy back to the time he had first heard

Land"were probably sung to stirthis elder sing in Liverpool.

ring tunes that kept up spirits when WILLIAM EVANS The following month William dediscouragement would have otherFrom an old print cided to go to Salt Creek, now wise prevailed. No doubt much Nephi, where the prospects apfervor was injected into the song: The gentle sermon, found in the pealed to him. Soon after arriving,

"The Noble, Brave Boys of Naufollowing song, could well be he started to build an adobe home.

voo,"by those who had been in preached from our pulpits today. William had not been in Salt

Nauvoo during the time the Nauvoo Creek before he received word from

Legion tried so gallantly to defend SPEAK GENTLY Brigham Young to organize a choir the beautiful city. and act as its leader. William's

Speak gently, it is better far

To rule by love than fear, response was immediate because this

THE NOBLE, BRAVE BOYS OF Speak gently, let no harsh words mar was the work he loved. For a while

NAUVOO The good we may do here. he had a difficult time because the

choir needed light to practice by in

I'll tell you about a war meeting Speak gently to the little child,

That made all the mobbers look blue Its love be sure to gain; the evenings, and candles were

Which has lately been held in this city Teach it in accents soft and mild, scarce. Therefore the members took

By the noble, brave boys of Nauvoo. It may not long remain. (Continued on page 831)

NOVEMBER 1951 789 If you go with your husband, you will probably have to learn early one fact that is one of the LadiesIn-Waiting most difficult things for a wife to accept: A man's job is just as important to him as his wife! To you,

ones for your marriage your feeling and WiJ,d n j< 4 husband are paramount, your and that's as it should be. But to a

girls for friends bridebride a or a among you are new who other things are, of necessity, are man, interalso position. If tobe, find Their in your your dreams you may almost his wife. as important as

of being a charming young ests will be yours, and their underThere will be days when he will matron presiding over your own standing of your problems can be come home tired, depressed, and lovely home shattered. And all be- a tremendous help. withdrawn. Then is when you

cause Uncle Sam seems to need Following your husband as he is must be at your feminine best.

your husband more than you do transferred from camp to camp calls Understanding, sympathy, and just right now. for courage and fortitude in large plain friendliness will be his priIf your husband is in service, measure. Chances are you will find mary needs. Don't think he has

you will probably find yourself housing bad, even if your husband stopped caring for you just because following one of three courses: is an officer. Then it will be up to he doesn't greet you with his usual

staying home with your parents, you to make a home from practicalwarmth. He may have seen his

attempting to establish a home by ly nothing. The lovely silver and best friend seriously hurt in a trainyourself, or moving from town to linens and dishes you received as ing accident that day. Under the

town with your husband. Any of a bride will probably be better off strain of army or navy life, you

these modes of living presents its left at home stored in boxes. Even must quickly learn to understand

own special problems, and it will the best of shippers are apt to your husband. You haven't the time

be up to you as a wife to make it break or lose pieces for you. So to make mistakes as you might havea success—and it won't be easy. the thing to do is "makedo"with in normal living. His buddies

Make up your mind to that. But it inexpensive but attractive housemay not be your choice of friends

can be done. wares. Gaiety and charm should but remember he was thrown with

The first choice, staying at home, be the keynote. A lavish use of these men, and has come to know

brings problems because while you paint in an unattractive room does and like them under tough condiare a married woman with the dewonders. Don't buy expensive (Continued on page 823)

sire to live independently, you will paint or draperies or slip covers.

probably find yourself regarded by Remember this is a temporary life members of the family as primarily you are living. Buy things you

a girl at home, subject to the same can leave behind without tears.

rules and regulations, the same disciplines and parental concern as when you were single. If you, even

for a short time, had a home of your own with your husband, you will probably find that living with the family is difficult. But you will

have to be the one who grits your teeth and keeps your lips shut tight against angry words because you are the guest! It's a paradoxical

situation but often the most satisfactory for the girl who is waiting, because it affords the protection of an established home. It also helps

with the loneliness and boredom which are the main drawbacks to the other two choices of living alone.

You will also find that your former best friends, if still single, seem changed and distant. It's

you who changes. While you are

concerned with worry over your husband's very life, all they are worrying about is what to wear to the stake dance. It's bound to make

you more mature and your emotions deeper than theirs. So look

790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was reared in the Jewish Church, and when my father died, I I attended the synagogue daily to recite the ritual prayer for the dead for one year. Thereafter this

intercession for the departed was to be made annually. Later when

I was in communion with Protestant sects, I was taught to refrain from praying for the dead; this

teaching probably crept into Protestantism as it broke away from

Roman Catholicism. Before joining

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (I was baptized on

October 17, 1948), I began to rebel against the doctrine of not praying for the departed. One of

the doctrines that brought me into this, the only true Church, was baptism for the dead, and I rejoiced PRINCESS STREET IN EDINBURGH to know that in some cases it is possible to do more for the dead than for the living. ADVENTURE INTO

I made a practice of studying the

Articles of Faith by James E. Talmage, in the local reference library, GENEALOGY

and I noticed that Elders Young and Harrison took turns every porting the bodies from other parts

Monday night in copying the recof Scotland. Later a road was i5u";l JidneiA<;f Ctearner

ords of the Howff, a very old built over this burying ground, and it transferred Place to Braid was associated withcemetery Mary, in Logie, to stones reported I was to presagain Newington. and At in of Scots. they were AsQueen

I police, for the evening one was in die ent of the bodies Jews who for only, a few monthsDundee a policeman approached who, by Piershill. in are buried Edinburgh this to onlythey begin managed

it finding harmless out on how work. Later I was asked to comWhile copying the stones of the to record inscriptions, told me ofis

plete the copying out of the Howff old cemetery, Dundee, an investian old graveyard in Aberfeldy, records, and I found this labor of gator was taking a stroll here with Perthshire, where Pontius Pilate is love very interesting as it unfolded his dog and showed interest in supposed to have been born. This

rarely known facts about the hiswhat I was doing, particularly as is not surprising because the Rotory of Dundee. he and his wife had lost their only mans invaded Scotland before

Meanwhile I also began copying child. I had the opportunity of Jesus Christ took upon him a body,

the Hebrew and English inscriptelling him about the teaching of so that he could make atonement tions on Jewish gravestones in the Church, about what happens for humanity's sins.

Dundee and Edinburgh and found to children when they die—that At present we are excavating in

this a good means of improving my they continue to develop in the Old Mains Parish Cemetery. I

slight knowledge of Hebrew, which spirit world in knowledge of the learned that this graveyard also is of great help in comparing difgospel (according to their desires began after the twelfth century ferent translations of the Bible. One to learn this), and that they may when Mains Church was first built

old Jewish cemetery I discovered become citizens of the kingdom of and that what remains of the in Braid Place, Edinburgh, had a heaven, even as the living. original records of births, marpolice station built over part of it One of the oldest churchyards riages, deaths, and other things

On making inquiries at Register in Scotland is Logie in Lochee, about the history of this church is

House, the synagogue, and the Dundee. The church was built kept secure in a chest inside

Jewish burial society, I was induring the twelfth century Common Arbroath Abbey. It was here that

formed that no records whatever Era. Later legislation was granted the Coronation Stone was hidden

existed for this old Jewish graveto begin using the adjacent ground when the Scottish Nationalists temyard. Thereupon, I applied to the for burials. During the Reforporarily removed it from Westsuperintendent of parks and cememation the church was destroyed. minster Abbey last winter. Accordteries for permission to copy the Houses are now built over part ing to legend it was this stone

inscriptions. In the Edinburgh of Logie Cemetery, and it is my which Jacob used as a pillow at

room of the public library on belief that excavations below them Bethel.

George IV bridge, I read that may bring to light lost records Having completed Old Mains formerly Scottish Jews buried their and undiscovered tombstones. Churchyard, I wrote the inscripdead on Calton Hill, even transWhile copying the remaining (Concluded on page 802)

NOVEMBER 1951 791 CANNONS AND THE CALL

the launched are on years machinery, with ago the between than a a hundred now "We More the of deep,"wrote mighty the vessel through of wind going a bosom Cannon, son and George

Manx sea captain, was courtGeorge in his journal as they trav- a keen frost. I have been six nights

ing Ann Quayle of the Isle of Man, eled westward, "and seasickness now without having my clothes off, "where all the common folk are has made the passengers for the watching my little ones, and keepladies and gentlemen, and all the most part very ill. My dear Ann ing them covered. My poor Davy

ladies and gentlemen are common is dreadfully affected with this took ill of the scarlet fever. He and

folk."He took his bride to live nauseous sickness, perhaps more so John Boyd's son are the only ones

in Liverpool while he plied his trade on account of her pregnancy. Not who have survived the complaint,

as a cabinetmaker. The happy cou- a morsel of food or drink will reof which fourteen died to my

ple were grateful for the six chilmain on her stomach—the moment knowledge from the ship's comlifts her head she is sick almost pany."dren sent them—a healthy family she

carefully nourished by the prudent to death. Yet I have never heard Because of low water and naviwife. From George's earnings the one complaint from her on her own gation difficulties up the MissisCannons were able to save a comaccount, but regret at not being sippi, the company did not reach

petent sum for future needs. able to assist me in the care of the Nauvoo until April 1843, seven

Then a brotherin-law, John children. Her stomach seems to months after leaving Liverpool.

Taylor, came from Canada. He have changed its functions, and Dark and dreadful days came upon

converted them to a strange, new this is the tenth day without anyNauvoo within the year. In June

religion, urging that they gather thing passing through her. The 1844, the Prophet and his brother

to Zion in America where the famchildren, Leonora and David, have were killed by a mob at Carthage ily might be reared in the faith. had no sickness; but George, Mary Jail, and the Cannons'uncle, John

Though Ann was again pregnant, Alice, Anny, and Angus have all Taylor, was wounded. George

she insisted that the family sail in been very sick. Cannon's deft fingers made the drag

the fall to avoid perilous icy spring "Saturday, 8th of October—My that carried the bodies home to

months of travel with a young poor Ann still continues very sick Nauvoo. He built the coffins. He

baby. Bidding goodbye to the ivyand is getting weaker every day. made death masks of the faces and

covered walls of security in old 'Are we far from New Orleans that heads of the dead leaders as they

England, Ann and George Cannon I may get some grapes and wine?'lay in state. When removing the

with six eager children set sail for is her constant inquiry. She talks cast from the Prophet's face, he

America. of her approaching death as of a found that a lock of hair had been

sleep, tells me not to lament her, caught in the plaster. He clipped

that if she lives to reach the Missisthe hair, handed it and the scissors cameSt. presidentGeorge Templein 1893.where David H. Cannon besippi she must be buried on land; if to his sixyear-old David who had

not the great deep must receive her accompanied him. Since David had

11 poor body. sat many times on the Prophet's

"This morning, Friday 28th of lap, the sight of the good man in

October, she fell asleep without a this sad state remained forever in sigh, and in the performance of the boy's memory. The lock of hair

what she considered the commands was preserved as a keepsake in the of God, and was buried at five in family.

the afternoon of the same day."A sad loss to little David was the

Lowering the mother into the sudden death of his own father cold dark water was shocking to during the next year. His oldest

all the children. But to fouryear- sister, Mary Alice, though hardly

old little David, her going was tersixteen, married Charles Lambert rifying. He persisted in trying to to provide a home for her young

go after his mother, and to prevent orphaned brothers and sisters. Afhis doing so he had to be tied to the ter the family had been driven from

berth. Then scarlet fever caused Nauvoo by the mobs, David rethe death of some children on turned to the city with his Uncle

board. Charles to collect some debts. The

"I had my trials in the ship child was numb with fear when

Sidney,"recorded George, "but the ruffians captured his uncle and they were nothing to the cold and doused him a dozen times in the anxiety I experienced on board the river in a mock baptism. Though

river steamer Alexander Scott, dripping wet, Uncle Charles acwhere we had to sleep on the deck (Continued on page 830) 792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FAITH and PRAYER

H5u rrankle /javie Jautor

Faith and prayer are two great not let us feel sufficient without Covenants that faith is the first and important instruments in the Lord's help as it is impossible principle of revealed religion, the our Church. If you were in for us to succeed and reach eternal foundation of all righteousness.

trouble or needed help in any way, life and have joy and happiness This being true, all our righteousyou most likely would call upon here upon the earth without those ness is due to faith, and it follows

God through prayer. To get an blessings that come from our kind that our unrighteousness is due to

answer to this prayer, you must and loving Father in heaven. lack of faith. Elder Alma Sonne

exercise faith. I would like to tell you a story said, "As I think of these things

I would like to tell you a story told by Elder Oscar A. Kirkham at I feel that the Latterday Saints

told by my grandfather in Church a conference address April 5, 1948. will never surrender their heritage

recently. A man was wandering The story is as follows: of faith."That faith has given purin the forest one day and it began "I shall not soon forget a young pose and significance to their lives.

to rain. Looking around for shelman at the hospital. He was enterIt has offered them every induceter, he spied a hollow log and ing the operating room. He was ment to right living. It has been

crawled in. As he crawled, he a very worthy man and very dear their strength and their refuge in

became stuck fast in the log. He to me personally. As they were sorrows and disappointments, and

felt he was doomed for sure so he wheeling him to the operating it has established their belief in decided to pray and thank God room, the doctor noticed that the moral and spiritual values—a most

for all his blessings. In appreciayoung man's eyes were closed. He important belief. Faith in God is

tion for all these things, he felt so said to the nurse, 'Take his pulse always the pathway to power and small he crawled out of the log. quickly—he may be gone.'Just at achievement; it is the motive power

Through prayer, we can come that moment the young man opened of progress and advancement.

very near to our Father in heaven. his eyes and said, 'No, I'm not As Elder Clifford E. Young once

I was just talking stated, "We must walk by faith."We need not worry about talking gone, Doctor—

to the Lord no matter where we to the Lord. I told him to be sure Elder Young also states, "Certainare about any of our trials, sorand be with you when you perform ly the Lord in his great wisdom

rows, or problems. The Lord has this operation. You may go ahead has withheld from us some of the

said that if we ask in faith he will now. I am ready.'This young things we would all love to know

bless us. man had a great deal of faith and and see. And yet, as we contemWhat is prayer? Someone has he believed in exercising it."plate the marvelous experiences of

said, "Prayer is the most valuable It is written in the Doctrine and life, we are conscious of the fact habit a person can have. It is a that in his great providence we

safeguard in youth, a comfort, a will eventually be able to surmount pillar of strength in middle life, all the physical things that beset and in old age, a consolation that us, that we will be ushered into wipes away the sting of the grave the eternal things, and we will and takes from death its victory."know as'God knows. We will

That is the way we can become have power as he has power. Even

close to God, yes, through the so will his children be given these principle of prayer. I hope that powers, but all of them predicated

we young people are not being upon our subscribing to his divine robbed of the blessings of prayer laws and living in accordance with and that we are not too busy in his holy will."As Elder Young

our daily life to meet with our said, we must walk and live by families, or that we will not become faith, so must we walk and live by too selfsufficient, or too modest, prayer.

or too backward to call our family I pray that the Lord will bless together. Even though only one every one of us so that we may

or two are home, we should not use faith and prayer more often.

deny our children the blessings that I do this in the name of Jesus Christ.

come through family prayer. Do Amen.

r o ul k tk e5 Vk YOUTH.

NOVEMBER 1951 793—Photograph by Jeano Orlando

There Is No Substitute

cities skylines spite of immense of man's advancements many the world. field in transformedThehave of every endeavor? For God tranquility shatthis has been not bear evidence of The Does

tered by the hum of mighty motors the necessity for a learned mind overhead, the roar of subway and and a skilled hand superior to locomotive underground, the clang Dmw iiau(Llaune J. yvndterson man's, which controls the master

and screech of bus and streetcar, switch? Does this not bear evias the endless chain of traffic dence of the necessity of God?

wends its way. tion by the slightest degree? There Man may feel God's presence,

Man, living amid this chaos, are still twentyfour hours to every see his influence, even come to goes along his own chosen path, day. The sun still rises every know him, but in all the wondrous

considering himself at the controls, morning and sets every evening. advancement of civilization, he has

and having full faith that nothing There is still a summer for every never found a substitute for him.

spring, a winter for every fall. He may feel his presence as thevital will change—receiving so

great a portion of this faith from Does it not seem strange that low wind hums through the mighty the mere power of his own sucthe unfailing order of birth, life, monarchs of a forest; as the tender

cess. and death goes on unchanged in quivering strains of a violin peneHe sees the mighty networks of trate his consciousness; as the soft

steel which span great bodies of voice of a tiny child whispers his water; he views the monuments to evening prayer.

architectural genius rising story on He may come to know him as story into the spacious blue; he he comes to know the neverfailing

sees the dreams of the immortal order that season follows season men who pioneered in the fields night follows day.

of science come true in the burst He may see him in the silent unof the atom bomb, the miracle of folding of a beautiful flower; in the

the modern drug—and, seemingly glorious burst of an early sunrise;

he gives full credit to the superiorin the shadowy stillness of a haloed ity of man. interior; in a mother's eyes as she

Yet doesn't it seem strange that clasps close a tiny new life.

during the thousands of years of On the horizon of today's world, human advancement that have silhouetted against the shifting slipped into oblivion—that with mists of the fading years, emergesthe development of man's socalled modern man—heir to the gifts of

"power to create,"he has not afcenturies. Before his eyes are the

fected the original pattern of crea- [Continued on page 824) 794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA INSIDE YOUR POCKETS

It then objects. was such ominous her little a mother scold heard ontaoiiiem their a that was boy they learned keeping constantly his &'J son for

I pockets worn out; patching, natural observer of insect life. The

bugs, to imprison bottle used was her holes kept sewing upmending, the predict would guidance tional flies study, for future and worms, his just raided had Shebusy. until do could a things possible boy indissecting for a razor the and string, of yards found andpockets the examined times several had he strument. fishing wire, nails, copperrusty pockets. his of contents is rising a young This now boy fact, almostworms, candy—in so be sure, would one no be To are parents proud naturalist. His soap. buteverything raids frequent to as cruel make with supplied him of have him and called she what was "Rubbish"to But make pockets. boy's a upon his to carry on better equipment lightsit. car her later on But when objects the of numerous a study it this chance studies. But by was lonely night a on dark out onewent opportunity as his pockets, inside his of they that learned discovery small this boy sameroad, and a remarkable yield will affords, life. in real interest his and pockets intoreached his and ambitions into insight conclusions reach do you What bright fuse had a and outbrought dreams. coins, finding old curious when this time, mother inlights no again his inside relics found The in or looking medals, souvenirs I've heard never mind. herchanged to index constitute will an pockets objects boy's pockets? your Such about more any complainher in a life, just as index the real his he's that collector, a and show she his pockets.patching Now its contents. But to points book his of indicate something may contents the mysterious ofthinks as occontents such in examining thinking. secret probably He "resources."asin pockets those carebe should permits, one casion old venerates reverwhat's has and mysteare pockets two and Boys too at conclusions to ful not jump It for past. that indicates the ence in hand.ries You hand go which quickly. is in artistic as as well he mind without the of think one hardlycan contain pockets boy's may A (Continued on page 16) since a other, the boy ofthinking

is mysterious, that dark and much -;> I inseparable. are his pocketsand shocking. suspicious and sometimes

for that his reason main saywould articles in his pockets find You may all is at to have trouserswearing the understand cannot you which pockets. meaning of unless you give them

A boy's pockets become a dedeep study.

pository for all sorts of objects too I knew a boy in precious to be trusted elsewhere. whose pockets the

They contain resources for almost mother found an empevery emergency.

To the unsophisticated onlooker tyandbottle,an olda corkscrew,razor one or the man without imagination a day while she was boy's pockets might seem like sinkpatching his trousers.

holes filled with rubbish, but to The parents were upthe possessor of such riches, each set over this discovery object is safely lodged there beand forthwith sumcause of an expected future need.

to apthe boy moned general a who carries boy The with before them pear in his pockets line of merchandise is handy to have around. He has an explanation for

helped many people out of trouble by supplying their needs in a pinch.

And such a boy, when thrust out into the world alone will be able to care for most of his immediate needs when the emergency comes.

An important fact about the assortment in a boy's pockets is that each article will usually represent some trait of character or personal interest in his life.

A person versed in the subtle science of "pocketology"can often read in those resources something of the future of a boy, and what he will probably amount to in the world. Surely no expert in vocaNOVEMBER 1951 795,

S the days sharpened, more and down the line of runways, but his more men came to look at him eye came back to Hi. He knelt

and stand talking before for a minute, his fingers moving his championship cunningly down Hi's neck and runway—gundog

talk, while he looked away, preback. The old champion was a

tending not to hear what they said. Llewellyn setter, with the vivid

So many masters he had had to blackand-white coat that makes train since Cam Royster died. Four the ideal gun dog, black and white

of them during those eight years constituting the height of visibility and now this Bryanston, the fifth, in fog, rain, or dense cover. This

the youngest of them all! He was had been a high point in his favor

too famous; there had been too on that longmuch potential money in him, as ago day of rain

Champion Maidstone Hipockets, and blow when winner of the Continental, for he had won the them to let him stay on with the Continental.

mistress when Cam's small estate Two prominent was broken up. So he had gone body spots, like

with the rest of the things, sold to pockets, below the highest bidder; he whose code each white

and life had been to serve one, to shoulder, had obey one, and to love one master given him his only. name. He was

Four times passed from hand to deepchested hand. And each of the four owners and bigboned

had thought himself a hunter, and for endurance;

slowly Hipockets had had to undo his face, chest, their many faults and teach them and legs showed the details of the hunt as well as old briar scars. His worn and

discipline their young dogs. broken nails testified to the countAt first he had thought that less trails he had followed. There

Bryanston might be the callowest was a world of wisdom and of all his owners, but he began to dignity in the splendid dome of have certain reservations on that his head, craft to solve the riddleseven before the transaction was of the woods and fields, soul qualHUNTING over. Bryanston stood talking ity to prove to the core of a man'swith the kennelman in the runway, spirit. &

and the smell of him and the sound "I'll take him,"Bryanston said, of his voice were good. That rising; and Hi, who understood gorgeous country filled with

counted most. Something had made many words and could catch the streams and wonderful bird cover,

Hi rest his shoulder against Bryanvery sense of a man's thought, but they did not pick up any more ston's strong leg and the man's knew the matter was settled. hunters. Hi had expected a kenhand had come down to his head. "One thing, sir,"said the kennel full of young dogs, but there

The feel of him was right, too. nelman, pulling something out were no other dogs at Bryanston's

... but what a frightful price through the kennel door. "This old home. It was like those days of

for a dog of his age."hunting coat must go with him. It his young prime when Cam had

"He's getting old; we're not hidbelonged to Cam Royster, his brought him home, and they'd

the twoing the fact,"said the kennelman, original trainer. He's slept on it gone out to work—just

the golden Virginia"but he's a champion, man. As of them—in

famous in the sporting world as woods. He was taken at once into

Sarah Bernhardt was on the stage. the house and led to the deep wide

It's worth the money just to assochair near the fireplace, and he ciate with such a dog in the field."guessed it was going to be his

chair when he saw Bryanston "But he may not last more than spread Cam's leather coat in it.a season—two at most."Years before, there had been a

"Perhaps not. His speed's gone, chair like that, an open fire, and

but he's got all the brains and all the Coat. He put his forefeet into

the nose in the world. And while the chair seat and heaved himself

he lasts you'll see and learn things for years, and I fancy you'd have up, his toes scratching and slipyou'll never forget. If he flushes some trouble with him if you left ping on the leather.

sir, single bird we'lla on you, be it behind.""Heavens, what dignity—what

... toready back. pay your money Bryanston "I see,"smiled Bryanston. "Oneintegration,"Maude

But, of course, if you'd rather try man fixation. A good dog always said. "He makes one utterly selfone of these young dogs—has it."conscious."

Bryanston had looked up and They drove a long way through "Everything's strange to him.

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HE hunting coat came with the dog, Hipockets. The

champion was old and expensive, hut it was worth the money just to associate with such a dog in the field.

while the master was gone. It was He was glad there were no other

beyond any understanding of his dogs. He caught Bryanston's

where Cam had gone, but some glance, put spring into his old legs, day, somehow, he would find him and ran to a thicket, skirting it again. All the generations of dog's with care to show that he was

confidence in man had kept that ready. Bryanston didn't need to

faith burning within him. speak. Slowly they advanced, and

"You're a lucky beggar, Bryanalmost immediately he was on a ston,"one man was saying. "This point with high proud head and

is as close as I've ever been to a level tail, moveless as a statue.

real champion—much less the Somewhere within one hundred

Champion."feet ahead poised a breathless bevy

"Yes, this is really something,"of goldbrown birds with closeheld said the oldest man of the comwings. A sharp "quit, quit"and a

pany. "You'd realize it better if roar of wings, and they were up,

you'd been in at the making of this and Bryanston brought one neatly fellow as I was. I can see that down.

stormy, blowy day now as clearly Hi fetched it in without ruffling on, and in as the details of this room—visi- a feather. They went

bility cut off* every now and then three minutes he did it again, but miss. Hiby gusts of rain and sleet—most Bryanston made a rank of the dogs quit long since—but pockets turned a rolledup eye on

Hipockets running, running, a him and sneezed with disgust.

mere blackand-white speck sweepThere was a look on his face that ing the thickets, smashing into his Bryanston would never forget bevy finds, one after the other, the black lips twisted in a grinning holding, holding his birds; then sneer of pain. The grin was beCOAT and

on again, while a hundred seasoned cause he was a gentleman, the sneer hunters shouted and swore at him was the acute torment of an imrmixier lovingly and followed after. Never presario over ineptitude. Bryananything like it, I give you my ston stood reprimanded, yet he

He'll adjust his life to ours in a few word!"could scarcely refrain from a shout

days.""You're not going to hog him of laughter.

"You mean we'll adjust ours to all to yourself, I hope,"the first man Sheer selfconsciousness had his,"said Maude Bryanston. said. "I'd practically barter my wife caused the thing. From the outset

He had his dinner in the kitchen, for a day behind this fellow."he had been working against odds.

much more than he wanted. Nowa- "Hi and I have to get used to The dog had been touted to him

days he was never very hungry. each other first,"Bryanston said. from every quarter as faultless. In

He had to leave two pieces of "We're starting out tomorrow. him was a youthful sense of diffimeat in the dish, and it mortified There'll be some kinks to iron out. dence at working with a champion;

him. He can't forget his original master, then there was the sense of In the evening some of Bryanthey tell me—Hi's drillmaster perfectionism, and

ston's friends came in. Hipockets "Cam Royster. Greatest dog something else—a shadow and a

thumped the chair with his tail trainer the South ever had. Why, memory—the memory of Cam Roytwo or three times in the hospitable old Ira Eddy, the millionaire sportsster, who had been as faultless as

courtesy demanded of such occaman from Philadelphia, and another Hi himself.

sions. Everyone gathered around man in New York used to ship They went on, and Bryanston

him, and a real dog man scratched their young dogs across country took hold of himself, determined to him expertly back of the ears. for Cam to smooth out."rub out his error. It was a memoTheir adulation was all utterly Next day he and Bryanston went rable day. For the first time in his

familiar. His soft setter eyes went forth together in the autumn woods. life he was shooting over a dog

from face to face and presently They started at midafternoon, but who looked upon his calling as a he closed his eyes with a long it was early enough for Hi. No consecration. It kept the man on

sigh, thrusting his nose into a fold more hunting for him from a pink his toes. Only Hipockets'physical

of the hunting coat. Long ago the dawn to a violet dusk. Those days powers had flagged, he saw. His

scent of Cam Royster had gone were gone forever. He knew it form was faultless; his nose, which

from it; it was thin and worn from and hoped it was his secret alone. was his soul, was still the nose of

many cleanings, but it was a link Bryanston knew it and hid the fact a champion. And bird sense

to hold to—like holding one's bird from him. {Continued on page 811)

NOVEMBER 1951 797

The los Angeles Temple

( Concluded from page 785 stances, but it was finished, and ordinance work for the living and baptism for the dead were performed in it until the Latterday

Saints were driven to the Rocky

Mountains.

As early as possible, ground was broken for the Salt Lake Temple, and in the course of time other temples were erected at St. George,

Logan, and Manti, in Utah; Laie,

Hawaii; Cardston, Alberta, Canada; Mesa, Arizona, and Idaho

Falls, Idaho. This work will increase according to the predictions

of President Brigham Young and other Presidents of the Church until the whole face of the land will be covered with them, as the work and necessity for them increase.

Temple work will be the great work of the millennium, for in that day, after we have exhausted all our sources of information in behalf of the dead, we are taught that those who have passed through the resurrection will come to those who

furnish informathe necessary and ONfornia,the northPacificforkGasof andthe FeatherElectric RiverCompanyin Calihas are still in mortality on the earth that is tion every soul by which placed two new dams... Cresta Dam and Rock worthy of exaltation shall be ferreted out and the ordinances in his

Creek Dam. The huge drum gates for these dams, behalf accomplished.

and the bridges directly above them, required The temple in Los Angeles, Cali- 4,380,000 pounds of steel. They were fabricated fornia, is a great blessing to the

members of the Church dwelling in and erected by United States Steel—further proof those parts; but let them not forget

that only steel can do so many jobs so well. their great responsibilities. Temples

are the most sacred places on the face of the earth. No unclean thing

should be permitted to enter them.

No member of the Church who is UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION not living in accordance with the

SUBSIDIARIES requirements as outlined in the revelations in the Doctrine and enter. should to presume

sanctififor places ED STATES STEEL TemplesCovenantsare cation, and when anyone who is unworthy, unrepentant, or not contrite in spirit enters such a sacred

Book of Mormon Students! place, he only adds more condemnation to his soul.

Are you reading In these holy, sanctified buildings, ordinances revealing the most //The World of sacred covenants are received. If

The Jaredites // we keep our covenants and walk humbly, the glory of the Lord shall by Dr. Hugh Nibley be there, but as the Lord said of

the Kirtland Temple, "But if there now running in the Era? This is another of the great Book of shall come into it any unclean thing,

Mormon serials the ERA is bring to the Church. Most of the my glory shall not be there; and

material has never been published until now. my presence shall not come into

it."(D.6C. 94:9.)

798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA en UNION PACIFIC

For your special pleasure, the November dining car feature on Union Pacific trains is savory roast turkey, with all the trimmings. Delicious! And when you

go Union Pacific on your Thanksgiving trip, or any trip, you enjoy these many other advantages:

The sitback-andrelax comfort of wide, roomy seats.

Comfortable air conditioning that assures you pleasant temperatures regardless of the weather.

Plenty of space to stretch out, and to roam about. If you prefer,

attractive club cars in which to relax.

Your choice of accommodations, including private rooms and berths in Pullmans or economical reclining coach seats.

Make this the most enjoyable Thanksgiving trip you've ever taken. Go Union Pacific!

Children 5 years old For details and reservations and under 12—half see your nearest Union Pacific

fare; under 5—free. Railroad ticket agent.

For Dependable Freight and Passenger Transportation

Be Specific... say

NOVEMBER 1951 UNION PACIFIC799

I think,"Fred Carlson said slowly, "that your mother has entered another contest.

The Winner

5(41 Jklneu'J lamentT THIRTEENYEAR-OLD Anna took She was relieved when Martin check in hand—she could run out

one spoonful of hot cereal, then smiled reluctantly back, "How to the dinner bell, give it a hearty stared suspiciously at her mothabout, 'I like Asphalt Mush bewhack, and wait for Fred's sputtery er. Matilda ignored her gaze, cause it coats my stomach so thortractor to come lumbering into the

watching her sixteenyear-old son, oughly that I no longer have to barnyard. She waited for the

Martin, who ate very fast, swalworry about bacteria?'moment when she could say, "Start

lowed three spoonfuls before he While Matilda folded socks, packing, Fred Carlson, we're gostopped. "What is this stuff?"he later that morning, she thought of ing to California."Just thinking of

demanded hoarsely. "Dried paste?"Martin's face as he valiantly strughow Fred's eyes would light up

"I think,"Fred Carlson said gled through the bowlful of cereal. made her sigh with satisfaction.

slowly, "that your mother has enFor twentyseven years Matilda California was only part of her tered another contest."had been living for the day that plan. After that they would travel

she would win a contest. In bein the trailer her prize money would

no!"they groaned, turning "Oh, east, entries, north, and south devouring tween writing buy—west,to stare at Matilda.

out. ran products, various soaps, until the money using new

"Twentyfive thousand dollars dyes, waxes, and cleansers, she Until that day came, Matilda first prize,"she explained quickly, had been a good wife to Fred, felt that she had failed her family.

"for twentyfive words or less. helped rear five children (three of This worried her into frantic acThink of it, one thousand dollars whom had homes of their own tivity. She entered every contest

a word!"now), and was known as one of she read about, and the family,

"How much of this asphalt do the best cooks in Auborn County. grumbling goodnaturedly, helped

we have to eat?"Martin asked, Still, she wasn't satisfied. The her consume the products from

stirring his spoon through the thought of the seven honorable which she needed box tops and sluggish, mashcolored mixture. mentions that she had won over labels.

"Only one box,"Matilda assured the years nagged her. She heard the R.F.D. box clang

him. And she smiled brilliantly. Matilda lived for the day when {Continued on page 814)

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Instead of forgetting Jane, Pete had dated her steady, edging out all other competition.

MRS.fact,Howardshe hadwasbeenfrowning.frowningIn for the past three months. THE CHANCE

Ever since her daughter Jane had v3u (iizahMi j-ewmet Pete. Not that she didn't like

Pete. It was only that he didn't

belong to the Church. She woncentered around a temple wedding. said her prayers, but lately they

dered now as she had before why The only right way for a Latterhad become automatic, a sort of she'd ever let Jane go out with him. day Saint to marry. She and Jim routine that must be followed. That

She should have known better. had tried hard to instil this desire night, however, she prayed humbly

But she had so wanted to be an into their children. Now it looked for help and guidance. She thought

understanding mother. as if they'd failed. of Pete's good points. His warm,

Pete had been the new salesman Jane, too, was wearing a frown kind personality. He didn't smoke

at Allen's Realty where Jane this morning. She should have or drink. She was sure he was

worked after school. When he'd been very happy. She was in love, much better than any boy she had

asked her for a date, Mr. and Mrs. and what was more important she ever known. Only one thing stood

Howard had gone into a huddle. knew Pete loved her. Last night against him. He didn't belong to

Should they let her go or not? They he had asked her to marry him as the Church. But if they married,

and the Aliens were good friends. soon as she was graduated. But as she was sure she could convert

The Aliens said Pete was O.K. But she listened to Pete talk about the him. Lots of girls had done it.

... why couldn'tstill, he wasn't a member of the wedding—their wedding—she had Why couldn't she

Church. They had finally decided been stunned. He spoke of a church she? The question pounded through

to let her go. As Jim said, "We're wedding; she had always dreamed her brain, but no answer came.

not going to run Jane's life. She of a temple marriage. Then anAs she got up from her knees,

has to learn to choose for herself."other thought hit her even harder. her eyes rested on a copy of The

Jane had taken the situation lightly. Pete couldn't take her to the temImprovement Era. It was open to

"Gosh, Mom, he only asked me beple—why, he wasn't even a meman article called "What a Chance

cause I'm the only girl he knows. ber of the Church! When she had You Take."She sat on the edge

After he's met some of the other told this to Pete, he had held her of the bed and began to read. It

girls he'll forget all about me."tight. "I'm sorry we can't do it the was all about temple marriage.

But that had been three months way you'd like, darling. But after Here in black and white were the

ago. Instead of forgetting Jane, all, it doesn't make any difference things she had tried to tell Pete

Pete had dated her steady, edging where you marry. It's whom you the things she had been taught

out all other competition. Now marry that counts, isn't it?"since childhood. She knew then

Mrs. Howard was sure he was Deep down Jane knew he was there could be but one answer to

serious. He had a good job and wrong. It did make a difference, a her problem.

was old enough to be getting marbig difference. He had said good Pete left town the next day. Jane

ried. Jane was not quite eighteen night with his question still unwas graduated a month later, and

but Mrs. Howard knew that girls answered. things settled down to normal. But

were getting married that young Jane wanted desperately to take there was a difference in Jane. She

every day. In fact, she'd done it her problem to her parents. But had always been happy, full of life.

herself. She felt like crying. She she sensed that this was something Now she was quiet and withdrawn.

had always planned, hoped, and she had to decide for herself. No It worried her parents but, knowing

dreamed of the day her daughter one could help her... no one, that that she had made the right choice,

would marry. But her dreams had was, but God. She had always (Continued on page 822)

NOVEMBER 1951 801

I '>''Adventure Into Genealogy

(Concluded from page 791

St. of AnSt. Peter's and 1 tions YOUR No. in six days, churchyards drew's

and on the seventh day following this I excavated also in Dargie HEADACHECemetery, completing this on the same day, as it was a holiday. Each

night as I finished work, I made to former, the comtwo my way last \\ HIGH FOOD pleting the mornon Sunday

I meeting. hood On Monday PRICES! ing before the ten o'clock priestbus and the 6:45 morning caught

spent the whole day in mist and DON'T COMPLAIN ABOUT slight rain working on the seventh

FOOD PRICES. DON'T DENY YOUR FAMILY century ruins of Dargie Church

THE CHOICE FOODS THEY NEED. IT REALLY IS NOT NECESSARY. and yard, completing this cemetery

at about six in the evening of the

Thousands are turning once and for all same day. It gave me a great deal

to the "Qualifreeze Co."and the famous "Food of joy and satisfaction to accomplish

Savings Plan"they offer. This plan has more three churchyards unaided in a

than proved itself the past year and a half. week when the target set by the

Families are having up to a year's supply British Mission genealogical deof choice quality foods put in their homes at partment is three small churchyards one time with no cash down and small monthfor a year by a branch.

ly payments at warehouse prices. Payments Dargie Church was founded by

start a month and a half after the huge supply a Roman Catholic missionary who 60—6 cubic Model feet is stocked in the home. came to the parish of Liff and Freezer ChestType

H SAVEbAV WITH BerviePictish king,at the I metinvitationwith a ofretiredthe medical practitioner, Dr. Dalgetty,

who wrote a book on the parish of rwwnmna LifF and Bervie history. He told

FOOD FREEZERS me that one of the stones was reQualifreeze Co. is an exclusive "Food Plan Co."That is moved by relations of the family

their only business. You owe it to yourself and family to buried in Dargie and is kept for

look into this great new way of buying foods at tremenpreservation inside Liff Parish only small family pays about dous savings. For example—a

slightly families more. Church. for foods. Larger per month $22.50

The "Qualifreeze Plan"offers many other services to its I have obtained permission to members.

18 cubic feet model copy inscriptions inside the ruined

TWO LOCATIONS Upright Freezer Arbroath Abbey churchyard, and

I am going to try and obtain perAVE. 16 KENSINGTON DRIVE 3096 HIGHLAND

(15th SouthJust Off Main) mission also to copy the remains to Villa Theatre) (Next 84441 6-8759 9-9 p.m. of the ancient parish records Open 1210 p.m. Qualifreeze Open

locked inside the chest.

At the beginning of the Book of

Mormon, the Prophet Lehi, after leaving Jerusalem, sent his sons to the house of Laban at the risk of their lives to procure the brass

For Your Reading Pleasure Each Month of the Year plates which proved their descent from Joseph, in order that he could obey the Lord. How many of us

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA inlittlethistimeageandare moneypreparedoccasionallyto risk a to trace our ancestors, in order 12 Issues $2.50 that we, like Father Lehi and his

sons, may do our duty to our deForeign Subscriptions $3.00 parted ancestors? The value of

one living soul's progress in eternity is of more worth than all the money in the world.

802 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Do AH Your Work Easier with a McCormick FARMALL Super C

;?ft;:il|i|li|S

Dig Holes SITTING DOWN Load Manure, Scoop Dirt—FAST, EASY!

... Build and repair fences, plant treesfast with a McCormick High lift, bigcapacity loader and Farmall Super C make

Farmall Super C and easilyattached post hole digger. one of the easiest handling outfits you ever saw! Three

Eight auger sizes, from 4 to 24 inches. Digs holes straight hydraulic cylinders and Super C continuousrunning pump

down, even on steep hillsides. Auger is effortlessly raised let you raise or lower bucket whether engine clutch is in

and lowered by hydraulic Farmall TouchControl. or out. The loader is quickly mounted on the tractor.

Plow to 8 Inches Deep Plant, Cultivate, Harvest ANY Crop

Farmall Super C and centerdraft, quickconnect plow turn The tworow, forwardmounted checkrow planter shown the neatest furrows you ever saw! Super C has both the above is typical of the easilyattached, easilyused///// line

power and the traction to pull two 1 4-inch bottoms on of quickconnect implements for the Farmall Super C. On

either a directconnected or trailingtype plow; 7 or 8-foot the drawbar, you can pull 6-foot enginedriven harvestertandem disk harrow and all other implements of 2-row, thresher, hay baler, singlerow corn picker and similar

'2-plow size. heavy loads.

See your IH dealer for complete information on any of these implements. Ask too, about other

oddjob implements, such as: buzz saw, rear carrying unit, diggercrane-shovel, and water pump. HARVEST

and sell YOUR SCRAP

Your country needs it now! INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER

International Harvester products pay for themselves in use—McCormick Farm Equipment and Farmall Tractors

... Motor Trucks.. Crawler Tractors and Power Units... Refrigerators and Freezers—Chicago 1, Illinois.

NOVEMBER 1951 803 FIRST OF ALL -RELIABILITY D aunes... amA the Jcaied l/i/M

5e 5aianced RICHARD L. EVANS

On this question again of people who seem to receive more or less from life than they deserve: We sometimes see honest and able men who seem unsuccessful,

and we see unscrupulous and unethical men who are seemingly successful. We sometimes see undeserving

people prosper and deserving people as frustrated failures—or so to us it seems. And again we ask ourselves:

"Why are such things permitted to be so?"Perhaps part

of the answer is found in an unfailing faith in the law of compensation. For example: The man who appears to

prosper by dishonest practices has something happen to him inside. What happens to him, we don't always see,

but it is there just the same. A dishonest or dishonorable

Why is a personloses themissesquiet manycomfortof ofthebeingelementsat easeof inhappiness.the presenceHe

of honorable people. And with an accusing conscience he

also loses the power to live at ease within himself. But STEINWAY suppose he has silenced his conscience; suppose he has

has, has feel he real If he remorse. to lost the power so economical?

lost feel has things also. to other lost the He power

sensitivity to some of the finer things of life, for he who

The qualities that have won the Steinpersists in running against the grain of virtue and of the very are same fame way enduring coarsened, and character nature has his and conscience for perfect it the that ones piano make of sinof the refinements missing some cannot help qualities are Steinway an he your home.

unfailing source of inspiration for both cere happiness and enjoyment. Because these things are

the beginner and the skilled pianist. not always readily seen on the surface, we may some-

"But can I afford so fine a piano?"times assume that they are not so. But the surface isn't

you may ask. Actually, you can afford all there is to be seen. And a person always surely pays

nothing less, for so magnificent is a price for everything he does contrary to conscience or

Steinway craftsmanship. The benefits contrary to correct principles. If we had to give all the

of owning the Steinway far exceed the answers here and now, we should surely fall short of price you pay. satisfying ourselves. But however inconsistent and irreconcilable some situations may here and now seem,

we may well rest and rely on the judgment and justice | Daynes Music Co. of God and again be assured that we shall sometime,

somewhere along the immortal journey find the answers that we now fail to find. And we may rest with a sure

4547 South Main, Salt Lake and certain assurance that the eternal scales are balanced 145 North University, Provo under all circumstances.

2Jke Spoken lA/ord from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM. AUGUST 26, 1951

Copyright, 1951 Raising Money?

Bishops—Building Committees

Sunday School Officers Send a card for folder showing how our

BRICKS MINIATURE RENEWAL IN AUTUMN can help you buy bricks for your new building, carpets, drapes, organ, your buy tiny bricks these Use wooden for makingetc. By Louise Darcy

bracelets, necklaces, belts, place mats, hand bags, Wonderfuletc. ChristmasDrilled readyGifts! forNine threading.colors to HpHERE is deep solace for the heart and Where brilliant coloring transforms each

choose from. One ward has sold $1,000 *- mind bough,

per worth. cost—$6.50 thousand Your the aside of Laying weight cares worldly quiet in some be discovered way postTo for Sell paid. $100.00. them

earth offers freely For loveliness now, to Write now Fall covenant, a makes gaily now Where gift that with ancient comes The of God 6TH SCHOOL SUNDAY WARD earlier in as day. Bright kept promise an balm, ST. FALLS, 380 IDAHO MAPLE IDAHO

Stop for awhile along a country lane Autumn renewal bringing hope and calm.

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOVEMBER 1951 805.N TIN E jS &<AzstsCve\&

JOSEPH SMITH two universities has had many oppor- (John A. Widtsoe. Deseret News tunities to learn of the problems that

Press, Salt Lake City, 1951. 385 pages. confront young and older people in

$3.50.) this world where scientific learning

"\17ith all that has been written conseems to test men's faith. The subtitle

cerning Joseph Smith, the surface of the book indicates the purpose beof the subject has scarcely been dusted. behind the volume: Aids to Faith in a

His life, his character, his calling, and Modern Day. By letter, by telephone,

his contributions to the religious and by personal interview, these vital social and scientific thought of his and questions have been asked the author of succeeding generations have been in order to receive authoritative anthe subject of innumerable pages in swers.

print and of endless interest and inOne of the most important problems quiry for well over a century. has many facets: the nature of the

Godhead. One of the questions is This book—which is neither biogYOUR CHURCH raphyboth—andto thenorcorehistory,muchof more—incisivelymanybut is somethingcontroversialcutsof treatedManywith ChurchGods?under theordinances,Anotherheading:sectionAreansweringTheredeals

questions and sheds light in many first of all the question: What Is the UNIVERSITY shaded areas. A quick glance at the Need of Ordinances? Still another

division deals with the priesthood listed titles terse chapters of the on the its importance to and Church to the table IS GROWING! the of contents will add

and here interest. reader's

millionBYU is now using the new Is came from a long lifeWhich The book comesGreater—thean importantPriesthoodquestion:or dollar fieldhouse to meet the expanding athletic activity. time of study on the subject and inthe Church? To many Latterday

Last year, BYU dedicated a new twocorporates part of a series of radio Saints the dual meaning of intelligence million dollar physical science building addresses, with much added. It is is not clear. Dr. Widtsoe answers

to meet the expanding academic and readably printed, beautifully bound, the question: What Is an Intelligence?

scientific advancement.

illustrated. But these are and amply only a few of the

with Department an excellent And authoritative answers section The called "A Philosophy of questions—with Religion, offering of splendid courses in religion, modern scripture, and Existence"presents a revealing picture—that are to be found in the ten subChurch history, BYU boasts a wellof man's immortal march and of the divisions of this book, Evidences and

educational rounded system on a par Reconciliations, takes Volume 3, which eternal of truth of the and leading institutions with the of the timelessness place with its books, companion perits the as plan and purpose. to And nation.

Yes, your Church university is growsonal and public and prophetic life Evidences and Reconciliations and ing! Plan NOW to ATTEND BYU! of Joseph Smith, facts are separated Gospel Interpretations. The three

from prejudiced confusion. volumes provide final answers to

puzzling ticklish questions and do and Dr. Widtsoe, The author, John A. WINTER QUARTER

faith "aids to provide the necessary than whose produced pen has more

BEGINS JANUARY 2 a score of books and unnumbered in a modern day."M. C. J.

articles and pamphlets and papers on

BRIGHAM trainedscientificasanda scientist,religious andsubjects,shows washis GOSPEL MESSAGES exacting training in all the problems he (Florence Pierce. Published by the YOUNG approaches. With an insatiably inauthor. 454 pages. $3.00.)

UNIVERSITY granted,quiring mindhe foundwhichhistakeswaynothingas a confor "TThe teachings of the Book of MorPROVO, UTAH vert into the faith and Church which mon are here simply but intellihe now serves as a member of the gently classified into twentyone interCouncil of the Twelve Apostles. And esting chapters. Each chapter is veriin his approach to Joseph Smith, he fied by wellchosen quotations from

marshals evidence with the discriminatother scriptures—the Bible, Doctrine

ing clarity of the careful scholar. and Covenants, and the Pearl of Great

SEND YOUR FRIENDS Joseph Smith will be written about Price. This gives a wide and compreof the survey principles of the the hensive among more—much more—but AT HOME OR ABROAD

writings, gospel. major is true past and yet The book, to come, to its name,

on the nineteenth century American a valuable offering of gospel messages.

IMPROVEMENT prophet, this one will long be read This volume will be read with interand referred to.- R. L. E. est and profit. It will also serve as a

EVIDENCES AND referencedents. Thecompendiumlarge and forcarefullygospelmadestu-

3 RECONCILIATIONS VOL. index is so arranged that students may of theEM great Church One A. Widtsoe. (John Salt Bookcraft, find extensive references subto any of the magazines City. World Lake 1951. 212 pages. $2.25.) ject discussed in the book. The

$2.50 a year $3.00 foreign F\r. Widtsoe of the Council of the authoress, expert in Book of Mormon

Twelve and formerly president of {Concluded on page 827) 806 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GOOD BOOKS Communicate Ideas, Experiences, Inspiration.

Enrich Your Home, Your Life, Your Friends With

The Enduring Inspiration Of Good Books

FOR CHILDREN FOR YOUTH

Children's Friend Story Book $2.50 Faith Promoting Stories $1.50

A Story to Tell.$2.50 Pioneer Stories - - $1.75

138 excellent faith and character stories

Inspirational Talks $1.75

Egermeier's Bible Story Book $2.95

Short, beautifully illustrated $3.95 Missionary Experiences $1.75

Bible stories for children $4.95

(Add 25c by mail) Scouting for the Mormons on the Great Frontier -$2.00

Tell Me About God $2.00

Tell Me About Jesus $2.00 Stories from the Book of Mormon $2.00

Tell Me About the Bible $2.00 Ben the Wagon Boy $1.50

Tell Me About Prayer $2.00 Dennis and the Mormon Battalion $2.50

Stories of Jesus for Boys and Girls... $1.75

Pahute Indian Legends $1.75

Bible Pictures ABC $1.75

My Picture Book of Songs $2.50 Youth and the Church $1.75

Betsy Buttons $.75 Voice from the Dust...$4.00

All of these books are available from our dealers or

DESERET BOOK COMPANY Official publisher and distributor for the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

44 East South Temple Street SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH USE THE COUPON BELOW to order your gift books and books for your library now. Enclose cash or check with order and we pay postage.

NAMES OF BOOKS QUANTITY COST

i:

Name Amount Enclosed $.

Address NOVEMBER 1951 807 GOOD BOOKS

Build a personal library and enjoy the companionship of GREAT and NOBLE SOULS.

In Search of Truth $100 Brigham Young, The Man and his Work $3.00

The Word of Wisdom - $2.75 Brigham Young At Home $2.75

Key to Theology $1.50 Ezra T. Benson -$3.00

Joesph SmithTruth SeekerProphet of God $3.50 Daniel H. Wells..". - $2.75

Joseph Smith, An American Prophet: $3.50 Jacob Hamblin $3.75

Joseph Smith, the Prophet $3.50 (by Pearson Corbett)

Joseph the Prophet———..$1.75 Knight of the Kingdom $2.25

Moral Teachings of the New Testament $1.50 (by Richard Ballantyne)

Three Timely Treasures - $1.50 Life of Franklin D. Richards - $2.50

Know the Bible (Enlarged, Cloth) $2.00 Life of Heber C. Kimball $3.00

Little Gold Pieces...$3.00 Life of Joseph F. Smith—$2.75

On the Way to Immortality and Eternal Life $3.50

Progress of Man $2.50 Presidents of the Church $3.50

Signs of the Times—$1.25 Melvin J. Ballard Sermons

and Missionary Services $2.75

Protestors of Christendom $2.25

The Restoration of All Things.... $1.75 J. Golden Kimball $3.50

Sweet Love Remember'd ($2.90 by mail) $2.75 The Mormon $1.00

MULTIPLE GIFTS

THE MORMON MIRACLEby Grace Johnson. 50c each; $5.00 doz.; 50 for $18.00;

100 for $34.00

TO THEM OF THE LAST WAGON (AND THE PIONEERS)-by President J. Reuben

Clark, Jr. 75c each; $7.50 doz.; 50 for $28.00; 100 for $50.00

--44fc jj7 4!! 4';""$r""

All books mentioned in these pages available from our dealers or use coupon and order direct from...

DESERET BOOK COMPANY Official publisher and distributor for the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

44 East South Temple Street SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 808 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AS GIFTS xpIimsmL avudL UsAtow cl

THE HEART OF YOUR LD.S. LIBRARY

mm.

'SBfflSv: lilt 'VJraKsHSK* i X - - >u8bAjA3Ju.l:'.Ii',;

mmtt lilililllllll THE OFFICIAL L. D. S. MISSIONARY BIBLE

LD.S. MISSIONARY BIBLE in three available styles

MB1 durable simulated leather $7.50

MB3 genuine Persian Morocco $11.00

MB4 genuine Persian Morocco leather lined...$13.00

All with L.D.S. Missionary Ready Reference, Cambridge Dictionary and Concordance.

BOOK OF MORMON Missionary Edition $1.25

Carry $1.00 Cash and ARTICLES OF FAITH

;.. Edition Library $2.00 $1.50 Missionary

Large Type $3.00 Library $2.00

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS Leather $6.00

Library Edition $1.75 JESUS THE CHRIST

Large type with Pearl of Great Price $3.00 Library $3.00

Leather $7.00

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE $.85 A Marvelous Work And A Wonder $1.75

Doctrine and Covenants Commentary.$5.00

TRIPLE COMBINATION Vitality of Mormonism $2.50

All three In Triple Combination leather bound, Combination Reference $1.00

Bible paper, gold edges, 10 point type $7.50 Fruits of Religion $1.75

Leather bound and lined Bible paper, gold Greater Dividends from Religion..$1.75

edges—for father and mother and grand folks.$12.00 Outlines of Ecclesiastical History $2.25

USE THE COUPON BELOW To order your gift books and books for your library. Enclose cash or check with order and we pay postage.

NAMES OF BOOKS QUANTITY COST

Name Amount Enclosed $..

Address, -...,

NOVEMBER 1951 809 PICTURES CONVEY IDEAS, ExperiencesAnd Inspiration

Use the versatile, large, unique, film rental library of church, religious, Boy Scout, educational and entertainment films of the...

DESERET BOOK COMPANY at 1400 Indiana Avenue

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Deseret Book Co. fi!m library at 1400 Indiana Avenue

Free, upon request, our new, enlarged film rental catalog of 16 mm, sound films will be sent you.

USE THE CONVENIENT FORM BELOW

Sound motion pictures are available in 16 mm of: Twentieth Century Fox.

Warner Brothers.

General Authorities of the Church, delivering general conBepublic Pictures.

ference addresses.

Short special programs for all occasions; featuring comedy,

Boy Scout Training and Craftmanship films. cartoons, sports, novelties, musicals, hobbies, crafts,

athletics, travel.

March of Time—on timely themes of world interest. Many free sponsored films.

Films of the Nations—highquality films about the world and

its peoples. WRITE FOR FREE CATALOG TO:

Family Films on modern, practical moral themes.

Cathedral Films on Biblical subjects.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY L.D.S. Church History 1400 Indiana Avenue, Salt Lake City, Utah

"Where the Saints Have Trod."Please send me a free copy of 19511952 Film Rental Catalog.

Temple Square.

Encyclopedia Britannica educational films Name....

Great American Series.

Living Earth. Address

Science.

History and all related fields. City State

Feature entertainment films approved by L.D.S. Screening Ward.... Stake

Council produced by UniversalInternational.

810 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HUNTING COAT (Continued from page 797) not seen. A single word of comBryanston had never seen anymendation, a touch on the head,

thing like it! Hi could tell for was all that passed between them,

hundreds of yards around whether but it sufficed. To Hi it was all so

a stretch of wood would be empty like those old days with Cam or not, answering an instinct that Royster that memory often wawas nature's very whisper. vered, scenes overlapped; an old

They had two more hours of world was being slowly forgotten;

sweet hunting. And then Bryananother world remembered, come

ston partially rubbed out his true.

blunder by making a brilliant Bryanston sensed the gradual double, one of them a cross shot. transformation, the slowly strengthNot long after that Hi, as if in ening bond of the spirit, and pride

competition, pointed some more filled him. He was fulfilling a great

birds one hundred yards away with picture of a great hunter and dog- a dead bird still in his mouth, a man, or Hi would not have acfeat which only the coldestnosed cepted him. It was like an acdog might ever achieve. He brought colade, but it was not an ordinary

it in, so proud, earnest, and intent transference. Hi was being faiththat it wrung the heart. Bryanful not only to Cam Royster but

ston pummeled him on the back to a nobler thing, the faithfulness quite as he might another hunter. which was in himself.

Then they shared a lunch together All too soon the season was over.

and sat resting while a new rapIn December winter set in, the port grew between them. No nuzbrisk open winter of the south,

zling or lying with his muzzle in with bright frosty days and nights. CHOOSE THIS

Bryanston's lap; none of that stuff. For Hipockets hunting was over,

Hi simply lay looking up into the but he and Bryanston often took WATER HEATER WITH strength and shelter of the man's long tramps together through the face, while wonderful memories, leafless woods. Sometimes Bryanwhich he wouldn't quite admit as ston shot squirrels, rabbits, or posyet, stirred within him. sum. Hi gravely approved this

They went home in late afterbut did not cooperate. Birds were

noon, and Hi sought the coat and his sole province. for cleanest came, he summer was reWhen itchair, leaving long only enough hot water, to for the kennels coolness. it movedto eat. tried they day Next

again, but Hi's legs were stiff and He lapsed into the apathy of all longest service tired; he moved with heavy feet. gun dogs between seasons, lazing Sparkling clean hot water comes

naturally an automatic with hot until weather the away till fell, heHe'd have but the gone on inside the glasslining Fowler... time to round again came follow early. tookBryanston him home to safepure water tank keeps

trail, gun and for the prime reason that it plainAfter age health. became family how guard

was taking its toll of him, and a setter's existence. And then anThere is nothing to rust or

Bryanston took him out only on other October, another opening corrode inside a Fowler. With

alternate days, with a day of rest day, and once more he and Bryansmooth,edto-steeldurableinsideporcelain,the tank,bondno between. ston roamed the fall woods tometal surfaces touch water. This

They came to dovetail perfectly gether. For a month they had glasslining prevents costly tank

life, to years tank leaks... halcyon adds weather hunting and suchin of the hunt. the mechanics All for frequent the eliminating need as Bryanston had never beknown niceties ofthe the small game that tank replacement. fore. in Then the midNovember is only of Glasslining one usuallyBryanston disregarded

were carried out to their uttermost years seemed suddenly to overmany outstanding features which finest the old offers to dog. whelm provide His eyes Fowler had theconvention, to and began man cost. at lowest heating it going been bad, and got water had

all. forsee the deeper reason them 20year by a is backed Fowler still so he couldn't hold a point. on theyIt stayed a and warm, warranty. had prorated

tremble with He'd slow vibrationslong run of good days. Sometimes

as of palsy, and sometimes Bryanston accompaniedMaude his hind See Fowler at your dealer's or write legs would give out, and he'd go for complete information. a friend of sometimesthem and

one hip, on down his head and itBryanston, but never made any tail still holding, holding the point.

attitude.difference to Hi's or form

ago, as Long a tiny pup, before FOWLER Through it all Bryanston never he it taught been had anything, had the usual sense of owning the had been like that. He had stoo'd

dog. Between them was a man's point on the blackbirds and linnets ElectricWater Heater

understanding of mutual restraint that alighted in his kennel runway. Manufactured by Fowler Manufacturing Co.

and respect, something to be felt, {Continued on following page) 2545 S. E. Gladstone, Portland 2, Oregon

NOVEMBER 1951 811 HUNTING COAT {Continued from preceding page) tried to take him out—sometimes

He would hold them, hold them, in the car—for a short swing of

until his puppy legs trembled and twenty minutes or half an hour.

gave under him, though no one On the days when he went forth ever came to flush the birds for alone, Hi would watch from the him. living room window, mumbling<# Hunting still meant the breath of and rumbling in a humility of shame

life to him. And he wasn't able and misery. And he'd wait as if

to forget it, for quail nested just on point for the moment of Bryanover the ridge back of Bryanston's ston's return. When he saw his

house. So each day Bryanston {Concluded on page 814)

<X3\2sJVX2\3\X>y>s3\>x3vX9v

to School RICHARD L EVANS

;S children off our to school send more, once to spend WE A large a of their there, important part time and perhaps many if not most parents are sighing something of a

sigh of relief. Summer is short in sonie ways, but days

with children when they have no regular routine or responsibility don't always seem short. We are busy people,

we parents, and with the persistent pressure of life upon us some of us may hopefully suppose that when we send the children to school our responsibility for their character and conduct and activities and attitudes somewhat ceases. Another thing that parents may sometimes hopefully suppose is that teaching children some of the vital

and essential things can safely be postponed until they are more mature—or until it is more convenient: that

way—thatit is quite allwrongrighttendenciesto let themmaygrowmoreup easilyin theirbe owncorrected when they are older—that, after all, they are

only children, and there is no use worrying about important principles too early in life. This is dangerously

far from the fact. This business of being a parent cannot

well or safely be shunted or shifted to other shoulders.

Parenthood is a longcontinuing career of sacrifice and service, of patience, and of painstaking love, and of sound teaching both by our words and our ways. Habits and

attitudes and qualities of character show up frighteningly soon and are not readily eradicated. And the man we want

must be made in the boy, and the woman we want must begin in the girl—and it requires more than food and

clothing and shelter and scholastic instruction to instil in them the essential qualities of character. Helpful and

indispensable as they are, and grateful as we are for them, schools were not intended to take the place of parents, and teachers cannot reasonably be expected to do what parents have failed to do. There are many essential things

that must come from sound, sincere homes. And there is

no real way through any impersonal agency or institution that we as parents can impersonalize the personal responsibility which the Lord God has given us.

Uke Spoken lA/ord from temple SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 2, 1951

815 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WASHES EVERYTHING

fatuti/ atutMoedfom tov.

J,

There's only one "proof of the pudding"when you buy washing products. That's to try them

... at home... with your

own wash. Compare... feel

your FELSOclean clothes.

Try FELSO. You'll see

that gentle justright suds give you the freshest, most fragrant, sweetestsmelling wash. Did you

ever see whiter sheets and shirts... brighter,

more colorful prints?

Did you ever feel softer, fluffier laundry... or 4

any so easy to iron?

And how soft and smooth your hands are after you use FELSO.

NOVEMBER 1951 813 HINTING COAT

(Concluded from page 812) enough, at times panting and gaspfigure, when he caught his voice ing for air, the thudding of his or whistle approaching, he would heart quite audible in the room.

lie for another few minutes, head Toward sunset he lapsed into a raised, eyes glowing, little whines doze. Bryanston was sitting by

escaping him as though the inthe window, when abruptly Hi's old tensity of the moment was too tail went thump, thump, thump on much for him. But before Bryanthe floor. Bryanston listened, but

ston arrived, he would go to the no one was coming, the house and

Coat and the chair to preserve what grounds were utterly quiet.

little dignity remained to him.

The final day was altogether Hi got stiffly to his feet and strange. Even the movements of came toward him. His tail whirled

the wild things weren't altogether blissfully; his gaze was fixed on

right that day, though Bryanston Bryanston, yet beyond, in a way was never sure just how much of that made the hair stir across the it was true and how much due to man's scalp. An adoring love and

the nervous state he had been in. devotion filled the steady brown

It was plain the end was near. eyes.

It was a golden day toward the He moved over to the chair and end of the month, a hunter's day, the Coat, but his eyes were fixed bright and warm and still, the above, as if awaiting orders, and PROTECTION woods aflame with the first frost to Bryanston the whole room was fires. Nature seemed to be putting warmed with a glow of kindliness

on a show. The faint smell of and love. He himself had known

wood smoke was in the air, and enough of death to have had a one could catch the pungent breath glimpse through certain veils beALUMINUM COMBINATION DOORS of gunpowder too; for some hunters tween the worlds. He always

Aralum aluminum doors are had passed by at midday. Cock maintained that Cam Royster hadwithMm a permanent improvement! quail called on the ridge; wedges come to get his dog that night.

Screen or storm panels quickof waterfowl were winging southLater it was there to be seen in Hi's ly slip into a strong aluward; squirrels grunted from their still open eyes. Glorious in reunion,

minum frame that never knothole doorways. his spirit was sweeping the celestial

needs repairs!

pAT PENO. All afternoon Hi had watched hunting grounds, flashing into

IMPROVED! from the open window, taking it point after brilliant point, and holdall in as if he could never get ing, holding his birds.

Aralum ALUMINUM COMBINATION THE WINNER STORM AND

SCREEN WINDOWS (Continued page 800) from plain old a hundred. Just even

fuel by insula! save for the mail. out went disentire ing the thought dollars, she winshut and ten. Ten

dow opening! Two magazines, four advertiseconsolately—one thousand pennies.

from ridicuthe check letters—one Suddenly seemed SGoodGuaranteedHousekeepingby v FHA terms ments,the Shinebrightand three Toothpaste Comlous, insignificant, her glasses and

pany. Remembering how Anna were foggy from more than exFor Complete Information had frothed at the mouth using it citement. When Matilda finished

CALL or WRITE up, Matilda laughed, then hurried crying, she took the new box of to the house. When she held the cereal out to the barn. Maybe the

light, letter to the she see could a it. like cows would Qnc. QnAuLaODjnA in size of the a green paper check little told dinner, she them, a At

Salt 1349 S. Main Lake City, Utah it. slit Carefully the she envelope that brightly, ten too she had won

844393 Phone of the held green piece, open and dollars, to that they go would town paper. When she realized that it Saturday and spend it anyway they INSULATIONS, INC.

1349 South Main really, actually was a check, she pleased. Nobody laughed, because

Salt Lake City, Utah ran for her glasses, heart pounding. the tears were bright on Matilda's

information Please send complete all these on After years, she thought, cheeks. Doors Combination Aralum and Win-

I've finally won! dows. Finally, loudly, Martin anto the of order "Pay "she... nounced, winner con- "The of my

NAME: read, dollars "ten cents."no and test earns one of cherry Mother's

ADDRESS Ten! She must have read it wrong. pies. Just tell in twentyfive words

With all the excitement her or less why you like Mom. I'll

glasses were foggy. It must be a start: I like Mom because she makes

thousand—but it wasn't; it wasn't ('Concluded on page 816)

814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LJtm S

iff

NOVEMBER 1951 815 The Winner

(Concluded from page 814) ARCHAEOLOGY - GEOGRAPHY the best darned stew in Auborn

RELIGION beforeCounty heandasksmendsher."a guy's socks

Three Books in One "And I like Mom because she made me learn how to cook, and dzmvi The Contents of the Book of Mormon now the boys share my lunch,"for convenience. arranged Maps confessed. and Anna book. price of the the charts worth put his arm around Matilda, Fred

Essential Study to Teaching and her "I love quietly, saying, very BOOK OF I wife and a fine she's Library complete Reference without because No ORIViON pill this valuable book. mother,shares everythingnever complains,with us. Say,and

how that cereal would I wonder I I fried?"BOOK OF MORMON taste Si 5SMm

laughed, Matilda "Like rubber,"faces family's from her GUIDE BOOK knowing

If! REtt $5.00 that she had won the biggest conBookcraft Co. Deseret—Book—Z.C.M.I. test of all. Grand prize—a happy,

stores leading other book and family! loving

Inside Your Boy's Pockets BEESLEY'S [Continued from page 795)

MASON and HAMLIN thankful for his heritage. He honThe Stradivari of Pianos ors those who have lived before

him and understands something of

KNABE the cost of things he now enjoys.

The Piano of the UiUn Did you find a key in his pocket?

Metropolitan Opera It will unlock a drawer where other valuables are kept, such as medals

EVERETT Have you seen he has won, a letter from someone, finest toned, medium The the newer hisand grademaybecards,a littleif theymoneyare orgood,his built spinet priced pianos bank account, all of which will NEWHOUSE

CABLENELSON We recently completed the first indicate that he is methodical and

Beautiful spinet pianos in gramphase forof ourthe redecorationNewhouse Hotel.procareful of important matters. The posalready that he One great hotels the of key indicates the low priced field

west, striving to ofwetheare make of things, the value it a sense of greater than ever. in sesses Drop

and let us know how we ore which, if encouraged, will cause progressing.

worthto seek the later on him Instruments Band little life. in That things while Music Sheet

and Everything Musical <l key found in a boy's pockets will do more than unlock a drawer. It

unlocks and reveals a number of aims and sentiments stored away

. HOTELS] in his life which are valuable to

San I BEESLEY MUSIC CO. ASS!***WESTERNin Poeo?'HOTELS

70 South Main Salt Lake City LoSFrancisco,? Portland.ry him.

Phone 4-6518 Seattle. Did you examine your boy's

UTAH'S PIONEER MUSIC HOUSE pocketknife? It will tell you a good

deal about his future prospects.

Was it clean, shiny, sharp? If so,

the chance is he has a mind like that. A boy's mind is sure to react

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA uponconditionhis of possessions,his possessionsandreflectsthe for December will bring to the Church the full report of the his mind.

speeches given by the General Authorities at the October General A boy who uses his pocketknife

Conference. for a screwdriver, or to cut open tin

(Continued on page 818) 816 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Talk about growing families.

The Deseret News 1 Family Of Readers Shows A ThreeYear Growth Of 114.6%

1940 1950

114.6% DESERET NEWS CIRCULATION GROWTH 1947 1950 7,528,289 12,570,266 67% ADVERTISING LINAGE GROWTH OF DESERET NEWS

This popular acceptance results from

giving readers more informative featuresl

It's no accident that the Deseret News eret News has won many new friends shows* such impressive circulation growth throughout its entire circulation area as during the past three years. a result of its many public service projReaders buy the newspaper that gives ects.

them the most for their money... the Phone the Deseret News Circulation ofmost exclusive features for their reading fice and order the paper delivered to

enjoyment and the most complete news your home. You'll find it both informa*

coverage. tive and entertaining. You'll agree it's

There are other reasons also for this rethe most complete newspaper in the markable growth. The civicminded DesMountain West.

THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S FIRST NEWSPAPER

NOVEMBER 1951 817 INSIDE YOUR BOY'S POCKETS

(Continued from page 816) need special attention to save him HAND cans or scrape rusty plows, shows from a life like that. FARM

pen, find or a notebook, Did you difference. wasteful This process INJURED! carelessness, wastefulness, and inhis in pockets? penWas the will his pencil follow probably him into

habits of thinking and living, causcil sharpened, the pen in working ing his conduct to be destructive in condition, the notebook clean? If

higher values instead of construcso, he will probably succeed in busitive. The boy who lets his pocketness or professional life.

knife become rusty and dull will (Concluded on page 820)

JT> (o/uedtion or ynittma Jhe GENERAL "Desides the more or less "normal"reasonsRICHARDfor LrestlessEVANS "FL"policy uncertaintyness, weandare indecisionall well awarethat nowof theconfrontadded ourcausesyoungof people and of the reasons they have to wonder what they protects the should do as they are faced with the future. In an unsettled situation it is sometimes difficult to decide whether

to return to school and settle down to serious farmer! or not

studies. Often the very air and atmosphere seems to suggest giving up prolonged preparation and satisfying imtie S?Aef |CA mediate demands. But one of the great lessons of life is OF am

to learn to appreciate the privileges of the present and to have faith in the future. And one of the great characteristics of youth is to have the courage and the faith

to face the future. Of course, every generation sees the

every generation someEach year farm difficulties of its own day—yet

accidents cost millions of dollars. how serves and survives. But sometimes young people

Protect yourself against the hazquit without real cause to quit. Sometimes they quit from

sheer restlessness. Sometimes they feel that they must

ards that could wipe out your have more money—and they quit to "work awhile."financial security. General AmerSometimes they think they will stay out only this one

ica's Farmer's and Rancher's year. And sometimes they sacrifice permanent possibiliSpecial Blanket Liability Policy ties for immediate demands. Time goes so quickly, and

protects you against many haz- a year in which we simply succumb to restlessness is a ardous risks. This modern onelost year. Every unessential interruption breaks the patpolicy protection gives every landtern and habit of study and adds a penalty to preparation.

owner the security he needs. Of course the calls of country will come and must be

met, but beyond essential calls may we suggest to you

See your General of America who are young: that you settle down and make the most

agent, or inquire at General of your period of preparation despite difficulty and disInsurance Company of America, couragement, and prepare as far as you can for the long

Excelsis Bldg., Salt Lake City 1, pull of life, and let no superficial or unessential interrupUtah. Phone 47717. tion dissuade you from your serious pursuits—for no

matter what the future may hold, the best prepared people will be the best prepared to meet it. And beyond the

necessary calls of country and other sincerely essential interruptions, the best thing you can do for yourself, your country, your family, and your future is to settle down and pursue permanent and worthwhile purposes and make yourself as capable and competent as you can. Jm

Uke Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADHOME OFFICE SEATTLE CASTING SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 9, 1951

Copyright, 1951 H. K. Dent, President

818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Honestly, nowaren't

gasoline prices too high?"

Everyone who can remember what things used to cost only ten or twenty years ago may well think of those times as "the good old days."Recalling them, and the extreme bargains offered during the depression, people have asked Standard such questions

as "Honestly, now—aren't gasoline prices too high?"

In answer to a question like that, Standard asks you to consider the broad situation. We agree that all prices should

be kept as low as possible. But in judging what's "too high,"

let's see what's happened:

1926 1951 1926 1951 1926 1951 1926 1951

Price comparisons1926 and 1951 actually up less than 4 %, except for taxes. (In the West, FedLet's look back to 1926, a fairly normal year in those "good eral and State taxes now total 6c to 8c a gallon.) Most people's

old days."Over the years, most prices have varied greatly. income has gone up enough in those years so that gasoline

By April of 1951, farm products cost more than twice as much takes a far smaller share of their budget. So gasoline today

as in 1926, groceries and clothing about twothirds more. far from being "too high"—is an exceptionally good buy.But in 1951, gasoline costs almost as little as it did in 1926—See how and why this has come about

HOW have gas prices been kept from getting "too high"? WHY have gas prices been kept from getting "too high"?

Partly through improvement in refining methods, made posBecause there's intense competition at every level. To stay in

sible by big companies'research. We learned to get more gas business, all oil companies are always looking for ways to cut

out of every barrel of crude. (And it's better gas; 2 gallons costs of producing, transporting, refining, and marketing. We

today do work that took 3 only 25 years ago.) keep finding them, passing the benefits on to you.

1 & LjIiZG TO lYTiOW... Many people write to Standard asking pertinent questions

about the Company. We answer all letters individually, but some points seem of general

interest. We take this way of discussing them for every one. If you have a question, we urge

you to write in care of: "I'd Like to Know,"225 Bush Street, San Francisco 20, California.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

NOVEMBER 1951 819 Inside Your Boy's Pockets the TIE that BINDS the Intermountain West (Concluded from page 818) Such pocket equipment shows Journalism At Its American Best that he is eager to learn, that he wants to profit from the knowledge

Recently the New York Times celebrated its 100th anniversary... and experience of others. He is

and the 80year-old Salt Lake Tribune its 30th year of association with preparing for the future by jotting that worldfamed newspaper. down useful information and prein written thoughts serving his own

Fit to Print"Times.. "All. The the News That's the motto Under

in will be systematic form. He scholarly objective, journalof straightforward, has become the model

ism at its American best. what he does, will have a plan and

a purpose in living.

to treatment with approach Tribune an identical Lake The Salt of the Did you find some money in his lifetime throughof thousands has readership the proud, earned news out the intermountain west. pockets? The fact that he has

money when he is free to spend it

The New York Times news service, offered exclusively in the interindicates a great deal. It shows that

mountain west by The Salt Lake Tribune, is typical of The Tribune to he is learning to deny himself. He

its readers best the bring in modern journalism, the most honored and will not have to depend upon charreports honorable the news. of ALL

ity or friends when old. Nor will

he throw his health away recklessly. Strange as it may sound, it is

psychologically true that wasting money and wasting manhood nearly always go together.

If a boy cannot save some of his money, his trouble is deepseated 1871 and needs attention. He has a disease which, if not checked, will

eventually eat up his manhood as well as his money.

The prodigal "spent all."Terrible words, these! He never denied

himself anything. He first emptied

his pockets for selfsatisfactions, and in doing so, emptied his body of its vitality; in the process, he

emptied his life of its spiritual resources.

It is nearly always.true that the

body and soul will climb the heights together, or both go down in ruin.

It is difficult, and probably impossible, to separate the soul and body in this present world. It may

be done in theory, but in practice i BIBLE AND A REFERENCE the two rise or fall together.

As long as a boy practises selfiIi"lKl denial, he is pretty safe. And the

amount of money he can keep in his pockets when he is free to spend

Ask our dealers throughout the Intermountain West. all will indicate whether the great urges within him are up or down.

A boy, just any boy, is one of the most difficult creations on earth to understand. And in making a study DESERET BOOK COMPANY of him, of his primitive urges, aims,

44 East South Temple Street and ambitions, of his likes and dislikes, of his talents and possibilities, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH and of the profession or work dearest to him, it is doubtful if anything

All prices are subject to change without notice. else will reveal as much about the

direction he is secretly going, as will the contents of his pockets.

820 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Regardless of weather, throughout the year I have to Change Now—For Summertime Performance All Winter!

to wear. winter's rasping Change engine new Protect from your airfield, night,"reports trips C. B. to or the day make

starts, Oil, quick with OilPlating. Get Conoco Motor Super aircraft has to ready car Simonds, be communicator. "My

all winter. fast pickup, better performance

it. I story of the 50,000 I heard need to go when So when

Miles—No Wear, I changed over to new Conoco Super Proof of 50,000 Miles—No Wear! After a punishing 50,000

Motor Oil immediately."mile road test, with proper drains and regular care, engines lubricated with new Conoco Super Motor Oil showed no wear of any

consequence: in fact, an average of less than one onethousandth

inch on cylinders and crankshafts. Factory finishing marks were

still visible on piston rings! Gasoline mileage for the last 5,000

miles was actually 99.77% as good as for the first 5,000!

'I've driven considerably more than 50,000 miles since

I changed to Conoco Super. So I know—50,000 Miles

No Wear has certainly been true for my car. It still runs

like new, gasoline mileage is as good, too! Conoco and my

oil for the Super's me!

HEAVYThis isDUTYa 1951 CONTINENTAL Oil; COMPANY OIL

NOVEMBER 1951 821 THE CHANCE (Continued from page 801) A few nights later they were they waited for time to heal the walking through the park and had hurt. stopped at their favorite spot. "I'm

Almost a year passed. Then, on sorry Pete, sorrier than you'll ever

the way home from work one know. I love you, but I can't marevening, Jane was startled by a ry you."

familiar voice. "Hi, Beautiful, Instead of the hurt, angry look

changed your mind yet?"It was Jane expected, there was a look of

Pete! Big, handsome, lovable Pete, pride and approval on Pete's face.

asking her again to marry him. "I'm glad you said that, Jane. Now

Could she refuse him now, after a I know you're even more wonderyear of loving him and missing ful than I thought you were. When

him? I left a year ago, I was hurt and

Why, then, shouldn't she marry angry. To think you valued your

him and try converting him later? religion more than me hurt my

The same words came to her respride. Then I began to realize that

cue. "What a chance you take!"you were hurt, too. I knew you

>ettina ytiide the J>eed SHINGLES RICHARD L EVANS DOUBLECOVERAGE HPhe question of saving and conserving is always a matter

PLUS for serious consideration. The basic virtue of thrift

The shingle that lived through for the future has been taught from time immemorial, a tornado. A weathertight and the wisdom of it has been providently and repeatedly

design, without equal. Truly, proved. Saving is one of the essentials of soundness and

a worryfree roof shingle that solvency and security. It is also one of the essentials of

resists the wildest weather and selfrespect-—for a person who persistently and perennially lasts for years. shingle Each

LOCKED at four points for spends more than he makes, finds himself in the position security. of explaining and apologizing to himself and to others

Patented design also. But solvency needs no explaining. Solvency explains

and entirely new itself. There are many immediate wants and there are

principle makes a roof that practically

. piece!""one. andis wantsemergencieswe shouldthat mustnot forgetbe met,futurebut needs,in meetingand weimmediateshould

provides exclusive.

in value years of not forget that there may be future emergencies for which extra protection.

we must also be prepared, as well as being presently prepared. We should always seek to consume less than

SEE YOUR LOCAL LUMBER DEALER we have. We should always seek to save something for

the foreseeable and for the unforeseeable future. We

MORRISONMERRILL & CO. should seek to conserve our resources, and always set

BUILDING MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS set harvest, part the of every aside always and 3rd 205 NORTH CITY, WEST SALT LAKE UTAH if planting, that shall for seed another need we asideseed—the

Boise, Pocatello, Twin Falls, Idaho, Reno, Nevada harvest. another in times of plenty have would Both we

and in times of pressure it is flagrantly shortsighted to consume the seed. We shall have much less reason to fear

CONGRESS HOTEL the future if we work willingly, and wisely use the reof for the save conserve and always present—and Invites You and Yours sources

that lie the meeting the immediate demands mobeyond 200 Rooms ment—remembering always to save a part of every harvest

Service & Western Hospitality and always to set aside sufficient seed for the planting of

Near Beautiful another spring and for the harvest of another autumn.

Temple Square It is well to use with prudence what the providence of

Center of Everything God has given.

Reservations AcceptedLet us make your stay *Jhe Spoken vVord from temple square a pleasant one. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADState at 2nd South—Phone 3-4494 CASTING SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 16, 1951

S. W. Hollingsworth, Res. Manager 1

822 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA loved me. I wouldn't, couldn't believe anything else. I knew then

there must be something to a church that would make you act like that. EAST

I started investigating and with thehelp of the Lord I found out the 4 WONDERFUL WAYS truthfulness of the gospel. I'll be WEST

to the takeable to you temple—to

all eternity. S.P.'s WONDERFUL for wife youmake my

If you had married me when I SAN FRANCISCOasked you before, perhaps I'd have joined the Church eventually, I don't know. But you were right, v OVERLAND

my darling, we couldn't take the chance."CHICAGOSAN FRANCISCO Also the fast streamlined City of San Francisco

ladies In Waiting

(Continued on page 790) tions. He may have to keep odd S. P.'s WONDERFUL NEW

hours and can't always let you he willknow when be home or SHASTA his sihe's going.where Respect

lence.

You will find long hours of waitDAYLIGHT ing to be filled. Here is where PORTLANDSAN FRANCISCO

Church activity, study, and hobbies Also the new overnight play an allimportant part. If you Cascade streamliner

don't find something to do, you'll find homesickness and boredom beginning their insidious destruction of your marriage. Without realiz- S.P.'s WONDERFUL NEW

ing what's actually wrong with you, you'll begin to find fault with things that actually shouldn't matSUNSET ter. So, lick them before they get

started. It's an old bromide, but

time only proves its worth, that LIMITED work is the answer to many problems. If you are spending the hours EW ORLEANSLOS ANGELES

busily helping people who need help, improving yourself with study, or concentrating on a hobby, will interestyourself keep anyou S.P.'s WONDERFUL NEW lifeing finds person worth who

living. And your husband will keep

thinking living with it's worth you!

or not a GOLDEN on to work To work job—that is the biggest concern of

many brides. It's a question that STATE

can be determined by only two and your husband. r CHICAGOLOS ANGELESpeople—youMany girls work and maintain their

own home alone. Don't try this unless you are a person of tremendous

personal courage. Working all

day, coming home to an empty apartment or house and eating a solitary meal, followed by an evening at home alone is only for AMERICA'S MOST MODERN TRAINS the hardy of soul. There's always

the danger, and let's face it honFor details, write O. V. Gibson, General Agent, Southern Pacific,

estly, that you will be tempted to lip South Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah {Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1951 823 "There is no better ballast for keeping the Ladies In Waiting mind steady on its keel and saving it from {Concluded from preceding page) all risk of crankiness than business."do things in desperation from loneliness that you know you have no—James Russell Lowell business doing. John is a long way

off. Sometimes you may have difWe invite you to study with us. You ficulty even remembering what he

may begin a course here in either day or looks like. Bob is here, being

charming and gay and friendly, and evening school at any time most conall at once he becomes more imvenient to you.

Young men who expect to enter portant than you ever thought posmilitary service should enroll for An excellent placement service awaits sible. Don't think it can't happen

clerical intensive It will training. our graduates and advanced students, to you. Nobody ever deliberately be valuable in wartime as to them

well as peacetime. with outstanding job opportunities. tried to get herself into that situation!

Come in and visit us... or write... you're always cordially welcome at Any and all of these problems

can be licked, however, by squaring up to them, and then, through courage and faith and just plain hard work setting out to solve them. BUSINESS COLLEGE And whenever the going seems

70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY too hard for you, remember that faith and prayer are still the strongest staffs to lean upon, and strength can always be found in the promise of the future.

Komplete d5anhima There Is No Substitute for God s.ervice (Continued from page 794)

greatest masterpieces of art and COMMERICAL AND SAVliterature; to his ears come the viINGS ACCOUNTS.

brations of immortal melodies; to

TRUST DEPARTMENT—his mind and hands come the acActing as Administrator, cumulated skills and intelligence of

Executor, Guardian, and the great men of science, of mediTrustee. cine, and the men who build. I go But what fills his heart? Does

ABSTRACT DEPARTMENT. he stand in awe of this manmade

world? Does he worship these SAFETY DEPOSIT BOXES. GREYHOUND edifices of steel and stone? Is he,

because it's the surrounded by every necessity of All departments on ground floor. friendly way to travel! life, willing to admit his need for

God? Let reality give the answer:

The slanting rays of the summer

foliage, light on the figure of a UTAH SAVINGSTRUST CO.& sun, streaming through the forest

235 South Main Street young man as he bends and careFederal Reserve Member System fully plant a small plucks from

See your local Deposit Federal Member suffiplace. Patting growing

Insurance Corporation GREYHOUND AGENT its about LOW FARES today! cient soil around the roots, he

hastens toward his laboratory to plant it among his rare collection.

'Unbreakable... moulded Yes, he can transplant it, and the

glass. Lightto like look VISIT COLORFUL I MEXICO will food, continue roots to secure free. weight, noise Ecotrips with guide 4 Motor height. Standard nomical. will transport the the stem raw Slides movies of L.D.S. and Landmarks and

dealer. your from Order lands. Book of Mormon to factories the materials minute

OFFER SPECIAL Write for details and free lists in the leaves, and the plant will Mail SI. 00 for trial lot of

one dozen sent postpaid. CUMORAH TRAVELS continue to grow. But should the

BOX 3 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH BRASS GOODS'CO. 55 Sudbury St.. Boston 14, Mass. roots be overexposed, the stem

824 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA severed,crushed—noor magicthe tenderformulaleavesof

patented nourishment, no measured moisture heat, of light, andamounts 7<e (fafid Plcut is gone. thatwill restore which

Life? No, that takes God! Milton Jenkins c/ones

Among his many labeled bottles, his various fumes and vapors, THE GOSPEL PLAN, Second Edition, is a truestands the chemist, the product of modern scientific development. A reference book. Printed in modern encyclopedia

style, with cross references, it presents God's world stands hushed as the fuse great Plan of Salvation as it is presented in no is released and amid an unbelievother Church book. First, there is the complete

able burst of light, noise, and story of the Plan, and then in alphabetical order, gaseous vapors is now evidenced the more pertinent references to each step in his latest achievement with the atom—a force powerful enough to man'stalentedjourneyyoung throughL. D. S.eternity.artist. BoundIllustratedin toughby a

control man, frighten him into leatherlike paper to give greater value for lowerslavery, and by the thousands—-kill cost, and pocketsize for handy reference. Mora

him! But though he may follow information and more usefulness even than the

his formula to the last degree, First Edition, yet lower in price.

combine his reactive acids, or precipitate his various salts, he has only $ 1.00 postpaid

never yet obtained a resultant material out of which to create the most powerful force that ever existed. Life? No, that takes God! tfafeel @&anfo

A man, clothed in spotless white, stands with two assistants near a THE NEWEST LDS TEACHING AND STUDY AID.table. Before them lies a still form.

Two large lamps directly overhead The charts most needed by teachers and students Creation—Oldilluminate the room in a semicircle. of the Gospel. Preexistence—Testament—Christ's Ministry—As the nurse reaches toward a Testament—New

tray of gleaming instruments, the Book of Mormon—The Great Apostasy—The

doctor steps forward to perform Leaders of the Restored Church—The Growth of

his socalled "surgical miracle."the Restored Church—The Gospel Plan. Printed

Yes, he can bind the shattered in colors on heavy white paper, size 7|/ by 10, limbs, tie the severed muscles, with charts 10 by 15.

control the loss of blood, even remove the jagged fragment which only $1.00 postpaid

has pierced not too near the heart, and save his patient. But should

the heart have been fatally pierced, the blood cease to course through 7eactU*tfy rficU the many passageways, and the nerves and muscles receive no impulse to action—no theory ever WRITE FOR FREE ANNOUNCEMENTS of our specexpounded from an instructor's ialized teaching and study materials. Flannel Board

platform, no remembered words of Kits—Flannel Board Picture Sets—Filmstrips on

research, no experiences stored up gospel subjects for all ages—Pictures for coloring

during the grueling hours of in-—Illustrated leaflets on gospel and church history

ternship will give to that learned ubjects—etc., etc. Some are ready now, others

mind or those skilled hands the ready soon. LD.S. Teaching and Study materials

power to restore that which has you can use with confidence.

been taken away. Life? No, that,

too, takes God!

Thus man dwells in his cultivated flowering world, surrounded by art and literature, enriched by scientific produce, protected by P. O. Sox 25, Sugav House Station

medical genius, but he must always Salt Lake Gity 6} Utah remember there is no substitute for

God.

NOVEMBER 1951 825 PRIESTHOOD BROTHERHOOD AT WORK '"There is a definite need for occubers was released from the military pational placement in these service. He was married and had NOLIQUOR-

times if we are to reduce the prob- a young family. During his military

lems which the priesthood quorums service he lost the sight of bothwill face in the less prosperous eyes, but he was determined not to TOBACCO days ahead. With elderly membe dependent on others. Prior to

bers needing assistance and disgoing into the service he had a litabled members returning from the tle knowledge of poultry raising military service to be rehabilitated, and felt he could get along in that the quorums have an important obbusiness.

ligation to these members. We list Upon his return to the small comCONDUCTED BY

below four classifications within munity where he had lived, two nearly every priesthood quorum of his friends, also Japanese mem- 2/jr. doieph Jr. n/errili

which should merit immediate atbers of the Church, together with tention in occupational placement his priesthood quorum, made a OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE work: project of assisting him in getting

started in the poultry business, and 1. Elderly members in need of full or

parttime jobs. of encouraging him in overcoming

his handicap. Thereafter, sustained

still physically handicapped 2. The who

largely from his WHY BE FOOLISH? by encouragement have some ability to support themfriends selves members, and quorum through fulltime or parttime fact, than a he 17[ore ago—in

work. has a sucin developing succeeded to Lord gave February 1 833—thecentury

3. Members needing supplementary incessful poultry and truckgarden the young Prophet Joseph Smith a

come to meet expenses of increased business on a few acres of land. He revelation known as the Word of Wisliving costs, of expenses keeping of the eightynine Doc- (Section of record dom. has an outstanding a now

missionary in the field, attendance at read ) In this Covenants. trine we and egg production and is doing very school, incident and to sickexpense

ness. well with his produce. that liquor and tobacco are not good

for man. Reasons were not stated. It

4. Members needing jobs providing his sons take and two young He them because to state unnecessary was

greater security. entire care of the business. The known, commonly of them were some

father, without vision, using only and others, the Lord knew, keen obOur farmers with insufficient his sense of feel, weeds the garden servers and inquisitive scientists and acreage could be helped to obtain with practically the same accuracy research workers would later find out.

more land as well as individuals a man with full vision could do. He And this has been done. Everyone

authority in thewho need help in becoming estabhas learned by merely touching the now recognized as an inlished poisons narcotic effects field of another of job or the business. to vegetation recognize immediatethe will support the body on human offer prosperousThese days our

it is ly vegetable. or whether weed are "liquor tobacco that and statementgreatest to chances solve of many learning are sons to His be good for particularly for man,"not goodthese while problems employment farmers the poultrymen, and and this fact is comyouths. growing And businessand opportunities are their are family earning withneeds civilized peoamong knowledge monavailable.

out being dependent upon others. ples.

Few of the elderly workers and The bishop of the ward advises that Let us summarize a few statements those with physical handicaps are this fine family, in addition to berelative to the effects of liquor and considered for employment unless ing very active in the ward, are tobacco.

they can compete favorably in producers rather than dependents, Tobacco contains nicotine, one of their place of employment. Wherand they pay their tithes, offerings, thepharmacist.most deadlyIt affectspoisonsinjuriouslyknown to thethe

ever employers can be encouraged and contributions regularly. heart and the brain and mental powers,

to use our elderly people and those This is but one example of where the nervous system, the kidneys and with physical handicaps, the priest- a little assistance and encourageother elimination organs, the muscular hood quorums should do everyment by the quorum can rehabilisystem, etc., thus weakening the body

it is resistant less theirthing within result to that the with achieve power tate might someone otherwise who kinds. of various diseases to resultssuccessful or give other

is dependent. This outstandas- be an UniverIrving of Fisher Yale Dr.sistance that so these or physiaged ing the of testimony Presiof words relative to sity, as writer a notedcally handicapped members need said, dent Heber he Grant when J. other health, matters of among humannot be dependent.

is the to aim of "The Church of in help things, Dr. the preface wrote

One of our good Japanese memits people help themselves."Frank L. Wood's book What You

826 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ) ) a

Should Know About Tobacco, the folpoison inherently, absolutely, essen- "Drink has brought more woe and lowing: "I have had unusual opportially; in a drop or in a gallon, in all misery, broken more hearts, wrecked

tunities to become familiar with the quantities and in every quantity it is more homes, committed more crimes, manysided tobacco problem. The a poison,"The Journal American filled more coffins than all the wars

evidence now exists sufficient to show Medical Association. the world has suffered."

that no one who smokes can achieve Problems relative to alcohol are Since alcohol has such a black, the best of which he or she is capable, currently being more widely studied frightful, terrible, and wicked record, whether this be a foot race, a prize by expert investigators than ever bewhy should a normal human being be fight, a golf game, a rifle score, writing, fore. But for many years keen obso foolish as to drink it? Have you,

speaking, singing, acting, performing servers have learned many of the evils reader, ever asked yourself this queson a violin, piano, or typewriter, atdue to the consumption of alcoholic tion? You may not have done so

tainment of health, strength, endurbeverages. From the fluent pen of the because you only indulge occasionally,

ance, beauty, glamor, or any other keenminded Robert G. Ingersoll we and then only moderately. But do

excellence on which men and women get the following: "Alcohol is the you know that careful investigation

set their hearts. It is time that those blood of the gambler, the inspiration reveals that one of every sixteen perambitious in all other lines of work o the burglar, the stimulus of the sons who take the first drink becomes

should also learn the truth that tohighwayman, and the support of the an alcoholic—one who cannot controlbacco harms, never helps."midnight incendiary. It suggests the his drinking? This is six percent—

The use of tobacco shortens life. lie, countenances the liar. It violates high mortality. Then how can any

This fact was satisfactorily demonobligation, reverences fraud, turns love sane person dare to take the risk of strated by the findings of Dr. Raymond to hate, scorns virtue. the first drink? To do so is certainly

Pearl of Johns Hopkins University in "It brings shame, not honor; terror foolish. But the pressure of custom,

a report published in the journal Scinot safety; despair, not hope; misery, the influence of highly attractive but

ence, March 4, 1938. Dr. Pearl studied not happiness; it destroys peace and deceptive advertisements, and the

6813 cases of white men between the ruins morals, wipes out national honor, thoughtlessness of the moment may ages of thirty and seventy. Their curses the world. It murders the soul, unite to favor the first drink. Wisdom

names were chosen at random from a it is the sum of all villainy, the father says you should abstain from taking life insurance company. He found of all crime, the mother of all abominathe first drink, as well as the first

that heavy smokers died about ten tions, and the devil's best friend."smoke. But should you happen to

don't be the smoke, or drink the take than nonsmokers,years modersooner of First inspired the the pen From say, is to It smarter again. foolish less cigaret (usingate a than smokers following, the get Presidency we

is certainly It much indulge.""I don't five years to one from a day)package brings years "Drink nine written ago:

sensible. safer far more and that nonalsosooner. found He it into walks cruelty the home; arm

smokers are much freer from bodily and arm with poverty; its companions The Apostle Paul wrote, "Know ye

ailments than smokers. Further, it are disease and plague; it puts chastity not that ye are the temple of God,

is found that tobacco harms women to flight; it knows neither honor nor and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in

more than it does men, and that tobacfair dealings; it is a total stranger to, you?

co does more damage to the race truth; it drowns consciousness, it is "If any man defile the temple of

through mothers than through fathers. the bodyguard of evil; it curses all God, him shall God destroy."(I Cor.

Now As To Liquor: "Alcohol is a who touch it. 3:1617.)

ON THE BOOKRACK

( Concluded from page 806 of people for their own worth, reis exciting and worth while as a study studies, has shown herself in the book gardless of birth, wealth, position, or in the winning of the West.—M. C. /.

as a thorough student of the gospel. race, still remains to be accomplished FOR GIRLS VOCATIONS this prejudice. in world of—/. A. W. Revised. Harexciting (Mary R. Lingenfelter. book, this volume should An

all people rededicate court, Brace & Co., New York. 1951.BIRTH OF A WORLD do much to make

themselves to the cause of freedom 364 pages. $3.00.

Mifflin Houghton(Waldo Frank.

pages. Boston. and true democracy.—M. C. /. "pROM the first chapter on choosing 1951. 432Company,

$5.00.) JEDEDIAH SMITH a vocation right through the

"Dearing the subtitle "Bolivar in (Olive Burt. Julian Messner, Inc., book, this volume is especially valuable

out looking are pages. 1951. York. 187 $2.75.) to young who women New People,"the of His book Terms vocations. in for happiness at a world adventure, stark and and /ourage natureindicates true the the of man

the sections, book into seven Divided his inviting, in failed are through generous succeeded and mixedwho opportunities the insight into affords this in quantities the understandof lack orunderstanding mountain of book first secfor for The women. working the of him. people author or Smith. around man, Even Diah The Jed health of guardians the deals tion with

the of piece the exceptional recognizes author hasthough done an work, nurse, the addition to in includes, and for Bolivar, also thegenius recognizes studying of old he books and new workers, optical dentist, physician, this will that authenticity the contradictions of conwhichsome make book veterifields, the of that other and live, this less carefullystituted others, great Since American. prowhen

Bolivar's vision made it impossible to duced, will be discarded. narian. In each of the other divisions

live totally in the present, he was alTo all people this volume should there are similar breakdowns into the great number of professions thatways decades ahead of his associates prove stimulating—to Westerners beand nations. He anticipated Lincoln's cause it is part of their heritage, to women can enter to find honorable,

freeing of the slaves. His acceptance Easterners and Southerners because it pleasurable employment.—M. C. /.

NOVEMBER 1951 827 When to Hold Ward Boy Relationship of Stake Aaronic Priesthood Committee

Leadership Meeting to Bishops and Counselors

Tt is recommended that the ward boy /\NE of the most persistent questions necessary to bring the ward program leadership committee meeting be held coming to our attention in convenin line with the Church program as between the last Sunday of the month tions of Aaronic Priesthood leaders is, outlined in the Aaronic Priesthood and the seventh of the succeeding "What is the relationship between the handbook.

month. stake Aaronic Priesthood committee It follows that the bishop and his

We do not attempt to state when it and the bishops and their counselors?"counselors, together with his Aaronic

shall be held for the reason that such Another version of the question is, Priesthood leaders, are obligated to a suggestion may prove impractical in "How much authority does the stake accept and be governed by such inmany wards because of local condiAaronic Priesthood committee have in structions since they are given only to tions and circumstances. Therefore, supervising the Aaronic Priesthood assist them in the full discharge of

it is left to the bishopric to work out program in the wards?"their several and joint responsibilities

with the committee the most adIt has been observed that, in many in the Aaronic Priesthood program.

vantageous time for the meeting. instances, members of the stake There is no abrogation of the authorHowever, many of the most successAaronic Priesthood committee are unity of the president, or presidency,

ful wards hold the meeting on the first certain as to how far they may go in of the Aaronic Priesthood when a

Monday evening following the last directing bishops as the presidents, and member of the stake committee sugSunday of the month. This enables bishoprics as the presidencies, of the gests to bishops and counselors those

the secretary to complete the ward Aaronic Priesthood. items which need attention, with

Aaronic Priesthood report for the past It should be recalled that the stake month and have it in evidence for committee is headed by a chairman consideration during the meeting. who is a member of the stake presiThink it Over

Under no circumstances should the dency. Therefore, when the chairIt is as unlikely that the commeeting be held in connection with man directs any member of the stake plaining leader will grow as it is

any other meeting. The nature and committee to visit a ward in the interthat the growing leader will comimportance of the ward boy leadership est of the Aaronic Priesthood program, plain.

it meetingcommittee obligations imperative there are makes which two grow—L.A.P.

that it be given a time assignment out of the ) the stake there when: ( 1

is no interference from other meetings committee member is obligated to do recommendations for overcoming the or functions within the ward. what he is directed to do by the chairweaknesses. It is simply a program

man; (2) those to whom he is sent by of mutual assistance in keeping with

the chairman are obligated to follow the wellestablished rules of Church

Adult Members Aaronic Priesthood the instructions and recommendations government which we should all remade by the representative of the spect.

in success to this workThe Adviser's Calling chairmanWhile theof thebishopcommittee.and his counselors restsThein keythe humility of measure and

'T'o work with the adult members of are the presidency of the Aaronic cooperation between stake and ward the Aaronic Priesthood is one of Priesthood, it should be remembered workers in a mutual effort to assist the choice callings in the Church. To that they are presided over by the each other in the full development of

be a group adviser is an enviable posipresidency of the stake. Therefore, all program potentialities.

tion: It is challenging and fraught when the chairman of the stake It appears reasonable that any bishis op or bishopric should welcome the aswith adventure: It opens the way for Aaronic Priesthood committee, who

some of the most satisfying experiences a member of the stake presidency, assistance of any member of the stake that life can offer. What a great signs a member of his committee to committee, realizing that these assoresponsibility it is to be called of the visit a ward, the committee member ciates have been made available to

Lord to be the spiritual adviser of is sent with full authority to analyze ward leaders to assist them in the full those assigned to your care! How wonthe Aaronic Priesthood program and development of the Aaronic Priestderful to nurture with kindness and make whatever recommendations are hood work over which the Lord has

to spread the sunshine of love on the designated the bishop as the president, often dormant seeds of spirituality that and the bishopric as the presidency.

lie in men's souls, that they may grow the eternity of the marriage covenant (See D. & C. 107:15, 8788.)

and produce the fruits of service in the to husbands and wives who love each kingdom of God. How thrilling it is other and who love their children.

to lift a man from despair, to cast from How true the promise of the Lord: into the kingdom of my Father, how great

will be joy should your if you bring many lifehis the mists of to give doubt and souls (D. unto 18:1516.) me! & C. And if it so be that you should labor the stimulating vision ofhim salvation

and exaltation. allthis yourpeople,daysand inbring,cryingsaverepentanceit be one untosoul Enumerate your opportunities and

What can give more satisfaction unto me, how great shall be your joy with count your blessings, group advisers, than to open wide the doors of light him in the kingdom of my Father! then note the inevitable increase in

and life to those who have groped in And now, if your joy will be great with your appreciation for the calling which semidarkness, to point the way to one soul that you have brought unto me has come to you.

828 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA {-mpared 014n! <JLee—-v. J-alr,mer

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD MEMBERS FROM

BENSON (UTAH) STAKE SEE POINTS OF

Ward Teaching INTEREST IN SALT LAKE CITY Aaronic Priesthood

Four chartered buses transported one hundred and

Attitude of District twentyleaders fromAaronicthe PriesthoodBenson Stakemembersto Salt andLake theirCity ViceChairman to Work where the group visited the State Capitol Building,

Supervisors Essential DaughtersSquare, "Thisof Utahis thePioneersPlace"Building,monument, WelfareHogle With Coordinator

Gardens Zoo, Temple Square, and stopped off at '"Phe method of approach which ward Lagoonrides on resortthe rolleron theircoaster.way home for a swim and '"Phe vicechairman on the stake

teachers'district supervisors use The stake Aaronic Priesthood committee and Aaronic Priesthood committee bishoprics were hosts ward to the large group of bears to the the same relationship serving contacting those underwhen bearers. appreciative priesthood as the coordinator stake presidency

that is a mattertheir supervision on the ward level bears to the bishopshould receive careful consideration.

in should contact be madeEvery kindAppointment of Coordinator ric.Therefore, it follows logically that in nature. should be positive,ness but

one of the major responsibilities ofDistrict supervisors should leave the is to work in closeimpression with each pair of ward and Secretary on Ward Boy the vicechairman teachers that they are expected to cooperation with the coordinator.

complete their visits promptly and Leadership Committee This responsibility suggests that coordinator a is appointed when new

If areregularly. teachers apward little conto seems some be in will the the ward, vicechairman it HPhere in apologetic manner, anproached

stake in the fusion in minds assisting be interested of some the bishopric the of for exthe making dooropens leaders full Priesthood training Aaronic the and in of the apward newcuses.

concerning the appointments of a copointee in all his duties. In his visits

If there is but little evidence of conordinator and a secretary as members to wards, the vicechairman will alstructive leadership on the part of of the ward boy leadership committee. ways concern himself with the work

supervisors, ward teachers may deSome leaders seem to think that there of the coordinator in an effort to see velop a tendency to be indifferent if was only a change in the title "genthat he understands his duties and not negligent in their work. District eral secretary"to "coordinator"and performs them to the best of his ability.

shouldsupervisors have a thorough that also the of the latter is secretary dithe will coordinator look While of the which problemsunderstanding the as formerly the committee was rectly his inthe bishopric for to teachers confrontfrequently ward is correct. case. not This assumption structions the his duties, outline of and

is estraining that proper realizeand is a appointcoordinator new The profit will cohe wholehearted from teachers insential helping ward committee. the on to ment ward The operation the vicechairman with on for habits those make whichform general secretary poscould former in the stake committee, should be who teaching.successful ward sibly coordinator, appointed but be he a position asto render needed much

District supervisors who expect may as well be appointed the new sistance in the furthering of the proward teachers serving under their disecretary of the committee, depending gram.

rection to accomplish the objectives upon his abilities in view of the. reof the program are respected far more sponsibilities of each as outlined on

than those who are inclined to accept these pages in The Improvement Era ward boy leadership committee. Only

the excuses that are sometimes offered for September 1951. in very small wards and branches may

by those who have failed to do their In large wards, there should be both both positions be held by the same duty. a coordinator and a secretary on the person.

NOVEMBER 1951 829 CANNONS Another Improvement Era Service to the Church AND THE CALL {Continued from page 792) quired a yoke of cattle in payment for a debt. The team they called Colored "Chance"and "Lucky,"for, as

David said, "We got 'em by chance, and it was right lucky we Pictures did."

The Lamberts were delayed two years in their departure for Utah of because at Winter Quarters the Indians stole their cattle, and later Church their loaded wagon broke through:?:;>::

the ice on the Missouri River. But

in October 1849, they joyfully Leaders drove through Utah's canyons, to spec tor then aflame with aspen and maple and russet oak, into Salt Lake City. The very unusual fourcolor pictures of Church Leaders, which David went to work as an aphave recently been printed as prentice for the Deseret News, At

Era, Improvement for The covers eighteen, he walked all the way to SALT LAKE CITYDENVER great demand in such have been that they have now been reprinted San Francisco, California, where he for framing or other uses. They helped his older brother, George Q., epicureanFood preparedtaste—includingto your include publish the Book of Mormon in the mouthwatering charcoal

Hawaiian language. At twentyone broiled steaks, and Rocky

President he went to his old home in England Mountainis featured Rainbowdaily on theTroutProsDavid O. McKay on a mission, traveling without pector. Whatever your taste,

there's treat a in store for in need badly or scrip. purse When in this you streamliner's President a dare took he once of money, to cuisine.

Stephen L Richards ride a wild donkey without saddle Make Your or bridle, for which he was to reNext Trip a Pleasure Trip.,,

President ceive five pounds if he could stick Ride the Prospector

J. Reuben Clark, Jr. the animal. Removing his leather

belt, he buckled it around the donPresident key's neck, leaped to its back,

Joseph Fielding Smith caughtthe beltitswithtail thewithother.one hand"Stickandit,

Yank,"the crowd cheered, never COSTS LESS THAN dreaming that the successful rider OPERATING was a Mormon missionary. ReturnYOUR OWN CAR!

ing from his mission, David interReady Consult your friendly Rio Grande Agenf living witnesses the two for viewed delivery immediate for information, schedules fares. and Martin of Mormon, of the Book

Harris and David Whitmer. "The DENVER & RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD

Set of 4 Pictures earnest testimony of these men 30c stirred me as no other testimonies ever have done,"he often declared. DFFER... WE Postpaid Within three months after his A COMPLETE

return from England, he waSjOn the ENGRAVING SERVICE

ORDER FROM road again answering another call. FromCatalogues.Missionary Portraits to the Largest

Just twentythree years of age, Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

The Improvement Era—with a wife and baby, he was

CO. UTAH ENGRAVING

St. 50 North Main Street headed for Utah's Dixie to fulfil a 113 Regent Salt Lake City, Utah

Deseret Book Company—cotton mission. Now began a des44 East South Temple Street perate struggle, for the little desert

into a valley home. must be made Bookcraft—L. D. S. HEADQUARTERS FOR 1186 South Main Street St. the In 1877, George when IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA I I finished, Terpple Wilwas finally Association—The Primary KING'S REST YE MOTEL first was made its ford Woodruff Main Street 40 North 52G 5TH STREET SOUTH

H. Cannon David and his Dr. B. Foutz, Harold Owner SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH president H. Foutz, Edgar Manager in assistant. Finally 1893, David

became president of the temple. Beauty/rest Mattresses Throughout

830 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fortyeight years he labored in his temple mission, never being absent except for three brief periods. To Introducing

balance his life he cultivated his grape vineyards, his almonds, and his pomegranates.

On December 24, 1924, though "A LETTER he was in his eightyseventh year, he worked his usual hours at the temple. Then on that ChristmasEve, in the quiet of his own bed, TO MY SON"

he passed through the veil, to join the long caravan of the dead for By Ora Pate Stewart whom he had happily labored through half a century.

(Because of the interest shown in this new book, the first edition has run to 10,000 copies!)

Every Song Tells a Story $1.00

(Continued from page 789) for sustained"A most effectivevirtuous living.approach...toThisdemonstratebook will thebe particularlyrewards, bothvitalhereto servicemenand hereafter,and

turns meeting at each other's homes women, prospective missionaries, seminary—CHAPLAINstudents, andGRANTfiresideE. groups."MANN, Major, USAF

and furnishing the light from their homemade candles for the evening. new"Nobookotheris magnificent!"writer of our time has brought so much enrichment to my life.... This

Since there was no instrument to—GLENN E. SACOS, President, Y.M.M.I.A., Midvale Second Ward

accompany the choir, William used The "Iinfluencewould itlike'willtoexertsee willthis belittlestupendous!"book fall into the hands of every lad in the world.

his tuning fork to give the correct—MARGARET MASTERS, KSL and KSLTV

pitch. Later he was fortunate in "This book is an answer to the crying need of the world today. It may well be the

having four violinists to assist. Of BESTand progressionanswer in ourthat presentare the literature.rewards ofItvirtue;beautifullyand itpresentsis illustratedto all withyouthlivingthe happinessexamples

course there were no funds with which give soulfilling lessons."

which to buy music, which was ex-—LOUISE LAKE, President, Y.W.M.I.A., South Eighteenth Ward

pensive and difficult to obtain even "We do not have writers enough—DR.with JOHNa talentA. likeWIDTSOE,this."Editor, Improvement Era

with money. To offset this, William obtained the soprano part and

would arrange the other parts on ORA PATE STEWART, 925 First Ave., Salt Lake City, Utah

homemade music paper. In order Please send, autographed and gift wrapped, copies of...

material andto furnish new LETTER TO $ 1.00 SON MY keep his A

interested, supplied hemembers 1.00 THE BRANCHES OVER WALL....

1.00 PLANTED A TREEmany original songs and choruses GOD....EVE 2.50 PAGES FROM THE BOOK OF

for special occasions, composing GLEANINGS (Poems) 2.50

both the words and music. I TALK ABOUT MY CHILDREN - 2.00

William took the stock of the Please send the works (one copy of each) - 10.00

whip that he had used while driv- $10.00(A order.)copy of the poem HANDS, suitable for framing, will be mailed free with each

ing oxen across the plains and carefully made a baton to use in leading Name.

the choir. After all this preparation,

the choir was able to entertain the Address.

public with musicals and concerts.

The funds were carefully saved until years later enough was obtained to purchase an organ to accompany the choir.

Outstanding among the special COMING occasions for which the choir sang their the times belovedwere when to of IN president Nephi. Arches came

flowers were made for him to drive under, and parents and childrenwould line on each side of the street DECEMBER to greet him.

In 1857, when the Saints in Utah the addresses of the heard of the coming of Johnston's General Authorities of the

Army, they were justified in letting Church at the October General feelings run high. They knew of the Conference.

boasts of the men in this army;

(Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1951 831 Every Song Tells a Story

{Continued from preceding page) "Beauty and Booty"was their watchword. They were to have another grand Mormon conquest, and

the houses, gardens, orchards, vineyards, fields, wives, and daughters were to be the spoils.

As soon as William heard this news, he enlisted and went to Salt

Lake City to take his turn standing guard. Governor Young had proclaimed martial law throughout the

For Teachers and Advanced territory established headquarand This as year always, the

Students. 163. No. More

is of Books than Book the gift of ters at the Narrows in Echo Canreferences plus 60,000 study aids.

Atlas. Black Concordance and

ble leather cover. Moderately priced. flexiNationalgifts. EspeciallyBible. if.. itfinelyis a yon.

For Students. No. 123 Text Bible. printed and beautifully At the October conference in

striking in one of bound the for Designed young called to fill a 1875, William was people—ideal

gifts or for awards. in pages of the Many new colors—or tradimission thereby in Europe, was illustrations. helps He and tional black.

granted a leave of absence as choir leader. While presiding over the

Bristol Conference, it was necessary

Beloved King James Version to walk many miles in the cold and damp, and his health began to break.

Home, Lectern or Pulpit. No.

452 with large, easy to read After he had been there a year, crystalclear type. Morocco national Bibles President Albert Carrington of the grain genuine leather flexible

covers. Also with Concordance,

and words of Christ in red. Wherever Bibles Are Sold British Mission came to visit him

Ask to see the New Testaments for and felt that he should be released

Individual or group presentations. on account of his health.

William found it necessary to borrow funds for his return passage, and so on October 21, 1876, he signed a promissory note for $74.88 to the Perpetual Emigrating

Fund Company. (This note was

paid in full by his wife one and onehalf years after his death, and returned to her by order of Elder

Joseph F. Smith, acting secretary

of the Council of the Twelve Apostles.)

Perhaps it was while waiting at the Emigrating Office, as he noticed the number of Saints crowded there hurries, it hurries When a Nation by trying to arrange for passage to telephone. Distance serves on Long

that the inspiration came to giving them Zion, orders and there. job—gettinghere, speeding workers—rushingevery productionraw materials the song: him for

America's capacity to produce depends heavily upon good communications. Today, the vastly expanded

long distance telephone system is busy with national SONG FOR THE GATHERING defense. SAINTS

To help speed your long distance call, please give the operator the outof-town number whenever possible. Come sing a song to cheer us

Upon the ocean's foam, The Mountain States Telephone & Telegraph Co. So every soul that's near us

May know why 'tis we roam;

We're gathering in from tempest,

We hear the coming storm, HOTEL LAN KER SHIM 0O4Jtume4 And so by hurrying thousands 7th & BROADWAY We sail new friends to form.

To our native lands, adieu now,

To friends and father's grave,

IN THE VERY HEART OF SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. To every tie we say now—

LOS ANGELES 248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City Dial 3-1031 No longer we are slaves;

832 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We're gathering up to Zion To learn her pleasant ways, GET UTOCO WINTERIZING SERVICE

And mid the mountains hide us Though all the world may gaze.

aid us, prophets and hisGod IS THE TIME the sacred fire; NOWWe know

Ne'er yet has it betrayed us, And still it will inspire.

While Babylon groans in frenzy

Because her end is nigh. That special winterizing

The saints lift up their voices

And wake Hosannah high. attention your car needs

to protect it from cold And when we reach the mountains,

May we in peace abide, weather can't be done, trust in eachAccept trial, top early—but a few tide; turning theOr wait

Sustain each regulation hours delay may be too priesthoodThe may bestow, late!

This is the one salvation That Israel's tribes shall know!

CHORUS by thousands, Important ProtectionGathering home

By rail from forge and farm;

O'er ocean's wave in a rolling ship. Drive in today and have us:

] Drain and clean the radiator and supply antifreeze.

William arrived home in Novem- \ Drain the crankcase, flush it, and refill with motor oil in ber but his health did not improve, the proper winter grade.

and less than two months later, Lubricate your car thoroughly.

January 5, 1 877, he passed from this tires Tires to proAtlas "Gripsafe"Replace worn with new life. WV

for driving safety highways. vide on slippery you maximum

On January 7, William's casket Check your battery—to be sure it can stand the added

was carried from his residence to strain of cold weather driving.

the meetinghouse by members of Inspect the fan belt and replace if necessary.

the high council. The Nephi brass IS Check the hose connections and replace if necessary. band, of which he had been a member, played the funeral march. While

his remains were being lowered into the grave, his choir sang several of his favorite hymns. Thus a man Personalized Service

who loved music passed away; but When you have your car wintermany of his songs, together with ized by your Utoco dealer, you

his love of music, still remain with get not only top products but his family. the personalized attention of

conscientious, experienced men.

"Service is fine, at the Utoco sign!"

The World of the Jaredites 42nd Year of Progress {Continued from page 787) says Bar Hebraeus, who collected a vast amount of lore in central in thirteenth theAsia century, "God of day Cost Free Given To You—30 sent a for of Minerals wind, the supply Vitamins and and was Tower

- - get easy us only to sending two in overturned died and Nemrodh relatives friends orders from and for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS IN USE afford. everybody price can at it.": of violent picture atThe FOOD BALANCED simple of Canker, in treatment Aids

and compounded SUPPLEMENTSCIENTIFICALLY mospheric disturbances accompanthroat minor sore largest mouth and other oldest by guaranteed and in U.S. of vitamins

in spare time. Send ied by social upheavals, the scatand throat irritations. manufacturerEarn extra cash

tering of tribes, and the changing postcard today for free details.

of languages cannot but go back to 302V2NOYESW. CentralDISTRIBUTINGAve. Albuquerque,COMPANY, NewDIV. MexicoO some real experience; not only is it HALLS REMEDY

the sort of thing one would expect, Salt Lake City. Utah but it is also definitely known to ACCORDIONS

have happened time and time again FAMOUS ITALIAN MAKES

Available to Bible Students, Christian Workers—there is no reason for doubting and Missionaries at

SPECIAL DISCOUNTS that a great city called Babel once Read and Keep Write Today for suffered the long ago FREE Literature as same fate

III

(Continued The Improvement Era Dept.CHICAGOIE, 754 ACCORDIONN. Damen Ave.,CENTER,Chicago Inc.22, on following page)

NOVEMBER 1951 833 THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES

(Concluded from preceding page) ship, which his brothers felt sure Now, Lehi's people had to cross at the people of 'Ad and Thamud, of he would never be able to finish. least twice and probably three or

Lou Lan, Etsingol or the NasaYet the ship was finished, and the four times as much water as the monians. 54 family set sail. There is no menJaredites, and an ordinary ship sufBut what of the Book of Mortion of the Lord's giving any specificed for their purpose. But Jared's

mon? In striking contrast to the fications for the building of this ships were altogether unusual vesstory of Lehi, where the only tership, indeed, as Nephi describes it, sels. The Lord gave the builder

rors met on the journey by land and he was left largely on his own as a special instructions for every detail.

sea were the normal and familiar test of his faith, and his brethren They had to be submersible and yet ones, including a typhoon, we have apparently had no scornful comride very lightly on the surface of in the history of the Jaredite miments to make on the type of ship the waves. 'They were small and

gration a very freakish state of he was building. From which we they were light upon the water,"

things. The Lord commanded Neconclude that it was, as it is reyet built to stand terrific pressure:

phi to build "a ship"—an ordinary peatedly called, simply "a ship.""exceedingly tight,""tight like unto

a dish,"with special sealed vent holes that could not be opened when the water pressure on the outside was greater than the air pressure within. The Lord explained

why it would be necessary to build such peculiar vessels: because he

was about to loose winds of incredible violence that would make the crossing a frightful ordeal at best: any windows, he warns, will

be dashed to pieces; fire will be out

of the question; "ye shall be as a

whale in the midst of the sea; for

the mountain waves shall dash upon you... ye cannot cross this great

deep save I prepare you against the waves of the sea and the winds which have gone forth, and the floods which shall come. Therefore what will ye that I should prepare for you that ye may have light

when ye are swallowed up in the

Enjoy it now by depths of the sea? (Ether 11:2325.)

using our This was no normal crossing and

Time Payment Plan no brief passing storm: "the Lord

God caused that there should be a furious of the face wind blow upon there's better fj Somewhere in your |T, house room for

. the.. they waters were many It II I.I L closet wall, a rearranging living. By moving a

in times the buried the depths of or entrance... perhaps in the attic or the basement... sea, of the because mountain waves

you can have space for a study, den, recreation room or which broke upon them, and also bedroom. It's worth a try, why not do some planning now? the great and terrible tempests

which were caused by the fierceness

( It is the wind."perfectVI:5f.) 'c'eas on wnat do and of * 11/ ly clear that the our from account ideas materials, on 1Hill ID daJ 1V a"how onto dous *orit. Plans, W

suggestions on design and decorating, help in selecting comparty was to spend a good deal of time below the surface of the sea!

petent workmen or hints on how to do the work yourself... Of course such phenomenal and

We're all ready with a complete ONESTOP building service. continual winds cannot have been

a mere local disturbance, and we 36 Months to Pay—Only 10% Down may confidently assume that the

Use TriState's Time Payment Plan Book of Ether is reporting the same superwi-nds that are said to have accompanied and possibly caused the destruction of the tower.

In so many words, the Book of Ether tells us that at the time of the dispersion the world was swept 834 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

by winds of colossal violence. 50In Patrol. Graec. VI, 1101; virtually the old so great and cosmopolitan...."(Sibyll

434f.) text in Charles) (ed. the Sibyll R. H. V, for same three sourcesThere are main built that III, 98. of Jubilees, X, 251 (R. H. the idea tower was The

) this: old tradichecking the on race Charles 51Book unify to which expressly ( 1 ) the human

is dispersed alAnbiya, p. 43. Qissas found 52Tha'labi, tending to becometions of the tower, (2) actual hiswas

clouds in Sibyll (Budge) "touching the very Chron. SJBar Hebraeus, V, 423:

torical records of other places that and seen of all, so that all the faithful and For 'Ad and Thamud, R. A. Nicholson,I, p. 8.

have suffered the same fate as all the righteous may see the glory of the A Literary History of the Arabs (Camtells this invisible Ch.i; idea bridge, II, 32, Kraeling says 1930), Herodotus God."OfBabel, thereby showing that the

f, Bibl. a Lit. 66, presumptuous 282 is indeed Jnl. wicked "Here and Nasahow the

fate of Babel was a possible, nay a primitive, yet profound philosophy conmonians were forced to leave their land typical one, and (3) the studies of cerning the nature of the Oriental city."by drought, only to be buried in the sands

the paleoclimatologists, showing Whether(Kraeling, Babelop. cit.waspp.a 280-2)tower oris aa merecity bytheirterriblewanderings.winds Thethat overtooksuddennessthemof theon

that sudden world droughts accomquibble, since the two normally go together. fall of worldruling Babylon made an inpanied by very high winds have In spite of everything, God cursed the eradicable impression on the minds of men,

taken place within historic times. onproject*their becauseown withoutit wasconsultingundertakenhim:by"Woemen awho"codeword"have appliedto theeverynamedoomedof that cityworldas

I suppose that one would only have to thee, Babylon, goldenthroned and goldmetropolis since then, e.g. Rome, Alexto find the next major catastrophe ensandaled, thou who for many a year andria; B. Meissner, Babyl. und Assyr. I,

before 2300 B. C. in order to date wast queen, sole sovereign of the world, of 385-6.

the Tower of Babel with some accuracy. Meantime, I must insist

again, we are concerned only with the sort of thing that happened.

Not only does the Bible not mention the winds, but the Book of

Mormon itself does so casually, albeit very specifically, by way of explaining something else. This very

casualness is a strong argument for the authenticity of the record.

As we said at the beginning, the

Book of Ether leads one into the strangest regions. Now we shalldemonstrate the surprising fact that THE OFFICIAL

even at its oddest, our story neverloses touch with historical reality. L. D. S. MISSIONARY BIBLE

That is going to take a good deal is now available in four new durable and of time and paper, so let this suffice for the present and expect more. attractive bindings designed to withstand

(To be continued) continuous use in all climatic conditions

Bibliography An Essential For Missionaries, Teachers, Students, Churchworkers

"John de Pian de Carpini opens his account of his travels in Central Asia in the 13th century with a description of these The King James Version bound with the Church's official winds, (Ed.) Komroff M. Contemporaries

Liveright, (N.Y.: Poloof Marco 1927), Ready References and the useful and authoritative Cam-

p. 4. Such modern explorers as G. N. bridge Concordance and Dictionary to the Bible. A section

Roerich, Trails to Inmost Asia (Yale Uniof ruled paper for notemaking is included.

versity, 1931), refer to them repeatedly, e.g. p. 49: the great were approaching "We

desert basin of inner Asia, breath and each selfpronounced Set in bold, clear, I3lam Alpha and Omega, B'ch.i.8,xver.7.

beginning and the end, the j>aTim.4.B.of wind brought dust vast from its sandy center the type, with

jrMt.ig. 17. first and the last. 193-5,expanse."Pp. 110, 210, 404, references etc. column

Good general treatments of the major inweather history changes ancient leather, overlapping covers, fabric lined, simulated may be MB1 Durable in E. P.found C. Brooks, Climate Through $7.50 gold edges. red underthe (London, Ages 1926).

A. R. Burn, Minoans, Philistines, and MB2 The finest Persian Morocco leather, straight edges, fabric

Greeks (N. Y., Knopf, 1930.) lined, red under gold edges. Indexed $ 12.00

Christopher Dawson, The Age of the Gods MB3 The finest Persian Morocco leather, overlapping cover, 1928).(London, Murray,

$11.00 fabric lined, red under gold edges (as illustrated).

I, Civilization, Eyre, 94f, 103; EuropeanEd

$12.00 Indexed B. Biologist S. Haldane, at LooksJ. "A

England,"Harpers 175 (Aug. 1937) pp. MB4 The finest Persian Morocco leather, overlapping covers,

284, 286. genuine leather lining, red under gold edges. $13.00

V. G. Childe, New Light on the Most Ancient East (N.Y.: 1934), Ch. ii.

45Henning Haslund, Men and Gods in From our dealers everywhere

Mongolia (NY.: Dutton, 1935), p. 108,106110. THE DESERET BOOK COMPANY

"Idem, pp. 176-8. 44 East South Temple Street, Salt Lake City 10, Utah

"Id., p. 177.

fW p. 106. "Eusebius, Chronicon I, iv, in Patrol.

Graec. XIX, 116.

NOVEMBER 1951 835

- - v-Surl J)hepherd, EDITORTODAY'S

helped. You will have done what

most people realize, too late, they should have done, for you will have Folder Traveling

it. visiting to see before are arran t you &y JU W. 3, read and studied about the place reads about the everyone Nearly

places visited, when once again for any author who has ever been back home, instead of ahead of to the place in which you are intime when it would be of trementerested has written of his visit dous advantage. It is then he learns

there. of the things he missed. He busily

You will find authentic histories, makes notes of all this for the next poetry, articles, pictures, and novtrip—but often there is no next

els. If you make notes of the imtrip.

portant facts you read and of the Perhaps the actual trip can never interesting places to visit, you will be taken. This need not put a stop

soon have acquired considerable into your hobby, for much enjoyformation about the spot you hope ment is to be had in just "folder some day to see. Items such as the traveling."It can easily lead to

popular flowers, the average temother engrossing fields, such as the at to plan the season perature you flowers. of study reading While collecting of think ever you

is there, English not or whether be of the flowers varied at the pointDIDtravel folders as This a hobby? in hotels, other large the spoken and interest, of the to urge come may start not should does mean you like of noted. should data nature be visit local the nursery where many allgathering folders the can you

flowers of a like nature be seen may discriminating. befind—rather, for and procured develophome about places youChoose only those

ment. Again, the original reading

find interesting. tan *Jjo Jrt

travel of the folders might inspire Uou You have had a yearning to to the religious beliefs look up column for young you 'J'hisvisit Hawaii? Your local travel people, and for any of the inhabitants. To some readersagent will furnish you, free, beautifully colored literature pertaining others who wish to take the idea of collecting postage

to the islands. South America? Engadvantage of it, features stamps of the country will appeal,

land? Alaska? China? The same oparticles of a "howto- whilecoins orotherspost cards.will want to saveportunity is available to you. doit"nature. ContribuThe hobby of travel folders is a

are welcome and there are tions Should where you live fascinating that is caone—one travel agents, the local will be trip to considered ano for pable fields vast of opening of

library will enable you to get a list publication at regular pleasure. Give it a try!

of the steamship companies to rates.

whom a letter can be written asking—Photograph courtesy D. Cranney

for folders covering a particular trip. Their cooperation in sending As you really get into the

them will fairly overwhelm you! reading, it will become more and

Not only do travel agencies have more fun! Each topic studied will

pamphlets, but also large hotels in suggest others, until your knowlthe cities you would like to visit edge of the place becomes that of have an ample assortment. These an expert. In a short time the

tell of the hotel rates, services, and colored pictures in the folders will give information about surrounding have true meaning for you—so

vicinity. Nearly all countries have much so that you will be able to

tourist bureaus in the larger cities, speak with a degree of familiarity and a short note to these asking for about the locality. You can tell

descriptive booklets will soon have of the clothing habits of the people your mailbox overflowing. and of their customs and sports.

Reading the travel folders will When the time comes actually encourage you to visit the public to board the ship that will take you library for additional information. there, you will be amazed at how

Then you are really on your way much this background study has 836 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Herds rice with A MEAL FOR TWO

(lessons in Eating arfiofffie- for uouna people awau from home) flavor

/CHttf is tastier

7&Uf is "tops"

It's Rice Mexicano—a main dish with

a touch of glamour. And a real manpleaser!

Cook rice this way and you and the family will sit down to a treat. When

you've scraped the bottom of the casserole and the family asks where that unusual flavor came from, tell them chopped ripe olives! How to make:

Rice Mexicano 1 cup uncooked rice 2 tsps. salt

1 chopped onion 2 cups canned % cup chopped green tomatoes sweet pepper I/2 CU P chopped ripe 1 lb. ground beef olives

1 chili tbsp. powder in the Westwere elders There in rice Fry oil or butter until golden a Mission few ern Canadian

years ago who could tell you all onion,brown. greenRemovepepperrice fromand beef.pan andBrownadd

about "Gugumpuckie."They ate it lightly. Stir in chili powder, salt,

three times a week. It was good, tomatoes, 1 cup water and chopped

ripe olives. Pour over rice in casserole,

too, but inclined to get monotonous, mix well. Bake in moderate oven

as any food combination does when (350 F.) 45 min. to 1 hour. Serves 6,

served too often. Buy ripe olives ready chopped

For two young working people,—more convenient

maindish meals, together with any Your grocer has kind of raw salad, milk, and fruit chopped ripe are perhaps the simplest solution olives, ready to use, in small cans to the dinner problem at the end of that cost only a a busy day. For some reason or few pennies. They

other, it's simpler to put the vegeareso versatile,so easy toyou'lluse, tables in a stew and then dish the probably want to keep several cans shelf always. on your it is to out of one pot than meal MLLEYSIT'S GOOD all separately and have cook them Ingredient You know Magic The

the pans to wash later. how a favorite seasoning or one of

Now taste how cold cuts But in accordance with instrucoftenyour verymakesownthe"secretdish. ingredients"You'll find

take on new flavor detions in earlier articles, one should chopped ripe olives do just that for light with Tang! For remember that the purpose of food many "basic recipes."Add a sprinpresto!—

olives Tang, alone among is to nourish the body, give it viklingit's magic!of theseTrymorselschoppedandripe

dressings, provides the tality and resistance to disease, and with seafood, special "flavor factor"not merely to satisfy immediate with meats, with cheese and egg that gives extra zest. hunger. dishes; add them

In balancing a dinner, one should to meat loaves to spaghetti for and the chiefly keep need in mind f&H4f is thrifty, too! sauces and

protein, yellow for green vegeand to "MiWlfijm f dishes. Mexican

fe tables, and for some raw food. And of course, to

Other items such as bread, potaappetizers!

more to like If know you'd toes, fruit milk, or other sweets and to other ways and these suit to the needs and about added will be chopped olivesboth ripe enjoy desires of those preparing and eatand whole—send for "Elegant lew? the perfect ing the meal. The importance of butnia EasyRipe RecipesOlives."withIt's Califorfull of

raw fruit or vegetables at every practical ideas and it's free.

salad dressing meal, either in salad or beverage Write Olive Advisory Board,

Beale Street, San 1, 1 6 California. form, cannot be overemphasized. A Dept.FranciscoT-l 5,

{Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1951 837

Meal for Two"hare some Fritos/"A (Continued from preceding page) slice of tomato on a lettuce leaf is not enough raw food for general vegefruits and daily use. Raw

minerals provide not only PARTIES tables

Fritos'golden goodness makes a hit and vitamins that are always partat refreshment time. Folks everywhere ly destroyed in cooking, but they

enjoy the mellow flavor richness of also supply muchneeded bulk in the intestinal tract to keep it funcFritos. tioning normally.

A main dish might incorporate any protein food such as meat, fish, eggs, cheese, beans, and peas, or SNACKS

Crisp, golden Fritos—tempting tidbits even nut dishes, alone or in combination with vegetables. It might

for betweenmeal enjoyment! Treat the simply be a cheese sauce over

family to Fritos, delicious any time of baked potatoes, creamed eggs and day. fish, shirred eggs on spinach, or

kidney bean rarebit on toast. (See

recipes in The Improvement Era,

stews, soups, and other concoctions PICNICS July 1951, p. 538.) Then there are

It's crunchycrisp Fritos for eating pleashiding under such names as "Gugum-puckie."Recipes are for two

ure outof-doors! Fritos are grand with

or three ample servings.

picnic food favorites. Enjoy them often.

THE FRITO COMPANY Salt Lake City, Utah—Los Angeles, Calif. Ricehamburger( GugumpuckieStew

lj/2 cups cooked brown rice mmt TNtse 6> WONDERFUL Y onion, medium ALL-O-WHEAT ]/2 lb. hamburger tomatoes No. 2 can Yl CER EAL chopped

The Best and Most Healthful Fry the hamburger, then lightly

Cereal for Your Family to Eat! brown onion in the fat. Strain off reand hamburger mix maining fat. Then

is not All-O-Wheat or casserole in the rice onions with the only made from finest 100% Whole kettle, and pour tomatoes over mixWheat which conture. Bake in moderate oven or simtains all the food valmer on top of stove for 20 minutes.

it ues, but also conits tains values and AlVITA AIFAIFA TEA Serve with a large green salad.

original..Alvita Alfalfa Tea. The flavor AFdelicious

ordinary than Alfalfawholesome more Tea it is processed. farcoffee. selected isor from TER tea Made Casserole Alfolfo lender, cuttings green Sausage of and Bean Lima

it IT'S STEEL incomparably CUT brewsfresh, leaves—tea a

Alvila Alfalfa refreshing. brisk keen, iiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiii and jiiiiminniiiiMiiniiiMiiiiiiiiiiim minimi

is min* and California's grown famed link sausage the eralrich where Desert Mojavein pound ce-j breakfast ALL-O-WHEAT j sub- Y virgin. soils are lima beans 2 cooked cups is granular to milled a real |

flour 1 tbsp. Steel special fineness on a | | pvycag

cup milk retaining thus | Cut machine, | ALVITA ALFALFA -MINT TEA 1 salt tsp. that of vitamins, tea combines Here blended maximum la

Alvita's the re- Y is originala with Alfalfa Tea mustard tsp. dry proteins, I freshing of building palatable pepgoodness body min- || Y andIt delightfully satisfying permint. mokes-a buttered crumbs cup etc. erols, Alvita Alfalfa beverage. | Remember | Y

natural wholesome is a Peppermint Tea iiimiiiiiiiiiiiimiiS riiimiiiiiimiiiiimiimmiinimiiiiiiiiiitiimmi for in store drink the treot that has a reaf minto 15 slowly 12 sausages Fry ALL-O-WHEAT IS whole family. pieces in frequently. turning Cut utes,

ALVITA TEA PARSLEY the to Taste DELICIOUS layers with in alternate arrange and favorite..another Parsley and Tea. Alvita to the Body NUTRITIOUS natural with food choice popular flour with dish. Blend baking in beans

tell Parsley Alvita makesusers. that us Manya PREPARE TO EASY is perfect fine tea, not as only but a until thickened, milk fat, cook and add

for slocks, parslied potaseasoning soup to use VERY ECONOMICAL uses. kitchen seasoning toes other salt and and musconstantly. stirring Add J

it it s certain the..you Try can Today, be

grocers finest. today mixture, at your Get it and bean over tard, pour

or write to for our Free Brochure, Today Write

For Enjoyment"sprinkle top with crumbs. Bake in Foods Wholesome "Noturaf

ALL-O-WHEAT CO. moderate over (375 F.) until brown,

about 30 minutes. Serve with green

OGDEN, UTAH peas and carrotcelery salad.

838 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Brown Beef Stew

1 lb. boneless stewing beef

2 cups water 2 potatoes, diced 1 onion, sliced 3 carrots, diced 1 cup green beans Salt, flour, drippings

Cut meat into inch cubes, sprinkle with salt, roll in flour, and brown in drippings. Then add water, cover, and

simmer until almost tender, 2 to 3 hours. Add vegetables, season with

salt, and continue to simmer, covered, until vegetables are just tender-—not

mushy. Stir occasionally. (If hamburger is used in place of stewing meat,

brown the meat, add vegetables and water, and the stew will be ready in half an hour.) Serve with coleslaw.

Dumplings

4 cup fine wholewheat flour 2 x/2 teaspoons baking powder J/2 teaspoon salt 1 egg 1/3 cup milk

Sift dry ingredients together. Beat

egg, add milk, and mix with flour mixture. Drop by small spoonfuls on boiling stew, cover tightly, and cook 15

minutes. Cover must not be removed

while dumplings are cooking.

Bean Chowder

1 cup dry beans 2<4 cup diced carrots % cup cooked or canned tomatoes 1 onion, chopped 3/3 cup shredded green pepper 1 tablespoon flour 2 tablespoons water lJ/J cups milk "Salt

Soak beans in 1 quart cold water overnight. Cover pan and simmer beans

until fairly tender, adding more water, if necessary. Add vegetables; cook

until tender. Make smooth paste of

flour and water and stir into cooking vegetables. Cook 15 minutes longer.

salt, milk and Add reheat. Serve with tyou, and.. fruit salad. peanut and

You're bound to Potato Nests with Eggs be the family angel when you 2 cups mashed potatoes team up with 5 eggs TILBEST to Salt bake a heavenly meltin-yourmouth AnMix potatoes with one of the eggs. gel Food. It's so easy. You

Shape mixture into four balls, place on just add water, mix and greased baking sheet. Press centers bake. Never a failure.

of balls to make cups. Break an egg

into each cup, season with salt. Bake Try these other Tilbest Mixes

CHIFFON CAKE in moderate oven (325 F. ) 20 to 25 BROWNIE MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS BLUEBERRY DOUGHNUT MUFFIN minutes.

NOVEMBER 1951 839 HOW TO CARVE IT Thewill turkeyhave a carvermuch pleasanterin your familytime istableto sothe thatleft theand neckthe oflegstheto birdthe if he has some idea of where to right. The carving fork should be

start and whereto-gofrom-there, placed at the left of the platter and in carving the royal bird. the carving knife at the right, blade

The cook may help by having in. Have an extra plate close by

the turkey placed on a large flat for the carved meat.

platter and set at the head of the

Fine Cakes, w

POUND

for POUND, 1. Carving begins on the side of the

fH0t/ people bird facing the carver. He takes the

use mou endof theof leftthehand,drumstickand thenbetweenwith thethe carvingfingers

CLABBER knife cuts through skin and meat. He 3.. The wing is removed by first driving

GIRL than presses drumstick away from bird, to locate a fork into the breast, astride the keel or any other stickjoint; fromthen thecuts bird.through it to sever drumthroughbreast bone.aboutThenonehalfwith theinchknife,abovehe cutsthe

baking wing. Pressing the wing away from the

powder. body with the fingers will disclose the

joint; then cut through the joint. The

wing also may be separated into two pieces.

4, Breast meat is carved in thin slices, 2. Meat may be sliced from this section angling across the grain parallel to the

without disjointing the thigh and leg. breast bone, and cutting down toward the

the carver the drumstick Or may hold on wing joint.

plate, the joint HUIMAN & COMPANY. TERRE HAUTE. IND. the to the bone, cut through

then hold the thigh down with the knife For each serving have white slices laid and press the drumstick down with, the over dark with dressing underneath or

OPCBBC other hand until the joint snaps, and the along side. It is easy to get at the dressing

PIKES PEAK two parts are separated. after breast meat has been sliced.

FLOUR HANDY HINTS With FOUR onePaymentdollar uponfor Handypublication.Hints Inusedthewilleventbe andD. E.whenMcC.dry wipe with damp cloth.

Extra Baking that two with the same idea are submitted, Payson, Utah will earlier receive the postmarked the one

If to desiring besoak a child's Advantages hand dollar. ideas of the returned, be can None or infection, of soreness take cause a deep careful consideration. will receive each but

in put bucket object or and some pan

MILLS SALT LAKE FLOUR that for; large the will child reach the of cooking frankbottom a number For

425 West 5th South furters, a French fryer is a great timekeep putting it back so that the baby will

Salt Lake City. Utah saver. Have the frankfurters ready in the keep his hand in the water trying to reach

wire basket, then dip them into the pan for it.

when the water is boiling. When they are P. M. M.

cooked through, lift the basket and all the Salt Lake City, Utah frankfurters out together ready to come plastic off curtains trimmed bottom The for that are too or long the drapes windows Read and C. Keep J.serve.

ruffle lovely matching for a narrow makes Scarsdale, York New the of shades. bottom top lamp and The Make

Improvement Era sinks,To makeremovea pastestains offromthreebathtubsparts creamand theK. T.lamp shade look new, too!

of tartar and one part peroxide. Spread on, McGill, Nevada

840 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

HOMEMAKER'S BOOKRACK CARING FOR THE PREMATURE BABY (Lillian Saltzman. Chapman and

Grimes, Boston. 1951. 142 pages. Bathroom luxury /

$2.50.) author of registered this book, aHThe in specialized nurse the care TOILET TISSUE who of premature infants, exhibits a strong background of information and experiAdd a new luxury to your bathroom for not a penny more—ence in this field. She has analyzed

Toilet costs Tissue no itsand written about problems than in a MDmore tissue! ordinary carefulvery analytical and manner, time Next shop, you buy inand a clear language simple and rolls several of MD! for allenough to understand.

Methods of incubation, proper manner of feeding, bathing, clothing, and otherwise caring for the premature baby are discussed in detail, as are protection from infection, baby's emotional needs, etc. Mothers in the home,

practical nurses, or others who are entrusted with the care of premature infants will find this book of great value.—B. S.

General Authorities Sustained {Continued [com page 778) at a budget price as bishop, counselor in the stake presidency, and stake president. He

with his wife, Jane Foote Taylor, whom he married in December 1911, went to England in 1950 to serve as president of the British

Mission.

He and Sister Richards are the Distinctive Records parents of six: May, Robert whose for EVERY LD.S. HOMEtragic death from polio called OH BOY/

Elder and Mrs. Richards from EngMY PICTURE BOOK OF

land, Marian, William, Nancy, and SONGS

Lee. Children love these 19 cleverly dramatized

tunes.

J7lRay L, Christiansen, president 3 10inch records in album $3.95

of the Logan Temple since 1943, THE(HeKINGThat Hath OFClean Hands)GLORY has likewise filled many positions Sung by of respect and trust in the Church. JESSIE EVANS SMITH

Born July 13, 1897, he filled the SALT LAKE TABERNACLEand the CHOIR usual assignments in the priesthood 12inch semiflex record $1.31

and auxiliary organizations of the JOSEPH SMITH'S OWNChurch. He graduated from the STORYUtah State Agricultural College

recording narrated by A documentaryand engaged in teaching and You're A. McKINLAY LYNN

leadership in the educational field Right There 3 12inch semiflex records in album....$5.05

until he and his wife, Luella Rees with a <@ "THE STORYWatch OFfor NEPHI"whom he married June 14, 1922,... full color, three dimenalbum to be released soon

were called as missionaries in the sional pictures of American At your dealer or direct from

Central States Mission. Upon his scenic beauty. Hundreds of

return he again began teaching and reels—each with seven magworking in the forestry service nificent pictures.

during the summers. He has taught Write for free catalog

in the Logan seminary of the Church from which position INC. ARTS, he was PHOTO RECORDINGcalled to be president of the TexasStreet 19 West South Temple CO. h MATERIALS CITY, UTAHLouisiana SALT LAKE Mission. his return Upon

all mail orders Ph.3-1404 So Temple for postage 35c 2 7 West Addafter more than four years of servsales tax CITY, customers UTAH. LAKE Utah add SALT 2%

( Concluded on page 842 NOVEMBER 1951 841 General Authorities Sustained

(Concluded from page 841) ice, he again taught in the Logan seminary, when he was called as temple president. He also was a

member of the presidency of Cache

Stake and later president of East

Cache Stake.

Elder and Mrs. Christiansen are

the parents of three, two daughters and a son, Frances Jean Elwood,

Dorthea Murdock, and John R.

Christiansen.

John Longden, a member of the Church welfare committee since

May 1950, was born in England November 4, 1898. His family

moved to Utah in 1909. Elder

Longden, who is gifted with a beautiful voice, spent two years with stock companies. He is a

talented singer and has sung his way into the hearts of those among whom he has labored. He served

as a missionary in the Central

States Mission for three years, and also in the bishopric of the Nineteenth Ward and later as bishop.

He has also served a total of eighteen years on high councils, four on

The neighborhood children that of the Salt Lake Stake and will love you for selecting fourteen in the Highland Stake.

Glade's fresh assorted canIn October 1924 he married dies... in Halloween colors LaRue Carr, who is second coun-

... to put in their loot bags. selor in the general presidency of

Shop early at your favorite the Y.W.M.I.A. They have two

candy counter for these gay daughters, Gayle Hickman and cellophane bags: softcenter Sharon Longden.

Chews, tasty Straws, luscious Chocolate Drops, rich Butter PIONEER CEMETERY Creams, tempting Jellies and longlasting candy Delights.—Mendon, Cache County, Utah

By John Gallinari Whidding

T Tere, on the lap of mountains tipped with * * snow Which cast their shadows on the little town, The graveyard of the pioneers looks down rich, wide valley where the roses IS The When Doctor Says HERE grow stilled hearts only By know prophecy—but

much of toil, much of sunhewn how How ', 'STOP REAL HAIR

SMOKING'BEAUTY Howcrownfrown.much of trustin-God held grace to

That hot, dry earth where hardy harvests

Creamed NICOSTOP blow. No tales are richer than the spans of life

Austerely cut stones on Shampoo above men's it easy makes heads 2% POWDERED WITH egg in Mentioned Dr. Merrill's column, NICOsimple dates Their they took and whom is STOP endorsed by leading physicians. m to wife: Pleasant, harmless. Many thousands have if your hair needs used successfully. If all rest, the swallows Time your druggist nature and cannot

supply, clip this or write ad for free spreads... - detaiis help to:

bright green mantle over care and NICOSTOP, Dept. A., Saint Helena, California L*D-J Her it needs strife.

There is no slumber deeper than the dead's.

842 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Fifty LD.S. Scouters Attend

Training Conference For delicious (Continued from page 774) more than its share of professionalscouters. At the time of the confer- m

ence there were fiftyfive in the TURKEYscouting service who are members of the Church. All but five of these

attended. Most of these men are assigned DRESSING

in the eight western states of Utah,

Idaho, Nevada, Arizona, California, Oregon, Washington and

Montana. One is from Indiana, one

from Mississippi, and one from the

Hawaiian Islands. RtCIPE

are Following these men, their wEASY

Mix together crUmbs locations:assignments and

Hawaii: Milton Allen, assistant Scout

executive, Honolulu Council.

Indiana: Sylvan D. Warner, Scourt executive, St. Joseph Valley Council, South

Bend.

Mississippi: Berry, H. Shelby field ex- 1 fenced celeryecutive, Petal. Council, Pine Burr

Washington: W. Tell Gubler, field executive, Blue Mountain Council, Walla

Walla. field Nichols, execuMontana: Malcolm with dtessmg -V Council,tive Missoula. Western Montana

Oregon: Royal B. Stone, deputy executive, 11, Portland; Region Jerry Burnham, v-*- V"3r'field executive, Trail Council, Oregon

Coos Bay.

Arizona: Harold E. Poulsen, Scout executive, 3-G Council, Safford.

Nevada: James Gwilliam, field executive, Ely. Council, Area Nevada y/H if*

L. Strong, execuScout Idaho: Vernon

tive, Gardner and S. Vernon and LawBf* *? T>

rence J. Barrett, field executives, Teton

Peaks council, Idaho Falls; Todd Y. Purcell, field executive, Tendoy Area Coun- r>"

cil, Montpelier; Glen H. Tolman, field executive, Snake River Council, Rupert. ***

California: Harrald S. Alvord, deputy

executive, Region 12, Los Angeles; Victor Lindblad, Scout executive, C. R. Balmforth, assistant Scout executive; Gordon

Hawkins and Otis O. Fuller, district executives, BerkeleyContra Costa Council;

Rossand DonJ. Taylor,C. Kimball,assistantseniorScoutfieldexecutive,execuQUEEN OF THE TABLE

tive, Golden Empire Council, Sacramento;

J. Melvin Harrison, assistant Scout executive, and John D. Warnick, field executive, Council, Chico; Mt. Area Lassen BIBLE THE KNOW50 RELIGIOUS QUESTIONS VITAL Ingersoll, executive, Scout and M.Rex IN Answered by WHEN

field executive, Peterson,Elden Yosem- J. BIBLICAL 800 QUOTATIONS IMPORTANT CITY LAKE Binding Cloth 251——$2.00 SALT Pages Council, Paul Y. Dunn, Modesto;ite Area

Visit the assistant B. executive, Scout Dunn, Vern and ALWARD BENJAMIN

district executive, Los Angeles Area 148Or Bookcraft;First Ave. DeseretSaltBookLakeCo.;CityZ.C.M.I.3, UtahCouncil. QUISH

field executive, Sononia Mark Judy,

Council, Petaluma; George BEAUTY SHOPMendocina

Bergstrom, district executive, Crescent at 338 South

Bay Area Council, Santa Monica; Rock Main Street

M. Kirkham, assistant Scout executive,.IHANKflJII/ING Expert Hair Dressers and Beauticians

Council,Mission Barbara; Santa Clyde for 40 years. V. POP assistantPearson, executive, Scout San WAVES, FACIALS, AND PERMANENT TIME Fife,Francisco Cecil S. Council; FAILS w MANICURES, OUR SPECIALTIES Scout JOLLYIT NEVERexecutive, Council, Santa Empire Orange AT ALL GROCERS

Ana; Folkman D. Brown, assistant Scout

{Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1951 843 FIFTY LD.S. SCOUTERS ATTEND TRAINING CONFERENCE

(Concluded from preceding page) ant; Ray Hatch, assistant Scout executive;

executive, San Joaquin Calaveras Council, Kenneth Cheesman and Hans Rasmussen,

Stockton; Vernon Hansen, Scout execufield executives, Great Salt Lake Council;

tive Redlands Area Council, Redlands; Rulon W. Doman, Scout executive; James

Gerald S. Manson, field executive, Long G. Anderson, assistant Scout executive;

Beach Area Council, Long Beach; Floyd Woodrow C. Dennett, John L. Cross, and

Loveridge, assistant Scout executive, Old Grant Mace field executives, Utah NaBaldy Area Council, Pomona; Robert tional Parks Council, Provo; Preston W.

Toronto, Riverside County Council, RivPond, Scout executive, and David Meerside. cham, field executive, Ogden Area CounUtah: D. L. Roberts, national director cil; Thayne Packer, Scout executive, and

of Mormon Relationships Service, Salt Anthony I. Bentley and Darrald Watkins,

Lake City; D. E. Hammond, Scout execufield executives, Cache Valley Council,

tive; Albert O. Quist, administrative assistLogan.

Mouth—and tke hiftina

lAncertaintieS RICHARD L EVANS '"Phere is another phase of this question of saving and conserving the seed, and of being prepared to face the future—a question which in its ultimate implications

has to do with adults as well as with youth. If we would

fortify ourselves for the future as well as meeting matters of the moment, we must learn to deal with young people so as not to keep them constantly in a state of evershift- ing uncertainty. If the prospects were to change from

day to day, if the scenes should shift too frequently, if uncertainty should become chronic and capricious, it could conceivably produce a footloose generation—a generation

lacking the confidence and incentive to prepare for the future. There is a limit to the number of times that a

tender plant can be disturbed without losing strength and growth and stability. When a plant—or a person—has

been uprooted too many times, it isn't easy to take firm root again. And if we aren't farseeing in this particular

Bind Your problem, there is always present the possibility of destroyImprovement Eras ing the seed of one of our greatest resources—the seed

that would produce a perpetual harvest of competent, for Reference solid, resourceful, prepared people. The past has proved

that cutting down the forest without replanting impoverishes the future. (To depart from the previous figure for

Preserve your Improve- a moment, a team can be confused and demoralized by ment Era copies by having them bound into permanent shifting the plans and the plays too frequently.) We may

yearly volumes. You'll find not match others in man power, but we may morethan

them excellent reference match them in skill and competence and technical training sources for your family, and and in resourcefulness in meeting emergencies—and we

they are a proud addition must see that it is so, not only now, but a d'ecade from to any library. Quality now, a generation from now. We are not living in a

workmanship and materials settled time, but even in an unsettled time, there must be will make these volumes serious consideration for the future as well as for meeting last a lifetime. matters of the moment. And youth must be encouraged

to continue with calm purpose—and not be frustrated by

The cost is just $3.00 per volume the shifting uncertainties. We must conserve and save

(F.O.B. Salt Lake City; postpaid, add our material and mental and moral and spiritual resources,

30c. Canada and other foreign and keep strong and prepared for the future by helping

countries add 75c.)

each generation to grow up with its roots down deep.

Phone or write today for further information -Jke, Spoken Word from TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROAD1951 CASTING SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 23, Deseret News Press 1951 Copyright, 8 South Main Street Salt take City, Utah 4-2581 844 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Pageant Grows

(Concluded from page 783) the largest city MOST EVERY DAY WE RECEIVEat one time was in all Illinois, a fact which seemed to arouse the hatred of all the lawLetters from Bishops less elements of the old Mississippi

Valley frontier. It was then that

Joseph Smith and his brother saying how glad were martyred, and the peaceful they are that they community he had founded was chose a broken up, as the Mormon families, in the dead of winter, crossed the

Mississippi and camped in the HAMMOND snows of Iowa.

Since that period of fierce persefor their Ward!

cution, America has learned to respect the Mormon people who, by Because...

industry and intelligence, made the desert "blossom as the rose,"literal- 1. Costs so much less yet you get so much more.

ly, and brought about a practical 2. Never can get out of tune.

application of Christianity through 3. Easy to play.

cooperative effort and mutual help. 4. Cold, heat or dampness can never affect it.

Today their young people, most of 5. Takes up less room.

them college trained, serve in the Drop in at any of our stores or write in for information.

mission fields not only to proselyte but also as examples of Christiancitizenship. GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO.

Merely as a dramatic spectacle, 74 SOUTH MAIN STREET Salt Lake City—Provothe pageant at Hill Cumorah is an Ogden—

outstanding example of Mormon cooperative effort. But as a demonstration of how understanding and

tolerance have grown in Western

New York, it is of immense even significance. a child

can lift QihThese Times - [Continued from page 770) Energized tegrity of China within an AtlanticAnglo-American sea power system ap- "MARVEUIFT"peared in 1903 to be doomed to failure.

In 1951 it seems, at first glance, that CRAWFORD DOOR! Villi Ought To

the fall of Chiangkai-shek and the victory of the Chinese communists has See Us New!

permanently sealed Adams'reputation as a great prophet. It should be borne We're all decked out in beain mind, however, that the stake in the utiful new colors and comJapanese treaty is the ultimate "confortable new furnishings—the

trol"of China as the key to the control most attractive, restful lobby of Asia; and that the American object

from the standpoint of any historical and lounge you've ever seen!

sense is to make the effort to utilize And in the Coffee Shop, too!

Japan as the instrument to control If you are one of the many

China, in order to control Asia, in folks who have always preorder to add to American "intensity"AYFRIl OnlyCrawfordDoor CompanyIs the ferred the Temple Square, (read kilowatts for to or atom bombs

Merit ReceiveAwardthe you'll find it even more deintensity) an essential volume (read space, land, manpower for volume ) lightful now. Come in soon—

or conversely, to detach Asiatic inyou ought to see us now!

tensity and volume from Russian volCRAWFORD ume, so that Russian "volume"and DOOR SALES CO.

"inertia"will not threaten the Atlantic 155 West 2nd Southsystem, built by AngloAmerican powSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH HOTEL and if the iser, even Atlantic exsystem 1001 Bannock Street TEMPLE SQUAREtended in and perpetuated the Pacific. DENVER, COLORADO

Manager Clarence L. West, (Concluded on following page)

NOVEMBER 1951 845.

These Times -

(Concluded from preceding page)

In other words, the American object is to prevent Adams'prophecy from having permanent fulfilment.

Adams, while remarkably prescient, could not predict, nor was he fully conscious, of the role Japan's force an "intensity"rather than a "volume"to be sure—could and would ultimately

play in the Pacific and in the world.

British diplomacy was semiaware and thus concluded the AngloJapanese alliance of 1902. American diplomacy

followed step with the RootTakahari agreement of 1907. Both seemed to PROTECTION PLUS

recognize that ultimately Japan would

insure you thru the KOLOB AGENT Why Share Your Space nationstatenecessarily functionsystem as(Hay'sthe agentCombine)of the inYou get many plus features when Strong, your community:

with a Swinging Door? in promoting the welfare of Asia. company policies, prompt, fairstocksetWhile the Atlantic community was tlement of claims and expert adin Kolob More Agents than 300 a "MODERNFOLD // busyJapanoninthe1915westernpresentedfront ofChinaFlanders,with vice on any insurance problem. Utah, Idaho, Montana Nevada. and

famous "Twentyone Demands"door takes none the in effect, which, the Ger- A General Insurance Agency gave Japan

MORE SPACE FOR LIVING man concessions in China and placed writing all types of protection

NEW COLORFUL BEAUTY Asia.Japan asThethecrushingsuzerainofofRussiathat partin theof

RIGIDSTRENGTH OF STEEL RussoJapanese war of 190405 was,

MOVABLE WALLS of course, a step in this direction. This

hegemony of Japanese industrial and that the doors fold military power over the continent of FRANK SALISBURY, Mgr. accordion like an

Asia could not be depressed by Britain, 330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City

busy in mortal struggle; in fact Japan

was brought into the war by British pressure, with secret agreements to enlarge Japanese hegemony in the Pacific

For demonstration write or phone by giving her the former German

Caroand the Marianas the LansingIshii agree1343 SO.ALDER'SMAIN SALT LAKE CITY lines.islands—theAnd, in

Phone 7-1531 ment of 1917, the United States seemed to covertly flash a green light to Japan.

Please send your free me not, after did Bryan rebooklet entitled At least we

IE-2. for Space Living""More

in linquished State the Department

NAME 1915, cry "halt."

Address At World War I's end, however,

City State we, with the British, attempted to "harness"Japan and bring her back into the Hay system through the Just Open A

Washington Naval Treaties and the SAVINGS ACCOUNT famous FourPower and NinePower NOW!

will receive $50.00 or more and you

Fineline Schaeffer your lovely FOR R0U6HJO0CH4 BITING pacts of 1921, providing for collective withFREE

PURPOSES-* action and guarantees in the Pacific. and pencil set. pen

Japan's military leaders misinterpreted Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to these agreements; or, more accurately, $25,000.

used the sphere of naval supremacy 32 years of continuous operation.

of instruments those vouchsafed by

DIVIDEND CURRENT 3% AnnumPer of organizing 1921 as the Asia means

For fas t, steady felling and bucking with on y on her own terms. The Manchurian

timber saw in an y

. FastFile Tooth! ZipsOregonthrough!ChipperStaysChainsharpwith crisis of 1931, the China war after Utah Savings

this road. 1937, Files steps along faster, longer! standSpecify the easier! were Association Loan The and

saw... for chain replacement ard your Oregon Hitler alarmed. and Muswas Center, 172 West PROVO. with FastFile or west Chain dealer Ask Tooth your

solini bringing issues the clouded direct write to factory. by bar make, Give saw MAIL COUPON HANDY

I-1I Address length. Desk into pact the AntiComintern Japan Oregon Chain With Any Goes Sow to order or check your money for friendship the Send American (1936). Saw Any with Oregon Chain GOES

Provo, Center, Savings, and Utah 172 sentistrong. -*- THIS people FOR Chinese That iOOK was SIGN set pen savings your and pass book

ment proved stronger than realistic will be mailed to you immediately.

OREGON recognition of force. The west turned Name

Sew Chain Corp. ittHiHMn, against Japan, whose course, while Address

SPECIALISTS CHAIN limits, SAW within approved had proceeded

E. 1 7th 881 6 S. far for sentiment Ave., Portland 2, Ore. too western and beCity..Zone....State.

846 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. )

sides by 1937 was in bad company.

As late as August 1941, documents of the U.S. State Department indicate

the Japanese foreign office made efforts to bring President Franklin D. WORLD'S FINEST BASKETBALL

Roosevelt into a Pacific conference to regulate the situation. Mr. Roosevelt

and Mr. Hull mistrusted the good faith

of the Japanese invitation, and, with sentiment rolling high under the influence of Mr. Churchill and Soviet

propaganda on the European side and CAN'T COSTS

Chiang from Chungking,Madam rePEEL NO enter into fused to a deal which would set Japan "up"in permanent business OR MORE as the Master of Asia. The "Greater

East Asia CoProsperity Sphere"acGIVE THAN cordingly was crushed, between the AT ORDIdates December 7, 1941, and August 6, 1945. The territorial integrity of THE NARY

China—the Hay policy—was saved; SEAMS BALLS

—onlynot at Russian,to be lostbutas attheJapaneseinert volumeexpenseof

Russia poured into Manchuria and

China and Korea. (Henry Adams, student of force, would not have been

surprised as Japanese power fell away, but he would have been chagrined. SPECIALISTS IN

COMPLETE OUTFITTING OF TEAMS IN ALL SPORTS significance is the What of the JapSpooCUvg.GoocU, Bennett's, Ogden Provo—Bennett's,

treaty ofanese peace? Hardware, Logan Logan

1. We expect to organize Japanese Eastside Paint Co., Idaho Falls

Co., Pocatello Paint Glass Idaho & ultiskill, productivity, ingenuity, and

Falls Paint Glass Twin Co. & \Sammu!&65 W. First South—Salt Lake Citymately as Japanese military an power

instrument harmonious to American interests and world stability (as we view the latter ) 2. We do not want the prize of

Japanese skill, productivity, ingenuity, and potential military power to ever be organized by Russia. If Japanese

"intensity"can be stored up, away from Russia, then, too, German "intensity"on the other side may be attracted away from the enormous magnetic attraction of Russian mass. In

the meantime, we hope that a new

Russia, as Henry Adams and John Hay hoped, can be brought "into the Atlantic combine"as a great historical triumph; and that in such westernization, the ByzantineCzarist-Stalinistmonolithic-solidity of Russian correctness and legality can be replaced by EXTENSION 236

some modicum of British sportsmanHave an eye test today ship and American willingness to comNo appointment necessary promise political differences; to the Use Sears Easy Payment Plan

end that the United Nations—the orMinor repairs while you wait

ultimately function morebine"—mayganized embodiment of Hay's "comPick-up and delivery service

MinguB, Oculists'prescriptions filled Fordperfectly as of the parliament man. Optician

This places the Japanese on a terrific spot in Asia, no less. Having cSa&fedcfapvaMA&ed otyeuz/xoftey &ku"\fAk\ 754 SOUTH STATE

taken this step, we had best be steadfast and patient, consistent to our polMake icy of cooperation with Japan. DRINK Stephen's11955 WilshireMotorBlvd. Hotel

Sentiment is a marvelous and wonWest Los Angeles 25, Cal.

L. in A. Excellent Headquarters while Yourderful principle thing. But must never site. Five location minour near temple new

cool. to smog. ocean. Wonderfully No inbe overcome, foreign policy, by hot beverage A, delightfulfor those utes or For Reservations write wire

sentiment. What principle shall we who don't drink coffee, Nettie Jorgensen Bott, Owner

then maintain in these times? AT YOUR GROCERS Centrally located for vacation enjoyment.

NOVEMBER 1951 847 OM/V

TAHITI CHAMPIONS

Climaxing weeks of practice and playoff games, the Papeete Branch, junior basketball team won the Cup.

These Tahitian boys, all under eighteen years of age, were competing with nine teams, which comprise the "Federation Generate des Societes Sportives."

The night of the finals they were pitted against the three top teams of the league. The three games were

played with but short rest periods between.

The Mormon team not only excelled in points but also in clean playing, as was shown by their being consistently low on fouls. Much favorable comment

was heard as to how this team did not seem to tire, as did the others, one of the rewards of living the Word of

Wisdom.

They were coached by Elder Loren

Jack Robinson, of Salt Lake City.

Names of the players are, left to right, back row, Tahakura a Hutihuti, Temutu a Hutihuti, Haerenoa a Tekurio,

Viriamu a Tahuhuterani, captain; Maehagnui a Mariteragi; LeRoy Bonnet;

front row, Elder Robinson and Hiro a

Mariteragi.

-<8>- LaTuna, Texas Rodeo, California

Dr. Hugh Nibley, Contributing Editor Dear Brother:

Sir:Dear I would of address.... change "I leave of a you notify today, is to you you say, the Era we received now ThisIN magazine. wonderful issue willingof my one your to miss pending attractions hate surely of coming promise with a

I the just take it arrives,ness. good as... Be so to indicate your reactions.... and When

in so much read restmyof lifethe asdayI off,haveandsincereadI never accordingly."it. I have myselfI shall conduct

Since Professor F. is fictitious, and we are not, maybe you joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, all

would like to know that we get intoxicated on your work. Church literature. I read my Era over and over, and each

Last spring I gave a book report for a Special Interest reading finds new treasures.

it in had Desert") the and ("Lehifireside from Nephi your address and best wishes to you for this change of Thank elixir (actualthe of nothing to say intoxicated all summerIme all. you

I series. first I Everybody thely) experienced when Sincerely, people sound, fortyfive alistened, minutes—notread too—about

lots artiof Pierce. President Do knewwho Mexico—even Clark Margaret please.cles

/s/ Emily Black Rodeo Branch

MIA MAIDS OF RICHFIELD FOURTH WARD

Mia Maids of the Richfield Fourth Ward, Sevier (Utah) Mrs. Mary T. Crofts, Ward Mia Maid Leader Mrs. Nellie

Stake at their "Tying of the Rose Bouquet"on a quiet Wright, Kathleen Jensen, Yvonne Anderson, Elaine Peterson,

Sabbath evening. Pictured are, left to right: Jerry Leavitt, Leola Peterson, Ina Dell Dalton, Mary Jane Casey, and

Colleen Casey, Virginia Dixon, Carol Jo Jensen, Lois Jean Joyce Salisbury.

Sandberg, Reta Jean Christensen, Stake Mia Maid Leader ftfltf

o** Yesterday's women had to use washtubs, washboards and Dry Your Clothes clothespins!you, a modernBut woman,why shouldbe

clothespin, living the to pinned the Hamilton Way of a convenience the without.'...; Ready to Iron Hamilton Automatic Clothes Dryer?

or Put Away! Today you can dry clothes

the workless way, ready to iron or put away! With a Hamilton

Automatic Clothes Dryer you avoid the backyard backache of heavy clothesbaskets and the worries of weather and airborne dirt. In minutes... inside... day or night... your

wash is fresh, clean and dry the Hamilton Way! Saves

hours... saves clothes...

saves you!

Gome In Today and See It & THE ORIGINAL founltxrt

CLOTHES DRYER

'v Guaranteed by T with the exclusive

Good Housekeeping; SUN-F-DAV ultraviolet lamp

SEE ONE OF THESE HAMILTON DEALERS FOR A FREE DEMONSTRATION OF THIS AMAZING TIME AND LABOR SAVER.

Provo E. 1st North

Helper UTAH DEALERS HelperUtah ApplianceFurniture Co.,Co 32

City Salt Lake Co.,Brienholt South 1400 Main DEALERS IDAHO City Salt LakeBradleyBadger, South 38 Main

Blackfoot Furniture Co Jones Price SamPrice Trading Company

Pocatello St Center Co., 427 Equipment Laundry City Salt Lake Home 1st South Co., 31Peterson's Appliance West

Yellowstone Co., 1275 No. Furniture Appliance & Brown's Co., Kiesel Ogden Bros. 24thJ. G. and Read

Falls Idaho Hiway 24th St Ogden FurnitureSchoss 355 & Company,

Boise St Inc., Bannock Foster's, 816 Provo Bros.,Taylor 250 Center W.Electric

GORDON E. WILKINS, INC. Intermountain Distributors 142 South Fifth West

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH IAN LIGHT A lighthouse atop a stony headland offers friendly protection to passing ships... guarding them against the hazards of jutting

rocks and pounding surf.

Much like the lighthouse, Beneficial Life Insurance offers protection against another of life's hazards.,. loss of family income.

Consult your friendly Beneficial agent for counsel on an insurance program tailored to your individual needs.

SffilSi

"V -

m> - ft$r*'* ** '$m?.,

"* * - **%. - iv::.=:-.:. --.

%". \ M

S* W

—***tmmv

BENEFICIAL LJJE

Insurance i David O. McKay, Pres. QjM f Salt Lake City, Utah

"*r*2 '. '''"