Vol. V. The Glory of XJod is Intelligence. No. 12.

IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Organ of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

F. Business Smith, Josbph J. Grant, I

j i Managers. j WjU 1Jauors HbbbrThos. Hull, Anderson, Edw. H.

Entered at tbe Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as Second Glass Matter.

OCTOBER, 10O2.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

History of the Prophet Joseph Lucy Smith 913

The Great Conflict henry W. Naisbitt 939

Recollections of the Prophet Joseph L. L. Greene hichards 943

The Castle Builder. Part II, XI NephiAnderson 945

Philosophy of Joseph Smith's Teachings.—

A Suggestive Study Edwin F. Parry 962

Live for Something. A Poem Seh eted 964

Bishop Edward Hunter. V Oscar F. Hunter 965

Jesus Christ: the Revelation of God B."H. Roberts 969

The Play "Corianton"S. A. Kenner 980

Some Leading Events in the Current Story of the World—Aguinaldo's Proposed m

Friars in the PhilVisit to America—The

History by Statutes.. Dr.J.M. Tanner 984 ippines—Adjusting

Tom Tit. A Poem Mathonihah Ihomas 987

Editor's Table—Plural Wives of Joseph

Smith, the Prophet President Joseph F. Smith

Story Wanted.. 988 Close of Volume Five—A

'.Notes 991

In Lighter Mood..... 992

the Associations 993Our Work—Grading

Events of the Month, Thomas Hull 995

SALT LAKE OITY:

214 AND 215 TEMPLETON BLDQ.

Published Monthly. $2. per Annum,

JOHN C HcCLAIN. Preit. THEO 1. BURTON. Jet. N. J. BURTON. Trui

COAli YOU ARE BURTON INVITED LUMBER CO.

To make our office your headquarters during Fair and Conference week. You will not only find

It pleasant but very profitable as ALL KINDS we have some practical proposiOF tus s to offer that will be of lasting benefit to you and your family If you would be successful minGOAL gle with successful people—become a partner In this, the largest, ALL KINDS OF LUMBER

strongest and most successful company of Its kind In the world. Wholesale and Retail.

THE LUMBER IN CAR LOTS A SPECIALTY.

Office, 60 W. Second South Street. JHtiTflAIt lilfE

Yards, Cor. Fifth South and Third West Sts.

WSURBNCE COMPANY Telephone 808.

THE. of flEW YORK,

RICHARD A. McCURDY,

President. STfiTE BflflK>DTflH

RULON S. WELLS, Manager. Accounts Solicited.

Office 5-11 Commercial Blk., CofPespondenee InvitedSalt Lake City, Utah. OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.

Joseph F. Smith, President.

Wm. B. Preston, VicePresident.

Charles S. Burton, Cashier.

Henry T. McEwan, Asst. Cashier.'

Heber J. Grant Phllo T. Farnsworth

A BIG SUIT SPECIAL A. W. Carlson Heber M. Wells

Byron Groo Isaac Barton A GENUINE SNAP A BARGAIN. All of our mall

order prices are bargains, but this is something extra, a little Keep ]Hofiey at Home out of the ordinary, bought in the piece and made up especially for our trade for spring, summer and fall wear. By Insuring

THE CLOTH Is a double and twist, mixed gray and brown, in the woven In halfinch diagonal pattern,forming a slight stripe, very pretty and dressy; will

is all (1(1 not wool and show dust; li.tOHUiui9R*nnfh Wre.uu until to wear warranted you

are more than satisfied. ON LY $9.25. THE STYLE. It comes in round cut sack

style single breasted vest, coat lined with a high grade of Farmer's satin; Inside pockets

silk stitched; buttonholes silk worked, etc.

Everything about the suit stamps It as of high quality and better than can be had elsewhere for much more money.

SEND ONE DOLLAR and your express office address and we will send the suit to you; you have full privilege of examination

before you pay another cent. If you are satisfied and find everything as represented,

pay the express agent $8.25 and express

charges in addition to the $1.00 you sent with

rour order, and keep the bargain.

SIZES. You will sret your size without difficulty. Send breast measure for the coat and vest also size of coat usually worn, and waist andlnseamfor the pants. Remember this UTAH

Suit is only $9.25, worth at least

$15.00. Samples of the cloth may be had HeDer J. Grant & Go., application.on

GENERAL AGENTS.'WESTS MAIL ORDER HOUSE,

Offices 205206 Wittingham Block, 2026 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utmh.

(WHEN WHITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTIOR THE ERA.)

% ANNOUNCEMENT. %

Improvement Era,

Organ of Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Associations.

19021903. VOLUME VI.

HE Improvement Era begins its sixth year with the November number. The

volume just closed had the greatest circulation in the history of the magazine.

Several of the early numbers were reprinted, and the edition is now entirelyT exhausted. Its hosts of friends were delighted with its literature; no efforts

will be spared to please them in the new year. We hope to retain all our old

friends and to add many new subscribers to our lists.

SOME REASONS WHY—OWNERSHIP AND CONTROL.

A few facts on this point should convince every young man in the Church that he should be a patron of the Era. The subscribers own the magazine; the general superintendency, President Joseph F. Smith at the head, and the board of officers of Young

it was started,Men's Mutual Improvement Associations control it; the ERAhasno capital;

and for five years has been loyally supported, by members of the Mutual Improvement

Association; it is no moneymaking scheme; all the profits are devoted to its betterment,

or are spent in the interest of the great and useful organization which it represents; it

contains good, clean, instructive writings—historical, biographical, doctrinal, inspirational, as well as stories of love and adventure—by the ablest home writers. You further the

cause of the Church and of mutual improvement by becoming a subscriber; and, besides,

obtain full value for your money, (only $2.00) in that you enjoy for a year some of the best

literature in the Church.

ANOTHER REASONfREE TO MISSIONARIES.

From the beginning, the Era has accomplished what no other Church publication has ever before undertaken. Copies have been sent free of charge to all the missionaries of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, both in America and all foreign countries where missions have been opened. This feature will be continued <luriug volume six.

In this way we shall send out between fourteen and seventeen hundred copies, which, with postage, amounts to nearly four thousand dollars given free for the cause. Hundreds of

unsolicited testimonials are received bearing witness to the help and pleasure derived from the Era hy the struggling missionary in the field. It has made many friends for

him, and brought him in contact with many strangers to the mighty latterday work which he represents. You can well afford to donate two dollars for such a purpose; but in doing

so you get, besides, full value for your money in the magazine itself. Glance over any of

the past five volumes, as well as the new attractions for volume six, and you will agree to this statement.

AIM OF THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The primary aim of the Eka is to instil into the hearts of the young people a testimony of the truth and magnitude of the Gospel and the work of God; and, like the associations which it represents, "to aid them in developing the gifts within them, and in

cultivating a knowledge and an application of the eternal principles of the great science of life."It aims, besides, to educate and interest its readers in social affairs, in history,

biography, current events, and the building of noble character, and points young men to the way of true success. As the organ of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations it promulgates the official instructions of the leaders of this great organization,

making it indispensable to every officer therein. It is a magazine for the family.

SOME SPECIAL FEATURES OF VOLUME VI.

A REMARKABLE PROPHECY AND ITS HISTORICAL FULFILMENT, BY ELDER JUNIUS F. WELLS.

This is an account of a prediction concerning the desolation of Jackson County, Missouri, made by the Prophet Joseph Smith to General A. W. Doniphan, and of its fulfilment nearly thirty years thereafter. Accompanying the article is a reproduction of Bingham's famous painting illustrating the devastation of Jackson County; also a biographical sketch and portrait of General Doniphan who at one time saved the life of the

Prophet.

PLET: A CHRISTMAS STORY OF THE WASATCH, BY ALFRED LAMBOURNE.

A thrilling story of the Utah mountains, clustered about two characters that exemplify life in the mines. It is a pretty love story; a beautiful description of the Wasatch;

a Christmas idyl to please; a poem throughout.

JOSEPH SMITH AS SCIENTIST, BY DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE.

This very attractive theme will be treated in six papers, a part of a plan projected in connection with the study of the Doctrine and Covenants. Full of rich thought for

serious reflection; just the matter for the founding and promotion of faith. Every lad in

Zion should read this series.

A STORY OF LOVE AND ADVENTURE.

The Era has offered $50 for the best story suitable for its columns, to be in the hands of the editors by January 1st, 1903. This story will be printed in Volume Six.

THE SENIOR EDITOR. PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH,

Will contribute articles monthly touching topics of living interest and counsel to all

Latterday Saints, and especially to the young men of Zion. His contributions alone are

worth the price of subscription.

TWELVE TALKS TO V.HXii MEN. ON AS MANY TOPICS.

These are written by men of experience; are short, crisp, inspiring, especially adapted

to the boys and young men. One topic each month. Notice the subjects: Industry,

Education. Trade, Books, Habits, The Intellectual Life, The Social Life and Amusements',

Manners, Business, Character, Courtship and Marriage, Religion.

DOCTRINAL SUBJECTS; INCLUDING A REPLY TO REV. VAN DER DONCKT.

The Catholic idea of God as presented in volume five by Rev. C. Van der Donckt has

created great interest; several correspondents have requested space to answer, but a reply

thereto has been written by Elder B. H. Roberts, which will appear in volume six. A variety of other doctrinal articles, by leading members of the Church, will be printed from

time to time.

REGULAR DEPARTMENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS

Dr. J. M. Tanner will continue his interesting comments on leading events, in "The

Current Story of the World,"and Dr. John A. Widtsoe, whose valuable science papers

have met with such popular favor in the past, will be a frequent contributor. A host of

essays, on religious, historical, social and literary themes will appear, written by a variety of entertaining authors, old and new. The "Editor's Table"will be maintained and improved; "Questions and Answers"of importance will receive attention by able and

authentic writers; and in "Our Work "officers have an indispensable guide and help.

The following writers and authors, as in the past, will contribute to the pages of the Era, new ones being constantly added:

Dr. J. M. Tanner David H. Elton A. W. Ivins

Hon. B. H. Roberts S. W. Richards George Reynolds

Dr. James E. Talmage Mathonihah Thomas Prof Richard R. Lyman

Orson F. Whitney Major Richard W. Young Attewall Wootton

Prof. John A. Widtsoe Apostle Matthias F. Cowley Henry W. Naisbitt

Prof. N. L. Nelson Prof. Willard Done Nephi Anderson

John Nicholson Nephi L. Morris Prof. Mosiah Hall

Apostle Heber J. Grant John V. Bluth Prof. Levi Edgar Young

Apostle A. O. Woodruff W. W. Cluff J. M. Sjodahl

Dr. Geo. H. Brimhall C. W. Penrose James H. Anderson

Apostle Francis M. Lyman Joseph W. McMurrin Apostle Anthon H. Lund

Thomas Hull Sara Whalen Lydia D. Alder

Prof. Jos. F. Merrill J. H. Ward Christian A. Madsen

Andrew Jenson Dr. Seymour B. Young Prof. Bryant S. Hinckley

Sarah E. Pearson W. H. Chamberlin Dr. M. H. Hardy

Edwin F. Parry Junius F. Wells John Sundwall, Ph. D.

L. L. Greene Richards Ben E. Rich Geo. M. Cannon

Sophy Valentine Joseph E. Taylor Wm. A. Hyde

Prof. Wm. H. Jones Bertha E. Anderson John H. Evans

Geo. W. Crocheron Jame H. Martineau Alma O. Taylor

Rudger Clawson Lewis A. Merrill Col. R. M. Bryce Thomas

Alice Merrill Home William A. Morton J. Lloyd Woodruff

S. A. Kenner Joel Nibley Ezra C. Robinson

Alfred Lambourne

SPECIAL TO OFFICERS OF MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS.

We ask you to continue loyal to our magazine, by subscribing for it and by each of you securing one other subscriber. Every president is an agent. He should appoint one

of his aids to look carefully after the interests of the Era, and see that the ward is thoroughly, early and immediately canvassed. A stake aid to the superintendent should be

appointed to supervise the canvass for the Era, and otherwise look after its welfare in the stake.

THE NEW MANUALS.

Manual No. 6, 1902-3, is Benl free to all subscribers, This is a hook of 131 pages, continuing last year's treatment of the principles of the Gospel under the following attractive

classifications: Universal Application of the Gospel, including Permanent Principles,

l'.>Miitial Ordinances, Bi8tory of the Dispensations, and Work for the Dead; the Church:

Church Organization, Priesthood,.Motive Force, Work: The Resurrection and the Judgment; Ethics of the Gospel; Practical Religion; Duties to God, the Church, Family, Society and the state; Rewards and Punishments.

It contains also preliminary programs, with suggestions on their proper use, review questions and copious references.

The Junior Manual for 1902-3 is an entirely new work designed for junior classes.

written especially for the boys in simple style and outline, and treats on The Acts of the

Apostles.

Price for either manual separate from the Era, '"> cents; with the Eka, free. Subscribers may have their choice of the two manuals.

TERMS AND GUARANTEE.

The Eu.\ has behind it five years of fulfilled promises. It is prompt in publication.

We promise subscribers and advertisers alike that all pledges will be kept as faithfully for Volume VI. The Eka will be issued promptly on the first of each month; it will be

sent only to subscribers paying in advance. We do a cash business. The price of the

magazine is $2.00, including the Manual, strictly in advance; though on application from

subscribers who have been with us from the first, the magazine will be sent to them without interruption upon receipt of such a request from them, with promise to pay within the month.

OFFICERS.

Joseph F. Smith, General Superintendent.

Heber J. Grant, Assistants.

B. H. Roberts,

Thomas Hull. Secretary and Treasurer.

Evan Stephens, Music Director.

Horace S. Ensign, Asst. Music Director.

AIDS.

Francis M. Lyman lie... H. Brimhall Rudger CTawson

John Henry Smith Edw. H. Anderson Rulon S. Wells

Matthias F. Cowley Douglas M. Todd Jos. W. McMurrin

Abraham O. Woodruff Thomas Hull Reed Smoot

J. Golden Kimball Nephi L. Morris Briant S. Hinckley

Junius F. Wells Willard Done Moses W. Taylor

Milton H. Hardy Lie Roi C. Snow Brigham F. Grant

Rodnev C. Badger Frank Y. Taylor Henrv S. Tanner

Hvruni M. Smith William B. Dougall

Edited by Joseph F. Smith and Edward H. Anderson.

Business Management by Heber J. Gkant and Thomas Hull, Salt Lake City, Utah.

THE flIO GRAflDE WESTERN

... AfiD...

THE DEflVER A|Wl|IOGOTDE

Best Itoeal Train Service in Utah.

From ten to forty minutes the fastest line between Ogden, Salt Lake City, Lehi, American Fork, Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with through sleeping and dining cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St. Louis and Chicago.

MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE. & & J*

For Rates, etc., enquire of Local Agent or

write——GEO. W. HEINTZ,

Assistant General Passenger Agent, Salt Lake City.

The Chicago & NorthWestern Double

Track to Omaha One of the most striking pieces of railroad advertising seen recently is an interesting eightpage article in the Review of Reviews entitled "From

Prairie Schooner to Overland Limited."

It is profusely illustrated and refers entirely to the history and development of the Chicago & NorthWestern

Railway System The recent completion of the NorthWestern's double track line from Chicago to the MissBICYCLES.

ouri River makes the publication of the article especially timely. Everything in Sporting Goods. A special edition of the article has

been bound in regular Review of ReBASE BALLS, CAMERAS, views covers. Copies can be secured PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES, Etc

from representative of the Northwestern Line,

WESTERN ARMS & SP0RTIN6 GOODS CO., MR. C A. WALKER,

SALT LAKE CITY. 115 South Main Street

(when writing to advertisers please mention the era.)

CHANGED HANDS.

SfliiT GOItltEGE THE MKE BUSINESS

Is now controlled by the following board of directors

ANTHON H. LUND, President ANGUS M. CANNON, VicePresident

JOHN NICHOLSON, JOHN C. CUTLER, Directors.

GEORGE H. TAYLOR,

Taltion has bsen Greatly Pedaeed. Send fo* Catalogue:

JOSEPH HEUSOfl, President,

Templeton Building, - - Salt Lake Gity.

SAVE YODR MOHEY, AND WHEN YOD GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH ziorsrs savings bank & trust coriPANY.

4 Per Cent Interest Paid on $i. to $5,000.

officers.

Joseph F. Smith,

President Anthon H. Lund

VicePresident.

George M. Cannon,

Cashier.

Lewis M. Cannon,

Asst. Cashier.

DIRECTORS.

Joseph F. Smith

Anthon H. Lund

George M. Cannon

T. G. Webber

James Jack John T. Caine

Angus M. Cannon

Francis M. Lyman

George Reynolds L. John Nuttall

Angus J. Cannon

A. O. Woodruff

Hyruno M. Smith

(WHEN WK.TTINO TO A.DVERTTSEH8 PLEASE MENTION THE ERA.)

Vol. V. OCTOBER, 1902. No. 12.

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH.

BY HIS MOTHER, LUCY SMITH.

CHAPTER L.

REMOVAL OP THE SMITH FAMILY TO ILLINOIS.

At the time when Joseph went into the enemy's camp, Mr.

Smith and myself stood in the door of the house in which we were then living, and could distinctly hear their horrid yellings. Not

knowing the cause, we supposed they were murdering him. Soon

after the screaming commenced, five or six guns were discharged.

At this, Mr. Smith, folding his arms tight across his heart, cried

son! they have out, "Oh, my God! my God! they have killed my

murdered him! and I must die, for I cannot live without him!"

I had no word of consolation to give him, for my heart was unutterable. I assisted him to broken within me—my agony was

the bed and he fell back upon it helpless as a child, for he had not strength to stand upon his feet. The shrieking continued; no

tongue can describe the sound which was conveyed to our ears; no

heart can imagine the sensations of our breasts, as we listened to those awful screams. Had the army been composed of so many

914 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

bloodhounds, wolves, and panthers, they could not have made a sound more terrible.

My husband was immediately taken sick, and never afterwards entirely recovered, yet he lived about two years, and was occasionally quite comfortable, and able to attend meetings.

When they were about starting from Far West, a messenger came and told us that if we ever saw oir sons alive we must go immediately to them, for they were in a wagon that would start in a few minutes for Independence, and in all probability they would never return alive. Receiving this intimation, Lucy and myself set out directly for the place. On coming within about a

hundred yards of the wagon, we were compelled to stop, for we could press no further through the crowd. I thetefore appealed

to those around me, exclaiming, "I am the mother of the Prophet there not a gentleman here, who will assist me to that wagon,—is

that I may take a last look at my children, and speak to them onca more before I die?"Upon this, one individual volunteered to make

a pathway through the army, and we passed on, threatened with death at every step, till at length we arrived at the wagon. The

man who led us through the crowd spoke to Hyrum, who was sitting in front, and, telling him that his mother 1 ad come to see him, requested that he should reach his hand to me. He did so, but I

was not allowed to see him; the cover was of strong cloth, and

nailed down so close, that he could barely get his hand through.

We had merely shaken hands with him, when we were ordered away by the mob, who forbade any conversation between us, and, threa'ening to shoot us, they ordered the teamster to drive over us. Our friend then conducted us to th i back part of the wagon,

where Joseph sat, and said, "Mr. Smith, your mother and sister

are here, and wish to shake hands with you."Joseph crowded his

hand through between the cover and wagon, and we caught hold of it; but he spoke not to either of us, until I said, "Joseph, do

speak to your poor mother once more—I cannot bear to go till I

hear your voice.""God bless you, mother!"he sobbed out. Then

a cry was raised, and the wagon dashed off, tearing him from us just as Lucy was pressing his hand to her lips, to bestow upon it a sister's last kiss—for he wt-s then sentenced to be shot.

For some time our house was filled with mourning, lamentaHISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 915

tion, and woe; but, in the midst of my grief, I found consolation

that surpassed all earthly comfort. I was filled with the Spirit of

God, anl received the following by the gift of prophesy: "Let

your heart be comforted concerning your children, they shall not be harmed by their enemies; and, in less than four years, Joseph

shall t peak before the judges and great men of the land, for bis voice shall be heard in their councils. And in five years from this

time he will have power over all his enemies."This relieved my

mind, and I was prepared to comfort my children. I told them

what had been revealed to me, which greatly consoled them.

As soon as William was able to stir about a li: tie he besought

his father to move to Illinois, but Mr. Smith would not consent to

this, for he was in hopes that our sons would be liberated, and peace again be restored, but finally said that the family might get ready to move, and then, if we were obliged to go, there would be nothing to hinder us.

Our business in Far West had been trading in corn and wheat, as well as keeping a boarding house. When the mob came in, we

had considerable grain on hand, but very little flour or meal, therefore we sent a man who was living with us to mill with fourteen sacks of grain; but the miller considered it unsafe to allow the

brethren to remain about his premises, as the mob were near at hand, and he was afraid they wou d burn his buildings. Consequently, the young man returned without his grain, and, for breadstuff, we were for a long time obliged to pound corn in a sampmortar. Many subsisted altogether upon parched corn for some

length of time.

The brethren were all driven in from the country. There was

an acre of ground in front of our house, completely covered with beds, lying in the open sun, where families were compelled to sleep, exposed to all kinds of weather; these were the last who came into

the city, and, as the houses were all full, they could not find a shelter. It was enough to make the heart ache to see the children,

sick with colds, and crying around their mothers for food, whilst their parents were destitute of the means of making them comfortable.

It may be said that, if Joseph Smith had been a Prophet, he would have foreseen the evil, and provided against it. To this I

916 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

reply, he did all that was in his power t:> prevail upon his brethren

to move into Far West, before the difficulty commenced, and at a meeting, three weeks previous, he urged the brethren to make all possible haste in moving both their houses and their provisions into the city. But this counsel appeared to them unreasonable and inconsistent, therefore they did not heed it. If the brethren at

Haun's Mill had hearkened to counsel, it would, without doubt, have saved their lives; but, as the consequences of their negligence

are already published, and as my mind is loth to dwell upon these days of sorrow, I shall only give those facts which have not been published.

While the mob was in the city, William went out one day to feed his horse, but the horse was gone. It was not long, however,

before a soldier, who had been abs:nt on a dispatch, rode him into

the yard. William took the horse by the bridle, and ordered the

soldier to dismount, which he did, and left the horse in William's hands again.

The brethren were compelled to lay down their arms, ard sign away their property. This was done quite near our house. I distinctly heard General Clark's notable speech; and, without any

gre it degree of alarm, I heard him declare, concerning Joseph and

Hyrum, that "their die was cast, their doom was fixed, and their fate was sealed."

Not long after Hyrum was taken, Joseph Fielding, his youngest son, was born. This was Mary's first child. She never saw her

husband but once after she became a mother before leaving the state. She suffered beyond description in her sickness, but, in all

her afflictions, her sister, Mrs. Thompson, stood by her to nurse and

comfort her, and, by the best of attention, she gained sufficient strength to accompany Emma to the prison once before she left the state.

At this time, my husband sent to Joseph to know if it was the will of the Lord that we should leave the state. Whereupon

Joseph sent him a revelation which he had received while in prison, which satisfied my husband's mind, and he was willing to remove to Illinois as soon as possible.

After this, William took his own family, without further deHISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 917

lay, to Quincy, thence to Plymouth, where he settled himself, and afterward 3 sent back the team for his fathar's family.

Just as we got our goods into the wagon, a man came to us and said, that Sidney Rigdon's family were ready to start, and must have the wagon immediately. Accordingly, our goods were taken

out, and we were compelled to wait until the team could come after us again. We put our goods into the wagon a second time, but

the wagon was wanted for Emma and her family, so our goods were again taken out. However, we succeeded, after a long time,

in getting one single wagon to convey beds, clothing, and provisions for our family, Salisbury's family, and Mr. McLeries'family,

besides considerable luggage for Don Carlos, who, with his family and ihi remainder of his baggage, was crowded into a buggy, and went in the same company with us.

The first day we arrived at a place called Tinney's Grove, where we lodged, over night, in an old log house, which was very uncomfortable. Half of the succeeding day I traveled on foot.

That night we stayed at the house of one Mr. Thomas, who was

then a member of the Church. On the third day, in the afternoon,

it began to rain. At night we stopped at a house, and asked permission to stay till morning. The man to whom we applied showed

us a miserable outhouse, which was filthy enough to sicken the stomach, and told us, if we would clean this place, and haul our own wood and water, we might Ldge there. To this we agreed,

and, with much trouble, we succeeded in making a place for our beds. For the use of this loathsome hovel, he charged us seventyfive cents. We traveled all the next day in a pouring rain. We

asked for shelter at many places, but were refused. At last we

came to a place, quite like the one where we spent the previous night. Here we spent the night without fire. On the fifth day,

just before arriving at Palmyra, in Missouri, Don Carlos called to

Mr. Smith, and said, "Father, this exposure is too bad, and I will

not bear it any longer; the first place that I come to that looks

comfortable, I shall drive up and go into the house, and do you folio v me."

We soon came to a farm house, surrounded with every appearance of plenty. The house was but a short distance from the road,

having in front of it a large gate. Through this Don Carlos drove,

S

91 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

without hesitating to ask the privilege, and, after assisting us through, he started to the house, and, meeting the landlord, he said, "I do not know but that I am trespassing, but I have with me an aged father, who is sick, besides my mother, and a number of women, with small children. We have traveled two days and a

half in this rain, and if we are compelled to go much further, we shall all of us die. If you will allow us to stay with you over

night, we will pay you almost any price for our accommodation."

"Why, what do you mean, sir!"said the gentleman, "Do you

not consider us human beings? Do you think that we would turn

anything that is flesh and blood from our door, in such a time as this! Drive up to the house and help your wife and children out;

I'll attend to your father and mother and the rest of them."The

landlord then assisted Mr. Smith and myself into the room in which

his lady was sitting, but as she was rather ill, and he feared that the dampness of our clothing would cause her to take cold, he ordered a black servant to make a fire for her in another room.

He then assisted each of our family into the house, and hung up our cloaks and shawls to dry.

At this house we had everything which could conduce to comfort. The gentleman, who was Esquire Mann, brought us milk for

our children, hauled us watar to wash with, and furnished us good beds to sleep in.

In the evening, he remarked that he was sent by his county, the year before, to the House of Representatives, where he met one Mr. Carroll, who was sent from the county in which the "Mormons"resided; "and if ever,"said Esquire Mann, "I felt like

fighting any man, it was him. He never once raised his voice, nor

even his hand, in behalf of that abused people, once while the

House was in session. I was never a member of the House before,

and had not sufficient confidence to take a stand upon the floor in their behalf, as I should have done, had I been a man of a little more experience."

After spending the night with this good man, we proceeded on our journey, although it continued raining, for we were obliged to travel through mud and rain to avoid being detained by high water.

When we came within six miles of the Mississippi river, the weather grew colder, and, in the place of rain, we had snow and hail;

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 919

and the ground between us and the river was so low and swampy, that a person on foot would sink in over his ankles at every step, yet we were all of us forced to walk, or rather wade, the whole six miles.

On reaching the Mississippi, we found that we could not cross that night, nor yet find a shelter, for many Saints were there before us, waiting to go over into Quincy. The snow was now six

inches deep, and still falling. We made our beds upon it, and

went to rest with what comfort we might under such circumstances. The next morning our beds were covered with snow, and

much of the bedding under which we lay was frozen. We rose and

tried to light a fire, but, finding it impossible, we resigned ourselves to our comfortless situation.

Soon after this, Samuel came over from Quincy, and he with the assistance of Seymour Brunson, obtained permission of the ferryman for us to cross that day. About sunset, we landed

in Quincy. Here Samuel had hired a house, and we moved into it,

with four other families.

CHAPTER LI.

JOSEPH AND HYRUM ESCAPE FROM THEIR PERSECUTORS, AND RETURN TO THEIR FAMILIES.

We spent the evening after we arrived in Quincy in relating our adventures and escapes, while making our exit from the land of Missouri, and the following circumstance, during our evening's conversation, was related by Samuel, who, in company with a number of others, fled for his life before the enemy:

He said that they traveled the most secluded route that they could find, as they considered it unsafe to be seen by the inhabitants of the country. Game being very scarce, they soon lacked for

provisions, and finally ran out altogether: yet they pursued their

journey, until they became so weak that they could proceed no further. They then held a council, in which Samuel was appointed

to receive the word of the Lord, and they united in prayer to God, that he would make known to them the means and time of their deliverance.

920 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

After a short supplication, it was manifested to Samuel that they might obtain sustenance by traveling a short distance in a certain direction. This he made known to the company, and

immediately set out with two others in quest of the promised food.

After traveling a short time, they came to an Indian wigwam, and made known to the Indians by signs that they were hungry. Upon

this the squaw, with all possible speed, baked them some cakes, and gave each of them two; after which she sent the same number to those who remained in the woods, giving them to understand that she would send more, but she had very little flour, and

her papooses would be hungry.

From this time onward, the brethren succeeded in getting food sufficient to sustain them, so that none of them perished.

In a few days, Samuel moved his family into another house, and we were then less crowded. Soon after he left, Lucy was

taken violently ill, and for several days she refused to take any kind of nourishment whatever. I had not long the privilege of

taking care of her, as I was shortly seized with the cholera myself, and, although I suffered dreadfully with the cramp, which usually attends this disease, it was nothing in comparison to another pain, which operated upon the marrow of my bones. It seemed sometimes as though it would almost burst the bones themselves

asunder.

Everything that could be obtained which was considered good for such diseases was administered in my case, but without effect

At length we applied to a young botanic physician, who gave me some herb tea that relieved me immediately.

During my sickness, Samuel brought Lucy down stairs several times in his arms to see me, as they did not expect me to live any length of time, and they were willing that she should be gratified.

When I recovered, I found that she had taken nothing but ice water while I was sick, but her fever was broken, and, by careful nursing, she was soon able to walk about.

Whilst we were sick, the ladies of Quincy sent us every delicacy which the city afforded; in fact, we were surrounded with

the kindest of neighbors. One Mr. Messer and family, in particular

sought every opportuuity to oblige us while we remained in the place.

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 921

Previous to our sickness in Quincy, my husband sent Brother

Lamoreaux to Missouri, under strict injunctions to see Joseph and

Hyrum, or find out where they were before he should return.

About the time that Lucy began to walk about a little, Brother

Partridge and Brother Morley came to our house from Lima, to see if Brother Lamoreaux had either written or returned. When

they came we had heard nothing of him, but while they were with us he arrived in Quincy, and sent us word that he had seen neither

Joseph nor Hyrum. At this information Brother Partridge was h

despair, and said that, when another messenger was to be sent, hb would go himself, as he was instructed. I listened to him some

time in silence; at last the Spirit, which had so often comforted

my heart, again spoke peace to my soul, and gave me an assurance that I should see my sons before the night should again close over my head. ''Brother Partridge,"I exclaimed, in tears of

joy, "I shall see Joseph and Hyrum before tomorrow night."

"No, mother Smith,"said he, "I am perfectly discouraged; I don't

believe we shall ever see them again in the world. At any rate,

do not flatter yourself that they will be here as soon as that, for I tell you that you will be disappointed. I have always believed you

before, but I cannot see any prospect of this prophecy being fulfilled, but, if it is so, I will never dispute your word again."I

asked him if he would stay in town long enough to prove my sayings whether they were true or false. He promised to do so.

Brothers Partridge and Morley soon afterwards left the house, in order to get further information upon the subject.

After falling asleep that night, I saw my sons in vision.

They were upon the prairie traveling, and seemed very tired and hungry. They had but one horse. I saw them stop and tie him

to the stump of a burnt sapling, then lie down upon the ground to rest themselves; and they looked so pale and faint that it distressed me. I sprang up, and said to my husband, "Oh, Mr. Smith,

I can see Joseph and Hyrum, and they are so weak they can hardly stand. Now they are lying asleep on the cold ground! Oh, how I

wish that I could give them something to eat!"

Mr. Smith begged me to be quiet, saying that I was nervous;

still before mybut it was impossible for me to rest—they were

lie there full two hours; then one of them wenteyes—I saw them

922 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

away to get something to eat, but not succeeding, they traveled on. This time, Hyrum rode and Joseph walked by his side, holding

himself up by the stirrup leather. I saw him reel with weakness,

but could render him no assistance. My soul was grieved, I rose

from my bed, and spent the remainder of the nig it in walking the floor.

The next day I made preparations to receive my sons, confident that the poor, afflicted wanderers would arrive at home before sunset. Sometime in the afternoon, Lucy and I were coming

down stairs—she was before me. When she came to the bottom

of the steps she sprang forward, and exclaimed, "There is Brother are they?"This was Caleb BaldBaldwin. My brothers—where

win, who was imprisoned with them. He told us that Joseph and

Hyrum were then crossing the river and would soon be in Quincy.

Lucy, hearing this, ran to carry the tidings to Hyrum's family, but the excitement was not sufficient to keep up her strength. When

she came to the door she fell prostrate. After recovering a little,

she communicated the welcome news.

When Hyrum and Joseph landed, they went immediately to see their families, and the next day, they, together with their wives and the rest of our connections, visited us. The Quincy

Grays also came to our house, and saluted my sons in the most polite manner. During the afternoon, I asked Joseph and Hyrum,

in the presence of the company, if they were not on the prairie the night previous in the situation which I have already related.

They replied in the affirmative. I then asked Brother Partridge if

he believed what I told him two days before. He answered that

he would for ever after that time acknowledge me to be a true prophetess. The day passed pleasantly, and my sons returned to

their homes, happy in their freedom and the society of their friends.

In a short time after Joseph and Hyrum landed in Illinois,

George Miller, who is now the second Bishop of the Church, came and informed us that he had a quantity of land in his possession:

also, that upon this land were a number of log houses, which the brethren might occupy if they chose, and that he would charge them nothing for the use of them, unless it would be to repair them a little, as they needed something of this kind.

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH, 923

My sons were pleased with his offer, and Samuel, Don Carlos, and W. J. Salisbury, renting some land of him, moved upon his

premises as soon as preparations could be made for their fanilies.

CHAPTER LII.

A PURCHASE MADE IN THE TOWN OF COMMERCE—JOSEPH THE

PROPHET GOES TO WASHINGTON—THE DEATH OF JOSEPH

SMITH, SENIOR.

In the spring of 1839, Joseph and Hyrum made a purchase of a tract of land in Commerce, of one Mr. White, and after moving

their families thither, sent Brother Jacob G. Bigler back for Mr.

Smith and myself.

When our good friend, Mr. Messer, learned that we were

about leaving Quincy, he came and spent a whole day with us.

The next day we set out for Commerce. After proceeding about

ten miles, our carriage broke down, and, although my husband was quite sick, we were compelled to remain in the sun at least three hours before another vehicle could be procured. After this

we started on, and soon arrived at Bear Creek, below Lima. We

found this stream so high that it was dangerous to ford, especially for those who were unacquainted with the crossing place, but, fortunately, we took the right direction, and, with much difficulty, succeeded in getting across. That night we stayed with Sister

Lawrence, and the next day arrived in Commerce, where we found our children in good health.

We moved into a small room attached to the house in which

Joseph was living. Here we might have enjoyed ourselves, but

Mr. Smith continued to sink, his health constantly failing, until we

found that medicine was of no benefit to him.

As the season advanced,the brethren began to feel the effect's of the hardships which they had endured, and also the unhealthiness of the climate in which we were then situated. They came

down with the agues and bilious fevers to such an extent that there were whole families in which not one was able to help himself to a drink of cold water. Among the sick were Hyrum and

his family, also my daughter Lucy. Joseph and Emma, seeing the

924 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

distress, commenced taking the sick into their own house, with the view of taking care of them, and making them more comfortable.

This they continued to do, until their house became so crowded that they were compelled to spread a tent for that part of the family who were still on their feet, in order to make room in the house for the sick. During this time of distress, Silas Smith, my

husband's brother, came up from Pike county, Illinois, to consult with Mr. Smith in relation to some Church business, and returned

with the intention of bringing his family hither, but was taken sick and died before he could accomplish it, and we never saw him again. My son William also came from Plymouth about this time,

and informed us that our provisions and furniture, all had been destroyed in Missouri by the mob. When he returned home he took

Lovina, Hyrum's eldest daughter, with him, hoping, as she was sick, that the ride would be a benefit to her In this he was disappointed, for she grew worse instead of better, so that in a short time he considered it necessary to send for her father, as she was not expected to live. As her father was not able to sit up when

the messenger arrived, myself and Lucy went in his stead. On our

arrival at Plymouth, we found Lovina better, and she continued to mend until she regained her health. But the ague took a

fresh hold on Lucy, and she remained completely under the power of the desease until the sickness in Commerce had so abated that

Joseph was able to make us a visit.

When he arrived, Lucy was lying up stairs in a high fever.

Upon hearing his voice below, she sprang from her bed and flew down stairs, as though she was altogether well, and was so rejoiced to hear that her relatives were all still living, and in better health than when she left them, that the excitement performed an entire cure. She soon regained her strength and we returned

home.

It now became necessary for Joseph to take a journey to the city of Washington, for he had been commanded of the Lord, while in prison, to pray for redress at the feet of the President, as well as Congress, when his family should be so situated that he could leave home.

Accordingly, Joseph started, in company with Sidney Rigdon,

Elias Higbee, Dr. Foster and Porter Rockwell,to fulfill this injuncHISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 925

tion. After arriving in Washington, Joseph and Sidney waited

upon his Excellency Martin Van Buren, but it was some time before they had an opportunity of laying their grievances before him; however, they at length succeeded in getting his attention.

After listening to the entire history of the oppression and abuse, which we had received at the hands of our enemies, he replied, "Gentlemen, your cause is just; but i can do nothing for

you!"The matter was, however, laid before Congress. They, too,

concluded that our cause was just, but that they could do nothing for us, as Missouri was a sovereign, independent state; and that

the "Mormons"might appeal to her for redress, for, in their opinion, she neither wanted the power nor lacked the disposition to redress the wrongs of her own citizens. During Joseph's absence,

Mr. Smith was at times very weak, and coughed dreadfully, so

that some nights we had to lift him out of bed. On one occasion

of this kind he expressed a fear that he should die with me alone.

I told him that this would not be the case, for it was impressed upon my mind that, when he died, he would have his children around him. This comforted him much, for he was very anxious to live

until Joseph should return, that he might bless him again before he should die.

This was in the winter of 1840. Before spring he got some

better, so that he was able to walk about a little, and attend a few blessing meetings, in one of which he blessed Mrs. Page, the

wife of one of the Twelve, and a young woman whom Brother

Page had baptized and confirmed on Bear Creek but a few days previous. In blessing the latter, Mr. Smith repeated a prophecy

which had been pronounced upon her head in her confirmation, as precisely as though he had been present when it was uttered, stating that the Spirit testified that these things had been predicted upon her head in her confirmation, which very much surprised her, as she knew that he had not received any intimation of the same, except by the Spirit of God.

In March, 1840, Joseph returned from the city of Washington.

At this time Mr. Smith had suffered a relapse, and was confined to

his bed. On Joseph's arrival, he administered to him, and, for a

3hort time, my husband was better. In the ensuing April a Con926 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ference was held in Nauvoo (formerly Commerce) during which the result of Joseph's mission to Washington was made known to the brethren; who, after hearing that their petition was rejected,

concluded, as they had now tried every court which was accessible to them on earth, to lay their case before the Court of Heaven, and leave it in the hands of the great God.

Joseph, soon after his arrival, had a house built for us near his own, and one that was more commodious than that which we previously occupied.

When the heat of the ensuing summer came on, my husband's health began to decline more rap; dly than before. This was perhaps caused, in part, by the renewal of the Missouri persecutions,

for our sons were now demanded of the authorities of Illinois, as fugitives from justice. In consequence of which, they were compelled to absent themselves from the city, until the writs which

were issued for their arrest, were returned.

About this time John C. Bennett came into the city, and

undertook to devise a scheme whereby Joseph and Hyrum, besides other brethren who were perse3uted in like manner, might remain at home in peace. I do not know what he did, I only know that

he seemed to be engaged in the law, as well as the gospel. My

heart was then too full of anxiety about my husband, for me to enquire much into matters which I did not understand; however,

the result was, Joseph returned from Iowa.

On the evening of his return, my husband commenced vomiting blood. I sent immediately for Joseph and Hyrum, who, as

soon as they came, gave him something that alle TTiated his distress. This was on Saturday night. The next morning Joseph

came in and told his father, that he should not be troubled any more for the present with the Missourians; "and,"said he, "I can

now stay with you as much as you wish."After which, he informed his father that it was then the privilege of the Saints to

be baptized for the dead. These two facts Mr. Smith was delighted to hear, and requested that Joseph should be baptized for

Alvin immediately; and, as he expected to live but a short time,

desired that his children would stay with him, as much as they could consistently.

They were all with him, except Catharine, who was detained

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 927

from coming by a sick husband. Mr. Smith being apprised of this,

sent Arthur Miliken, who, but a short time previous, was married to our youngest daughter, after Catharine and her children; but,

before he went, my husband blessed him, fearing that it would be too late when he returned. He took Arthur by the hand, and

said: My son, I have given you my youngest, darling child, and will you be kind to her? "Yes, father,"he replied, "I will."Arthur, he continued, you shall be blessed, and you shall be great in the eyes of the

Lord; and if you will be faithful, you shall have all the desires of your

heart in righteousness. Now, I want you to go after my daughter

Catharine, for I know, that because of the faithfulness of your heart, you will not come back without her.

Arthur then left, and my husband next addressed himself to me: Mother, do you not know, that you are the mother of as great a family as ever lived upon the earth? The world loves its own, but it

does not love us. It hates us because we are not of the world; therefore, all its malice is poured out upon us, and they seek to take away our

lives. When I look upon my children, and realize, that although they

were raised up to do the Lord's work, yet they must pass through scenes of trouble and affliction as long as they live upon the earth; and I dread

to leave them surrounded by enemies.

At this Hyrum bent over his father and said:—"Father, if

you are taken away, will you not intercede for us at the throne of grace, that our enemies may not have so much power over us?"

He then laid his hands upon Hyrum's head and said:

My son, Hyrum, I seal upon your head your patriarchal blessing, which I placed upon your head before, for that shall be verified. In addition to this, I now give you my dying blessing. You shall have a

season of peace, so that you shall have sufficient rest to accomplish the work which God has given you to do. You shall be as firm as the pillars

of heaven unto the end of your days. I now seal upon your head the

patriarchal power, and you shall bless the people. This is my dying

blessing upon your head in the name of Jesus. Amen.

To Joseph he said:

Joseph, my son, you are called to a high and holy calling. You are

even called to do the work of the Lord. Hold out faithful and you

928 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

shall be blest and your children after you. You shall even live to finish

your work. At this Joseph cried out, weeping, "Oh! my father, shall

I?"Yes, said his father, you shall live to lay out the plan of all the

work which God has given you to do. This is my dying blessing on your

head in the name of Jesus. I also confirm your former blessing upon

your head; for it shall be fulfilled. Even so. Amen.

He then in turn pronounced blessings upon San uel, William,

Don Carlos, Sophronia, Catharine and Lucy. After this he spoke

to me again, and said:

Mother, do you not know, that you are one of the most singular women in the world? "No,"I replied, "I do not."Well I do, he continued, you have brought up my children for me by the fireside, and

when I was gone from home, you comforted them. You have brought

up all my children, and could always comfort them when I could not.

We have often wished that we might both die at the same time, but you must not desire to die when I do, for you must stay to comfort the children when I am gone. So do not mourn, but try to be comforted. Your

last days shall be your best days, as to being driven, for you shall have more power over your enemies than you have had. Again I say, be comforted.

He then paused for some time, being exhausted. After which

he said, in a tone of surprise, "I can see and hear, as well as ever [ could."[A second pause oj considerable length] "I see Alvin."

[Third pause.] "I shall live seven or eight minutes."Then

straightening himself, he laid his hands 1 ogether; after which he

began to breathe shorter, and in ab >ut eight minutes, his breath stopped, without even a struggle or a sigh, and his spirit took its flight for the regions where the justified ones rest from their labors. He departed so calmly, that, for some time, we could not

believe but that he would breathe again.

Catharine did not arrive until the evening of the second day;

still we were compelled to attend to his obsequeis the day after his decease, or run the risk of seeing Joseph and Hyrum torn from their father's corpse before it was interred, and carried away by their enemies to prison. After we had deposited his last remains in their narrow house, my sons fled from the city, and I returned to my desolate home; and I then thought that the greatest

grief which it was possible for me to feel, had fallen upon me in

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 929

the death of my beloved husband. Although that portion of my

life which lay before me, seemed to be a lonesome, trackless waste, yet I did not think that I could possibly find, in traveling over it, a sorrow more searching, or a calamity more dreadful, than the present. But, as I hasten to the end of my story, the

reader will be able to form an opinion with regard to the correctness of my conclusion.

CHAPTER LIII.

JOSEPH ARRESTED AT QUINCY—DISCHARGED AT MONMOUTH

JOSEPH CHARGED WITH AN ATTEMPT TO ASSASSINATE EXGOVERNOR BOGGS.

In the month of December, 1840, we received for Nauvoo, a city charter with extensive privileges; and in February of the

same winter, charters were also received for the Nauvoo Legion, and for the University of the city of Nauvoo.

Not long after this the office of LieutenantGeneral was conferred upon Joseph, by the vote of the people and a commission from the Governor of the state. In the early part of the same

winter, I made Brother Knowlton a visit on BearCreek. While

there I had the misfortune to sprain one of my knees, in getting out of a wagon, and, a cold settling in the injured part, rheumatism succeeded. Soon after I returned home, I was confined to

my bed, and for six weeks I had watchers every night. Sophronia

was then with me, her husband being absent on a mission, and she assisted Lucy and Arthur in taking care of me. They were indefatigable in their attentions, and by their faithful care I was

enabled, after a long season of helplessness, to stand upon my feet again.

On the twentyfifth of January, 1841, Mary Smith, Samuel's wife, died, in consequence of her exposures in Missouri.

On the fifth of June the same year, Joseph went, in company with several others, on a visit to Quincy. As he was returning,

Governor Carlin sent one of the Missouri writs after him, and had him arrested for murder, treason, etc., etc. Joseph choosing to

be tried at Monmouth, Warren county, the officers brought him to

Nauvoo. and, after procuring witnesses, they proceeded to Mon930 IMPROVEMEN1 ERA.

mouth. Esquire Browning spoke in Joseph's defense, and was

moved upon by the spirit that was given him, in answer to the prayers of the Saints; and, suffice it to say, he gained the case.

The opposing attorney tried his utmost to convict Joseph of the crimes mentioned in the writ, but before he had spoken many minutes, he turned sick, and vomited at the feet of the judge;

which, joined to the circumstance of his advocating the case of the Missourians, who are called pukes by their countrymen, obtained for him the same appellation, and was a source of much amusement to the court.

When Joseph returned, the Church was greatly rejoiced, and besought him never again to leave the city.

About the first of August, Don Carlos was taken sick, and on the seventh he died. The particulars of his death will be given

hereafter.

On the first day of September, Robert B. Thompson, who was

Hyrum's brotherin-law, and associate editor with Don Carlos of the Times and Seasons, died of the same disease which carried to be quick consumption.Carlos out of the world—supposed

On the fifteenth of September Joseph's youngest child died:

he was named Don Carlos, after his uncle.

On the twentyeighth of September, Hyrum's second son, named Hyrum, died of a fever.

The succeeding winter we were left to mourn over the ravages which death had made in our family, without interruption;

but sickness ceased from among us, and the mob retired to their homes.

On the sixth of May, 1842, Lilburn W. Boggs, exgovernor of

Missouri, was said to have been shot by an assassin. And, in consequence of the injuries which we had received, suspicion immediately fastened itself upon Joseph, who was accused of having

committed the crime. But, as he was on that day at an officers'

drill in Nauvoo, several hundred miles from where Boggs resided, and was seen by hundreds, and, on the day following, at a public training, where thousands of witnesses beheld him, we supposed that the crime, being charged upon him, was such an outrage upon common sense, that, when his persecutors became apprised of these facts, they would cease to accuse him. But in this we were

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 931

disappointed, for when they found it impossible to sustain the charge in this shape, they preferred it in another, in order to make it more probable. They now accused my son of sending 0.

P. Rockwell into Missouri, with orders to shoot the exgovernor;

and, from this time, they pursued both Joseph and Porter, with all diligence, till they succeeded in getting the latter into jail in Missouri.

Joseph, not choosing to fall into their hands, fled from the city, and secreted himself, sometimes in one place, sometimes in another. He generally kept some friend with him, in whom he

had confidence, who came frequently to the city. Thus communication was kept up between Joseph, his family, and the Church.

At this time, Brother John Taylor lay very sick of the fever, and was so reduced that he was not able to stand upon his feet. Joseph

visited him, and, after telling him that he wished to start that night on a journey of fifty miles, requested Brother Taylor to accompany him, saying, if he would do so, he would be able to ride the whole way. Brother Taylor believing this, they set out

together, and p:rformed the journey with ease. This time Joseph

remained away two weeks; then made his family and myself a

short visit, after which he again left us. In this way he lived,

hiding first in one place, and then in another, until the sitting of the Legislature, when, by the advice of Governor Ford, he went to

Springfield, and was tried before Judge Pope for the crime alleged against him; namely, that of being accessory to the attempted

assassination of exJovernor Boggs. He was again discharged,

and, when he returned home, there was a jubilee held throughout the city. The remainder of the winter, and the next spring, we

spent in peace.

"About the middle of June, 1843, Joseph went with his wif 3 to visit Mrs. Wasson, who was his wife's sister. Whilst there, an

attempt was made to kidnap him, and take him into Missouri, by

J. H. Reynolds, from that state, and Harmon Wilson, of Carthage,

Hancock coun'y, Illinois, who was a Missourian in principle. You

have read Hyrum's testimony, and can judge of the treatment which Joseph received at their hands. Suffice to say, he was

shamefully abused. Wilson had authority from the governor of

Illinois to take Joseph Smith, Junior, and deliver him into the 932 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

hands of the before named Reynolds; but as neither of them

showed any authority save a brace of pistols, Joseph took them for false imprisonment. He then obtained a wiit of habeas corpus of the master in chancery of Lee county, returnable before

the nearest court authorized to determine upon such writs; and

the Municipal Court of Nauvoo being the nearest one invested with this power, an examination was had before said court, when it was made to appear that the writ was defective and void:

furthermore, that he was innocent of the charges therein alleged against him. It was in this case that Hyrum's testimony was

given, which is rehearsed in a preceding chapter.

Not long after this I broke up housekeeping, and at

Joseph's request, I took up my residence at his house. Soon after

which I was taken very sick, and was brought nigh unto death.

For five nights Emma never left me, but stood at my bedside all the night long, at the end of which time, she was overcome with fatigue, and taken sick herself. Joseph then took her place, and

watched with me the five succeeding nights, as faithfully as Emma had done. About this time I began to recover, and, in the

course of a few weeks, I was able to walk about the house a little, and sit up during the day. I have hardly been able to go on foot

further than across the street since.

On the third day of October, 1843, Sophronia, second daughter of Don Carlos, died of the scarlet fever, leaving her widowed mother doubly desolate.

CHAPTER LIV.

JOSEPH AND HYRUM ASSASSINATED.

About the time that John C. Bennett left Nauvoo, an election

was held for the office of mayor, and Joseph, being one of the candidates, was elected to that office. I mention this fact, in

order to explain a circumstance that took place in the winter of 1843 and 1844, which was as follows. Joseph, in organizing the

city police, remarked, that, "were it not for enemies within the city, there would be no danger from foes without,"adding, "If it were not for a Brutus, I might live as long as Caesar would have

lived."HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 933

Some one, who suspected that Joseph alluded to William Law, went to the latter and informed him that Joseph regarded him as a Brutus; and, that it was his own opinion, that he (Law) was in

imminent danger. Law, on hearing this tale, went immediately to

Joseph, who straightway called a council, and had all that knew anything concerning the matter brought together, and thus succeeded in satisfying Law, that he intended no evil in what he had said.

About this time, a man by the name of Joseph Jackson, who had been in the city several months, being desirous to marry

Lovina Smith, Hyrum's oldest daughter, asked. her father if he was

willing to receive him as a sonin-law. Being answered in the

negative, he went and requested Joseph to use his influence in his favor. As Joseph refused to do that, he next applied to Law, who

was our secret enemy, for assistance in stealing Lovina from her father, and from this time forth, he continued seeking out our enemies, till he succeeded in getting a number to join him in a conspiracy to murder the whole Smith family. They commenced holding secret meetings, one of which was attended by a man named

Eaton, who was our friend, and he exposed th3 plot.

This man declared that the Higbees Laws and Fos'ers were all connected with Jackson in his operations. There was also

another individual, named Augustine Spencer, a dissolute character, (although a member of an excellent family,) who, I believe, was concerned in this conspiracy. About the time of Eaton's disclosures, this man went to the house of his brother Orson, and

abused my sons and the Church at such a rate, that Orson finally told him that he must either stop or leave the house. Augustine

refused, and they grappled. In the contest Orson was considerably injured. He went immediately to Joseph, and, stating the

case, asked for a warrant. Joseph advised him to go to Dr.

Foster, who was a justice of the peace. Accordingly, he went and

demanded a warrant of Foster, but was refused. On account of

this refusal, Foster was brought befor Esquire Wells, and tried for nonperformance of duty. At this trial Joseph met Charles Foster,

the doctor's brother, who attempted to shoot him, as soon as they met, but was hindered by Joseph's catching his hands, and holding 934 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

him by main force, in which way Joseph was compelled to confine him above an hour, in order to preserve his own life.

Jackson and the apostates continued to gather strength, till, finally, they established a printing press in our midst. Through

this organ they belched forth the most intolerable, and the blackest lies that were ever palmed upon a community. Being advised

by men of influence and standing, to have this scandalous press removed, the city council took the matter into consideration, and finding that the law would allow them to do so, they declared it a nuisance, and had it treated accordingly.

At this the apostates left the city, in a great rage, swearing vengeance against Joseph and the city council, and, in fact, the whole city. They went forthwith to Carthage, and got out writs

for Joseph and all those who were in any wise concerned in the destruction of the press. But, having no hope of justice in that

place, the brethren took out a writ of habeas corpus, and were tried before Esquire Wells, at Nauvoo. With this the apostates

were not satisfied. They then called upon one Levi Williams, who

was a bitter enemy to us, whenever he was sufficiently sober to know his own sentiments, for he was a drunken, ignorant, illiterate brute, that never had a particle of character or influence until he began to call mob meetings, and placed himself at the head of a rabble like unto himself, to drive the "Mormons,"at which time he was joined by certain unmentionable ones in Warsaw and Carthage; and xor his zeal in promoting mobocracy, he became the intimate acquaintance and confidential friend of some certain preachers, lawyers, and representatives, and, finally, of Joseph Jackson

and the apostates. He, as Colonel Levi Williams, commands the

militia, (alias mob) of Hancock county. On this man, I say, they

called for assistance to drag Joseph and Hyrum, with the rest of the council, to Carthage. Williams swore it should be done, and

gathered his band together. Joseph, not wishing to fall into the

hands of wolves or tigers, called upon the Legion to be in readiness to defend the city and its chartered rights. Just at this

crisis, Governor Ford arrived in Quincy. The apostates then ap

pealed from the mob to the Governor. At this time he came into

the midst of the mob, and asked them if they would stand by him in executing and defending the law. They said they would; and

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 935

so he organized them into militia, and then demanded the brethren for trial upon the warrant issued by Smith; (as he did not choose

to recognize the right of habeas corpus granted us in the city charter). At the same time he pledged the faith of the state that

the brethren should be protected from mob violence. Those called

for in the warrant, made their appearance at Carthage, June 24, 1844. On the morning of the twentyfifth, Joseph and Hyrum

were arrested for treason, by a warrant founded upon the oaths of A. 0. Norton and Augustine Spencer.

I will not dwell upon the awful scene which succeeded. My

heart is thrilled with grief and indignation, and my blood curdles in my veins whenever I speak of it.

My sons were thrown into jail, where they remained three days in company with Brothers Richards, Taylor and Markham.

At the end of this time, the Governor disbanded most of the men, but left a guard of eight of our bitterest enemies over the jail, and sixty more of the same character about a hundred yards distant. He then came into Nauvoo with a guard of fifty or sixty

men, made a short speech, and returned immediately. During his

absence from Carthage, the guard rushed Brother Markham out of the place at the point of the bayonet. Soon after this, two

hundred of those discharged in the morning rushed into Carthage, armed, and painted black, red and yellow, and in ten minutes fled again, leaving my sons murdered and mangled corpses!

In leaving the place, a few of them found Samuel coming into

Carthage, alone, on horseback, and, finding that he was one of our family, they attempted to shoot him, but he escaped out of their hands, although they pursued him at the top of their speed for more than two hours. He succeeded the next day in getting to Nauvoo in season to go out and meet the procession with the bodies of

Hyrum and Joseph, as the mob had the kindness to allow us the privilege of bringing them home, and burying them in Nauvoo, notwithstanding the immense reward which was offered by the Missourians for Joseph's head.

Their bodies were attended home by only two persons, save those that went from this place. These were Brother Willard

Richards and a Mr. Hamilton; Brother John Taylor having been

936 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

shot in prison, and nearly killed, he could not be moved until some time afterwards.

After the corpses were washed and dressed in their burial clothes, we were allowed to see them. I had for a long time

braced every nerve, roused every energy of my soul, and called upon God to strengthen me; but when I entered the room, and saw

my murdered sons extended both at once before my eyes, and heard the sobs and groans of my family, and the cries of "Father!

Husband! Brothers!"from the lips of their wives, children, brothers and sisters, it was too much, I sank back, crying to the Lord,

in the agony of my soul, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken this family!"A voice replied, "I have taken them to myself, that they might have rest."Emma was carried back to her

room almost in a state of insensibility. Her oldest son approached

the corpse, and dropped upon his knees, and laying his cheek against his father's, and kissing him, exclaimed, "Oh, my father!

!"As for myself, I was swallowed up in the depths ofmy father

my afflictions; and though my soul was filled with horror past imagination, yet I was dumb, until I arose again to contemplate the

spectacle before me, Oh! at that moment how my mind flew

through every scene of sorrow and distress which we had passed, together, in which they had shown the innocence and sympathy which filled their guileless hearts. As I looked upon their peaceful, smiling countenances, 1 seemed almost to hear them say,

"Mother, weep not for us, we have overcome the world by love;

we carried to them the gospel, that their souls might be saved;

they slew us for our testimony, and thus placed us beyond their power; their ascendency is for a moment, ours is an eternal

triumph."I then thought upon the promise which I had received in Missouri, that in five years Joseph should have power over all his enemies. The time had elapsed and the promise was fulfilled.

I left the scene and returned to my room, to ponder upon the calamities of my family. Soon after this, Samuel said, "Mother, I

have had a dreadful distress in my side ever since I was chased by the mob, and I think I have received some injury which is going to make me sick."And indeed he was then not able to sit up, as he

had been broken of his rest, besides being dreadfully fatigued in

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 937

the chase, which, joined to the shock occasioned by the death of his brothers, brought on a disease that never was removed.

On the following day the funeral rites of the murdered ones were attended to, in the midst of terror and alarm, for the mob had made their arrangements to burn the city that night, but by the diligence of the brethren, they were kept at bay until they became discouraged, and returned to their homes.

In a short time Samuel, who continued unwell, was confined to his bed, and lingering till the thirtieth of July, his spirit forsook its earthly tabernacle, and went to join his brothers, and the ancient martyrs, in the Paradise of God.

At this time, William was absent on a mission to the Eastern

States. And he had taken his family with him, in consequence of

his wife being afflicted with the dropsy, hoping that the journey might be a benefit to her. Thus was I left desolate in my distress.

I had reared six sons to manhood, and of them "all, one only remained, and he was too far distant to speak one consoling word to me in this trying hour. It would have been some satisfaction to

me, if I had expected his immediate return, but his wife was lying at the point of death, which compelled him to remain where he was. His case was, if it were possible, worse than mine, for he

had to bear all his grief alone in a land of strangers, confined to the side of his dying wife, and absent from those who felt the deepest interest in his welfare; whilst I was surrounded with

friends, being in the midst of the Church; my daughters, too,

were with me, and from their society I derived great comfort.

The Church at this time was in a state of gloomy suspense.

Not knowing who was to take the place of Joseph, the people were greatly wrought upon with anxiety, lest an impostor should arise and deceive many. Suddenly, Sidney Rigdon made his appearance from Pittsburgh, and rather insinuated that the Church

ought to make choice of him, not as President, but as guardian;

for "Joseph,"said he, "is still President, and the Church must be built up unto him."But before he could carry his measures into

effect, the Twelve, who had also been absent, arrived, and assuming their proper places, all was set to rights.

William, however, did not return till the spring of 1845, when, with great difficulty, he got his wife to Nauvoo. She sur938 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

vived but a short time after her arrival, for in about two weeks, to complete the sum of William's afflictions, he followed her to the grave. Her disease was brought on by her exposures in Missouri,

so that she was what might be termed an indirect martyr to the cause of Christ, which makes the sum of martyrs in our family no less than six in number.

Shortly after William's return from the east, he was ordained

Patriarch of the Church, in the place of Hyrum, who held the keys of that Priesthood previous to his death.

Here ends the history of my life, as well as that of my family, as far as I intend carrying it for the present. And I shall

leave the world to judge, as seemeth them good, concerning what

I have written. But this much I will say, that the testimony

which I have given is true, and will stand for ever; and the same

will be my testimony in the day of God Almighty, when I shall meet them, concerning whom I have testified, before angels, and the spirits of the just made perfect, before archangels and seraphims, cherubims and gods; where the brief authority of the

unjust man will shrink to nothingness before him who is the Lord of lords, and God of gods; and where the righteousness of the

just shall exalt them in the scale, wherein God weigheth the hearts of men. And now having, in common with the Saints, appealed in

vain for justice, to Lilburn W. Boggs, Thomas Carlin, Martin Van

Buren, and Thomas Ford, I bid them a last farewell, until I shall appear with them before Him who is the judge of both the quick and dead; to whom I solemnly appeal in the name of Jesus Christ.

Amen.

(the end*)

* An appendix containing a mission journal and letters by Don C.

Smith; poems by E. R. Snow on the death of Joseph Smith, Senior, and

Don Carlos Smith; and on the martyrdom of the Prophet and Patriarch,

will begin in No. 1 Vol. 6 of the Era.

THE GREAT CONFLICT.

BY ELDER HENRY W. NAISBITT.

No originality is claimed for our caption, for it is many years since it was first heard or read; "The Conflict of Ages"was a semireligious work which soon passed into oblivion, "The Irrepressible

Conflict"and "The Great Conflict,"both, if rightly remembered, grew out of the civil war of this land; whether the ideas of either

writer were germane to our present thought, we know not, but there is "A Conflict"on hand, a battle being fought which probably never entered into their consideration or comprehension.

The conflict now referred to is not a new one, but its phases change, its manifestations vary as "the day of decision approaches;"every human soul is interested in it, three worlds or

conditions are enlisted and engaged therein; the two Titanic

forces of spiritual and evil, are struggling for existence—good

supremacy; their cohorts are disciplined for the occasion, the battle is on; it is localized in part, and the probabilities are that this

feature will become in the near future more and more apparent;

and, while the issue has been clearly defined and the result authoritatively determined, evil is becoming more desperate and more aggressive, and the observer of "the signs of the times"can clearly note that this section of the earth is and will be the hottest part of this irrepressible war.

Some would think this claim fanatical and presumptuous, but it is both reasonable, scriptural, and philosophical; for this is the

gathering place, at present, for all nations, and "where the carcass is there will the eagles be gathered together;"here is where

hath of God—is formed. Hethe nucleus of Zion—the kingdom

940 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

gathered here his covenant people; here is the authority or priest,

hood of God, all unconscious, perchance, of the mighty things which are to be evolved under its administration; the "threshing

floor"is laid, the flail is in action, the wheat is being subjected to flagellation or discipline, and the tares and chaff will eventually pass through the fanning mill, when the wheat will assuredly be garnered, while "the chaff will be burned up with unquenchable

fire."The mental, moral and spiritual stamina of the gathered is being tested; they are being subjected to uncongenial influences;

their agency is on the rack; now and then, we see souls "go down

to death"because of nonresistance to thosa subtle workers who are the emissaries of Satan and the prophets of evil. Many have

said, "Let us go up against Zi m, that she may be defiled,"and. in

far too many instances, (humanly speaking) this aggressive element has been officered publicly and in secret by Jesuits of the clerical class; the old Ephesian cry, "Great is Diana,"has been

theirs, while all their weapons of war have been of infernal manufacture, and brought from th3 arsenals of religious hate, and

Pjriestly power, until prejudice, working in the guise of religion, has fostered treason against the genius of liberty, by suggesting disfranchisement and despoilation, after misrepresentation of both theory and fact.

The gathering has not been confined to the loverg of righteousness and truth; its spirit perverted, has brought together the

elements of rivalry and opposition with all the auxiliaries of temptation, vice and sin; susceptible persons have become subjects and

slaves of these demons of evil who "neither fear God nor regard man;"crimes, unfamiliar heretofore, have been developed, until

the missionary in the world has been undecided as to whether the leading papers of this state should be circulated among either enquirers or convents abroad, because of "the strange things"found therein; but the fear was a mistaken one, for, rightly viewed, all

these things were testimony to th3 gathering of the clans, or the conflict of spiritual forces, one seeking for salvation, the other for eternal death.

It was said, a long time ago, that "judgment begins at the house of God;"what judgment was that, if not the power of disTHE GREA1 CONFLICT. 941

crimination between Satanic suggestion and the Spirit of God? An

apostolic philosopher who understood the essential nature of and products of spiritual action working upon the soul of man, said, "the purity of the Spirit (of God) is joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance,"all glorifying traits and worthy of generous culture and Godlike ambition;

against them there is no law.

Rebellion against supreme authority is the crowning sin of

Satan, and the motto of all his legions; they untiringly seek for

recreants among mankind, and they fully understand the weakness of the flesh and the results of unregenerate agency; their purpose is to thwart, if possible, the designs of God, and, while

directly their actions can never overreach his wisdom nor frustrate his aim, the malignity of spirits and their use of spirit force is always on the side of disloyalty and destruction. Yet, "No man

can say, I am tempted of God, for God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempteth he any man, but every man is tempted when he is drawn away of his own lust and enticed"(James 1: 13, 14,)

"and the works of the flesh are adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasci piousness, idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulation, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies, envying, murder, drunkenness, revelings, and such like of the which I have told you before, as I have also told you (like a faithful minister of God) in times past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of

God."—(Paul).

No man can claim exemption from the penalty of unrighteousness; none can be lauded or prayed or preached into heaven; none

can excuse themselves because of spiritual agencies or because of the power of fascination or temptation, for great authority said, "Resist the devil, and he will flee from you,"but a greater, setting us an example, said, "Get thee behind me Satan, for it is written, thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and Him only shalt thou serve."

"The beginning of sin is as the letting in of water,"said the old sage, and an apostle wrote, "When lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin, and sin when it is finished bringeth forth death."

Another said, "The sting of death is sin, and the strength of sin is the law."In other words, disobedience, rebellion, treason are

942 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the archenemies of many, instigated, encouraged, by the emissaries of evil, whether in the flesh or of the spirit.

The unusual carnival of crime hereabouts establishes the philosophy of spiritual force and activity; it demonstrates that

the heat of the contest is not in the world, New York, London,

Paris, these are already in the arms of the wicked one; the fight

will in due time spread no doubt; for the prophet declared that

"The Lord would hold a controversy with the nations"—that "he

will plead with all flesh,"and the cry now is, "If the Lord be God> serve him, but if Baal, then serve him,"but the nations are already forewarned that those who will not serve him shall perish, "nay shall be utterly wasted away."

It was prophesied in the early days of Jesus, "This child is set for the rise and fall of many in Israel;"it was predicted of the

latterday prophet that "his name should be known for good or evil in all the world;"both have been fulfilled; the first said,

"How often would I have gathered you together,"the latter filled the dicta of an older prophet, "Gather my sons together, ye who have made covenant with me by sacrifice."Said we not truly,

"this covenant people are here; here is the battleground, the contest is being waged, the powers of good, the authority of God,

leads the forces of true spiritual life, progress and success; the

alien forces of Satan are led by demagogues, politicians, designing men, lovers of evil, enemies of truth and righteousness; in every

garb, they have declared themselves, and they have laid seige to "the kingdom;"all the batteries of temptation, and all alluring

sin are here; men have become possessed of evil spirits; they are

charmed by spurious liberty; they "call evil good, and good evil;"

and the results of subservience to those powers of darkness are seen in the calendars, while "secret sins"are ravaging and overturning the foundations of social security, honesty, honor, virtue;

regard for life and property, financial delinquency, official prostitution, the encouragement of saloons, whoredoms, pleasure and excessive expenditure, bear continuous testimony of the Gentiles and forgetfulness of God!

Spiritual bondage is inevitable where "perilous times are come,"for then men are "lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful,

THE GREAT CONFLICT. 943

unholy, without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God."Such are under the

dominion of Satan. "Know ye not,"said Paul, "that to whom ye

list yourselves to obey, his servants ye are, whether of sin unto death or of.obedience unto righteousness."

Surely this is true philosophy, surely men do become subservient to evil, accomplices in disloyalty and rebellion! Surely

every man who is unfamiliar or indifferent or negligent as to this, who tampers with evil, who yields to suggestions, who is willing to be in the dark, who is not in possession of or has grieved and lost the spirit, must know, does know, that, left to himself, he becomes "subject to every evil work,"and that countless numbers are engaged in this controversy, and war is, according to the revealings of the spirit of truth, surely evident enough.

"Give not heed to seducing spirits,"has been advised since the organization of the Church. "Try the spirits,"was the advice of experience. "Many spirits have gone forth to deceive;"

it was revealed of old that "strong delusions"should characterize the latterday, making victims of those who take pleasure in unrighteousness. To try the spirits hereabouts, is as much of a

necessity, if not a greater one, as in any preceding dispensation.

RECOLLECTIONS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH.

BY L. L. GREENE RICHARDS.

EWer John W. Hess/j who was for along time president of

the Davis stake of Zion has given eeccangly interesting reminiscences, of the Prophet Joseph.

When Elder Hess was a boy, about twelve years of age, his father rented a house at Richmond Landing, or-,-as the placewas also called, Pomeroy's Ferry. There the Saints landed who came

by water from Kirtland to go to Far West. And there the

944 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Prophet Joseph, in company with his brothers Hyrum and William, and others, thirteen in all, stopped as they were returning from laying out the city of Far West. They stayed with the family of

Father Hess for thirteen days.

. The Prophet was studying Greek and Latin. He would study

intently until he was very tired. Then he would come out of his

room and engagein a game, perhaps it would be "hide and seek,"with the children, showing the childlike simplicity which characterized the life of that great man. And oh, how he was beloved

by every member of that family!

Brother Hess says he has never seen any one else that he has loved as he loved the Prophet Joseph Smith. He can remember of Joseph's taking him on his lap at different times, and of

putting his own arms around the beloved Prophet's neck and being embraced by him; and that, being thus clasped to the noble,

generous, mighty heart of the Prophet, gave him a heavenly sensation never to be described or forgotten.

Upon one occasion, the little boy heard some of the brethren <talking of the strength they felt they possessed in resisting temptation, and he never forgot what the Prophet said to them; it was:

"Brethren, if you get onto the Devil's ground, he will handle you

Keep away from him, the farther the better!"

When the Prophet went away from the home he had found with Father Hess, you would have thought there had been a funeral in the family, the children all loved him so! This is as

Elder Hess remembers those days and events..

THE CASTLE BUILDER.

BY NEPHI ANDERSON, AUTHOR OF ADDED UPON,"n,MARCUS KING

MORMON,"ETC.

XI.

THE TRIUMPH OF LOVE!

Snow was falling when Harald reached Christiania. The

short winter day was closing; the gas lamps had been lighted, and

a smoky haze had settled down over the city. He curbed his impetuosity, and waited until the next morning to call on Thora.

Her address led him to the outskirts of the city, away up towards the fields where the rents were low. The streetcar took

him to within two blocks of the place, and then he walked on towards the street which had been extended into the country like a long arm stretching out from the body.

His heart beat rapidly, as he climbed the stairs to the second story of the house. He paused for breath by the door bearing

the proper number. He was fearful lest he should make a noise.

to be moving. Perhaps heThe halls were still—no one seemed

had come out too early. He looked at his watch which marked

the hour at half past ten.

Standing there "to settle his nerves,"he heard the faint clicking of a sewing machine, accompanied by the low hum of a human voice, coming from the room directly in front of him. Was it

Thora, already at work?

Giving the little handle by the side of the door a pull, he heard a bell tingle within the room. The noise of the machine

stopped, and light footsteps came towards the door. The door

opened, and Thora Bernhard stood before him!

It was the Thora of years ago, rather than the Thora of the 946 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

picture. Though taller than when he had last seen her, she had

the same thin, pale cheeks, full lips, and large, expressive eyes, now so full of life's meaning—it might have been the day after

her confirmation. Thora did not know him until he spoke. Then

the color bathed her neck, and mounted to her face.

"Good morning, sister,"he said.

it Mr. Einersen?""Good morning, sir. Is it—is

"And you do not know me? I must have changed. I could

have picked you out from the largest crowd that ever promenaded on Karl Johan."

"Well, come in, then. You must excuse my untidiness; but

I have been at work all the morning, and, of course, I did not expect visitors."

She placed him a chair, then busied herself with picking up the litter from her dressmaking, and shoved the machine into a corner. She was somewhat embarrassed; he could see that.

. Harald was a little disappointed. He had pictured to himself a scene, in which she should have taken refuge in his arms.

When she had arranged her room a little more tidily, she sat down on a chair in the remotest corner from him.

"You came from Larvik?"she asked.

"Yes.""You left father well?"

"Fairly well, yes."

Then there was a pause. Harald was at a loss how to act, or

what to say. He had failed to put himself in her place.

"When I received your last letter, I lost no time in coming,"he said. "Yes."She toyed with the cover on the table. "I thought

that coming to see me would be the last thing you would do, after receiving my letter."

"Why so?""Oh, you would give me up as being beyond redemption—as

being lost to all good influences."

"You would have me judge you as others have done?"

"My father has cast me off. What could I expect from any

other?"There were tears in her eyes now. Then it came sud.

denly to him that this woman did not understand him. How

THE CAS1LE BUILDER, 947

could she, when he had not told her? How foolish of him, not to

tell her at once!

"Father would not understand me,"she went on. "He would

not listen to me ""But I understand you, Thora, I understand you, Sister

Thora."Harald arose and went over to the table. "I have

always understood you, I believe; and I understand you now."

"You understand that I am a 'Mormon.'I made it plain to

you in my letter, did I not?"

"I understand that you are a member of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, Thora. I thank God for this knowlalso have received of the preciousedge, because—because—I

light.""What, do you mean, Harald Einersen?"

also, Thora.""I, also, am a 'Mormon'—I

"No!""Yes; it is true. I am not deceiving you. I am also a Latter-day Saint."

"Oh! it can't be true."

"But it is, Thora, it is true."

"But you are the Head Master in West Akerby school."

"No; I am not. I am nothing now, nothing in this world's

estimation; but I hope something in the eyes of my Heavenly

Father, and in the eyes of my brethren and sisters."

Thora had also arisen. She looked into the face of the

young man as if to read his innermost thoughts. Harald had

never seen such beauty before. The love of a life's accumulation

welled up in his heart for her. He saw that welltried soul, in its

strength. He saw that purified heart in all its immaculateness.

From his own experience, he judged of hers. The simplicity, the

trustfulness, the innocence of the child, shone from her face.

The longing to take her in his arms was wellnigh irresistible.

"Have you also given up everything for the salvation of your soul?"she asked.

"I have given up everything; that is, everything worldlyhonor, ambition, riches, all have gone, and I thought, love also,

I hope he has,Thora—but God has been good to me in that,

Thora."948 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"I know what you have suffered. I know, oh, I know—I

have also placed all on the altar."

"All but your love, Thora."

"I placed all, I said; yes, even my love. I placed that on the

altar, too!"

"And God has accepted the sacrifice, but given back your love to you thrice blessed. Has he not, Thora?"

don't know. How can I know!""I—I

Harald stepped around to her side. "I can tell you,"he

said; but he spoke not another word. He took her trembling

hands. She looked into his face; ah, that look; but her eyes were

full of tears and she bowed her head. It was so near to his

shoulder that he could not resist pressing it down. It lay there

quietly, while he gently stroked back the wavy, brown curls from her forehead.

God had again been beyond expression, to two good—good

human hearts.

"And now you must go back to Larvik with me. Can you get

ready by tomorrow?"

"0, Harald, did father say so. May I come home?"

"Well, he didn't exactly say yes; but we can manage it."

"But I can not get ready by tomorrow, I have a dress to finish. Yes; I am a dressmaker now. I have had to live."

"It must be hard."

"What, to work? Oh, no, work has been a great help to me.

Of course, I was somewhat clumsy at first, but now I pride myself in being a good dressmaker."

"Well, I don't think we ought to stay away from your father any longer than possible."

"Give me two days; I can be ready by that time. Poor, dear

father, is he that ill?"

"He is not strong. I have been staying with him all winter,

but he did not know that I was a 'Mormon'until just before my leaving Larvik. I had not told him before, fearing that had he

known, he would not have given me a chance to help him; and I

believe I have helped him. He seemed to appreciate me from the

first. But when I received your letter, I saw my true position,

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 949

that I was usurping the place of his'own child. Then I told him?"

"What did he say?"

"He tried hard to be angry with me, but I don't think it amounted to much. However, I may have"to leave his employ*

but, if he has put up with an ugly 'Mormon'for three months, he can surely countenance a fair one for the same length of time."

She rewarded him with a glance of the eye, betraying a mind overflowing with love and happiness, then sprang up to prepare lunch, which, however, he prevailed upon her not to do.

"Go with me down to the Steam Kitchen,"he said.

"Oh, but my sewing,"she exclaimed.

"You will save time by taking a rest. The run will do you

good. We can be back in an hour or two at the most."

"Well, my quarters are rather stuffy, and I believe I'll go."

In a few minutes she appeared, ready for the street. Even if

Thora had to work for a living, it was noticed that her dress was in no way shabby nor poor.

So, walking to the street car line, and riding to town, they had their dinner at that rather democratic dining room, the

Steam Kitchen. They took their time about it, too; Thora's

press of work did not bother them. They were as heartglad boy

and girl, freed from some long and dreary schoolroom task.

In the afternoon of the third day, Harald and Thora were seated in a coupe of the Larvik train. When they emerged from

the dingy city, they saw the snowcovered country glistening in the sun, while the forests of pine and fir looked black against the whiteness of the snow. To these two, sitting there side by side

close together, peace had come at last. The struggle was virtually over. Not that all trials were over, not that the future

would be all plain sailing, but nothing, it seemed to them, could come now to mar their peace. The great struggle was over.

The crisis had been passed. The supreme sacrifice had been made

and accepted. All else, even to the laying down of life, was not

to be dreaded. Their thoughts were too deep for utterance, so

they sat silent for a long time.

"God is good,"she whispered, as if in prayer. After a time,

he said: "Thora, if we had only known, what a comfort and strength 950 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

we could have been to each other. To think that we were fighting the same battle alone and separate, when we could just as

well have been together! It would not have been half so hard."

"No; perhaps it would have been no trial at all, Harald.

God willed totry us alone. Had we known, it might have been too

"easy to accept the truth, because—because

"Because we loved each other. That's what you were going

to say, isn't it?"

He hardly heard the whispered, "yes."

"And you have* loved me all the time, Thora, even as I have loved you. You can't deny don't deny it?"it—you

"Why should I contradict. I don't like to quarrel."

"I always thought you cared for me, Thora, even away back in boyhood days, even if I was a poor, ignorant boy."

"Not ignorant, Harald. You were always smarter in school

than I was."

"But I was not at the head of my class on confirmation day, was I?""No, but you ought to have been."

"Yes; you have told me that before."

"Thora,"said he again, after a pause, "was I not bold to think of you as I did?"

"No; I would not have loved you, had you been less courageous.

I thought, I have always thought, that you were a sort of Viking, and would, like your ancestors, not let such a little thing as humble birth, or poverty, hinder you from getting anything you had set your heart upon."

"Did you think that? Thank you for telling me. You are

just like grandmother—

"Oh, thank you; now I know I am getting along in years,

but—""You know what I mean,"he laughed, "grandmother was always telling me that I could become what I wished to become, in righteousness, she always added, if I had the faith and grit; also

she said that she could have traced her lineage back to Harald

Haarfagre if she had taken any stock in the matter of blueblooded pedigree."

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 951

"Well, you would better get that genealogy,"said she. "It

will be useful some day."

About ten o'clock, they arrived at Larvik. Merchant Bernhard's servant met them at the door. Yes, Mr. Bernhard was in,

but he was very ill. The doctor was with him.

"0, Harald, are we too late?"exclaimed Thora.

"I hope not."They went in. "Tell the doctor that we would

like to speak to him."

In a few minutes, [the doctor came, and Harald explained matters to him.

"I fear he will not know you,"said the doctor; "but you may

come in. It can not harm him. He talks about you, Miss Bernhard, in his delirium."

They all went into the sick room, and Thora walked softly up to the bedside. The old man was lying with his face to the wall,

as if asleep, so she did not disturb him, but stood looking at his pale, sunken face, and head as white as the pillow on which it lay.

"If he is asleep, we would better not disturb him,"said the doctor. "I believe he is resting."

Harald was surprised at the great change the few days of his absence had made. The old man must have suffered greatly.

The doctor said that there would be no objection to them watching by his bedside. In fact, their presence would help the

patient, and if he should recognize them, so much the better.

But the doctor did not understand why they both were doubtful about that. However, as the patient seemed to be sleeping, the

doctor left, and Thora drew up a chair to the bedside where she sat watching the dear, pale face. After a time she told Harald to

g; to bed, she would remain with her father the rest of the evening.

She and the nurse would be able to manage for the night.

About midnight, the sick man turned towards the side of the bed where Thora was sitting. He looked the girl in the face,

but did not seem to recognize her. However, he made no objections when she took his hand and held it firmly in her own; and

when she, with her other hand, gently smoothed back the hair from his forehead, he lay peaceably looking at her until again he fell asleep.

The next morning, the doctor pronounced his patient much 952 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

better, thanks to Miss Bernhard's assistance. It did seem that

the daughter's subtle influence, or faith or prayer, call it what you will, had its effect on the father. He would lie for hours holding

her hand and looking into her face. At first, it was certain that

he did not know her; but in a day or two, Thora imagined that his

eyes penetrated the mist, and that he recognized her; but he said

nothing. Then a little, faint smile came over his face, at times

when he was looking at her, and at that Thora took courage.

Thus the days passed. The improvement, was slow, still it was

improvement, said the doctor. Harald attended to the business as

usual. Thora devoted her whole time and attention to her father.

Then there came a time—in about ten days—when the

father talked freely to both Thora and Harald. Never once did he

mention the matter of religion or the "Mormons."He acted as if

his daughter had never been away from him, had never been forbidden to enter his door. And Thora was too overjoyed to say

anything that would remind him, even if he had forgotten. The

old merchant was changed. His harshness had softened, and his

severe manner had given place to much gentleness.

One day when he was able to sit up, he called Harald to him.

"How goes the business, Harald?"he asked.

"As well as can be expected, I think."

"Well, are you still in the mind of resigning your position Tr "Well, no, sir. Not if you want me."

"Well, I want you. At least until I am well again. Oh, I'm

getting well rapidly now, and I'll be around again after awhile.

Then we'll see; you'll stay until then?"

"Certainly."

"All say, Harald, don't imagine that I have forright—and

gotten about this 'Mormon'business. I haven't; but we will not

say anything about it now. And as for Thora, she has saved my

life, I think, and she will have to stay. I was going swiftly when

she came and pulled me pulled me back just as really as back—yes,

if she had a rope on me, pulling me away from an awful chasm into which I was falling; and then, she is my daughter, isn't she?

I havaand I can't altogether forget that, now—she's the only one

on earth, and it's so lonesome, to be alone."

1HE CASTLE BUILDER. 953

Thora came around to his chair, for she had been in the room all the time, and her father had known it.

"0, father, thank you, and God bless you,"she cried, as her arms went around his neck, and she kissed him on the cheek.

Then they both cried softly, and he held her brown curls tightly against his cheeks.

Harald went out and left them together.

XII.

CASTLES OLD AND NEW.

The winter months passed, and Merchant Bernhard slowly regained health. Thora waited and watched over him with

utmost solicitude. She was the life of the house again, and her

smiles and songs gladdened the heart of her father.

The subject of her religious belief was never considered in their many talks. Once or twice, Thora had tried to explain some

things, but, after listening long enough to get the drift of her argument, he had told her in a gentle way that he did not care to discuss such matters. Sometimes Thora sang "Mormon"hymns,

assisted by Harald. At such times, the father would listen with

an expression on his face, as if he enjoyed the music, but no comment was made by him.

Yet, they were sweet days to Harald and Thora, those days of getting better acquainted with each other, those days of lovemaking. The long separation had made changes in both; and, in

other conditions it would have taken more time to break through the strangeness between them, but the gospel is a wonderful, golden link which readily connects the sweet current of love.

"We have obeyed the new commandment,"Harald told Thora one day. "What is that?"

"'That ye love on-5 another; as I have loved you, that ye also

love one another. By this shall all men know that ye are my

disciples, if ye have love one to another.'"

They often read the scriptures together, and discussed the new found delights in them. The Bible became an open book to

. were made clear. Manythem, now. Many mystic passages

954 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

truths that had escaped their eyes before, now shone from the inspired record. Had they not been "born again of the Spirit,"

and "the Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep things of God.''

Once again over the frozen northern land, the frost giants were forced to retreat to their abode farther north; and Iduna,

the goddess of spring, came with her wealth of sunshine and flowers. Thora appreciated the return of spring more than ever,

as she had been confined to the house very closely; one afternoon

when her father and Harald were talking of a business trip to

Vangen, which the latter was obliged to take, Thora asked to go, too. She longed to see the old home again, and many of Vangen's

people, also, she said.

The father could not object, as he was now able to get about and take care of himself. The next day saw Harald and

Thora on the way.

Thora was delighted. It was like going home again, she

exclaimed. From the steamboat landing at Vangen, they went up

the familiar street to Merchant Bernhardt former place of business. Thora had looked forward with delight to meetiDg her old

friends, but alas, she had again forgotten that she was no loDger of this world, and that this world loved only its own. Some of

her acquaintances would hardly speak to her. Many of them

were not ashamed to openly taunt her. She had wished again to

see the old whitepainted home not far from the store, but its present owners did not even invite her in, so they had to be satisfied with leaning on the fence and looking at the lawn and garden.

"I see the conservatory is gone,"she said. "They don't care

much for flowers, I can see that."

"Not even roses,"said he. She looked coyly at him—they

understood each other.

Thora staid at the little hotel while Harald transacted his business. It was late in the afternoon when he returned.

"Are you going out this evening?"he asked.

"No; I've had plenty for one day. 'We are fools—for

Christ's sake,'"she said.

"'But we are wise in Christ/ said Harald, finishing the quotation.

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 955

The next morning, Harald secured a man to drive them up to

Opdal where they arrived just before noon, putting the Gundersen household in a flurry of excitement. The older boys were away,

but the other children stood around staring at their brother and his fine lady. The mother was busy over a big pot of mu3h

which she was preparing for dinner, and the mushstick was going with force into the depths of the boiling mass when the two visitors appeared at the door.

"Good! we're just in time,"exclaimed Harald, good naturedly,

"I am so hungry for a plate of good, oldfashioned mush, and here we have it."

As a rule, mush was not good enough for visitors, but Harald set the housewife's fears at rest by saying that they would eat nothing else, so she need not bother.

Soon the father came home for his midday meal, and there was a warm greeting between them.

"And this is Sister Bernhard, father,"said Harald, as he presented Thora to him.

The father held her hand a long time, as he glanced from one to the other.

"This is Merchant Bernhard's daughter, is'nt it?"he asked.

"Yes;"answered Harald, 'but don't you understand? I said

Sister Bernhard."

Then he understood. "Is it true?"he asked.

"Yes,"she said.

"Then, welcome, sister; and God bless you, and give you

strength according to your day."

"Thank you, Brother Gundersen."

The mush was relished; also the potatoes and salted herring.

Harald noted that there was a snowwhite cloth on the table; and

that the dishes were new, since he had been there the summer before. He saw many other signs of comfort and adornment in

the home, which the wife had been able to procure for the money which before had gone to the whiskey dealer.

The father was not so crowded with work but he could take a half holiday that afternoon. Harald must tell him many

things, and he had much news to tell Harald. So they talked and

956 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

sang all the afternoon. The wife no sooner had the dinner dishes

cleared than she began preparations for the next meal.

"Elder Olsen had visited Opdal a number of times during the winter,"said Harald's father. "He has held many meetings in the

neighborhood, and before his last departure he ordained me an

Elder in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."The

old man said it with the deepest solemnity. "I don't know why I

should be thus honored, I who have been a sinner all my days, I who am not learned in the knowledge of the schools. However, I

thank God for his goodness, and I try to honor the priesthood conferred upon me. I hold meetings nearly every evening, lately,

and I have hopes of bringing many to a knowledge of the truth.'*

"Have you a meeting tonight?"

"Yes; one down at Gulbransen's."

"Then, we'll go with you."

Great was the surprise of the neighbors when they saw the whole of Einer Gundersen's family, save Holger, walk into the place of meeting. Ridicule turned to wonder when they saw

Thora Bernhard take her seat close by the table and take part in the singing. Greater was the surprise when towards the close

of the services, they saw her arise by the table, and bear her testimony to the truth of what the two 'previous speakers had said.

"'I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the

power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth?'"she

said in closing. "No; I want all you good people here to know it.

Many of you have known me for years. You know my father.

You know what our standing is, yet I want to tell you that I am not ashamed of being called a 'Mormon.'The name is nothing,

but the principles are everything. In Christ's time it was as

great a reproach to be called a Christian as it is now to be called a 'Mormon.'Listen to this man. He will tell you the truth; and

you know, all of you, what a power for good the gospel has been to him. Many of you need this power not only to save in the eternal

worlds, but to save you from the gross appetites of your own perverse nature. God bless you. Amen."

"Amen,"said Einer Gundersen, so loud that everyone heard.

The next afternoon Harald and Thora were sailing down the fjord towards Vangen. The day was fine. The breeze pushed the boat

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 957

so gently through the water that scarcely a ripple appeared.

Harald had passed in and out of that fjord many, many times, but never yet in such a happy mood. Thora sat -in the prow of the

little boat, and sang softly to the hills, which echoed back her voice in yet gentler strains.

Some miles down from Opdal, the mountain juts close to the sea, and high, rocky cliffs extend out into the water. Towards

this point, Harald steered, and they were close under the rocks hefore Thora saw what he was doing.

"Where are you going?"she asked.

"Do you recognize this place?"

Thora looked up to the rocks, and then at the narrow strip of clean sand which stretched away by their side.

castle too. Let us go "Yes, I remember—I remember your

ashore and see if there is any of it remaining.

"Just what I was going to propose,"he said, as he brought the boat in to a small cove. Then he leaped ashore, fastened the

boat, and helped Thora out.

Up on the sand, close under the cliff, they saw a small pile of stones—once their playhouse on that afternoon, years and years

ago, when they were children. Father Gundersen had pretty

well demolished it that afternoon, but traces of the foundation stones could still be seen, laid to a square, and some of the larger blocks had tilted over in such a manner that a low roof had been formed in one corner of the ruins. Harald went around to where

Thora had planned the forest back of the castle—he remembered

it all clearly—and peeped in between the rocks.

Whirr! a wild duck flew from its nest, and out onto the fjord.

Harald motioned to Thora to come and see. There was the nest,

cosily made with seaweed and moss, and in it four beautiful eggs.

"The castle has bsen stormed and taken,"said he, and usurpers are living in our house. "What shall we do about it?"

"Let them live in peace,"she said. "There is room for us

out on those rocks. Here—help me up, and we'll sit on the ledge,

while you tell me another fairy story."

He lifted her up. She was heavier than when he lifted her

years ago, but he was now stronger, too. She found a comfortable seat on a stone, and he sat down by her side.

958 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The rocks faced the west, and the warm sun shone brightly upon them. Away out lay the Three Trolds, and just a glimpse of

the ocean could be seen beyond. The broad fjord basked in the

sun, and even the bold headlands might have been giants sleeping.

Up in the forest, on the hillside, there was the twitter of birds, and from the dim distance sounded the faint tinkle of a sheep's bell. Then the wild fowl came back to her nest in the rocks.

Thora watched the anxious mother courteously enter her home, and when the duck had disappeared, the girl smiled upon the manly form by her side.

"So you wish a fairy story,"he said. "I fear I have forgotten them all; but I can tell you a true story."

"But it will not be so fascinating, I know. I don't see how

you can sit here in this heavenly place and talk of common matters.""But this story is the most interesting in the whole world. It

is not new; it has been told millions of times, by all people, in all

climes, from the days of Adam until now. Yet it always bears

repeating, and it never gets commonplace nor dull. In fact, this

story is not the property of man only, but all nature can tell it, and be told it, in its own deephidden language. The birds warble

it, the wild fowl tells it to his mate. This story may at times be

forgotten, but it revives again, even as the liliesof-thevalley appear each spring time on the hillsides in the forest. Would

you like to hear the story, Thora?"

She answered with a laugh; and then threw her glance away

up the mountains, on the other side of the fjord.

"It's short—it'll not take long."

"Well?""It is composed of three words or chapters or parts or is just as the teller tells it, and the listener takesbooks—but that

it. They are: 'I love you.'"

"That is a short story for such a long preface."

love you, I love you, I—"Ah, I can make it longer—I

"Hush! What a silly man you are!"The hand on his head

gave his hair a pull.

"Thora,"he continued, "I had a long talk with Elder Olsen when he called at Larvik to bid us goodby, and I asked his opinion

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 959

about our getting married. As a rule, he said, the advice i3 that converts wait until they can gather with the Saints, and have the ceremony properly performed in the Temple; but, in our case, he thought

it probably best not to wait. It may be some time before we can

leave. Your father depends on us; the business needs us; and we

can do much good where we are. What do you think of it?"

"I don't know, Harald. I have desired to be married in a

if you think—did Elder Olsen say all that, or are youtemple—but

just fibbing a little?"

"No, Thora, I am in earnest. I think it will be best. We

would better get married now, and when we reach Zion, we can go to the Temple and there obtain our blessings, and be united for time and all eternity. What a blessed hope that is!"

"It shall be just as you say, Harald. I will leave it to you."

He found room beside her on the rocky shelf. Then he went

on, telling her of his hopes and plans; and they were as bright as

a heart overflowing with love can inspire; she sat and listened

with love's rapture in her eyes.

! "she cried. "You are such a castle builder

I cease "Yes; always have been, and always will be. When

to build castles, then I cease to live, which I pray God never will be, neither in this world nor in the world to come. I believe in

castles, Thora, yes even in what men call castles in the air. History teaches me that back of what we call facts, there has always

been a subtle force; before the act there has been the dream; as

the architect is to the builder, so is the vision to the realization.

In fact, castlebuilding is but another name for Faith—that power,

which God himself exercises, we are told, and by which the worlds were framed. From boyhood I have built castles. Some of them have

not materialized. That is because they were not constructed along the

fundamental lines that God, the Great Architect, has laid down. But

most of them have been substantiated, and I firmly believe that those

Thora—you and I—will which we will erect for the near future,

my mind fails me, my imalso be realized. As for the future life,

agination is too weak, but here are some of the foundation stones on which we may build."Harald took from his pocket his testa960 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ment, and, turning from passage to passage, they read, both bending over the book:

. took joyfully the spoiling of your "For ye...

goods, knowing in yourselves that ye have in heaven a better and an enduring substance."

"That will be pretty fine material with which to build castles, "won't it?

'"Again, the Lord promises the faithful An inheritance incorruptible, and undefiled, and that fadeth not away, reserved in heaven for you.'

"'And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and

there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain; for the former things are passed

away.'"'He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will be

his God, and he shall be my son.'

"'Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him.'

"There! conceive of it, Thora. We can not understand, only

as God touches our eyes, and our hearts, with his love, when a faint glinpse of its glories is given to us."

The two sat in silence. From the fjord come faint sounds of

music, wafted by tha breeze from the notes of an accordion which some fisherlad was playing. The afternoon was passing, and yet

they tarried.

"Yes, Thora,"he said, "we will walk together, not only to the river of death, but also out beyond that stream into the gokbn realms of eternity. 'All things shall be ours, whether life or

death, or things present, or things to come,'all shall be ours, as they are Christ's, and Christ is God's; for then all power will be

given us, and we shall be celestial beings, to walk and work in

God's universe forever. Then we may build our castles, and set

them in the garden of the Lord, there to stand forever, reflecting the glory of God. We may adorn them with all the beauty that

our hearts can desire or our imaginati )n conceive, for will not the riches of eternity be at our command and service! Then shall we

be truly rich, for God will give to us our inheritance. Then shall we

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 961

be truly wise, for all heights and depths of knowledge will be open to us. Then shall we be truly powerful, for nature's secrets will

be to us as an open book, and the elements will be in our hands as clay in the hands of a child.

is lost in the in- "Thora, to live and love forever—my mind

finitude. I may talk about the home 1 shall buili you, my queen,

with its gleaming marble and precious stones: I may try to picture it surrounded with trees and grass and flowers and singing

birds; I may try to tell of the new joys forever springing up, the

new triumphs to be celebrated, the flights to be taken into the regions of neverending wisdom and knowledge—but, the human

mind is weak. Though God has given us a glimpse, Thora, it is

I thank God for that much. Whatbut a glimpse, after all—but

lies before us yet in this life, we know not, but as long as we have this glorious light of hope shining along our path, though that path may be beset with danger and suffering, and strewn with ruin and desolation, yet will we lift our eyes to the light and journey on."The sun went down, and the sky grew full of color. In the

solemn hush of evening, every small sound was distinctly heard.

Then these minor notes were hushed, one by one. The breeze blew

soft and low through the pine forest; the waters laved soothingly the sand; the distant ocean murmured in deep, low tones;

the shadows grew deeper, and the stillness of night came on.

Then all sounds melted into one—the soft, soulpenetrating cadence of a world asleep.

Harald and Thora went silently down to the boat. The sail

was hoisted, and they floated into a silver sea. Over head, steady

and true and constant, shone the Polar Star.

[the end.] PHILOSOPHY OF JOSEPH SMITH'S TEACHINGS.

A SUGGESTIVE STUDY.

BY EDWIN F. PARRY.

The writings and teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith and the revelations given through him present many strong evidences that he was inspired of heaven A study of his life and works is a worthy pursuit for any young man. The prophetic utterances of

are notthe Prophet—such as have been or are being fulfilled—

the only proofs of his inspiration. The wisdom and philosophy

of his teachings afford additional testimony to the fact that he was divinely enlightened.

In the world generally, only men of mature years, of wide experience, and ripe scholarship, are regarded as philosophers. It

has been said that a man's mind does not begin to be philosophical until he is past forty years of age. Joseph Smith fell a martyr at

the age of thirtyeight, and yet the wisdom of the doctrines he advanced is equal to that of the most profound thinkers the world has ever known. Take for an illustration this one gem of philosophy from the writings of the Prophet:

"There is a law irrevocably decreed in heaven before the foundations of this world, upon which all blessings are predicated;- and

when we obtain any blessing from God, it is by obedience to that law upon which it is predicated."

Those of experience will be convinced, on due consideration, that this is true philosophy—a wise axiom. It is a key to the

treasury of heavenly knowledge, for it opens the door to the storePHILOSOPHY OF JOSEPH SMITHS TEACHINGS. 963

house of eternal and inestimable riches. It is also a fitting supplement to the words of the Savior: "Ask, and it shall be given you:

seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you;"

for it appears that it is necessary not only to ask for blessings, but to obey the conditions upon which they are promised. How

clearly this one brief statement made by the Prophet reveals to the mind the secret that has made men great and good and favored of Heaven! Through their obedience to the laws upon

which they were predicated, or based, were such men enabled to receive the blessings and privileges which they enjoyed. It also

points the way by which we can become like them, and partake of similar blessings, and that is by complying with the conditions or laws upon which all blessings are promised. If we desire to

his ways—we must have faith in him"come to God"—to learn of—"for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he

is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him."If we would

have our sins remitted, we must repent of them, for without repentance there can be no remission. If we wish to enter into the

kingdom of God, we may by complying with the requirement—be

"born of water and of the Spirit."If we would have eternal life

the commandments."greatest gift of God—we must "keep—the

If we seek temporal or physical blessings, we are required to obey the laws upon which they are to be gained. To enjoy health, to

"run and not be weary"and to "walk and not faint,"the admonitions given in what we call the Word of Wisdom must be observed. A whole sermon of much practical value might be drawn

from this one inspired sentence expressed by the Prophet, for it reveals to the mind a vast field of enlightenment.

"A man is save I no faster than he gets knowledge,"is an aphorism voiced by the Prophet Joseph Smith; and another saying

of his might be coupled with it: "It is impossible for a man to be

saved in ignorance."The more one understands about the real

nature of salvation, the more fuliy can he appreciate the truth of this expressive statement. For, what is salvation but the development of the Godgiven faculties or attributes inherent in

man? and the proper cultivation of these attributes is what enables

one to gain true knowledge.

The above is only suggestive of what might be said respecting 964 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the philosophy of Joseph Smith's teachings. The writer has no

desire even to attempt anything like an exhaustive treatise upon the subject, but only wishes to call attention to it. In the Prophet's writings and revelations there are many such gems of wisdom to be found. But it will be far more interesting and profitable for the reader to search out these hidden treasures for

himself than to have them presented to him as the result of some other person's researches. Precious gems, of whatever nature

they may be, are valued more highly through having been gathered by personal effort than if collected through the efforts of others.

As an incentive for young readers to study the revelations given to the Prophet, I would recommend that they carefully read the book of Doctrine and Covenants, and as they proceed, note down with pen or pencil the most striking of the wise maxims or philosophical sayings found therein. Another perusal of the book

might be made for the purpose of noting the prophetic passages.

By submitting it to these tests, it will be found that the book is a mine of unlimited wealth. The time it will take to study it in the

manner suggested, will not be wasted, for the information gained thereby will tend to strengthen one's conviction of the divinity of the latterday Prophet's mission; for one cannot critically examine

his teachings without being impressed with the reality of their divine origin.

LIVE FOR SOMETHING.

Live for something, have a purpose,

And that purpose keep in view;

Drifting like a helpless vessel,

Thou canst ne'er to life be true.

Half the wrecks that strew life's ocean,

If some star had been their guide,

Might have long been riding safely,

But they, drifted with the tide.

Selected.

BISHOP EDWARD HUNTER.

BY OSCAR F. HUNTER, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

V.

ON THE PLAINS AND IN UTAH.

Shortly after the martyrdom, Edward Hunter was ordained a high priest, and on November 23, 1844, he was ordained and set apart as bishop of one of the Nauvoo wards, by President Brigham

Young, Heber C. Kimball and Bishop Whitney, the first named

being mouth. His narrative continues:

"Among the many blessings conferred upon me, I was very much impressed when President Young said, 'You shall have power to raise up the drooping spirit.'When those words were uttered,

a remarkable sensation from the ends of President Young's fingers seemed to enter into my head and permeate my whole body.

"Confirming his words, I continued to act as bishop of the fifth ward in Nauvoo for three years, until I was called away. I

found the members of my ward very liberal, doing all that they could to assist in building the temple. The poor were looked after

and made comfortable. Finally, the temple was finished; the

Saints were receiving a small remuneration for their labors, and we felt to rejoice exceedingly; many obtained their endowments,

'You can't stay here, you mustbut the enemy of the Saints said, find another place to dwell, as your spirit isn't congenial with ours, and we will drive you out of the land.'

"A committee of three was sent from Quincy, Illinois, to arrange for our leaving the country. One of the committee a Mr.

Pearson, who formerly came from Chester county, Pa., my birth966 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

place, said he was acquainted with me. I saw him in the temple.

I said to him, 'How is it that this people can't share the blessings 'Mr.and laws of our country? 'He was confused, and replied.

Hunter, I know you better than you know me; my father's office

was in the same building as yours, when you were acting as commissioner, and if this people were all like you, it would be different.'I said to him, 'You are not acquainted with this people, only

with myself, but I wsh you to understand that there are just as good men as I am, and better, in this community.'He said, 'Your

Church is not popular, and cannot stay here by the consent of the people.'"The Twelve and others of the brethren left, in the winter of 1845 and 1846. I was counseled to remain, but left the next summer; I let part of my property go for an outfit; it did not bring

me onetenth of its value; some I deeded to the Trusteein-trust,

and some I left, making no transfer whatever; which registered a

loss of over fifty thousand dollars to me.

"I moved to Iowa; was taken sick; remained there for about

teamsters; recoveredsix weeks; we were all sick—family and

from our sickness sufficiently to continue our journey to Winter

Quarters; spent the winter fixing up and preparing for the west,

although we suffered with sickness, twelve of the family being prostrate at the same time.

"The Pioneers finally took their departure over a trackless country, uninviting and uninhabited by the white man, having cautiously to feel their way; making friends with the red men of

the forest, and putting their trust in the God of Jacob; building

bridges and making a passable road for those who would follow after them, to the far, western, Rocky Mountains.

"Six weeks after the Pioneers left Council Bluffs, I left with the first company, following in their trail. I was appointed Captain

of our hundred. On our way, we met some Indians who were disposed to be friendly; bought buffalo meat and buffalo robes of

them. It was quite an experience, something new every day

transpiring. Arrived in Salt Lake Valley, September 29, 1847.

Our teams were worn down; but, it being an open winter and there

being plenty of dry feed for our stock, they soon recruited. BreadBISHOP EDWARD HUNTER. 967

stuff was very scarce; we dug segos and other roots for food.

The ground, when irrigated, produced well.

"Our brethren of the Mormon Battalion arrived in Salt Lake

Valley with plenty of gold, but they had no flour, which was worth fifty cents a pound, and could not be bought at any price, as it was not to be had.

"We saw some very close times, being so far away from civilization, and having the crickets and grasshoppers to fight, to prevent their eating up the little we expected to live on; and there

was an influx of gold diggers, who came from the East, on their way to the gold fields of California. We still had hope, and put

our trust in God, as we had left all behind us for the gospel's sake.

We felt thankful for our deliverance, being free from persecutions and mobs. Away from our enemies, surrounded by the strength

of the everlasting hills, we commenced hauling wood from the canyons, and making improvements and cultivating the soil.

"In the fall of 1849, I was called by President Young, with the first company of missionaries that left the Rocky Mountains, to go back to the Missouri River and bring a company of Saints to the Salt Lake Valley. I left October 19, and took with me about

$5000 in gold dust—the first gold deposited in the Philadelphia

mints from California. When ready to return, I found it very

difficult in getting a fitout. Oxen, wagons, and horses had been

bought up, on account of the gold excitement in California. I

finally got fitted out, having wild oxen and green teamsters to contend with. On the fourth of July, 1850, we were ready to make

a start for the west.

"I had a few good men with me who took an interest, and their labors I shall ever remember. While on our journey the

Indians became somewhat hostile, they feeling that their rights were infringed upon, seeing so many traveling over the country.

Unexpectedly, about five hundred young Indian warriors came upon us. We were in camp, and made ourselves ready for defense.

The young braves were very anxious to fight, but their chiefs wanted to counsel with us. It was almost impossible to hold them

back, while we stood ready with our guns at a moment's notice,

A halfand the chiefs and braves were ready on their horses.

breed, who came along with us as a teamster, and was standing 968 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

by my side, raised his gun as if to kill one of the chiefs. As soon

as the Indian chief saw his gun raised, he dropped on the opposite side of his horse, as if to escape death. As soon as this happened

one of my men raised his gun and pointed it at the halfbreed and said, 'You will be the first one to die.'As soon as the young

braves witnessed this, they changed their minds, and, with their chiefs, we smoked the pipe of peace, gave them flour, sugar and provisions; and they left us, feeling satisfied. This was a very

close call, as they had come upon us with the full determination to fight. We had no further trouble with the Indians, and arrived in

Salt Lake Valley on the tenth day of October, 1850.

"My accounts were audited; cattle and outfit were some $700

better than when we started; our stock were in good shape.

President Young was well pleased, and remarked, 'This is the way we will continue to bring our poor brethren to the Rocky Mountains.'

"February 14, 1849, 1 was appointed bishop of the Thirteenth ward of Salt Lake City. April 7, 1851, was appointed successor

to Newel K. Whitney as Presiding Bishop; was set apart by Heber

C. Kimball and Willard Richards, the latter being mouth. At the

same conference, April 6, 1851, I was appointed assistant Trusteein-trust of the Church. I assisted in laying the northwest cornerstone of the Salt Lake Temple, April 6, 1853. I presided over the

fir.t bishop's meeting ever held in Salt Lake City, of which there

is any record. It was in the Council House, June 24, 1851."

The last bishop's meeting which Bishop Hunter attended was in the Social Hall, Thursday evaning, September 13, 1883. He

held the office of Presiding Bishop for over thirtyone years. He

died in Salt Lake City, October 16, 1883, beloved by all the Saints.*

*A character sketch of Bishop Hunter, by Elder John Nicholson will appear in volume six of the Improvement Era, and also a collection of some of his noteworthy sayings.

JESUS CHRIST: THE REVELATION OF GOD/

BY B. H. ROBERTS.

III.

THE CHARACTER GOD REVEALED IN THE LIFE OF JESUS CHRIST.

Having proved from the scriptures that Jesus Christ is God, and the revelation of God to man, I come to another branch of my subject. I now wish to show you that Jesus Christ manifested

God also in his life; and although I have been addressing you for

some time, I am quite sure you yourselves would not be entirely satisfied with the treatise upon this subject, unless I pointed out how God would act under the variety of circumstances in which it is our privilege to behold him acting.

First of all, I call your attention to the deep, the profound humility of God; his great condescension in living among men, as

he did, for our instruction; and from that circumstanca would draw

to your attention the lesson of humility his life teaches. The

heights of glory to which Jesus had attained, the power and dignity of his position in the heavenly kingdom, of course, cannot be comprehended by us in our present finite condition, and with our limited knowledge of things. Great and exalted as we might

think him to be, you may depend upon it he was exalted infinitely higher than that. Then when you think of one living and moving

in the courts of heaven and mingling in the councils of the Gods,

*A discourse delivered in the Tabernacle, Ogden, Utah, Tuesday evening, April 22, 1902, under the auspices of the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Association of the Weber Stake of Zion.

970 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

consenting to come down to this earth and pass through the conditions that he passed through, do you not marvel at his humility?

To be born under such circumstances as would enable wicked men to cast reflection upon his very birth!* To be born, toa, in a stable,

and to be cradled in a manger! To grow up a peasant, with a peasant's labor to perform, and a peasant's fare to subsist upon from

childhood to manhood—do you not marvel at this great humility,

at this great condescension of God? And by his humility, are not

men taught humility, as they are taught it by no other circumstance whatsoever!

Of his youth, we know but little; but the little we know reveals a shining quality, either for God or man to possess. You

must remember, in all our consideration of the life of Messiah, one truth, which comes to us from the scriptures in an incidental way, viz., that "In his humiliation his judgment was taken from him."t

As the veil is drawn over our minds when our preexistent spirits come into this world, and we forget the Father and Mother of the spirit world, and the positions we occupied there, so, too, with

Jesus; in his humiliation his judgment was taken from him; he

knew not at first whence he came, nor the dignity of his station in heaven. It was only by degrees that he felt the Spirit working

within him and gradually unfolding the sublime idea that he was peculiarly and preeminently the Son of God in very deed. When

at Jerusalem, about twelve years of age, he began to be conscious of the suggestions of the Spirit within him, and hence let the caravan with which he had come from distant Galilee to Judea return without him, much to the perplexity and sorrow of his parents. They, missing him, returned and found him in the temple

disputing with the doctors and lawyers. They reprimanded him,

as they would reprimand any boy guilty of similar conduct; but

when they reproved him, he answered, "Wist ye not that I must be about my father's business."He began to understand his mission. The spirit promptings were at work in his soul. And while

ultimately the spirit was given without measure unto him,$ it was

*St. John viii: 41.

t Acts viii: 33.

% St. John iii: 34.

JESUS CHRIST: THE REVELATION OF GOD. 971

not so at first, for "He received not of the fullness at the first, butreceived grace for grace."* The child Jesus "grew, and waxed

strong in spirit, filled with wisdom: and the grace of God was upon

him And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, and in favor with God and man."f But notwithstanding Jesus, at

twelve vears of age, and earlier, began to experience the operations of the Spirit calling his soul to his mission, still we are told that he returned with his parents to Galilee, "and was subject unto them."He who had given the law, "Honor thy father and

thy mother,"in this act exemplified the honor that he entertained for that law, in his practice of it.

We n?xt see him coming to the banks of Jordan, where a

of those strange, eccentric men,prophet of God is baptizing—one

who lived for the most part in the wilderness, whose food was locusts and wild honey, and whose clothing was the skins of wild animals; and yet through all this eccentricity, through all this

oddness of character, shone the divine powers of God in this messenger, and multitudes of people gathered to his preaching by the

Jordan, where he baptized them for the remission of their sins*

By and by, Jesus comes and demands baptism at this man's hands;

Iand as he enters the water, the prophet stays him, and says, "have need to be baptized of thee, and comest thou to me?

Already, doubtless, shining through this "expression of God,"—

this Jesus of Nazareth,—the servant of the Lord, in attune,

through the spirit of inspiration, with the very God who was approaching him, felt the divinity of his presence, and would fain acknowledge his own inferiority. What was the reply? "Suffer

it to be so now: for thus it becometh us to fulfil all righteousness."

He who had said that men must be baptized for the remission of sins, though himself sinless, would honor that law by obedience unto it. Thus we learn that God can not only give law, but he can

obey law. Indeed, only those who know how to obey law are qualified to make it.

Next we shall see how God, in the person of Jesus Christ, manages himself under temptation. After his baptism, he was

* Doc. and Cov., Sec. xciii: 12, 13.

f Luke ii: 40, 52.

972 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

driven of the spirit into the wilderness, where he fasted forty days and forty nights. There under the quiet stars, and in the desert*

he was consecrating his life to the service of God the Father, and gathering to himself those spiritual forces, and calling up those divine powers, that should carry him through the three years of storm and tempest that must be his in the fulfilment of his mission.

When he had reached his greatest point of weakness, when "an hungered,"and fainting from his long fast, whom do you suppose came into his presence to tempt him? No other than his archenemy; the one with whom he contended in the councils of God

before the foundations of this earth were laid, when the great plan full prideof life and salvation was being discussed—Lucifer, in the

of his strength and glory came tempting him. I say Lucifer came

in the fullness of his strength and glory; for I take it that at this

time he had wellnigh reached the pinnacle of his power. We

have seen that he had blinded all the races of men respecting God.

Truly, he held the nations of the world and their glory within his own hands; and the knowledge of the true God was not had among

men. Proudly, therefore, he steps to the side of the weakened

God, to propound certain questions to him. In substance, he said,

"You have had whisperings of the Spirit that you are Deity, that you are the Son of God. If so, exercise your creative power, turn

these stones into bread, and satisfy your hunger. Come, since you

are a God, you must needs have creative powers; try it upon these

stones and hunger no more."God, in the presence of his archenemy, still retained his humility, and said, "It is written, Man

shall not live by bread alone."

After that, Lucifer takes the Christ to the pinnacle of the side upon which goodtemple, and tries him upon another side—a

men are particularly vulnerable, the side of their vanity, that prompts them to believe they are the special favorites of heaven, and that God had given his angels charge concerning them.

Christ's tempter said, ''If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down: for it is written, he shall give his angels charge concerning

thee: and in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time

thou dash thy foot against a stone."Again the Son of God answers in humility, "It is written also, Thou shalt not tempt the

Lord thy God."Because God has given you certain promises, you

JESUS CHRIST: IRE REVELATION OF GOD. 973

apostles, and prophets, and men of God; because you, by your

righteousness, perchance have made yourselves of the elect, it is not becoming that you should be putting God constantly upon trial. "Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God."Walk your

pathway in the light of common sense, and be not puffed up with vanity because there is something special in your relationship with

God.

Lucifer next approaches Jesus upon the side most vulnerable side of ambition. Iof all, in quick and mighty spirits—on the

take it that there have been but few strong men who have not felt the desire to rule, to govern; and not always selfis ly either, or

for personal ends, but sometimes out of an honest thought that they can do somewhat of good for humanity. Even good men may

love power, and may aspire to the righteous exercise of it. It was

upon this side that Lucifer sought to break in upon the virtue of

Jesus. He unveils the kingdoms of the world, which he holds in

his thraldom; he reveals their glory, and the might and majesty

to which men may attain, if only they can grasp the sceptre of some great empire. Now, says he, "All these things will I give

thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me."He who has answered in tones so humble up to this point, and has endured the

taunts and questionings of his great enemy with becoming modesty and humility, now, evidently, feels stirring within him some of those master powers that m ly shake the woild and send the stars out of their courses, "Get thee hence, Satan,"said he, "for it is written,

Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve."The Spirit of the Son of God was aroused, and it was

time for Lucifer's departure, and so he left Jesus, and angels came and ministered unto him. So God deports himself under trial and

! temptation. How splendid the lesson for man

JefUS was possessed of infinite compassion. The incidents

that I shall relate to you, in support of this statement, are in quotations that are free, and yet, I think, justified by the spirit of the occasion. After all, it is the spirit that giveth life; the letter

killeth; so let us look at these things in the spirit of them. You

see him one day with some of his disciples approaching the little village of Nain, "His raiment dusty and his sandals worn."As

they draw near, the gate is opened and a funeral procession 974 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

marches out. The mother of the young man whose body is being

borne by his neighbors to the final resting place, walks feebly and weeping beside the bier, desolate in her loneliness. As Jesus saw

that poor woman, in the midst of her sorrow, his heart—I pray you

think of it, for we are speaking of God when we speak of Jesus heart of God, isChrist, the Creator of heaven and earth—the

moved with compassion towards this woman. He stops the bier,

takes the dead by the hand, and says, "Young man, I say unto thee, Arise."And he arose. Jesus Christ gave this woman back

her son. It was an act of beautiful compassion, one of many,

which illustrates how tender and sympathetic is the heart of our

God!

Nor was his ministry confined exclusively to the poor, to the widows, to the lonely. He despised not rulers, nor the rich; because they were such; but was willing, if only they could put

themselves in a position to receive the manifestations of his comis proved inpassion—he was willing to minister unto them. This

the case of Jairus, one of the rulers of the Jews, and a man of great wealth. You will remember that he came running to the

ill atMaster with his sorrow—his daughter was lying dangerously

home; and such was his faith that if the Master would but speak

the word, she would be healed. While he yet spake, one of his

servants came running, saying, "Thy daughter is dead: trouble

not the Master."But Jesus heeded not the word of the servant.

He had heard Jairus'cry of faith, and, responsive to that faithcry, he made his way to the home of the ruler, put out those who might be unbelieving, and, taking the maid by the hand, gave her back to the gladness of life, into the arms of the joyous father.

The faith of that rich man was as great as the faith of any ve meet with in all the ministry of the Lord. So, wealth is not a

hindrance to faith. God is as close to the rich as to the poor, and

as ready to grant them his mercy, according to their faith; and I

sometimes think we make a mistake when we would flout those who are rich, and put them outside the pale of God's mercy and goodness because they are rich.

While on the way to the ruler's house, another incident happened that is very remarkable. A woman in the throng, a long

time afflicted with a grievous ailment, said in her heart as she saw

JESUS CHRIS1: THE REVELATION OF GOD. 975

him pass, "If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole."

Accordingly, she crowded her way forward, dropped upon her knee, clutched the garment, and received the divine power from'him which cleansed her body and healed her completely. Jesus, observing

that something had happened to him, turned to the apostles and said, "Who touched me? "They replied, "Master, the multitude

throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me? "

as if that was not to be expected in such a crowd. Ah! said

Jesus, but "I perceive that virtue is gone out of me."What was

it? Simply that through this poor woman's faith—who supposed

herself so far removed from God that she dare not come into his presence and ask for the blessing she desired, but undertook to faith and touching theobtain it by indirect means—through her

garment of the Lord, the healing virtues passed from God to her in such a tangible manner that he felt their departure, just as some of you elders, when administering to one who was full of faith, have felt your spiritual strength and life go out from you, leaving you weak and almost helpless, but giving healthful life to the afflicted. I speak to men who have experience in these things,

and I know that scores of you could bear witness to the truth of this phenomenon. If our lives can but touch the life of God,

such is his nature that we shall partake of th9 virtues that go out from him.

What shall I say of lepers who crowded upo.i his presence,

and who, notwithstanding the loathsomeness of that disease, found sympathy and help from contact with him. Wh it of the blind, the

lame, the halt? Why, let us not speak of them; for though it is

a great thing that their bodies should be healed, and they should go through the community singing the praises of him who had restored them, there are better things to speak of—the healing of

men's souls, the purifying of their spirits.

Let us ask rather, how did Jesus Christ deal with sinners? I

take one incident that has always appealed very strongly to me,; forand it illustrates the spirit in which Christ deals with sinners

this God of ours is peculiarly the friend of sinners. The overrighteous Pharisees of Christ's time would not for the world come

in contact with sinful men, lest they themselves should be polluted.

They gathered the robes of their sanctity about them, and con976 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

sidered themselves in such close relation with God that they could afford to despise his poor, unfortunate, sinful children, instead of holding out the hand that would bring them from the kingdom of darkness into the brightness and glory of the kingdom of God.

But not so with Jesus Christ. When he was accused by this class

of men of mingling with publicans and sinners, his answer to them was, "They that are whole need not a physician; but they that

are sick. I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance."As if he had said, you who are righteous and have no need

of healing for sin, stand by yourselves; my mission is not to you,

but to those who have need of God's help. Such was the spirit of

his answer. The incident to which I refer as illustrative of his

compassion for sinners, is this: The Jews were always on the

alert to entrap the Messiah's feet and bring him into contradiction with the law of Moses. The law of Moses, as first given to Israel,

was that if any should be found in adultery they should be stoned to death; but the Rabbis, by nice discriminations of words, practically had rendered that law a dead letter, by reason of which the

adulterers in Israel escaped the punishment that God had decreed against them. Therefore, they thought if they could take a person who unquestionably had been guilty of this crime and bring

him or her into the presence of Jesus, they would either bring him in conflict with the law of Moses, or with the tradition of the elders, and in either case would have sufficient cause to denounce him before the people. So they found a woman, caught in the

act; they dragged her through the streets, and cast her at his

feet. "Master,"said they, "this woman was taken in adultery

in the very act. Now Moses in the law commanded us, that such

should be stoned: but what sayest thou? "He replied, "He that

is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her."One

by one they slunk away, until the woman was left alone with Jesus

When Jesus looked around, and saw none but the woman, he said to her, "Woman, where are thine accusers? hath no man condemned

thee? ""No man, Lord,"she said. Then Jesus said: "Neither

do I condemn thee: go, and sin no more."That is how God deals

with sinners. It is written that God cannot look upon sin with

the least degree of allowance, and that is true, he cannot; but

how about the sinner? Why, he may look upon the sinner with

JESUS CHRIST: THE REVELATION OF GOD. 977

infinite compassion. While the sin must always be hateful, yet

will he help and love the sinner, if he will but go his way and sin no more. Such is our human weakness, and so nearly the level

upon which we all move, that there is none of us but will plead mightily for mercy; and, thank God, we shall not plead in vain;

for, while our judge cannot look upon sin with any degree of allowance, his heart goes out in compassion and love to men, and he will help them to overcome sin, to fight a good fight, to keep the faith, and at the last enable them to win the crown in the kingdom of our God.

Jesus, moreover, was tolerant. You will recall the circumstance of his having to go through Samaria, and you remember

that the Samaritans hated the Jews, and Jesus was a Jew. Some

of his disciples went into a village of Samaria, through which Jesus would have to pass, and sought to make arrangements for the

Master to stay over night; but the Samaritans closed their doors

against him. They had heard of him; he was a Jew; and in the

narrowness of their minds they would not admit the hated Jew into their homes. This very much angered the disciple John, who

loved Jesus dearly. He was one of the "sons of thunder,"and

possessed of a spirit that could love; and being strong in love, as

going to say as is always the case—he is often the case—I was

was likewise strong in hating. He was the type of man that does

both heartily. Hence, ha went to the Master and asked him if he

might not call down fire from heaven upon those Samaritans for thus rejecting the Master. Jesus replied: "Ye know not what

spirit you are of. The Son of Man came to save, not to destroy."

A broadness, a liberality truly glorious.

On another occasion some of the disciples found one casting out devils in the name of Jesus, and they forbade him, because he followed not the Master. When they came into the presence of

Jesus, they reported this case and told what they had done. Jesus

said, "Forbid him not: for there is no man which shall do a miracle in my name, that can lightly speak evil of me."Then he gave

is against us the other half of that truth, "He that is not for me me,"by saying, "For he that is not against us is for us."Thus

he 'corrected the narrowmindedness of his own apostles. But

notwithstanding all his mercy, his tolerance, his patience and gen978 IMPRU VEMENT ERA.

tleness, there were times when he who was so infinitely merciful could also be infinitely just; he who was so infinitely compassionate

could be infinitely severe. I give you an instance of it. He had

struggled long and hard with those hypocrites, (he Pharisees, and finally the voice of justice and reproof, as it is to be found in God, speaks forth through Jesus Christ, and this is what he said;

"Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye shut up

the kingdom of heaven against men: for ye neither go in yourselves,

neither suffer ye them that are entering to go in. Woe unto you, scribes

and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye devour widows'houses, and for a pretense make long prayer: therefore ye shall receive the greater damnation."

That is not so gentle, is it? Listen again:

"Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye compass

sea and land to make one proselyte, and when he is made, ye make him twofold more the child of hell than yourselves. Woe unto you, ye blind

guides, which say, Whosoever shall swear by the temple, it is nothing;

but whosoever shall swear by the gold of the temple, he is a debtor! Ye

fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gold, or the temple that

sanctifieth the gold? And, Whosoever shall swear by the altar, it is

nothing; but whosoever sweareth by the gift that is upon it, he is guilty.

Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gift, or the altar that

blind guides, which strain at asanctifieth the gift?.... Ye

gnat, and swallow a camel! Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye make clean the outside of the cup and of the platter, but

within they are full of extortion and excess. Thou blind Pharisee,

cleanse first that which is within the cup and platter, that the outside of them may be clean also. Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men's bones, and of all uncleanness. TCven so ye also outwardly appear righteous unto men, but

within ye Le full of hypocrisy and iniquity. Woe unto you, scribes and

Pharisees, hypocrites! because ye build the tombs of the prophets, and

garnish the sepulchres of the righteous, and say, If we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets. Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that

ye are the children of them which killed the prophets. Fill ye up then

the measure of your fathers. Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, how

can ye escape the damnation of hell?"

And this from that gentle, compassionate man! The voice of

JESUS CHRIST: THE REVELATION OF GOD. 979

God in its severity speaks through these tones, and bids us understand that it must be a terrible thing to fall under the displeasure of God. Think of the infinite difference between that sweet compassion which he has for the penitent sinner, and this severe but

just arraignment of those who persist in their sins! A warning

to all men to beware of the justice of God, when once it shall be aroused My friends, this Jesus Christ is God manifested in the flesh, proved to be so from the scripture; the character of God is revealed in the wonderful life that Jesus, the Son of God, lived on

earth; in it we see God in action; and from it we see the gentleness, the compassion, and also the justice and severity of God.

jesus Christ is God; and he is also man; but I take no stock in

those sectarian refinements which try to tell us about the humanity of Jesus being separate from the divinity of Jesus. He himself

made no such distinctions. He was divine, spirit and body, and

spirit and body was exalted to the throne of his Father, and sits there now with all the powers of the Godhead residing in him bodily, an immortal, glorified, exalted man! The express image

and likeness of God the Father; for as the Son is, so is the Father.

Yet when we announce to the world that we believe God to be an exalted man, we are told that we are blasphemers. But as long

as the throne of Jesus Christ stands sure, so long as his immortal body of flesh and bones, glorified and everlasting, shall keep his place by the side of the Father, so long will the doctrine that God is an exalted man hold its place against the idle sophistries of the learned world. The doctrine is true. It cannot be unthroned. A

truth is a solemn thing. Not the mockery of ages, not the lampooning of the schoolmen, not the derision of the multitude, not

the blasphemy of the world, can affect it; it will always remain

true. And this doctrine, announced by Joseph Smith to the world,

that'God is an exaltad man, that Jesus Christ is the revelation of

God to the world, and that he is just like his Father, and that those who are his brethren may become as he is, when they have walked in his footsteps—that is a doctrine that will stand sure

and fast as the throne of God itself. For Jesus Christ was manifested in the flesh. He was the revelation of God to the world.

is God. He was and is an exalted man. He

THE PLAY "CORIANTON."

BY S. A. KENNER.

The prehistoric civilization of the American continents is a subject of profound interest, and no little research. Now and then

a fragment, detached and disconnected, but still disclosing some little scrap of information, rewards the diligence of the archaeologist, but is by no means satisfactory to him or to others. It

gives no suggestion of its authorship, its meaning or its purpose;

no key to its mystical tracings is provided; its words, if words

they be, are in an unknown language, one that died long, long ago;

and if any links designed to connect it with modern tongues were left for the use of those to follow, the links themselves have been effaced. This being the case, all discoveries would seem to mean

but the addition of mystery to mystery, to enlarge, as it were, the field of speculation, instead of narrowing it to the limits of present day comprehension. However, the knowledge that those

people lived, had forms of government, and were reasonably if not extensively enlightened, receives additional strength with each additional development; and the scientific world, baffled in its efforts

to penetrate the cloud of mystery enveloping the subject, has plodded along with what it could pick up, nourishing its flagging hopes with the hope that sooner or later "something would turn up"by or through which more satisfactory conclusions could be had. In this attitude of enforced listlessness, it will be observed,

while solutions or even clues were and are eagerly sought, nothing but science need apply; all agencies but thore which appeal to

and are understood by the physical senses have been, and in some reduced measure are yet, strictly excluded.

THE PLAY "CORIANTON."981

While the learned men were guessing and expounding, keeping their wagon hitched to the materialistic star, and eschewing inspiration as well as superhuman agencies of whatever character, there arose, at the beginning of the second quarter of the last century, a youth "to fortune and to fame unknown,"who, though not ignorant, was by no means educated. His name was Joseph

Smith, and he resided in New York, near the town of Palmyra.

He proclaimed a new dispensation of Providence to the people of the world, and, aided by agencies which even the skeptical may understand were not mortal, he found buried on a hillside some golden plates inscribed with hieroglyphics which were to him wholly incomprehensible. But he became invested with a new

and comprehensive faculty of divination, so much so that the complete translation of the legends on the plates was only a matter of manual exertion, and with its publication the missing link between the extinct races and the living ones of our continents was found. The boy's work was at first received with contemptuous incredulity, then with cautious questioning, and, finally, with

general disbelief; while he himself was first laughed at, then

scorned, then mobbed, then plundered, then driven, and finally murdered. But his work remained, and its influence spread.

Little by little, the barriers of incredulity were battered down with reason, justice and investigation entering to remain. As one

unfolding after another, demonstrating the correctness of the book's predictions, came to pass, it became plainer and plainer, to those who were willing to hear and determine impartially, that its historical features must also be founded upon fact, the more so in that at no point and in no place has it conflicted with, but rather corroborated and explained, the developments of archaeology.

And here do we find the foundation, the inspiration, the essence of the play "Corianton."

To some it may seem a peculiar if not incongruous thing that the Book of Mormon should be made the source from which the materials for a dramatic production came. Yet why? History is

and has been a most fruitful field for the dramatist, and many of the plays which have fiction for the warp of the fabric employ historical events for the woof. That it is a norel manner in

which to bring forth characters and incidents long since passed 982 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

into the mists of obscurity, and whose discovery was finally made possible and permitted for religious rather than secular purposes, is of course; yet should it be remembered that there are different

ways of accomplishing great purposes; that whenever it is necessary that information relating to man's past and present status

on the earth be made general, and placed within the reach of all, the processes of distribution may involve means of which we previously were not aware, and cannot all at once comprehend.

"God moves in a mysterious way."The Sphinx still raises its

ungainly head above the shifting sands of the ages which have buried it to the shoulders, and pokes its battered nose into the twentieth century with as much 'frozen effrontery"as when the

Egyptians gave it the last blow of the chisel, and then stood away to marvel at and admire the labor of their hands. It also bears a

message from the ages of the hidden past, but what it is no man knoweth, and itself gives forth no sign or sound; neither did the

stately ruins, the imposing piles, the carved walls, the massive columns nor the mummified remains of the Aztecs, or whatever else the ancient Americans may be called, send along any message to succeeding ages that could be understood, until the man, the times, and the means, arrived. And then the message was published that all might understand it; and, from a segment thereof,

was taken the principal incidents which form the basic principle of the play "Corianton."Those who are disposed to cavil at this,

or to maintain incredulity regarding the divine authenticity of the book itself, should consider the case in all its bearings. They

would then see a free and rational people suffering all manner of violent treatment, and, finally, expulsion from their homes because in, andof their firm and unyielding faith in the tenets laid down history unfolded by, the book; furthermore, sustained by the same

faith and the hope of what it will bring as a reward, the bridging of the vast desert expanse which yawned between the Missouri, and the bringing together of the selvages of Eastern and Western civilization fifty years earlier than it would have been accomplished but for the pioneering work of those people, in the very midst of the otherwise unsettled, dreary waste. Such faith, accompanied

by such works, tell us more plainly than words can do it that more than a belief—a knowledge—of the sanctity and truthful-

THE PLAY "CORIANTON."983

ness of the message, from a people who long antedated the advent of the Redeemer, inspired, upheld and directed the settlers of

Utah, bringing first rude dwellings, then comfortable and finally elegant ones, constituting cities, towns and villages, in nearly all of which there is a temple of the drama, and in two of which has been produced the play which portrays some portions of the sacred writings constituting the corner stone of their religion.

That the book is not followed strictly; that some things in

the sections used have been omitted,and other things which it does not contain are inserted; that the plot as a whole may be somewhat of a departure frjoi the series of events to which the play

relates; that characters in the book do not figure in the drama,

these are of course Exactness to history inand vice versa—all

making up dramatic representations is quite out of the question it is not even thought of. Much as we owe to and respect

recorded events of great moment, in the affairsof peoples, and, notwithstanding our proneness to select some of them now and then to weave a story, a poem or a play, we cannot "tell it all,"because we also owe something to conventionality, and must keep in view the accepted methods which 'control in such cases—using

only such features as are of general interest, and enlarging or diminishing so much as may be necessary without losing or even obscuring the central idea. So it is with "Corianton."In the

play we have with reasonable fidelity the chief circumstances to rightwhich it relates, as narrated in the Book of Mormon—the

eous father Alma, the wayward and the upright son, the former's yielding to temptation through vicious associations, the terrible punishment of the scoffer and blasphemer, the wicked rule of the

Zoramite, the justice and uprightness of the secular judge, the cunning, scheming and vile conspiracies of the enemies of the are all limned with as much accuracy as is possiblegodly—these

it as in anyin a dramatic representation. But those who regard

sense a proselyting medium are astray in their reckoning; but it

may be the means of arousing curiosity, this leading to interest in, and consequent investigation of, the subject to which it relates, and thus be the means of accomplishing other good than merely all indulgeaffording an evening's entertainment. Certainly we can

in the hope that it will be so.

SOME LEADING EVENTS IN THE CURRENT

STORY OF THE WORLD,

BY DR. J. M. TANNER, SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH SCHOOLS.

Aguinaldo's Proposed Visit to America.

Report has it that Aguinaldo, the celebrated Filipino leader, is about to visit the United States. Under the amnesty proclamation of

President Roosevelt, issued July 4, last, Aguinaldo received Ms] full liberty, and may now enjoy all the privileges of travel about his new country that his heart desires. It seems a very natural thing that he

should desire to come to this country. He has evidently read much

about the United States, and then he would like to know something of this strange, fardistant land. He may think he has many sympathizers

here who would be glad to see him, and extend a friendly hand of greeting. At any rate, it is reasonably sure that a visit now to this country

would be a very remunerative undertaking. Curiosity, if not sympathy,

would secure large audiences; and the people would like to know something, from his own words, of the man that has given them so much

trouble in the Philippines.

It is interesting to observe the different opinions and estimations that exist respecting the character and ability of Aguinaldo. They are

governed somewhat, of course, by the division, in this country, of public sentiment on questions of what should be done with the Philippines.

Still, there are various estimates of the man, both here and in Europe, which are the results of conflicting information that comes to us about him. In the first place, his birth cannot be fixed with anything like certainty, and there is even a dispute as to whether he is the son of a Spanish genera) or of a dissolute but learned Jesuit priest. He received a

good education for a boy of his birth and nationality. He is first known

as a house boy. Fortunately, his master was kind, and gave him opportunities to learn and get on in the world. It is said that he was an apt

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 985

boy, and possessed the precociousness of a Malay, the ambitions of a Caucasian, and the memory of a Chinaman. He appears to have drifted about

China and his own native island, and to have served as a Chinese soldier and sailor. He read with preference the history of military heroes of

both Europe and the United States. When his people revolted against

the tyranny of overtaxation, he distinguished himself as a leader of his class, and was at the head of the insurrection of 1896. He and his followers were bought off by money, and by promises of reform in the

Spanish government of the islands. The money was never fully paid,

and the promises were never kept. Hong Kong had been made a place

of refuge by him, as well as of others who continued to plot against the government of Manila. During the time of these plots, the war broke

out between Spain and the United States, and he at once returned to his country, where he became the recognized leader of his people, and a troublesome factor to the United States. That he possessed something of

a Napoleonic magnetism over his countrymen, there can be no doubt.

Considering the elements at his command, he made perhaps as successful a resistance as could be expected.

If he comes, we shall all try to get a glimpse of him, if for no other reason than overcuriosity to see him. It is said that he has picked up

a smattering of Latin, French, English and Chinese, and it is even claimed that he writes and speaks admirable French and Spanish. It may

be, too, a great object lesson to Aguinaldo, and after seeing what a great people we are, and what a wonderful country we possess, he may return to his countrymen and enlighten them also. He might even make a good

campaign document, if he should appear upon the scene at the right moment. The romantic circumstances of his capture are so recent as to be

familiar to all.

There is something of mysterious weaving about the life and character of Aguinaldo, so that he is sure to be an historic personage of the future. For the reason, too, that he is sure to be mentioned in all our

future school histories of the United States, we shall want our children to get a view of him.

The Friars in the Philippines.

Governor Taft's recent visit to Rome to enlist the aid of the Pope in securing the removal of the Friars from the Philippines, has led to unusual interest in the religious orders that are known in the Islands by the collective name of Friars. Who these Friars are, and why they

should be compelled to leave the Islands, are matters of general interest.

In the Catholic church, there are organizations, usually called orders, 986 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

for the purpose of effecting some special mission in the interest of the

Church. The Catholic priests in the Philippines have usually belonged

to one of three orders, the Dominicans, the Augustinians, and the Franciscans. The Franciscans are not permitted by their rules to own

property, but the other two orders that are generally designated as friars owned, at the time the Americans took possession, more than four hundred and three thousand acres of land in the single province of Luzon, and one hundred thousand acres in two other provinces, making a total of more than one half million acres held by these organizations. They

have, therefore, become a body of landowners, and, since 1880, they have been exempt from all taxes on these lands, which they rent out in small parcels to the Filipinos. They also possess enormous wealth, by which

they were able to have the government affairs regulated largely according to their wishes, so that they have also come into possession of great political power. In the town, the friar was about the only man

that could speak Spanish. He was a sort of a judge, jury, landowner,

and village counselor, and carried on affairs very much to his own liking;

and, frequently, exercised the most arbitrary and oppressive authority.

When the Filipinos, therefore, rebelled against Spain, to them the Friars and Spain were synonymous terms. As a result of the oppressions practiced by these religious orders, the Filipinos have come to thoroughly

despise and hate them. There was little or no check upon the exercise

of authority by these Friars, because they were exempt from civil procedure. Filipinos are themselves Catholics, but they look upon the Friars

rather as emissaries of Spain than as religious brethren. In 1898, there

were in the Islands more than six million Roman Catholics. The Moros

are Moslems, and the wild tribes are pagans, in religion. The Filipinos

want these great landed properties divided into small holdings, that they may each own his little farm. It is now proposed by the United States

that these large holdings be purchased, and sold to the Filipinos on easy terms, both as to terms and the time of payment. It is also felt that before peace, or any satisfaction whatever, can come to the Filipinos, the

Friars must go; and the aid of the Pope has been sought for their removal. But the Friars are citizens of Spain, and, by the terms of our

treaty of Paris, they are entitled to all the rights and privileges of other inhabitants of the Islands. It is a perplexing question, but it is believed

that the Friars themselves will not insist on remaining in the presence of so great an opposition to them.

Adjusting History by Statute.

A state legislature has recently passed a bill preventing the use of

CURRENT SToRY OF THE WORLD. 987

any United States school history which does not give to Admiral Schley the credit for the victory at Santiago. That historical question ought

now to be considered authoritatively passed upon. What partisan folly!

what next! How can a legislature thus hope to determine by any enactment a troublesome question of history? But why stop there? Why

not have the legislature settle disputed questions of science and agriculture, and determine whether potatoes planted in the dark of the moon grow best? There is one trifling difficulty, in thus disposing of open

controversies in history or in science. States may not all take the same

view, and if the lawmaking body of Illinois puts Schley in command of the fleet, while an Iowa legislature decides in favor of Sampson, there will be a distinct conflict in the history made by the different states. Of

course, an amendment to the Constitution could be passed, and such troublesome questions of historical disputation be adjusted for all time to come, so far as this country is concerned. What a world of perplexity some legislatures might rescue us from, if they only would!

TOM TIT.

Thou pretty warbler, why so shy,

Art thou afraid of such as I?

Sing on, sweet bird, thy notes are sweet,

I love to see such joy complete.

As fills that little soul of thine,

So tune thy throat with love divine.

If I, sweet bird, could sing like thee,

I'd praise the Lord on earth and sea.

I'd stand upon the highest trees,

And send my notes along the breeze,

To all the creatures on the earth,

And bid them send such praises forth.

Sing on, my soul with rapture bounds;

Tom Tit! I love to hear such sounds

As thou hast warbled forth to me,

Thou emblem of sweet ministrelsy.—Mathonihah Thomas.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

PLURAL WIVES OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET.

A subscriber in Oregon writes: "I have it in the 'Succession

in the Presidency'that the Prophet Joseph Smith had plural wives.

A Josephite preacher proselyting here says that the prophet never had plural wives, and that Brigham Young was the author of the revelation on plural marriage; and the founder of polygamy. In

view of this, will you kindly name the plural wives of the Prophet

Joseph Smith?"

Taking into account the interest in this subject, awakened by a recent article in the Arena, by Joseph Smith, president of the

Reorganized church, and the replies thereto touching the origin of polygamy in America, an answer to the question, is timely and appropriate, although it can be given here only in brief.

I can positively state, on indisputable evidence, that Joseph

Smith was the author, under God, of the revelation on plural marriage. On this subject, we have the affidavit of William Clayton,

private secretary of Joseph Smith, that he wrote the revelation as it was given through the lips of the Prophet, and that he himself sealed to Joseph Smith as a plural wife, Lucy Walker, at Joseph

Smith's own residence, on May 1, 1843. This lady is still living, in

Salt Lake City, and is willing to testify at any moment to this fact.

Following are some of the names of young ladies who were sealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith in Nauvoo, as testified to under oath lifetime of the prophet: Eliza R.by themselves—this during the

Snow, Emily D. Partridge, Eliza M. Partridge, Melissa Lot, Lucy

Walker, Sarah Ann Whitney, Helen Mar Kimball, Fanny Young

EDITOR'S TABLE. 989

(sister to Brigham Young), and Rhoda Richards (sister to Willard

Richards who was with the Prophet at his martyrdom in Carthage jail). All these noble women have testified, under oath, giving

names and dates, that they were sealed, during his lifetime, to the

Prophet Joseph Smith. These facts have been published in

Jenson's Historical Record, and in the Deseret News, in years past;

and I know, by the established and virtuous character of these noble women, that their testimonies are true.

A careful reading of the revelation on plural marriage should convince any honest man that it was never written by Brigham

Young, as it contains references to Joseph Smith himself, and his family, which would be utterly nonsensical and useless if written by President Young. The fact is, we have the affidavit of Joseph

C. Kingsbury, certifying that he copied the original manuscript of

the revelation within three days after the date on which it was written. I knew Joseph C. Kingsbury well. Furthermore, the

revelation was read by Hyrum Smith to a majority of the members of the High Council, in Nauvoo, at about the time it was given, to which fact we have the sworn statements of the members of the High Council. As inquiries on this subject are becoming

very frequent, the publication of these affidavits and facts in pamphlet form or in the Era may be considered.

Joseph F. Smith.

CLOSE OF VOLUME FIVE.

The General Board has great pride and ample cause for thanks to the Lord in the fact that the fifth volume of the Era, which closes with this number, has been the most extensively circulated, We and hence the most successful financially of any yet issued.

believe too that the Improvement Era has been universally read, and more highly appreciated than ever before Words of commendation come from all parts of Zion and the world testifying to the pleasure and profit our readers have experienced in he liave sought to give full value for he perusal of its pages. We

subscription price, and so have given our readers not only all the 990 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

excellent matter promised in the prospectus, but have secured in addition many valuable and interesting articles. In order to insure

the greatest variety, and at the same time give place to the "History of the Prophet Joseph,"and "The Castle Builder,"two of the leading features of this volume, thirtytwo extra pages were added. Thirteen, highclass, page illustrations appeared, and no

pains were spared to secure the best writings obtainable.

In all this, the publishers are reminded that they have so far fulfilled the promises heretofore made, that every cent of profit shall be spent in the cause, or go to the improvement and betterment of our magazine.

The General Board as well as all the other readers of the Era, are greatly indebted to our home writers who have contributed their labors free for our edification and pleasure.

In closing this volume, we do not forget the great help in securing subscribers, rendered by officers of our associations, their labors having always been free. We solicit a continuation of the

appreciated work of both writers and officers for volume six; and

invite our subscribers to forward immediately a renewal of their subscriptions upon the blanks sent. Prompt action will enable the

management to print the required number of magazines to supply all with the complete volume.

Reference is made to the announcement for volume six in this number, with the assurance that every effort will be put forth to makj that volume worthy of the continued patronage of all the young men of Zion.

A STORY WANTED.

The Era will pay $50 for the best story suitable for publication in this magazine. Conditions: The manuscript must be typewritten; it must be in the hands of the editors by January 1, 1903;

it must contain no less than ten thousand words, nor more than twentyfive thousand; it must be signed by a fictitious name, accompanied by a sealed envelope containing the real and fictitious

EDITOR'S TABLE. 991

names with address of the writer; three competent judges hereafter to be named will decide upon its merits; if no story submitted

shall be deemed of sufficient merit, the Era reserves the right to reject all; unaccepted manuscripts will be held subject to the

writers'order.

NOTES.

"What has been done can be done again. Many a noble work at

first set ms impossible."

"Only those who have faced life honestly, and with understanding, can look undismayed into the darker chambers of the soul."

The greatest friend of truth is time; her greatest enemy is prejudice, and her constant companion is humility. Colton.

Sin is only misdirected energy, and sometimes I think that bad folks are good people who have expressed themselves wrongly: that's all.

Elbert Hubbard.

Let none account the mourning for a lost infant slight or soon forgotten. Sorrow for the departed is not always graduated by the value

that the community may have affixed to their lives. The heart has other

gold than that which men weigh in a balance. He who marks in the

cemetery a mound of a span's length, and, carelessly passing on, says, "It was but a babe,"has never been a parent—Mrs. Sigourney.

One of those men who are good enough to keep, but not good enough to promote, once remonstrated with Mr. Armour because another

clerkhad been passed up over his head. "I like you, Will,"the packer

replied frankly; "you are smart, and you should have the making of a

big strong, broadgauged merchant in you; but we don't know just

where to find you all the time. You may be at your desk on the dot and

We never know. And we are not sureyou may be ten minutes late.

when we tell you to do a thing that it is done. You generally do it, but

you are not sure pop."

IN LIGHTER MOOD.

I guess my health is gittin'poor,

Er somep'n er the kin', Fer every mornin', jist as sure (Espechully if it's fine), I git sich offul shootin, pains,

And ma says: "It's jes'cru'l

Ter make 'at poor boy study, with

Sech headaches jes''fore school."

Ma thinks my mind is breakin'down

From learnin'of so much.

She puts wet towels on my head,

An'chopped up ice, an'such, An'tries ter git me off ter bed;

But pa says, he's no fool.

He thinks birch oil's the only stuff

Fer headaches jes''for school.

An'teacher, too, don't symp'thize 'Ith boys wot's feelin'bad, Fer, soon's she sees me mopin in,

She says: "Now, ain't 'at sad

Ter make them suff'rin'children work!

Young man, set on 'at stool An'do them sums."Huh! she makes fun

Of headaches jes''fore school.

'Tis kind'r funny, though, how soon

I'm over bein'sick, An'me an'Jim, (Jim, he gits cramps),

We sneak off down t'the crick

An'go in swimmin.'Gee! We got

A bully divin'pool An'spring board. Gosh! you bet they cure

Them headaches jes''fore school.

An'fishin'too. We got a raft

An'dandy hooks an'lines;

Ketch bullheads, lots—an'sunfish. Say

Down underneath them pines They bite like thunder! Settin'there,

Feet swashin', nice an'cool, Pain's nothin'! Say, d'you ever git

Them headaches jes''fore school?

Chicago Chronicle.

OUR WORK.

GRADING THE ASSOCIATIONS.

The subject of grading our associations should receive careful attention this season. On this topic, the following remarks by Elder

Nephi L. Morris, at our June conference, are of importance:

It is about two or three years since the General Board recommended grading the associations. It is gratifying to see that so many have

done it. We appreciate the fact that in some wards, where the attendance is so small, where the young men meet conjointly with the young

ladies, or where there are not two rooms, grading might be regarded as being impracticable; but I believe it is the universal opinion of those

who have investigated the matter that grading has resulted in great benefit to the associations. We wish to urge again that the brethren

give this careful attention, and that those stakes and wards that have not graded, proceed to do so at once, wherever it is practicable. Some

associations have gone along in a sort of a rut for a long time, and they need some change to [give them new life. You will find an outlet for

your pentup forces in this grading. You must use your judgment in

drawing the line between the junior and senior classes. We suggest

the age of sixteen, but that is not to be followed technically. Take it in

the spirit of the suggestion. Very often you will find boys under sixteen who are very alert mentally, and well posted in Gospel subjects.

Some of them may outshine their more elderly brethren, and are qualified to belong to the senior class. Invite the members to join either the senior

or junior class, as they may feel inclined, and if some younger member shall wish to join with the older ones, you will find that they will soon withdraw, if the work is too heavy for them, and gravitate to their proper level.

We are preparing a new Manual for the junior class, which we trust will be adapted to the mental conditions of the juniors. It will treat on

the Acts of the Apostles. The design is to make it historical rather than

dogmatic, and it will consist more of narrative than of principle; hence,

can be made more interesting to the younger minds.

One chief objection to keeping the association in one class is that 994 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

there is such a variety of minds that it has been almost impossible to adapt the instruction to the different capacities. This is largely obviated by dividing into two classes. Another undesirable thing is large

classes. They are too unwieldy. In all highschools and colleges, you

will find that classes are not allowed to exceed a certain number. Small

classes are desirable, because the instructor can get closer to the pupil, and can adapt his instruction to each mind. In many associations grading has increased the membership, in some cases, fully one hundred per

cent. We earnestly urge this question upon your attention.

USE OF PRELIMINARY PROGRAMS.

The Manual for 1902-3 has outlines for preliminary programs designed to add interest to the general culture feature of our weekly meetings. Presidents of associations should not overlook the importance

of this part of the exercises. At our June conference, Elder Willard

Done said upon this subject among other things:

The field to be covered by our preliminary programs is a very broad one. A few suggestions as to the way in which this work is to

be done. It is expected that these programs shall occupy merely a portion of the time of each meeting; that both the classes, and, wherever

possible, the young ladies also, shall meet together and carry out the program, as suggested in last year's Manual and in the Manual for this year. I say, wherever possible, the young ladies should be brought into

this work. I have found in my travels some little opposition on the part

of the local boards of the young ladies to this kind of thing. Wherever

that opposition arises, the best wisdom of the young men's officers must be used. Wherever practicable, it will be found very profitable to introduce this work before the associations separate for their class work. As

to the kind of material to be introduced, we shall need to be very careful. There are certain kinds of literary productions which would be

decidedly out of place. There are certain kinds of songs that would be

decidedly out of place. I may say, broadly, that anything in the direction of burlesque or horseplay would be out of place. There is a kind

of humor in literature and music that is refined, and very much akin to pathos. Such humor it may be proper to introduce. Some of the

humor of Dickens, of Mark Twain, and other refined humorists, can be introduced into this work; but nothing of a burlesque character. This

work is given at the commencement of our exercises and it is expected to lead the mind in the direction of that devotional feeling of which has been spoken. Wisdom should, therefore, dictate the selection of the

reading and singing and writing, in these programs.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH.

BY THOMAS HULL, GENERAL SECRETARY OF Y. M. M. I. A.

Local—August 17—Robinson Bros, shoe factory, Salt Lake, burned;

loss $18,000 Bishop 0. F. Whitney pronounced an eloquent

eulogy over the body of Judge John Fitch Kinney 19—The

tenth fourday encampment of the Black Hawk Indian war veterans opened at Lehi 25—Apostle Brigham Young underwent a

successful operation at Rexburg, Idaho, for dropsy 26—Apostle Young reached Salt Lake, in a critical condition of health.

27—Catherine C. Young Barstow, born Janurary 10,

1875, died in Salt Lake City. She was the daughter of Apostle Brigham

Young and Catharine Spencer 28—Henrietta Shaw, born

in Nephi, December 6, 1852, died in Ogden 30—The corner

stone of the Judge Memorial Miners'Home and Hospital was laid by

Bishop M. Scanlan, at Salt Lake City Rev. J. L. Albritton

preached his farewell sermon in the M. E. church, Salt Lake.

in Salt Lake and September 1—Labor day was generally observed

Ogden. There were large labor parades "Corianton"was

played in Denver and well received 2—Peter Mortensen,

the murderer of James R. Hay, is sentenced by Judge C. B. Morse to be

shot on Friday, October 17 The N. G. of Utah is encamped

at Lagoon in 35 tents The funeral of Leslie C. Attwood,

who died July 24, while on a mission in New Zealand, was held at Vernal, telephone linemen strike forUintah Co 3—The Salt Lake

National Guard was reviewed by thehigher wages 5—The

Governor and his staff 6—Axel J. Kielland was accidentally

shot and killed by Marion A. Brasher, while returning from Saltair, on

the last train of the season The annual encampment of the

N. G. U. ends Rev. I. N. Moorhead succeeds Rev. Albritton

as pastor of the Salt Lake M. B. church 7—Senator Kearns

returned to Salt Lake from Europe Albert White, aged 55, 996 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

a well known resident of Sandy, Salt Lake Co., died 8

Ann Pickering, born in England, January 26, 1827, came to Utah 1855, a pioneer of Payson, died The public schools opened; in

Salt Lake there was an attendance of 11,300 10—E. B.

Critchlow resigned as a member of the Salt Lake Board of Education...

The 22nd annual reunion of the Telegraphers opened in Salt

Lake 11—Henrietta Landrum Dotson, wife of W. T. H.

Dotson, died in Minersville At the Republican State convention, held in Ogden, Hon. Joseph Howell, of Cache Co., was

nominated for Congress; Judge W. M. McCarty, of Sevier Co., for

supreme judge; and Hon. James H. Anderson was chosen state chairman.

Senator A. J. Beveridge, of Indiana, spoke 12—Mary Todd,

born in Scotland, 1827, came to Utah in 1854, mother of Douglas M.

Todd, died in Farmington Henry H. Harris, aged 74, died in

Sugar Ward 14—At the Salt Lake Stake conference Apostle

John Henry Smith tells of his recent visit to Nauvoo, 111 at Provo nominated Hon. W. H.16—The Democratic State convention

King for Congress, Major Richard W. Young for the supreme bench, and

elected Hon. F. J. Cannon chairman of the state committee

Since last November there have been fifteen people killed in Salt

Lake at the hands of people who carried weapons unlawfully. It is

Sharp, a striker, is killed in aan unprecedentedDomestic.—Augustcarnival18—Edwardof crime.

clash between miners and deputies at Nesquehoning, Pa.; troops are

Charles M. Schwab denies that he is seriousasked for..19—

ly ill, and says he will not resign as president of the U. S. Steel Corporation 20—The naval war game between two parts of the

North Atlantic squadron begins off Rockport, Mass 22

President Roosevelt visits Hartford and speaks on the Philippines and battleship Maine has an officialtheir government 23—The

trial and makes 18 knots an hour President Roosevelt speaks at Providence on trusts 24—Governor Taft resumes his

official duties in the Philippines; on the 18th, Americans were attacked

on Minandoa. General Chaffee urges an aggressive campaign on

the island, and is ordered to go ahead. On the 19th the Sultan

issued a note of defiance to Americans 25—Continuing his

New England tour, President Roosevelt speaks in Boston The

Cruiser Boston is ordered to Panama 26—General Miles is

ordered to the Philippines on an inspection tour 27

Twenty Filipinos perish in earthquakes in Minandoa. No Americans

occur between troops and rioterswere killed 28—Conflicts

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 997

in Panther Creek Valley, Pa 29—BrigGen. Corbin, commanding the National Guard in the anthracite coal fields, issues a "shoot

to kill"order, in the hope of restoring tranquility The mimic war game between the army and navy begins 30

President Roosevelt in his tour of New England makes several short speeches, and is everywhere received with enthusiasm.

September 1—Bishop Farley, of New York, succeeds the late Archbishop Corrigan Labor day is generally observed with workingmens parades and picnics 2—In the mimic war on the

New England coast, the navy achieves a victory by silencing the forts, in the attack on Long Island Sound entrance 3—President

Roosevelt narrowly escapes death in a collision between his carriage and in thea trolley car near Pittsfield, Mass 4—The strike

bituminous coal fields of West Virginia is declared off President Roosevelt leaves Washington for his southern trip

Commander McRta's report on the disturbances in Haiti shows that the interests of six European nations are under the protection of the United

States 6—The President speaks at Wheeling, West Virginia,

on trusts The naval and military maneuvers end

President Roosevelt visits Chickamauga Park and the battlefields around

Chattanooga 8—There are $573,936,194 in the treasury

vaults of the United States, a greater sum of gold than at any previous time in the history of the country. The National bank circulation is

fires also the largest, amounting to $363,626,206 11—Great

are raging in the Beaumont, Texas, oil fields Great forest fires, rendering hundreds homeless, are raging in Oregon and Washington 12—The wife of Senator W. M. Stewart, of Nevada, was killed

S. Stratton,in an automobile accident in San Francisco 14—W.

the Colorado multimillionaire, died at Colorado Springs

There was a general observance of McKinley memorial day in many parts of the country Eleven people perish in forest fires in

Oregon, and many are incinerated in fires near Kalama, Wash.; property

loss approaches two millions.

is sent to protect governForeign.—August 19—A British cruiser

ment interests in Columbia Turkey has failed to keep her financial promises to the United States, and strained relations result

The Boer generals leave London to visit exPresidents Kruger and Steyn 20—Queen Wilhelmina, of Holland, invites

Generals Botha, De Wet and Delarey to visit her The Ger21—Three man budget for the year shows a deficit of $12,125,000

thousand Colombian troops are sent to defend the Isthmus of Panama 998 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Cedric, the largest passenger liner afloat, is launched in

Belfast for the White Star line 23—The Chinese government

issues an edict for the punishment of the assassins of two missionaries.

fighting is reported from Venezuela 25—Serious

The Transvaal legation in Europe is abolished 26—Victor

Emmanuel of Italy goes on a visit to the Kaiser 28—Cholera spreads in Japan, Java and China The King of Italy

enters Berlin in state M. Guide, papal auditor, is appointed

apostolic delegate to the Philippines 30—Fierce fighting

is reported in Haiti Mt. Pelee is again in eruption, and

many lives are lost; cable communication with Martinique is interrupted

is spreading, 31—Rebellion in Szechuan province, China,

and foreigners are in danger.

September 1—Reports give the number of dead from the second

eruption of Mt. Pelee as 2000 Colombian government troops

reinforce the garrison of Panama 2—The Emperor and

Empress of Germany are received with unexpected cordiality in Posen, the chief city in Polish Russia The Sultan repeals the drastic laws in Armenia 5—Boer generals hold a conference with Colonial Secretary Chamberlain Prof. Rudolph

Virchow, born October 13, 1821, the wellknown founder of cellular visits Andrewpathology, died in Berlin 6—King Edward

Carnegie at Skibo castle A settlement is effected of the

American contentions with the Sultan of Turkey 8—The

Kaiser at Pottsdam entertained 110 guests, among whom was MajorGenerals Corbin and Young, and BrigGeneral Wood, U. S. A

10—Russia objects to the English in Manchuria. 12—The

people,German Army maneuvers end 14—Twenty thousand

assembled in Phoenix Park, Dublin, protest against the proclamation placing the city under the Crimes act.

jt&ood booA- /s //Ace a yood name - SetterMart r/c/ies.

Improvement Era

ORGAN OF

YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS.

VOLUME FIVE.

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

"What you young people want, is a magazine that will make a book to be bound and kept, with something in it worth keeping."—President John Taylor.

EDITED BY

H. ANDERSON. JOSEPH F. SMITH AND EDWARD

BEBEK J. GRANT AND THOMAS HULL, MANAGERS.

SALT LAKE CITY.

19011902. be Glory of God is Intelligence.

Improvement Era, Vol. V.

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

Achievement 114 Punishment of Indolence,

Active Life, The 64 The 104 Adam, Our Father 873 True to His Old Friend 105

Adjusting History by Statute 986 Choosing an Occupation 212

Advice on Marrying 200 Christ's Ascension 151

Aeromobiles 227 Christmas Eve in Paris 207

Aguinaldo's Proposed Visit to Columbia's Little Sister 704

America 984 Conflicting Meetings 476

Affairs in China 57 Conventions, Annual 906

And Then? 365 Coray, Martha Jane Knowlton 439

AngloJapanese Treaty, The.. 464 "Corianton,"The Play 980

Announcement 390 Cornerstone of Character,

Author of The Castle Builder 808 The 499

Corrections in Lessons III and

Be Strong 350 V of the Manual 311

Better Plan, The 594 Cuba 710 Better Way, The 388 Cuba and the Tariff 385

Bits of Recent Farm Science.. 293 Cuba's Woes 303

Boers, The 387... 104Book Mention 233, 633, 901 Definition of Character, A

Book of Mormon, Some ObDegrees of Glory, Relatingto 390 jections to the, Answered.. 339 Dissolving Doubts 106

Bureau of Information and Do Something During SumChurch Literature 899 mer 557

Dream, A 194 Can a Father who Does not Dying Christian to His Soul,

Hold the Priesthood Bless The 17 his Child in Fast Meeting?475 Editor's Table:

Castle Builder, The 21, 108, 175 Active Life, The 64 265, 351, 425, 509, 576, 664 Announcement 390 770, 843, 945 Author of "The Castle

Charity and Arithmetic 260 Builder,"The 808

Characteristics of Deity Better Way, The 388 from a "Mormon"ViewBook Mention 233, 633, 901 point 29,119 Bureau of Information and

China 387 Church Literature 899

Choice Selections: Close or Volume Five 989

Definition of Character, A.. 104 Evils of Mortgaging 147

Dissolving Doubts 106 First Presidency, OrganizaGive the Boy a Chance 105 tion of the 63

On Marriage 107 Hobbies 471 IV INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE PAGE

Hull, Thomas 718 Fourth of July Oration 692

In Memory of a Pioneer... 627 Friars in the Philippines 985

Marriage GodOrdained and Sanctioned 713 General Improvement Fund... 154

I. A. Missionaries 73 Modern Revelation 805 General M.

Give the Boy a Chance 105 Parents Should be Consulted 307 God Cares for Me 206

Plural Wives of Joseph Grading 72

Smith, the Prophet 988 Great Conflict, The 939

Priesthood and Its Officers, Grading the Associations 993

The 549 Great Judges 891 Rebate, The Era, Five Per Grievances of the Poles, The.. 306

Cent 68 Growth of the Church 378

Redemption Beyond the Have a Purpose in Life 288

Grave 145 Hints to Class Teachers 314

Roberts, B. H 551 History of the Prophet

Smith, Joseph, the Prophet 232 Joseph 1, 3, 81, 161, 241, 321

Snow, President Lorenzo... 58 401, 481, 561, 641 737, 817, 913

Snow, Lorenzo, Tribute of Hobbies 471

Respect to 69 Holy Ghost Prior to the Day "Stars"of Europe 311 of Pentecost, Bestowal of

Step in the Right Directhe 474 tion, A 468 How It is Done in Japan 881

Story Wanted, A 990 How Shall We Find the SabSuperstitious Practices 896 bath of Profit? 500

Sympathy with Criminals... 803 How to Treat Secret Offense.. 476

Vitality and Patent MedHull, Thomas 718 icines 624 Hunter, Bishop Edward 609

Way to Build Home and 700, 784, 868, 965

Character, A 66 Where and How Counsel "I Am So Sorry"786

Should be Sought 230 I Wandered in the Mountains 767

Illustrations:

Era, A Word About the 315 Anderson, Nephi 737

Escalante and Dominguez 612 Bureau of Information

Evening Song 867 Building 817 Events of the Month 76, 157, 236 Coray, Martha Jane Knowl316, 397, 477, 558, 637, 732, 814 ton 401 909, 995 Grant, Apsotle Heber J.... 241

Evils of Moitgaging 147 Hull, Thomas 641

Execution of Czolgosz, The... 141 Hunter, Bishop Edward 561

Exports to the Orient 800 Mission Life in Japan 528

Fame 20 "Mormon"Mission Quarters "Father's Business"217 in Japan 449

First Governor of the State Roberts, B. H 481

of Utah, Heber M. Wells... 49 Smith, Lucy 161

First Presidency, OrganizaSmith, Joseph Fielding 81 tion of the 63 Snow, President Lorenzo... 1

H... 321Forty Years Ago—Memories Vaughn, Gov. Vernon

for Decoration Day 590 Wells, Gov. Heber M, 49

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE PAGE

In Lighter Mood 71, 313, 396. Mutual Improvement Associa636, 992 tions, Importance and

In Memory of a Pioneer 627 Growth of 730

In My Father's House are Mutual Improvement AssociaMany Mansions 601 tions, Seventh Annual ConIn the Footsteps of the Faference of the 721,810, 902 thers 373 My Flower of Love 371

In the Providence of God 195 Irrigation Law, An Important 799 Natural Bridge of Arizona,

Is Baptism Essential to SalvaThe 220 tion? 603 Nature in the Trust Business 686

Isthmian Canal, The 305 New Republic, The 547

Isthmus of Panama, The 456 Notes.. 70 152,234,395, 555, 635

Japanese Divorce, A 227 Japanese Life, Some Features Old High Hat, The 144 of 449, 523 On Choosing Life Models 162

Jesus Christ: The Revelation On Marriage 107

of God 787,886, 969 Ordination of Orrin P. RockJews, The Gospel to the 311 well 309

Jews, Gathering of the 628 Our New Territory 300

Just Be Glad 783 Our Work:

Conventions, Annual 906 King Alphonso XIII. of Spain, 712 Do Something During SumKing Edward, The Postponed mer 557

Coronation of 801 Era, a Word About the 315

Know Thyself 522 General Improvement Fund 154

General M. I. A. MissionLife in the Orient 291 aries 73

Life Worth Living, The 890 Grading 72

Liquor Problem, The 142 Grading the Associations... 993

Long Distance Wireless TeleHints to Class Teachers... 314

graphy 302 Manual, The New 556

Lord's Prayer 301 Missionary Work, ImportLos Angeles in the lead 466 ance of 153

Missionary Work, ResponsiManual, The New 556 bility of Officers in 155

Marriage God Ordained and Mutual Improvement AssoSanctioned 713 ciations, General ConMarriage Statistics 891 ference of the 556

Messages From Japan 288 Mutual Improvement AssoMission Work in Germany 705 ciations, Importance and

Missionary Work, Importance Growth of 730 of: 153 Mutual Improvement AssoMissionary Work, Responsiciations, Seventh Annual

bility of Officers in 155 Conference of the.. 721, 810

Modern Revelation 805 902 Mutual Improvement AssociaPreliminary Programs, Use 994 tions, General Conference of of the 556 Saltair and Temperance 731

VI INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE PAGE

Panama Canal, The 800 Preliminary Program Selection:

Parable, A 528 Dying Christian to His Soul,

Parents Should be Consulted 307 The 17

Passing of the Year, The 171 Fame 20

Personal Rights, A Decision Song of the Shirt, The 18 on 893 Priesthood and Its Offices 549

Philosophy of Joseph Smith's Priesthood of Sidney Rigdon,

Teachings 962 The 309 Pleasant Manners 299 Prime Ministers, England's

Plural Wives of Joseph Smith, Change in 892 the Prophet 988 Prince Henry's Visit 465

Poetry Procrastinator's Lullaby, The 229

Achievement 114 Prophecy Fulfilled 115

Better Plan, The 594 Prophet Joseph, Recollections

Be Strong 350 of the 943 Columbia's Little Sister 704 Punishment of Indolence, The 104

Dream, A 194 Dying Christian to his Soul, Questions and Answers.. 149 309

The 17 390, 473, 553, 628, 718

Evening Song 867 Questions on Tithing 310

Fame 20 Railways, Government Owner-

I Am So Strong 786 ship of 53 I Wandered in the Mountains 767 Read Slowly and Think 338

Just Be Glad 783 Rebate, The Era, Five Per

Live for Something 964 Cent 68

My Flower of Love 371 Redemption Beyond the Grave 145

Old High Hat, The 144 Reinforce Yourself 184

Passing of the Year, The... 171 Remedy for Worry, A 367

Prayer 503 Reply to Roberts'View of

Procrastinator's Lullaby, Diety 759, 856

The 229 Rest 880 Rest 880 Results of Obedience 540

Song of the Shirt, The 18 Rhodes, Cecil 545 "Sowing Wild Oats"381 Roberts, B. H 551

Those Fragments of Truth.. 663 Roosevelt, President 51

Three Sonnets 768 Tom Tit 987 Sacrament, Administering the 473

To the Loser 455 Sacrifice 681

Waiting 588 Saltair and Temperance 731

Watchman, What of the Sampson, Admiral 622

Night? 102 Should Church Associations

Poetry: Is it out of Date?... 529 Pay Tithing? 310

Illustrations Situation in the Philippines,Portraits—See

Praising One Organization to The 383 the Detriment of Another... 475 Smith, Joseph, the Prophet... 232

Prayer 508 Smith, Joseph Fielding 131

Preaching Without Purse or Snow, President Lorenzo 58

Scrip 149 Snow, Tribute of Respect to

Preliminary Programs, Use of, 994 Lorenzo 69

INI EX TO SUBJECTS. tm

PAGE

Some Leading Events in the South Africa 56, 225, 304

Current Story of the World: South Africa, Peace in 708

Adjusting History by StatSouth Africa, The War in... 621

ute 986 Spirit of Modern Education,

Aeromobiles 227 The 619 Affairs in China 57 Stone, Miss Ellen 139

Aguinaldo's Proposed Visit Suez Canal and European to America 984 Trade, The 55 Anglo - Japanese Treaty, Sugar 548

The 464 Transportation by Canals.. 54

Boers, The 387 Troubles in Greece 226

China 387 Vast Contributions to EduCuba 710 cation 302

Cuba and the Tariff 385 Volcanic Eruptions in the

Cuba's Woes 303 West Indies, The 620

Execution of Czolgosz, The 141 Why Not? 224

Exports to the Orient 800 Zionism 386

Friars in the Philippines, Some Sources of Water SupThe 985 ply 595

Great Judges 891 Song of the Shirt, The 18

Grievances of the Poles, South Africa 56, 225. 304

The 306 South Africa, Peace in 708

Irrigation Law, An ImportSouth Africa, The War in 621 ant 799 Sowing Wild Oats 381 Isthmian Canal, The 305 Speaker's Contest: Sacrifice.. 681

Japanese Divorce, A 227 Spirit of Modern Education,

King Alphonso XIII of Spain 712 The 619

King Edward, the Post- "Stars"of Europe 311 poned Coronation of 801 State Exhibition of Art FaLiquor Problem, The 142 brics 280

Long Distance Wireless TelStep in the Right Direction, A 468 egraphy 302 Stone, Miss Ellen 139

Lord's Prayer 301 Suez Canal and European

Los Angeles in the Lead... 466 Trade, The 55

Marriage Statistics 891 Sugar 548

New Republic, The 547 Superstitious Practices 896

Our New Territory 300 Sympathy with Criminals 803

Panama Canal, The 800 Personal Rights, A Decision Ten Lost Tribes, The 719 on 893 Testimony and Instructions... 201

Prime Ministers, England's Theism vs. Atheism 422

Change in 892 Thompson, Benjamin—Count

Prince Henry's Visit 465 Rumford 185

Railways,Government OwnThose Fragments of Truth... 663

ership of 53 Three Sonnets 768

Rhodes, Cecil 545 To the Loser 455

Roosevelt, President 51 Transportation by Canals 54

Sampson, Admiral 622 Tribute to Mother 222

Situation in the Philippines, Troubles in Greece 226

The 383 True to His Old Friend 105 mtt INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE PAGE

True Riches 573 Water Baptism Among the IsTrying to Cheat Others raelites, Object of 718

Cheating Oneself 364 Way to BuildHome and CharTwo Wreaths, The 661 acter, A 66

Were All the Unsealed RecUnexpected Testimony to the ords of the Book of MorStrength of "Mormonism,"mon Translated? 393 An 368 What Address Will It Be? 543

Vast Contributions to EducaWhere and How Counsel tion 302 Should Be Sought 320 Vitality and Patent Medicines 624 Who is Athirst May be SupVolcanic Eruptions in the plied 574

West Indies, The 620 Why Children are Baptized

Waiting 588 When Eight Years Old 553

Why Not? 224Was It Predisposition or Acquirement? 441 Words Inspired By the Spirit 16

Watchman, What of the Young, Zina D. H 43 Night? 102

Watchmen, What of Your Charge? 460 Zionism 386

INDEX TO AUTHORS.

Alder, Lydia D 102 207, 588 Hillis, Rev. Newell Dwight.. 106

Anderson, Bertha E 171 206, 255, 635

Anderson, Edward H..49 58, 131, Hinckley, Bryant S 812, 906

551, 727, 808 899, 906 Hood, Thomas 18

Anderson, Nephi 21, 108, 175 Home, Alice Merrill 280 265, 351, 425, 509, 576 Hubbard, Elbert 395 664 770 843, 945 Hull, Thomas, 76, 157, 236, 317

Brimhall, Geo. H 906 397, 477, 558, 637, 732, 812

Brooks, Phillips 555 814, 906, 909

Chamberlin, W. H 456 Hunter, Oscar F...609, 700, 784

Clark, Ezra T 201 868 965 Clawson, Rudger 378, 813 Hyde, W. A 528, 692

Clegg, Brigham 681 Jenson, Andrew 309

Cluff, W. W 217 Kenner, S. A 260 980

Cowley, M. F 107, 393 Kimball, J. Golden.... 153, 724 906

Crocheron, Geo. W....16, 234, 508 Kiser, S. E. 704

Done,Prof. Willard 718,719,812,994 Lambourne, Alfred 768

Elton, David H, 574 Lewis, Martha J. C 439

Greene, Col. A. R 627 Lund, Anthon H 549

Grant, Brigham F 725 Lyman, Richard R 904

Grant, Heber J 288, 540, 729 McMurrin, Jos. W....155, 368 726

Higginson, Ella 786 Markham, Edwin 364, 635

INDEX TO AUTHORS. IX

PAGE PAGE

Martineau, James H 115, 880 Smith, Jesse W 705

Merrill, Lewis A 212 Smith, Lucy 3, 81, 163, 241

Mitton, Sarah E 594 321, 401, 481, 563, 641, 737,

Moore, John T 114 817, 913 Morris, Nephi L 992 Morton, Wm. A 603 Tanner, H. S 810

Naisbitt, Henry W 460, 939 Tanner, Dr. J. M 51, 139, 224

Nibley, Joel 601 300, 383, 464, 544, 619,701,

Nicholson, John 390, 474, 628 799, 891, 984

Owen, Rulon M 422 Taylor, Alma O. 291, 449, 523

Parry, Edwin F 172, 962 881 Pearson, Sarah E 194 Taylor, Frank Y 373, 723

Penrose, Charles W 873 Taylor, Lucy Y 195

Pope, Alexander 17, 20 Thomas, Mathonihah 867

Prentice, Ida 299 Thomas, Col. R. M Bryce 500

Todd, Douglas M 811 Richards, L. L. Greene...381, 943 Van Der Donckt, Rev. C..759, 856

Roberts, B. H. 29, 119, 339, 721

787, 887, 969 Ward, J. H 543, 590, 661

Robinson, Ezra C 220 Welchman, A.P 663

Rodey, Hon. B. S 635 Wells, Emmeline B 43

Sloan, W.J 365 Whitney, Orson F 529

185, 293, 595 Small, John H 890 Widtsoe, Dr.John A

686Smith, Prest. Joseph F 1, 145

Woodruff, J. Lloyd 767 147, 230, 307 388, 468, 471, 549

573, 624, 713, 730, 803, 805 896, 902, 988 Young, Major Richard W 612

G0.,ioe.;; D. 0. GRItDEH'S SOJiS)

THE PIOflBEft KTUSIC DEflliBHS Qp UTAHthe renowned We handleSTBINWHY which is a guarantee of our Business Standing, also J J

X the well known 1asoN & HfllviuiN, X and the People's Favorite, the

KIMBRlib PIANO.

Come and hear the APOLLO PIANO PLAYER, the Latest and f.

4547 West 1st South Street, Salt Lake City,,.>,,,,. * ** * ************* Your ++++++>>Attention!

o1 Is called to our advertisement that will appear with i R will then put the next issue of the new Era. We

-* A before the public inducements in prices, quality and T c j quantity, never equalled in the city.

The increase in our business in the last sixty days * N made it necessary to enlarge our facilities, and we I T X can now assure prompt delivery anywhere in the city.

* I

1 N MARRIOTT'S MARKET,. 2224 West First South St.

'Phones 282 and 23o.

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERT ISEBS PLEASE MENTION THE ERA.)

HE MUFFED IT PREJWIUIHS FOH

If he did not get our Catalogue of SOAP WRAPPERS.BASE BALL GOODS.

How would you like to obtain—absolutely free of charge—a handsome clock;

a Rochester lamp or a dozen Turkish towels? You can do it. All you need do

is save your DiamondT"

wrappers. When you have 50, 100, 200,

Also remember we head 500 or more, send them to us and we will the procession in Shooting forward you a premium you will be proud of; something that will be both ornamentGoods, Fishing & Sporting useful. al and Tackle, Camping and Out Write for premium book, picturing

ing supplies of all kinds. many and describing all of the 300 preOur Catalogue is free, miums which we give for wrappers.

send for one. J- J> J>

THE ClMjiY PACKING CO.

Browning Bros. Co. Premium Store, 317 So. Main St.

2461 Washington Ave., - - Ogden, Utah. Salt Lake City, Utah.

Oregon Short Line Railroad

Operating 1121 Miles of Railroad through the Thriving 8tates of

DTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONLY ROAD To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

Pour Daily Trains between SALT LAKE CITY and OGDEN. The POPUIiAR

LINE to all Utah Mining Districts. The Only Road to MEROUR.

The Fastest Service to All Points East.

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE "SHORT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

City. City Ticket Office, No. 100 West Second South St., Salt Lake

7. M. SCHUMACHER, General'Tronic Manayer. D. E. BURLEY, Gen. Pass, and Ticket Agt

W. H. BANCROFT, VicePrest. and General Manager.

(WHEN WETTING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE ERA.)

YOU ARE DELUDING YOURSELF Telephone 351. WHEN YOU SAY,

Jos.Wm.Taylor,

UTAH'S LEADING UNDERTAKER "A Telephone

AND LICENSED EMBALMER.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parwould be of lor, Show Rooms and Morgue.

OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.

21, 23, 25 South West Temple St. no use to me

SALT LAKE CITT, UTAH.

at the house/ TRY IT AND SEE.

ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN, Ask any of your many COUNSELORAT-LflW.

friends who have it. U. S. Supreme Court, Registered Attorney U. S. Patent Office, United States and

Foreign Patents, Caveats, Trade Marks and

Copyrights.

ONE DOLLAR PER MONTH IS No. 700 7th Street, N. W.

Opp. U. S. Patent Office. WflSHINQTON.D.C TOO CHEAP TO REQUIRE ARGUMENT.

MISSIONARIES

should write to or call on the SALT LAKE KNITTING WORKS The Leading for their Music Dealers... HOSIERY, UNDERWEAR AND "GARMENTS'*

before leaving for PIANOS * OKGflflS We have a full linetheirof fields of labor.

WHITE SHIRTS, HOSIERY, NECKWEAR.

Our Specialty is KNITTED "GARMENTS."

We have them In Cotton from $1.00 up

and in Wool from $1.75 up.

ORDBR BV 2VSWIL FR2BS US.

When ordering "Garments"send your height, weight, chest measure and length of sleeve to

Salt Lake Knitting Works, Salt Hake City, Utah C. H. THORSTEflSH, JKQV.

CATALOGUES FREE. directors:

J. A. Hendrickson, President

- - Joseph F. Smith, VicePresident m ]m

DUTIES, j 7AIf Mainmam Stoi. pj Hull JR., ManagerThomas

Rudger Clawson M. Christopherson

(When writing to advertisers please mention this paper.)

young LaQiBs Particularly

are interested in the fact that the choicest spring'

Si and summer DESS GOODS AflD JiOVEIiTIES X are at Z. C. M. L, where prices are the lowest in

the city, quality of goods considered. Everything

x you want, from a FINE LACE HANDKERCHIEF TO A COMPLETE TAJLORMADE SUIT.

all in the finest weaves and latest styles, at

- g - WEBBER, Sapt. | I M t Z. Ot 7ft

******************* * **** * A **** * A ******** **rt

i CO. H- K- THOJWAS DHY GOODS

I ADVANCE SALE!

off. J Ladies'Coats 50 per cent

Ladies'Suits per cent off. * 33

off. | Ladies'Furs 25 per cent

RH IMMENSE

SAHH OH

It DRESS GOODS, 21ER CENT OF* j** V V *********AMMM*******