ement N**

Return Postage Guaranteed—Salt Lake City, Utah

1r******** Hiii-a<H Men and Gleaner Girls M You May also Win

f.**...x**<v<*?*SsxJ v

SPEECH ONTEST WINNER 4. m MEN SPEECH CONTEST WINNER II leNERClRL

it k P

./ /i7f/m//(mt</ffmk0i)'fSimimk//

.ax.—|--*-r'jf

These are cuts made from the certificates which were Mary D. Thomas, of the L. D. S. Institute, Pocatello,

presented to Merrill Wood, of Farmington, Utah, and Idaho.

Each Award Has a Value of $86.50

The Improvement Era, in order to encourage the highest type of work in the field of speech has arranged to repeat this offer in 1934.

DETAILS OF SPEECH CONTEST

1. All M Men and Gleaner Girls eligible under the contest rules, and a typewritten copy of the winning

M. I. A. Speech Contest rules (see M. I. A. Handbook) speeches must be furnished The Improvement Era at the

are eligible to participate. conclusion of the June Conference, 1934.

2. Speeches must be prepared in accordance with 3. To the winners The Improvement Erajvttl Muxird

iI The Improvement Era-B. Y. U. Scholarships

I Cash Value $86.50 I

entitling the holder to one year's paidup tuition, a student- 4. Contestants are to enter in the regular way in their

body card, and all other privileges offered to regular students own wards and must go through the regular routine by Brigham Young University. outlined in the M. I. A. Handbook.

Read Tlh Im proveimeetl: Era

"A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY"

|LM<><0

ffhe mproi>eme/Tt JULY, 1933 HarrisonHeberR. Merrill,J. Grant,ManagingEditor Editor Volume 36, Number 9 ERAElie Talmage Brandley Asso. Editor

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement Associations and the Department of Education

EDITORIALS FORECAST Letter from President Heber J. Grant 544

T EPROSY has always been a Susa Young Gates Bhie T. Brandley 545

dread disease, in the western ARTICLES world, chiefly because of the ref- A Word of Appreciation from the First Presidency 515 517 Card Rega Mission Square Temple The It it in Bible. the toerences may 518 Green States Mission Eastern The Orson-—Horace the that learnsurprise to some 520 Alice Home M. Frontispiece The Biblical chardisease dreaded so by 527 Madsen in California Cuma of Mormonism Growth The

all. atacters leprosy not was Ostlund 529 Doiv States Mission Northwestern

Virginia Jacobsen in the August TheRevolt Against God"B. H. Roberts 530

number of The Improvement The Central States Mission Samuel O. Bennton 533

Era tells the story of the connecThe Canadian Mission. John V. Bluth 537

539 Ivins R. Antoine Mission Mexican The the Daincs,tion of Dr. Lyman 541 Welling Arthur States Mission Central North The with hasUniversity Utah, of had 542 Houston J. E...-..Clyde and Biddulph Mission Netherlands The in Louisiana.the colony Leper 543 Loscher P. and P. Borgquist Parley Missions American South The the a Daines, ofDr. Genmember Woodruff Elias 547 A. States Mission Western The

I. the A.,eral has had of Board M. Callis 549 Charles A. Dixie in Marching On

signal recognition from the govEast Central States Mission Miles L. Jones 549

ernment for his work in connection St. Lawrence the Waterway of Romance E. L. Chtcanot 552

with this dread disease. Honoring Professor Evan Stephens Geo. D. Pyper 573

/ / f FICTION Bread and Milkweed Ora Lewis 528

JUNE Conference in picture and Farmer Gone Wrong Ralph H, Olson 534 story will be given in the Legacy -. -J- R<ie Tooke 557

August magazine. Forever or Never - Captain True B. Harmsen 559

i i i POETRY Apart Clara Peterson 520 The Cover A Boy's Farewell to Durham House John R. Talmage 521

Hall 524 Lydia Daisy Time Chiland WomanpiONEER Milcke - - Florence E. 536 Courage * of a statue dren,"a photograph 538 Alice Lee Eddy Sonnets Two

is Nell 540 Larson on Fairbanks shown Avard aby Smile - Only this month's cover. The monuGiants in the Earth Bess Foster Smith 555

Chaffee Eleanor 556 A. Spring this picture was Country whichment from

6 Reed...,Anna 55 N. Identity state of in the standstaken Wash556 Locke Elizabeth W. Scandal Garden sculptor aington. does Seldomly Ballard 556 C. Lowell Desert Mystery

succeed in getting so much emoWestern Wonderland—Ann Jarvis 556

tion in the solid stone as Mr. FairMy Song of the West.-. Wilford D. Porter 55 6

banks has captured here. His figure Contentment Lucy G. BloomHeld 558

looks as if it could breathe and Children Solveig Paulson 560 talk. The design of the cover is When the Waterlilies Bloom in Lac La Doone. Mark Hart 562

563 Meacham Malcom Sea to Shore From Artist. Salt Clowes, Lake Paulby

Vesta P. Crawford 571 Laden Wagons art the of has charge FairbanksMr. Stephens 573 Evan Retrospection

in conbeen done has whichwork nection with the Church's exhibit DEPARTMENTS in the World's Fair, Chicago. His Indoor Photograph Contest Results -, 555

great figure of Progress is attractJune Conference. Henry Smith 564

ing universal attention at the Melchizedek Priesthood 565 567 Priesthoodexhibit. Aaronic and Ours Inside Back Cover Your Page

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Melvin J. Ballard, General Mgr, EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Entered at the;Post Office, Salt

Clarissa A. Beesley, Associate Mgr. 50 NORTH MAIN STREET, SALT LAKE CITY, UT. Lake City, Utah, as secondclass

igz, Improvement Voting Mutual by the Men's at for mailing Acceptance B. Peterson,O. tJte Corporation Church Business Mgr. AssociationCopyright, of Jesus Christ matter.special rate for of postage providedGeorge Q. Morris, rights cffreserved. Saints. All of Latterday

in section Act of October, 1103, year, price, in a $2.00 Taylor, advance; Subscription GrantRachel

Chairmen Era and Piiblieity zoc a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

es V cn

eo

B

V &e

u <lA Word ofAppreciation from he irst presidency

Photo by Sears FIRST PRESIDENCY OF THE CHURCH

Anthony W. Ivins, President Heber J. Grant, J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

all missionaries who are in the field, those filled, and particularly, what was to be the sign of his who have rendered missionary service, and coming again to earth, to redeem his people.TOthose who are yet to go upon missions: Among other signs by which they were to be made

Christ our Lord called his twelve disciples toaware of the near approach of his coming, he said:

gether and sent them out to preach the gospel. And "And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in

he said to them, "Take nothing for your journey, all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then

neither staves, nor scrip, neither bread, neither money; shall the end come."

neither have two coats apiece."Following the example of the Master, and in fulHe also appointed other seventy, and sent them filment of his predictions, the missionary system

out two and two, and said to them: "The harvest adopted by him has been in operation in the Church

truly is great, but the laborers are few. Go your since the period of the Restoration.

ways: behold, I send you forth as lambs among It is estimated that more than sixty thousand

wolves."members of the Church have served in the mission

Just prior to his crucifixion, Jesus declared the field since its organization. In one respect we have

destruction of the temple at Jerusalem, and the judgdeviated from the custom of the primitive Church ments which would come to the Israelitish people. greatly to our advantage, we have included women

As he sat upon the Mount of Olives, his disciples as well as men in our missionary system.

asked him when the predictions made would be fulThese representatives of the Church, composed in 516 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

great part of young men From our hearts we and women, have gone out praise and bless them for into the world with the the faithful service rendersame faith and courage exed, and pray that the proemplified by the disciples of tecting hand of Almighty our Lord, They have God may be over them, manifested the same fortiboth men and women, tude and courage, have met those who have served, the same opposition from those who are now in the the enemy of truth, and in field, and those who may some instances have given follow after.

their lives, martyrs for the cause which they represent. Your brethren and fellowThe Lord has gone beworkers in the Master's

fore them and been their service, rearward. The signs promised have followed them in

their ministry. They have

carried the glad tidings of the Restoration to many Bishop Harold Reynolds homes where hearts which despair in hopelesswere been be- F'ORMissiontwentysevenand TravelyearsSecretaryBishopforHaroldthe Church.ReynoldsHe succeededhas been &t.,<J <0eC;have made happy

cause of the message which his father, George Reynolds, who held the same position for years in the office. Bishop Reynolds was installedthey brought. before Office Building, in the office of Bishop Reynolds Church The

ts familiar to practically every missionary, for the reason that most, if not all, of them report at his office from one to several times, Bishop Reynolds looks after tickets and, when elders are called to foreign countries, their passports and visas.

Thousands of missionaries have passed through the Secretary 's office during the past quarter of a century. Bishop Reynolds

says he has been impressed on many occasions with the faithfulness of the saints at home and their determination to aid in bearing the Gospel message to the ends of the earth.

Photo by Sears A REMARKABLE GROUP PICTURE OF THE QUORUM OF THE TWELVE APOSTLES TAKEN DURING THE

APRIL CONFERENCE Left to right: Geo. F. Richards, Jos. F. Merrill, Jos. Fielding Smith, David O. McKay, James E. Talmage, Reed

Smoot, Rudger Clawson, Geo. Albert Smith, Stephen L. Richards, Richard R. Lyman, Melvin J. Ballard. (John A.

Widtsoe was in Europe.)

MissionTEMPLE SQUARE Mission atHome AForeign By ORSON REGA CARD

and its advantage to the Church July 9th, 1932, and is assisted by and community was immediately thirtyone guides.

recognized. Free daily organ recitals were inaugurated and were V/fANY converts have been made

much appreciated by local citizens as a direct result of this Misas well as visitors. The outstandsion, several of them being baptized

ing value of this new enterprise in the Tabernacle Font. One

was the opportunity it offered in great advantage to our missionary preaching the Gospel to "The system is the businesslike method strangers within our gates."In of reporting of names and addresses

1921 the First Council of Seventy of interested visitors to the other were placed in charge of missionmission officers residing in the ary work on the Temple Block localities from which these visitors and in 1922, Elder Levi Edgar come. The far reaching and beneYoung was made President of ficial results of such an activity are

what was to be known from then immeasurable, on as the Temple Square Mission, "And all nations shall flow unto being placed on a par with the it."Six millions is a conservative

other missions of the Church. estimate of the number of visitors

Thus the Temple Square Mison the Temple Block since 1902.

sion came into existence, gaining Millions of tracts, books and pamthe unique position of a "Foreign phlets have been distributed and

Mission at home"and has been have thus carried to every part of and is a great factor in the extenthe World a message of truth and sive missionary work of the hope. "I came here an enemy, I

Church. Elder Joseph S. Peery go away a friend,"is a typical reElder Joseph S. Peery, President was appointed President of the mark of the tourist. Another exTemple Square Mission and Manpression of appreciation: "I have

THEwaysfactandthatairwaysrailways,mergehighat ager.4 typicalof the groupBureauon of"TheInformation,Square,'* traveledouthere charge,thantheat worldanyI haveotherover,receivedplace."and, withmore

Salt Lake City, bringing Salt Lake City, Utah Continued on page 520 millions of visitors from every nation, race and creed, and from every station in life is no mere chance.

Becoming a "Tourists'Mecca,"however, brought its problems, one of the most serious of which was the erroneous and ridiculous information given out by "Hack Drivers,"selfappointed guides and wilful slanderers concerning Mormon beliefs, practices and institutions. The Bureau of Information

and Church Literature which was opened August 4th, 1902, with Elder Benjamin Goddard in charge was successful from the very first in meeting this and other problems, The eastern States MISSION By FORAGE GREEN

Moroni. The priest1854, when nearly all the missionhood was restored, the aries were called home and not unfirst baptisms performed, til after the Civil War were activmissionary work started, ities resumed. In 1893 Elder Job

converts made, and the Pingree was called to reopen the

Book of Mormon pubmission and since that time it has lished. In a lowly farmenjoyed steady development.

house that still stands the Church of Jesus CHORTLY after President James

Christ of Latterday H. Moyle arrived in January,

Saints had its obscure 1929, to direct the affairs of the beginning. Growth Mission he was impressed with the

came rapidly and perseimportance and value of using cution drove the Saints modern methods of preaching the

L. D. S. Chapel at Washington, D. C. westward. When they reached Ilgospel. "From the housetops"was

linois the necessity of again estabto go our message and here comlishing headquarters in the Eastern menced the fulfilment of this Book of Romance—States became apparent and so in of Mormon prophecy. The radio,AMISSION

The Cradle of Mormonism January, 1839, John P. Greene commencing actively on May 18,

a valuable this means for has become 1930, the Prophet was called by the Restorascene of—The inGos- of the the truths of spreading the! Under important work. the first the Gospeltion of From

such leadership of spired Elder ofshort journey humble an "'"Pratt, Parley P. the of to men as the powersof yesterday

press and the radio of today. Such, Orson Pratt, Samuel

in suggestion, is the history of the Brannan (in February,

Eastern States Mission. 1846, Elder Brannan

It was the first prayer of a humtook a company of 250 ble hoy that opened the way to Saints on a ship around this great latterday work. The Cape Horn and estabscene of this event now is an inlished a colony in Calispiring shrine of the Church. And fornia in July), Jesse C.

Cumorah, from whose bosom was Little, William I. Apdelivered, shortly after the first pleby, Wilford Woodvision, the message of the Book of ruff, John Taylor and

Mormon will soon have erected on others, steady progress its crest an imposing monument to was made until about commemorate the coming forth of the "voice from the dust."Events L. D. S. Chapel, Brooklyn,

followed rapidly the visits of ISew York

The Improvement Era for July, 1933 519

pel in the Mission. The regular Along with this work the

broadcasting of sermons and mumission is placing pamphlets and sical programs necessitated the tracts. Church magazines and

appointment of a Mission Radio other publications, where they

Director to assist the missionare easily accessible for the readaries. To date (May 30) some ing public. A survey has been

94.0 programs have been given made of the 345 largest public

over 21 stations. The outstandlibraries during the past two

ing broadcast was given last Noyears. Nearly all have the Book

vember when the Mission went of Mormon. One hundred sevon the air for a half hour over enteen are receiving the ImproveColumbia's nationwide netment Era monthly. Its worn

work of 92 stations. pages at the end of each month

The bulk of the radio work give evidence of much use. It is

has been done by the missionaries perhaps the most popular reliwith the help of members and gious publication these institufriends. Progress is still going tions receive. The "Liahona,"

on in this important work and which is also popular among experiments are being made with readers, is being sent to 59 electrical recordings. It is conlibraries. Sixtyfive literature

fidently anticipated that through boxes have been placed in first electrical transcriptions Taberclass hotel lobbies, bus and railnacle Choir and Organ Recitals road stations, etc., and some

with productions of our leading 150,000 pamphlets and tracts singers and musicians and adhave been voluntarily taken by dresses delivered by our best the people during the past two writers and speakers will, years.

through the use of these recordings, take the place of or become A S is no doubt the case in other an important addition to the missions the shortage of work which youthful, inexperimissionaries has been keenly felt.

enced missionaries are now doing. Moroni delivering the Plates, Much of the work is being ably

Cumorah Monument carried on by local members and npHE autumn of 1930 saw the the missionaries are doubling their first exhibit of Mormonism in aries call at their homes and gospel burdens. A most important step in

an eastern fair. At that display conversations were had with thoumission organization was made rewhich was at the great annual Eastsands. cently when President Moyle

ern States Exposition, in SpringThe public press has been used formed the New York District field, Massachusetts, an attractive to carry our message, as far as poswith practically a Stake organibooth was set up. A replica of the sible, to the people. In February, zation. All the officers are funcSalt Lake Temple was its central 1931, a Publicity Department was tioning efficiently and are looking

feature. Since that time seventeen created and a Director appointed. forward to the time that there

others have been sponsored with Under the direction of this departwill be a Stake of Zion in the very attractive features by the misment since that time nearly six "eastern states"as was predicted by sion. Over 200,000 pamphlets hundred newspapers in the mission the Prophet Joseph Smith.

and tracts were voluntarily taken have been visited and thousands of Eight new branches have been by the people, many Books of Morarticles have been printed. Papers organized during the past three

mon and other doctrinal books in cities of well over a quarter of years, the number of chapels has were distributed, 145 people ex- a million people have given us long been increased from five to ten and tended invitations to have missionarticles and front page pictures. in addition thereto the mission has

Panels from the base of the Cumorah Monument by Knaphus

520 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

contributed over $140,000.00 to the Sacred Grove each Pioneer For three days meetings arc held inthe Memorial Chapel in WashingATDay the missionaries with the beautiful Grove and on the Hill

ton, D. C. With the exception of many of the members and friends, Cumorah. Greater devotion to

Temples this is the most beautiful gather for an annual conference. duty, greater determination to carry

and substantial structure built by on, and a more complete love of the Church and its completion, in the Gospel come as a result of the the near future, will mark another Palmyra conference. And at tlis

important step in the history of The Frontispiece time, perhaps more than at any best on feel the that work other, we tithing year's is Last this by frontispieceMormonism. month THE and missionary the is of that at earth art five director it of 1 Stewart, greater than was Le Contewas 3 % is in resident a School and High be City to working the place best Ogden the of exception the years ago with and

studio. a maintains Kaysville, he where of Mission. States And Eastern the there years was preceding the two artist's is scores of the of one painting The in mission in every that in year to know in one any paid thanmore has he which of the of West impressions

the history of the mission. always been a part. Although he has the world the missionaries feel the

painted some lovely pictures of other subsame way brings an assurance that is than at when he more never home the to the Gospel of preaching the are jects, organizations auxiliary '"jPHE hill, a mounsagebrush-covered painting a sucwill be earth"of the "nations into line with falling rapidly of belongings the tain vista, or and homes the work as it is carried on in the pioneers. cessfully carried on.

Stakes. Genealogical Committees As a painter of the Utah desert he has

have recently been organized in fewcritics,equals,absolutelyand, noin superiors.the opinionHisof brushsome

thirtyseven of the branches. The spirit of very the datches somehow

plains hills are five following and Schools wide shadscalecovered Sunday the The Temple ContinuedSquarefrom partly sky, desert the arches which Tl yf courses prescribed the regular by above MtSStOn pageM the General Board in so far as local screenedMr. Stewart.by the Wellwas knownborn indesertGlenwood,"blush."a

conditions will permit. Four new town near Richfield in Sevier County, Referring to one of the guides,

I. organized J. Societies Stewart, been Relief father, an have Utah. His said: away took tourist at- a "He Idaho, later to Rexburg, torney, moved year. have the past These during love."substituted prejudice and Ricks the at enrolled where Conte Le for as valuable mediums proved received of College, is and happiest Ricks day the Academy, my now "This

'the to addition in missionary work artist as acting training, his school high 'inspired be and trip. happy ''To

renservice they have staff the outstanding student the of on publication—other are Block"to Temple come Rays.""Student has in Scouting need. those dered guides. the heard by comments to he went spring of the In New 1913 a local in of the been placed hands

Students'to. art at the Art City study York Elder exception no known With its I. the with A. and member M. Fogarty, with for enrolling League, work privthe S. has Peery had Joseph contests, activity programs, others. HayesMiller new and Bltxmmensheim,

and Gold and Green Ball, is strivDuring the summer school held by the ilege of making a direct personal studied strangers with any than Catskills he the to in appeal more League the needed to supply ing nobly American the famous Carlson, F. the of history in the other man its John lives social of in contacts the It Goltz. Walter painter, landscape and conpersonally having Church, are far children so from Carlson away with painting who he was was while

Mormon community life. The in the beautiful New York mountains that ducted over a million tourists on

twentyfour a landscape his his to in become urge got he the "Block"first States in the Eastern primary figure, studied he Though as a missionary and service portrait, years of a artist. in October, with 1927, was held landscape the League, illustration at and the is favorably guide. known He children. of group first nonMormon love. his remained

earnest appeal on over. His world Mr. Stewart to Utah. he returned enWhen of the 80 Over children now % in out missionaries the sageland of and enamored soon became behalf of the this organization in rolled come

result painted has desert. he the many a As in doors field has opened the many homes. from nonMormon alscenes, those fine depicting canvases otherwise that would lands many also unusually some has he done though missionaries of the Eastern The the closed to Gosremained have studies. fall, winter fine spring, He and the States are gladly shouldering infull, greens ripe of summer, the says pel Message.

additional responsibility placed upspirational to look upon, lose charm when on them as the work grows and the they are transferred to the canvas.

number of workers decreases. DurMr. Stewart has done considerable work

ing the first quarter of 1931 the Canadianin the Hawaiian,Temples. the"NaturallyArizona,I feeland thatthe Apart

average cost for each missionary the Church has been the real patron of the was $58.00 per month. For the arts in Utah,"said he, in a letter to the By Clara Peterson

I great a Era.""and owe "Improvement first this quarter of dropped 1933

this given in opportunities to deal the me fields, gray, the now now JDETWEEN it is steadily to going and $36.92 believe, of are, I direction. some Here my "*-'green,

creative This way. purely efforts best in a down. lined blue the toward stretching And the in temples) (painting experience rooms

hills, decrease in expenses has the in interest With strong in developed has a me thin. a ribbon runs, highway The design."decoration and mural activities. increase in other an come fills. heart longing with that T'is my be Stewart's work of may Mr. Some fair radios, newspapers, and The Ogden, the in Hotel Lomond. Ben viewed

exhibits have brought additional where he did several wall paintings, and My window frames a picture gay, life its way. that hurries on Of in the Chapel. 1 1th Ward Ogden work as have the library survey and also go, people where not know in I do interested unusually being Besides

the literature boxes. And the numlandscapes. Mr. Stewart also etches, carves Or why. But still, day after day,

ber of converts, which is in the end woodbtocks for illustrative purposes, again. back and on moves throng lithoThe for the stone directly on the big purpose of missionary acdraws it seems. is there, all the world 'Most pastels purposes, with works and graphing

tivity, has increased 42% during and pen and ink. But here alone, I sit and watch

the past four years. For I go only in my dreams.

Durham House, Liverpoal, England, for years headquarters of the Church in Europe, has been sold and the headquarters have been moved to London,

arewell toJ Soy By JOHN R. TALMAGExE Durham }touse

hearts, so dear unto our, old House, to seems? As now me it''/- memories, a thousand of But yes! happy walls do j4DlEU*'Home The speak! The words arc thcirsl

Thy long and faithful service now is done; Their spirit wakes the echo of the past! In thee no more shall pass our reveries Speak on, O House!—Thy voice is found at last

A new tradition soon will be begun And tell me of thy joys, thy hopes, thy cares

In other, distant parts To which we surely ha,ve to go. And now THE HOUSE Once More:

We pause ere we depart to shed a tear

For thee and all thy charms to us so dear Ay! Wails do speak! What stories I could tell

And unto thee we give our solemn vowOf days long past, of men now gone away,

Of children whose light feet have trod my floors. That ne'er shall we forget thee or thy name—Of scenes of faith and love which ever stay

Be thou to us in likewise ever true: With me! Each one who's passed my doors

Forget us not, nor lessons thou hast learn'd And come in me to dwell

From us; our message, ages old yet ever new, Has left his mark of friendship tried and true;

Must ever stay with thee; its holy fire has burn'd And in the years to come, this mark, this love

For centuries the same Shall be for me a sign from high above!

hearts the and the world warmTo light of men, And now I cease: but one last word—Adieu!

its flame. it, directs kindled Christ, For who

Thou hast this fire, and as to thee it came Again the Boy:

So give't to all who pass within thy ken.

The sound does fade and silence once more reigns;

O home of our most cherished hopes and dreams, For evermore these walls have lost their voice;

O guardian of our fondest souvenirs, Yet in the few words sp>oken rests a tale comforter in times of stress and strain. To make our hearts eternally rejoice:

Whose strength has helped to banish all our fears, For though the walls be battered by the gale

Whose peace has soothed the smarting of our pain, And man their peace profanes.

As long as white moonbeams Yet never shall they lose the radiant glow

Do light thy walls by night and stars look down Of faith and love which they have surely found

With shining, awful eyes from heaven above, Within our Gospel's splendid clarion sound

So long do thou bespeak our message: Love—An-d which shall linger there always, I know.

For of this word is fashioned God's own crown!

So sometime in the past the Master came pile stood of stone. some humble upon THE HOUSE Speaks: And

raised voice eminence from this up His And

Adieu, my friends; to me no less than you To make His message to the people known,

This hour of parting brings a sad regret, To offer them the wondrous Gospel choice

For through the years that you have been with me Eternally the same 1 have known peace; the fevers which beset And round Him gathered multitudes of men

My former masters everlastingly, Eager to catch the burning words of life.

The tumult that they knew. Seeking to ease the burden of their strife:

Are gone, and in their place there rests but joy, He gave them rest, and then passed on again.

lovely happiness, glorious, radiant,A pile gone, after the rocky had He And praise whose we bless, name of to Him A song stood, from whose domain Where He had ills cloy! can earthly no treasure whichA

mankind, of gone unto life had The words plain, a all the apart thing from THE BOY AGAIN: Became

alive; a wind, the sighing thing Almost

Do senses play me false? are these but dreams? The flowers in stately file,

Or have I heard a,right? Can it be true The grass so green, the radiance of the day,

Can these most ancient blocks of slate and stone. All beautified this spot by sight or sound

These walls of brick with mortar running through And passersby all sank unto the ground

Can such things speak? From them proceeds this tone To kneel in awe and say, "He passed this way!"

the door why we have to wait until winter. out in the yard! Why can't heCHRISTINE opened expectantly: We may all be dead by then!"let them have just one little wisp

it to see tastes? And why how that! Christina, don't say "Ah, mother! "Mother—oh. can't for once? have pungkin we still bread have grain to make going to have pungkinAre we for We

dinner?"with, and we're not going to starve I watched father all yesterday after-

"Why child,"answered the as long as the cows keep on giving noon while he brought the pungwoman addressed, as she looked up milk."kins in from the field and then

from the old wooden chest where "But what if the cows don't buried them out in the haystack.

she was hurriedly folding away odd keep on giving milk? I don't see I thought sure he'd leave out onepieces of clothing, "whatever put how they can with what little they for dinner today. But no—we

such an idea into your head?"get to eat. Why couldn't father have to save them for winter! And

"But are we?"insisted Christine. have let them have a bit of alfalfa the cows couldn't have the alfalfa

"I'm afraid not, dear. Your when it was so nice and green out because it had to be saved for hay,

father says we must save the pungin the field?"and now they can't have the hay

kins for winter. It's bound to be "Your father felt that he should because it has to be saved for cold

cold, you know, and there may not save every bit of it for hay, Chrisweather. So they go on eating

! Guessbe much else to eat."tma. weeds—weeds—WEEDS

"But couldn't we have just one "Well, he's got it made into hay, they'll be giving milkweed, pretty little one for Sunday? I don't see hasn't he?—and put into a stack soon

By ORA LEWIS

Picture by PAUL CLOWES

Because this bit of a isnt really sketch—it a story—written by a

daughter of pioneers, reveals the red badge of courage worn by nearly all pioneers of this 'hard land,''we thought it appropriate for July.

Tired when she got back! Christine ivas tired already. She had been

up at six to milk the cows, strain the milk and prepare it for delivering to the Mexicans who bought it from them regularly; then she had taken the

cows out to the hills, where she left them to nibble green weeds in lieu of something better.

But Christine stopped speaking the whole language to rhyme with without thought of where it might very suddenly, for there were tears silk."lead:

"But as for me what can't be start "I'll eyes. over then,in her have to mother's beat—this? enough. mother, How's I didn't mean to sure "Oh,

like Christine, beaming with excitebe mean. Honest I didn't! But "Some like new milk—some

it isn't so much fun to be Pi'neers, old—-"ment, exclaimed: "Wait a minis it?"And then suddenly: "Fll With never a pause her mother ute! I think I've found a good

tell you what let's do, mother! added, "Some like hot milk—some chorus! Let's see if I can rememberLet's make up a song about it."like cold—the first part."And she repeated

It was the one way that the two hurriedly had discovered to make even the trick had worked "Some like new milk,most tragic situations seem laughiHE able. its usual charm, and both were Some like old,

"All right,"agreed mother, "but laughing in spite of themselves. Some like hot milk,

you'll have to start it."Christine picked up the jingle: Some like cold,

like Some like sour milk, And gaily Christine began: "Some like sour milk—some "Milk, milk, soft as silk—"sweet—Some like sweet,

"But Christina,"interrupted her Mother hesitated a moment, and But as for me mother, "there's no other word in then catching the first inspiration. What can't be beat, is

!.;.

524 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

"Milkweed, reflected bitterly; and before she houses for everybody else and at

Milkweed, knew it was plunged into a deep last started making one for himself.

Warm and white; pool of thought from which one President Young called him in to

Bread and milkweed usually emerges wet with tears: his office to talk to him about anMorn and night, If she had been a boy things other town that was called Provo.

Night and morn would have been easier. But to be Provo was just a couple of days'

And morn and noon, a girl and have to do a boy's work teamdrive away, he said, and the

I'll be made of milkweed soon!"seemed at times unbearable. She people were having a hard time to

wore boys'shoes, too. They didn't get established there. They needed

"Maidof-milkweed, is right,"wear out as soon as girls'did. And some good builders—and would

added mother significantly. she had borrowed a dress to have father go!

"Yes,"laughed Christine, "but her picture taken in So father did go to Provo, and the milkmade maidof-milkweed She wished her father had marstarted again to build houses and had better be getting along her ried Anna, the rich lady who was barns and wagons and meetingthismilky way, or my poor Mejicanos In love with him when he was a houses and tabernacles. But

won't even have "leche"for dinner young man in Copenhagen, Dentime, even before he had got to the today. I wonder how you say mark. Then they could have had place where he might think of

milkweed in Spanish."Then as a fine house with servants to help building a house for himself, there

she picked up the buckets which do the work and a hired man to came another call. Would father

littleunheard-of go to some town there the cows; have milk would

very south; they needed him too, candies, cakes andstoodthought—orwaiting,sort sheof hoped—thatadded, "I been and farther

deliver father the much.maybe would new clothes for holidays—this tomilk on Once again he took himself and morning his waychurch."But no—her father was ambihis family into "new worlds,"and

tious adventurous, and had and started again to heart "I the have didn't ask building—buildlisten to preferred to the "missiongirls didn't time Christina. hehim, This kept him The onceing—building. ary boys"had America from who usually as he quite sowaiting wait long of patience had out and he was

when they finally got ready to go. talked about "leaving father and done to make a house for himself

You'll be pretty tired when you mother and brothers and sisters and and his family; moreover, he built

get back."loved ones,"and of "fleeing to the It with a perfection that had come

tops of the mountains to build up with years of practice. It was a

Zion."fine, two story white building with

llRED when she got Build up Zion! That's what strange, carvedout-woodthings

back! Christine was tired already. her father had been doing ever since on the front porch. And he began

She had been up at six to milk the he first came to Salt Lake City and to Imagine that he would live in cows, strain the milk and prepare married her mother. He had built it for many years.

it for delivering to the Mexicans houses and barns and wagons, and But one day there came a letter.

who bought it from them reguhad been known as one of the finest It was a letter from President John larly; then she had taken the cows workers on the big Mormon temple Taylor; in it father was asked If

out to the hills, where she left them and roundroofed tabernacle. But he would go across the border line

to nibble green weeds in lieu of just as he had finished building into Arizona, to help "build up something better, and had come Zion"there.

back just in time to see her father and two older sisters driving away there theyin the wagon to attend Sunday Daisy Time WiELL,morning church. By Lydia Hall were—all of them—had been for

for six six father very Her busy was kept months—might hills that hold, OAND six months reflected;with church she six years—orbe more—or sunset's brightest The red, centuries, seemed as it sometimesalways supposed had been—shework, daisies white he And

always would be. He was superBy April showers fed; living in an old tworoom adobe

intendent of the Sunday School. Among the rocks hut built by the Mexicans who had

their show They a too. missionary, had beenHe

all I pick them liked herEveryone father. He delight; rapturous was With faces bright, came"—oversettled there a"beforemile fromthe townpi'neers

a wonderful man. But Christine And listen to nearly a mile to the nearest neighrobin's melody; The noon, morning, and seedidn't get to very of him. much bor—and daisy 'Tis time eat to but having night nothing often not was at home.He

lazy time And gravy, milk, for me! bread and or bread to and She town, came Mexican and

with tfee usual good nature by Why should I work? with sometimes a few strawberries

which everyone knew her, took the When skies are clear and blue for variation.

all world. the It so! She wanted funny was allmilk to house, from house bestowAnd

is Once more intensity bright and new; to laugh, of her the but it a cheerfuling with "Buenos I roam And so

dias"and a generous smile. She In Spring, the flowery hills; misery was too perfect to be broken

liked the Mejicanos. They liked And dream beside Into by a mere moment of passing

rill; little crystal A merriment.her, too. She wondered what

sail, clouds watch the And Pi'neers have would it not done had across the ships sea;"some "Like other way—She must give It death

been for the kindness of these dark 'Tis daisy time Of course things wouldn't alskinned, friendly people. This And lazy time for me! ways be so bad. They couldn't be.

pi'neering wasn't so much fun, she Continued on page 572 The '(orthern States Mission By GEORGE S. ROMNEY

President

the Church of Jesus the Northern States Mission. The

Christ of Latterday missionaries go from door to door

Saints. They are from with their message, little heeded

the small towns and and practically unknown in this farms of the West. They world of great events. Yet they

are comparatively unare fulfilling again the parable of trained in the learning Jesus when he said, "Whereunto and ways of the world. shall I liken the kingdom of God?

Though often bewildered It is like leaven, which a woman and confused they are took and hid in three measures of

L. D. S. Chapel University Branch, sustained by a faith and purpose to meal, till the whole was leavened."

Chicago give the Gospel Message to these This, then, is the task which is aspeople who are so in need of it. signed to fifty missionaries distribthe Great Lakes of Master, when the whole Roman Only eightyseven years ago theAROUND As it was in the days of our uted through six states.

North America and partialworld was shouting the praises of Church of Jesus Christ of Latterly dependent upon them, their Imperial political rulers and day Saints was building a city in are six states of the Middle West. worshiping their great Caesar as a Illinois. This city was located in

The states, Iowa, Illinois, Indiana, god, while the lowly Nazarene, obOhio, Michigan and Wisconsin, are scure and unnoticed, taught in one Missionaries, ISorthern States Mission, peopled with 22,000,000 inhabiof the distant provinces, so it is in Chicago tants. Their activities in the steel

mills, furniture and automobile factories, coal mines, fruit orchards and corn fields, make this section a great hive of industry. Chicago,

with its one million automobiles, its 1980 daily passenger trains, and 610 daily freight trains, and its many steamships pouring in from all points of the world, is the center of these great Northern States.

Thousands of public and private institutions, grade schools and high schools, colleges and universities, are constantly transforming the raw human material into artists, musicians, doctors, and lawyers molding and polishing to the highest culture our boasted civilization, which with all of its accomplishments yet lacks the fundamental elements which insure permanence.

Into this bustling, heedless atmosphere come the missionaries of;..

526 The Improvement Era for July, 1933 one of the most beautiful sppts in tide has turned. Utah is overnpHE paintings will be in a frieze

the State. On the bank of the flowing and many highly trained at the upper part of the display

Mississippi, the Father of Waters, and technical men, who are fixed room. They will show how the

Nauvoo was built. In this city, in the faith of their fathers, are Saints were driven from Nauvoo,

Nauvoo the Beautiful, the persefound in the industries and educaIllinois, in the middle of winter;

cuted Saints for a time found comtional institutions of the Northern how they suffered the hardships of fort and peace. Under the leaderStates; and they are teaching by exposure at Winter Quarters; how

ship of Joseph Smith they built precept and example, that the printhey finally reached the West, conbeautiful homes and erected a milciples of Mormonism are true. quered the dryness of the desert

lion dollar temple. But such comThese men are singing and speaking soil, and through irrigation, made

fort could not last. Religious and on radio programs; they are lecturthe desert blossom as a rose. The

political persecution arose and the ing in University class rooms and titles of the panels are:

Mormons were treated as a vile and before clubs; they are writing and 1. Nauvoo the Beautiful, 1846.

despicable people. Mob forces publishing articles; they are being Population 20,000. Population

murdered the Prophet Joseph and recognized in educational centers as of Chicago, then, 200.

his brother Hyrum, destroyed their outstanding and intelligent men. 2. Exodus from Nauvoo, Iltemple and city, and drove the And now comes to the Church one linois.

Saints from their state. of the greatest opportunities that 3. Winter Quarters (Florence,

it has ever known, to show to milNebraska) "OW the picture is a very diflions of people the teachings, ideals, 4. The Pioneer Train on its

ferent one. Those men of faith and accomplishments of March to the West.

spirit who were driven from their Mormonism. This opportunity is 5. The Handcart Company.

homes eightyseven years ago setfound in the occasion of the 6. The Encampment on the

tled in the West. Again they World's Fair, being held from June Plains.

struggled and builded, and con1st to November of this year. 7. The Mormon Battalion.

temple; a built they againquered; Entering Salt 8. The Pioneers Religions, which of Hall In the taught they as they laboredand Valley. Lake of center the the of Century is near message. the Gospel childrentheir 9. in the Valley. Winter in Fair Grounds, Progress World's grown having children,These Irrigation of Anglo10. First Saints are the Latterday Chicago,

of their fathers, in the faithstrong in America. In Saxons memorial. a splendid building

these Northern tohave returned as a Desert Blossoms 1 1 The softened spacious a room, by many their as teaching, areStates and filled the Rose."lights with colored and the of message the taught,fathers are to be compaintings Spirit The of the peaceful atmosphere

Lord to the people. of the Gospel, will be displayed pleted by J. B. Fairbanks, Pioneer

Seventyeight years ago the beautiful works of art exemplifyArtist of the West.

estabwas States MissionNorthern the and of the Church History ing glass stained window two "The thousands that time Since lished. figure, central its teachings. represent: The panels Illuminated The lisStates have these in peopleof S. L. renowned sculptored D. an by the Golden showing Angel Moroni printhe of teaching the totened the of artist, Fairbanks, to Avard of the of Plates Book Mormon sixty With ciples of Mormonism. represents Michigan, University of Inscription: 'And Smith. Joseph eleven the in establishedbranches Progress."World "Eternal the The of out shall speech whisper thy more and Mission, the of districts

is called Century Exposition "A dust.'enmembers thousand seventhan beautiful this "in Progress"of and InElijah. and Temple "The acthe records, in Mission rolled to calls attention figure the Church I will send scription; 'Behold increases. steadily growthtivity and principles the profound of most one the before comthe prophet Elijah organizations Society ReliefThe is the intellectual thought, of which dreadful day great the of and ing the aid materiallyspiritually and progress.'Inscribed 'eternity of turn shall he the Lord. of And Improvement the Mutual needy; are figure this sides of the two on chilthe to fathers the of heart the educational conductAssociations is of the Glory words: 'The God children the of heart the dren and activities social contestsclasses, and wall Intelligence.'Inscribed the on I lest and their fathers come to Primaries Schools andthe Sunday figure each flanking the and above curse'."a the earth with smite the train and Gospel theteach will side of figure progress the of J. Fairbanks, ProProfessor Leo old Mission. the of Theyouth the figures represent be the which State Colat fessor of Oregon Art of hatred Mormonprejudice and Spirfollows: principal as ideas lege, the designed windows. has newspaper is disappearing andism Activities of itual Guidance and Fairbanks, Professor who Avard leaders club radio and men,men, Christ of LatJesus the of Church is the sculptor, is designer the and favorable compublish to glad are repwill Saints, terday be which at the professor of Art Associate of accomplishments thements on figures in the resented the two by has and of Michigan, University rejected. despised and oncethose figure of the reading panels from in distinctions, both received many the city of every almost In Progress'outward. 'Eternal The J. B. abroad. country and our the misStates Mission,Morthern left Social to the panel shows: is of our father, one his Fairbanks, in preachaided are beingsionaries

ing the Gospel, by learned and Advancement by means of Spiritual best known and loved pioneer areducated men who are members of Culture and Social Service. The tists of the West. Professor J. Leo

the Church. In the past the tide panel to the right shows: IndiFairbanks, professor of Art at the

of emigration was from the vidual Advancement by means of Oregon State College, has also won

Branches in the Mission to the Home Culture and Creative Recremany honors and titles in the central Stakes of Zion. Now the ation."world of art.

The Growth of Mormonism in (California By CUMA MADSEN

as.'r-i

Left: San Bernardino Branch, California Mission,

Right: Mission

Home California Mission.

INandthis flowerswonderlandoverlookingof sunshinethe intonationthisandterritory.creed is representedToday everyhere. Othersand stamina.lacked theSomepioneerof themcourageaffiliated reliother themselves with Pacific, the of missioncalm of Latterday number A small gious denominations, some, andaries have, the for past century, half this their Saints into found way like the thousands nathroughout the the retruthsproclaimed of as as early the country the of time

tion, tle the lure gave to of waystored Gospel. on, Battalion. Later Mormon glittering nuggets, letting gold forepart of the During 1 7th settled and the in pioneers when Utah

their religion take place a secondary Centuries, Catholicthe 18th direction under the of Brigham life. in their such condiUnderFathers this fair land. entered trials some thought the ToYoung, and

day one sees markers along the hardships there were too great and tions, the California Mission of the highway which chart the course of so they moved on, finally reaching Church of Jesus Christ was orthose early religionists, and the this state. Many of them remained ganized.

various missions erected by them true and faithful and were outThe first missionary to enter this so long ago stand as evidences of standing factors in promoting this field was Elder John L. Dalton,

their accomplishments. great latterday work and building who arrived in August, 1892. He

Likewise, less than a century ago. up the Church in this section. began his labors in and around

Latterday Saints entered this Oakland and was successful in bapland, and today as one travels its Where California Elders Walk tizing many into the Church. The

length and breadth he sees membership grew rapidly unover fifty Latterday Saint til it was thought expedient chapels which depict the to organize a branch and so, achievements of our people on October 2, 1892, the first and stand as edifices of merit branch of the mission was orto the Church. ganized.

Because of its natural minWith this successful start, eral resources and the producmissionary work has grown tivity of its soil, because of and flourished and California its picturesque scenery and has proved to be a most fruitbalmy climate, California, ful field.

early in the history of the Elder Karl G. Maeser, first

nation, attracted the attention president of Brigham Young of every class of people. Early University, was called to premigrations brought thousands side over the mission in Jan528 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

uary, 1894. During his presithe auxiliary organizations were published monthly at mission headdency, missionary work was introrealized. Sunday Schools, Muquarters. This publication serves

duced in the southern part of the tuals, Primaries, and Relief Soto acquaint all missionaries with state. cieties were established. Mission what is being accomplished

Since the release of President auxiliary officers supervise the work throughout the mission. The

Maeser, who served but for a short of these organizations directly from Mutual Message, the Sunday period of time, five men of wisdom mission headquarters. Recent staSchool Signal and the Primary

and sound judgment have presided tistics show that there are thirtyCounselor are auxiliary organizaas presidents of the mission, namenine branch and thirty neighbortion periodicals which are also ly: Henry S, Tanner, E. H. Nye, hood Primaries in the mission with published at mission headquarters

Joseph E. Robinson, Joseph W. an enrollment of over fifteen hunand which contain instructions to

McMurrin, and Alonzo A. Hinckdred children, four hundred and the auxiliary officers throughout

ley. fifty of whom are nonmembers. the mission.

During the administration of Fortytwo regular and six project Within the boundaries of this

President Joseph E. Robinson, Mutuals are functioning splendidly great mission, which includes Calmission headquarters was moved with a total membership of over ifornia, Nevada and Arizona, there

two thousand. The Sunday Schools are 31,000 Latterday Saints, 19,-from San Francisco to Los Angeles

at the time of the San Francisco of the mission show an equally 000 of whom belong to organized earthquake. Under the direction admirable record. Because of the stakes and 12,000 to the mission.

of President Robinson the mission growth of the auxiliary organizaPeople are hungering for a relihome was built in Los Angeles. tions,in severalboardsof havethe beenlargerestablisheddistricts. gionand assurancethat will ingivetheirthempresentcomfortdeafford local supervision and pressed condition. of them Many late President Joseph W. ThesenpHE materially aid the in development as expressed themselves having have will ever be rememMcMurrin efficiency of various the organand in the Gospel, as taught found by builder chapel great thebered as

izations. their to an answer the Mormons,

it presidency his duringbecause was questions. perplexing Missionmost chapels were our so ofthat many

aries are received being R. HINCKLEY, CISTER ROSE welwith is credit also dulybuilt, to and him

President in a Hinckley, is wife of large the of percentage come a of establishment for thegiven

Societies the Relief of are being channels and of homes new branches of and the Presidentlarge number jurisher the mission and, under the opened every on whereby hand stakes. threeorganization of

diction, is being accompreached. good Gospel be might much

President ago, Sixteen months sisters plished in this work. merciful the acknowledge The We to was chosen Hinckley A.Alonzo of this organization have proved the guiding and Lord in hand of

succeed President McMurrin. In their willingness to serve and to all that has been accomplished and

the beginning of his administrasacrifice, especially during this time we pray for a continuance of His tion, he found the mission rapidly when so many are in need. blessings that even greater achieveapproaching a critical condition The Calimis, which is the Caliments may be attained in the fubecause of the ever depleting but fornia Mission news bulletin, is ture.

seldom reinforced missionary corps.

The regular missionaries in the field numbered slightly more than thirty as compared with a maximum of *Eightyfour"over two hundred and twentyfive in 1928. Under President HincklyrlSSIONARIES of the British for the use of the Great Master of

ley's wise jurisdiction, one hundred Mission are being challenged Men. We will be true to ourselves

and forty local parttime missionby circumstances. As each month and our calling. We will stand

aries have been called and they have passes this challenge is brought beerect in the fullness of our stature, established an excellent record in fore us even more forcefully. The head back, eyes flashing with the

missionary work. To many of latest cry is "eightyfour."Just light of truth, and body tingling

them, their call as a missionary has eightyfour representatives in this with a burning testimony. We

meant the realization of a lifelong land of fifty million souls, preachwill be added upon by a power that desire. ing the greatest message the world will enable us to meet any worldly

An outstanding system of govhas ever known. challenge. We will be "Men of

ernment is found in the California Have we an answer for this chalGod,"

Mission. It is composed of nine lenge? Have we a slogan we can Eightyfour picked men, like the

districts, each presided over by an unfurl in the face of the wind of forces of Gideon of old, will carry experienced Elder. These districts circumstance that is sweeping the the responsibility. Great is our

are subdivided into sixty branches, earth? A slogan which will prove work. Great be the glory if we

at the head of which stands a an answer to even the greatest of arc true to our calling. Great be

branch president and his two counchallenges? Yes! Our answer our condemnation if we dishonor

selors. With such a complete orlies in the fact that we, as the tiny our responsibility.

ganization, the work of the mission handful of active members of the is carefully supervised by President B. M. A., shall be "Men of God."The eightyfour members of the

Hinckley through these various We will labor with a diligence that B. M. A. can and will answer any

branch and district presidents. is becoming to chosen servants of call and meet all challenges the

Early in the history of the misGod. We will maintain a humility troubled world has to offer. Rus

sion, the necessity and benefits of that will make us fit instruments sell S. Ellsworth.

VCorthwesternStates MISSION By

the frigid coasts of the contests. In the Great Falls diviFROMfamous "Nome Beach"to DOW OSTLUND sion of the organization their

the warmer climes of southsplendid contest was broadcasted ern Oregon, over a varied reach of over the radio. In the Western

country, stretches the Northwestern divisions the contest events were

States Mission. From its proHfic widely felt. In the Oregon Disspread over a period of two days.

fruit trees in the south, and its trict we are in the midst of a series The first was set aside for the bounteous wheat fields on the east, of broadcasts entitled "Pages From stories, drama, and operetta, with to its valuable fishing grounds on History,"and in keeping with the the second reserved for the speakthe north, and of ing. The people were

course not excluding gathered from all over its vast timber resources the western part of the along the western Mission and a great coast, it offers one vast cultural and educafield, ripening fast, for tional feast was enjoythe reapers to work in. ed. We were particIn this case, however, ularly honored in this

the crop is neither fruit, contest with the presnor grain, nor lumber, ence of Elder Richard but it is souls. In or- R. Lyman, member of

der that you might bethe council of the come better acquainted Twelve and first assistwith the methods we ant in the M. I. A.

are using in the reaping General Superintcnd-

I shall explain some of ency, and Brother W.

them to you. O. Robinson, field secFirst of all let me retary of the M. I. A.

tell you of some of the Both of these brethren methods we employ to expressed themselves as contact the people. We being greatly pleased

have found that to with the calibre of the meet modern problems successfully President and Mrs. Wnt. R. Sloan events, and that their pleasure was

justifiable is evidenced by the fact we must use modern methods and Northwestern(front center)Statesand Mission.Missionaries of

ideas, and what could be more that our contestants were victorious modern than the radio. People in all but two of the events in the

who are ordinarily too busy to talk title it deals with the early civilizaDistrict contest, and our operetta, with someone at their front door, tions of Book of Mormon times. original waltz couple, and our fox

or are in too much of a hurry to Through it much good is being actrot couple have been invited to listen to a street meeting, usually complished. participate as the sectional winners

have a little time to listen to their Not to be outdone, however, the in the Church finals in June. We

radio in the evening, and to ponder Saints of the Mission are also active. have received a great deal of favorover what they hear.- Then if we On the afternoon of the 26th of able publicity through these events,

are able to reach them in that manFebruary a choir of one hundred and we feel that they have done an ner, with a song, or an interesting fifty voices assembled from all parts immeasurable amount of good.

talk, it is usually possible to visit of the Mission, gathered in the City To carry on with this work, and them in their homes and further of Seattle, and for one hour blendto make the contacts thus estabexplain the principles of the gospel ed their voices in song. This prolished of the greatest value, we are

to them,, gram was broadcast over the three using the Book of Mormon a great

For almost three years now our National Broadcasting Company deal. The reading of this sacred

missionaries have been using the stations of the Northwest and its book has been greatly stressed in radio. This year, however, we results are still being encountered. this Mission and the results are'

have concentrated our efiorts on it Then as the crowning glory of our pleasing.

a little more, and its effects are being M. LA. season came the annual Continued on nage 561

By B. H. ROBERTS

ihe Bolt PRESIDENT <iAgainst Qod"

THEabovearticletitle,with"Thethe moreA worldthan viewone hundredof the statusyearsof afterthe ChristianJoseph religionSmith's confessbut unconsultedto some obscureconvicRevolt Against revelation from God upon that world status; in which tions which might be

God,"appears in the May revelation it was declared that the creeds of Christenidentified a s religious, number of Harper's Magdom were an abomination in God's sight; that those Normally, however, they

azine, published in New professors were all corrupt; that they drew near to are indifferent to the

York City. The author him with their lips, but their hearts were far from whole matter. * * *

of this article is Stanley him; they taught for doctrine the commandments of They do not revolt

High, who represents men; they had a form of godliness but denied the against God, they simply

himself as a minister "of power thereof. The Prophet for these reasons was ignore him.

a more than ordinarily forbidden to join any of the sects; at the same time

loyal church;"though receiving a promise that the fullness of the gospel 'pHEN Mr. High tells

confessing that normally would at some future time be made known unto him; of a newspaper man

the Sunday service brings and it was; the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday who recently rnade a sixout not more than twenty Saints being the sequence of that promise. (This is a teen thousand mile tour

per cent of the total memcompanion commentary article to "What College Did through the American bership. His outlook upon To My Religion"in the March number of the "Era.") countryside. He went

the status of religion is out to meet "the people."

broad and not at all sectarian in its character. He He asked them many questions, among others, what

quotes liberally from individuals, from organized rethey were getting from their religion in these disturbed ligion, reports of conferences, etc.; but generalizes times. Only one man,, he reports, said that his church

from these sources of information the justification of and his God were a prop to him. Nowhere did he

his title to the article as representing the modern encounter a genuine religious feeling. Everywhere he

Christian church's "revolt against God."encountered skepticism, distrust, amusement at the

Starting with a quotation from H. G. Wells, the beliefs of their fathers. Christianity was hardly to

noted author of "The Outline of History,"saying, as be considered at all as a force in American life, in

Mr. High puts it, with evident regret, that "great directing its currents or desires.

multitudes of us are living in a state of faded reliNext is quoted a clubwoman in a small city of the giosity."Then Mr. Wells continuing: "The formal Middle West, who was "chagrined at the discovery

religious organizations of the Atlantic world are little that she alone, among her acquaintances, seemed to more than the spiritualized husks and trappings of have any vital interest in religion. She began with

longabandoned efforts to begin a new way of life for the members of her own reading circle—a more than mankind."ordinarily intelligent group of women—of these none

"The fact appears,"says Mr. High, "to justify that went regularly to church, although on an average each

conclusion, the drift of the times is away from religion gave at least half a day a week to bridge. Religion

and particularly away from the organized religion of means nothing significant to any of them and religious the church. * * * The most pressing and certainly activity had no definite place in their lives."She also

the most frequently raised question in ecclesiastical examined a circle beyond this immediate group and circles is not: How may the energies of the church reported of the clever women of her acquaintance: "I

be directed? but, How may the church itself be eneram willing to wager,"she says, "that ten have read

gized? The choice which once lay between different a dozen books on psychology since one has read the

forms of faith now seems to lie between any faith New Testament from cover to cover. They think

and none at all. clearly and deeply on every subject, but some door of

"Despite the longheld doctrine of theologians that their minds is closed and bolted to religion."

man is 'incurably religious,'a vast and increasing Then turning from individuals to organized relinumber of people are demonstrating that he is not. gion Mr. High claims that: "The church itself proMost of these people are not active unbelievers, they vides significant witnesses to the same conclusion."A

have not left the church to join the Society for the Quaker, Dr. Rufus Jones, recently led a more than

Advancement of Atheism; some of them have not left ordinarily important group of churchmen in a study

the church at all. If pressed they would probably of the health of the church in America. "Their data

The Improvement Era for July, 1933 531

somewhat less personal and more penetrating than much comfort in statistics, or that he would be willing those of the clubwoman * * * led to approximately to concede that a completely satisfactory church audit the same opinion. 'Organizations, surveys, practical could be made by a certified public accountant. Moreresults,'the Jones report declares, 'absorb the mind over, it appeared to me,"continues our minister, "to

and in the change of focal interest the meaning has be slightly unorthodox, that a ministry should find dropped out of those words with which miracles once such easy refuge in figures. In the churches of my

were wrought'."youth and particularly in the sparsely attended prayer

Then Mr. High quotes a letter from a lay member meetings, there was one verse of scripture that was

of one of America's largest denominations. This man almost always quoted and always applied either during

is a resident of a substantial MidWestern city and the prayers or in the course of the testimony meeting.

the head of a successful business concern, who sat in Someone was sure to fall back upon that passage from on the ecclesiastical councils and served on the boards the eighteenth chapter of Matthew, which reads:

and commissions of his church. Recently he was sent 'Where two or three are gathered together in my name

to the national meeting of the denomination, and it there am I in the midst of them.'There was somewas after his return from this gathering that he wrote thing reassuring about that. That verse established

to Mr. High: "I would be in a happier frame of our independence of the yardsticks by which normal

mind, if I had stayed at home. If this conference was human measurements were made and seemed to draw

a cross section of the best that the church has to offer, us a bit closer to its author, whose ministry from a then I am in despair about the church. Mind you, statistical point of view was a terrible failure. * * *

there was nothing missing from the setup. We sang The average meeting of a church board is fourfifths

onefifth scant a matter of budget, and rightthe offered at right places, prayer the hymns, too, follows message. of a matter * *onefifth—a* The church,called the right addevotional our on make men to

dresses, we went through all the religious motions, but its tickertape. * * Historically the Christian church

I could not escape the feeling that we were shadowhas been strongest at the periods of its greatest numerboxing. * * * I went to this conference convinced ical weakness."

that we needed a revival of vital religion to save the Then reference is made by Mr. High to the "first

world. I have come away from the conference concentury Christian church"and of it says:

vinced that we need such a revival to save the church.""The church in that early period was composed of

recreated [bornagain] individuals. Those individ-

A LSO Mr. High quotes a distinguished English uals were out to recreate society. They were therefore

clergyman who predicted a few months ago a disruptive influence and remained so until with the that "nothing short of a revival could stay the decline conversion of Constantine their resources increased and in the influence of the church in Great Britain in the their numbers multiplied. The church then passed

hold of religion upon the people."out of the catacombs, the catacombspirit in large

Another Englishman, a Mr. C. E. M. Joad, in his measure passed out of the church, and the agelong

book "The Present, and Future of Religion,"one of history of worldly reckonings, of compromise, and of the religious best sellers, declared that in England, "a shadowboxing began."

hundred years ago when one of the new towns of theindustrial revolution sprang up, man's first concern '"pHEN speaking of successive revivals—that of Marwas provision for their religious needs and, if they tin Luther, John Wesley, Dwight L. Moody,

were free churchmen, a levy for the chapel was one and so on, he adds: "Organized religion has neither

of the first charges they felt called upon to meet. * * been significantly shaken nor fundamentally changed

Today nobody spares the money to build new chapels by any of them, and yet today it stands in greater for the same reason that nobody would attend them need of shaking and of change than in many generaif they were built. As for the church of England, tions."

even if there were churches and congregations to fill Mr. High refers to a commission of distinguished

them, which there are not, there would not be enough Protestant laymen who last year went from the United clergymen to attend to the congregations. It is difStates to study the status of religion and particularly,

ficult, indeed it is impossible, to keep up the existing of the Christian missions and Christianity in Asia.

numbers of the clergy and the supply of recruits falls "Their report which has been more widely discussed off year by year."than any religious document in a generation, declares

"In the United States,"continues Mr. High, "the that not Christianity alone, but all religion in these

statistics seem to be on the side of the optimists. lands is making a losing fight against unbelief. ChrisWhen I read the layman's letter, quoted above, to a tianity's future arguments will be less with Islam or

minister of my acquaintance, he boldly denied that Hinduism or Buddhism than with materialism, secuthe church was in need of saving and for proof directed larism, naturalism. 'What,'asked these laymen,

me to the gains in church membership in this country 'becomes of the issues between the merits of one sacred [U. S.] in 1931. Unquestionably those gains made text and another when the sacredness of all texts is

an impressive showing, never before in history had being denied. Why compare Mohammed and Buddha

American Protestantism equaled in a single year the when all the utterances of religious intuition are 433,000 increase reported in 1931, and never before threatened with discard in the light of practical reason?

in one hundred and thirty years in which accurate It is no longer which prophet or which book; it is;

records have been kept, had the ratio of church memwhether any prophet, book, revelation, rite, churchy bership to total population been so high. Nevertheless is to be trusted?"

I did not accept the advise of this clergyman and pass Representing conditions in Germany our writer on this report to my lay friend. I rather doubted says: "The largest and most active antireligious

whether, looking at things as he did, he would find order in Germany is not the Communist League of 532 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

Proletarian Freethinkers.: * * * This league is under of genuine belief that life had any serious meaning,

circle of thethe official wing of the social democratic party—which there was none remaining beyond the

up to the elections of 1932 has been the strongest silent, patient, ignorant multitude. The whole spirsingle party in the Reichstag and at present is second itual atmosphere was saturated with cant—cant

only to that of Hitler's NationalSocialists, It is a moral, cant political, cant religious; an affectation of

significant fact that two of the three largest parties in high principle which had ceased to touch the conduct, the German Republic stand sponsor for organized and flowed on in an increasing volume of insincere atheism and carry definite antireligious planks in their and unreal speech. The truest thinkers were those

political platforms. The German League has an active who, like Lucretius, spoke frankly out their real

membership totaling over seven hundred thousand. convictions, declared that Providence was a dream, and

Two hundred thousand German children are enrolled that man and the world he lived in were material in its schools of atheism. In every section of Germany phenomena, generated by natural forces out of cosmic

it has carried on a persistent drive against the Church."atoms, and into atoms to be again resolved."(Froude's

OMMENT is also made by our author of a drift Caesar, p. 7.)

away from religion in both Spain and France, but npHIS description of the Pagan status of religion is of lesser emphasis than this German situation. The now paralleled by the status of the Christian rearticle being reviewed among many other things is ligion in this present century, 1933, and as the fair

generously sprinkled with statements to the same effect outside and pompous celebration of Pagan rites, the as all this that has gone before. One young preacher increasing splendor of temples that were thronged by

of Mr. High's acquaintance says of the consciousness worshippers, yet all this did not dispel the fact that

of religious feeling: "We have the space, but it is not Paganism was rotting at the core and no longer Reused; we have the resources, but they are not working; counted a real force in the lives of the people. Rome

we have the message but it is not preached. It is no had ceased to be influenced by the virtues of its own

wonder that so many people find it so easy to get along Paganism, so also is it in respect of the statistical without the church."reports and the outside forms of pseudo Christianity.

Again: "The fact that Protestantism in the Mr. High again says, speaking of the United States:

United States is divided into some two hundred de- "Here, then, is a further reason for this drift from nominations constitutes the supreme testimony of rereligion. The church means little in the life of many

ligion of its own ineffectiveness. * * * Organized people because it seems to them to offer so little to the

religion for a long time has been marching forth to life of the world."

war. But it has been a civil war. * * * Out of this Again: "A considerable number of churchmen

welter of denominationalism, a distinctive if not dis- * * * seem prepared to admit that organized religion tinguished type of leadership has flowered."is widely important; that the faith and the faithful arc

A Mr. Shephard is quoted as saying: "The church both in need of a powerful stimulant. And the reliis a caricature of what Christ intended."gious skies are daily scanned by these in the hope of

Mr. High again says: "The impressive thing about some sign that a new day of faith is at hand. To date,

most of our orthodox religious routine is its otherhowever, the skies have not offered much by way of worldliness and the significant fact about much of the encouragement. In fact, many religious leaders are

a line of action it provides is that nototherworldliness crisis there frankly in the because present bewildered churches Wells as Mr.but a way of escape. The * * ''''religion. been to and has turning no significant

the communists agree, are serving to 'allay restlessness, There is a frequently quoted phrase to the effect that silence uneasy questionings, and reassure by their atMan's extremity is God's opportunity. * * * There

mosphere of conviction and ultimate knowledge'."is little evidence that the Church has been able to

It must have been some such thought as this that capitalize them for him. The depression whatever

prompted the utterance of one Dr. P. O. Bersell of else it has done does not appear to have appreciably

Ottumwa, Iowa, President of the Iowa Lutheran Conincreased the number of those who believe that religion ference, attending an interdistrict conference in Salt can help to make their burdens more bearable or to

Lake City, who was quoted as saying: "Religious hasten them more surely to the place where burdens

interest is at high tide, and the church today is finding can be laid down."

itself more than at any time in this generation."(Salt

Lake Tribune, May 17, 1933.) Such a remark, in npHERE is much more in the article to the same

view of Mr. High's "Revolt Against God"article, effect. I have only quoted a few of the high

can only be a faint imitation of whistling to keep points of Mr. High's article, but surely these excerpts

up one's courage in relation to things religious that represent the religious status of the Christian world do not exist. in this year of grace, 1933, a very inefficient and imThis reminds one of Froude's description of condipotent institution, and is serried by testimony that the

tions religiously in the days of Julius Caesar at the Christian religious world has not changed from that close of Roman Paganism, just previous to the induccharacterization given of it by revelation through the tion of the Christian Era, when he says: Prophet Joseph Smith more than a hundred years ago.

"Religion, once the foundation of the laws and The significance of this testimony, as to the religious rule of personal conduct, had subsided into opinion. status of the Christian world-—and it is taken for

The educated in their heatts disbelieved it. Temples granted that other religions of the generally socalled

it supplies thewere still built with increasing splendor; the estabheathen faiths, do not count—is that

lished forms were scrupulously observed. Public men Church of the New Dispensation with an abiding

spoke conventionally of Providence, that they might conviction that the world still needs the New Dispenthrow on their opponents the odium of impiety; but sation of the Gospel, for which Continued on page 568

SSSiv>BKS-S,JSA""4''*"* s-ssa WjS>SS>3iaE. VSV'?.%i<-iJ8,SMr:8S*.'*-'-.'.*aaKSji

'Old Man River,"From An Old Wood Cut

The CENTRAL STATES By SAMUEL O. BENNION

PresidentMISSION HE field covered by the was increased activity in the work readiness to contribute freely of

Central States Mission comthroughout the Mission. The mistheir means that provision may be

prises the four states of sionaries are being better received made for those in need. The presiTMissouri, Kansas, Oklahoma, and than at any time in the past. In dencies of the various branches of

Arkansas, with a combined populaboth urban and rural districts many the Mission report that as a rule tion of over nine and threequarter of the people have a good deal of their membership is contributing millions of people. The Mission enforced leisure, on account of the generously in the line of fast offeris divided into seven districts, withlack of employment. Golden opings. The means forthcoming

in which are twentythree organportunities are thus offered for misfrom these sources has done much ized branches and a goodly number sionary work, if only we had the to alleviate the prevailing distress.

of independent auxiliaries. With missionaries to labor in all of these The fortytwo Sunday Schools

two exceptions, the branches are inviting fields. in the Mission are doing good

presided over by local brethren. There is more activity manifest work. With the aid of the excellent are that lessons provided by the auxiliary organizations among the Mission headquarters of The principles the the Board, General the of ever.is Mission than at located Independence, MisThe

efficiently are of the being Gospel feeling prevails that is the office shortage thesouri. in Mission The to old taught and by both young of call missionaries a the makesrear on chapel the of Independence

Inter- a earnest workers. of corps local as such has members not comebuilding, Mission the with home

est in the has School Sunday work to before. result, a them there As fouradjoining. Church owns The the since increased been markedly is a readiness marked to its to respondteen of meetinghouses, and of the organization SunMission call is every and any that of made are halls in rentedtwentyseven

this Board. School daj Through the them President the by of asdiff'erent Misparts the of Mission principles of the instrumentality sion. the places foradditional meeting teaching explained been more have

latestSaints. chapel to be Societies The rehave The Relief has fully to the workers and much

is aterected Heights, Northern sponded generously to the many to secure greater unibeen done

Kansas City, Missouri, which was calls for assistance on the part of formity in the Sunday Schools of dedicated before the end of May those suffering from unemploythe Mission. The officers and

by Elder George Albert Smith, of ment. The members of the Church teachers of the branches accessible

the Council of the Twelve. who have steady employment or to the board have given it their

With the coming of spring there means of support have shown a Continued on page 562

By RALPH HARVARD OLSON armer Qone Wrong s, Someone says During that fall term she was "I liked it,"she said, "I was "out in the country on a farm"and asked out four times by four difwishing for something like this we think of freshness and fraferent boys. Each time she was ever since lunch."

grance, clear air and wild flowers, sure they wouldn't come back, and "Tell me about yourself."(Mr.

and hay fever. Just let it stand they didn't. Sadie didn't know Nevet should have known better

as it is. That is a better picture just why. After each of these than that.)

of Sadie Ross than we could have events she would bury herself in "Nothing to tell. What about

painted if we had started with her her work. Her marks soon became you?"(Wise girl! A good start,

first. the talk of the class and she was but beware!)

She was born and reared a envied by girls whom she envied. "Go ahead. I'm interested in

farmer and for all her sweetness The boys she didn't like called her people."That opening given once

and fairness, her freshness and frabrainy; the boys she liked called to a farmer is a mistake, twice is

grance, we must not make the her dumb. Now just where is the a blunder which will never be passtempting mistake of calling her a consistency in that? Then one ed up.

popular girl. Sadie's only fault Friday afternoon at the beginning Sadie talked. She let down the

seemed to be her chatter. She inof the spring term something hapbars of her homesickness and talked

sisted on doing all the talking for pened. It always does if you live on and on. It was good for her

everybody. long enough. while it lasted but these things

When there was nothing imnever last, although Mr. Nevet beportant to say, to gan which was told of wonder. most She him roomie, her Blanche, the time, literally she stuffed secrets, this about the family, the home, into the came up the stairs andotherwise pleasant except the everything about pause with agiland displaying of that some room

stories the of Ross homestead. things that might interest anyone Her ity used shelter finding people byfriends soon learned but herself. repthrough air raids: during

etition all there was to know about "Get into something in a hurry!farming, and began exto make a can't thing. for wait You We nevet Lowellcuses to leave Sadie whenever arall listened rustic, a this to date Bill's have friend with homespun

rived. She vaguely was conscious polite, patter a sophisticated like not. with whether it or you We're

thisof increasing coolness but could It to to do, boredom. going the over tennis for thing the Center was

never stop talking long enough to matches and then to dinner. Yes, to be polite and sophisticated and

realize her mistake. besides, that's bored, this cornfed enough. good mama, on."Come Her lonesomeness increased was after a bit refreshing stairs the was the went camtwo They downbecause she forced was colto enter babies at a pus time. he all of knew, Blanche, of one wearing whomlege years two class the behind said like the acted she those things willhe-likeit-orwill-henot same and

in school,had known high having expressions but themselves. anybody so commonly by wornstayed so ther that sister, at home they girls were Freshmen a blind with date home and alone WhenClara, might go through business said. car. Blanche Sadie in tow, pulled to "Well?"the out

college and then help the others he's "I swell. a think He's not let "Sadie, Bill present and methrough. Clara thanked them by like here. the other boys around his friend, call bit Nevet. Mr. Theygetting married and of moving out I the grade?"I wonder made how her "Brains"some when they wantthe state. left Sadie for the State

a "Bill notes seems to right or the think answer."he hadUniversity the next fall with high

it; time. liked glad I'm you all smiled and Bill said, good Theyhopes and little money. of Both

which were soon blasted. "Let's get in, or we'll miss the first you've been working too hard. We

Most of her ideas about college match."might go out a lot; it's lots more

had been gleaned from stories she When they were seated and on fun with four."

had read in Campus Life, and like the way, Lowell, as his name turnAs they were getting in bed most story book ideas, when ed out to be, began, "I'm sorry Blanche hazarded, "What did you brought in contact with the real we didn't know about this sooner; talk about? You seemed to be

thing, were shown to be a total but Bill brought me with as much pretty well wound up every time I bust. That was the word they warning as you had, I hope you saw you."

used anyway. didn't mind.""Oh everything. I guess I did

The Improvement Era for July, 1933 535

most of the talking, but he didn't seem to mind. I'd like to ask him to the

class dance next week end. Are you

taking Bill?"

"Yes, I asked Bill if Lowell would be busy and he said he didn't think so.

I'll get Bill to ask him if you like."

"Like? I'd love it."

They went to the dance. Sadie

talked again. Mr. Nevet talked a little.

It seemed he was not in school that term, he was working for an advertising agency in town.

After the dance they went for a long ride, finally landing at some luncih room by the car barns for scrambled eggs. At the sight of the eggs Sadie

was reminded of another story about the hay stack. Mr. Nevet listened and

ate; Blanche coughed; Bill sighed, ever

so slightly.

On their way home Sadie made up her mind that this must be love, and she told Blanche about it when they were alone. Blanqhe was silent and

then said: "Not so fast! Not so fast!

Been out with him twice and known him a week."

"I don't care. I like him, and I'll

bet he knows it. He knows everything

else."Blanche suggested that she sleep it off.

The next morning Blanche's brother, Peter Rowley, came to eat the cake that Mrs. Rowley had sent to Blanche

and Sadie. Pete was what is known

by young people as a good egg. Not

too good to look at and not too bad, not too bright, but bright enough. He

was a senior.

"I hear you babes are going out with

Bill and Doo Dad Nevet,"Pete offered between pieces of cake.

"Doo Dad? Why the Doo Dad?"

asked Blanche.

"I dunno. Why the Pete, when the

folks named me Hubert? All the same

principle. I still think it's funny what

dames will pick up with once they break the home ties."

"You at least can't call those boys cake eaters,"put in Blanche.

That may not have been the best answer but it saved the rest of i the cake "Go roll your dough,"said Pete through the last mouthful.

"Well, I'll see you in the next bonus march.

"Someone came and sat o n the other side of the palm, A girl was saying something.'

536 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

Thanks for the cake. Come and Her first formal! She and That seemed to hold him for a

see us some time."Blanche had been over a few things minute and gave Sadie a chance to

When Pete had gone, Blanche about the why and why nots of ask how he liked it, and where was made excuses for the amount of formal action a number of times. his girl.

cake he could eat and the way he Bill had asked Blanche to go and He said that he might tell the acted in general. They finished all in all, well. pieman that he didn't have any,

up the morning talking about "the Sadie was dazzled from the time indeed; but that he'd let it go and

things girls pick up with once they Bill's car first hit the fine gravel in write her a card.

break the home ties."the Country Club lane. So many "Don't you think it's hot in

big cars'. So many lights! So here?"he said after a little. "Let's

Tk.HE next week Bill menmany allprettyso blackpartyanddresses!white Theand getI saidsomeair air.and itsNotair aI wordwant."please,

invited them all down to his home. correct! This was the life she had

to but do swim wasn't muchThere read peothe about. were These his took arm ADIE didn't O plunge. Sadie thein hot ple she mingle with would when it intersaid be that must an and tennis didn't play bridgeplay and degree. she her Sadie Ross was had out mission went anyway. They of anything didn't do muchand surely being born. terrace sat stone the and on down Lowell Sadie talk. and Sobut the cloak from moved They large a potted palm. The by

; almost this did she hike a forwent into the out ballroom. rooms just so pretty that they night was this time for well him.too By lost detail, Sadie sense her of being sat. said he he Air was what sat it love. sure Theyshe was was all loveliness this able to take only came Someone anyway. wanted see the could they wheredown picture, as a in complete. They the side sat of the other and on to bringing springchanges was danced. traded one with They girl saying somepalm. was A place the Just valley.the whole Bill Blanche. and danced They thing. girls the say wrongto farmer make voice again then she and had some is this just the game, what "Andthing. speakheard from was somewhere Sadie time?"one no was She beautalked about how They to ing Lowell: knew. said hills Sadie thetiful were and it's here, in "If order Nevet, Mr. the friend,"Blanche's "She's farm. the of herthey reminded lassie this for use I could or two it first at answered; was "and boy to subject the changedLowell three loft."turns the around hay Sadie things."just those of one all herself Sadie gotfriendships and Pete taking her was Rowley away to say her someopened mouth she that blurted outtangled and up dancwere from they Lowell and Lowell. thing. boy was The she what before knewloved him as cereing about with on much silence; Pete in her pulled back done.she had as a takes horse the up new mony talking: "Fve continued Lowell a her liked said that he Lowell express. pony in but time been bores out with my they think theylot didn't and are here doing you "What my takes this in I've roped been on one all in All back. gettingshould be pretty don't maid? have you And all prizes. will the Tonight wind to be out turnedthe afternoon in coat cake out your any you?"do it all off I've up, though. paid my people is younger bywhat known the to "Said Simple pieman I glad obligations. came you amas a smack. damp I she indeed Simon, haven't any,"I of verge the along, on was

When they got back it was time said smartly. breakdown and to make mattersa

to pack. Sadie felt bad. Life has "Well, strike me tepid if the worse the sweet thing seems to

never been very fair to farmers, rurals aren't picking up something think she's love sick about me. Can

take the farm board and all. On besides Greek and Latin at last! A you beat it?"

the way home Lowell asked her wise crack! Like a bolt from the Sadie jumped up with Pete after

After dance.to a Club Country blue! I repeat, strike me tepid."her. couldn't they heaven Thank

it accepted she realizedshe was had see to her. tightly just held Pete

the first time he had ever asked her her arm and pulled her in through told already she thatout had and Courage inside were they the door. When to tried she him. loved Shehim all sorry, said kid."was, he "I'm E. Milcke By Florence to say things to put himthink up couldn't speak. didn't She She

at ease and found she couldn't. 'TTTHAT need have we of solace? Is the trust her voice. Her eyes were fillShe wondered why he had asked rV earth ing up; she wouldn't be able to see

cheer, left to beauty sterile,—is not Grownher. will in a minute. home, "Take me Is lead the mirth and way to God? felt as she next morning The you, Pete?"near, children's voices glad Forgotten,—noInspire experiafter all her othershe did is life telling laughter, with good? Ringing sister,"quickly, Pete "Sure, said

tear to the sorrow, ban no more Succumb since to school. sheences She came I'll ask then come back and "and

flood the to fill eye unbid comes and That at the that grim with bookswent his teeth."front for that snake those once of with memories minds lumberjacks thatdetermination go The at the cloak were room. dear. They

for the tall timber. She knocked "Pete, promise me you won't make

in Solace! joyousness sing Businses out of Englishan "A"trouble. over There's Blanche No,—rather blue, any stars bright in chant empyrean As began a few and marks moreand tell or there; her something go and bliss to choir dazzling attuned A better. the ofto feel the end By I'll she out; other. be walking singing night unity anew. each And

week she felt right nice and by Who weeps with God's great world becan't see me like this."

feet, his neath she felt that afternoonSaturday over. ask any "Don't Pete went

find to no future yet more sweet. a swell place for Deserves evencollege was I questions. gotta take What's-

farmers. Continued on page 5 74

Th CanadianMission By JOHN V. BLUTH

President

On the St. Lawrence opposite from

the city of Quebec. Ramparts and old

fort on left.

hoto Courtesy Cintard Line.

THEorganizedCanadianin Mission1919, withwas deckedwinters arein notholidaysevereattire.except forThea in1,200,000,this respectstronglyQuebecCatholic,is even moreand

unless in the northern days, Brunswick, so. Saint John, New first few its as Jensen Nephi

a city or of 800.- reaches. Royalists, Toronto, founded by was years of a number For President.

the is across built themselves, people, styled as they Loyalists 000 of the it part been had previously

States ravines abound the which fled United numerous from who extendand States Mission Eastern configuthe shore, and war, lake revolutionary Ontario the during on At now. west than ed farther

its mission. country, city the in with ration the hilliest of it is the provinces the it comprises present

Acadie, is elm, of and of maple covering the land oak and Scotia Nova BrunsQuebec, Ontario, of New itself fato the readily lending birch, Evangeline, of made the home Prince EdScotia and wick, Nova a has skill providing gardener's and Longfellow, and by mous Canada, all eastern in Islands, ward beautiful parks for background. historic the ground wonderful Maine, states of New the and step city. can has alone the Ontario of throughout province One The the in Vermont and Hampshire

forest, thorbusiest and the miles of of square 150,000 from many is dimission States. The United the blocks is of for a in couple paradise a all oughfares and the land of districts, four ten into vided midst in the oneself the open. buried loves of tourist find who other the of each Ontario, in them ravine deep in some the wildwood, a or a province representing six

is forcity the of bustle the where of a has number mission as npHE mission state, Toronto with its city of noise the gotten and interest the visitor. to places of (opWindsor headquarters. From

posite Detroit), on the west, to traffic hushed. Not least of these is the birthplace

Halifax, Nova Scotia, on the east Montreal is a city of churches, of the Prophet Joseph Smith, the the mission stretches for 1,450 shrines and magnificent buildings; memorial farm, cottage and monumiles, and from Niagara Falls, among its peculiarities are the curvment at South Royalton, Vermont.

north as far as one cares to go. ed stairways leading from the sideThen, there is the birthplace of

Members are residing as far as 500 walks to the second story of almost Brigham Young, at Wittingham;

miles north of Toronto. A tour all the houses in the residential disof Heber C. Kimball, at Sheldon;

of the mission, made quarterly, tricts. Here both English and of Hyrum Smith at Tunbridge; of

covers from 2,700 to 3,100 miles. French are spoken, and almost all Erastus Snow, at St. Johnsbury;

Eastern Canada is a glorious signs, street directions, street cars, of Luke S. and Lyman E. Johnson,

country, one of forest, lake and cards, announcements in public at Pomfret, all in Vermont; of

stream, in the summer a veritable buildings, etc., are in both lanAmasa Lyman, at Lyman Towndelight, in the autumn gorgeously guages. It has a population of ship, New Hampshire; of Marriner

.

538 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

W. Merrill, at Sackville, New many acquaintances. They have

isBrunswick. Quebec, There

historicits quaint, old lower and with Rules for Hating Your incidentally,won quite a number80% ofof theirfriendsgames.and,

town, its Chateau de Frontenac, its Brother They have also joined the LongPlains of Abraham, and its war By Lloyd O. Ivie fellow Club, where they were given

monuments. There is the Long- 1. Contrive to be dissatisfied and to the privilege of preaching a series

fellow home at Portland, Maine; find flaws in everything he says or does. of sermons, found friends and

filled 2. with love and pity,—espeBell createdthe homestead, all of which Memorial much interest, Bepity,—for—yourseelf. exfor the telephone invented, cially opportunitieswhere has furnished was unsuspectyour from 3. Hunt among

at Brantford; the beautiful Lake ing friends those whom you can induce to plaining the Gospel to its cultured

Champlain, the Green and White sympfathize with you, and back up your membership not otherwise availsays with "Everybody so."That able.mountains of and Vermont New is,opinion sure is "Legion."your make nameHampshire; with Ottawa its won-

4. that are cocksure right you always Be

are but five organizedderful parliament buildings in a—absoloot-ly! 'THERE

beautiful setting on the bluffs of 5. Be quick to contend, and to point branches, and the greater porthe Ottawa river; Toronto with out his weaknesses to—others. tion of the membership of 1,400 is

6. eternally focused Keep your itsits parks, bridges magnificent a milscattered over than the more

the faultless upon attentionin—yourself. the larger ravines,spanning of some mission miles lion square of the 7. things coungo wrong, or run When

with the largest hotel and the tallest ter to your wishes or interests, be positive confines. Toronto branch has a

building in the British Empire that it is in no way your fault. membership of 200 odd and Hamthe Royal York and the Canadian 8. Be both tactful and ingenious in fixilton somewhat less than 100.

fellow. other upon—the well Montreal, Ottawa and Kitchener (flavoringBank of Commerce building, reing9.theBeblamekeen and quick,

spectively; the large inland lakes with shallow wit), in passing depreciaaccount for an additional 150. The

and the picturesque labyrinth tive judgment upon others. Know for a vitality of the Gospel, however, is

through the Thousand Islands on fact that his evil motives can be nothing shown by the fact that so many the St. Lawrence River, and many else than what you have wisely detected of those who are isolated and do

advertised.others. and

10; // you do not understand him, nor not see an elder for a year or even

On July 1, 1867, a confederwhat he meant, be sure to give his word or years, in one case not for ten years, ation agreement joined Upper Canact the ugliest and meanest motive posare fervently faithful to the truth, ada (as Ontario), lower Canada sible. often hungering for companionship

1 1 others well speak of him When the elders the Saints be of and and (as Quebec), and Nova it is Scotia, certain that because they not do know live those almost envying Prince Brunswick, who EdwardNew as well do. as you him

Island, Manitoba, Saskatchewan, 12. Recognize clearly your own acts of where the Saints can meet together

Alberta and British Columbia, into greatness, but be equally able to detect that in assembly. We visit them as

are deeds commonplace,—something often as our means and opportunithe union as the now known Dohistrifling anyone can do. which ties permit. ofminion but into Canada, which If 13. are obligated you to him in any

New Foundland did not enter. way, forget it; if he owes a slight duty to Generally there is a sweet spirit

Mission work was begun here as you remember it long and advertise it wideamong the Saints in the organized early as 1832. John Taylor, who branches and in the places where

became the third president of the 14. Kegp in mind that tt ts better to missionaries are stationed and carry

Church, came from England to have15.yourBe ownreadywayto compromisethan the rightonway.the fifon regular branch work. The

Toronto in 1832. In 1836 he tyfifty plan: he gives fifty and you take auxiliary organizations are doing

was visited by Parley P. Pratt, who much to create interest and to hold

his 16. Rejoice over misfortunes; and ball the Green young. because of ahad come to this land A Gold and

his mistake see In other hawhaw words exceprecentlyprophetic statement was in Hamilton Apostle by distinctly the the wart rather than on man

Heber C. Kimball that he would the man on the wart. tionally well attended, and a minhere find a people prepared and Now there may be others, but beloved strel show given in Toronto by the

ready to receive the Gospel. Presbrother, if you will follow these rules local members, aided by the Misdeterminedly persistently wil]l anfd you elders, ident brought out an Taylor, years then but 23 sion Home

of yourseif one the of make age, of 300. of interested became and on suddenlygreatest in the will beattendance men world; you

May 9, 1836, a month after the come a master in the art of reducing others Employment conditions are not dedication of the Kirtland Temple, to such minute proportions that no one but of the best. In Toronto alone,

he artd his wife were baptized. At yourself can be seen. Sure! one out of every eight is receiving

this time there were but two provpublic aid. Municipal, provincial

inces here, Upper and Lower Can- a few miles north of Toronto, and and dominion authorities are bendada. Joseph Smith, with Sidney never tires of telling the story of ing every effort to find some way

Rigdon and Thomas B. Marsh, her conversion or of exhibiting the out of the muddle and to give emvisited Toronto in 1837 and held photos of the many missionaries ployment or provide relief for those

conferences at a number of places who stopped at her home or labored who cannot obtain work. Among

in the vicinity. Since then misin that field through the years that our members, where an honest tithsionary work has been carried on in have passed. ing has been paid there has been

Canada intermittently. William There are now forty missioncomparatively little suffering,

R. Sloan, now president of the aries in the field, just onehalf of though the calls for help from the

Northwestern States Mission, was the force that labored here three Church have been somewhat more a missionary here some 32 years years ago. numerous than in other years. The

ago, and one of his converts. Sister In Maine, four of our elders, with work is progressing and there are

Eliza Burton Devins, now 84 years a young nonMormon friend, are good prospects at present of a numof age, still resides at Woodbridge, playing basketball, thereby making ber of additions to the Church.

Th e MEXIGAN MISSION By Antoine R. Ivins A group of young ladies who sang in

President the choir, Mexican Mission

have been some years after Father's return from his second mission into

Mexico that he and Brother Tenof the earliest recollecon their first trip into Mexico. ney were able to meet again on theONEtions that I have, the very They and Heleman Pratt, the occasion. I have referred to.

earliest that bears at all upfather of Rey L. Pratt, had been

on the Mexican Mission, is that members of a party of about eight TV/TY next contact with the Mextheir horses rather indirect from Mission, ridden ican who hadI sat one day with back my School of sure, the State Chihuahua into to be came in 1895. against Utaha shed post the exposure south on

City, capas the far as Father closed was just been and Chihuahua had St. inof our barn George and wonfirst effort of business ital State, the the of to on going Kaibabdered father what and my Ammon I, then contact with our and the Ranch to make with Church VTthe saying, Tenney be might forM. go to people. the to allowed fourteen, be Mexican was

talkingthey were in quite fluently little a undertook along Later took these same with him. men He

a language that I could not underas interior the instruction into other missions we and of Spanish book stand. to I seem see again Father clean to horses other brethren up along for the waited with Mexico

and Brother Tenney sitting on the who distinguished themselves in their oats after lunch at Pipe manger while they punctuated their this service. I believe, though, that Springs he brought it out.

speech with emphatic and numerthese three are the only ones of "How would you like to learn ous gestures with their hands and these early missionaries to the MexSpanish?"

shrugs of their shoulders. How icans that I ever knew personally, Fine.

I wished then that I could unexcepting Moses Thatcher. It must "Well you may as well start

derstand them. right now, for

This was on the you will need it.

occasion of a We have been visit of Brother called to move

Tenney, who to Mexico."

then lived in To this day Arizona, with I can remember father and they the picture of a were quite pospineapple that sibly discussing the first page of their adventures that book cartogether while ried and the sentence, in SpanLeft to right, ish, saying that standing: Ammon it is sweet.

M. Tenney, John Father moved

W. Taylor, James his family to

Jacobson, Hyrum Mexico in the Harris,S. Anfall of 1896,thony W, Ivins,

Alonzo Y. Taylor. just after the

Kneeling: S. MarOctober Confersena Foster, Josence, and that

eph H. Parry, Jr. marks a new era

S40 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

in the affairs of the Mexican Misblood and when once converted that sion, for the work begppi so well suspended had biefen Only a Smile theyfaithfulbecomemembersveryof staunchthe Church.and had been

for a nurnber of years for reasons By Nell Larson With them it takes but an opporqual- with, tunity to bring out their conversant that not good I am a smile. only and /HAD it after into charge people they develop Father took soon ities and was

I had amount of wealth, no great of the affairs of the Church in MexNo motors, nor mansions, nor worldly of great capacity for service. Presico that it was decided to reopen pelf. ident Juarez was a purebred Indian

the Mission in the interior of the I could not feed the hungry poor, and President Diaz had a good

Republic. NorI hadleaveno coingifts foraroundthe blindat theman'sneedy'scup.door. strong infusion of the same blood.

Nor even a bone for a hungry pup. He perhaps owed his sterling qual-

"rO man could be found better I had only a smile. ities to his Indian ancestry. Many

fitted by native talent and exWhat could I do with only a smile? of the leaders of today are able to

perience for such a job than Am- I wanted to serve, but I saw no way trace their lines back to these same mon M. Tenney, who then lived To help my neighbor from day to day, Indians and some of them have

in Mexico, and he was selected. But as I went from place to place come up from poverty.

The Church has had few, if any, AndI keptI sawmy aboutsmile uponme to mymy face,surprise This is the people to whom we greater missionaries to the LamanMy smile reflected in other eyes. are striving to introduce the Gospel.

ites than Brother Tenney. My smile became worth while. Since the conference above referHe went to Mexico City and red to the Mission has had its perfrom there made contact with those iods of success and depression. Just

of the old members whom he could well remember that one old brothwhen Pres. Rey L. Pratt had things

find in an effort to bring them back er, well along in years, had walked going most satisfactorily the Elders into the fold. In this he was not more than sixty miles to be present. were all forced out of Mexico and

always successful but generally Almost all those in attendance had it was necessary to disband them, speaking he had wonderful results. come afoot, as few of them had any after which almost nothing was

It wais not long until he had things money to spend on train fares. done for some time. Then it was

moving nicely and called for help. Perfect behavior, on the part of the decided to rehabilitate the mission

Several young men were sent him converts, characterized the entire and labor among the Spanishfrom the colonies, selected because time of the conference. speaking people who reside in the

;they already could speak the lanIt will be remembered that In United States and thus to be ready

guage of the people, and then reMexico there are, generally speakto return to Mexico should the opcruits began coming from Utah. ing, but two classes of people—the portunity ever present Itself.

S. Marsena Foster was the first of wealthy and the poor. It so hapthese, according to my memory, pens that the latter furnish us with This work began in Colorado

and then came Joseph H. Parry, the most of our converts. This and spread until now it embraces

Jr! may be because they are of purer New Mexico, Arizona, Texas and

They came while I was in the Indian blood and more susceptible California, and extends from the

City of Mexico about 1902-3 and to the teachings of the Gospel. Pacific to the Atlantic, taking In

the International the area along sentwere at once to live out with of these people appear to border. has Our membership families toMexican learn the lanbe of almost pure Indian grown to 4,133, with 38 branchesguage, a procedure that I believe MANY

was not long followed but which in more or less complete state of are organization. Headquarters effective in teaching thesewas Vjcry

X,-,o-sw been for several now, as they havebrethren Spanish.

Some of the pictures accompanyyears, at Los Angeles, California, ing this article were made at the in the center of what is said to be first conference held in the mission the second largest Mexican populaafter these brethren came. It was tion in the world.

held at Tecalco, Feb. 7 to 9, 1903, It will, of course, be borne in

and so far as I know, was the first mind that we are kept out of Mexconference held in the Mexican ico by laws that have been passed

Mission after the reopening. Ten in order to expel therefrom a very

people from Utah and the Colonies large force of foreign priests who, were present, viz.; John W. Tayfor many years, have been taking

lor, of the Council of the Twelve heavy tribute from these people.

A. W. Ivins, President of Juarez Laws must be general In their effect

Stake and in general charge of the and we must abide by them even

Mexican Mission; Ammon M. though they be not aimed directly

Tenney, President of the Mission; at us. We hope that many years

Hyrum S. Harris, then studying may not pass before a modification

law in Mexico City and later Presor interpretation may be made ident of the Mission; Elders Alon,- which will again give our elders

zo L. Taylor, James Jacobson, access to this great field. It would

Samuel G. Lake, S. M. Foster, and appear to be ripe and ready for

Joseph H. Parry, Jr., and myself. harvest and the time when we may

I think there must have been about President and Mrs. Arthur Welling, be permitted to go back cannot

three hundred people present. I I\orth Central States Mission come too soon.

L. D. S. Relief SocietyPresidency, Wolf Point,

Montana. Mrs. Arthur

W elling, right center.

Left to right: Painting Iron, Nimrotl Davis,

Arthur Welling (Pres.),

Runsthrough—Wolf

Point Branch Presidency, Montana.

The J\orth (f)entralQtates MISSION EMINISCENT of the 5)/ North Central States Mission earliest white men to,. by President Rudger Clawson,

explore the great NorthJuiy n, 1925 with John g. ARTHUR WELLING Allred as its first President,westRare such names as "Duluth,"great mining and shipFresident with headquarters at Minneping center at the western apolis, Minnesota. In June,

extremity of the great Lakes, 1929, President Allred was "Hennepin"County, Minnesota, Northern, and the Canadian Mishonorably released, and Arthur "Marquette"Ave., Minneapolis. sions, extending roughly from the Welling was appointed to succeed

If we accompany these intrepid Great Lakes to the Rockies, and him.

and Minnesota, embracing North missionaries explorersFrench and is into divided Mission npHE the Black South to Mississippi River what thedown Dakota—except: Yelas follows Districts eight Hills Montana, line,is the MinnesotaIowa now Country—Eastern ManitoSaskatchewan, lowstone, of the Provinces Canadian and that along west take ourthence way Dakota, South Dakota, ba, North Saskatchewan, Manitoba, and Online thence south Dakota, to South MinneSouth Minnesota, North as as far tario Arthur, Port East theto southern along west and ten are There sota, Lake.

little for and, a of fringe Alberta with 1 state to n nearly that ofborder Wyo01Bel-oras rfollows Branches ganized: as the organized measure, was good just time in turning northming, Billmgs, Chmook, fry, Berthold,

to exclude the Black Hills corner Dalbo, Harlem, Minneapolis, St.

of the state, thence west to and Paul, Winnepeg, and Wolf Point.

along the boundary between MonOf these two, Berthold in North tana and Wyoming to the northDakota, and Wolf Point in Monwest corner of the Yellowstone tana, are Indian Branches presided

Park, thence due north through over by well educated full blood

Great Falls, Montana, across the Indians. Nearly as many subCanadian border and on to Beaver Branches are presided over by local

Crossing, Alberta, near Cold Lake, and by regular missionaries. These

northeast of Edmonton, thence east sub Branches include Bozeman, across Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Livingston, Tyler, Regina, Grand and part of Ontario to Port Arthur Forks, Duluth, Spring Vale, Manon Lake Superior, thence south kato, and Sioux Falls. Fifteen

along the shore of the lake and Sunday Schools, eleven Relief Sodown the Mississippi to point of cieties, ten Mutual Improvement beginning, we shall have bounded Associations and numerous Prithe North Central States Mission. maries complete the organization of

This great inland empire, apthe Mission.

proximately 1000 miles square, There are in the Mission approxcarved from the fringes of the imately 38 Regular Missionaries,

Northwestern, the Western, the h. D, S, Chapel, Minneapolis, Minn. Continued on page 561

Thietherlands MISSION or Holland, NEDERLAND"as it is commonly known, By other has, any more than CLYDE BIDDULPH and JAMES E. HOUSTON in Europe, country progressive

maintained her individuality and preserved many of her distinctive national characteristics. This is

apparent particularly in the rural districts where one may still see the picturesque windmills, the grassy meadow land dotted with cattle and sheep, the peasant costumes with wooden shoes, and the neat farms and villages that have for centuries typified Dutch life the world over. As one enters this

prosperous little country he is indeed impressed and fascinated with the beauty and peacefulness of both country and city.

The Kingdom of The Netherlands is comprised of eleven provinces, which cover an area of 12,- 650 square miles, or about 1/7 of the total area of Utah. Into this

small area approximately 8 millions of people are crowded, who, for the greater part, live in or near Closing the last gap of the Dyke betained for the benefit and education

Den Oever and the coast of and the The tween Dutch the cities. As collection of of the people. The

Friesland. closely very been have Netherlands is represenhere paintings found

connected with the founding and with its spacious, treelined streets tative of Dutch art and life, and development of our great Amerand modernistic display of recently includes some of the famous works ican Republic, Holland's history erected buildings. In the older part of Rembrandt, Van Dyke and

and her attractive scenes will alof the city, however, as is the case other noted Dutch artists. A speways be of special interest to Amerin all Dutch cities, one may still see cial Rembrandt exhibit has been

icans. the treebordered canals in which held during the past summer which

gathered paintings are busily from comprised barges always numerous city capital the MSTERDAM, A this especially for the in commerce. world whole water engaged The realmost Netherlands, of The people occasion. style curious 17th 80,000 of the Some Dutch city American of an one minds century may still be seen in many took advantage of this rare opporfine brick buildings. Amsterdam tunity.

will be remembered as the scene of Rotterdam, situated on the the Olympic Games of 1928. The banks of the Maas River, is one of

stadium, which was built especially the great ports of the world. It

for this occasion, is still an object handles fully half of The Netherof interest to many tourists. The land's foreign trade and a large porRoyal Palace and the Rijks Mustion of the trade of the German

eum are special places of interest. Rhine territory. Here the ocean

As the name indicates, the Rijks ships are unloaded and the cargoes

Museum is the property of the transferred to the smaller river

Dutch Government, and is mainboats that ply up and down the

Rhine River, which joins the Maas

The Peace Palace, The Hague Continued on page 5 62

South <iAmerican<J)fCissions

/ MISSION WORK lyjLv2CtltiflCl

192s'1933 Brazil By By PARLEY P. BORGQUIST - PETER LOSCHER

was a beautiful autumn day L, D. Argentina,5. Meetinghouse,South AmericaBuenos Aires, every nationality and language ITin the fall of 1925 when the represented in this mass of humanis

its territorial ity. bounWithin the whistle Gold and blew field, which opportunmeant new

daries three are the geographfound City Salt left Lake Limited Coast ities, experiences, persecunew new ical torrid, temperate zones, and three all East. Across for points tions converts. the and new On it is these for frigid, possible so it trains flew, states of then a change day of 25th 1925, December,

clinationalities a to find various another then over more; and two offered Ballard Apostle prayer the

change, over four more states it dedicating this land to the preachmate somewhat equal to their naraced to the world's greatest city. ings of the restored and reestabtive climate. Argentina has a

New York. A few days rest in lished Church of Jesus Christ. population of nearly 12,000,000

of people, them with 3,000,000 deepthis the metropolis and then Since the that time South Amercities, its principal in living two signals liner whistle throated of the ican has Mission prospered and Santa de Rosario Aires at Buenos and is to eager to for "castloose"she is the present divided into two is meats, It great of Fe. a producer her be way. on districts. great comprisone The grains. other hides, wheat, corn and ing the of the Argentina whole and the channel swings She down

past the Statue of Liberty and out other the whole of Brazil. Argentina is not only unique as

into the great Atlantic. The big a country, but also as a mission

ship's nose points south and 36 Argentina—-19251933 field. It is new! It offers to the

hours later she passes Bermuda, and young Mormon Elder everything then on the boat noses through CINCE the United States passed that his heart has ever yearned for.

silversheened equatorial waters to such strict immigration laws, Excitement, opportunity, opposiRio de Janeiro, the world's most Argentina has become the melting tion and all this interwoven in an beautiful city. Then on she plows pot for the nations. Practically old romantic Spanish background.

to Santos, the great coffee port, and It offers everything for which our finally swings her nose into the L. D. S. Chapel, Joinville, Brazil, fathers and forefathers fought and

port of destination, Buenos Aires. South America conquered in the old West and all

Aboard those this in a strangely trains and that ship new country. The

were three men, orsystem of running dained of God, authe mission is conthorities of the siderably different

Church we reprefrom other mission sent, fulfilling or fields. We have no

helping to fulfill competition or reanother prophecy quired hours for this (Rev. 14:6-7). or that work to be

These men, namely accomplished. This

Apostle Melvin J. field is run on the

Ballard, and Presihonor system, each dents Rey L. Pratt Elder Is placed on

and Rulon S. Wells, his honor, in this

of the seven Presicase, his homor to dents of Seventies, God, to his Church, had traveled this and to his parents, 10,000 miles to to accomplish everyopen a new mission Continued on page 546.;::

-II II |fcMltHM||—11—Ifrll. -1 =L(] itoriQl==—

May 23, 1933. as he lay in his own blood, he waived the draught

Elder Harrison R. Merrill, of cold spring water that was brought to quench

Managing Editor, his mortal thirst in favor of a dying soldier. St.

Improvement Era. Paul described a gentleman when he exhorted the

Dear Brother Merrill: Philippian Christians: "Whatsoever things are

While on the way home from Los Angeles just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever yesterday, where I went to dedicate a couple of things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good meeting houses, I did some reading from the old report, if there be any virtue, and if there be any time school book of my boyhood, Wilson's Fifth praise, think on these things."—G. W. Doane.

Reader.

I have pleasure in sending you a copy of The Three Black Crows "Speaking and Doing,"also a short piece entitled "What is a Gentleman?"I am sure your subTwo honest tradesmen meeting in the Strand,

scribers will read these selections with interest, and One took the other briskly by the hand many grayhaired men will remember not only "Hark ye,"said he, "'tis an odd story this.

these splendid pieces in Wilson's Fifth Reader, About the crows!""I don't know what it is,"

but many others. Replied his friend. "No? I'm surprised at that;

I opened the book for the purpose of copying Where I come from, it is the common chat:

"What is a Gentleman?"but I found that part But you shall hear: an odd affair indeed!

of the poem "The Three Black Crows"is on the And that it happened, they are all agreed:

page where the selection "What is a Gentleman?"Not to detain you from a thing so strange,

starts, and as at this time we hear much about A gentleman, that lives not far from Change, things of a political nature, especially in view of This week, in short, as all the alley knows.

the efforts to repeal the Eighteenth Amendment, Taking a puke, has thrown up three black

I think the poem "The Three Black Crows"is crows."

very appropriate, when people talk about the "Impossible!""Nay, but it's really true;

awful failure of Prohibition, what has happened, I had it from good hands, and so may you."

and how much better it will be to repeal the "From whose, I pray?"So, having named the

Eighteenth Amendment, etc. I am sending you man,

a copy of this also. Straight to inquire his curious comrade ran.

good wishes, With all "Sir, did the affair you tell"—relating Sincerely your friend and brother, sir, I did; "Yes, your care, and if it's worth

Heber J. Grant. Ask Mr. Such-a-one; he told it me;

But, by the by, 'twas two black crows, not

Speaking and Doing three."

Speech without action is a moral dearth, Resolved to trace so wondrous an event,

And to advance the world is little worth: Whip to the third the virtuoso went.

is Let us think much, say little, and much do, "Sir"—and so forth—"Why, yes; the thing

If to ourselves and God we will be true; fact,

And ask within. Though in regard to number not exact

What have I done of that I have to do? It was not two black crows; 'twas only one; Is conscience silent—say? The truth of that you may depend upon

Oh! let my deeds be many and my—Bulleid.words be few. "WhereThe gentlemanmay I findhimselfhim?"told me"Why,the case."in such a

place."What is a Gentleman? Away he goes, and having found him out

1 A GENTLEMAN is just a grenf/e-man; no "Sir, be so good as to resolve a doubt."

more, no less; a diamond polished, that was first Then to his last informant he referred.

a diamond in the rough. A gentleman is gentle. And begged to know if true what he had heard.

A gentleman is modest. A gentleman is courteous. "Did you, sir, throw up a black crow?""Not I!"

A gentleman is generous. A gentleman is slow "Bless me! how people propagate a lie!

to take offense, as being one that never gives it. Black crows have been thrown up, three, two,

A gentleman is slow to surmise evil, as being one and one,- that never thinks it. A gentleman goes armed And here I find at last all comes to none!

only in consciousness of right. A gentleman subDid you say nothing of a crow at all?"

I I recall jects might, his appetites. refines nov/ his taste. gentleman A "Crow—crow—perhaps

sir, feelings. pray, was't?"his subdues what The matter over.""And A gentleman A gentleman

deems every other better than himself. "Why, I was horrid sick, and, at the last,

gentleman—mirror2. Sir Philip Sidneythoughwashe neverwas ofsoEngland'smuch a SomethingI did throw up, and told my neighbor so, knighthood—as when, upon the field of Zutphen, that was as black, sir,—Byron.as a crow.

S45 I——II—MiM"""-—in—ll——f—ll'==lQ ITOriQ

Susa Young Gates versatile,philosophical.imaginativeThesetype,qualitieskeenlyhaveperceptiveenabled andher

IN the passing of Sister Susa Young Gates, the to attain to the unique position which she occupies

Church suffers a real loss, and one which is in the affairs of Church and State. All that is

written in will necesbe Gates her lifetime of Mrs. for Susa"recognized "Aunt knew all who

sarily it is inadequate; perspecthe through only a clear thinker, courageous shewhat was—aby tive years of her that achievements and dynamic staff will observer.speaker, a direct Eta and The

miss her in many ways, for she dropped in to the power will be fully discernible."(History of the

office frequently to disCuss some new thought or Y. L. M. L A.)

theory, and while there she always gave voice to Typical of the letters received by her during her a doctrine of the Church of Jesus Christ, and left life is one which was sent to her daughter, Lucy her hearers stimulated in their thinking and appreGates Bowen, recently, written from the National ciative of what she was doing for them constantly. Press Club in Washington by a man who accomTo see Aunt Susa as she went about her daily panied VicePresident Curtis on his campaign tour

work was to be impressed with her distinctive last fall, and met Susa Young Gates while visiting personality and strong mind, both of which she in Salt Lake. The letter follows:

the the exclusively to work of almostdevoted recognize her to her well was knowLord. To as "To"DeartheLady:daughter of Susa Young Gates:

outstanding, and to be glad that she was just "This letter will surpise you a little—but I must writeAunt Susa. She was the second daughter of it—to express my last tribute of respect and admiration far

Gates. Young mother—SusaBrigham Young and his wife, Lucy Bigelow your"I briefly at met you veryYoung, and was born in the Lion House on March (Founders'Day) when I wasProvoaccompanyingduring CommencementMr. Curtis

18, 1856—the first child to be born in that nOw (VicePresident of the United States) there last October

historic building. On both sides her heredity and ha;d the very real pleasure of an animated chat with

was good, and in addition to what she inherited, yourthat wasn'tmother.animated?By the way, did she ever do or say anything

she developed a number of interesting qualities of "Later I received from her an autographed copy of the her own. Her education was unusual for a girl Brigham Young biography in which she not only paid

very appreciative flattery bit to of the paid carried her a inclination time, soonof her and her myself—but

touching tribute to most her father and I can mother that fields, of her literary she spentinto in which much recall in a long time time until her death. Knowing shorthand and "Saying in effect: 'My mother loved my father devotedly

stenography, she was able to write very rapidly, md I adored him,'etc., only using beautiful and sentimental

and her thoughts flew even faster than her hands. language in so doing; so that all in all it constituted the

Associated with her college paper at the University many,finest tributemany years.to parents from their child that I had noted in

of Deseret (the forerunner of the University of "My thought then was: Any system or policy of mating

Utah) she later was a contributor to all the which could produce so much life and love in its course was

Church magazines and papers, and was the orworthy of emulation and should never be let perish.

ganizer and first editor of the Young Woman & husband."Today Anyit is littlerare actionto hearof ahiswifethatspeakarouseshighlydisappointof her

Journal, which magazine now has become a part ment or jealousy in her is deemed sufficient excuse to maltreat of the Improvement Era. Always interested in and libel the man.

cultural pursuits, and being a natural leader, she "Today one never, Never hears a child speak admiringly, even, alone adoringly, I see parent. of a strike babies clubs, the in music organizing instrumentalwas

their etc., youngsters noses, and thumb fathers—andlet science at the domestic departments Brighamand universal signs a revolt of this against in parents—everywheretheir of state chapter University, the first life. city andYoung modern

the Daughters of the American Revolution in "Let me ask in closing: Why should not the living

Utah. Perhaps her largest field next to her chroniclesevidences andof Mormontestimonyhistorythere incorporatebe to the loveclearlyandwhatevermutual

Church work and her writing, has been that of cooperation there was between mates in the early Mormon woman's activities and affairs. Always a forceful system? We Gentiles have in the past done much to derogate

and influential member of the National Council it. I think it only fair that history should make clear the

point your clear so mother to wonderfully made she and honored has become me—if knownof Women, indeed that was like condition. anything a general Our its leaders, to has appointments andby had many present system of certainly mating to leaves so very much

speak and write for and to this great organization. be desired.

Of late years she had devoted much time and "Really, I suppose your mother was an exceptional woman. She reminded so of much me own my Neweffort to Genealogical converted has work and

ancestry, it see to all I hate England passing Beyond. on These

is theirs to to the opportunity whichmany others later generations to in their lacking seem be admirable many render service to their loved ones who have gone qualities.

on. From the time of the completion of the first "With all kind good wishes,

temple, she has been an indefatigable Worker, and "Russell McFarland."

has written much on this subject. On May 26, 1933, she passed away, leaving a

"She is engaging and brilliant in conversasorrowing family and a host of friends who have tion, and possesses the repletion of sentiment loved and admired her, and who, emulating many which naturally accompanies an artistic temperaof her teachings and precepts, will be better prement, this emotional nature being held in check pared to meet her when they too shall pass beyond.

by the saving grace of humor. Her mind is the—. T. B.

546 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

"TThe South American MtssionsContinuedpage from543 thing possible in the shortest posMission Work in Brazil prepare them for our glorious messible time; however, not forgetting sage.

is the adage, old "whatever worth is rest the the of '\T7'HILE world are songs, Church Our which is well."doing doing worth its tired weary, counting and liked well of hundreds by many

first set Since foot the Elder in remaining under down, people, ring the today through days—way this in of the country 1926 work a the tropical of in beams the sun jungles helped and have many friends the has and found Lord daytime, the and under splendor souls forget their to weary hard

residconverts the people among of the the in Southern Cross nightlives, their pioneer troublesome and ing here. In seven short years this time, like a big, slumbering giantbattle with the dangers and soils

district a splenboastsArgentina of and undeof a strange nature. land and a raw baby—lies Brazil—vast house,did meeting memberand a veloped, larger but even often more Although they have nothing

ship of 114 people. The Sunpromising than its northern brothto offer but a little cottage, black

day Schools are organized as well er, the United States of America. beans and cornbread to eat, they

as the Mutuals. A well organized And still the average reader of are happy if the servants of the

and regular program of hall and newspapers knows, with the exMost High share with them what cottage meetings, plus tracting and ception of a few revolutions, very little they have and teach them the visiting, places the Gospel within little of this awakening star. simple teaching of their Friend,

every distancehearing of thousands had "no rock upon which to who field, a mission Brazil As shows rate at thisweek. the mission Even his head."the features perlay there is same and barely has in Argentinawork

scratched the surface. There are haps no other land where missionThe utmost is often required of.

vast territories where Elders have aries of this Church are engaged at the young elders in regard to health the present in proclaiming the mesin this very damp and swampy yet set foot.not Only two cities sage of the a Lord, that has such climate, fever malaria and typhoid privilegeof the Argentina have had

of having the restored Gospel splendid outlook for development are still names that threaten the and success in the future, as has healthiest and strongest of our mispreached to their inhabitants and in these two cities there are approxiBrazil. sionaries. And in many other

mately 400,000 persons per misOf course, it would not be just things, they have to forget that sionary. The work of the Lord in to draw comparisons in figures, althey came from a civilized land, a

this mission is in competent hands though the fact that in 4 years of land that is about 100 years ahead but more workers are needed to labor about 120 souls were conof this country. The horse in

is the today automowhat to the Church, that Brazil shows to insure a verted the vineyardprune is bile for old America. Many the blessed has the Lord humble harvest. betterlarger and tools that and methods working activities the of few elders.

The members of the Church in are used here are to be found in people consist, of Brazil The museums of the United States.Argentina are humble; they are the with exception milof a few

firm in their belief in God. They lions of wild Indians that dwell But it is no mistake at all to be

want to learn and do everything in in the unexplored regions of the reminded wherever you look, of their power to aid the progression Amazon River, mostly of Portupioneer days, and feel, wherever the inspiring you go, Godfearing, in this mission. theof They work guese, Italians, and Germans. Up spirit of fathers our pioneer and Eldersare sustain to willing help our to now, us brought work of mothers, lacking all the comfort field, give to arein the willing they largely in contact the with German civilization, presentday battling the possess to thateverything they settlers, colonists speaking and who for a place the only under sun and a testimony haveChurch. They live often hours from away many blessings. God's

of the truthfulness and veracity of the railroad, in the jungles.

this Gospel; they do thank the Although we are only seven

Lord for His many blessings. They Joinville, a typical little German missionaries at the present and for

town of about 14,000 inhabitants, this reason some have to worktruly are members of the Church will the place of alone, start to the servants in bigwhere was work weof Jesus Christ of Latterday ger cities soon. very through first guided were And to hold the Lord

Saints. meetings, and today the Church has the help of the Lord, we hope to be

At the present time there are a nice little branch there and is in able to spread more light and preseven Elders, the Mission President possession of a wonderful little pare the millions of souls of the and his family in active service in chapel. Sunday School and M. I. southern part of ZIon for the comArgentina. They are a fine bunch A. and many other institutions of ing of our Lord and Redeemer.

of young men, men who know that the Church, have been of great And we even hope to have time

God lives, that Jesus is the Christ, value in the past to these people of enough to warn the many Lamanthat Joseph Smith was a prophet Brazil, of whom only 12% are ites, that still inhabit this land.

of God. They kneel down with able to read and write. In some We hope that in the meantime

thanksgiving in their hearts for other places, where the work was the giantbaby, Brazil, has awaktheir priceless heritage and ask that started, teaching school and helping ened from its slumber and that it it may be preserved. And now in them work in the fields were the will be a chosen and special blessed

the language of the country we will first means to touch the hearts of land, carrying many of the blood sav "Adios."these poor and devoted people, to of Israel.

Little Journey ThroughA > Western States Mission

By ELIAS A. WOODRUFF

President

L. D. S. Chapel, Denver, Western States Mission

with me and we will Junction, Colorado, the following people can be accommodated in theCOMEtake a little journey through morning. In the heart of the resimain hall. At conference time it

the Western States Mission. dential section we have a chapel; is usually filled. Two missionaries

in dedicated 1929, headquarters and by have in Alamosa. The visit states shall the of ColoerectedWe

in Elder District George Albert the Smith and whole San Luisrado, Mexico, Wyoming, New is district 1930. completely lying branch as far north whole The cross Iowa, into the riverNebraska,

lies as Leadville, Colorado, and westand go into the southwestern corner organized. To the south

at as far line is as Montrose and Somerset, in the the Utah travel Delta,of Dakota. South We shall each of these which places of the a hands we have two elders. Toin miles. all about five thousand

lies organization. Stake. south Santhe San Luis to small shall go into the mountainsWe

are the principal go up the Grand River to the Manassa ford and Wean elevation of 10,250 feet, and down to the Missouri River where summit of the Rockies and at Tentowns.

we are scarcely a thousand feet nessee Pass find ourselves 10,250 At this point we turn westward above sea level. feet above sea level. into the mountains to Durango.

Leaving Salt Lake City in the Now we wind down the ArFrom Durango we go to Mancos, evening, we find ourselves in Grand kansas River through the Grand Lakeview, and Cortez, places of

Canyon of the Arkansas, or Royal historic interest. The Mesa Verde

Gorge. As we emerge from the Park is a mecca for tourists. We Brigham Young Tree, Florence, ISebraska. Tree is said to have been canyon-—Canon City comes into

planted by President Brigham Young. view. Here we have a well organOld Mill, Florence, Nebraska, used by

It originally had twelve fine branches. ized branch consisting of Sunday Saints while at Winter Quarters

School, Relief Society and SacratysM ment Meetings. We continue on

to a point where the Fountain River empties into the Arkansas.

We find the ruins of an old fort erected by members of the Mormon

Battalion. We are in the city of

Pueblo, population 75,000. On

the corner of Sixth and Fountain we have a neat and convenient chapel, with a branch numbering 190 members.

Now we turn south and west to the great San Luis Valley. Our

first stop is Alamosa. At the corner of Tenth and State Streets we

have a commodious and neat brick chapel. One hundred seventyfive

548 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

have a few Saints here and there, mansion and its attractive grounds. labor here. Street meetings, cotwith a Sunday School at Pagosa We try to make our grounds tage meetings and tracting keep

Springs, another at Lakeview. as beautiful as their park. The them busy. It is a fruitful part of

We return and go south into New sightseeing busses pass the Denour Father's vineyard. At Omaha

Mexico. We pass by the ancient ver chapel and the guests are told, a comfortable and artistic chapel is

pueblo of Taos and enter Santa Fe, "This is the Mormon Church. located at Arcadia and 30th streets.

the state capital, and second oldest The pastor is a Utah man and North of Omaha lies the town of city in the United States. Sante Fe loves flowers."It is one of the Florence which is better known as

claims the oldest Catholic Church. most beautiful churches and "Winter Quarters."In the park

It is a city of romance with a grounds in Denver. More than may be seen the "Brigham Young"

strange blending of the ancient and 600 members of the Church reside tree. Originally it had twelve great

modern. Now we are on the main here, and our Sunday School and branches. Last year three of them

line of the Santa Fe and we turn other organizations will compare were cut off after they were damwestward into Albuquerque, the favorably with the best wards in aged by lightning. The old Mormetropolis of the state. Here we the Stakes of Zion. Five miles mon Cemetery is at Florence and

have a splendid branch of the south we have the Englewood is kept in good condition. The

Church. The Mexican Mission chapel. We also have a small SunOld Mill which furnished grist to

has elders stationed here at times. day School organized at Barnum our people still stands. It has been

The two sisters laboring in Albuand another at Mandalay Garmodernized and a portion of the querque frequently help the Spandens. Also a branch of the Church building has been added to.

ish sisters with their Relief Society. at Fort Collins where the AgriculAcross the river is Council

Again westward, and we come tural College is located. Several Bluffs, Iowa, where we have a

to Bluewater, a typical farming families are living at Boulder, home chapel located at 9th and Avenue community. We have our own of the University of Colorado. A, with a busy, happy congregasisters here. elderschapel amusement and two The Two

is elders similarly one in that hall "VTOW we go into Nebraska. At tion.labor here the onlyat Bluewater two and

part of the country. People from North Platte a small well orand two sisters in Omaha.

all around come to our parties. We ganized branch meets in a rented

larger hall. Island a Grand At west, for Gallup, the north andleave Bluewater we go in XTOW similarly organized meets branch Mission. limit of thewestern Dakota, into South turning A

well organized branch meets in a LiederKranz Hall. In Hastings and come to Rapid City. Here we

rented hall. the Odd Fellows Hall is our home. have a Sunday School. Rapid City

The Elders conduct the services has been better known since Pres- "TTT'E retrace our steps to Albuthere. We are in the midst of the ident Coolidge spent his summer

querque. We follow the Rio corn country. Continuing through there a few years ago. The black

Grande River southward and reach Nebraska, we come to Lincoln, the hills, which lie westward from the

Socorro, where Doctor Sterling B. capital of the state, where the State city, are filled with trout streams,

Talmage and his wife are promiCollege and Agricultural College and the pineclad hills, lakes and nent figures in the community. are located. Lincoln is the home forests, attract many tourists. Here

Farther south we pass the great of William J. Bryan and John J. in these hills are the famous old

in Lincoln branch Our right Pershing. ButteElephant Dam. On our of and Lead. At Deadwood towns

a rented meet in is small and we LordsSilver City,lie the cities of see city the old we of Deadwood burg and Demming. We are at the hall. Two elders and two sisters a monument to "Wild Bill Hicsouthern end of the Mission. Eastkock"and "Calamity Jane."If

ward through Texas about eighty you ask why they built a monumiles and then north brings us to Permission Granted ment to characters whose names

Roswell. We visit the Carlsbad 4UTHORS of the Senior Manual quotsound like bandits, you are told

volumes, the libecaily ed two from recently UntilCaverns and Clovis. keepers of the peace they were

States."Rethat in "Social the United Trends laboringmissionaries have been the lawless. of enemies and We Research President of ComHoover's port

there. At the present time we have mittee on Social Trends, by permission of are now in the section where the

no elders in this entire southern the publishers, McGrawHill Book Com- "Custer Massacre"occurred. Sixty

community. pany, Inc., of New York City, but because miles north our branch at Belle

in order to be rusheed had the manuals enter Continuing northward we attention. attracts our to Fourche We the for conference in time out have them has again. Trinidad atColorado factory sugar are told that the the had not a exact of acknowledgment form

small branch of the Church. Next been received. Mr. Hugh J. Kelly, repreBelle Fourche has one of the best

we visit Colorado Springs, one of senting the company, however, has been records of the UtahIdaho Sugar the acknowledgpermitted has kind andthe of Colorado. towns show The group. Company

in this magazine. to be made ment in Colorado ofbranch the Church make our way over the Now we the President's report of That ComSprings meets in the Odd Fellows mittee, according to many sociologists, is black hills to Sheridan, Wyoming.

Hall. a very important document and should be Along the road you see a sign,

Denver is our next stop. It is studied by those interested in government "Sheridan only thirty miles away,"

direction the in in the which the headquarters of the Mission. and people another sign, "Sheridan only twensuclar as the governas well and church

Civic pride runs high in Denver. ments of this country are taking. The two ty miles away,"and you are reThe city is beautiful and especially volumes have been condensed into one and minded of the old patriotic poem.

so in the summer months. The are being suggested as text books in sociAt Sheridan we have a sugar factory

already been adopted They have the ology. located in ofChurch is one a fine community. own our We higher and of institutions of by a number city choicest sections the of are elders building. church Two learning.

Across the street is the Humphry's (Continued on page 563)

Chapel at Atlanta

in DIXIEMARCHING ON By South is old in story. It he reasons from the scriptures CHARLES A. CALLISTHEis rich in spiritual achieveproving that the Plan of Salvation

President is of divine origin. ment. In tracing the hisin Georgia,tory of Methodism a of the Catawba the banks C\Methodist minister declares that River, South Joseph Smith, "are hospitable and County, in York"John Wesley personally organized live the of noble."the Carolina, remnantat 1 in Savannah first the 737, Suntribe of once warlike powerful and Ellis, of a C. grandson Johnday School in the world, nearly river dethe Indians from recently bapSidney Rigdon, was whomfifty years before the beginning of its inrived an were name. is assisting tized They Florida. in Hethat type of in work England."race. telligent and handsome local the in brethren open holding

About twenty per cent of the air and other meetings. In public Tradition says that the Catawba

missionaries who have come to the discourses and Gospel conversations Indians came down from Canada

Southern States Mis- t o South Carolina ofsion are descendants 12,000, numbering families who accepted about the year 1600, the Gospel in the South A devastating scourge and afterwards moved of smallpox, wars with

West. The southern the Cherokees, ShawSaints do not leave nees and other nations

their "first love."The depleted their numbers

spirit burns as brightly greatly. At the present

in their hearts today as time there are upwards when they were first of 250 souls in the converted to the GosCatawba Indian Napel. Their first ardor tion. "So sleeps the

of gratitude and zeal toward God endures. First Headquarters,

"The Southern peoSouthernShady Grove,StatesTennessee,Mission, ple,"said the Prophet 1875.

550 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

pride of former days, so glory's The missionaries render musical is thrill o'er."deliver doctrinal adprograms and Gentlemen Are Made—Bystations. It is interesting several radio to note that the dresses over

Catawbas were the first people in Mothers An invitation has been extended this country to present a temperBy Jules Lutge to hold a revival service for one petition. week, over the radio, in a certain ance On May 26, a chair dinner guest pulls out who

city. asked the authorities they of South graciouslti, 1756, rHEfor his partner so acquired

Carolina the to protect facility from that because them taught mother a wise of hundred two TJPWARDS as to her think for lady."and him "a do "fire white water"man's which sisters are local brethren and with thoughtfulness man The whom their debauching was men, young missionaries. as part time is instinct be to the of a serving son seems an

result as a of the and whites which to be encouraged mother him tracts who are distributing and They were taking advantage of the Inthoughtful of her. holding hall, cottage and open air

sacred for regard dians in the womenhood, That bartering trading and faith courage and With is meetings. is the attribute of a gentleman, which the between But two peoples. the are preaching word. they A tribute to a even more, mother. some strong drink given continued to be ability experience local elder of and

to the Red Men and they were Is presiding over one of the districts.

their gradually dispossessed of in organist of the Sunday one toilThe Presently appeared Indian an lands.

Is Schools is a young who woman the ing underbrush with through their are swelling. But numbers totally blind. has memorized She a his deer shoulders. soon on As are a reviving increasing and They the worker devoted This hymns. as range Chief within he came

race. a In generation the Catawba is at services her conducting song fired, careful aim, Hagler took and

tribe itself. has more than doubled nonwhere and members home, fell tracks. his in dead the Indian

this in refulfilment the of And to learn the Songs gather members to the the white Turning man prediction, rich in markable promZion. of said, "Justice been has done, Chief

ise, uttered the Prophet Joseph: by appreciation still It of sincere are brothers."word was and we A as shall Lamanites blossom "The friends: life for a our that idea the Indian's nonMormon The must

the rose."be given for a life, and that any help they give, though indirect, in

Fully ninety per cent of these life would suffice. preaching the Gospel cannot easily

Indians are members of the Church. be measured. The privilege of

They worship in an attractive 'TpHERE are fortysix organized using the radio and the newspapers chapel and they officer a branch orbranches and one hundred and without charge is of inestimable ganization with Relief Society, nineteen Sunday Schools in the value. In several of the branches,

Sunday School and Mutual ImMission. They are outposts of the jurists, educators and public ofprovement Associations. Shining Church. Local people are in ficials have responded to invitations

out in the lives of these people are charge. You will find these orto address the Latterday Saints in

faith, devotion and loyalty. The ganizations on the Old Spanish their houses of worship. Bands

Gospel message was first delivered Trail that runs across Florida; and orchestras and professional

to the Catawbas in 1883 by Eldalong the banks of the Swanee singers appear before some of our ers Henry Miller and Charles RobRiver; in South Carolina, the congregations and render special

inson. The latter died at Kings Palmetto State; in Georgia, settled and delightful music.

Mountain, S. C, while filling his by General Oglethorpe and his

is the praise due Sunday OIGH mission. colonists; throughout and Alabama I. Prithe A., School, and M. the Mississippi. Columbia, In and

generfor the organizations TOURING the administration of the mary capital of Carolina, South on the last royal governor of the very spot where the city was surous contributions they make to the province, the chief of the Catawbas rendered to General Sherman, in advancement of the work of the was King Hagler. There is a story 1865, a beautiful chapel has been Lord. They have succeeded In enabout this noted chief that reveals built. In historic Charleston, listing many nonmembers in their

the Indian Idea of justice that forwhich is under the guns of Fort ranks. It is no uncommon thing

merly prevailed. Sumter, the Saints meet in their for a nonMormon boy or girl to

starting party of braves the minute and onehalf A two Several give worship. of house out own

a story hunt, so the on goes, met talks in the School. Young Sunday Schools, organized small Sunday

a Frenchman, who was passing lately, are held under the widemen and women, not of the faith, through the reservation. He carried spreading branches of ageold oaks take an active part in the lessons

I. A. In a violin and played a number of and cypress draped with Spanish and programs in the M.

tunes for them. The magical music moss. most of the neighborhood pribox was coveted by one of the maries, more than half of the memyoung braves, who waylaid and bership Is composed of children of

killed the Frenchman to obtain nonMormon parentage.

possession of the instrument. In the hearts of missionaries and

White men went to Chief Hagler members there abides deep respect, and demanded that the murderer loyalty and love for the First Presbe punished. idency and all the General Author-

"Justice shall be done,"said the ities of the Church. The splendid

Chief, who was in the woods enministry and lives of these great gaged in a hunt. Chief Hagler leaders inspire those that are encarefully loaded his rifle and blew a gaged in this glorious work with

long blast on his horn, recalling confidence and a determination to his young men from the chase. Catatvba Indian Girls'Chorus keep the commandments of God.

ast Gentral States MISSION By

rolling Carolina, the plains of hills L. JONES Kentucky, of Tennessee andINChurch1928 deemedthe authoritiesit advisableof theto MILES

establish another mission in President West Virginia, to the beautiful the Eastern part of the United Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia.

is approxiStates inasmuch as the work in the The total area included

Southern States Mission had grown mately 20,843 square miles with a to such proportions that it was population of about 12,396,000.

impossible for the President of that This is divided into eight districts

Mission properly to take care of the in which are included twentyeight work, and consequently the East organized branches. Among the many places of interest are, TheCentral States Mission was organat Bardstown, Kentucky Old Homeized, by taking from the Southern

at Place Lincoln's Birth HodgensTennessee,States Kentucky, North Cave in ville, and the MammothCarolina, and West and Virginia; at Kentucky; Mountain Lookout States. the EasternVirginia from

Elder Miles L. Jones was called to Chattanooga, Tennessee, and

preside over this new Mission. Jamestown, Williamstown, and Yorktown, in Virginia.

In company with Elder Stephen In the earlier days of missionary

L. Richards of the Council of the work in this section, as in almost

Twelve, and Sister Richards, Elder all other sections, the missionaries

Jones took his departure on Nowere confronted with the enemies vember 19, 1928, going direct to of prejudice and hatred to the exNew York, where he was met tent that many hardships were enby President Henry H. Rolapp of dured and in some cases lives were

the Eastern States Mission. From given in defense of the truth. This

there they proceeded to Richmond, evil wave of hatred, however, has

Virginia, and were met by Presslowly receded and the spirit of ident Charles A. Callis and a numprejudice has been greatly diminber of the missionaries laboring in Lincoln's birthplace, Kentucky. Eldished until at present this hostile

that locality. Prom there they ers Jos. Fielding Smith, Miles L. Jones, feeling is scarcely manifest. This,

made a tour of the states that were Walter E. Gibbs. no doubt, in large measure, is due

to comprise this new mission in to the exemplary lives of the Saints order that President Jones might ently assigned to their various fields and the persistent efforts of the misbecome acquainted with the Saints of labor. sionaries in crying repentance and

and also be made familiar with conThe scenic beauties of this mis- "declaring glad tidings of great ditions in general. After looking sion are outstanding, varying from joy"in accordance with the words

over the situation very carefully. the wide open territory of North and commandments of the Lord.

Elder Stephen L. The worst thing

Richards and Presito combat at the dent Jones decided present time, seems it would be advisto be the widespread able to locate the and almost universal headquarters of the attitude of indiffermission at Louisence, and this is hard ville, Kentucky, as to overcome. The

this was a point that present period of dethe missionaries pression and distress, could reach very together with the easily in coming inearthquakes, floods, to the field, and tornadoes, and pesfrom which they tilences of various could be convenikinds seem to be working a great Old Kentucky Home, change in the spirBardstown, Kentucky Continued on page 5 63552

awrence THE WATERWAY OF ROMANCE

By E. L. CHICANOT

Wood carvings by FrenchCanadian ques Cartier, reached the Bay de found Ville Marie, the nucleus of in craftsmen, it sailed be. Anticosti metropolis the to arrived along demand by visitors from Chaleur and By

States, the United in the explorers other to further second were Island. voyage who On a

/LJTvTUHN rjTTijNTcBURiNb succinct"Adefollowingthe Strait ofyearBellehe Islepassedand throughentered exploitation;open Annerica Frenchto civilizationcolonists andto

scription of the Thames as small gulf which he named St. establish agriculture and industry;J liquid history"might with Lawrence after the saint of the day. priests and nuns to spread chrisequal fitness be applied to the St Later in the same year he reached tianity over the continent. The

Lawrence River as far as America the Saguenay, learning first from its St. Lawrence saw the birth of foris concerned. Not only is the fresh waters that he was no longer eign trade in the northern area, the

mighty waterway associated m on the open sea and bound for arrival of assorted merchandise most intimate manner with virIndia as he supposed. He profrom Europe to be exchanged for

tually every episode of Canada's gressed further up the river to the furs which were carried back.

birth and early development, but it Indian village of Stadacona which The St. Lawrence was witness to

is distinctly featured the glorious rise of in the historic background of quite a M?'. Chicanot, a Canadian presents his beloved jj. pageantry and rolarge section of the river. His sentitnents will find an echo in the hearts mance, its heroism

States. industry. It saw United Had its sailed those Treen waters have of up who or who,""

first St. of clearing the there been no f. / / story tn. or have J with. have tramped fought. Wolfe enerin the the e Lawrence and woods

getic years that have with the French explorers. Truly it is the waterway settlement of farmsince experienced heen

early days those the of romance. on communitiesIts banks, uprecord of the evoluspringing u p of

tion of a very substantial territory afterwards became Quebec. Going countless villages overlooking its

on either side of the international yet further up he encountered an waters. It carried the boats of

boundary would have been very island in the river and on its shore Wolfe to the storming of the different. And still the great river the Indian village of Hochelaga, Heights of Abraham against the

continues to take a hand in the which after many evolutions was army of Montcalm which won writing of the history of modern to become the modern metropolis Canada for Britain. Some years

nations, contributing to the realiof Montreal. later it brought to almost the same

'zation of their commercial ambiThereafter through the agency spot the American revolutionary tions, furnishing a convenient and of this magnificent body of water, forces under Montgomery to attack speedy medium of international navigable and safe, were introduced the British.

communication. into the life of the new continent

Though it is probable that the those factors which were to transNormans and the Basques knew the form it from a wilderness of ungreat waters of the gulf in the known resources to a developed, eleventh and twelfth centuries the richly producing territory. It saw

first known record of their being the arrival of Champlain and the sighted by white man was when in founding of Quebec. The boats of

1534, fortytwo years after CoMaisonneuve traveled along it to lumbus had landed in the New World, the French explorer, JacSight-seeing, Quebec, Canada

The Improvement Era for July, 1933 553

increasing popularity they have studied the map, that with the people of the Montreal, an inland port situated

United States as a a thousand miles from the sea, is shorter, convenient, actually nearer Europe than United luxurious and scenicStates ports situated on the Atlanally attractive route tic. As a matter of fact while

to Europe. Every Montreal is 2,773 miles from Euyear the months berope, Boston, the nearest Atlantic

tween.spring and late port in the United States, is 2,810

fall have come to witmiles, or 37 miles farther. New

ness the arrival and York is 3,010 miles from Europe, departure at Montreal or 237 miles farther than Montreal.

of scores of holidayThe Canadian inland port is 373 makers by the magnimiles nearer Europe than Philadelficent ocean liners, phia, 551 miles nearer than Baltiveritable floating palmore, 1780 miles nearer than New

The Quebec Bridge aces, which ply between the great Orleans.

inland port and the romantic counThe traveler leaving for Europe

Americans have every reason to tries of Europe. by Montreal journeys for about

feel that the St. Lavirence is part Historic reverence and sentione thousand miles in the shelter of

of the romantic fabric in which mental interest would, of course, the banks of the St. Lawrence River

their own history is bound, for the never alone account for such before the vessel reaches the open names of many great personalities popularity. The gulf route has sea and encounters the rougher congreatly revered by them as playing many features to commend it. It ditions to be naturally expected

a notable part in the nursery days is in the first place a short route, there. In other words, travel on

of their country cannot be disaswhich is in itself sufficient to recomthe ocean is cut down by approxisociated from the mighty river. mend it to many travelers. A submately onethird, which is an imFrom the St. Lawrence LaSalle stantial part of the journey to portant consideration to those who

started his exploration which took Europe being in the sheltered river, do not enjoy the ocean trip for him over a wide territory including the length of time spent upon the itself alone.

Michigan, Illinois and Ohio. Father open sea is accordingly reduced, Many tourists choose the gulf

Marquette traversed the St. Lawwhich appeals to those disposed to route because it takes them at the

rence before journeying down the suffer from mal de mer. Travelvery outset of their vacation into

Mississippi to win an immortal ing by this route means getting a new land. They are really

name for his labors. Much of the abroad immediately, starting one's "abroad"a week sooner than they

mission field of the Jesuits who set travels, in fact, from a new rowould otherwise be. An overpoints journey from many St. the layout Lawrence from land. finally the journight's in mantic And

to States brings them in the United States the Unitedwhat and is now River, the St. Lawrence ney down

the people of that country can especially made in the magnificent historic Quebec, France in America, justly lay greater claim to Breboeuf transAtlantic vessels sailing from and they get a taste of what the

Lalement, Jorgues and Hennepin Montreal, is one of the most picOld World has to offer before prothan any others. turesque and altogether enjoyable ceeding to Europe. It means a

water trips the world has to offer. good deal to many people that they AND today, with the United can thus, as it were, extend their

States and Canada great modtEW people appreciate, nor can holidaying and experience at such ern nations striving side by side in they usually be convinced until an early stage the complete change peaceful rivalry, the St. Lawrence

as a great international waterway is an asset of prime importance to both countries. It is a great commercial highway by which the

varied products of large sections of both countries start on their way to the export markets of the world.

Prospects are that in the not distant future the power latent in the course will be jointly developed for the benefit of both nations. And

not least it furnishes all America with a travelway to Europe of unparalleled historic interest and engaging loveliness.

More particularly within the last decade or so the St. Lawrence

river has come to enjoy a steadily

Mont Horenet Falls, glimpsed from St.

Lawrence River after passing Quebec 554 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

and refreshment of foreign travel. ter of intense interest to passengers Standing sentinel over its entrance

Then the two days journey in owing to an optical illusion which are mighty Capes Eternity and the majestic ocean liner upon the seems to make it impossible for the Trinity, among the famed natural broad, calm waters of the St. Lawtall masts of the ship to clear the wonders of the New World, and

rence, days of leisurely browsing in structure. which lord it over a region of

air, intoxicating, invigorating grandeur that is unsurpassedthe oldest, rugged of the Then Quebec—one in sheer beauty well prove, anywhere.may picturesque romantic most and

to be one ofand enjoyment, the cities city of the New World—ahighlights to Europe. of a trip For of "DY the time Father Point is saturated appearance medieval with

practically the entire time the historical association. Set upon a reached the mighty river has in

traveler is within sight of both or rocky eminence it towers over the breadth begun to take on the apone shore of the river and every vessel upon the river below, a jewel pearance of an ocean though passpot upon which his eyes rest, until set upon a rugged crown. The sengers know nothing of that

land is lost sight of and the vessel ancient citadel upon the ramparts, tossing associated with the open begins to toss upon the bosom of the high gabled roofs, the narrow sea. Here the pilot taken on at

the Atlantic, is mellowed by cenclimbing streets are all distinctly Quebec is dropped and the vessel turies of romantic history. reminiscent of the old world and proceeds along the Gaspe coast unTug ropes draw taut as the vesgive the transAtlantic passenger a der the command of the captain

sel draws slowly away from the glimpse of Brittany before he has who will take her across the ocean.

wharf at Montreal against a backleft his home continent. Gaspe, the region where Cartier first

ground of embarkation sheds, giant landed and, planting a cross, took vessel passes beside The downelevators, skyscrapers towering and the in the possession of land new

Isle the delightfully of pastoral all lovely over thelooming moun- a France, has of the of King name called Orleans, the Cartier which itstain city gets the from which its all wild, beauty own. rugged

Isle of reason the of Bacchus by be and from whichname after village Still appears village profusion grapes of which grewdisassociated. Montreal Canit cannot—shore, receding steadily the upon its shores. just before upon And greatada's metropolis, business the the little settlements harbor which vessel skirts a the the shore south largest citysecond speaking French direct the of French descendants is glimpse of caught Montmorencyin city the churches, conworld, of first the colonists followed who Falls, casexquisite that of ribbon universities, shrines,vents, old islands of explorers. Numerous is cading water one which hundred parks natural marketsworld and as passed are beauty transcendent feet higher Niagara. than traveler can the understandone serenely ride vessel to continues the

bound for Europe being reluctant Villages appear tinier on the on the ever windening bosom of to leave it so soon. ever widening river as Tadoussac is the great river. Then from its

Ahead lie long hours of tranquil seen on the north shore. This old decks is sighted Anticosti, an island

floating in the balmy air upon unfur trading post, first visited by of about 2,000,000 acres of wonrufflled, sunstreaked waters, eyes Cartier in 1535, is at the mouth of derful fertility.

feasting upon the panorama of the Saguenay, a river 700 feet deep. Two routes offer around thispastoral beauty. widening Ever

are the verdant banks dotted with substantial island, one by the north and mainland shore Quebec and the villages,quaint old whitewashed

Strait the of Belle Isle, on through spired gleaming,houses church shore the south the other between all. overtowering could Volumes the of islands the coast and and

this written beenbe and have on continuing Provinces, Maritime the tovoyage from Montreal ocean. Only a few features can be either along the south coast of proceeding or north Newfoundlandselected for mention here.

Isle. Either Belle into the Strait of

after leaving hours few Mont- A full sheltered, of comparatively lesser isreal the of passing and many leadbeauty and and fascination, settlementsoldworld Trois Riving to the open sea.

is reached. Riversieres or Three

It is so called because the St. Two days later than he would

Maurice River, at whose mouth it be traveling by another route the stands, has three outlets. An old traveler loses sight of land and is

mission and trading post it is today upon the vast windswept ocean.

a thriving industrial city and port. They have been days of luxurious,

protected voyaging, through a reCHORTLY after leaving Three gion where old world charm blends

Rivers the Quebec bridge, a with primitive beauty in a manner classic, aweinspiring structure, rethat is unparalleled, where every garded as one of the world's greathour upon the deck is replete with est engineering feats is sighted. It interest and enjoyment. It is little

has a longer clear center span than wonder that seasoned travelers are any other bridge the world over, regular patrons of the St. Lawrence

measuring 1,800 feet, and is aproute to Europe, that a greater proximately 153 feet above the number of new American tourists high water level. Passing under travel down the great waterway

the Quebec bridge is always a matFriendly Companionship each season.

Second Place First Place Third Place

Indoor Photograph Contest Results

the entries in the able pictures. 10, 1933, flashlight, stop f:8.WHILEIndoor Photograph ConWe are happy to make the Prize, $3.00. test were not as many as awards as follows: Third Prize—"My Best Dish, in the contest The Improvement First Place—"Waiting for DadToo,"by G. Vernon Castleton,

Era sponsored last summer, they dy,"by Paul S. Bieler, 2928 Grant Eureka, Utah; taken April 1,5,

were, almost without exception, Ave., Ogden, Utah, taken 10 a. m., 1933, 5 sec, stop f:1 1, flood lamp.

very good. In most cases the April 10, 1933, 1/5 of a sec. at Prize, $2.00.

photographers made definite atstop f:4. Prize, $5.00. Other pictures entered in the contempts 'to tell stories by means of Second Place—"Faith,"by test will be run next month. This

their pictures, and a number of Grant Leonard and Wayne F. Mccontest will be repeated next winthem succeeded in producing creditIntire, taken at 9:30 p. m., April ter, in all probability.

Outdoor Story Picture—Contest

pictures pleasure for only 1 and Octakes that is, he does not make a business BYtheseexercisingdays ofcare,newespeciallyand fasterin tweentober 30,the datesinclusive.of July

films, the amateur photographer 2. Only amateurs are eligible to of taking or finishing photographs

can make his pictures tell interestcompete. (An amateur is one who for pay. The fact that he sells a

ing stories. In order to encourage picture occasionally to a publisher

the camera sportsman to think does not make him ineligible.)

story in connection with his picGiants in the Earth 3. Each person may enter as

tures. The Improvement Era wil] many pictures as he may care to

give three prizes for the three picBy Bess Foster Smith enter.

in 4. Pictures be printed must

tell interesting are the mosttures which the hills made IITHAT out of?"black paper. and white on glossy '* I asked mother one day, mystories. pictures all be These must

entitled. They may tell the stories "Now"God madedon't thembother,longbutago,"run saidand she,play."its 5.reverseEach side,picturewrittenmust bearlightlyuponso

children,connected animals with as to picture, not the the name mar the thing, father I asked same pets, all sorts, my gardenof picof the the person submitting hills, the do makes "What you know?"busses,nooks, it ture, stop date taken, the the was said includingautos—anything he, volcanoes. at "Erosion,""and

all that has a story element due to And glaciers of ice and snow."and time used, and the title.

position, condition, activity.

Now how in the world could I under- 6. If pictures are to be returned,

stand so specify.

Rules of the Contest From what the grown folks said, 7. Address all pictures to OutSo I have decided, the hills are the graves door Story Picture Contest Editor,

1. Photographs must be taken Of the giants that now are dead. The Improvement Era, 50 North

by the person submitting them beMain Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Identity Western Wonderland Country Spring

By Anna Nelson Reed By Ann Jarvis By Eleanor A. Chaffee

haunts, stand here, kneedeep in joy, a lover of high mountain JHHE /COULD strangest thing of all to mc /AM -* Is individuality; glaciers, waterfor hours, gleaming Of mighty

That I am I, and he is he, falls, Seeing the pear spray break along the wall.

Without, so far as we can see, Swift, foaming streams, blue lakes, and The first young swelling promises of

The liberty of choice, mineral founts; flowers;

And how indeed it came to be Of forests perched atop fantastic walls Hearing the robin's loud, familiar call,

That this same personality Abounding in all colors known to man; Knowing the full perfection of a field

Wc keep through all eternity, Of glowing deserts, sunlit, shifting Where a plow has written promise in

To sadden or rejoice sands; straight rows,

This blooming valley, that lone, windWhere the very air with sufficiency is sealed

Yet, after all, we'd hardly dare swept plain; As he who looks on country landsaape

Another's unknown lot to share, Of pounding surf, steep cliffs, and ocean knows.

Or change what wc may have to bear strands. I could stand here and make this moment

For what might be a load of care I love the solitude of desert nights last

Greater than we have known; And moonlight filtered through dark Until my senses drank the beauty in,

For, e'en in moments of despair, evergreens, Storing its harvest up against the blast

When others'lives may seem more fair All beautiful, heartfilling sounds and Of city streets and their unending din

And easier beyond compare. sights, Seeing the bees go laden to the hive,

We cling unto our own! The sunrise, sunset, starlight changing Thinking how good, how good to be alive!

scenes.

Where could I find these great loves close

Garden Scandal Save atonlyhandin my western wonderland! Two Sonnets

By Elizabeth Wbitmer Locke By Alice Lee Eddy

Song of the West I nPHERE is scandal in my garden My -* Porter Wilford D. By I find myself to blame; And there poetry in sagebrush, be any

are saying Lady Hollyhocks tattered garb of grisled, beggar CANThis sing of the wide, song you a covered I have them with hills? West, shame. LETwildme

kills slope In of gray that monotony pine, the the sage of and song A In thoughtless love of my that All timid softness? Brutal powers a the slope. crag the and of son color For am I feet their planted at have crush of a nursemaid the brook was AndI frowzyheaded, poppies, Wanton sages before cringe Gnarled weak? The mine. indiscreet. Pleasuremaddened, the rush

in filled lark spring the the whispering glad will be with Yet Of winds. song My

perfect the plan I thought wasAnd trills winds:

lift Till the I saw haughty trees; clear forest His Undaunted. tune the sky the of whole moans With

aristocratic noses.Of fills. dizzily as they the splash of streams With

sniffed. the opium was When fall. lilac in evening's beauty hush. comes And

Do I find the weaker sisters While their spray is borne by the breeze. There'sThere's terrorgaiety inin theflasheyesofofpheasanthunted rabbits.cock.

their silly heads With bowed bass down? The will be notes from thunder's Broad comedy in ground squirrel's noisy

exulting. gay, I have found them roar. deep habits,

Each behaving like a clown. And the chorus from songs of the birds. Stark tragedy in swoop of ringtailed

The tenor will be from the hum of the hawk.

If I ever do find pardon bees No fabrics From my Lady Hollyhocks, Mellow notes from the flocks and the song, these, to fashion dreams and

I will promise in atonement herds. Fierce tomtoms beating challenge to the

Next year neighbors shall be phlox.

Let me sing you a song of the strong, strong!

stately West 11 'A song of the gorges and mines,

Desert Mystery For I am a child of the trail and the cliff; Aye, poetry is here but who can write?

these catch cadences in words? puny Of the cactus, the thorn and the pines, How By Lowell C. Ballard line in the measured and sweep How snare

surge trail I rode along a rocky A LONE - its crooked That wound way into the Anthology of Utah Verse AndStropheday?andHere'santistropbcpatternedof versethe nightof crystal

hills. light

is rapidly going forward an on TTTORK

I wail- a ridge a coyote heard topped and shade. song, purple Cloud a windAnd ''is Verse. It of Anthology Utah the cry rides quivering that dirge.That swept

it that will ready be aerie hoped publicafor wings sagas epics robust noble With merge

It tion early spring. or midwinter by Desert Mystery.Of clinch rock weather gruein and Where

will brief contain living biographies of fight. some

to poets in addition one Utah and from closing yaps His rolling of thunder strong drums The and ten one. or twelve each written by poemsElectrified air loneliness. the with low, editors—Elsie restless spirit the night The ofAnd then this raucous shout of sun, relentless, The

Harrison R. Merrill—willTalmage beBrandleyhappy andto a silhouetteAppeared, the against sky; scorching.

Alert, he sniffed the breeze and glided on have nominations for its pages. They will The lilt of rains, soft pauses of the snow,

A shadow in a shadowed land. greatly appreciate the cooperation of the The tread of years, the tramp of seasons

poets. Communications should be admarching.

My horse dressed to Anthology of Utah Verse, 50 The tidal beat of eons ebb and flow

Had flicked his ears and with a shy concern North Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. These are the mighty rhythms sage lands

Curveted gingerly along the trail. know.

By J. RAE TOOKE

Illustrations By Fielding K. Smith

"It was the first time he had seen into Conivay Gordon's heart, and what he saw there startled him."

TELL you Con, it He led the way to a room where was in me. There wasn't enough

IS no use your trying to argue me warm tints of walls and hangings, apparently."His hands were gripout of it. You lawyers make your cozy chairs and shelves of books, ping the chair arms tightly. His

living arguing, I know, but I've seemed reaching out in friendly body sank further into the cushmade up my mind this time. I welcome. Drawing forward two ions as he said, "I'm glad Mother

think Etfhel sees it too. Our marbig chairs, he motioned Jeffrey into didn't live to see me giving in."

riage was a mistake from the first."one of them. "You're not giving in!"ConJeffery Fare's face was flushed "You see Jeff, I can't help but way Gordon's words were hurled

and earnest. His keen, bright eyes, think of your little son,"he began out like a challenge to a fighter.

shot forth quick, pointed rays of as they settled into their chairs. "Yes I am Con. We are only

light as they looked defiantly into "You were just about like he is ruining each other's lives this way

I firstthe face you."saw when of the older man standing now

I ever it! "thebefore outgrew bad him. ''Too andis—thereI wantis—"to tell you that there

"I know there is no use menother broke in with a short laugh. "Another woman,"Gordon's

tioning the money side of it to "No, I don't think that, Jeff. voice broke in.

you,"he went on, "and yet a case Your record so far has been one Jeffrey nodded slowly.

is a case in these hard times, and that any person would have reason "She nursed our little boy two if you won't handle it, somebody to be proud of. There's something years ago. We haven't seen a greatelse will, for I am prepared to go inside that fine healthy body of deal of each other since, but—well,

through with this. Last night's yours that won't let you go crooklove is a thing you can't command.

hideous affair put an end to all ed. You're made of the stuff that Her faith in me has been the one

thought of happiness in our doesn't run, Jeffrey Fare, and I'd thing that has kept me going lately.

home."bank on you doing the right thing You see how It is now don't you,

"Just a minute, Jeff old man."on almost any occasion."Con?"

The older man's voice was rich and "I see that side of it, Jeff. Your

full; just the sort of voice you face told me more than your words,

would expect Conway Gordon to J EFFREY shifted unbut let me ask you a few queshave when you looked into his easily in his chair. "You've been tions."He leaned slightly forstrong, kind face. It was the sort a mighty good friend to me Con ward, facing his companion.

of voice that would win your trust I used to call you. Uncle Con, "You have lived long enough

and confidence even though you did didn't I?"and seen enough of the failures and

not see the firm chin, the broad, The older man nodded and Jefweaklings in humanity to apprehigh forehead with the sprinkling frey went on. ciate certain things which you have

of gray hair above it. "Tihat's why I want you to back of you which they perhaps

"Just a minute boy, not so know that I didn't jump into this never had. What are some of those

fast!"Gordon laid his hand on thing all of a sudden. I've seen it things, Jeff?"

the young man's shoulder while he coming for a long time. I tried to "Mother!"Jeffrey answered

looked into the straightforward pretend that I didn't see it at first. quickly. "You knew mother.

eyes. "Come into the den. We I fought against the admission of Con, and I think you know how

will talk about it."it; fought with all the stuff there much she meant to me."The

558 The Improvement Era for July, 1933 young man cleared his throat glaring into our souls. We see it took both your father and your

gruffly. the gnarled finger of scandal pointmother to make up yours. No

"She was a splendid woman, ed at our children and we must matter W|hich of you takes him he

Jeff. They don't make so many needs stop and consider the cost."must do without the other in a

like her. Was there anything else?"His gaze came back to his comseparation which is more cruel than

"Well I guess you might say panion's face. death and one which society sancthere was my home life generally. "Marriage has never been for tions and brands at the same time."

Dad was a funny old stick in many me, Jeff, yet through my profes- "I know what you're trying to ways but he wasn't so bad. He sion it has been my lot many times say, Gordon. God knows it is no

and I,hit it off pretty well you to search the depths of marriage; easy problem to solve but a man

know."to reveal its hidden wounds or its has to go through it to understand.

"Did your father and mother buried happiness and I have learned You have always been so outside have very much in common do you a great deal. it all. You can't realize the drivthink? Were they in love?""When it is a question of diing force of the power of love."

"Oh I never thought much about vorce and there are no children the them in that way."Jeffrey gave thing is comparatively easy to setTv..HE eyes of the two

a short laugh. "Somehow a kid tle; where there are, it is an entirely men met. Defiance shot forth

thinks of his parents as being past different matter."from the glance of Jeffrey Fare but

the romantic stage. They never "And do you think for one moit fell defenceless before the woundwent out much together except ment that I have not thought of ed, hunted look caught behind the

when we all went along, but I that?"The young man's head quiet gaze of his old friend. It

always thought that they were was thrust forward, his eyes were was the first time he had seen into satisfied."staring hard. "It is not my wish Conway Gordon's heart and what

"Your mother was a lot youngto leave my little son. He will be he saw there startled him.

er than your father, was she not?"loved and cared for in the new "I'm sorry. Con."The words

"Yes she was, and she always home."were simply spoken but they rang

looked it; always so fresh and full "But he loves his mother, Jeff, with sincerity.

of life; beautiful, wasn't she?"just as he loves you. It takes both "I guess there aren't many know

"Beautiful all the way through. of you to make up his life, just as it, Jeff. They've known me for

You have reason to be proud of so long as a confirmed old bachelor her young man. But what if sj:ie but there was a woman, Contentment in fallen someone love withhad one. never could been havelad—just There

who is not employed) left taken or you, you and (Here's a housewifeelse and first I another that the time from left your father to satisfy her own By Lucy G. BtoomReld met her. But I was too late. Same

desires? How do you think it '# 'O you—-vast numbers out of work, old problem, been going on since

would have affected your life, tak- -* I could spare a bit and still not shirk. the start of civilization, I guess.

ing the viewpoint of society into I'm up at dawn for a busy day. She was already married."

consideration?"There's a big, big wash to put out of the "I had no idea, Con, I'm sorry!"

way.

But first comes breakfast for my bunch, "There was a child too. That

1 SEE what you're getAnd while I'm about it I'll think of lunch. is what made the difference. It

ting at now; lawyer tactics all As the spuds are frying and mush is boilall happened in a city far from here

ing, dif- I seeright. tell you it was but I can her yet on the night But

the roast to keep It from spoil- I'll put on

Jeffery case."decision."their she wavedferent in her made ing.

his hand as though to clear away Then rub-a-dubdub till almost noon. The room seemed suddenly to be

the argument. "They were conBut I'll lighten the task with a merry tune. filled with a warm radiance that

lit up the face of the speaker.tented and I can't think of mother For whyoutshouldend, I worry, my work's withever wanting to leave me or Dad There's mending to do and babies to tend. "She had had her fight, Jeff. I

either. We were happy together. In the midst of all the fuss and flutter, could see that in spite of her brave

It seemed to take us all to make up I must set little Paula to churning the smile, but for the sake of the child, fast to what shethe home. But in my own case—"And thenbutter.when the wash is almost rubbed, she was holding

"Hold on, we'll come to that I must tie up a toe that Monte has stubbed. believed to be the only way.

later."Conway Gordon moved Then daddy calls from his garden gay; "'It is going to be my life's

in his chair. He seemed talking to "Mother! Come! See what's blossomed work now,'she told me, 'to make

I can for my childsome unseen presence in the room In the afternoontoday."I take a wee rest, the best home

as he went on. It strengthens my patience. I find it is best. and the man who is his father.'

"It is a peculiar age in which we Then Ruth with her music has made a That is the reason, Jeff, that I have life alone."people.live; Every gone a queer through we are

one two three, two three, voice trailed off and for a His divorce, read we talkday we take. diFor her—onemistake,time I must

vorce, we sanction divorce and Our family, big, little, old and young, moment neither spoke. Then the

separation. We even advise it for We work and play till set of sun. younger man lifted his eyes quesletters ther're to write, tioningly. acquaintances. when Yetour to round things up for odd it AndIn thea evening,few

lays its talon claws "And do you think after all on our own night.

hearts; raises its rancorous voice in But I have the joy of a day well spent. that she was right? Did the result

our own homes and demands recAnd on my pillow I find content. justify the sacrifice of her and your

life's this with work when happiness?"ognition, I'm own then do we see it in a And through, is for you to judge, Jeff. light. "Thatdifferent I'll to do. find in heaven I hope work

"We feel the eyes of the world That woman was your mother."

orever or ever By Captain TRUE BANHEARDT HARMSEN The story so far:—

John Aider returns from a mission to Holland.

Louise fails to meet him.

The neighbors give him a warm welcome. He quarrels with Louise, then

learns that she had made it possible for him to finish his mission. Finds

her with Biff Randolph at his Welcomehome party at her house. John breaks

with Louise, gets his ring back, and sours on the world. He is off on the

wrong foot. After four

months he goes to work on the "Herald,"morning newspaper, in the mailroom at seventyfive dollars per month. There

is an extra one Sunday, and he is forced to miss church. The circulation

manager tells him to adapt himself t o conditions, make friends, to find himself, to look for good instead of bad in people. He

made an attempt, and was asked by the pressroom and mailroom gangs to help buy some pie and eat with them.

Biff tc a s laughing.

"Come a g ai n,"he PART THREE mocked.

Chapter

R. ALDER had sekind of concreteheaded mule. Jack, offered it to me; felt like you didn't

cured work again, and John found the short, liquordrinking maillike me, or something. Now I feel OneM that he could save a Httle money, room foreman, caustically informed like you were my friend. Thanks."

and have more to spend on himself. Red that John Alder was a recently John sensed that little speech

A month had passed since the night returned missionary, and as decent had gone over big. Red Grogan

of the extra. John Alder had stood a fellow as ever drew breath; he was eyeing him critically. He

for a lot of kidding, but he had didn't smoke, chew, drink, nor smiled.

been accepted. The pressroom and carouse around. "You used to be quite a husky,

mailroom gangs had called him "I didn't mean any harm,"Red didn't you?"he asked. "You got

"Reverend"and "Preacher,"but explained. "I was just bein'so- a swell pair of shoulders. I'll bet

were now calling him John, and ciable."you sure could fight. I'm a boxer.

nobody offered him tobacco anyThere was a moment of embarWas rated one of the best; but I

more. He was thankful for that. rassed silence, then John said: couldn't pass up the bottle—now

One night Red Grogan, a new "Thanks, Red. It shows your I'm fightin'a press. Don't never

pressman, offered him a drink, but heart is in the right place, anyhow. start drinkin'. It's the Devil's

I old Sam, eyes glowing like coals I don't use nor like the stuff, but own pastime—but sometimes

of fire, called Red a such and such I'd felt kind of hurt if you hadn't think old Nick is too smart to.

i60 The Improvement Era for July, 1933 touch any of the filthy stuff himwas, technically, nothing to him-—ing. Auto lights whizzing past

self, but gives it all to the poor there were no strings on her. He him, street lamps blinking, and a

cusses he wants to ensnare. The realized this as he stared at her, big truck rolled through the street,

Devil ain't so dumb."fighting for words. She no longer flushing the pavement. The big

It was still an hour until presswore his ring, and perhaps she moon gleamed like molten gold in time, and there was nothing to do would never do so again. the wet surface. There had been

but wait, so John went out into the Then he was grasped by the an accident on the Herald corner.

warm spring night. A big moon shoulder and spun around. Biff Nobody injured, but a lamp stansplashed the pavement with silver. loomed before him, his shoulders dard had been overturned. Broken

He walked along the street, and hunched slightly, his fists churning glass strewed the street, crunched soon found himself standing in slowly in front of him. under his hurried steps. Broken

front of Louise's home. A light dreams under aimless feet! Shatwas burning in the front room, so "Put 'em up and fight!"Biff tered ideals, hopes! What was left

he went up the walk. snarled. "Come on! Are you to him? Ambition? Why amHe felt that he had to see Louise. yellow? Yuh started something, bition when the others are lost?His fingers fumbled in his watch young fellow—now fight!"He descended the stairs to the

pocket, and found the little diaFight! He did not want to basement pressroom. The bright

mond still there. It seemed as fight. What would the Saints in lights hurt his eyes. His right eye

though the ring burned his fingers. Holland think if they knew their was almost shut, and ached. He

That ring belonged on Louise's District President had had a fistic passed his hand over his face. It

finger,'there-—tonight.and he wantedModern?to putYes,it encounter?it somehow. HeButwouldhe soonget outfoundof camebrowawaywas redcut, andhis sticky.upper lipHispuffyeyeLouise was ultramodern, but he that he had no choice. Biff flicked and sore. A shout greeted him

knew that if all the boys spoke a stinging right at the end of his then a growl came from the throats highly of a girl, called her one nose, and he was forced to put up of the two gangs. They gathered

hundred percent, there wasn't much his fists. Then blows came fast about him, asking questions all at

chance of her being bad. Lowcut and furious. The air seemed full once. The tears would not stay

dresses, painted fingernails, painted of fists. Fists smacking into his out of his eyes. Old Sam shooed

lips and cheeks, powdered face, face, chest, sides, stomach. He was the bunch away, took him into the

plucked eyebrows and mascara groggy, and staggered. He saw, as washroom, and bathed the eye with

gummed lashes, that bouncing through a mist, a fist streaking for hot water, then cold water, then walk of hers trying to be graceful! his face, could not avoid it. A hot again. It felt better. The

Yet, in her bluegreen eyes there crash! Lights flickering and flaring tears ran freely, but with the bathwas character. Somehow or other up, flames shooting in all directions, ing of his face, one could not know.

he didn't feel so harsh toward then he felt himself falling. He told Sam about the fight. Sam

these things, even though the best He shivered, sat up. Biff was grunted.people didn't condone them. standing over him, holding an The bell rang. Cylinder plates

empty bucket. The contents had for the big press were being sent

CJN the porch, he been poured over him. His clothes down, and the pressmen were adraised a hand to knock. A giggle clung to him as he got to his feet. justing them. It was nearly pressfrom the porch swing brought him Biff was laughing. "Come again,"time, so Sam left to help. When

up short. He turned slowly, and he mocked. the press started grinding out

walked over to it. BiflF and Louise papers, John went to the mailroom,

were sitting side by side. and for the next two hours he was Chapter Two so busy he had no time to think Surprised, John faced Biff, who

got slowly to his feet. He was of anything except getting the

taller than John, his shoulders JrllS head hurt as he papers bundled and into the right broader. walked back to the Herald build mail sacks, then the bundles for the

"You are no returned missionary carriers were made up, and later the tonight, Mr. Alder,"he snarled at downtown carriers were counted

John. "Get out!"out, then his work was done; he Children could go home. He gave John a shove.

John staggered, then hurled himBy Sotveig Paulson He turned to go. The pressself at Biff, knocking him off balroom gang was waiting for him.

eager, these children, are so mailroom gang gathered The nnHEY at theance. Biff himself caught

-*- Reaching hungry with hands around. look a grim Old had Sam his the porch, swayed, armsedge of

experience and For wisdom his face. the on at looked He ducked wildly.swinging John their bands. narrow Within

others, they and nodded. turnHe into his shoulderand rammed

Biff's ribs. Biff grunted and fell They are so precious, these beings. ed again to John.

potential such power With that "Tell guy was, and us who the lay porch. the onfrom He

fulfillment Straining toward care we'll take of he anhim,"turned gasping.ground John every waking Through

. hour. nounced. crouching to Louise,back was who

against the wall. They are so tender, these children, Red thrust them all aside, and

Words flew from his hea'rt, but They drain the strength from me confronted John. "Tell me. Never

others. Tell me. I'lljammed in his throat. What was And'Forsendgrowthme reverentlyof soul andto prayeyes that sec. mind them there he could say? He was butting fix him. I am experienced. I know

in where he had no business. Louise Continued on pae 569

The Improvement Era for July, 1933 561

Northwestern States Mission Continuedpage front529

One of the most important his appointment to the Mission TT is almost a year now since the features of our work is our Book Presidency, and has been carried on first call for special workers was of Mormon Day. The twentyonly for the last five years. sounded, and the response it has

second day of each month is set Another feature of our work received is most gratifying. In that

apart especially for the distribution that was introduced by President brief period nearly three hundred of this book, and no other literature Sloan is our annual Caravan to the men and women of all ages, have is used. It is our custom to meet Cardston Temple. This event volunteered their time and their

early in the morning at some contakes place during the latter part of services so that the great work of venient place, and hold a brief July, and is participated in by proclaiming the Gospel might protestimony meeting. Each missionSaints from the farthest reaches of gress. This response is particularly

ary bears his, or her, testimony. the Mission. It is divided into gratifying at the present time betwo parts: The first for the people cause of the scarcity of regular mis-

'\X7'HEN our meeting is over we of Montana and the eastern secsionaries. Due to the direct labors

depart for our tracting distion of the Mission, and the second, of these missionaries several baptricts and try to base all of our about a week later, for the western tisms have been performed, and conversations, and talks, on the section. many people have been brought to

Book of Mormon. It is said that it is the special a knowledge of the Gospel.

During the past few years exduty of this dispensation to take So we find the Mission to be in periments have been carried on with care of its kindred dead, and it is splendid shape. Our tithing ofthe books placed on this day, and with this thought in mind that we fices are receiving produce, which is

the reaction of the people toward set out each summer for the beauused to help the poor, and our good them. It is interesting to note that tiful "Temple City,"almost a Relief Society sisters are always

experiences of the richestsome miles of thousand away. clothes in for those preparing busy missionaries in conhaveour been better see the you might That need, Saints are all, the and above thatnection these books, with and results of our the Caravan, and the cooperating with working and bepeople havethrough more them durof accomplished amount work

the in Missionaries spreading Gosinterested in the Gospel thancome I ing its sessions, the secured have through books placed at any other following data: During the past pel through these four Northwesttime. six years the work has been done ern States: Oregon, Washington,

The Book of Mormon Day is a for 5,069 baptisms, 2,700 ordinaparts of Montana, and Idaho, comparatively new feature in our tions, 6,318 endowments, and 934 along with the Canadian Province work. It was inaugurated by Pressealings. We feel that this is indeed of British Columbia, and the terident Wm, R. Sloan shortly after a splendid accomplishment. ritory of Alaska.

<IC>OtTke North Central States Mission Continuedpage from'541 twice as many Specials, and 2600 region make Minnesota a goodly Last winter a group of Elders in members, with a total population land. The Twin Cities, MinSioux Falls, South Dakota, won

of approximately 10,000,000. neapolis and St. Paul, have a comthe championship of the Y. M. C.

Minnesota, land of ten thousand bined population of about 750,- A. Independent Basketball League,

lakes, is still comparatively well 000, in which honest, sturdy, and with it a host of friends; but

timbered and still abounds in the industrious Norwegian and Swedin the main our missionary activfish and game which made it a ish stock strongly predominates. ities are chiefly of the old reliable

paradise of hunters and trappers in They are a goodly people, too. type. We occasionally exhibit at

the old days "when it belonged to State and County Fairs, and have times, states prairie air"a of but the been few Montana, "on the Indians, and when 'TpHEGod"and it. at not power good More we are and South Dakota, North and across carried MinnehahaHiawatha

the brook in a nearby park which adjacent Canadian Provinces are to our more successful associates in now bears her name, and in which more arid and of less varied inthese lines.

stands a lifesized bronze statue dustry; but for thrift, industry and Accompanying are views of our

of that chivalrous performance at hospitality of their people they are Mission Home, the Minneapolis the spot where it is supposed to second to none. In Canada naturChapel, an Indian group, our

are of the people of ally many Old Basketball to occurred.have Now it belongs team—ourselves. descent English a cherish and comsuccessfulthe only politically the work of our local Just now

FarmLabor party in the United mendable pride in the institutions or special missionaries in estabStates. But fertility of soil, abunand traditions of the Mother Counlished centers, and of the summer

dance of fish and game, the milling try and of their early Colonial Hisprojects of our Regulars are our interests of Minneapolis, the railtory. All in all we modestly admit major interests. With 10,000,000

road interests of St. Paul, and the that we have the very best Mission people to contact we must "be

mining and shipping interests of in North America, or for that matabout our Father's business."Hapthe Iron Range and Lake Superior ter, anywhere else in the world. py Day.

562 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

ilT/ie Central States Mission Continuedpage from533 loyal support, and increased effigarding their kindred dead and are terested in the work, and the parciency has been the natural result. finding much joy in the work. It ents, noting the good that the little

can be truly said that here, as elseones are deriving from the work,

TN the past two years Mutual where throughout the Church, the usually become interested, not

Improvement work in the Misspirit of Elijah is being richly merely in the Primary work, but sion has received a great impetus as manifested. also in the teachings of the Church.

a result of the organizing of a MisThe splendid results that have Quite a number of converts have sion M. I. A. Board. Since that followed the organization of Prialready been made in this way.

time there has been an increasing maries throughout the Missions of With the decreased number of interest in the various competitions the Church are increasingly manimissionaries from the Stakes of outlined by the General Board. fest as time goes by. The sister Zion, increasing calls are being

The Genealogical Society work missionaries have heretofore given made upon the brethren of the local has made good progress in the Misexcellent service along this line, but priesthood in the various branches sion during the past year. We now in many places, on account of their of the Missions. More than two

have several societies studying being called to serve in other ways, hundred of these are doing misearnestly the prescribed course and they have been under the necessity sionary work, filling appointments are deriving much inspiration thereof having to turn the work over to and visiting in the branches and from. Survey committees have the local sisters. Where this has districts. The local missionaries

been organized wherever possible, been necessary, the local sisters have are laboring diligently and efficientand with their assistance many of invariably taken up the work with ly, and they are being well received our members are being helped in enthusiasm, and are getting good by the Saints, and finding much joy their research for information reresults. The children are much inand satisfaction in their labors.

>- "ICC?*>01Tke Netherlands Mission Continuedpage from542

or Meuse in Holland. The giant The dyke which "shut off"the dash water over the dyke. In its

oceanliners sail up the Maas into Zuider Zee, has recently been comcompleted state, it will be large the heart of Rotterdam's harbor, pleted. This dyke is about 19 enough on top for double railway

which has been termed the best miles long and extends from Den tracks, a broad highway and a equipped in Europe. Of special inOever to the coast of Friesland bicycle path. One section of the

terest to Americans is the Pilgrim the entire width of this body of project, i. e., the Wieringen "poldChurch at Delftshaven (now part water. The top when completed er,"has been pumped dry and this

of Rotterdam) in which the last will be 33 meters above the highyear a crop of grain has been raised service was held by the Pilgrim est recorded storm water height so on the reclaimed ground.

Fathers before they departed for that even the severest storm will not There are perhaps few countries

America. in the world today where Eldour

its with Hague, many The ers as liberty enjoy perto much streets, imprestree-shadedbroad, in as missionary form work The squares spacioussive buildings, and atNetherlands. be This fact may

is beautiful Holland's of most one tributed friendly, to the tolerant cities. It is especially known for nature of the people, as also to the

its been Palace, has Peace which the democratic of form government controsettlementscene of of many It is said found here. that the

It is alsoversies nations. between Dutch Constitution was followed

the seat of the Dutch Government. almost exactly as a model in the

'"pHE Zuider Zee, which for cenforming of the American Constituries has been famous for its tution, which accounts for the simifishing industry, will soon become larity between American and Dutch laws. of Europe,a part the mainland of Lillies

fishermen of the sturdy Marken When the Water In the past, religion has been theand and Volendam (interesting because Bloom in Lac la Doone cause of much contention and strife of their quaint ancestral costumes Bij Mark Hart in this country. The historical

which are still worn), will soon be 'TTXHEN the water lilies bloom in Lac la facts connected with the Spanish seen tilling the land upon which '''Doone inquisition and the Eighty Year they formerly sailed in quest of Down along the water's edge in Lac la War indicate that religious condifish. The plan, which is being efIt's a pleasuerDoone,to go boating tions have not always been as peacefectuated by The Netherlands GovWhere the lily pads are floating ful here as at the present time. In

ernment, is to reclaim the greater When the evening shadows fall on Lac!a later years, however. The Netherpart of the Zuider Zee and convert Doone; lands have more closely guarded the

it into land suitable for cultivation. Yes, a pleasure to go boating, individual rights of her citizens,

lily are floating pads Where theThis project was begun in 1920 lilies the water bloom in Lac la and today nothing is more dear to When and since that time the work has Doone. the Hollanders than their right to

been kept up with good speed. believe and worship as they wish.

The Improvement Era for July, 1933 563

East Central States MissionContinuedpage from551

Itual outlook of men and women. every reason to believe that there can get into the homes of their

They seem to be awakening to the is a bright future before us. friends and neighbors and arrange

fact that they need more of the help Since the organization of the for cottage and other meetings of the Lord in all things. ThereMission, five chapels have been where the missionaries could not.

fore, we look for a fruitful harvest erected. The ones at Ashland, and There have been many outstandof honest souls, even though the Sulphur Well, Kentucky, were ing instances where the blessings

reapers are comparatively few. dedicated by Elder George Albert of the Lord have come to those

Smith during his tour of the miswho were sick and in distress

TXTHEN the mission was organandsion Durham,in 1931, andNorththoseCarolina,at Howard,and servantsthrough ofthetheadministrationLord, and theoffaiththe there ized hundred one were of Church. the dedicated Craig, of the were Tennessee, members

field. in the missionaries fourand instances are during of Elder O. There a number David McKay deby gradually hasThis number latter possession visit the into in people his to the mission where came

are there untilcreased at present but servpast these tracts in times of and have part of 1932. During

this this in Despiteforty Mission. are ices truth. a Others the large of Saints embraced and number

force,decrease in the missionary to serious place consideration each giving attended. friends In nowhowever, the membership has where chapels have been erected, the our teachings.

atsteadily increased the about deis satisfactorthe great very prospering Notwithstanding same work three year.rate each 1929, In all parts ily. that is affecting localities pression several other In

hundred and sixtytwo baptisms buildings have been rented and of this Mission, the Saints as a rule, were recorded; in 1930, five hunfitted up so as to be suitable for are observing the law of sacrifice

dred and two; in 1931, four hunmeeting purposes and a number of through the payment of their tithes

eleven; fourdred and and in 1932, are enjoying they Schools and branches and offerings and new Sunday

fortynine; making andhundred a have the blessings through been organized. of the Lord

total of seventeen hundred and Many of the local brethren and obedience to His commandments.

twentyfour, of which thirteen sisters have been called into the Fortyfive baptisms have been rehundred and ninetysix were conservice and are giving considerable ported this year, up to the present verts. The total membership of of their spare time to tracting, holdtime, and many applications have

the mission is approximately thiring meetings, and assisting the been received from others. These

teen thousand, two hundred and missionaries in various ways. It will be taken care of as soon as the

seventeen (13,217). We have seems that in many instances they Elders can make the necessary visits.

Z{f <

4The Western States MissionContinuedpage from548

laboring here at intervals. These Students of the University attend

two elders must cover the entire our branch meetings, preside over

Wyoming District. At Belle our Sunday School and M. I. A.

Fourche two elders are trying to Associations, and do much towards cover the entire South Dakota and making the branch a delightful

Eastern Wyoming Districts with place to live in. Our last stop is

their headquarters alternately at Rawlins, Wyoming. Here we have

Belle Fourche and Scottsbluff, Neour own building. A modest little

braska. From Sheridan we cross stone building, capable of housing

the Big Horn mountains down the our small branch.

river into Big Horn Stake the records Western ofSundance The

L. D. S. Chapel, Thermopolis, into Logan Square, States to 1906, date back Missionand out again Chicago

Wyoming. We own our chapel Prior to that time it was known as

here, a fine, old, stone church. We the Colorado Mission.- Presidents

come south passing on the left the From Sea to Shore McCrae, Herrick, and Knight, each great Salt Creek and Teapot Dome By Malcom Meacham in his turn has done his part to lay

Oil Fields into Casper, where a the foundation of the Lord's work across borne, far haven some also, Here, is located. the in hassmall branch this Mission. Mission The sea

chapel. Next organized 23 members, 7,254 our ownwe have fade that land another we FDriftROM echoes of

come to Cheyenne, the capitol of And blend into the consciousness I made branches, 35 Sunday Schools, 25 the state. We are located at 3011 For quiet living; lands I may not see, Relief Societies, 25 Primaries. Our

to be seen, longing That, awake in mePioneer Street in a nice home of our fitful longings, hopes and 7,000 members are surrounded by Pale dreams andown. We turn homeward now. fears approximately two and a half milOur next stop is Laramie, WyoThat should have passed away with other lion people, and we are trying, as

ming. Dr. Albert E. Bowman of years, far as it lies within our power, to

little leaven that leaveneththe staff of the University of WyoAnd breakfree. forth now with clamor to be be the

ming is our branch president. The the whole lump.

June (Conference By HENRY SMITH

spiritual feast has This leadership of the youth of peal of the eighteenth amendment.ANOTHER come to a close and Mutual the Church and its great responsiMore of this message from PresImprovement Association bility was without doubt the ident Grant and of his addresses

workers from all parts of the strong point of the conference. Sunday afternoon and evening in

United States, east, west, north and the Tabernacle, will be given in the south, and from Canada and Mex- '"pO pick out the major influence Era next month, when a more comico, have gone back to their homes contributing to the success of plete report of the conference will with a new insight into what is exthe conference just held would be be made.

pected of them and a renewed dean impossible task. There were

termination to make a success of many contributing factors, among HE grand finals in all M. I. A.

that which is entrusted to them. them being the inspirational prescontests held during the conThis spiritual feast was the ence of many of the general authorference, bore out the advance rethirty-eighth annual June conferities of the Church, including Presports that the contest work

ence of the Young Men's and ident Heber J. Grant and President throughout the Church during the

Young Ladies'Mutual ImproveAnthony W. Ivins, both of whom preceding months was of the highment Associations. Held as in attended several of the meetings and est standard of any attained to date.

years past in the shadows of the were speakers on more than one ocThose winning the contest finals great Mormon temple the confercasion. The loyalty and devotion were

of the thousands work- L A. of M.ence, evePublic Speaking concluded which Sunday Mer- M Men,

ers the field attended from who rill a successning, Stake; South: Davis June 1 1, was Wood,

throughout. It was an inspiration every session gave inspiration to Gleaner Girls, Miss Mary D.

to leaders of youth to be gathered the leaders of the conference. Thomas, L. D. S. Institute at

in general assembly and department The June conference this year Pocatello, Idaho.

session to partake of the spirit and had many outstanding features. Dancing: Fox Trot, Miss Logather the information that featAmong these were the celebration raine Larsen and Ronald Phair,

ured each meeting. of the twentieth anniversary of the Northwestern States Mission; orThe new slogan for 193334 affiliation of the Boy Scout proiginal dancing, Miss Marie Bergh

may be said to have been the theme gram with that of the Church held and Elwood Larsen, Hollywood of the conference. "Inspired by the Saturday evening in the TaberStake.

; nacle a in the party of nature lawn InfluencesRefining of Mormonism,

: presentStake, Operetta Grant a carnival, a pleasing type and new the Gifts Develop Will WithinWe ing, a There's "Where Willof entertainment for conference the as a such worthyUs."With aim directed R. Mrs. A. Brower. by delegates; the unveiling of a markerthis, oft repeated the conduring Stake, presentDrama: Malad site at the Hall, Social of the Oldference speakers dealing with by M. ing directed "Peggy,"Miss by first in recreation the hall the West,I. ideals, the conference A, could Lutie Bancroft. built in in razed 1922; 1852 and failed. to the addition Innot have Story: Retold Paul Vanguards, finals. the contest and to there slogan have seemednew of the Stake; Vorkink Hollywood

been a theme vaguely in the backThe spiritual feasts of the conJunior Girls, Dorothy Harden, ground, yet apparent throughout ference were many. Every general Northern States Mission.

the conference. session added life and vitality to Archery: Target, Elliot AirThis theme would be hard to the conference. President Grant met, Ensign Stake; Clout Chamstate in words, yet it was promiat the opening of the conference pion, Elliot Airmet, Ensign Stake;

nent in most of the addresses by gave his message to the M. I. A. Flight Champion, Max Cook,

M. I. A. leaders. It was discussed in no uncertain terms. The PresNorth Davis Stake; Team Chamby President Heber J. Grant in ident told of his appreciation of pions, Loren B r i g g s, Philip

more than one of his conference The Improvement Era and of his Thompson, Haven Day, Ralph talks. It formed the theme of the early association with the magaHardy, South Davis Stake.

testimony meeting and the address zine. He recommended that it be Max Cook won the hair bridle

of Dr. Ray O. Wyland, national In every home of the Church. Then given by The Improvement Era for

director of education, Boy Scouts the President made a strong appeal the best all around work and best of America, who was a visitor for M. I. A. members to support outfit.

throughout the conference and prohibition in the campaign for reVanguard Leaders; Winning

spoke in several sessions. That peal. He called attention to past Team, Logan Stake; Target Chamtheme might be stated in the folslogans of the M. I. A., dealing pion Conrad Johnson, Bear River

lowing words, "Inspired Leaderwith the Word of Wisdom and Stake; Clout Champion, Dean

the prohibition, and said that any true Green, Ensign Stake; Flight Chamship of Youth—The Need of

Hour,"yet these words hardly M. I. A. worker who believed in pion, Wayne Cook, North Davis

seem sufficient. the slogans could not vote for reStake.

<jKelchi%edek Priesthood The Kingdom of God—An Adaptation (Concluded)

By LOFTER BJARNASON

Now let us turn to the question of the light of God's revelations he diin them. The faith of such persons

the relation of persons to this concept rected his footsteps. He had become is conditioned by the fact that these

of the kingdom of God. With respect a citizen of the Kingdom of God; he dogmas arc recorded in books accepted

to their relation to the kingdom of had made the invisible inward change as scripture and they are sanctified by

God, individuals may be divided into and now it was motivating every act age and traditions. All such doctrine

three general classes. Obviously, there of his life. this acquaintance of mine defends vigis no fixed line of demarcation except Here is another man among my acorously. He is a literalist and a funin the case of those who have attained quaintances. He never thinks of God damentalist to the Nth degree. Oh,

a genuine adaptation and those who or God's wishes. He frankly admits yes, he testifies feelingly of his conhave not. that he is not concerned about Deity. victions of the truth of the established

First, then, are those who manifest He plans and connives with his inticreed. He poses as a defender of the

in their attitude and conduct a genuine mate associates to get the most for himfaith and the true church. He is a

adaptation due to definite and vital self and his immediate relatives and strict conformist, a devout regimentalpersonal religious experiences. They friends from every situation. He is ist. Occasionally in private conversaare those who have acquired an abidloyal to his friends just so long as his tion to intimates he is not so sure and

ing faith in God, confidence in fellowfriends serve his own selfish purposes. sometimes ridicules and repudiates

men, and whose every act is performed When one friend or one set of friends doctrine that on other occasions he in the light of this faith and this concease to be of service to him he breaks preaches as divine truth. In reality he

fidence. Second, there are those who with them and seeks new alliances only lives a double spiritual life. Though

manifest no consciousness of any direct to repeat the process. He has no sense the term is not quite appropriate to

religious impulse working in their lives of obligation to the unseen and unhim, he may be said to be a hypocrite.

and hence find themselves entirely outknowable mystery that, to the spiritHe maintains his membership in the side of any such organization or proually minded, seems to exercise a benefichurch and helps to support it and to cess as the kingdom of God. Third, cent direction of human affairs. Life that extent he may be regarded as

there arc those who exhibit only a to him is a game of diplomacy and rendering social service, but he has pretense to a religious adaptation and intrigue. He is the master advocate of never made the transformation implied

hence a loyalty to the kingdom. They tact and clever doubledealing. He will in the term a religious adaptation.

profess a faith which they do not really do anything that can be done within When we reflect that the most imhave but wish they had. They carry legal limits to further his personal sucmediate practical service that religion

out in practice certain literal requirecess. His actions harmonize with his has to render is that of adjusting the

ments, but lack the spirit. thinking and hence he is quite consistindividual to a life that conforms to

As an example of the first class I ent but he cannot be regarded as a the revelations of God's will, the tests desire to mention a man I once knew. citizen of any such order as that imof adaptation become significant. The

When confronted with some difiicult plied in the term, the Kingdom of God. development of a personality actuated

problem of adjustment to social situAgain, I am thinking of another by a high sense of moral personal reations in life, he seemed always to ask acquaintance. He represents the third sponsibility and the organization of

himself two questions: How docs God class. He doesn't really care about social relationships on the plane of inwant me to behave under these circumreligion one way or another, but he is tegrity and mutual helpfulness are the

stances? What behavior of mine will desirous of advancing in his chosen indispensable factors in the establishmost effectively enhance the welfare of line of work. He notices that church ment of the kingdom of God on earth.

all others concerned? Upon these members in his community have a These factors are conditioned upon

questions he meditated long and earnhigher social standing than nonmem- something more than creeds and formestly. He prayed for divine guidance. bers; he therefore joins the church. ulas. If personal conduct and social

He often went into solitude to reflect At one time in his life there may have controls arc actuated by mere habituain secret and in quietude. From such been a little streak of religious faith tion to precepts set up by external

solitude he emerged with a resolution in his makeup. Perhaps he feels at authority, be it ever so divinely estabdefinitely formed. Then he acted feartimes that God really exists. However, lished, or by mere proscriptions enulessly and resolutely in accordance with he does not think of Him in relation to merated in theological statutes, or by

his best judgment. He interpreted any church; yet he affiliates with the mere compulsion of public opinion,

God's will as the highest conceivable church. Perhaps on occasion he wishes they are not truly religious. A person

welfare of himself and others. In every he could make the religious adaptation. dominated by such forces is not a free

movement of his person he manifested He complies with all its ordinances and soul. A person who tries to limit the

an unfaltering faith that the final outits rituals. He prides himself both in soulfreedom of any individual is not

come would be in harmony with God's private and in public on his large confit to exercise leadership in a church will. There was no mistaking his attributions and on his service to his community. Too much insistence

titude. It was clearly to be seen in beloved church. He speaks and writes upon compliance with creeds and doghis physical movements, in his counwith apparent zeal in defense of themas undermines the very foundation

tenance, in the twinkle of his eye and ological dogmas long since proved to upon which personality is founded.

in the manner in which he expressed be mere figments of the imagination In place of free spiritual insight wc himself. This man had acquired the of primitive peoples. He does this get mechanical regimentation. Inreligious adaptation; he had put himbecause he thinks that most of his felstead of religious progressiveness, we

self in tune with the Infinite. The low church members believe in these get the theological fixity. Sooner or

voice of God spoke to his soul and in dogmas, and of course many do believe later in the lives of most persons all

566 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

artificial restraints and arbitrary conbe developed from actual individual pends upon compulsion from within, straints break down. It is then that and personal religious experiences. Such resulting in active selfinitiated obethe regimented individual gives way to motives could not be supplied by some dience to the revelations of God, a

his deeprooted, primitive passions; he authority external to the individual knowledge of which is acquired

becomes a jungle beast acting solely by himself; they could be felt and acthrough direct personal religious expemotives of selfsurvival. When a quired only through religious experience. Rivalry, ruthless competition

regimented society collapses, a crime riences of a personal nature. between individuals and groups and

wave develops and debauchery runs Jesus'kingdom was not of this their resulting illwill are the characrampant throughout the land. How world, for no worldly kingdom in His teristics of most worldly kingdoms:

often have the priests, champions of day was or has been at any time since Faith, confidence, cooperation between regimentalism, stood helpless before a His day composed of citizens actuated individuals and groups and their repanorama of moral destruction and in the personal conduct and social relasulting good will are the characteristics looked on with eyes dimmed by antionships by altruistic motives. His of the kingdom of God.

disintetiquated social to the while be founded kingdom was on dogmas to beworldly tend kingdoms Most all that principle gration will unchecked? went toward on good How fixed. rigid formal, come and The

is the righteoustheoften prophets motivation have of fellowmen dominant see desired established Jesus to kingdom it life; in social a ness a priests order people both and kingdom, warned was

is plastic, informal, dymen among the pitfalls individuals in of the trying policy of of composed had who it is progressive; namic, based upon

religious to the a a achieved adaptation. of of mere make kingdom This God abstract, rather than inward motivation

ritualistic set that physical regulates each ordinances of person always means and rules concrete, external reguand upon his to ceremonies? an conduct urge inward by lations. as a has person soon As made

in Selfsacrifice the righteousness. ideals in great the unifying and The religious the his freed adaptation and

service selfishness, these: of rather are others to than motivate ofKingdom God sort soul of dependence from on any

is life's this activities in in the pride terms keynote. of unof kingdoms The others, formula imposed by upon him

selfish service; are to regard the that principle for develop founded world on into the has to he entrance key found

is selfinterest afindividual general in improvegroup paramount and human this his can maintain kingdom. He fairs, establish social the a regulated be ment; to can only order and and by

founded on cooperation and good will. exercise of external authority. The membership only insofar as his conJesus said, "My kingdom is not of this kingdoms of the world depend upon duct in all his relationships with his

world."By that he meant that it was coercion from without, resulting in fellowmen is in harmony with the

a union of persons actuated by altrupassive obedience to prescribed mandivine will as expressed in the revelaistic motives. These motives were to made rules. Christ's kingdom detions of God.

Honor Thy Father and Thy Mother (Ward Teachers'Message for August)

By OSCAR W. McCONKIE

TN the beginning "the earth was withhumble herdsman devoted to the proheinous crime, degraded one. Those

'out form, and void; and darkness tection of his master's flocks, he is who bore us, who sustained us in weakwas upon the face of the deep,"but divinely honored, individually and colness, who taught us truth, and who

God honored it with form, beauty, lectively. The Lord does nothing save through prayer and hope, through joy

glory, and offer of peace. Then folHe first reveals it to him and to whom and sorrow, through works and faith

lowed in normal sequence divine inthe arms of mercy are extended. have safeguarded opportunity, deserve

junction to "bring forth grass, the herb Through His precious atoning blood better things than feeble words or yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed the goal of glory is within reach. But empty lives. They are worthy our

is in itself,"as well as command to the man must reach. Salvation is not diligent pursuit of truth, our obeanimal kingdom, to which He also gave gained by proxy. If we would have dience to divine law. The term itself

seed in itself, that every living creature eternal honor we must do honor to the contemplates not only outward token, bring forth after its kind, both "cattle, everlasting One, whose command it is courtesies extended, and formal acr and creeping thing, and beast of the that we honor father and mother. knowledgment of worth, but compreearth."Each reverently responds by There is no election to serve another, hends also a nice sense of what is right

abiding the law of its creation. nor can there be any other God before and conduct conforming to just prinBut God's works are for man whom Him, for "he that sacrificeth unto any ciples. It implies virtue and integrity

He created in His own form and likegod, save unto the Lord only, he shall so pronounced as to confer distinction ness, and gave blessed companionship be utterly destroyed."upon those whom we would honor.

while yet in the Garden of Eden, and It was anciently counseled to "rise It elevates the obedient and bestows to whom He gave dominion over the up before the hoary head, and honor justice upon the deserving. It is the

earth and all its life. Whether the man the face of the old man."To fail in Lord's law and he who honors not his

be a mighty prince, through whom the appropriate courtesy toward parents, to father and his mother is accountable to families of the earth are blessed, or a whom dishonor was punishable as Him.

Weekly Thoughts on Tithing By DR. FRANKLIN MADSEN

Week of July 2: vidual proceeds to comply with the law Week of July 23:

its fulfillment. is to tithing tithing a of dynamic of paying maximum The sanctify will tithing of paying The

1 6 service act loyalty of July of showing and Week the land which upon the Lord we to to are tithing enabled appreciation paying to Church. we and His By God

is specifically in the stated dwell. This temples, blessings of the 9: holy enjoy of July Week

Since the paying of a full tithing is the enlightenment of superlative edu- "Doctrine and Covenants,"Section entirely a matter of individual choice cational institutions, and the comforts 119, verse 6, in the following words:

and interpretation, a test of honor and and inspirations of beautiful houses of "and by this law sanctify the land of truthfulness naturally occurs as the indiworship. Zion unto me."

...

(lAaronic rriesthood Fighting the Summer Slump Another view of the progress made dained, if prepared, as near order of business. Presidency

in the campaign to increase summer actheir birthdays as possible. of quorum in charge (aided by

tivity is shown in the following tabuEvery candidate should be parmember of bishopric). Only

lation: ticularly instructed regarding one roll of all members.

Monthly average attendance at the following: (a) Activity Period—Prayer,

Quorum Meetings as shown by the (a) His personal habits and roll call, consider ways and

Monthly Bulletin: actions. means of getting attendance

(b) The history of the of absent members, report

Year High Low Variations Aaronic Priesthood. on previous assignments of

1928 21% 7% 14 points (c) The restoration of the duty, assignments of duty 1929 26% 7% 1 9 points Priesthood in this disfor ensuing week, social 1930 27% 12% 15 points pensation. and fraternal activities,

1931 28% 17% 1 1 points (d) Observance of the combrief talk by member of 1932 27% 19% 8 points mandments of the Lord. bishopric. (15 min.)

that follow powers (e) The (b) Lesson Period—Presidency

this exercise the true of The wide fluctuations of a few years turns class over to superago are being reduced and more condivine authority. visor: Presentation, dissistent activity is being secured. When Each one should evidence willcussion, next lesson.

it is considered that in some of the ingness to perform any duties (Every member should summer months of former years only assigned him to the best of his have outline and be pre- 7 boys out of 100 were engaging in ability. pared on lesson.) (20 to

Priesthood activity the seriousness of Where there are two or more 30 min.)

the situation becomes apparent. Aldeacons'quorums in a ward, (5) Assignments of Duty: Every

lowing for vacations, young men away the first quorum should inmember of each quorum or class from home working and other legiticlude the older boys, except should have assignments of dumate reasons for absence there appears possibly the presidency of the ties in rotation, preferably each to be no good reason why summer atsecond quorum. week. (See List of Assigntendance should fall below 20 % at any (3) Ward Supervision: Bishopric, ments of Duty, Roll Book.)

time. It is hoped that in the near assisted by Committee of SuAssignments made to be notedfuture the low mark will be considerpervisors—one supervisor for in Roll Book at the time; if perably above that figure and the high each quorum or class, with one formed, mark (1) through letmark will be over 30%. as chairman. They also act as ter indicating assignment; if unSummer Priesthood activity is in class leaders. filled, mark (0), at meeting

many respects more important than in Each member of the bishopric following that in which assignwinter. Every possible effort is urged has general charge of one ment was made.to keep young men active in Priestgrade of the Priesthood—the Supervisor's business to see that

hood work the year round. bishop as president of the all assignments are performed.

Priests'quorum and each of Short weekly meetings of superAaronic Priesthood Standards the counselors in charge of visors, as indicated under another grade. Important (4), to check up on assign-

(1) Meetings: Ward Priesthood that each member of bishments, etc.

meetings regularly opric attend weekly throughout quoFraternal to Matters: Quorums (7) if year, possible, at time such rum meetings.

visit assist sickin and members as each indiSupervisors'will insure Duties: week Act the (4)

distress. ness or new Welcome largest class as in attendance. vidually leaders Lesson quobooks

to members. Farewell memin to all the be of rums. committee hands Hold weekly members leaving ward.

as bers as as far possible. a meetings board, preferably Course

for each year to be completed by after Priesthood meeting. Fol- ) Social Gatherings. Outings:

December 3 1 st, ready to begin low up (a) attendance of memGatherings that will promote following year's outlines. bers; (b) weekly assignments sociability and refinement. At

suitable times, every or month Ordinations to duties in rotaof Advancement: all members (2)—presidency two. Let and memdiligence, (c) lesson tion; Based preparation boys on their by

to be ordained to and in the members; (d) prepare monthly bers suggest and carry out plans

supervisors and bishopric. Priesthood,Deacons—12as follows:years (3 -year reportsprepare toyoungstake mencommittee;for ordina-(c) and fix rules, with advice of

Teachers—course) 15 years (2-year tiondirect andsocial advancement;and fraternal activ-(f) (9) meetingCorrelationunderMeeting:directionMonthlyof ward

1 7 years (3 -year welfare of quorums. hood supervisors, member of Priests—course) ities; and (g) consider general bishopric, of Aaronic Priestcourse) Best fitted men in ward to be Sunday School Superintendency

Candidates to be individually selected as supervisors. and Y. M. M. I. A. Presidency, prepared, under direction of (5) Quorum Meetings—Class Sunday School teachers and

bishopric and ward superWork: After opening exercises Y. M. M. I. A. leaders having

visors, for at least six months of ward Priesthood meeting, direction of young men 12 to before this ordination or adeach quorum or class to meet 20 years, with ward clerk as vancement. Boys to be orseparately. Arrange definite secretary, to correlate activities

568 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

and cooperate in the welfare of tivities, habits, family and home conhos Angeles Stake campaign to the young men. ditions, records of parents, leisure time "get the boys out of the red,"which

(10) Stake Supervision: Committee activities, etc. It also provides space is similar to that of Idaho Falls Stake,

of High Council, with other for reporting assignments to visit and has proved very successful. A special

assistants. Organize somewhat a record of results of the visits. card is provided with a marking code

as a stake auxiliary board. Visit which enables the committee to keep

—weekly,all quorumsif inpossible.wards regularlySec that pageGrantprintedStakebulletinpublishescalleda "Thesmall Boy'sfouraber's"runningactivity.inventory"A stake ofreporteachaccommem-

these standards are met. Get Circle."The first issue contained a panies the card as a part of the plan,

monthly reports from all wards. statement of the objectives of the keeping each ward informed of the

Occasional stake social gatherAaronic Priesthood and Correlation activity in all wards of the stake.

ings. Prepare summary of Committees of the Stake, an explanaward reports for stake presition of the Correlation plan and a comYellovj&tone Stake recently submitdency and Presiding Bishopric. plete directory of the Stake Aaronic ted to the Presiding Bishopric a ques-

(11) Union Meetings, Monthly Re Priesthood and Correlation Committionnaire form covering activities of ports: Monthly union meetings tees. the Aaronic Priesthood and Correlation

of bishoprics, ward supervisors, Groups. While many problems have

class leaders, and presidencies Maricopa Stake'checks on the reasons been encountered, substantial progress and secretaries of quorums, unfor inactivity among members of the has been made and the report states der direction of stake committee, Aaronic Priesthood in a very effective that all activities will be fully organare very advantageous. Howmanner. Headings under which reaized and functioning in the near future.

ever, at least systematic weekly sons for nonattendance are listed invisits, if possible, by stake comclude negligence, indifference, offended, mittee members and the securfamily conditions, tea, coffee, tobacco, May Attendance Sets New school, conditions, liquor, physical all ing of reports emmonthly from etc. at a distance, living In Record ployment, should wards carried out. be

indiffer- a negligence recent report and at Priesthood Attendance Aaronic list ence condithe with family headed Stake Activities for set a record meetings new third, as quorum tions second and employment atthe average of May. month The reasons for nonattendance. Pioneer Stake issues a Monthly all for stakes tendance the was 23%.Aaronic bulletin Priesthood containing in 1932. compares with This 21% carried has of one Stake on Maladsuggestions to Stake and SuperWard inactual the In terms of members consistent correlation the cammost visors. detail the responsiEvery of crease additional represents nearly 1500 as the stakes paigns of any of shownbility is of Supervisors taken up in their meetings in quorum young men received Presiding at the reports the by all order.proper In Conferences Ward the of each during month week May Office. bulletin Bishop's monthlyheld A this early year session separate a last year. over closely the adopted follows form bywas conducted for Aaronic Priesthood

officers and members. the Presiding Bishopric, showing each The splendid work of correlation

month the comparative rating among committees, Aaronic Priesthood superMillard Stake has conducted a survey the wards of the Stake. Practically visors and the summer campaign of the

of all young men 12 to 20. A special every month has shown some unusual Presiding Bishopric were undoubtedly

blank was provided calling for a comand interesting development in the the greatest contributing factors in this plete check on the history, Church accorrelation work. excellent record.

-iicijnilThe Revolt Against GodContinuedpaje from532

the Church of Jesus Christ of these could be regained authoritagaining the status of the Christian

Latterday Saints stands; and the tively, would be by a new revelachurch in the first century of its

fact is convincing testimony to tion, constituting a New Dispenexistence.

the truth that Joseph Smith ansation of things. The socalled

nounced in a great Priesthood meetChristian churches still deny revelaTherefore, Hear O ye elders of ing held in the Kirtland Temple on tion; revelation for them has ceased the Church of Jesus Christ of

April 6, 1837, (this in closing a ages ago; and therefore they have Latterday Saints, and particularly

lengthy discourse to the Priestrecovered nothing by way of rethe Seventies, special witness of the hood): "After all that has been Lord Jesus Christ, concerning these

greatestsaid, the imand most rebe high things. should You

portant the gosis to preach duty of the fact that your minIfs-* V minded pel"("History of the Church,"istry to the world is as much needed

Period I, vol. ii, p. 478); and that now as one hundred years ago. It

is true now, for the Christian world is still true that the gospel of which is still without it. world has The you are chief ministers, is still needregainednot authoritative any

standing in the more than a century ed by all the world, both in civilof time that has elapsed since that ized nations and among all the revelation was given, declaring all undeveloped peoples of the earth.

these religions were wrong. Of I trust this review by Mr. High, a

course, having lost divine authorman of undoubted ability, will ity, having changed the fundaimpress you with the world's need mental principles and ordinances of Mission Home, Los Angeles, Mexican of a more thorough preaching of the gospel, the only way in which Mission the gospel than has yet taken place.

The Improvement Era for July, 1933 569

Forever or Never—Continuedpage from560

just where and how hard to hit. a beggar on the street, a man never the sixBetter let me do it."asked him for the price of someDi'URING

John felt mighty good inside, thing to eat and was turned down. weeks following. Red Grogan gave

almost as though it were worth the Half of his money was sent to his John Alder boxing lessons for an beating he had received to know mother. She paid tithing on it. hour or two every night, except

were shoulders John's Sunday. respect of these alwaysthat he smoked, had too, and was He won the

leveling off, muscles were and the respect, as quitting, for than sometimes men, and as longhard more they were showing it in the only three or four days. bulging in his back and arms. He

fast. not learning would Red a was told just the Shorty, fiyboy, they knew. hadway He Sam And

let pie; eat told no any him him

it Biff, littlethat accepted eduor he and was with young had boy no coffee. tea drink, tobacco, or John

it as confidence, a cation, a girl not going was and with would who use did that not he any answered tell, tell. insisted urging to that but smoke. he not was him had

it his of that part of them, was it get a chance to talked even overHere with had with was Sam, He it said religion. grinned, and Red restBiff. started the the of kidded For what? gang had and had He

it. He had butted in where he had him unmercifully about it, but the was a good religion that could keep such doing boys from young

if right. Biff tonext his night taken they blackno But had had two

eat things. to said slowhe Theneyes, people bacco think him, from he would had had away and Sam slowly, everything chewing and

it girl. the best askedgot that of about and had whipped him He ly, how

little eat as to as possible, but meat

Biff. for ten not days, had smoked now lots green vegetables. of How as as a frightened and was jumpy stopped. "It's—"he Right was ripe fruits? that were about Any girl frog. take to His wanted himright. fellows,"he "Never mind, a like fresh. sounded and That to said church, her he he and was I fault. "Itresumed. was my to the of sermon on Wisdom Word to. All of going them, he had knew, Istuck in nose no where had my chuckled. John, he and

excellent points, could some he andbusiness."

Saints told the Smith "Joseph after respects. in those pattern them I'll "Well, shook Red be—."ago,"a years that about hundred Grogan, would There was Redhis that head. could he saw John said. he for or could for fun, gamble moneynot understand. seemEverybody to lived Joe "If what Smith up bottle, not a pass not but he woulded perplexed, puzzled. of Some replied, Saints,"told he Red them Straight, string. steal a piece of angry. even seemed to bethem

and honest, and loyal. He was a "then he was a husky man."

Catholic, and never missed an early "He was an accomplished athiriE felt that he had to mass, and was always swearing off lete,"John informed him: "When

say something more. "I'll have to liquor. he won a religious argument, he

ask that fellow's forgiveness, too, John felt that he was going to always offered to give his opponent for butting in. Funny if he gave miss their friendship very much. another chance to get even with

me another licking,"he laughed, That night when he went back him—wrestling, or a foot race."

but his heart wept and he turned to work, both gangs were over beAt home it was noticed that a away. hind the press. Shorty saw him, better color was in his face, his

Yet there was a queer feeling of and shouted. He went over, and eyes shone brightly, he was more

exultation in him as though an insaw Red Grogan boxing with a cheerful. They accepted in good

ner voice had whispered: "You composing room man, dancing in part his request for certain kinds

did the right thing!"and out, tapping lightly where and of food, and to make it easier, Mrs.

He sensed the hostility of his when he would, despite the comAlder gave the rest of the family friends as they stood at the bottom posing room man's valiant attempts the same things to eat. They were

of the stairs and watched him leave. to block his blows and land a good all feeling better.

Was he to lose their friendship? solid blow himself. Red moved He had been called on once more

He knew he had done the right his head slightly, and blow after to speak in church, and had held thing, but he also realized that the blow slipped harmlessly over his the Ward's attention with an inloss of their friendship meant more shoulder. It was smooth, pretty, teresting, doctrinal sermon, had

to him than he cared to admit. He excellent boxing. told a few amusing incidents of his

had learned to like them all in one When they stopped, Sam took mission, and had been warmly conshort month. He had found many the gloves from the composing gratulated by his friends. The

good qualities in each of them. room man and fastened them on next Sunday he had been approachOld Sam for instance, chewed John and pushed him into the ed by the Sunday School Superintobacco, but never a payday but the center of the improvised ring. tendent, and now he was teaching

first debt he paid was his tithing. Red Grogan was waiting for the Church History class.

His wife and kids wore good him, a wide grin on his flat nosed At the end of the six weeks, he clothes; they loved him, hung onto face. was called into the circulation manhim. He had seen them all one "Now don't stand on your ager's office. The boss was smilafternoon coming out of a picture toes,"Red instructed, "but keep ing, and John noticed that he was

show. Each had an ice cream cone, your knees bent slightly, and both a friendly sort of man. He greeted

and was laughing. Jack, his boss feet fiat on the floor. Lean into John warmly, and offered him a

in the mailroom, never let a day your punches. The next time cigar. John hesitated, then took

go by without putting some liquor somebody picks on you will be the it. The boss's face turned red,

under his belt, but he never passed last time."then white.

570 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

"Thank you,"John said. "I at that party with Biff, at the show Red Grogan greeted him at the

don't use it, but thanks for the with Biff. Always Biff! foot of the stairs with a hard slap

offer, just the same."He was out of the party stuff, on the back, and he thrilled because

"Gimme that cigar!"his boss the dances. His job made it imit did not hurt. He was hard as

snapped, then he laughed. "No, possible. Working nights and nails. His muscles were pliant;

keep it. Give it to Red Grogan sleeping days and studying afterbut like steel cables. He gave Red

likes you, noons gave him no time for parties. the cigar, and watched his face astonight; he likes 'em—he

too."Lately he had been studying busihe smoked it. Toward midnight,

After a moment of silence, durness management, psychology. He the bunch sent Shorty, the flyboy,

ing which John was subjected to was determined to forge ahead in after pies, and an ice cream cone a close scrutiny, the circulation life. He no longer thought that for John. It was nearly press

manager continued. the Lord owed him a debt for his time, so Sam admonished him to

"This is confidential; don't spill two and a half years in the mission hurry. He ran up the stairs, but

it. There are going to be a lot of field, and he was bound to succeed stopped short.

changes. You are slated for Disbecause of it as long as he did not "Where shall I get that ice

trict Manager for the south end of neglect his church duties. cream?"he shouted.

the city. Now don't go telling me He was beginning to realize that "Around the corner, down two

you'll do your best; I already know the church activities were to keep blocks is a place that's open,"Sam

that. I know more than you do. his mind directed in the right chanshouted back.

I knoy you are going to make nels, to help him understand and "Be careful,"Red waved the good, and you can't know that, but live his religion during his every stub of the cigar, "a foxy crowd of

I can. You made good as a misday life, to appreciate the good in young people hang out there. Better

sionary, you came home, and made others, to look for the beauty in all get the ice cream first, or they'll a bunch of hard men like you who things. He told himself that suctake your pies away from you, and

already hated you. More, you won cess depended upon himself, his atthen we'd have to go get 'em back."

their respect, and you can do things titude toward God, life, and his Shorty darted out the door, and with them. fellowman. Neither the world nor Jack turned to Sam. "Ain't there

"The south side is what is called the Lord owed him a living; he any other place open?"he asked.

the tough part of town. I am must earn it. Neither did they owe "That place is a speakeasy."

deliberately sending you there behim happiness; but "man is that "A speakeasy!"Sam was surcause you are a better type of young he might have joy."Might! That prised. "Why, me and the wife

usual. thanman don't You kids gets ice cream sodas there and smoke, implied a condition. condition Adrink, swear; to church. go you often."a recreal reaction to work, of mind,

You're a Sunday School teacher. reation, associations, personal hab- "Yeah,"Red Grogan turned a

You have mastered the technique its. He was, for the first time since cold eye on Sam. "Lots of respectof not seeing the faults in others; his return from the mission field able people go there, not knowin'

areyou for looking the in good it in before, nearly ten beginthem what months the know is—but Ithem. It is business know. my get derive do. liquor his can ning to happiness from The there—Ito know. life. joint. federals daily friends; to raid liked to see that ought He

"Maybe you surprised everyhe was glad to meet them and they It's spoilin'the young people."

elsebody you snapped out when of appeared glad to see him. "It's pretty hard to get evidenceit; but didn't surprise you me.

There are bigger things ahead. Very He was late getting down that on those joints,"Jack growled.

soon I am going to need an assistnight. It was nearly ten o'clock, "Some of us citizens ought to do

raid. of time. plenty but he smashin'had good He the circulationant raidin'—a manager. The man

I'd walking, help."been thrashing out hadI it. pick for that will deserve Now Assisthimself. things some with a drinking were you "Thoughtdon't highhat the people the on

south side, and don't let them put ant Circulation Manager! There man,"Sam asked in mock severity.

anything over on you, either. Now, was a bunch of ripe, sweet grapes "Well, I ain't!"Jack snarled.

get out."hanging within reach. But he had John saw that he was trembling.

in to be married. his watch He felt it's ago, days and "I quit—three still pocket. was The ring it there. places like that that so hard make

J<OHN rose and went to If Louise would only listen to him. to stay quit. It'll be just too bad

the door. Surely she could not fail to see the if I ever get turned loose in that

His boss called: "Wait a minchange that had come over him. He joint. That's how come I got

ute. It is the policy of this paper had been a bit sanctimonious and started drinking, hanging around a

not to give an executive position to wooden, he realized, but it wasn't place like that with a crowd of an unmarried man. As my assistright for her to hold it against him. young people."

ant, you would'be an executive in He paused. "Wasn't right!"he

the circulation department. Think grinned to himself.

that over."Louise was a sweet girl, clean, J OHN left them, and

That sounded almost like a good. Darn her paint, powder and finished his work in preparation for

it. the papers, then rejoined the bunch.promise, and John did think it dress—everybody was doing

over, and his thoughts invariably People didn't even notice it. That They were arguing about what

return to Louise. He hadn't seen sort of stuff changes, but character good a mission did to a fellow.

telling dirtyher since the fight with Biff, but remains—sometimes dormant; but None of them were

he had heard of her. She had been there just the same. Louise had stories. John had heard none for

seen at this dance hall with Biff, character. nearly three weeks. None of them

The Improvement Era for July, 1933 571

had ever been on a mission, so they appealed to him. Attend School at eOOL ASPEN GROVE

What good does a mission do a School at Alpine Summer fellow? He had never looked at Camp, Aspen Grove, 6,800

it like that. He had always looked ft. above the Sea, becomes

at it that the missionary was doing more than a School—It

the good to somebody else, not venture!Becomes a. Glorious Adparticularly to himself. What good

had it done him. It had broadened

his vision, made him love right, Lofty Peaks—Evergreenjustice, fair dealing. It had taught Trees—Columbines—

him the true value of his religion Waterfalls—M o o n 1 i t

eternal salvation. It had given him Nisrhts!

an intense desire to amount to While Nature subjects something, to have some kids to go graphy,s.uch as Zoology,Geolosry,Botany,Geoon missions. It had made him stop Art—are stressed, many

swearing, smoking. He guessed he additional courses are

had got more out of it than he had offered.

put into it. Funny he had never Alpine Term Begins July 24; Ends August 31

thought of it before. He had figFor further22ndinformationAnnual Timpanogosaddress DeanHikeof theJulySummer2122 Session

ured that the Lord owed him something, that he here he admitted and UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNG letthe a debt for PROVO, UTAH Lordstill owed ting him go on a mission.

They all laughed at his explanation, but it was a friendly laugh.

in tone, detected the differenceJohn INDEX TO ADVERTISERSin quality. he accepted what They

said. They all admitted that they Company Page

would like their sons to go on misBeneficial Life Insurance Co. Back, Cover

sions. That was a tribute to John Brigham Young University 5 71

Alder. He had won their admiraContinental Oil Co 575

tion in addition to their respect. Cunard Steamship Lines 573

The door at the head of the stairs DeseretDeseret BookNews CoPress 576573 banged open. Shorty bounded Grant, Heber J. S Co 575

down four steps at a time. Hotel Temple Square 571

'Ter cripes sake!"he shouted. Quish School of Beauty Culture 576

"Johnny! Biff's got Louise In the These advertisers are dependable. Doing business with them will be

it's bootleg. She's—Icafe tryin'guessto make her take a drink mutually advantageous.

fightin', but there's a crowd around, urgin'Biff on. She was ifc '- '-about to cry—she looked at me

said, 'where's Johnny?'She must Salt Lake eity*s Newest fopalar Hotel on quick.mean The you! Come

better too,rest bozzoes come of you (r *?4 C '''ti'-'v pile him."might bunchthe whole He turned and ran back up the HOTEL

stairs.

To be Continued TEMPLE SQUARE Laden Wagons 200 Rooms each with

By Vesta Pierce Crawford Tile Bath

LADENWhite wagons—summertops gleam in sunsethaze,blaze; $1.50Ratesto $4.00

filled wagonsLaden with grain, Radio Connections for arid plainSeed to sow the

Yellow corn and golden wheat Every Room

For the darkened furrows deep!

Opposite Great Mormon Temple And other seeds for waiting land,Other seeds for desert sand—ERNEST a ROSSITER, Manager

There in flare of evening fire

Priceless seed of new empire! SP=99

572 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

Bread and MilkweedContinuedpage from524

Besides, she really had no right to ward the house she thought she saw Those pungkins came out baked.

be spoiling the beauty of an Ocher mother wipe her eyes ever sotober morning with melancholy quickly and then turn away. She "And—wait a minute—here

musings. There was a blue, blue went to her mother's side, thinking comes another

sky, there desperately and were white, went.- as she white fed our cows on freshburned "Weclouds; there swift, a crisp I've "Say, mother, was thought of a hay,

blowing; a really thewind and good chimfrom one—sad those looked poor cows good one, I How the of like this:ney It goes soft mean. old adobe hut came great surprise our day to And nextcircles of swiftly smoke, disappearThe milk came out half cooked!ing into the blueness of the sky; "We hid our pungkins in the hay,

and there were tiny sparks fllying Alas, my poor heart ached "You know, mother, it isn't so flying. Yes—flying into the hayThe stack burned down, and do bad after all, is it?—beingstack!—and before she knew it, the you know, I mean!"pi'neers,

haystack was ablaze before 4ier -6!-

eyes "Mother! Mother!"Christine

fairly burst through the door.

"Look, mother, it's on fire!"

"What, child?"

"The hay, mother!"

"Christina. Christina—bring

your father quickly I"Over a mile to town!

Nearly a mile to the closest house Christine knew nothing, saw nothing, remembered nothing save the weariness of her feet and the heaviness of her body; and when

she stood breathless and exhausted in the doorway of the church, it was all she could do to gasp:

"Father, the haystack is on fire!"

If a bomb had been exploded into the congregation the dispersal could not have been more immediate and complete. Men,

women, and children picked up hats and fled into the yard, where they crowded into her father's receivingCoachDenverG. OttingerPost trophyRomney,for RockyB. Y.MountainV. CougarConference,BasketballBasketballCoach,

wagon and counted the seeming Championship from C. L. "Poss"Parsons, sport editor...The championship

centuries that passed before they Cougars are in the background.

reached the farmyard. Swiftly

then, women and children went with buckets and tubs for water B. Y. Cougars Emerge Rocky Mountainfrom a nearby stream, while the

men took pitchforks and made Basketball Champions frantic attempts which resulted inthe rescue of a few forkfuls of A FTER playing through a strenugymnasium had conceded defeat—with

burned hay and six scorched pumpous season in which Brigham the exception of the players themselves.

kins. Young University and the University With eight minutes to play, the Couof Utah had to play off a tic to detergars made up a ten point deficit and

After it was all over, and her mine the winner of the Western Diviadded four more points, finishing the father had said the usual "I guess sion of the Rocky Mountain Faculty contest on the long end of a 4139 there's no use crying over spilled Athletic Conference, the Brigham score. The Cowboys tossed a basket

closed, before the seconds a few the champion Cougars met game Youngmilk,"Christine to wanted do fell the but the Univertying shy of two points from Cowboys, Wyomingnothing as to bury half so much fighting sity Cougars. defeated and them of Wyoming,

her head on somebody's shoulder, twice during a three game series which Cowboys and Cougars played for and whether there were any "use"was played in Provo early in March. the championship of the conference

to it or not, cry her heart away. The second victory over the Cowboys last year in Laramie where the CowBut as they all walked slowly tocame after practically everyone in the boys won by a narrow margin.

The Improvement Era for July, 1933 573

Honoring Prof. Evan Stephens Europe?

AFTER the passing of Professor Evan tury with Professor Evan Stephens. Whether on a Mission

leader theTaber- of Stephens, noted a in poverty. was born As He

unpublished songpoemnacle Choir, an to herd obliged child he was in orfor pleasure... go the of the mereuritten one in pencil found was

Master's psalmodies. This poem is given sheep in his native Wales to help

here in the hope that some more youthful support his father's family. Com- f

it ivay ring with able to becomposer make may crossed lad he as a ing to America CrXARD done as have might Stephensmelody Mr. foot. he twelve plains the on At little lived longer. a he George D.had of the great ofthe ships Cunard One in the alto Willard became an boy offers half century, for friend aPyper, a

is fleets to fit Anchor and bound first hishis ambitions tribute, Choir, where were aroused. In that humble vilyour plans... in time of sailing

lage he engaged in varied humble... in speed and unexcelled comRetrospection occupations -—- farming, teaming, fort... in price. Frequent and

(A heretofore unpublished poem) railroading, carrying rock, mortar, regular service to British and

By Evan Stephens and even the hod, for early Willard French ports from New York, homes, but always dreaming Boston and Montreal. Convenient

parts the connections to all of a little after all that Thou hast done AndJTTHAT, dreaming—dreaming! 'for me, rates Through and round into world. four octave organ carried him

have What I done—-what have I done realms of ecstatic musical imaginatrip rates (good for two years)

for Thee?

After Thy great and saving sacrifice. tion that fruited later into volumquoted on application.

Lord, am I worth so vast and great a inous compositions which have deprice? lighted his people and immortalized Round trips to England as low as

haveHow I served Thee? Has my mind his name among them. $131.50 Third Class. N.Y. to N.Y. heart and

Ever been ready to perform their part, Evan Stephens'rise to the pinApply to Your Local Agent or

Gladly to praise Thee, and Thy words nacle of directorship among the revere, Saints is a romance of enthralling Cunard Building San Francisco, Cal.

And Thy Commandments ever held interest. Nothing daunted him

dear? most Children's Choruses, Operettas,

What have I done e'en to the "least of Oratorios, Cantatas, Glee Clubs, these,"even Grand Opera.

What... Real Officers"have I done, some woe or pain to Without scholastic education his Real Ships

ease Of those who labor in Thy blessed name, songs breathed the true spirit of have I spared from bitter grief poetry; Whom his anthems rang out in Keep Ahead of or shame? our assemblies.

Who from the darkness and the gloom of An ardent lover of nature, flowthe Procession night ers, trees, streams, rocky mountain I brought forth to see the blessed Have hills held for Alert officers keep ahead of peaks light, pinedad and

What, after all that Thou hast done for him a strong appeal. To him the their organizations in the reme, quirements recommendaand flutas they aspens sang have I done quaking have I What tions organization. done—what of their vocalized as pines they tered; the Thee? and for Thine reading turn your For summer moaned.

Thee I'll remember, and Thy sacrifice His enthusiasm was unbounded, to the will I serve with Thee his to pull actually seemed baton evenings, and onMornings all mythat bendedin me lies. M. I. A. Reading Course

his singers. music from One knees,

To Thee I'll come and seek that sweet couldn't sit idly by while he di1933-34 release rected. Suggested List

sin, errors earthly worldlyFrom and from Romantic to the highest degree, Evans—to let ask name And me in Thy God in his direction of cupid's dart was for Joseph Smith, An

In to His Kingdom, there to dwell with others rather than for himself. American Prop/7eL. $4.00

Thee, Loving youth, he sought its Pitkin—

Savior Thou mine, who bought and company and gave largely of his Life Begins at Forty 1.50 me. ransomed

meagre means to help those he Smith chummed with. Convivial, agreeJohn Jacob Astor 1.00

Evan Stephens able, free, he loved old friends, old Seton

Little Savages 1.00 By GEORGE D. PYPER places, and had his religion perTwo

mitted, "Old Wines"might have Carroll anniversary of been Included. As the Earth Turns 2.50JUNE 28—The

his birth—1854. Evan Stephens was of the comRussell-Driggs

"There are moments in Hfe,"mon people and he wrote his songs Hidden Heroes of the says one writer, "that we never forfor them. A musical Mussolini, Rockies 1.50

get,"which brighten and brighten he wanted his own way in the Get them now at the choir, conduct of his andas steals time away."succeedDESERET BOOK COMPANY it. best ed he had when were Such often remoments East 44 South on Temple personality unique. His wascorded an during on memory my Salt City, Lake Utahintimate association for half a cenMay the memory of him live on

574 The Improvement Era for July, 1933

Farmer Gone WrongContinuedpage from536 hername home. Tell Doo Dad "Hi, sister. Let's go buy a cake. me. Goodbye, don't pick up any

that she had the nose bleed and I gotta plan."colic, it's going around,"and he

we couldn't find him. Tell him "Pete Rowley! Where did you hung up.

it's all right. I'll tell you about it come from? Is Blanche here?"

tomorrow,"and he was gone. "Naw, she wrote me you were went down Monhere and to see how you were makOHE

ing out, and here I am, just like day and Pete met her at the door.

three nice offices. She Tt.HEY rode home in you'd been rubbing a lamp."There were

at Pete pretense tosilence. Sadie nodded his boss. no made He met out. walking were "How They

there cry. told her see her Pete out. Theynot letting him and went says Blanche been? you two you

got home and into the lower hall. still write a lot."was nothing to do but do as he

Mrs. Billings came out in a dressing "Fine. It's a pleasure to see you told her which, he added, would

part. his been that they said pleasure a had He said on andgown Pete. Even you."be morning, start and the in Ross Miss on long could to gettrying she

distance all evening. "Come now Jezabel, be kind,"then added, "Let's go eat. I got

said added, then Pete and "how still, and I want lots plans other shoulder her and patted Pete you'll before through? be long this act."for of props the left. Sadie went tosmiled and for a little get I can work Maybe

phone. Yes, this was Miss Ross. you and maybe a job. Where we They found a place and Bill in. "Now don't in-"My father! Yes, I can come togoing? Are we after a cake or are started right

night."She ran after Pete. Sure, we going to play croquet? terrupt me until I've finished, not

he would take her to the train, "If you really want some cake, even for cake. I'm old enough to

anything serious? He would wait come over to my place. My mothsay all this and still have it in the

downstairs. She had twenty miner sent me one."rules, besides I'm sorta in the famhere's the thing.utes. Pete's face lit up. "I knew it! ily in a way. Now

Mr. Ross died before Sadie got I could smell home cooking all After that dance up at the club I

home. They were all dazed. He morning."started to think. Don't ask me

'cause I brains I'm for used what the farm working been onhad got talked walked and and They I once. wondered serious for why came, People afternoon.Thursday ate talked cake and some and home Jie did things the a say would boy kind. Lowell was everybodyand the Pete of did both more. most acinto taking you, even about telegram. the proper sentNevet boss, talking. the His eating and

is. flat a You're he one count what Sadie wentBlanche down. came yes, actually working, he was was possibilnatural smart; have you a of this all kind withthrough is, his a writing book. name That a ities aplenty. looks in Not detachment.numbed it. It of one be was on would it let burns while on go word, me It weeks. stayed two She home scientific Pete things was those and possible I to only the came me. she should and back go decidedwas all material. the collecting a raised been had answer. You year.finish was the Mrs. Ross out said to got he go he up When the little differently we from way live sell the with to farmgoing and see carelessly, "Ever Dad Doo

I our was say don't way had. this sister. Allher would work here, He's know."you Nevet? us living you're best; among but all right.out to, like I'd smiled, but "No, She Chinese the old you and know now

see didn't night."back. Sadie dark She went some see you do in saying, 'When Rome

Lowell Nevet again that year. He He smiled back and told her to many Roman noses?'Well, to

had been transferred to the San keep her neck clean and let him make all this blunt and sharp, I've

Francisco office. She didn't go out know when she was through kintaken on myself the side of your

again, but went back to her old dergarten. education which you never thoughtcure for all ills—work; but deep The time sped by, leaving only was important. I'm doing it as

down inside under the hurt of that one more week to go. The school revenge on Doo Dad, since you

last night, under all the trouble, said she had made a wonderful recwouldn't let me bust him one an idea was forming. ord and they would try to help when he needed it. If you like

That summer Sadie refused the place her. Then Pete called. it just nod and let me finish."She

help of relatives for the completion "This is it, isn't it? Have you nodded. "Well, my cousin Kay

of college. She would go into San got your white graduation dress Wilson, maybe Blanche has told

Francisco to business college and made?"you about her, is a designer for one

then if she could make her own "Hello, Pete,"she said, "Yes, of the smartest shops in San Franway she would like to finish up I'll be through Monday."cisco. She's to be the new Dean of

and get her degree. "Well, it's about time. I'm m Women. She is of the best in

She went at this school with the a rush, so take this dictation. every way and has heard all about

same grim determination she had You'll get used to the phrase. you through me and Blanche, and

gone at the last one. Only a little Come down to 38 Market at 3:30 what's more she liked te idea and

while now and she would be able Monday and enter into the world has sworn to secrecy. You're not

to try for a job. of business."even to wash your neck without

One afternoon she went down He went on, not giving her a her advice.

to put on her hat and saw through chance. "It's only part time but "Now, for example here are a

the mirror the grinning face of that's better for a starter. All few things I suggest. Don't be in

Pete Rowley. O. K.? No, thanks, it's a favor to such a rush about everything. That

The Improvement Era for June, 1933 575

walk of yours will never do. You doing things for her. She would

aren't jumping mud puddles on soon be so far in jhis debt that she

Market Street. The only mud in would never get out. Pete told her

this town is up at the Civic center she was a little out of characterin the city offices. Let men do the to gush and to forget it. He asked *!..,<

talking. Always think twice beif it was cake he could smell over.(.I--

fore you say anything. Your mind the phone.

is onehundred percent, but your For the first three weeks she did tongue is always in head of it when just as the business college ads said you get out. You promised not their graduates would do. Mr. BarNever have gasoline

to be hurt, so smile."He talked rett's secretary came down the row claims been so quickon and on. of desks and asked Rosalyn to come ly proved and underThat night Sadie Ross was so into her office. She said she had to scored by hundreds of

all tranthat at hadbewildered that but leave Mr. town Barrett thousands of drivers off fell into right shespired that building. a report on a new wanted

the untroubled sleep of utter exThe list of material wanted was on intent only on finding haustion. this paper. Here were most of the a better gasoline at

Weeks passed. She met Kay places she could find the stuff. Yes, a "regular"price. At

Wilson and liked her. Sadie went she could use this office. And the Red Triangle Stations.

through this school as she had gone secretary was gone.

through the other two. The reRosalyn looked at the list. She

sults were amazing, even to Sadie looked at the references and looked

Ross, who was now Rosalyn Ross, at the books. Here was something

after her mother. The work she she could do and do well, so she

did at the office came easy and she plowed in. Sihe made notes, called

was well liked. She started to go up a man, made more notes, went

out to parties, to hotel dances, and to see a company, made more notes, then up a step to the operas and and worked until eight o'clock.

musical shows and symphony conNext morning the office was buzcerts. Sadie Rosalyn Ross; she zing with excitement. The secredidn't even know herself at times. tary had run off and got married.

She became more self confident in Gone. All the girls wondered.

time and even ventured to put forth Mr. Barrett came out of his ofsome of her ideas and convictions fice and asked who R. R. was.

out in public, always in a quiet, Sadie said she was. He wanted to

cool, unruffled voice. Never views see her. "You're Miss Ross I beon farming. lieve?"

WJien anyone asked her who she was and from whence she came, she "Yes."smiled and said, "I'm a farmer "You came here on a very good When Your

gone wrong."Everybody laughed recommendation. I like your

on. work."went He believed "This reHome Burns her. In theand nobody

all?"port, did do it you the to hide she tried old days when

straw in her makeup everybody Sadie nodded, "Yes."There's a certain amount ol

knew she was a farmer. She laugh- "It isn't exactly what I wanted comfort to know that should fire

ed and wondered about it all. but that isn't important. What destroy your home tonight that

I like is the effort. It's more than you are covered by Fire InsurJVAY knew where to I am used to around here. How ance.

secretarylike a at a try you would the at smartest things thebuy will indemnify insurance Such ship?"prices; possible lowest what knew loss the incurred for and you I it if like sure were "I would best to one's out bring to wear to rebuild your allow home you it."handle I could treatall the points; beauty knew financial hardship. without

ments. S(he had taste and judg- "Fine,"he said; "you can start It's worth a good deal to have

ment and seemed to take delight in today. We can make the salary this protection in these times.

using her knowledge on Rosalyn arrangements when Mr. Mose gets See our agent in your town.

Ross. Then one afternoon Rosback."

alyn made her biggest stride of all. Sadie went at it as she did everyPete came in out of breath as thing else. In three weeks Mr. UTAH HOME FIRE

usual and said she was fired. He Barrett admitted that he didn't INSURANCE CO.

said that she had a job, a real one, know how he had gotten along working in the offices of Barrett before she came. She met Mrs. HEBER J. GRANT & CO.

and Mose Construction Co. Pete Barrett and went out with them General Agents

took her down the next morning for dinner. Mrs. Barrett even

and she started to work the next liked her, and when a farmer can 20 South Main Street day. do all that in a month it's time the Salt Lake City, Utah

That night she called him and sons of the soil were called somesaid that he would (have to stop thing besides green.

576 The Improvement Era for June, 1933

Mr. Barrett started leaving small depression and my hopes are busiitems in the business for her to ness. The hopes are plenty slim."

handle in her own way.

A week later she was working They ate and talked at her desk when the buzzer and she actually enjoyed it, she felt sounded. She lifted the receiver. so completely master of a situation

"A man to see me about some once so baffling. Let him talk, he

advertising. If you are not busy would get to it himself soon

I'll let you handle it. I'll send enough. Finally he said, "My

him in."No more warning than company seems to think they could

that. She looked up and there handle your advertising account for

stood Doo Dad Lowell Nevet as a lot less money than the Andrews big as life. people and do a lot better job in

the bargain."He took a folder out

of his pocket and began in earnest.

J UST for a minute, She wasn't listening.

ever such a short one, all the old "Lowell."He stopped talking

panic returned. She was Sadie Ross and looked up in the middle of his

C-ne Jjnae again and wanted to talk and babstrongest selling point, surprised at ble to cover her embarrassment. the tone in her voice. "I heard

The observance of the Butute. onlyShe forkepteverstillsuchanda smiledshort minand whatthe nightyou toldmy thatfathergirldied."at the clubShe

correct social forms is slowly began to realize that she saw the color drain from his face.

was really seeing him for the first "You see, I'm not a competent never more important time, his pink baby skin and weak judge of the merits of your sales chin. She smiled again and liked talk. I'll give you a fair break,

than in the matter of the situation even better. Here however, for the nice times you

this caused was a green had monkey farmer's daughter. showed who Wedding Invitations or

a her I bucket of tears, wanthe I'll tell Barrett and rather he would

Announcements. Here ed something. She thought, they made up his mind about this himwrite stories for moments like this. self. This winds it up. I've paid

you are certain of the Then he spoke: off my obligations and I'll pay my

newest and smartest. "Sadie Ross! Well lay me low."own check."

She wanted to call him Doo He started to say something. He

One hundred $.00 Dad, but thought better of it. hadwas gone.never sure what it was. She

"Hello, Lowell."

Sadie alley ditched a back priced at 7 down laughed, He "I came in here for to shed for being a few tears something but you sort of took nasty before she called Pete's officeso THE my breath—that thinfrom a corner drug store. is—you're ner aren't you?"

Deseret News I The fool, he was blushing! you"Hello,give himthatbothyoubarrels?"Sadie? Did

"Press lunch"Can'tsomeweplacego andand iiavetalk? someIt's "How did you know, Pete?"

29 Richards Street surely good to see you.""I sent him down there, the

to him. it coming Salt Lake City,

never be any Utah "Yes, right now if you like."squirt.I knew thereHe hadwould 11H0-U Lno

He helped her on with her coat. hope for me until you had given

"Where would you like to go?"him the works. I've been like this

all along. Blanche knows it; Kay "I fish,"love answered, she BE INDEPENDENT

it, it; and knows you know now is full Francisco Vocation "San of them."So Profitable! Other No

if just the say the and word, you if it at see glanced She to him ENROLL NOW it."can whole town know Course For a Complete still at the struck, but he beamed.

Across the table at Bernstein's Sadie Rosalyn Ross laughed. "I

a for this Of hoped long time Culture and BeautyQuisli School tell he began me all had again. "Now

it take in long wondered the West would The Best how yourself. about What's happen304-9 BIdg. Ezra at Thompson corner me. a I'm drug down

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ed?"store. If I had known you were

For Further Information This time she recognized the coming I'd have baked a cake."

Call Catalog and farmer's pitfall so easily. "It Pete Hubert Rowley laughed. or 7560 Wasatch

Fill in This wouldn't interest you, Lowell. "You're right in there, Gretchen.

-- -.. -.. -% Coupon I'm just another farmer gone Where is this drug store?"

wrong. What are your chief hopes Pete was a good egg. That's a

and worries?"good ending for a story about a

He said, "My worries are the farmer, I guess.

"VtAAn iigjEJOJA

A MISSIONARY SPEAKS OF THE IMPROVEMENT And another one for Ardyth Kennelly and her "Sixteen

ERA Sings."Delightful.

"Your new serial, 'Forever or Never,'is great. Mr.

GENTLEMEN: The Era"Siouxis worthFalls,a lotS. toDakota,us hereJunein the2. are.Harmsen has painted his hero like too many of us 'mishies'

field. In fact, though there was a stack of them always Sincerely yours,

around home, it wasn't until I came out here that I actually Ivan C. Jones."

became actively conscious of its existence. But now that I

Farmer Gone its OLSON, who writes learned "A take have from and it away HARVARD me—or value—try

it, the misthe rest in Springville. so far while This, about I'm of any of Wrong,"lives as we know, us. And

sionaries in this district are positively 'crazy'about 'Forever is his first story. He is an electrician on the Salt Lake and

or Never.'There are only half enough copies to go around Utah Railroad and writes a bit between times for fun.

and it's almost a struggle for it when it comes. I suppose

it's here's Kennelly needless Lovely Ardyth say 'Keep work,'Youth!"for but good up the me to

as Era's. to bigger better stories. I only they poetic wish came and her youthful, often HOWwith one of isWewithhopeus you'llagain

as the Liahona.'like it.

Yours truly, LaRelle Nelson."ELDER BALLARD, business manager of The Improvement

Era, announced at June Conference that where time wlU

SOMEBODY said, "It is a difference of opinion that makes permit the editors will offer criticism on stories and poems.

horseraces."Read the following communication. Time is exceedingly limited with us on account of many calls

"Route 1, Phoenix, Arizona. made upon us from other sources than the magazine; however,

is invited, able occasionally to criticism be where might we

I nearly the for reading been Editor: Era have

it. DEAR a offer to it, too. years, I want make enjoying two and Now writers that discovered, do sorrow, to have our some We

protest. criticism; like appreciate others ask for not not it do who bothers a that conscience have "Captain must Harmsen receive. are terribly natured through they what good But we

is in stuff Forever putting as he to write such make him him all, it will best. our and do

to the make Editor something he have on Never, and or must him print it. No missionary released from the mission field CONFERENCE OF WRITERS TO BE HELD IN

would think and act like John Alder does. If he did, it COLORADO

release, a and dishonorable deserved because be he would held will be of Writers Mountain Rocky CONFERENCE got hadn't to at at July Boulder, the University Colorado, of 24 years mission in the A three spent has or two man it.who "A will as lectures be conferences Classes as 12. well and August Spirit, the field, one of the preaching the Gospel Power by

letters held. to the address Univermterested could Writers bitter. that Calling, his be Spirit not could the of had who

sity of for further information. Colorado

is printing such for to be condemned Improvement Era The material, and Captain Harmsen should be spanked for writing TWENTYSECOND ANNUAL TIMPANOGOS HIKE it.

got Arizona. at Phoenix, wrote the Captain "I He my 'I *HE Twentysecond JULYAnnual 2122Timpanogos Hike is scheduled never letter have replied: dere Sharley?'No, I and 'Was you

been on a mission, but I know that a faithful exmissionary -'- to be held on Friday and Saturday, July 21 and 22. Work

could not act and feel like John Alder does in 'Forever or has already begun on the Theatre of the Pines and a new water

Never.'I call upon all young men and women who have given system for Aspen Grove, according to Vivian West, Forest

their time and money in the cause of the Lord to rise up in proRanger in that district. The Annual program will be held

test against this story. Stop it. Don't finish it. It doesn't Friday evening and will be followed by the hike on Saturday

belong in the Era. It belongs in the fire. Burn the unprinted morning.

installments.

"You wouldn't actually pay money for this trash, would U. B. I. C. TO BE HELD IN AUGUST

as Industrial held Conference will be Basin you?

to has Erastus Peterson, according "WasI willCaptaingive Harmsenyou betterevercopy.actually on a mission himself? THEusualUintahthis year, who

And was he really a Conference President like the announcebeen a prime mover in the conference for years. The Conferment said? Why won't he explaia his action in writing such ence was called off, but such a protest followed from the

a story? He said: 'I do not attempt to explain any action people that plans were immediately laid to continue the celeNever'in 'Forever result act of character or of any or any is the interpretation bration. Bet I Can,""U

as it stories of for that matter. I put or down any my initials advertising in to used the times the conference—Andgiven someinterpre- his in places reader the story, the happens and ownit Can They

I it. offer to tation defensJ make. I have no alibi. upon no

that is writes and Milkweed"been "Bread needed. has on a mission Ask any None man who

still, a mission Better the homecoming. go on about a sister to George K. Lewis, City girl, yourORAstory,LEWIS,is a SaltwhoLake

self. Then perhaps you will understand. It is wellmeaning the artist and photographer. Miss Lewis is now in Mexico

people like you who drive returned missionaries to drink.'gathering local color for her poems and songs.

"I thought the Era was improving, but now I am convinced, it is not. WOULD YOU LIKE MORE ART?

"Hoping you will stop a close. that time will soon we come to volume By

Sincerely, artists. living twelve 'Forever or Never,'I remain. OURshall There Utah have presented

B. Van Hermes."are at least twelve more who deserve to be presented. We are

like the frontispieces. We'll be readers our wondering how LESSON SEEMS GET THE TO HE us a card. drop glad to have you "22 Verviers, Bridaut, Belgium, May 19, 1933. Rue

GIRLS, ATTENTION! GLEANER AND MEN M this occasion to thank I take Editor: you May DEAR of advertisement Era on the inside Improvement The are 'Mishies.'a monthly sent to the us out Eras They for READ

Merrill interested. you'll be cover. the front tie that well. practical delight, aid to a us as We think Another and

binds us to Zion! All of us here in the French mission E. Wood and Mary D. Thomas, the winners of the scholarare rooting for the m. ships this year, have both completed two years of college work

"I should also like to send a bouquet to Harris Weberg and are eager to press forward to a degree. You may be the

for his art work. Long may he slave, with such results. fortunate ones next year.

A-** ***

The Modern Declaration of Financial Independence

A SURE. SAFE METHOD OF CREATING AN IMMEDIATE CASH ESTATE

Our financial world has awakened, during the past few years, to the fact that life insurance is the one investment plan that positively does the job you wish done.

The liberal dividends paid by The BIG HOME COMPANY to its policyholders have increased year after year, convincing the public that the Beneficial Life is one company operating for the benefit of its policyholders.

Investigate the many special advantages received in Beneficial Life Policies.

ALL BENEFICIAL POLICYHOLDERS SHARE IN THE NET EARNINGS OF THE COMPANY

DIRECTORS

Hebei- J. Grant

A. W. Ivins

J. Clark, Jr. UBnBrlM&> Reuben

Geo. J. Cannon

B. F. Grant

Jos. F. Smith

David 0. McKay m B. C. A. Ohison mMWAmw m E. T. Ralphs o