l.&\ V

Recent Developments in Applied Science DR. THOMAS B. BRIGHTON

Seven Minutes in Eternity WILLIAM DUDLEY PELLEY

Utah Athletes prof. h. r. merrill

From the Land of Cherry Blossoms C. M. BERGE f%

Man in the World of Unseen Things dr. thomas l. martin

Our Liberties in Danger Story—Whenprof. Strengthn. l. nelson Returned mm

christie lund—nwnnntrinini ii

Low Vacation Fares Now... to California

—roundtrip fares greatly reduced on sale daily May 15 until Sept. 80.

Return limit October 31. For example, to:

Los Angeles Los Angeles San Francisco San Francisco both ways via one way via San Francisdirect via cirenit via Portland

San Franeisco co; retnrn via Las Venae Reno back to Salt Lake City

$40.00 $47.50 $40.00 $62.15

Proportionately low fares from all other points in Utah,

Idaho, Montana. Stopovers anywhere.

Southern Pacific For further information call, write or phone

PRESS BANCROFT, General Agent 41 So. Main St., Salt Lake City—Phones Was. 3008—3078

Make Vacation

Time Preparation Time

Prepare at the L. D. S. Business

College

School in session all the year

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA * Beginning with the nnOUnCing November Issue A THE New Improvement Era Combining the present Young Woman's Journal and Improvement Era

Two Magazines in one. All the best features of both. There will be

no increase in price.

More departments—more features—more illustrations—more

value. All for the regular price of the present a year.—more contributors ERA—$2

THE NEW ERA DEPARTMENTS 1929, tl.e of issue November, ImIn addition to the arspecial-feature provement Bra a present ticles to be printed in issue, each theTHE New entirely difmagazine.Era new—bigger,will will contain as follows: departments ferent, interesting, more more I. Editorial, Priesthood, A., M. Joint Recfascinating than ever have you reation and Activities, Leisuretime Young inknown any Church magazine. Ladies'Association Men's Young Work the With numler, the November Ne Association Work, the Field from News severalBra radical makes departures from items. miscellaneous and

the form you are familiar with. There will be somethingof definite and

NEW SIZE specialPriesthood,interesteverytoM. everyI. A. worker—inmember of fact,the every of the Church. of the member Much It will appear standard in New will material provide excellent interSize—the and sizemagazine Literfollowed the by now esting for reading people not are who Digest.ary of American, Forum, Review of the Church. high members stanThe

Reviews, World's Work, Mentor, Liberty dard of literary excellence will be mainand other standard magazines. tained ana, with the addition of many new

NEW DRESS willspecialbe features,heartily thiswelcomednewtypeby magazinereaders everywhere. It will appear in New Dress—a beautifulnew cover printed in colors. An importantand interestingpicture will be featured on BEGINNING IN NOVEMBER

tie cover each month. Most of these pictures have never before been printed and While the announcement of the consolidation of the two magazines is made an excellent collection of outwill make at this time, the actual place merger takes views.standing with the November issue. Until then the

and the Journal Young ImproveWoman's CENTENNIAL, YEAR. at will be present, published Era ment as

The first volume of the New Improvewith special articles appearing each montn, n ent Era will have Centennial Year as its in addition to important messages for central theme. Special attention will be Priesthood and M. I. A. workers and dedevoted to historical events, progress of tailed i formation regarding the New Era.

the past century, Centennial Year features, You will need the M. I. A. magazines now

and current development. more than ever.

Charter Subscriptions for the NEW "Improvement Era"are now being received

The first number will be filled with important historical and souvenir features. It will be by far the most interesting and valuable issue in years.

The demand for it is sure to be great.

To make certain you will get yours, your subscription should reach the office at the earliest possible date. Subscriptions received now may begin at

once or with the November issue.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "17ie Richest Child Is Poor Without Musical Training"

Buya BabyCrandPiano

Nothing Takes the Place of a Piano in Your Home

You can buy a fine grand now for Steinert, Kimball, Kurtzmann, what you used to pay for an upIvers & Pond, Harrison (Kimballright. Scientific construction conrnade) and other famous names

serves on size and also makes comprise our grand piano stock.

things easier on your purse. Your favorite's here.

Other Instruments Taken In Trade. Long Easy Terms

Write (X We Ship for Anywhere FREE Satisfaction Catalogs JOSEPH'J "OLDER. PAYNESTHANPRESIDENTTHE STATE SJ2?OF???/?*UTAH"Guaranteed

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA & f IMPROVEMENT ERA JULY, 1929 Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor Melvin J. Ballard, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Main Street, Salt Lake City, in 18 70 - - Frontispiece

Stars and Stripes. A Poem - - lwin L. Wamock 705

Recent Developments in Applied Chemistry - - - - - - - - Dr. Thomas B. Brighton 707

HUMANISM Joseph S. Peery 712

Seven Minutes in Eternity - - William Dudley Pelley 713

Utah Athletes Coming Into Their Own. Illustrated

Prof. Harrison R. Merrill 723

STATE OF MY NATIVITY. A POEM Grace Ingles Frost 727

Reaction Against Cigarette Advertising - - - - 728

Cigarette Advertising Condemned - 729... Baptism yer [e jy. pry 729....... Hugh J. Cannon 730 REED NOT A BROKEN

Senator Smoot Speaks in U. S. Senate Against Cigarette Advertising -732

From the Land of Cherry Blossoms C. M. Berge 733

Man in the World of Unseen Things - Dr. Thomas L. Martin 736

- - - Mrs. Fred G. Kilgare 739 Understanding. A Poem

- Prof. Harrison R. Merrill 740 COUNTY AGENT IN A NEW ROLE

- Joseph Longkmg Townsend 742 A Woodland Madrigal. A Poem

- - - Prof. N. L. Nelson 743 Our Liberties in Danger

- Andrew Jenson 747 Observation of Nature Recommended

FLOODS George D. Kirby 748

- David Archibald 748 OUR GOD, TO--------THEE We SING. A POEM

Oscar A. Kirkham Honored. 749...- Ellis V. Christensen 750 As the Day Begins in a Coral Atoll

Forward Hollywood. Illustrated - Adele Cannon Howell 751

When Strength Returned. A Story Christie Lund 756

In the Death Grip of a Grizzly Carrer E. Grant 762

Our Practical Religion - - - Ernest Smith 768

THE CALL OF YOUTH. A POEM - - Clara Home Park 769

CROSSES. A POEM Helen M. Livingston 770

- - - - - 771 Messages from the Missions......Illustrated

- - - 778 Editors'Table—The New Improvement Era

Smile Posts of Satisfaction - Dr. John A. Widtsoe 779

Priesthood Quorums - - - - - - - - -780 - M. M. Johnson 783 Faith Without Works is Dead. A Poem

- 784 Mutual Work Church Events 790....

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are considered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, will be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City; $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church

Office Building.

EDITOR'S ANNOUNCEMENTS

"My Seven Minutes in Eternity,"runner of other articles along similar by William Dudley Pelley, is conlines by the same author.

cluded in this number. This story has

Recent track meets held in Utah,been a sensation. William A. Morton,

with various western universities comwell known as a writer and speaker peting, have demonstrated that ourthroughout the Church, has the folathletes are rapidly coming to thelowing to say: "I cannot find words A graphic account of theseto express my appreciation of this front.

article. It alone is worth many times activities is found in the article of Harrison R. Merrill. That two of Utah'sthe price of subscription for the Era."

Any of our readers who have overschools could beat the best offered by schools of adjoining states is a sourcelooked the first part of this amazing who believe thatstory should by no means fail to look of satisfaction to all we, in this intermountain country, areit up and peruse it carefully. developing manhood which can comOur leading article, "Recent Events pete successfully, either mentally or

in Applied Chemistry,"by Dr. Thomphysically, with the best that can be

as B. Brighton, is a clear exposition of found.

what science is doing for us in some of is thethe common things of life. One is im- "Our Liberties in Danger,"

title of a timely article from the pen ofpressed with the marvelous contributo all ourtion being made for the comfort of Prof. N. L. Nelson, known

mankind by men of science. This will readers as a writer of unusual ability.

remind us, too, of the debt of gratitude Dr. John A. Widtsoe, now presidwe owe them. ing over the European mission, sends

"The Call of Youth,"a poem by us a brief review of a book issued reClara Home Park, is deserving of cently by one of the presidents laboring thoughtful reading. While it applies under his direction. Pres. John P.

particularly to those whose habits are Lillywhite, in charge of the Netherin process of formation, it may be lands mission has published a little read with profit by men and women of volume, Smile Posts of Satisfaction, which is deserving of much praise.mature years.

"Man in the World of Unseen An interesting sketch of a young

Things,"is a contribution to this numJapanese member of the Church who ber from the pen of Dr. Thomas L. is working his way through the B. Y.

Martin, of the Brigham Young Uni- U. is found in this number, under the

versity. It not only imparts some title "From the Land of Cherry Blosvery valuable information, but it soms."

breathes throughout a spirit of faith in "Oscar A. Kirkham Honored,"gives the Creator who has so amply pro- a brief description of the steps nowvided for the needs of his children.

being taken to have the American

Carter E. Grant, a frequent congroup properly directed at the great

tributor to our columns, is with us Jamboree which is to be held in Engagain in this issue. His story, under the land beginning the latter part of July.

title "In the Death Grip of a Grizzly,"By honoring "Oscar"the committee describes the difficulties which were in charge has materially increased its met and overcome by the intrepid men own efficiency. For such a place, this

who first blazed the trails into the man, who is a direct product of "Morwestern wilderness. This is the foremonism,"has no peers.

Stars and Stripes What do you see when the flag goes by,

That your hat comes off and your head goes high?

it wave. What are your thoughts as you see

As though by the breath of the boys who gave

Their all in all that it still might be

The world's high trust in Liberty?

In Argonne's shade, where the whining steel

Left a path of dead for the giant's heel.

sting of lead. A khaki lad felt the

And groaned in the dust while his clothes turned red.

An eternity passed that afternoon,

And the lad grew wise and old too soon.

Humanity trooped through his fevered brain,

Pleading relief from the Tyrant's reign.

Man's unjust acts to his fellowman,

Down through the age since the earth began,

All were his in that cosmic hour,

Till his anguished soul cried out for power its sin and strife, To cleanse the earth from

And replace therefor the abundant life

Of Peace and Love and Loyalty,

Where those who serve are royalty.

As dusk creeps o'er the deadstrewn field, the dark concealed, A rescue corps, by

Placed a friendly hand on the fevered brow,

And were pledged that night to a sacred vow.

"Take this little flag,"the sufferer said, "Bullet pierced, with blood soaked red.

And dye each alternate stripe to be,

That each new flag becomes part of me.

Leave some stripes clean and pure and white,

Unspotted still for our nation's light.

In the corner there fling a field of blue,

With God's own stars still shining through.

Then build a pole of the nation's strength.

full length * * Run my flag to the top * * * * let my people bow, Before OLD GLORY

Yes, * * Yes, Dear God, I am ready now *."

What do you see when the flag goes by,

That your hat comes off and your head goes high?

it wave. What are your thoughts when you see

As though by a breath from an Argonne grave?

"WARNOCKSiaurd. Utah *RVIN L

Improvement Era

Vol. XXXII JULY, 1929 No. 9

Recent Developments in Applied

Chemistry M. I. A. Radio K. S. L. Address by Dr. Thomas B. Brighton

is probably no other of the sciences which touches ourTHERE lives as we live them today in as many ways as does chemistry.

It will be my pleasure to point out to you some of the comparatively recent advances, in which the chemist has done his part, which makes our lives longer and more pleasant.

Perhaps logically we should start with the chemist's part in improving our food supply. The biochemist, with the discovery of

the several vitamines, has brought strongly to our attention the need of certain varieties of food, especially of green, leafy vegetables and fruits. He has shown also the need of a variety of proteins.

The industrial chemist, working with the engineer by improving means of refrigeration, makes possible the supplying and keeping of vegetables, fruits and meats at all seasons. Now not only are ice

and ammonia being used in refrigeration, but sulphur dioxide is used in electric refrigeration in the home, and solid carbon dioxide, or dry ice, is being used to keep cool foods in transit. Some railroad

cars are now kept cool by special ammonia absorption plants instead of by ice.

The improvements and economies in flour milling and blending, in bread and cracker manufacture, in the making of butter substitutes, in the keeping up of quality of our foods generally, can be attributed largely to the work of the chemist.

The World Threatened With Starvation to grow plants for food, food for plants must be presentIN order in the soils. As the soil is cropped from year to year, it becomes exhausted of its plant foods, and we say it must be fertilized.

This fertilizing was done originally by the use of barnyard manure and other animal wastes, but since the supply of these materials was very limited, not over twenty years ago prominent students were predicting that within a generation or so the people of the world would begin to starve because of soil exhaustion. One of the essential plant foods, and the one which caused most worry, is nitro708 IMPROVEMENT ERA My. "Z9

gen; and it seemed impossible to supply enough to the soil in a

form which plants could use. The atmosphere is more than 75

per cent nitrogen, but the plants cannot use free gaseous nitrogen but require it combined with other elements. The chief, almost

only, supply of fixed nitrogen known was in the deserts of Chile, where large tonnages of sodium nitrate had accumulated due to the action of the dry air and bacteria on the refuse and remains accumulated from sea birds. The supply was being used at such a rate that the

end was really in sight when chemists worked out methods of combining nitrogen of the air with oxygen or hydrogen to produce compounds which plants as well as the industries can use. The most interesting and important of these methods of fixing nitrogen is that of

Haber. In this process, nitrogen of the air is combined under very high

pressures and in the presence of a catalyst with hydrogen from water, to form ammonia. This ammonia can be used to make fertilizers

or it can be oxidized to nitric acid. The nitric acid so produced is

used in the manufacture of dyes, explosives, lacquers, celluloid and other products. It is worth noting that last year over 50% of the

fixed nitrogen used came from the air. In Europe the industry

is very well established while in our own country several large plants are functioning very successfully.

I used the word catalyst a moment ago, so perhaps should explain that a catalyst is a substance which increases the rate at which a reaction occurs. Thus in the sulphuric acid industry we speak

of the "contact process."Here sulphur dioxide and oxygen, in the

presence of platinum as a catalyst, combine to form sulphur trioxide, which with water gives sulphuric acid. Another interesting catalyst

is finely divided metallic nickel used in the hydrogenation of oils.

If through a heated vegetable oil, cottonseed oil, for example, hydrogen be passed in the presence of very finely divided nickel, the gas is absorbed and a product which is a solid fat is produced. Thus

we get the food products, among which we know Crisco and Snowdrift. Without the presence of the platinum or nickel catalyst, no

appreciable reaction occurs.

While we are talking foods, we might take note of the improved glasses now on the market. The best known of these is

"pyrex,"developed first for use in the chemical laboratory but now used for cooking utensils. This glass has so low a coefficient

of expansion that it will stand sudden changes of temperature without breaking. It also is much more resistant to shock than ordinary

glass and does not break easily when dropped.

How We Are Gaining Sunlight of nutrition and of disease have for some time reSTUDENTS alized the value of sunlight, yet they found that the short light

July, 1929 RECENT DEVELOPMENTS IN APPLIED CHEMISTRY 709

waves, the socalled ultraviolet, could not pass through window glass. These wave lengths arc of extreme value to life, especially

to the growing child. So there has come the development of varieties

of glass which will allow the passage of the ultraviolet light.

Already some hospitals and sanitariums have their sunrooms built with windows of this glass which allows these most valuable and healthgiving light waves to pass through. We might note, too,

the development of special electric lamps which imitate the sun in their light. These are possible only because of the light studies of

the physicist and physical chemist.

In our own city a considerable portion of the ultraviolet light from the sun does not reach us because of absorption by the smoke in our winter atmosphere. In this field, too, the chemist has made

great progress. By study of combustion he has shown how to

burn coal in the larger plants without producing smoke. More

important, he has made much progress in coal treatment to produce a product which burns without smoke. In making this lowtemperature coke, a large amount of gas as well as

quantities of oils and tars are produced. These oils are valuable

as motor fuels while from the tars come solvents and the base materials for making dyes and medicinals. Other products are pitch

and creosotes for disinfectants and wood preservatives, etc.

Chemistry Solves Big Industrial Problems

mention pf motor fuel from coal should remind us of theTHE improvements made in gasoline as well as economies in its production. Much of the crude petroleum, as it comes from the

wells, contains perhaps 20 per cent of light hydrocarbons which might be classed as gasoline. Yet, by process of cracking, it is not

unusual to produce upwards of 70 per cent of gasoline from the crude oil. The less valuable oils are broken down into lighter ones which

we commonly consider as gasoline. This makes for a much more

efficient utilization of this great natural resource.

As our wells go dry, we still can look to our supplies of oil shale as well as to coal and alcohol for our motor fuels of the future.

In order to obtain high efficiency from a gasoline engine, high compression of the gasolineair mixture is necessary. Under this

compression, at the temperatures involved, most gasolines ignite and socalled "knocking"occurs. After years of research and study

of literally thousands of compounds, lead tetraethyl has been found very efficient in preventing this preignition knock. This product

which we commonly hear referred to simply as the ethyl of ethyl gasoline makes possible better efficiency and greater power in the newer, highcompression motors.

July, 1929710 IMPROVEMENT ERA

During the world war certain socalled "dopes"were developed for coating the fabric on the wings of aeroplanes. These had to be

waterproof as well as able to stand the extremes of heat and cold.

From these products have been developed a large number of our newer lacquers and varnishes. We know the Duco type of enamel

and how much longer it withstands the weather than the old paint and varnish. Since these new cellulose products are dissolved in

volatile solvents, it is possible to finish the painting of an automobile in fewer hours than the number of days formerly required when ordinary paints and varnishes were used. The basis of these

new lacquers is cellulose, the chief constituent of cotton fiber and of wood. Cleaned cotton or purified wood pulp is properly treated

to produce gun cotton, smokeless powder, celluloid, pyroxylin or artificial ivory, artificial leather, noninflammable moving picture films, paints and lacquers and also rayon.

Rayon was at one time referred to as artificial silk but chemically it is the same as cotton. Cotton or cleaned wood pulp is

treated with the proper reagents to produce a jellylike mass. This

jelly is pressed through tiny holes into solutions which cause it to set. Each jlittle stream of jelly produces a thread of rayon.

These threads after curing and washing can be dyed, spun and woven into cloth of great beauty. Last year over 250 million pounds of

rayon were produced, about onethird of which was used for the manufacture of stockings. A pound of rayon will make thirty

to forty pair of stockings and costs from $2.00 to $4.00 according

to variety and quality. The demand and production are steadily

increasing and the quality is being steadily improved. So we may

look for more and better silky fabrics.

Our attention should be drawn to the improvement made in dyes. At one time the United States was almost entirely dependent

on Germany for its dye supply. During the world war this supply

was cut off so that we were stimulated to make our own. Now we

are independent of the rest of the world, though some varieties are still imported, and besides the old standard colors many new ones have been produced, as is evidenced by the dyed fabrics now being used.

Not even the rainbow or the sunset can rival the artificial colors in richness and variety.

While the dye chemist has been improving the number and quality of his products, the rubber chemist has been busy. By research and experiment he has learned how to make tires and tubes

and rubber goods which wear several times as long as similar articles did a few years ago. The ordinary rubbers you wear during the

winter will probably last two seasons, whereas, ten years or less ago.

two pair were required for one season. This has come through

July, 1929 RECENT DEVELOPMENTS IN APPLIED CHEMISTRY 7 1 1

improved methods of curing the rubber latex, of vulcanizing and of applying the rubber. Much progress has been made in preventing

the deterioration of rubber with age by the addition of socalled antioxidants.

The Chemist's Contribution to Medicine

EFORE finishing, we ought to be reminded of the progress made by the biochemist in the field of medicine. We know of the

vitamines and their importance to health. We have heard of insulin, discovered at the University of Toronto, which brings hope

and comfort to the patient suffering from diabetes. This compound, obtained from the pancreas, makes possible the use of certain

amounts of starch and sugar, socalled carbohydrates, by the sufferer and, if the case is not too far advanced aids greatly in its cure.

In the fields of antiseptics much has been accomplished, and instead of the old, smelly carbolicacid type, we now have some of the type of mercurochrome which are not irritating, are effective and even can be, under proper conditions, injected into the blood stream.

Dakins'solution, a neutral solution of sodium hypochlorite, did wonderful service during the war in preventing gangrene and is still used in hospitals. Even more useful is chloramine T, a close relative

but more stable and less irritating. Very important and interesting

is hexylresorcinol, which is 50 times as powerful as carbolic acid and yet can be taken by mouth. It disinfects the blood stream and

especially the kidneys and renders the urine sterile.

Besides antiseptics have come new anesthetics and, instead of only cocaine for local anesthesia, we have procaine, apothesine, butyn and others for special purposes which are less toxic, cheaper and are not habitforming. The chemist has learned to associate certain

structures in the molecule with specific effect, so can make a drug with almost any given desired effect.

In the lines of total anesthesia have come improvements over the use of ether or chloroform by use in some cases of nitrous oxide, of ethylene or even of acetylene. Much remains to be done here,

however.

Of very great interest and importance is the study of the secretions of the socalled ductless glands. For the relief of those who

have asthma, hives or heart failure we now have adrenalin or epinephrin. It not only is of use as mentioned but stops bleeding locally

when injected, by causing a contraction of the blood vessels. This

substance has been synthesized and its structure is understood so that it can be prepared pure and of definite strength. Another product

rather recently discovered is thyroxin, a substance present in the thyroid glands, connected in its effects with growth and metabolism

July, 199712 IMPROVEMENT ERA

control. Studies bringing much information about the pituitary

and other glands and the socalled hormones connected with them have been very fruitful, and medicine is profiting greatly therefrom.

We can expect still greater progress as the years go by for the work is really not much more than well begun.

We might go on into the fields not only of foods, clothing and medicine, but also those of communication, housing, transportation and reaction and at every turn we should find the chemist doing his part in the preparation, purification, protection, or improvement of practically everything with which we come in contact. There

is no science which has more to do with our lives and their living than chemistry.

Humanism

The greatest and best educators in the world's history are those who teach faith in God as the end of all teaching. Their words live, and forever uplift

humanity.

Some educators, however, teach humanism, which is to give man all credit for his accomplishments. They make the end of their teachings superman,

and do not recognize God in anything. Such teaching is destructive of faith

in the Father of us all, "the giver of every good and perfect gift.", Such educators fail to recognize God as the giver of the intelligence they enjoy, of the

air they breathe and the food they eat. In their conceit, as Nebucadnezzar, they

are lifted up in the pride of their own achievements and they teach others what great things man alone can accomplish. They do not worship God, but they

worship mentality, notwithstanding the commandment: "Thou shalt have

no other Gods before me."They look upon the mighty cities and the beautiful

palaces and gardens and in the pride of their hearts they say: "See the great

Babylon that we have built by our own power and for our own honor and majesty."Surely the words of Daniel to Belshazzar apply to the teachers of humanism: "Thou hast praised the idols of silver and gold, of brass, iron, wood and

stone, but the true God who lets thee live and gives thee all things, thou hast not praised."

When the awakening finally comes and they see the result of their teachings in the destruction of the faith of their pupils, they would willingly pull the mountains down on their heads, as the Book of Mormon states, rather than face and answer their Maker, but they cannot. Then they will fully realize the

terrible meaning of the Savior's words:

"But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he. Joseph S. Peery.were drowned in the depth of the sea,"(Matt, 18:6)

Seven Minutes in Eternity"By William Dudley Pelley (Conclusion) is a survival of human entity after death of the body, forTHERE I have,seen and talked intelligently with friends whom I had looked down upon as cold wax in caskets.

But that is not all. There is plenty of aftermath. To describe

the effects of the experience, however, it is necessary to intrude a few personal confidences, none of which I am eager to make.

I brought something back with me from that Ecstatic Interlude that had interpenetrated my physical self and which—something

suddenly began to function in strange powers of perception.

I was born the only son of an itinerant Methodist preacher.

Soon after my birth my parents began that oldfashioned Odyssey of traveling from "call"to "call"in the northern Massachusetts back hills.

Orthodox Protestant theology, as it was forty years ago, was far more plentiful in my father's household than bread, butter, clothes, and fuel. Camp meetings and quarterly conferences, the

higher criticism, predestination, free will and election, infant damnation, hell fire, and the day of judgment constituted the household in my young and "tender"years. God early shaped up to me as a

weird combination of heavenly Moloch and sublimated Overseer of the Poor.

Parish poverty forced my father from the ministry, but with grim New England rigor he saw to it that his relinquishment of a pulpit did not lessen my surfeit of conventional theology. Three

times to church on the Sabbath day and twice during the week

me small opportunity to forget my Maker and the gratiTuesdaying—left evening class meeting and Thursday evening prayer meettude I owed him. Just what this gratitude was owed him for

troubled my small soul exceedingly jn those faroff years, because

I found myself created a perpetually hungry, shabbily dressed, and nonetoo-happy youngster who had to start his life labor at fourteen years of age and stay with it thereafter, even to the present.

Rebellion Against Religious Authority

THE years between fourteen and twentytwo I became a smoldIN ering young Bolshevik against every kind of authority—particularly against religious authority which had apparently sanctioned

these injustices against by picking up the rudiments of a me—and

Reprinted, by permission, from American Magazine of March, 1929. First part published in June Era.

July. 1929714 IMPROVEMENT ERA

denied education through promiscuous reading, I went far afield from accredited Christianity.

No need to clutter up this article with a list of the books I read, but at twentytwo, in a little town in northern New York,

I was publishing a brochure magazine of heretical leanings. I had

discovered myself possessed of a certain facility with iconoclastic language, and the courage of my ignorance. Fresh from a wry,

lonely, misunderstood childhood, cluttered up psychologically with the worst sort of New England inhibitions, revengeful that I had been denied social and academic advantages for which my hunger was instinctive, I proceeded to play a lone hand and make things hot for several godly people whose only indictment was that they represented Authority as especially spiritual. aforesaid—and

On maturer perspective I see that I should have been spanked or all the theological misfits in fortyeight states and educated—but

a couple of foreign countries were soon buying my magazine, and my twaddle was piling up to give me much heartache later when

I came to see that I took out on God what I should have taken out on inhibited environment.

The Almighty stood the onslaught pretty well, however. I

got into newspaper work, and marriage, and fatherhood, and more poverty, and that was the last of the heretical magazine, though not of its owner's theological complexes. I shopped around in my

religions. I read still queerer books. And inevitably the day came

when immature intelligence couldn't stand this food, and instead of digesting it, I ejected it a la mal de met For ten years I was one of the worst agnostics that ever had books come to his postoffice box in plain wrappers from freak publishing houses.

I had brains enough to see that my life had been started all wrong and was "getting no better fast,"but had not the academic or social equipment to alter existence and start myself aboutface.

Those were cruel, cruel back on them now. years—lookingA couple of my business projects went to whack. So did my marriage. With each additional snarl I got more and more vindictive.

The death of my first daughter mellowed me somewhat for a time.

I wrote a couple of novels in which love of human nature was largely a reflex from the fearful storm of hatred and despair that was waging inside me. I knew my life was a ghastly mess, that I

was cynical and caustic, that the socalled "friends"whom I could trust could be counted on the fingers of one most of those hand—and

would stand we got nothing in this world unless watching—that

we fought for it with the ferocity of a Siberian wolfdog and that

America's entry into the World War found me in the Orient, without a doubt Death ended everything.

July, 1929 SEVEN MINUTES IN ETERNITY 715

not at all a healthy place for one striving to escape the biological premise for human existence. I went with the Japanese forces to

Siberia, acted as Red Triangle man, consular courier, and war correspondent through the BolshevikCzech campaign, and came back to the United States to face a newspaper business in ruins. The

swarming millions of Asia had not confirmed my faith in the conventional Almighty's goodness and made me only wisdom—had

more skeptical, in I never had anything but remorsefact—though

ful tenderness in my heart of the Man of Sorrows and what he epitomized in the human scheme of things.

Taking Life by Strongarm Methods save my newspaper creditors from loss, I went to HollywoodTO and labored among the Flesh Pots. I made a score of motion

pictures, most of them flops because I had a most uncanny facility for roiling the very persons whom I should have made my friends.

I wrote a couple of books which my publishers refused. I fought

with them in consequence, still taking life by strongarm methods.

I wrote many stories that editors rejected. I fought with them, too.

When an editor wouldn't buy a certain story I sat down to my typewriter and contrived to tell him that I thought him an ass. f

even told the editor of The American Magazine that he was an spite of which he showed his caliber by taking my opinionass—in

as painlessly as possible and going right along buying and publishing my better submissions. That hurt worse than if he had fought with

me. You see, I had the unfortunate complex that the attainment

of success meant a knockdown-anddrag-out scrap. It made me a

lone wolf at life, getting the least bit mangy as I reached my forties.

Time after time I tried sincerely to correct my psychology and get back certain religious (not theological) cues I felt I had lost with the passing of boyhood. I plunged deeper than ever into

elevenpound volumes on all sorts of race traits and behaviorism.

It was a walking exposition of how a man may reach middle life and be the worst internal mess that ever got into "Who's Who."

Brings Something Back TfN view of such an autobiographical summary, can you see the

JA significance of my nocturnal experience?

I went about my bungalow in the days that followed as if Iwere still in a sort of trance—-which verily I was. Days of this,

with a queer unrest galvanizing me, a feeling that I was on the verge of something, that out of my weird SelfProjection onto another plane of existence I had brought something that was working within me like yeast.

July. 1929716 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Then came experience number quite so theatric and two—not

therefore harder to describe.

One night while still imbued with the "feeling"of my fourth dimensional adventure, I took down a volume of Emerson and opened it by chance at his essay on the OverSoul. In the middle of it,

though not reading any specific line, epigram, paragraph, or page, I had a queer moment of confusion, a sort of cerebral vertigo, then a strange physical sensation at the very top of my head as if a beam of pure white light had poured down from above and bored a shaft straight into my skull. In that instant a vast weight went out of

my whole physical ensemble. A veil was torn away.

An Indescribable Experience [ saw no "vision,"but something had happened and was continu- -U- ing to happen. A cascade of pure, cool, wonderful peace was falling down from somewhere above me and cleansing me. My book fell

from my fingers to the rug and stayed there. I sat there staring into

space. / was not the same man I had been a moment before!

I mean this physically, mentally, spiritually. I knew that

somehow I had acquired senses and perceptions that I could never hope to describe to any second person, and yet they were as real to me as the shape of my wrists. For a time I wondered if "much learning

had driven me mad,"but then I recalled that really mad people never question whether or not they're mad. Next, I was aware of something new and strange and different from anything in my whole

experience There was someone in that darkening room with me besides

Laska, my dog. In fact, I was aware that several living, vibrant

personalities were with me in that room. Laska sat up, cocked her

head from side to side, and wagged her tail at some of them—at

of them, in particular, standing by mynothing—apparently—one

desk at the north end of the room. And yet I was not in the slightest

*afraid. Why be afraid of our friends? * *

Discovers Hidden Powers TTN all of my life up to that time I had never seen a ghost, never had "more than an academic interest in psychic phenomena. I had

not invited any of these experiences that I knew of. They had

simply come to me.

What really had happened was, I had unlocked hidden powers within myself that I know every human being possesses, and had augmented my five physical senses with other senses just as bona fide.

legitimate and natural as touch, taste, smell, sight, and hearing. That

July, 1929 SEVEN MINUTES IN ETERNITY 717

I had help in unlocking those hidden powers I do not deny. Nevertheless, nothing had happened to me that has not happened to hundreds of other people, but only very rarely do they talk about it.

What those hidden powers are, and why I maintain that they are bona fide, legitimate, and natural I shall have to leave. But they

had suddenly shown me that life is not at all the ordinary, humdrum, threemeals-a-day thing that I had always accepted. Its

essence or its meaning is so vast and fine and high and beautiful that it overwhelmed me, and a recognition of it performed a sort of recreation in me that made me feel I was actually not the same fellow I had been just before.

My desire to explain what I mean by this is almost an ache within me at this moment. But, for some uncanny reason, words

are not the medium to convey it. Thought doesn't convey it. Feeling doesn't convey it. The "me"that is the BillPelley identity

can convey it only by being, and the fact that I am gets it to you.

Is that last a nonsensical statement? Well, I hope I'm not

cracked. All I can say is, that I know by experience that there is

a great, overpowering existence outside of what we call Life—that

I have been in it and felt having been in it has endowed me it—that

with certain capacities that have transformed my whole concept of the universe and, some of my friends are kind enough to add, have transformed as well as mentally and spiritually. me—physically

Ordered to Give up Cigarettes first dramatic physical reaction was a sudden change in theMYcomponents of my body. I discovered that miraculously I had

lost my "nerves."

Ever since childhood I had lived under such a tremendous nervous tension that it had kept me underweight, put lines in my face and an edge on my voice, shattered me psychologically so that opposition of any kind infuriated me and made me want to crash through it like an army tank flattening out a breastworks. Attacks

of nervous indigestion were so common that I no longer gave them thought.

Suddenly all this had departed.

I was peaceful inside.

And the change soon began to manifest itself in concrete form.

One day in my office I took a package of cigarettes from my desk.

About to apply a light to one of them, / heard a voice say as gently as any worried mother might caution a careless son, "Oh, Bill, give up your cigarettes!"And even before it had occurred to me that

no one was present in the flesh to address me thus audibly, I answered: "All right!"and tossed the package into the nearby

July. 1929718 IMPROVEMENT ERA

wastebasket. I went all that day without smoking. Next morning,

again, I reached for my tobacco tin across on my desk to load up my corncob. It was knocked from my hands with a slap that

tossed it upward in the air and deposited it bottom upward at my{ feet with the tobacco spilled out. No cautioning this time. But

I knew!

I haven't smoked tobacco in any form from that day to the after twenty years of smoking a dozen cigars a day,present—this

lighting one from the butt of the other. Moreover, I haven't had

the slightest ill effect nor did I go through the agonizing torture of "breaking off."I just didn't smoke any have the more—didn't

nervous even give tobacco a thought. urge—didn't

The same strange prohibition seemed to shut down on coffee, tea, alcohol, and meats. I endured not the slightest distress in giving

these items up. They simply ceased to exist for me. And, inversely,

a strange new sensation began to manifest itself in my muscles and organs.

I had the glorious feeling of physical detachment from the handicaps of bodily matter. No form of bodily exercise seemed

to take energy that I had consciously to supply. I had always been

slightly stoopshouldered. Without any unusual exercise, my spine

straightened of itself, so to speak.

Along with this physical phenomenon went the unexplainable faculty of withstanding fatigue. If I wearied myself by prolonged

physical labor, it was the healthy weariness of boyhood that overtook me, and a sound night's sleep wrought complete readjustment.

On the other hand, I found I could sit at my typewriter twelve hours at a stretch, if necessary, with hardly a muscle protesting. I

had suffered consistently from insomnia ever since a period in my twenties when I worked as police reporter on a morning newspaper.

Now I went to bed and to sleep.

With this physical alteration came a different feeling toward those around me. This perhaps was the most astounding aftermath

of the whole adventure. Certainly it appeared to have convinced

my friends that some extraordinary thing had occurred, since it dramatized my rejuvenation, so to speak, and gave them something to perceive with their senses.

Nervousness Ends

DISCOVERED, for instance, that I couldn't show any more ner-

I vous bellicosity to those with whom I came daily in contact. I

recall specifically that just before my strange experience I had made an unfortunate investment in a chain of western restaurants. I was

striving to withdraw with minimum loss. Local banks and bankers

July, 1929 SEVEN MINUTES IN ETERNITY 719 had refused to come to my assistance in order to lubricate the situation and help hold the proposition together till a purchaser more competent in the food business than myself should be procured. I

submit that I had every chance to be incensed at them for not assisting me, for my bank account had run into thousands upon thousands of dollars and the conventional banking advice and aid at the right moment would have made the whole commercial ordeal only a passing incident.

Six months before I would have been so fighting mad that my hatred of this sort of treatment and my loathing of "bloated capitalists who showed themselves only fairweather friends"would have made me physically ill. In fact, I formerly prided myself on being

a good hater. But somehow, worried though I was, I hadn't the

slightest ill will toward these banking people, and I went ahead and pulled my proposition out of the hole without their financial aid.

And, inversely, when the situation came to the surface and others heard of the fight I was making, I was overwhelmed by their manifestations of good will and their practical assistance. For the

first time in my experience people were going out of their way to perform services for me, to counsel me, to seek my society, to make me and my problems one with even to offer me themselves—yes,unsolicited loans. I think this amazed me more than the strangeness of my physical rebirth. At first I thought it might have something to do with a resentment those persons held toward the bankers

who had abandoned me just the moment a cloud showed on my horizon. I thought they might be acting in a sort of sympathy

and nursing their own barked knuckles. Then I became aware that

some of them hadn't heard of my predicament, and that startled me. What on earth had gotten into folks that they were so interested

in me and my activities?

I came through to New York some weeks later to mend literary fences and renew some sagging editorial acquaintances. I was not

at all prepared for the attention I got. It had never happened to

me before. I was utterly at a loss. I discovered that some sort

of invisible wall between me and the rest of the world had been razed.

It is embarrassing to dilate on this state of affairs and the altered social relations maintaining now with friends who were formerly only acquaintances.

the very first down underneath it And all—from yet—deep

I have had instinctive understanding. And that understanding

has been growing in clarity every day and hour since that epochal night in the bungalow.

I must concede that it increasingly comprises many factors

July. 1929720 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and revelations which I am constrained from reporting. Still, there

are conclusions and equations I may draw that have a universality of application.

What Caused the Change?

is this thing which happened to me, and why did itWHAT happen?

First, I believe my subconscious hunger after what the Bible terms "the things of the is, the sincere desire to peneSpirit"—that

trate behind the mediocrity of threemeals-a-day living and ascertain what mystery lies behind this Golgotha of Existence—attracted

to me spiritual forces of a very high and altruistic order, who aided

I believe such hungerme in making a hyperdimensional visitation.

will always attract such forces.

Second, it goes without saying that having made such a visitation and having had certain questions concretely answered by those

I confronted in that dimension, my subconscious (or for that matter conscious) knowledge of what the Fourth Dimension is, and means, and what can be done within its area, undertook to operate first upon my physical body and to bring about the rejuvenation which subsequently came to me. And yet I can no more explain the Fourth

Dimension with words than I can convey to a man blind from birth the redness of the color red. I know what it is myself, as I know

what redness is. I can see how it interpenetrates Matter, constituting

the "inside"of it, so to speak, and how projections from it must come out the reverse of what we know them on the physical plane.

But I can no more make it intelligible to the average reader than

Einstein can explain Relativity to a group of men in a smoking car, all of them unfamiliar with advanced mathematics.

Third, these experiences immediately revealed to me that there is a world of subliminal or spiritual existence, interpenetrating the ordinary world in which most of us exist as ordinary twolegged

Americans, full of aches and worries, and that this subliminal world is the real world of "stern reality"if you will; that it world—the

is waiting for the race to learn of it and "tap"its beneficent resources, without waiting for what we call physical death; that our "dead"

dear ones are existent in happy, conscious, and waiting it—alive,

for us to join them, either at death or any time we reach that stage of spirituality where we can make contact with them.

I have seen my own there and have visited with them!

Understand am not a Spiritualist, an Occuthoroughly—I

list, or a Psychic Researcher, in the ordinary meaning of those terms.

I am not trying to convert anyone to anything. I'm simply telling

you that something happened to me which was not consciously

July. 1929 SEVEN MINUTES IN ETERNITY 721

selfinvited; that my friends attest to an even greater alteration's

having taken place in my personality than I am capable of feeling from within.

Spirituality the Essence op Life is in every human heart a hunger and thirst for the thingsTHERE of the spirit, but in many of them this desire has been so embalmed with the poisons of worry, doubt, fleshly desire, struggle to attain the wherewithal for physical survival, that for all practical purposes it no longer exists.

But the day is coming in the evolution of the race when spirituality is going to be the whole essence of life, instead of the world's present materialism. Here and there have always been those who,

by their unusual visions, selfinvited or otherwise, might be called monitors for the rest of us what we all may attain us—showing

if we so order our lives and thinking as to be susceptible to such revelations.

I believe that the Great Nature—God—Universal Spirit—giveCause any name you taking this method of conferring will—is

unusual experiences upon these "monitors/'to give the whole race an inspiration by which it may quicken its spiritual pace. There

is nothing any more prohibitive, morally or ethically, to exploration of these new great Fields of Real Reality than to exploration of the fields of radio or atomic energy. In fact, the Great Cause intends

that we shall explore them.

At any rate, whether I am right or wrong, I know that for a limited time one night last year out in California my spiritual entity left my body and went concrete place where I could somewhere—a

talk, walk about, feel, and see; where answers were returned to

questions addressed to physically dead people, which have checked up; in the waking world and clarified for me the riddle of earthly

existence.

I know there is no Death because, in a manner of speaking. I

went through the process of dying, came back into my body and took up the burden of earthly living again. I know that the experience

has metamorphosed the cantankerous Vermont Yankee that was once Bill Pelley, and launched him into a wholly different universe that seems filled with naught but love, harmony, health, good humor, and prosperity.

What's the answer to that?

There is no answer, except that it must be accepted as inevitably as I am forced to accept the awareness of my own entity. I

know because I experienced.

Further deponent sayeth not!

Coach Romney and Some B. y. U. Athletes

Utah Athletes Coming Into Their Own

By Prof. Harrison R. Merrill

University, for the first time in the historyBRIGHAM YOUNG of the institution, won the Rocky Mountain Conference championship on May 25, in Salt Lake City, where all of the schools of the conference had met to try one another's strength on the track and field. Coach G. Ott Romney, Owen Rowe, captain

of the Cougar team, and all of the men participating deserve great credit for the achievement, for upon that day some of the most brilliant performers the conference has ever seen were competing.

And, as Coach Romney gracefully declared in the closing student program, much credit might also go to the coaches of former years.

When all the events were over, and the final tallies had been made, Brigham Young University, with 48 l/> points, was two and a half points in the lead of the University of Utah, her nearest competitor. Colorado University was third.

It is interesting to note also that Owen Rowe, highpoint man of the gathering, barely led his nearest opponent, Byron Grant, of the University of Utah, the difference being a half of one point.

The outcome of the meet was somewhat of a surprise to those who had studied the situation closely. The University of Colorado,

in the minds of many of the prognosticators, was given first place and the University of Utah second, for the reason probably that

Boulder had been unusually strong in the eastern division and the

University of Utah had won the Utah state meet, despite the fact that the Crimson team had lost by quite a large margin to Brigham

Young University in the dual meet.

The victory for the B. Y. U. was due largely to the brilliant

performances of the Cougar captain, Owen Rowe, whose miraculous legs won him the title of "Rocket"Rowe from some of his Colorado admirers and 1 8 good points for his team. It happened to be

his birthday, and he celebrated the date by winning high honors and by receiving the conference award of a silver loving cup, the second of the kind he had won by a similar performance. He took

first in the 100yard dash, the 220yard dash, and in the low hurdles, and third in the broad jump. Only a stiff north wind kept him

from a possible first in the broad jump, since the event was won well under marks he had set twice before this season.

Though Rowe's performance was the most brilliant of the day, there were others which meant much to the success of the team, several of which came as happy surprises. One of the most specJuly. 29 724 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tacular achievements of the entire day was that made by George

Corbett, of the Cougar team. Corbett came up from high school

noted as a discus thrower of great ability. An injury to his knee

and other matters kept him from top form through three years of his college life. This year, with a determination which has kept

him at his discus the whole winter through, he not only established a new state record in the discus throw, but in addition defeated the famous Dan Beatie of Colorado Aggies for conference honors.

Reeve and Bunnell also did splendid work in tl?e weights and

picked up a number of very necessary points. Reeve holds the state

record in the hammer throw, though he was able to take only fourth place in the conference meet, despite the fact that he set the handled weight out farther than it has ever been thrown before in this state.

In Coach Ott Romney's opinion, the twomile race was the crucial one. He had carefully "doped"the points and the meet

was going fairly well, according to his prediction, until the mile run came along. Utah revealed an unusually powerful set of runners

and succeeded in taking ten points in the event. Toney Bentley,

a Cougar from Mexico, had been slated to win in spite of the gallant

Squires. A cold contracted a few days before had thrown Bentley

out of condition and he had to be content with fourth place, both

Squires and Ivie of the U. of U. racing home ahead of him.

When the twomile run was announced Coach Romney was desperate. Again Utah, the keenest rival for first place, was unusually strong. Coach Romney sought out his stellar distance man,

finding him ill, actually nauseated as a result of his severe cold and his determined run in the mile race in spite of it.

"Bentley, how do you feel?"Coach Romney asked. "Can you

run this twomile race?

"Coach, it isn't a question of how I feel. What about the

points?"Bentley responded.

"Every point now looks like a million,"Romney replied.

"Then I'll go in and do my best to get some,"Bentley answered.

The twomile run was one of the greatest races ever seen on a

Utah track. As everybody expected, the U. of U. men led a killing

pace. Merkley and Nelson, of the "Y,"kept up for a number

of laps, then began to fall a bit behind. Bentley, running on his

nerve, with that great stride of his, passed his team mates. Grimly

he held on through all of those deadly eight laps to come home a winner of two points, the exact margin of victory. Nelson, also

running beyond himself, came in fifth to win a point which also meant much in so close a contest.

With the twomile safely over, the Cougars fought desperately for every point to win by an exceedingly narrow margin.

Wortfi inqton

Some Outstanding Utah Athletes

July. 1929726 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The University of Utah put up a gallant and a desperate battle for conference honors. Handicapped by the absence of Long, who

had been favored to win the 440 and many points if not a first place in the 220yard dashes, the Utes fought grimly, battling for every event with a determination that carried them within two points of a victory. Byron Grant, Ralph Goodwin, J. Squires, and Wilton

Ivie, all revealed great power.

Without the great Glen Worthington, their stellar performer, the Utah Aggies trailed along during most of the meet. Levi Myers,

the Panguitch middledistance man, garnered three points with a beautiful run in the quartermile, and Larsen, Aggie weight man, threw the hammer far enough to win points in most meets but not in a meet where Beatie of the Colorado Aggies, Walt Clark, of Denver

University, "Dutch"Clark, of Colorado College, and Reeve and

Corbett, of the B. Y. U., were all competing. Smith and Phillips

the Aggie javelin men, worked up to form. For four years these

men have been vieing with each other for honors. Each year for

four years one has taken first, the other second. This year, however,

a Colorado man slipped in between them for second place.

The absence of Worthington was one of the tragedies of the meet. For four years, Zeus, the beloved, had built up a following

of admirers who were all eagerly waiting to see him slaughter the highhurdle record in his closing year, when an injury kept him from the lists. Worthington felt badly, but no more badly than

many of his admirers. The high hurdles between Byron Grant and

Glen Worthington would have been a battle of giants, an event for those of the present generation to tell their grandchildren about;

and the lowhurdle race between Rowe and Worthington would have been no less worthy of ballad and story, for Rowe and Worthington have been friendly enemies for seven or eight years, through high school and college.

The University of Colorado had difficulty in the preliminaries.

Some of their men failed to perform up to par; therefore, the Denver

Post on Friday evening announced, under an eightcolumn head, that

Brigham Young University would likely take the championship and Owen Rowe would probably take highpoint honors. It was

predicted that Pinckney, of Colorado U., and that champion relay

team, would turn in some great work, and these men did not disappoint their admirers.

Neither did Dutch Clark, the Colorado College weight man;

nor Olander, Colorado Teachers'high jumper; and those two flying Colorado Aggies, who took the pole vault with ease from men

like Goodwin, Utah; Staples, Brigham Young; Belliston, Utah

Aggies; all of whom have vaulted well over 12 feet; Walt Clark.

Denver U, and many others also deserve praise.

July, 1919 UTAH ATHLETES COMING INTO THEIR OWN 727

Were one to select an allconference team, it would probably; 440yd. be about as follows: 100yd. dash, Owen Rowe, B. Y. U.

dash, Nathan Long, Utah; 880yd. run, Leslie Wright, Brigham

Young, who won the halfmile in as pretty a race as is ever seen on any track; mile, J. Squires, Utah, or Toney Bentley, Young; twomile run, Wilton Ivie, Utah; low hurdles, Owen Rowe, Young; high

hurdles, Glen Worthington, U. (A. C, or Byron Grant, Utah; high

jump, Grant or Olander, Colorado Teachers; pole vault, Huffman,

Colorado Aggies; broad jump, Owen Rowe, Young, or Grant,

Utah; shot put, Dan Beatie, Colorado Aggies; hammer throw, Walt

Clark, Denver U.; discus throw, George Corbett, Young University;

javelin, Cy. Phillips, Utah Aggies; mile relay team, University of

Colorado, although both Utah and Brigham Young, with their best men in the race, could dispute the last choice.

Besides winning the championship, Brigham Young University won more first places than any other team and also won points in more events than any other team.

State of My Nativity State of my nativity.

am I of you! Proud!—proud Of your sinking, golden gladness,

Of your sky's own flawless hue!

Of your wealth of surging waters,

O'er which widewinged seabirds roam,

Finding on your wavegirt islands

Haven for a nestinghome Of your might of regal mountains,

Towering high on every side, Holding wonders of the ages In their canyons deep and wide!

Proud of the intrepid mortals Who have bade you yield your best

Placed the rose upon your bosom,

Where once Cacti drained your breast!

Other climes may lure me thither,

For a time, may glamour cast O'er my beautycraving spirit.

But not long their charm may last;

Comes a day when heart throbs quiver

With keen pangs of longing pain.

Till my steps are homeward wended,

Where my love and pride remain!

State of my nativity, Shrined is your every grace.

And echoed are the words of him Who once said—"This is the place."

Proi-o, Utah Grace Ingles Frost.

Reaction Against Cigarette Advertising The Pacific Printer and Publisher, of San Francisco, in its issue of May, 1929, contains the following items:

Chehalis (Wash.) Lewis County Advocate has bannedTHEcigarette advertising from its columns. The Advocate is

owned and published by Chapin D. Foster, a former president

of the Washington Press Association. The Advocate is one of

the outstanding weekly newspapers of Washington. Mr. Foster's

editorial announcing the new policy follows:

After a good many weeks of rather intensive consideration, the publisher of the Advocate has reached the conclusion that it is time for this paper to adopt a rather unusual policy with regard to one kind of advertising which has been found from time to time in the columns of this newspaper as it has in the columns of every other newspaper in the country.

Speaking rather bluntly, the decision is to accept no more cigarette advertising so long as the present program is being carried on by the tobacco folks.

So far as we know, the Advocate is the first newspaper to adopt such a policy, but we predict it will not be the last.

Decision in the matter is not, we feel, due to any prudish or unreasonable ideas. We simply feel that there ought to be a limit to

the extent any manufacturer will go to secure expansion of his business, and the cigarette people have not indicated that they have any limit in mind.

The Advocate is a pretty personal proposition with its publisher. He wants to produce a paper that can be a welcome guest

in any home, that father, mother and the children can peruse its columns with a friendly feeling toward the editor and all the business men who aid in making its publication possible.

Cigarette folks experienced a great boom during the war. Boys

in the army were buried under cigarettes as well as mud, as a patriotic duty. The industry grew by leaps and bounds, and more leaps.

Since the war they have been trying to keep up the wartime peak and even more. Apparently the saturation point had been

reached with male smokers.

Some chap got the brilliant idea that women and girls might greatly stepup the production and the manufacturers chuckled.

Every known form of advertising has been brought into play and have brought results as all intensive advertising does.

Hardly a week passes but people remark about advertising in

July, 1929 REACTION AGAINST CIGARETTE ADVERTISING 729 the Advocate and tell how it has helped them in one way or another.

We have yet to have a mother or father tell us that they appreciate our aid in inducing their boy or girl to take up a questionable habit. We have heard a good many speak very emphatically against

the habit and wonder how they can combat the expenditure of millions to turn boys and girls into cigarette smokers.

No doubt a good many folks will smile at our stand. Certainly, it will not do much to check the game of manufacturers who

apparently would take their product to the cradle if not blocked.

What one country editor may do will not cause any manufacturer to lose much sleep.

The publisher of the Advocate may have too idealistic a notion about his profession but he does not want to be a party to the transaction as outlined by the cigarette manufacturers and therefore declines to accept their money, much as advertising dollars are appreciated.

We confidently hope and believe that this statement of policy will be accepted by our readers in the same spirit in which it has been adopted.

Cigarette Advertising Condemned

In a number of towns in California there has been a discussion of the quality of certain billboard advertising for cigarettes. Various clubs and civic

bodies are objecting strenuously to the exhibiting of such pictures as the one showing a young man in the act of "getting a light"from a young woman.

This happened in Selma, Hemet, Corcoran, and Crockett. In some or all of

these towns, the offensive boards were discontinued.

Baptism When we are discussing religion several of my friends find it soothing to their conscience to repeat the old phrase, "A just God would never be so exacting as to require that every one must be baptized in a certain way before he can enter into the celestial glory."It seems to me that there is an obvious

answer to that contention.

Did every spirit establish its individual means of entrance into this life, or, did we all greet mortality in the same manner? Did one spirit create for

itself a body from the dust? Did another raise a corpse to hide its nakedness?

Or, were we all born of earthly parents to inhabit earthly bodies in accordance with the law of procreation? Even the Christ was born of woman. We all

came into this life in identically the same way.

Is it surprising then, that there should be laws equally strict and unalterable, governing our entrance into that other life in the presence of the

Father? Is it reasonable that the Creator should be less exacting as to the entering

into his very presence than he was as to the entrance into this life?

* * * and inasmuch as ye were born into the world by water, and blood, and the spirit, which I have made, and so became of dust a living soul, even so ye must be born again into the kingdom of heaven, of water, and of the Spirit, and be cleansed by blood, even the blood of mine only begotten."

Moses 6:58.

Why should we hesitate to obey? Verle N. Fry.

Broken Reed Not A By Hugh J. Cannon

O you possess enough of the exuberance of youth D'to be thrilled by a closely contested race? To see

a group of young athletes coming into the final stretch, straining every nerve and muscle of highly trained bodies, is something to make one's blood tingle. That,

however, is not the only form of achievement which arouses admiration.

No doubt some of the athletes whose prowess has recently been commended in the

Era could rather easily outrun, outjump or outswim the young man whose picture adorns this article. Reed E.

Vetterli, nevertheless, has a Reed E. Vetterli record of which any man

might well be proud. He comes from a modest, hardworking family

and is one of eight children. For many years his father, John

Vetterli, was bishop of Emigration ward and is now a member of the high council of Liberty stake.

Reed was born in Salt Lake City, August 20, 1903, and is therefore not yet twentysix years old. He has the distinction of

having gone through the grades and high school without having once been absent or tardy. That in itself is so unusual as to deserve

special mention. He graduated at the age of fifteen years. While

in high school he became actively engaged in scouting and rose from a Tenderfoot to an Eagle Scout, the second in Utah to attain that rank, and was chosen as one of the two boys to represent Utah in the great international jamboree held in London, England, in the summer of 1920.

Naturally such a lad would not be satisfied to stop with a high school education. He secured employment in the Z. C. M. I.

overall factory at $40 a month, and in a year had saved enough to take him to Washington, where he entered the George Washington

My, 1929 NOT A BROKEN REED 731

University law school. It is a creditable fact that while attending

this institution he earned enough for his expenses, and at the same lime made so satisfactory a record that he became president of the graduating class. He took his degree at the age of twenty years,

and during his last year at school was president of the Utah Legal

Club.

Young Vetterli successfully passed the examination for admittance to practice law in Utah, but shortly thereafter returned to

Washington, where he entered the employ of the alien property custodian as an attorney. At the age of twentytwo, we find him

engaged as agent with the Bureau of Investigation of the Department of Justice, though the usual requirements are that a man to hold this position must be twentyfive years old besides being a graduate of an approved law school. His duty was to collect evidence in ali

cases in which the United States was or might have been a party.

He was assigned first to Omaha, Nebraska, and subsequently to Norfolk, Virginia. After being in the service but little more than a

year, he was put in charge of the Norfolk office and in this capacity directed a corps of men operating throughout Virginia and North

Carolina. Subsequently the office at Norfolk was abandoned and

a new one set up at Charlotte, North Carolina, with young Vetterli in charge. Little time elapsed until he was again promoted, this

time placed in charge of the St. Louis office, from which point he

directed the work of the department in practically all of Illinois and half of Missouri.

It is interesting to note that Reed was the youngest man to hold a position of this kind in the history of the government service.

In the fall of 1928, all of the thirty agents in charge of offices working along the same line as this young man were unexpectedly called to Washington and put through a severe written examination.

In this test Vetterli received a mark of 98.7, the highest given in the

examination, though he was the youngest man. This brought upon

him additional responsibilities.

That the government is willing to pay for ability is indicated by the following, which shows the amount at which this young man started and the increased compensation which has come to him:

Entrance salary June 12, 1926, $2,700 per year.

Increased October 1, 1926, to 2.800 per year.

Increased April 1, 1927. to 3,000 per year.

Increased October 1, 1927, to 3.300 per year.

Increased November 1, 1927, to 3,500 per year.

Increased February 1, 1928, to 3,800 per year.

Increased March 1, 1928, to 4,000 per year.

Increased July 1, 1928. to 4,600 per year.

July. 19291M IMPROVEMENT ERA

Increased December 1, 1928, to 4,800 per year.

Increased February 1, 1929, to 5,000 per year.

Incidentally, word has come that at least one more increase of salary has been given him, but that has not been verified.

Reed is a modest young chap and does not talk readily about his achievements. However, he does attribute his success to the early

training which he received in a "Mormon"home. To quote his

own words: "There I was taught the principles of righteousness

and to give thanks to the Giver of all good for health and strength and all the blessings of life. The experiences of the last few years

have taught me to value more dearly the precious principles of truth, honesty and virtue. Every day of my life my testimony of the

divinity of 'Mormonism'is becoming stronger, and I am proud and happy that I am a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."

Reed's father reports that he is a full tithepayer, a strict observer of the Word of Wisdom and is married to a good "Mormon"girl.

To quote young Vetterli again:

"What is accomplished by going to an Eastern school? Personally I went East because I was able to work my way through

there, while I did not see such an opportunity in Salt Lake. A

young man is broadened in one sense of the word by being away from home and in a different atmosphere. However, I can see no

other advantages of schooling in the East. If one is willing to work,

results will come as well in Salt Lake as in Washington."

Senator Smoot Speaks in U. S. Senate

Against Cigarette Advertising On June 10, in the Senate, Reed Smoot raised his voice in protest against the pernicious advertising of cigarettes on billboards, and offered a resolution to amend the pure drug and foods act. He argued that the department of agriculture should exercise the same control over false and deceptive statements made

through advertisements that it now. exerts in preventing the use of false and

deceptive statements made on containers or labels. Senator Smoot quoted the

president of the American Tobacco company as having stated there was no basis for any assertion that the company desired to create a child market for the cigarette, and concluded with the words:

"What is to be said for such a statement, when at this very moment the

American Tobacco company dares to flaunt on the billboards of the nation posters showing an adolescent girl smoking cigarettes?"

From the Land of Cherry Blossoms

By C. M. Berge

in Y principal reason coming to America E & was one of religion,"says Takeo Fijuwara, Japanese A student of Brigham Young mt

University. Takeo (tack-e-o),

JgTfl as he is favorably known ''about the campus, is the fifth * vm child in a family of twelve boys. In the United States he

is twentyone years of age, but ir when at home in Japan, he is twentytwo. The difference ESk

of one year is due to the Japanese way or custom of 3 counting age. When their

baby is born they say that it is one year old, instead of m waiting one full year after birth to give it its first birthday, as is the custom in America.

Fijuwara joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in Sapporo, Japan, in 1924, just before the mission, \ 'opened by President Heber J.

Grant (he was then an apostle), Elders Horace S. Ensign, Takeo Fijuwara in His Costume as Court

Reporter Louis E. Kelch and Alma O.

Taylor, was closed. Two

years later he became acquainted with Dr. Franklin S. Harris, president of Brigham Young University, who was then making a world

tour, studying world agricultural conditions and visiting the "Mormon"missions.

Encouragement from Dr. Harris, supplemented by a frank explanation of conditions here, stimulated and speeded up young

Fijuwara's coming to "learn more about the theology of the 'Mormons'."His thirst for knowledge was whetted prior to graduation

from a Japanese middle school (high school), and he worked as reporter of the Sapporo Provincial Prosecutor's office for ten months.

This office is given only to those Japanese students who attain an 734 IMPROVEMENT ERA July, 1919

exceptionally high scholastic standing while in middle school. Takeo

was later advanced to court reporter of the Kushiro Provincial

Court and as such he worked for one and onehalf years before leaving for America.

School momentum at B. Y. U. was in full swing when he

arrived. This only served to increase his scholastic difficulties; but

this was offset by his diligent application of effort. Fijuwara matriculated as a special

student, taking part high school and some college courses. Combined language

and financial limitations did not crowd success from his efforts, for during his first year he graduated from B. Y. high

school and made a fine record in his college work.

Takeo is a very happy little fellow and looks to each day with a new desire to do something for his friends. His

cheery expressions, "sank you,""can I help you?"and

"let me buy you a drink,"well explain what is in the Takeo Working His Way Through School depths of his heart. He has

entered into the real college life, yet leads in the realm of helpfulness.

Takeo's daily routine carries him through early hours and perilous angles as he puts the "shine on"the thirdstory windows of the university buildings. His ability and technique at climbing

from window to window, with bucket and window washer in his hands, would make most monkeys envious. The shine on the

windows is nothing short of that on the proud housewives'water glasses. Takeo says "its fun to work when you can pay your own

way through college."He is entirely selfsupporting.

In studying and taking notes on his lessons, Takeo makes wide use of the typewriter. He says that "the fingers think faster when

they punch the keys than when they have to move the pencil."Due

to the Japanese custom of letting the finger nails on the little fingers grow long (supposedly to indicate highclass standing), it is really interesting to see Fijuwara sit down to the typewriter and write out his lessons with three fingers on each hand. Especially is this true

when he is getting his French lesson and tries to put the markings over the letters with the typewriter. With his Japanese, Chinese.

English and French languages, Takeo is in the class of a linguist.

July, 192-9 FROM THE LAND OF CHERRY BLOSSOMS 735

Fijuwara's social aspirations are taken care of by his ability and desire to entertain. He takes an active part on the Public Service

Bureau's programs, which are sent out by the university student body. High schools respond enthusiastically to his combined talks

and musical renditions on his Shakuhachi ( this has the appearance of an eighteeninch bamboo fishing pole, with all the jointknots removed from the inside, and holes cut to resemble a flute). Although

he doesn't dance, he browses around the dances and watches the dancers. He admits that he really gets quite a "kick"out of seeing

others indulge in this pastime.

Takeo feels that the American people do not understand the

Japanese spirit, nature, or customs. Japanese social sentiment is

suggested in his remark, "A girl should never go out with a boy, or a boy should never bring a girl to her home; of course they should

not go to picture shows."Fijuwara understands that we think

they have very peculiar customs, but says that "the American customs are even more queer to the Japanese people."He gave as an

example the "Mormons"dancing in their houses of worship on a

Saturday night and the next morning going to the same place to worship their God. This freedom of activity in the house of worship cannot be understood by the Japanese people.

"One reason why the missionaries could not make themselves understood by the Japanese people,"he explains, "was because of their inability to see each other's point of view."The rapid advancement of the Japanese people, through their adoption of European and American civilization, has brought them to a state of

confusion. They haven't had time to study religion, but have

studied science with pronounced vigor.

"Another reason why 'Mormonism'was refused by the Ja panese people was due to the fact that the Americans refused it that is, Americans who belong to other churches. They have told my

people many unfavorable stories about the 'Mormons,'and this created much prejudice against 'Mormonism,'so that most of the people entirely refused their doctrines.

"I hope the Japanese mission of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints may be reopened at some time in the near future, and when it is, I hope to be able to explain better the Gospel of

Christ among my people. The Japanese people are very reasonable

and quick to learn if the Gospel can be explained to them. So I hope

also to establish, or to be instrumental in having established, a

Church school in Japan where it will be possible for my people to attend. This, I am sure, would help very much in spreading the

knowledge of the true religion."

With this opportunity for future service stimulating him

Takeo Fijuwara continues his many duties at Brigham Young

University.

Man in the World of Unseen Things

By Dr. Thomas L. Martin, Agronomist, B. Y. U.

ITaboundis acceptedin thebysoilmanyare organizedthat bacteria,for theirmolds,workinsects,somewhatetc., whichafter

the order that men and women are organized in human society.

It is also understood that there are good and bad organisms in the soil, the good ones working best when conditions are favorable for a healthy soil.

The soil condition in relation to its microscopic life is somewhat similar to human beings in relation to their microbial world. There

is quite a parallel.

There are in and about all human beings innumerable bacteria waiting for an opportunity to establish an abiding place in the region of the human flesh. They are commonly known as "opportunists."If the flesh is broken they pass into the tissue. If the body

is healthy, little cells "phagocytes"popularly known as little white soldiers, attack these invaders and a real war ensues. In the battle,

much tissue is destroyed and generally the soldiers win out. Dead

bacteria, phagocytes and tissue are thrust from the body in the form of pus. As evidence that these things are occurring, the patient

entertains a festering sore.

Sometimes typhoid bacteria are taken into the digestive tract, thence into the blood stream where they slowly multiply. The

individual contracts typhoid fever. The body throws into the blood

stream substances known as agglutinins. These agglutinins draw

the bacteria into little clumps which slowly weaken the organisms so that they cannot multiply. Soon they die and the individual

slowly recovers.

The diphtheria germ is all about us. It finds the region of the

throat a suitable place in which to live. As this organism works, a

great amount of poison is produced which destroys the throat tissues.

It swells and the individual suffocates. Eventually some of the

vital organs are affected. While this poisoning is going on, the body

throws off some antipoison, which counteracts the effects of the disease. The body, however, often is too slow, so man has come

to the rescue, and by a series of experiments has found out how to secure antitoxin in large amounts. Now when a person contracts

diphtheria, antitoxin is injected, which counteracts the poison. The

individual gets better and slowly recovers.

Another organism finds ready access to the lungs. If the body

is weak the bacteria develop in the lungs, little tubercles or nodules which slowly fill up the little alveoli or cells of the lungs. Slowly

July, 1929 MAN IN THE WORLD OF UNSEEN THINGS 7M

the lungs fail to work and the individual dies of tuberculosis. These

little tubercles, filled by bacteria, are sometimes walled in by protective tissue. There are very few individuals who have not sometime in

their lives battled with these tubercle bacilli, but the resistance of the individual has been so strong that he has imprisoned these organisms within the walls of tissue so that they have died without doing much harm.

The pneumonia germ, the tetanus bacillus, the small pox, spinal meningitis and infantile paralysis germs or filterable viruses and many others are waiting for weaknesses in men, but man as a class seems to have resisted the larger part of them and has held them in check.

Has the thought ever arisen, why man should have this natural immunity, this power to resist the invading parasites? Is it not

another illustration of the great plan of an Allwise Being? Does

it not fit in with the same series of questions which ask why plants grow? Why the atmosphere contains the right proportion of

oxygen and carbon dioxide? Why the seasons are as they are, etc.?

The great force responsible for all this is the same great force responsible for the ability which man possesses in resisting the attacks of the enemies of the unseen world.

The second part of this discussion should prove impressive.

There is a parallel between the unseen hosts which attack man and the unseen hosts in the soil which wait to attack that upon which man depends, the plant.

In the soil there are innumerable organisms, as many as one billion in each pound of soil. Many of these organisms are "opportunists"too. They, too, wait until the plant weakens, then start

their destructive attacks. When the soil is in a healthy state the

desirable bacteria work and render such great service that plants are produced abundantly. If soil conditions are not favorable, however,

then the plant parasites do their work. Soil is naturally such that

plants develop great resistance. Poor treatment of the soil wears

down the ability of the soil to furnish the resistance the plant needs

Give the soil improper care and any number of conditions may prevail which will allow the plant to lower its resistance and thus become a prey to the undesirable germs.

Scab, rhizoctonia, mosaic and fusarium wilt of potatoes, scab, root rot, and nematode infection of sugar beets, smuts and rusts of grain, wilts and rots of alfalfa, stem rot of cabbage and tomatoes and many other diseases common to all crops are caused by disease germs which lurk in the soil. They are just as prevalent and wait

as patiently for an opportunity as do the bacteria which prey upon 1929 738 IMPROVEMENT ERA Mf.

the human body. All they want is something to weaken the

resistance of the plant.

All plants must have carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, phosphorus, potash, sulphur, calcium, iron and magnesium. If nitrogen is short

in the soil, large roots and poor top development will occur. Many

plants will produce dry, yellowish brown, unfruitful, dwarfed bodies. If the nitrogen and the potash in the wheat are out of

balance, yellow berry, a common disease of wheat, will result, which means a poor grade of flour in the manufactured product. Fleshy

roots and tubers such as sugar beets and potatoes very often suffer from potash hunger and when they do, the plants develop yellow and bronzed leaves, discolored stems, and wilted leaves and stems, such that the whole plant is thrown out of a healthy condition and a weakened state ensues, followed by the invasion of the waiting parasites and all the accompanying diseases. Often it is interpreted

that the disease germs were so prevalent that the plant could not resist. Really one should realize that it is largely due to the weakened resistance of the plant which prepared it for the attack by the

waiting organisms, just as it is with human beings.

If there is too much water in the soil, the temperature and air relations become bad for the plants, and they are weakened to the extent that they succumb to disease. Apple scald, black heart and

tip burn of potatoes, lodging of grain, bitter pit of apples, blossom end rot in tomatoes, water core in apples, are all due to improper air, water and temperature relations. Most all of these physiological

diseases lower the resistance of the plant, and when a plant acquires them they are so weak that any number of disease organisms do attack them, and soon new diseases complicate the whole plant situation. The thought one must get from this is that these parasitic

disease troubles seldom occur until the weakened resistance has created a gateway by which the germs may enter.

This parallelism between plant, soil and man is very evident.

When man keeps up his resistance, the waiting army keeps on waiting. When man keeps up the resistance of the soil the disease army

keeps on waiting. Man is powerful in both cases. Proper care in his

eating, sleeping and other health habits keeps up his resistance. Man

by proper rotation, fertility, plowing and cultivating practices keeps up the resistance of the soil, too. This takes care of the proper feed

habits of plants, together with proper soil sanitation. It is in the

power of man to take care of himself and to provide proper environment for plants so that they can resist the ravages of disease.

at this point is worth while. One is A little contemplation

often asked to go into the clear night and gaze upon the stars and note their grandeur, or watch the wonderful panorama of nature

July, i92o MAN jN THE WORLD OF UNSEEN THINGS 739

when one stands upon Bright Angel Point and studies the Grand

Canyon of the Colorado. Man's experience will place him in a

reverential attitude, such that he will be led to declare, as one great scientist did when he said, "O God, I think thy thoughts after thee."

A little contemplation on this problem "Man in the world of unseen things,"too, can cause him to ask: When cometh all this? Why

can man resist these innumerable hosts which are waiting for an opportunity to attack him? Why, when such diseases do occur thai

man can develop phagocytes, agglutinins and antitoxins to over power these invaders? Why can man assist the helpless plants to

resist, too, the disease germs of the soil. If he should not be able to

do so, no plant could live upon the earth and hence man could not exist. He is absolutely dependent upon the plant for life and the

plant is in turn dependent upon him to keep up its resistance. Why

is this? What can have caused so ideal a situation to prevail?

In the great scheme of things, could man have planned it so ideally?

The thought stirs up the religious emotions so that when he observes these wonders of nature and feels the great divine force responsible for it all, he is led to declare with the psalmist of old, "What is man that thou are mindful of him?"

Understanding

When life began to polish off my corners,

And grind them down, I thought it very hard.

I did not understand the severe methods,

Nor did I glimpse the final sweet reward.

But as each roughened spot is cut and rounded.

I come to see more clearly, and to know,

The methods of the Jeweler's great labors,

Who polishes a stone that it may show.

Its facets gleaming pure; reflecting brightly

The work that He had done, and showing Him

To be the perfect workman, and that He has

Ground and polished such a perfect gem.

And though the process may be far from pleasant.

If every corner broken makes more bright

My soul, then I'll reflect in patient waiting

The radiant beams of Heaven; it is right.

Hazelton. Idaho MRS. FRED G. KlLGORE

County Agent in a New Role By Prof. Harrison R. Merrill

TT 1 SUALLY when we think of county agents we think of youthful men with starched collars, fresh from college, who go J - out to show farmers how to farm. We think of them as talking of harvesting time, haying time; of farm accounts, crop pests

and other things in a very ethereal manner with much emphasis on theory and little on practice. I say, we sometimes think of

them that way. I would not for the world hint that the county

agent is that way.

I know that county agents are not like that, for the simple reason that I met one who was no longer a county agent; he was a

farmer chasing some of his own dreams which had taken shape while he was yet a county agent. Best of all, he was catching up

with those dreams, too.

It was a sunny day in Cache valley on which I came across

Joe Welch at home. Joe had been our county agent; therefore, I

was very curious to see just how he would look on a farm of his own, meeting problems of the farm, face to face. Of course, I'll

admit that he had an advantage over most farmers for his land lies in Paradise; but Joe looked very much at home in his rubber

boots and "Levi's"that morning.

After showing us his grain, which touched the chins of ordinary men; and his hay, which was as thick as "the hair on a dog's

back,"he took us to the house and gave us a swig of water drawn from a tap which furnished pure spring water several miles from the spring. Joe looked happy and so did the rest of his flock.

"Now let me show you the glory of my Paradise,"he chuckled, as he handed the glass to his wife. "I'll show you the part of the

farm that pleases me most."

With his son at his side, for Joe, strange to say, has some ideas about rearing sons as well as about raising hogs, we went down across his rich bench land towards Paradise creek. One glance at

that creek and I was almost as eager to share Paradise with Joe as the thief was to share the glory with One vastly more important than we are.

Hills adorned with wheatgrass rolled up from the creek on the far side until they swelled in long green billows against that Cache valley sky, as serene as the face of an angel. Willows, thick and

bushy, lined the little stream, permitting it to laugh at us only at intervals. We could hear its throaty chuckle as we approached.

July, 1929 COUNTY AGENT IN A NEW ROLE 741

Hop vines, I believe, thickets of briars and wild currants and berries made the place like a page from the book of eternal youth.

We slid down a steep dugway along the upper edge of which tiny springs oozed into the white dust of the trail made by Joe's prize cows and sleek horses. Joe said little. He was enamored of

his "glory"and enjoyed it silently.

Swimming pools? Scores of them. Laughing water? Scads of

it. Flashing pebbles? Millions of 'em!

Two fat horses followed us as we walked along the creek bank and seemed determined to be ridden. At last the boy could stand

it no longer.

"Dad, I think I'll ride,"he grinned as he caught the mane of

one and slipped the bridle he had been carrying on to the willing head. With an agile hop and a bit of sleightof-hand with the

mane he was up.

"Let's show 'em how deep one of our best holes is,"Joe said, as he caught the other horse. "You know when you are farming

rather than telling others how to do it, you have time for a little of this,"Joe spoke half apologetically, as he swung upon the other horse. "We have a lot of fun along this creek."

The two of them drove their horses into the clear waters of the

Paradise and waded them around, the boy laughing with delight as the cool liquid forced him at times to hold up his legs. Joe, with

a look on his face I never used to see in our county, led out. selecting

'ii laLjv.V,''&MJ?rSILaat: * V

5.X iii&'iiaR:*.

*";*'; SkiSBm'y pi&fHV, 1 IL*L<1

.'>.'- 95&&::h%j 'W'SBk

'i"lQE39Br lv V i>'i;3H mm

r*; - < m *\X Hu9E|[r; jk -* f

t?yw& ymM.- S|P 'r rfc-i.* r 'V 1 iSK. fc<-J'3**ttC?- ff51lfiB V-=t-

—:'-- -\ nsl

''... t:.-., Li.'';.'''i C-*5=5lliB2; it*-ttPBSEw*""

Joe and His Boy 742 IMPROVEMENT ERA Mv. '

the deepest water in order to increase the that of adventure—his,

watching the fledgling learning how to manage himself and horse;

the boy's, that of threading unknown deeps sustained and encouraged by one who knew his danger and cared.

That was Paradise Creek that day and ever will be so long as those two or any two maintain the same trust in each other.

wasn't so very big We followed over the little farm—it

listening to the dreams that were taking form and enjoying with

Joe his family and his ambitions.

He was a county agent in a new of the practical role—that

farmer. I could see the theoretical college boy shining through his

hopes and dreams, but I could also see, as I thought at least, a man's grit that would hang on to those dreams. Oh, no, Joe isn't any

youth in years, but he was youthful that morning; as young as

the birds, and as trusting.

Our trails haven't crossed since that morning, but I am hoping that Joe's dreams are still expanding. Whether they are or not,

he gave me a great thrill that day, for I caught a glimpse of what a man might do for his son on a farm if it is the right sort of farm and if he is the right sort of man.

Do you know, I have since wished that more of our farmers could have the training of a county agent behind them and a farmer's grit as an added asset. I don't know how Joe will come

out with his hogs or his cows or his may make a failure grain—he

with somehow I have confidence in his success with his them—but

boy, and boys count.

A Woodland Madrigal Hark! How the song birds in the grove

Embowered in roses, sing their tender love!

'Tis here kind Nature in her rosy bowers

Bids Love awaken us amid the flowers,

Inspiring us in tones of merry glee

To sing our song of Love's sweet harmony!

List! How the finch and mockingbird attune

Their melody to this clear morn in June!

Sing, merry birds, express whatever seems

To you the dearest thought of summer dreams!

Could Man as happily his voice intone

Each voice impassioned for his love alone

Like pealing organs he would voice employ

To fill the firmament with tones of joy!

Mayiuood, Calif. JOSEPH LONGKING TOWNSEKD

Our Liberties in Danger By Prof. N. L. Nelson

ITa isdeepnaturalreverenceand forinevitablelaw; forthatonlyLatterdayas law becameSaints supremeshould haveover

the passions and caprices of men, could the Church of Jesus

Christ be reestablished on the earth. That it did not remain among

men, as set up in the days of the Savior, was owing to the absence oflaw, and reverence for it, in the medieval world.

Law in our own age found its noblest expression in the Constitution of the United States. This instrument for the protection

of the rights of man was no hastily achieved victory in the cause of truth and righteouness. God had been preparing for it for thousands of years. Some of the steps in achieving this victory can

easily be traced in history. One of the notable events was the

revolution of the Ten Tribes against the tyranny of King Solomon's successor. What these Tribes demanded was the guarantee of their

personal rights and liberties. But Rehoboam, intoxicated with his

own power, replied: "My little finger shall be thicker than my

father's loins; for whereas my father did lade you with a heavy

yoke, I will add to your yoke; my father hath chastized you with

whips, but I will chastize you with scorpions."

Could tyranny find words more scornful and overbearing than these in which to challenge liberty or law as something above and beyond the whims of the king?

To this churlish reply the Ten Tribes sent forth defiance. "To

your tents, O Israel!"In other words, "Prepare for war! We will

no longer be subject to the tyranny of any king."

For twohundred and fifty years thereafter under their own rulers, the Lord further developed the sense of law and individual liberty, until the time came when they were to be scattered through the northern countries. Who can doubt that this intermingling

of the blood of Israel with the primitive peoples of Europe, carrying with it the love of liberty so long inbred among the chosen people, led in due time to the spirit of independence and reverence for constitutional law now so widespread throughout the world?

Its first notable expression was in the winning of Magna Charta from the tyrant, King John of EnglandBut a clearer statement of the rights of man was found in the Declaration of Independence;

and when these same principles of human right and liberty were embodied in the Constitution, we have the highest expression yet formed of the meaning of law and order among men; and of all

1929744 IMPROVEMENT ERA My.

these rights perhaps the greatest safeguard was that which guarantees religious liberty.

The time was now ripe for the bringing in of a new dispensation of the Gospel. Theoretically there should have been perfect

protection for the true religion of God as revealed to the prophet

Joseph Smith. Practically, however, men had not learned to respect

the law and order so achieved by our Father through the long reaches of history. The mobocratic spirit, which in effect is the

absence and defiance of law, was still alive in the hearts of men;

and so we had the early persecutions of the Church that finally led to the martyrdom of the Prophet and the driving of the Saints into the Rocky Mountains.

But after all, the principles of freedom and justice, as set forth in the Constitution, remain constant and effective after the fury of the mob spirit has spent itself. And gradually that influence

is having its way more and more throughout America. There are

still risings of mob violence here and there, culminating in lynchings and the destruction of property; but these exhibitions of human

want of control are no longer defended, even by the actors themselves. Indeed, a sense of shame and humiliation is often felt

throughout a community, where formerly there was exultation, cruel and openly expressed. And so the sense of law and order is

gradually leaving its impression on the national character.

And from America, where God has made such signal progress in respect for law, the principles of the Constitution have been carried to all parts of the world, especially since the World War.

Where now can be found the tyrannical power of Kings? Crowns

and coronets no longer stand for special privilege. If they still

exist in name they are fast coming to be merely ornaments of the social circle. The meanest beggar in the street may now defy the

most formidable tyrant (of recent puissance) so far as any power is left in him to hurt or make afraid.

What does all this mean? Simply that God is developing among

human beings a higher sense of loyalty than that hitherto given persons. In other words, the harmony of the universe is being put

into the constitutions of human commonwealth; and when this

movement shall have been completed then will the Millennium have been established on the earth.

But now, right in the midst of this fine progress, comes a halt in our hopes and aspirations. In where personal America—America,

liberty and law had their is manifest a dangerous counbirth—there

movement for the disregard of astermovement—a law—known

antiprohibition. It was to be expected that Satan, who from its

earliest inception in preexistence has opposed the widening of huJuly, 1929 OUR LIBERTIES IN DANGER 745 man liberty, should find his last stronghold in whisky and the men whose moral sense is submerged and destroyed by habitual intoxication.

When you add to the breach of law represented by the gratification of low appetites, the further evil of illicit moneymaking at the expense of moral law, we have negative forces that must not be poohpoohed or despised. Indeed, in this breaking of law, which

ought to hide its head in shame, there have been enlisted courage, shrewdness, and danger up to the hazard of life itself, to help lift the devilish business into respectability; and so it happens that

many a man and woman, who would scorn to be called lawbreakers, are secret aiders in bootlegging and the evils, widespread such as racketeering, gangster war, and sex immorality, that follow in its wake.

Good men among all social and religious organizations do not fail to see this hidden evil of anarchy, in spite of the false colors under which it is masquerading; and they are not slow to raise their

voices against it. Unfortunately the age is one in which little heed

is paid to men of wisdom and staid judgment. The younger generation has assumed for itself the interpretation pf what life should

mean; and these fine spirits, who may be relied upon to find themselves ultimately, are just now uncertain as to whether prohibition

should be supported or disregarded. In this state of hesitancy, they

fail to sense clearly the deeper evil below it nullification all—the

of the fundamental law of the nation.

If this disregard for law were confined merely to bootlegging, then the violence to human liberty would not be so serious; for we

are all coming to see that the curbing of human appetites can be accomplished, not by legal means, but only by individual force of made strong by moral training. But the evilcharacter—character

soon spreads to other aspects of law and order, just as when a disease makes its inroad upon the human system, breaking down first this organ and then that, until death is the result. The nullification of

law in one direction soon weakens the respect for law in all directions; and presently what humanity gained in the Declaration of

Independence will be lost again in the widespread deterioration of moral fibre in the national character.

is a belief among Latterday Saints that the Now just as it

Constitution was inspired of God, so it follows that this conservation of law and liberty must be upheld among us as the voice of God himself. And prophecies have not been wanting that whenever

its sacred principles are being violated, the Latterday Saints will come to the rescue, so now the time is plainly at hand; and the

combined voices of Zion find expression in last year's slogan of the 19Z9 746 IMPROVEMENT ERA My.

Mutual Improvement Association: "We stand for Law, for the

people who live it, and the officers who enforce it,"as also in the new slogan for this year, "We stand for the Preservation of Our Heritage through Obedience to Law."

In the former slogan there are three distinct propositions; first,

we stand for law, whether revealed in scripture, or expressed in nature, or recorded in the highest wisdom of human enactment; for in

law only is there uniformity, and therefore justice and liberty. Second, we stand shoulder to shoulder with all men and women

throughout the nation who are restraining natural individual tendencies so as to achieve respect for law; here comes our real finally—and

chance to stand for the officers who enforce the law. Withhelp—we

out us they are powerless, and soon give up all active efFort to put down evil. They need our eyes to help see the evil, our moral support

to make the evil hideous, and our active cooperation in bringing lawbreakers before the courts of justice. If we subscribe to this slogan, a

sense of decency and honesty should make it supreme in our personal conduct, and also in the help we are willing to give in the suppression of the dastardly nullification of our greatest safeguard of life and liberty.

In conclusion let me ask, in the language of the hymn: Who's

on the Lord's Now is the time to show; We ask it fearside—who?

lessly, Who's on the Lord's side—Who?

Lowland forest arches overhead, and checkers the ground with darkness;

but the pine, growing in scattered groups, leaves the glades between emeraldbright. Its gloom is all its own; narrowing into the sky, it lets the sunshine

strike down to the dew. * * * The third character which I want you

to notice in the pine is its exquisite fineness. Other trees rise against the sky

in dots and knots, but this in fringes. You never see the edges of it, so subtle

ore they; and for this alone of trees, so far as I know, is capable of reason—it

the fiery change which we saw before had been noticed by Shakespeare. When

the sun rises behind a ridge crested with pine, provided the ridge be at a distance of about two miles, and seen clear, all the trees, for about three or four degrees on each side of the sun, become trees of light, seen in clear flame against the darker sky, and dazzling as the sun itself. I thought at first this was owing

to the actual lustre of the leaves; but I believe now it is caused by the clouddew upon minutest leaf carrying its diamond. It seems as if them,—every

these trees, living always among the clouds, had caught part of their glory from them; and, themselves the darkest of vegetation, could yet add splendor to

the sun itself. Ruskin: Modern Painters.

Observation of Nature Recommended

By Andrew Jenson, Assistant Church Historian who take outings with fathers and sons should enTHOSE deavor to make directed observation of their natural surroundings part of the program. Last summer at the outing

of the Salt Lake stake, we had the opportunity of making a slight experiment in the value of this variation of the program.

While hundreds were engaged in games on the open space in front of the wigwam, Dr. J. H. Paul, invited by them to relate Indian

lore at the campfire, suggested that we saunter along the nature trail.

It was just sunset, but the light was still fair. In thirty minutes

we had proceeded less than two blocks, yet in that time we saw and learned enough to pay us for the entire journey into the canyon.

We were first shown how birch and cottonwood trees along the stream have the power, by the manner of their growth, to delay floods and to render them harmless by intercepting the load of rocks and gravel carried by flood waters. The remark was made that

birch trees should never be peeled or cut for any use, because of its slow growth and its great value in flood prevention. Of the cotton

woods it was said that they can readily be grown from slips if planted along canyon streams, and in twenty years would form an almost impossible barrier to floods from nearby hills.

Herbs useful for medicine were pointed plant for out—gumarnica, sour dock for blood purifier. The chokecherry, elderberry,

service berry, sugar maple, and bee of plant—providers food—wereinspected or sampled; plants that follow overgrazing were shown,

and differences between the firs and spruces demonstrated by inspection of the white fir. Sandstone, limestone, and quartzite were

exhibited, and plants that make soil from rocks were referred to when rocks covered with lichens, moss, and other plants were observed.

In the maple groves the "pleasure in the pathless woods"spoken of by Byron, the quiet exhilaration of the walk into the silences away from the noisy crowds, the uplift from new knowledge, the opening of our eyes to wonders in the canyons unspoiled by the exploitations of mankind all this in addition to much useful information gained.

This kind of knowledge we found the best suited of all to the real purposes of an outing into the canyons. Fatherand-son groups

should engage the services of someone who can take them along

July. 1919748 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the nature trail and explain the meaning and uses of the things en countered there.

It was enjoyable to pitch horseshoes, play ball, and engage in races, games, and tugs of war; to surround the large campfire and

listen to the harmonica contests and the Indian stories of early Utah life that were given to the assembly by Dr. Paul; but beyond and

above all these rises the joy of discovery of new truth whenever we go afield and learn the secrets of the woods, the usefulness of insect life, the doings of birds, and the ways of the animals.

Floods In view of the tremendous damage which is done at different times by the "Father of Waters,"it is interesting to read of some other mighty sweeps ofwater, as handed down to us by historians of past ages:—

An inundation of the sea in Lincolnshire, England, in 245, laid under water many thousands of acres.

More than 400 families were drowned at Glasgow, Scotland, in 758.

With a terrific sweep in 1634, the sea reached Bremen, Oldenberg, and other German towns, destroying upwards of 20,000 human beings.

Freshet in the river Liffey at Dublin. Ireland, Nov. 12, 1787, caused

immeasurable damage.

From October 3 1 to November 4, 1 840, in France, the Saone poured its waters into the Rhone, broke its banks, covered 60,000 acres, and immersed a number of cities and villages. Six hundred and eighteen houses were carried

away and many lives sacrificed. It was the first time in over a century that the

Saone had risen so high.

May 12, 1849, there was an inundation of the Mississippi at New Orleans, flooding 160 square miles and 1600 houses. George D. Kirby.

Our God, to Thee We Sing Our God, to Thee we sing, Lord, send Thy snowwhite dove,

We honor Thee as king, Emblem of all above,

Greatest of all. Pure love and peace,

May Thy will now be done, Turning all hearts to Thee.

Soon may Thy kingdom come, Nations and men agree,

Established by Thy Son, Peace reign o'er land and sea,

Never to fall. Never to cease.

Christ reign as King of kings,

His voice o'er earth then rings

Like radio, Setting His people free, Converted they shall be.

When all His wounds they see, Their King they'll know.

Sandy, Utah David Archibald Oscar A. Kirkham Honored

own Oscar A. Kirkham has been selected by the AmericanOURJamboree Committee, Boy Scouts of America, to go in an

official capacity to the great gathering to be held in England this summer. This information was conveyed in a telegram from

Mr. Barclay, who is the chief of staff of the American delegation.

Almost every community in the country has had a candidate for the place which finally has been given to the Utah man, and it is a distinct honor to him and also to the Church, for Oscar is well known to all officials of scouting as a "Mormon."He has proclaimed that fact to high and low wherever he has gone, among

others to the Archbishop of Canterbury, to whom he was introduced while in England attending the Jamboree in 1920.

During that visit he was the guest of the English, French and

Belgian governments. Three hundred and one boys had gone from

America to the gathering, and there were about 5,000 from 37 different nations.

Oscar (everybody in the country calls him by that familiar name) was introduced to Dr. De Marquette, while over there before,

and his friends have been pulling out of him, piecemeal, a personal story connected with that interview which is very interesting. It

will be pieced together, in spite of Brother Kirkham's protests, for a future number of the Era.

Fifteen hundred young Americans will make the pilgrimage to

England this summer and will take part as official representatives of the Boy Scouts of America, in the greatest peacetime encampment of boys that the world has ever known. The Jamboree is being held

at Birkenhead, across the Mersey River from Liverpool, England, from July 31 to August 13. Fifty thousand Boy Scouts, representing 42 different nations, will pitch their tents and for two weeks

will work and play together. The World Jamboree is being held

to celebrate the 2 1st birthday of the founding of the Boy Scout movement and also to pay tribute to Sir Robert BadenPowell, Chief

Scout of the World. More than 400 acres of ground will be under

canvas on July 31.

In patrol units of eight, under adult leaders, the American

Scouts will embark from several different seaports and, landing at

Liverpool, Harwich, Grimsby, Hull, Goole and Newcastle, will journey to the Jamboree Camp. Many of the American Scouts will

embark on special trains from the various English seaports and be carried to Birkenhead and Upton. From there they will be transJuly. 1929750 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ported by motor to Arrowc Park where the worldgathering is to be held.

Many notables from continental Europe will be present. In

previous Jamborees, held at fouryear intervals, the kings of England, Sweden and Denmark have attended. This year, the Prince

of Wales, who is Chief Scout of Wales, will camp with the Scouts.

Ten Scouts will represent Utah at this gathering. They are:

Wendell Gibbs, Ray L. Richards, Eric Ohlson and Theron Plumb, of

Salt Lake City; Harold Chesler, Bingham; Austin E. Fife, Logan;

Mark J. Brockbank, Spanish Fork; Martin C. Ririe, Lewiston;

Homer P. Andersen, Hyrum; and Matthew D. Browning, Ogden.

Conrad A. Johnson, Logan, Scoutmaster of the Cache Valley

Council, has been named Scoutmaster of the ten.

The group will leave Salt Lake about July 12, after a week's training in the Ogden Gateway Scout Camp, for New York. Chicago,

Philadelphia and Washington will be visited en route. They embark aboard the S. S. Cedric July 20 and arrive in Liverpool July 29,

proceeding directly to Birkenhead for the twoweeks'jamboree.

Word comes also that a number of "Mormon"Scouts from continental missions as well as from the missions of the United

States will be in attendance. It is interesting to note that the boy

who is to represent Austria at the Jamboree is a "Mormon."

As the Day Begins on a Coral Atoll

All is quiet in the hour before the dawn. Everyone enjoys a last minute's

sleep before the day arrives. A dog barks in the distance; a man murmurs as he

awakes. The stillness is further broken by the sound of a church bell calling

the people to prayer; it is joined by the tinkle of a bottle beaten with a nail,

which serves as a bell for another group of worshippers. Here and there low

voices are heard as the people gather to supplicate God for his watchcare and protection throughout the day. A woman leads in a queer native chant; others

join in pleasing silence during the prayer. harmony—then

The darkness is fleeing; the east begins to lighten. The clouds, as if to

combat the approaching Monarch of the Day, and apparently intending to obstruct his invading rays of light, rush together at the brightest spot. At

first they appear to be grows slightly darker as they bank up successful—it

but not for long. Suddenly a beam shoots from behind a softgray cloud,

changing its thin border of bright red to gold. As if fearful of being subdued,

some of the clouds on the outskirts suddenly break away and scurry across the sky. The King, confident that victory is near, presses on, ever widening

the clouds'lacy border of more deserters leave the fighting ranks. gold—and

He cannot be stopped now! With a last mighty effort, by which the golden

band of obstructing clouds is broken and dispersed, "Old Sol"pushes his smiling face into the world to greet us with a Ellis V. pleasant—IA ORA NA!

Christensen, Richfield, Utah.

Forward Hollywood

By Adele Cannon Howells

The Hollywood Stake Tabernacle of the World,"floods the room with a is completed. soft radiance and catches up the light

A warm, from the gray tower twelve other with filigree symbolic art sides mountwindows on ed by an the north.

exquisitely The ceiling molded dome decorated rises high with colors above the harmonizing luxurious with those of trees and the windows shrubs of sursurmou n t s rounding old the delicate aristocratic puttycolored homes. Bewalls which

1 o w the blend beautitower, enclosfully with ing a lovely the brown patio, lies the mah o g a n y Tabernacle in pews and soft the shape cerise carpets of an "L,"which cover graceful President Geo. W. McCune the floors.

arches formHollywood Stake Splendid ing spacious chandeliers arcades which lead to the main ensuspended from the high arches light trance of the building. The filigree of the chapel at night and add much to

the tower is repeated in various other its beauty.

parts of the building and echoed in the

The baptistry, situated under thefine oak doors set with numerous panes chapel, is pleasingly decorated withof cathedral glass in a similar design.

red velour draperies and red and greenThese doors form the lower part of carpet to tone in with the green tile the walls of both the chapel and the recreation hall and at night when the baptismal font. Dark green jars are

building is lighted produce a charming filled with flowers for the baptismal services. In the hall adjoining the effect.

chapel are situated the stake office,

The interior of the building is bright and sunny, and decorated with equally beautiful. The chapel faces soft blue, old rose, tan and mustard

east. A stained glass window on this yellow; the kindergarten room in beige

wall, representing Jesus as "The Light and green, the Gleaner's room in green

July, 1 9 29 FORWARD HOLLYWOOD 75

and contrasting Spanish colors and the from the Gleaner Girls of the stake.

Relief Society room. Upstairs are the At the opposite end of the room is a

private office of the stake president, wellequipped kitchen, supplied with pleasing in decorations of mulberry attractive ivory and gold china and gold and black, several class rooms substantial silverware, a special gift and a large reception room for use from Hollywood Stake Relief Society.

during social functions. The reception Under the stage is situated the comroom is beautifully furnished in the modious Boy Scout room which has

Italian manner featuring a handsomely been brightly decorated by the Scouts carved gilt mirror imported from themselves.

France for a splendid old Los Angeles The size of Hollywood Tabernacle home now disorganized, an intriguing is suggested by its capacity. The seatcommode, large Italian wall chairs, ining capacity of the chapel is 860.

viting davenwhich may ports, conbe augmented soles with to 1000. The

matching baptistry can mirrors, fine seat fifty peotables and ple comfortelegantly upably. The

h o 1 s t e r ed rcc r e a t i o n benches. The hall can seat

coloring of 1.250 with

the room is case or allow charming, a 500 couples soft apple to dance at green carpet onetime. The

providing a various class lovely setting rooms will for the henna seatfrom brocade drathirty-five to peries and the seventyfi v e gold, green, people. The

amethyst and building is blue upholClass A, built stered pieces. of cast con-

F, HARDING cretc at anThe room is Dr. Geo.

First Counselor in Preside ncy of Hollywood Stakelighted with approxi mate crystal chandeliers, crystal girancost of $200,000.00. It is to be used

doles for the consoles and gold by Hollywood stake and Wilshire torcheres. ward, which is an especially good arBelow the reception room, and rangement since the average stake restretching the whole length of that quires a large, commodious building

arm of the building, is the recreation but uses it so seldom that the investhall, a fine room decorated with softly ment and upkeep are prohibitive. Untinted walls and an attractive ceiling of der this plan, however, with a large

Aztec design, whose bright tones of ward like Wilshire to carry the burden yellow, brown, henna, vermilion, of the expense other than is borne by blue and green, lend a festive air. The the general Church'contribution, the

north end of the room is filled with a construction of a worthwhile building semicircular stage appropriately curis made possible. Wilshire ward dotained in henna velour and naturalnated 52% of all the cash and labor

colored monk's cloth, a special gift from Hollywood stake, leaving 48 % lulu, 1929 754 'IMPROVEMENT ERA

to be contributed by the other thirteen ley, Bishop Sylvester Q. Cannon, the

wards of the stake. Wilshire ward Hollywood stake presidency, John

was willing to assume the burden of Steven McGroarty. Orra Eugene Mondonating on the average of $85.00 per nette, David P. Howells, Levi Edgar

person or $460.00 per family, so that Young; letters of congratulation from

the other wards had only to contribute Governor George H. Dern of Utah.

on the average of $ 1 3.00 per person or Governor C. C. Young of California,

$108.00 per family. Mayor George E. Cryer of Los AnThe Hollywood stake tabernacle geles, President George L. Eastman, of

was dedicated April 28, 1929, at the the Los Angeles Chamber of Comclose of a threeday celebration, commerce, and the Los Angeles Chamber prising a concert, reception and ball, a of Commerce.

children's party, Priesthood meeting The Hollywood stake tabernacle and religious is completed service. An to—thanksimpres s i ve the generosdedica t or y ity of the

prayer was Church, the o ff e r e d by leadership of 1 1 y-President Hethe H o ber J. Grant. wood stake

Other numpresidency, bers of the high council.

program were Priesthood addresses by quorums, President a u x i 1 i ary Grant, Presheads, bishident Charles ops and the

W. Nibley, magnificent

1 1 y- cooperation the H o wood stake of the people presidency, L. who entered

K. Sims, into the enKatherine R. terprisc

Stewart, Alex wholeheart- i b 1 e y, E'. edly and com-N

W. F a r n s- Arthur H. Sconberg pleted their

worth, Cora Second Counselor in Presidency of Hollywood Stake tabern acle

Leaver, Winifred Woodmansee Pouljust two years after the organization of ton, Charles N. Norberg, and report their stake and one year and thirteen

by Bishop David P. Howells, chairdays after the laying of the corner

man of the building committee. Splenstone of the building. Stake memdid musical numbers were also renbers are happy in their achievement

dered including several by the Hollybecause they have actually labored on wood stake chorus which made its the building with their hands as well official appearance directed by Benjaas donated money.

min J. Summerhays and accompanied Owing to the lack of space, only

by Emil Grob. A dedicatory issue of organization heads can be given here

the Hollywood Stake Herald was puband are as follows: Stake presidency,

lished for the occasion, consisting, George W. McCune, George F. Hardamong other things, of important aring, Arthur F. Sconberg; high counticles by Presidents Heber J. Grant, cil, Vern O. Knudsen, Louis K. Sims.

Anthony W. Ivins, Charles W. NibEspey T. Cannon, C. Fred Schade,

July. 19 29 FORWARD HOLLYWOOD 755

Claude Richards, E. Fayette Marshall, begun. They have merely acquired

John Russon, Jos. H. Manwaring, part of the tools necessary to carry on.

Preston Richards, Charles H. Norberg. They hope to live the Gospel and

Frank Iverson, David H. Stohl, Alex show by their lives its benefits and

Nibley, Wm. E. Gough, E. M. Hall; joys. They are eagerly accepting the

high priests, Wm. J. Reeve; patriarch, responsibility of every Latterday

James Thomas; 223rd quorum of Saint to make a worthy contribution

seventy, Wm. G. Grace; elders quoto the commonwealth of which he is a

rums, H. Don Preece, E. Garrett Barpart. This contribution is explained

low, Leonard Allen, Louis T. Renin detail in the significant article writshaw, Henry Olsen, E. M. Pinkston, ten by President Anthony W. Ivins

H. W. Loutensock; Genealogical Sofor the dedicatory number of the

ciety, E. W. Farnsworth; Relief Society, Hollywood Stake Herald from which

Katherine R. Stewart; Sunday School, we quote:

Alex Nibley; Y. M. M. I. A., Charles

"From the general gathering place H. Norberg; Y. L. M. I. A., Winifred

W. Poulton; Primary, Cora W. of the Church in Utah, thousands of

Leaver; bishops, W. M, Roskelly, Leo its members have been sent out to other many of them to California. Beck, Harry Randall, Jr., W. J. Jackstates,

man, Albin Hoglund, Wm. Vorkink, They have not gone with great wealth,

Angus E. Peterson, Lorenzo Myler, but with the ideals of citizenship

Mathoni M. Pratt, E. J. Sorenson, which the Church instills into the

Rulon S. Scott, Solomon L. Cox, J. hearts of its members. They have

taken with them industry, economy, T. Corbridge and David P. Howells.

To this list should be added the names faith in God, and trust in their fellowof Katherine L. Higginbotham, who men. They have taken with them

devotion to the government of which has given indefatigable service in keepthey form a part, a government which ing the accounts; Emily Brinton Sims,

who sponsored the art windows and they believe was established by the

Gleaner Girls'room, and Belva Wooddirect interposition of God our who acted through patriotic mansee Nibley, who acted as chairman Father, men whom he raised up for that purof the decoration committee. Much

praise is due the architects, Messrs. pose. These members are pledged to

support and uphold the constitutional Pope and Burton, and the contractors, law of the country, and to defend it Lynch and Cannon, who rendered with their lives if necessary, and they valuable services.

will keep the pledge to the last man."The Hollywood stake tabernacle

is the people of the Our opportunity lies before us. completed—but

stake realize that their work has just Forward Hollywood!

A Thought The keys of mirth may become less musical as they grow older, but they are returned, and their former strains reproduced by the merry laugh of a little child. Just so do the keys of conscience become flat through lack of use, but if

played upon in the spirit of a child, their tone is very clear, and may later be heard in notes of heavenly music. A. Henderson.

When Strength Returned By Christie Lund The train rumbled on, past fields which was that allimportant thing, and valleys, mountains and cities, back a sense of real values.

over familiar landscapes, reminding Suddenly he thought of Allie, what

Charles Carson that he was nearing a worthwhile friend she had been with home. In his delight the churning her wholesome philosophy, her

wheels of the train seemed friendly strength of character, her cheering, things repeating the pulsating singing kind letters that had meant so much of his heart: "I'm going home, I'm to him. She would make the sort of

going home."wife that a man should have, a wife to

His eyes gazed out upon the sunhelp when things were hard, to lead kissed fields of yellowed grain, and he him in the right way, to encourage could hardly believe that it had been and sustain him in the faith. Yet.

more than two years since he had seen he knew that subconsciously he was them all. Two years! And yet it slightly afraid of her; there was somemight have been yesterday, so unthing lacking somewhere, but that the

changedly familiar everything was. lack might be within himself he did

Yes, suddenly this was very real and not guess.

the past two years were taking on the His thoughts were interrupted by semblance of unrealthe shrill whistle of the train. He was unreality—sweet

ity home! There was the school house,

Mingled with his joy in coming the in need of paint station—badly

home was a poignant sadness at leaving and looking very small and dilapidated the mission field; there he had exin the glare of the September sun, but

perienced happiness which surpassed pathetically beautiful to him through everything he had ever known. Now his teardimmed eyes. He could see

they were humble serving, his mother, father, friends awaiting passed—the

the loving companionship, the wholehim. In anothei moment he was in

some, uplifting joy of them, all passed. their arms; they were kissing him,

Would he be able to carry on here with clasping his hand, smiling, crying. He

the same high faith and courage that was rushed, amid confusion, to a waithad been his there? Why not? Here ing car when he saw Allie, smiling,

was the chosen land of God, the chosen tears in her eyes. He cool,—pretty,people, here was why seized both her hands and whispered. everything—yet,had he and many others never realized "Hello, Allie! Gee, it seems great to

what was here until they were taken be back. See you later."She dropped

away from it; never really understood her eyes to hide the exquisite hapand loved it until thousands of miles piness in them.

had been placed between them? He was taken home, where a deHis throat contracted as he rememlightful dinner had been prepared in his

bered how deeply he had been moved honor, where a few old friends and as a group of elders had sung, lustily, neighbors had gathered to welcome that favorite "Mormon"hymn, "Oh, him and listen to his experiences. He

Ye Mountains High."He had realized told them eagerly of the trip across

then, for the first time in his life, what the water, his first day of tracting, his it really means to be a member of the first street meeting. He could not

Church of God. Yes, he had learned quite get over to his listeners that

much in the past two years, least of people out in the world actually stood

July. 1919 WHEN STRENGTH RETURNED 757

in awe of them, that they believed when it came. No, this would not

it would be the highest privilege in the quite be as he had dreamed it, but she world to live here in the shadow of must never know. He would make

the temple. He tried to stir them to up to her in many ways; he would

a new joy in what was theirs, to a new give her everything that a man could worthiness of all they had been blessed give a that something, woman—except

with, but he seemed unable. Here were that fire which he felt should be the

these people, their thoughts occupied foundation of love.

with the little joys and cares of everyHis arm tightened ever so slightly day life, taking their religion more or about her waist as he bent his head to less for granted. He remembered what murmur: "Allie there is something I

one missionary had stated in the field: want to say to we slip out you—can

"The first thing I shall do when I for a few moments?"

return home is to convert my own She looked at him questioningly, family."His friends, looking at him, "Why, yes, I suppose we could."And

heeded not so much what he was saying the color flooded her cheeks.

as they noticed the change that had They walked out into the cool, been wrought in him. The funloving moonlit September night. The world

boy was now an eloquent, enthusiastic was strangely silent except for the man. A few of them asked themselves strains of dance music which came,

if he would not forget all this when as though from a long distance, to he began associating with former their ears. The gaily colored trees

friends who were gradually drifting swayed softly beneath the glow of the away from the Church. copper, autumn moon, like maidens in

The week after his return a homebright dresses. It was a perfect night

coming party was given in his honor. for love, romance. They sat down

The program, the games, the refreshupon a nearby bench, and as he looked ments and at last the dancing were into her eager, upturned face a sudden carried out successfully. The "fellows"pain of loneliness or longing shot

were there in a body, dancing the latest through his heart. He put his hands

steps, singing the newest songs, quite on her shoulders, very gently.

as they had done when he had been "I'm not nearly good enough for one of them. He told himself, as he you,"he began humbly. "I'm almost

glided across the floor with Allie in frightened when I am with you—but.

his arms, that those things didn't really been planning for two years to I—I've

matter, the boys'hearts were all right. ask you will you something—Allie,

"I'm so glad you are home,"Allie marry me?"

said, softly. "It doesn't seem like any She raised her hand to his cheek

time since you went that and whispered, "If you really love me, away—now

you are back."Charles, and want me, I will."

"Doesn't it? I'm mighty happy to He took her in his arms and pressed

be back with you all."He looked his lips against her hair. She drew

into her adoring eyes, and thought: back ever so slightly with a little half

"It will be better if I marry her and laugh, half sob catching in her throat, settle down; I'll never feel quite the then yielded to his embrace. His

same with the old don't lips found hers for a brief kiss, after crowd—I

want to."He deliberated in his mind which there was a reverent silence,

how he should ask her. He would neither of them finding words. After

have to be very gentle, gentle and a while he murmured huskily: "You

humble, so that she would not notice won't be sorry, dear, will you?"She

the lack of pulsating fervor that he had laughed softly, "Oh, I'm sure I won't.

always felt would go with real love Charles, I've always loved you, and

July, 1929758 IMPROVEMENT ERA

your mission has made you a finer try as he would, he found himself man."strangely drawn by her cool sophistry.

"It did wonders for me, Allie. He knew it couldn't be love and yet

There's one thing especially I shall she held a fascination for him that no never forget. I only made one convert other girl he had ever met had held.

that I know of, but bringing the truth In spite of her modern way of talking, to her hungry soul more than repaid she was extremely feminine, and with me for going. I'll never forget the her woman's skill she used her charm

night we baptized her. It was a windy, wisely. To counteract his desire for

cold night when we started for the Vi he lavished attentions upon Allie, river. We walked nearly three miles took her to church, to shows, to

to reach it, to find that the weather dances; was always gracious and kind

made it almost impossible to baptize to her, telling himself that he didn't her. However, she was determined not really care at all for Vi and that he

to postpone it, so we all knelt down would forget easily. But in that pein prayer and asked that we would be culiar way things have of getting

able to perform this sacred ordinance."around in a small town, word came

He paused for a minute then went on to Allie that he was quite attentive to solemnly, "Honestly, Allie, when we Vi. Allie only smiled, but one day

arose from our knees and went into she saw them walking up the street the water there wasn't any wind. It together and the expression in his face

was as though a voice had said, 'Peace hurt her; she had never seen that look

be still.'Everything was as silent as of adoration and joy in his eyes before.

the grave. Oh, it was wonderful, the And suddenly she seemed to have

sacredness of that night. I'll never, known for a long time that his love

never forget that woman's face as she for her was cold; though she had been

looked up at me and said: 'God bless so blinded by the fire of her own emoyou, my boy. I'll always remember tion that she had not realized it. She

you and what you have done for me. tried to tell herself that it was nonIf ever I can do anything for you, I'll sense to think he could love anyone

do it!'She died within three months else when he was always so kind to

after that. Funny, isn't it, that it her. Kind! As if that were enough!

should all seem like a dream now."Time passed, she knew he was seeing

"Yes, and you must keep it real by Vi and felt sure he loved her. She

carrying on. How thankful you should must give him up, gracefully, gladly

be for such an experience."it would mean happiness to even—for

"I am thankful, and I want you him. Out of the numbness of her

near me always, so that it will be easy heart a voice said, indignantly, "He to carry on."isn't man enough to tell you—you

He kissed her again and they reought to hate him."But another voice

turned to the dance where one of the answered: "No, he's just a little boy,

I love alfellows introduced him to Viola Hemand him—love him—will

ming, a small, blonde girl, who looked ways love him."

up at him with liquidly languid eyes One night he came to see her and she and asked him teasingly where he'd knew instinctively that this was the been all his life. He laughed and felt end. A cozy fire burned on the hearth,

unusually gay as he bantered back and the room was gleaming under its glowforth with her. ing lights and receding shadows. Her

* * * cheeks were flushed and she looked exSeveral weeks passed; it seemed to tremely lovely in the simple black

Charles that he was continuously frock she wore, with a soft lace collar thrown in contact with Viola, and. against her throat. As she looked into

July, 1929 WHEN STRENGTH RETURNED 759

his eyes and saw the distressed exhim. But she would always be strong

pression there she wanted to take him in the face of any issue, brave and calm in her arms. Oh, why did he seem and sweet. He felt he would always

such a little boy, so helpless, so in remember her, standing pale and beauneed of what she could give him? tiful, with the firelight caught in her

When they were seated near the fire dusky hair and softbrown eyes. He

and had discussed all the generalities, felt like a child who wants two toys there was an awkward silence after and has to make a choice between them.

which he began, hesitatingly: The next evening he called on Vi,

"Allie, there's something I have to the exhilaration he should have felt at tell being able to go to her free was strangeyou—I—

She could not bear his confused perly lacking. His steps lagged. He

plexity. She restrained her tears and entered the house only to find a possible

smiled, a pitiful little smile. rival before him. Vi introduced the

"It's all right, Charles,"she said, two, "Charles, this is Aaron, an old "I know what it is, I've heard and you friend of mine who may decide to stay mustn't feel that you are obligated to in our town permanently."

all right. We can straint that two men feel when bothand—it'sme at all. quite—We all change our minds The two shook hands with the constill be friends."are calling upon the same girl. Aaron

He dropped his locked hands bewas good looking in a flashy way;

tween his knees and sat staring into the clever, boisterous, arrogant. Charles

glowing fire, his face stricken and pale. felt an immediate dislike for him and

"Gee, I'm sorry, Allie. I didn't with difficulty forced himself to laugh

want it this way. Why, you've been at his cheap jokes. After a time,

the best, truest friend a fellow ever however, the stranger arose to go, had. I wouldn't hurt you for the "Well, folks,"he drawled, stretching

I just can't help himself lazily, "I s'pose I'll have toworld—but—well, I must toddle on. it. You don't hate me do you?"let you miss me.

She patted his hand reassuringly, Give me my hat, will you, Vi?"

assuming a lightness of tone she did She gave him his hat and accompanot feel. nied him through the door to the porch,

"Charles, how could I hate you? pulling the door after her as she went

Don't be foolish. Run along home out. Charles, though irritated, told

now and if you ever need me, why. himself that it was all right. Several

I'm the same old Allie."moments passed and a gust of winter

"Listen,"he said, quickly, "you can wind blew the door ajar and he could help me now. Hold me to my promise, not help seeing the two in each other's

He turned his head. it will be better for us all if you and arms—kissing.

I marry. I feel as though I was grophis whole being sick with a sudden

ing for nausea. Vi broke away from the emsomething—I'm afraid—helpme."brace and hurriedly stepped into the

She arose. He had hurt her pride. house, never guessing he had seen.

"No,"she told him, "there are times She was flushed and smiling as sixin our lives when no one can help us. dropped her thinly clad body on the

some things we must face alone. Be couch beside him and raised her eyes.

honest to your true feelings and everyShe could not miss the anguish in his thing will be quite all right, I'm sure."face.

As he walked home he wished she "What's the matter, big boy?"she

had taken it any way but this, she asked softly, "Tell Vi."

was so brave, and it hurt him more "Nothing,"he evaded, "nothing."

than if she had wept or pleaded with "Yes, there is. Tell me."She

July, 1929760 IMPROVEMENT ERA

slipped her warm little hand into his, They parted in silence, she with a but received no answering pressure shrug of the shoulders, he with no from his. backward look for her who had been

"Well, I've broken with Allie,"he the cause of his sacrificing so much.

told her, doggedly. He rushed out into the night, blinded

Her laugh rang through the room, by angry tears; hurt, consumed with

"Surely I wouldn't let a little thing shame, anger and regret. What did

like thai: worry me. I suppose the anything matter now? He had lost

saintly one put up quite a battle."Allie forever for mockery. this—this

"No, she did not,"he exclaimed, He deliberately turned his footsteps to almost angrily, "Allie's not that type."the center of town where he knew he

The girl was wise enough to know would find the fellows.

that she was using the wrong method, For several weeks following that he so she changed instantly. "I'm sorry,"dissipated his strength, trying to forshe murmured, pressing his hand again, get. At first he wouldn't drink with

this time his fingers clung to hers. the boys; he continued with his

"Oh. Vi, he muttered, "let's get Church duties but he seemed like one

married, soon, I'm so darned wretchwalking in a dream and gradually he ed."slackened in his attendance, began taksoci- He took her in his arms and she ing a drink now and then to be

lifted expectant lips to his. While he able. He told himself he was happy,

was kissing her he kept remembering was having a good time, but his heart it was not true. One night he that she had kissed Aaron also, he knew

imagined that her lips were still warm and some others were standing on the from that contact. usual street corner; they had had a

When he released her she smiled a drink or two. Allie passed and spoke

little petulantly. to him, but there was an expression of

"I'm sorry, darling, but I don't infinite pity and disgust in her face.

want to get married."It was as if she, with that look, had

"You mean,"he questioned, "not turned a blinding light upon him and now?"he was able to see himself as he must

he really must be. "I mean, not for a long, long time."look to her—as "Then you don't love me?"in- "Allie—"he said to himself, "Allie

I credulously. so good, so sure of the way—and

The words kept torturing "Of course I love you, but not like—lost."

He left the that."his mind, "Lost—lost—"

He looked at her unbelievingly, as crowd and went home. When he

though he were seeing her for the first reached his room he sat on the bed and time. "You mean,"he demanded stared unseeingly into space; a dry,

hotly, "that you love me just the tearless sob tearing through his body.

same as you do your friend Aaron, "I'm lost,"he cried, in a frightened all the world there is for our kisses?"voice, "lost—in

really cares, not in ten "Leave my friend Aaron out of this, no one who in please."worlds, no one to help me—God,

He laughed bitterly, "I might have heaven, forgive me."He threw himknown. Well, you accomplished what self on his knees and wept convulsiveyou wanted to, I hope you are satisly, as a child weeps.

fied."It was very dark in the room, dark

He wanted to tell her that she was on all sides of him, and to his poundnot worthy to live in the same town ing senses the darkness seemed perwith the "saintly one,"but good manmeated with loud, raucous noises, like ners closed his lips. the moan of the wind on stormy

July, 19 29 WHEN STRENGTH RETURNED 761

nights. The darkness was broken in dare ask to accompany her home, even

one small spot and light was filtering when he saw her leave a group of through; slowly like sunlight filters friends and start homeward alone. But

through the crevice in a rock. He was he did dare walk a short distance besure he could see someone in the light, hind her, unnoticed. They walked

coming toward him. And then there from the center of town to the side

was a great silence, a peaceful silence, streets which were dark. He seemed

and a voice said: suddenly afraid that something might

"God bless you, my boy."It was happen to her. She did not seem so

a familiar but startling voice. strong, so selfreliant as he had thought

"Who are you?"he asked tremshe was; tonight at the organ she had looked pale and sad. Oh, if he could ulously.

only hope to live to be worthy of

The voice answered, softly, tenderly, having her love him again, for he was "Once I was in darkness and you were quite sure that whatever love she had in the light and you came to me and felt was long since dead.

shared your peace; you gave me of

It must have been a kind and benevyour light and I was lifted up where olent fate that contrived to let things I could see and understand the truth, happen as they did, for she had walked and know the mercy of God's ways. that way many times alone and nothLook up, my boy! You are not lost, ing unusual had happened. But as you have just wandered a little, blindCharles came behind her several feet ly. You are not weak, your two and turned a corner he saw her caught young arms lifted me easily from the

in the arms of a large, familiar figure. deep water; the strength of your faith

He did not wait to think, but rushed made all the elements of the earth and forward like some animal who springs sea stand up to the light still—reach to protect a loved one, and with a be true! God will help you as you terrific blow sent her assailant to the helped 'me. He loves you and wants

ground. you to win."

"Charles!"Allie cried, a trembling He arose in a stupor, switched on the

note of joy in her voice. lights. He ran his hands across his

eyes. He was trembling and yet peace He took her gently, unresistingly in

mustn't and joy were in his heart. No, he was his arms. "Oh, Allie—you never let not weak, he was strong! He was not ever walk alone again—I'll

sweetheart, afraid. He would fight the fight alone. you be alone—ever—Oh,

not alone. I love you so."Alone—yet

The following Sunday night he Her cheek was wet against his strong went to Church. He knew the hardest shoulder. He kissed her tears away,

part of the fight would be getting buried his face in the soft loveliness his feet back once more in the right of her hair; she seemed suddenly very

way. He was humble and ashamed frail and helpless and sweet. And she

and expected to be treated as an outneeded him. He was whispering again

cast, but everyone was very kind, those old, ever new words, "I love you, you."He was sure welcomed him as the proverbial prodilove you,—love

that he loved her with that perfect gal son must have been welcomed back now feel only for a to the fold. Perhaps these kind peolove that a man can

ple understood, too, that he had just good woman.

wandered a little, blindly. So absorbed were they that neither

But Allie in her position at the of them noticed the drunken form of organ, seemed unattainable and distant his onetime rival, Aaron, rise and and beautiful as a dream. He did not stagger away from them.

In the Death Grip of a Grizzly

By Carter E. Grant, Principal of the Jordan Seminary

[This is the first of a series of frontier stories. As the author is a student of Western

history. having majored in that subject at college, and during the past two years has written the

Church His:ory Leaflets for the Sunday Schools, he should possess a historical background from

which he can draw in dramatic style true pioneer stories both edifying and interesting. The

Editors. | "To some such land the famished hunter seeks in feverdreams of coolness."Neihardt.

Our story opens in the wilds of yielded satisfactory returns in the

Wyoming, southeast of what is now morning; and the better part of each

the famous Yellowstone Park, in afternoon was spent in skinning the 1823, when the wonders of that recatch and preparing the pelts."

gion were unknown even to the most Here, indeed, was the life young daring trappers. One will readily see Jed had dreamed of! It Was not

that this was the very same year in without its perils, for within the past which Joseph Smith the Prophet, then year Smith had barely escaped death but seventeen years old, first saw the when many of his companions had golden records in the Hill Cumorah, fallen by the hands of the Ree Indians, in the faroff State of New York. It then following the massacre, he and a

is a noteworthy coincidence that, lone friend, Baptiste, a FrenchCan- while Joseph, under divine direction, adian, had made their way some two was preparing to establish the Church hundred miles to Fort Henry for asin the East, out on the extreme western sistance. Now, however, as the trapfrontier of our country Jedediah pers rode forth into the friendly Crow

Strong Smith, as daring and intrepid a country, "they feared no evil,"alyoung trapper as ever "broke trail,"though it lurked unseen on every side.

should be seeking, at the head of the Already the western Indian summer

Big Horn, a gateway into the Rocky began hanging hazily about, and

Mountains, even an overland route to autumn with all its golden glory the "Inland Sea,"a sea like the Na- 'flooded this vast domain. Youth and

tional Park, as yet to be discovered. adventure and the daily hankering for

As one looks back, it hardly seems the unknown always lying just beyond credible that St. Louis, a hundred years the ridges, urged them ever deeper into

ago, was standing on the extreme the wilderness. The venison steaks,

western border of the United States. the smell of spruce and pine, the roar

In the closing days of September. of the water, the refreshing nights, and

1823, sixteen hardy men, with twice a hundred other delights gave a buoythat many horses and pack animals, ancy to every step.

sallied forth in true mountaineer fashAlready Jedediah had accepted his ion from Fort Henry on the Yellownickname, "the Christian trapper."It

stone river. Thomas Fitzpatrick and was said that "he carried his Bible in

the young, fearless, twentythree year one hand and his rifle in the other."

old Jed Smith were in command. By Let that be as it may, he was the only

permission, they had broken loose one who could make a speech or offer from the HenryAshley trappers and a prayer over the remains of their were beginning a long hunting and young friend, John Gardner, killed by exploring trip on their own account. the Rees. We have old Hugh Glass's

Southward day after day up the Big word for it, in a quaint letter disHorn they pushed, and now they were patched by him down the Missouri to on the Powder river. Of beaver being the dead man's relatives, that "Mr.

plentiful they write: Smith, a young man of the company,

"Traps set in the evening generally made a powerful prayr [his way of

July. 1929 IN THE DEATH GRIP OF A GRIZZLY 763

spelling] which moved us all greatly, whence the united bands should proand I am persuaded John died in ceed to winter quarters on the Yellowpeace."(South Dakota Historical stone."

Collections, Vol. 1.) For several days Smith and his men

Smith had been half reared for the worked slowly up a small tributary ministry. Cardinal Goodwin in The stream that came down from the

Trans Mississippi West, says, "This divide between the Powder and the

Christian and soldier whose Bible and Tongue. Hunting was good. Then

rifle were inseparable companions and one evening Jed met with an accident who never permitted the mild teachthat seemed likely suddenly to end his ings of the former to diminish in any dreams of the mysteries beyond the way the vigor with which he used the mountains. On the bank of the young

latter, was a 'Pathfinder'whose exriver, half deafened by the roar of plorations have not been sufficiently turbulent waters, he had been setting a recognized. To a greater extent than beaver trap, when all of a sudden a

the majority of men, he loved the huge, hairy form towered above him, adventure which comes from exploring growling as it made the attack. Like

unknown territory. The call of the a flash, Jed whipped out his long

'New West'was in his blood. He hunting knife and as he plunged it

spent at least ten years of his life visitinto the body of his antagonist, things ing its valleys, following its streams, happened quickly and the man rememclimbing its mountains and penetrating bered no more.

the solitudes of its desert "There followed a period of torturwastes—and

was finally killed by the Comanche ing dreams,"says Jed, "and when I

Indians."After being shot down by awoke it was night, and I was lying betheir arrows, he was scalped. side a fire with shadowy comrades leanIn 1823 there was no "Oregon ing over me. There was a roaring ache

Trail."All traffic to the mountains in my head and at intervals a stabbing

left St. Louis by row boat or keel boat, shot through my left hip."His thigh

pulled by a long cord either by horses had been badly mangled and he was in or the trappers themselves. Smith had a fair way to be "rubbed out"when

been six months going from St. Louis his comrades, who were setting traps

to the "Dakotas,"sixteen hundred close by, rushed upon the scene and miles, and another six months coming finished the bear, but not before it had southward around the great horseshoestruck Jed upon the head and hip. A

bend, back to a place almost west from moment later, and no rescuers could the beginning. The Missouri at this have saved Smith, for the bear was

time was the only western highway furious from the gaping wound made known, even to the trappers. by the hunter's knife.

At this point on the Powder river, At Jed's first signs of consciousness, we are told that, "For a week the the trappers huddled about, consoling party kept together; then Smith, with him as best they could, for all had

five men, struck out westward, while prophesied an early death, but they set

Fitzpatrick, with the balance of the about to make their leader as comtrappers, kept on up the valley, hoping fortable as possible They knew, if he to fall in with the friendly Crow lived, weeks must elapse ere that leg

Nation on its fall buffalo hunt in the could become of real use.

region between the head waters of the Smith's five companions sat about

Powder and the north fork of the the fire in council. All, even to the

Platte. Smith was to explore the sick man, sensed the seriousness of the

country westward, trapping on the situation. He learned that with

upper reaches of the Tongue and Rosethe approaching daylight, three of the bud as he went, and meet Fitzpatrick. men would strike across the country

returning by way of the Big Horn. wilderness in pursuit of Fitzpatrick.

July. 1929 764 IMPROVEMENT ERA

who was, no one knew just where; into the brush so near the white man.

while the other two should remain to that had they not worked in concare for him and spend the shortening fusion Jed's pains would have soon fall days in collecting beaver pelts. Jed ended. Helping themselves to the

does not inform us how many days camp equipment, the blankets and passed nor does he name the stream. tepee, loading all upon the three horses,

He adds, "There seemed to be noththey were off down the canyon. Jed's

ing of immediate fear, I felt myself last hope for the safety of his comslowly gaining strength, with the panions was gone, for he had seen gashes across my scalp and cheek gradtied to the belt of an Indian two ually closing, but my leg, as yet, dripping scalps, the hair of which, he wouldn't bear moving without the recognized only too well.

most agonizing and torturing pains. As the hours passed, Smith lay in

'The men nevertheless were doing the cold as sick at heart as his wounds mighty well at the traps, clearing the were painful. At last out through

stream above and below camp. The the darkness he crawled, hoping and

Rees and Blackfeet were far away to praying that the pilferers had missed the northeast and the Gros Ventres, a blanket or skin upon which his the most to be feared, were doubtless chilled form might rest. "Oh, curse

seeking winter buffalo meat on the them,"he muttered as he sank in plains of the Missouri. Fresh meat despair upon the dead ashes of the

for our needs was plentiful, for deer camp fire. With his hands he made

and antelope abounded in the broken the fireplace into a sort of undercountry around about."blanket, then pulling together a few

Still he does not fail to add that his dry twigs and bark, he made ready wounds "throbbed on in a painful for a fire. Yes, he had flint and steel;

manner."Time passed and Jed's but as he looked into the blackness,

companions were using their horses on he decided it would be unsafe. As

the longer excursions. The first fall night wore on, the cold became unstorm came and went, leaving the disbearable. Then, too, the sickening

tant peaks white with sure signs of thought of his two slain companions approaching winter. haunted him. How soon would his

One evening after Smith's companbody be as helpless as theirs he wonions had strolled up the creek afoot, dered. Hope, however, lit his soul a bit

leaving the three horses staked near as he thought of Fitzpatrick, but camp, a dozen shots rang out in quick would he return in time? "How many

succession, followed by a chorus of days under these conditions will I be wild cries. The Indians were upon able to hang out?"he questioned himthem. Interpreting the full meaning self. "Why fear death at the hands

of the horrible massacre, the sick man of the savages when, possibly after quickly seized his gun, ammunition, many days and long weary nights, I and hunting knife and, groaning with shall meet it slowly and feebly, alone."

the excruciating pain, dragged his Several hours dragged forward and wounded body into the edge of an from weariness he slept. Once mon.

underbrush thicket, where breathlessly he was a boy again, back in Ohio.

he awaited the outcome. A moment There was his mother, his brothers and

later a group of mounted Indians, in sisters; now he was at the wharf, ready

full war attire, came cantering into to leave home, he heard the riffling view, but seeing the camp and three of the water; felt the warm, fond

grazing horses, they halted a moment, embrace of his mother, even saw the and then hurried forward chattering tears upon her cheeks, then he was excitedly in a tongue altogether new awake on his cold bed in the Rockies, to Smith. Surmising that another staring out into the blackness of the

party was somewhere about, they bevast unknown.

gan peering around, -poking their guns Growing desperately cold and numb

July. 1929 IN THE DEATH GRIP OF A GRIZZLY 765

and half stupid from pain and beopen to such a passage, "He is chaswilderment, he reached again for his tened, also with pain upon his bed.

flint and steel; a spark! a glow, and Yea his soul draweth near the grave,

a blaze, and soon a cheerful fire and his life to the flesh destroyers—his

warmed him. Toward morning, the shall be fresher than a child's: he shall

warmth having eased his suffering return to the days of his youth. He

considerably, the old courage and shall pray unto God and He will be resolution began to return. Hope filled favorable unto him."Stirring up the

his soul; he would still trust, yes, pray fire a bit, he continued, "Come unto

and have faith. The blood of a true me, all ye that labor and are heavy

Christian surged in his veins. His laden, and I will give you rest. Take

hand went to his bosom. "Thank my yoke upon you, and learn of me;

God, I have it!"and he drew forth for I am meek and lowly in heart, and

his little leatherbound Bible. As he ye shall find rest unto your souls.

opened it, several worn clippings fell For my yoke is easy, and my burden to the ground. Carefully folding is light."

each, he started replacing them, when The troubled man sank back upon he saw the name Napoleon. "What his bed of ashes. "Why should I

would Napoleon have done under withhold my love toward my Sathese conditions?"In the flickering vior? Is it not a proof that I of

firelight he read Napoleon's favorite myself deny him? 'I am heavy laden."

saying, words expressing the con- I will return. He then thanked God

queror's admiration for Christ. After he was alive, that even in this vast

comparing Christ with himself and solitude he could pray. And pray he

with heroes of antiquity. Napoleon did and felt better. He even thanked

continued: God for his rifle, knife, flint and steel,

"I think I understand somewhat of and what he prized much more, the human nature, and I tell you all these well worn copy of the scriptures.

were men, and I am a man, but not How long he lay thinking or when one is like him; Jesus Christ was more he fell into a deep sleep, he could not

than a man. Alexander, Caesar, Charletell, but when he opened his heavy

magne, and myself founded great emeyes, staring about on every side, a new pires; but upon what did the creations day had crept forth and the slanting

of our genius depend? Upon force! sun shed its hopefulness upon him.

Jesus alone founded his empire upon Placing his cold hands upon his love, and to this very day millions fevered brow, he lay trying to collect would die for him. Here lies the his confused thoughts. His fire had

Book of Books upon the table (touchlong since died; but what seemed

ing it reverently); I do not tire of worse, the spark of hope within him

reading it. and do so daily with equal seemed sinking. Determinedly he

pleasure. The soul, charmed with turned his stiffened joints a bit and

the beauty of the Gospel, is no longer soon had a fire going. After the

its own: God possesses it entirely: warmth and a careful leg massage, he

he directs its thoughts and faculties; found he could pull himself about a

it is his. What proof of the divinbit. with some of his pain disappearity of Jesus incorporates ing. Christ—he

into himself, not a nation, but the He records that the old sustaining whole human race!"(Bertrand's faith came back like a revelation. "I

Memoirs. Paris.) knew that God was in the world as

Replacing the clippings, Jed strove much as ever and would provide. Not

to read the fine Bible print by the many rods away was the stream, and dancing light, and his memory supfeeling feverish and terribly gaunt. I

plied what he could not follow with was soon slowly pulling myself to his eyes. How peculiar that he should ward its sparkling waters. My hunJuly, 1929766 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ger, though, would not be fooled forweeping, and on my eyelids is the ever; for in the early afternoon I shadow of death. * * I shall go

actually felt weakness coming on, and the way whence I shall not return no longer could move with the ease * * the graves are ready for me."

of morning. My leg, too, having "No, no,!"exclaimed Jed, "I am

been jolted more than usual, kept me not Job. My request is not to die,

in no contented frame of mind. All but to live!"and he turned the leaves

of a sudden a new hope burst upon again, reading, "The Lord is my me. 'The traps, and possibly beaver!'shepherd; I shall not want. He

I half spoke the words aloud. As I maketh me to lie down in green passtarted slowly up the creek, over rocks tures: he leadeth me beside the still

and fallen stumps, I lay still at times, waters. * * Yea though I walk

reckoning the cost, but knowing what through the valley of the shadow of it might prove without this effort, death, I will fear no evil; for thou

I carefully moved forward, keeping a art with me. * * Thou anointest

sharp lookout for traps. The first my head with oil, my cup runneth

was empty. The second also. Apover."For a long time Smith lay

palled at the pain my venture was gazing thoughtfully into the flickering giving me and nursing not the slightest campfire, then thinking of the Bible forebodings for the oncoming night, I again he repeated, "A merry heart lay and rested, while the dampness of doeth good like a medicine; but a

the sodden ground chilled me."broken spirit drieth the bones."

At length, he says, prayer strengthIn the early morning of the fourth ened him and he reached the third trap, day of fasting and prayer he says, "I which to his joy contained a beaver, awakened suddenly and rubbed my "But it was an hour before I succeeded eyes. Whether I saw or dreamed 1

in bringing it to shore with a forked was not at first sure. A fine large

branch cut from the brush."buck within easy rifle shot was standThe sun had winged its way westing broadside, quietly drinking from

ward into a mist that hung above the the stream. My ever ready gun being

Wind River Range, before his beaver at my side, I managed to turn myself meal was over. Then feeling more without lifting my body to be seen;

strengthened and hopeful, he began taking aim I found myself trembling preparations for another long night, with anxiety, and I feared to press the which with a fire was with lessened trigger. Just then the animal raised

torture than the night previous. his head high in the air. I waited

However, the second day and the not a second, but calmed myself. At

third he was compelled to fast, as his the roar of my gun, it gave a mighty painful trips up the creek brought no leap and toppled over, floundering in returns. "Game,"he writes, seemed the grass and mud at the water's edge.

suddenly to have deserted the region."That morning I lay and praised God

At least it appeared so to the sick man. as I toasted my first meal for three full

"On the third night, I lay by the fire days.

and again turned to the Bible for aid, "At the close of this feast, feeling "I will lift up mine eyes unto the somewhat encouraged, I dragged myhills, from whence cometh my help. self up the torturing slope of a nearby

My help cometh from the Lord, which hillock, and lay searching the empty made heaven and earth. * * The distances until my eyes and head ached

Lord shall preserve thee from evil."and the shades of night began darkenAmen, he said reverently, and turning ing the creek bottom. Nothing alive

the leaves to Job began, "Though he appeared but a flock of crows wheeling slay me, yet will I trust in him."and circling above the woods where

"His archers compass me round my two companions lay. With a

about. * * My face is foul with last look for horsemen, I turned

July, 19 29 IN THE DEATH GRIP OF A GRIZZLY 76;

campward, praying as I crawled, for and read from Job, "Man that is the thought of God ever helped my born of woman is of few days, he lonesomeness."cometh forth like a flower and is cut

After three days feasting from the down."Brokenly, he questioned.

flesh of the buck, Smith found the "Does the 'Good Book'also mock me?

meat going putrid, and at last the Why should the pages always fly open anxious crows were allowed to swoop to Job?"

down upon it, stripping its bones He opened to the New Testament, clean. When the large, hookedbeaked, "For to be carnally minded is death:

black things returned the next mornbut to be spiritually minded is life ing, circling above camp, Jed wonand peace."Turning to James he

dered as he watched if the vultures continued reading: "But let him ask

were actually growing impatient, in faith, nothing wavering, for he that hanging around for a chance at him. wavereth is like a wave of the sea

Two more days and nights passed driven by the wind and tossed."

without food, yet each day he pulled That day and another night came himself to the hilltop, scanning the and went. The sick man had hardly

broken country in all directions. On moved from his bed of ashes. The

the third day as he watched, there next morning the glorious sun sent came out of a ravine about a half mile its rays across the dewsoaked moundistant a large herd of antelope. Hour tain vastness. A flock of crows larger

after hour they quietly fed just out of than usual wheeled and circled as if range. Then they began working waiting impatiently beyond scheduled

nearer, but disappeared in a hollow. time. A mountain rat repeatedly

The next day, because of weakness, sallied forth, quietly viewing things he made no attempt at climbing out of about camp.

the creek bottom, and somehow, too, At that moment there came riding he seemed to pray with less assurance. into the scene three scouts, Jed's mesThat night his usual fire failed to senger friends, followed, not by Fitzwarm him. The damp mountain patrick, but Colonel Keemle with his

breeze brought on chill after chill. For band of brave trappers. Not even the

the first time in many nights his mind tramping of the horses aroused the unwandered. With startling clearness he fortunate Jed. The men stopped at

was back home once more. the clearing, surveying the blanketless

But Jed's iron will, even though man and the deserted camp. At the

encased in a broken body, had not been crack of a twig beneath one of the subdued. With the light of another horse's feet, the sick man roused himday, he aroused himself with an effort. self, and not until his former comrades

He must hang out. were leaning over him, could he really

What was that! Sure enough, sense that at last his prayers had been

three deer were coming down the slope answered.

to the creek. Again he took aim, but By securing a blanket across two

the sights danced giddily: he seemed poles, the ends of which were fastened

not to see plainly. "Bang."A splash to the pack saddles of two of the

of water told how faltering had been more docile horses, a litter was made his aim. With a bound the frightened for Jed, whose wounds, despite his

deer broke off through the brush. lack of food, had healed sufficiently to

Weary and exhausted he again lay admit of travel. A few days later

upon his bed of twigs and ashes. Was Fitzpatrick and his men joined the

? company.he being mocked? Why had he missed

The sharp pains in his leg again How Jed's soul warmed though as made him build a fire. Heat seemed he listened to the following: "A

his only solace. Always it cheered Crow chief told me,"began Fitzpathim and brought feelings of hope. In rick, "how by following up the Sweet

spite of it all, ho turned to the Bible water which flows eastward into the

July, 19 29768 IMPROVEMENT ERA

north fork of the Platte, a great break March, 1847, published the very year in the Wind River mountains is found, the Pioneers came through this South through which we can enter into the Pass and over the Green riverj very midst of the Rockies as easily as Later we shall read more about Jed, over an open prairie trail and follow his recovery and trailbreaking trips to down to the 'Siskadee Agi'or Sage the Salt Lake Valley, some twentyHen river [later called the Green riverj two years in advance of the "Morand so plentiful are the beaver yonder, mon Scouts"under President Young.

said the Crow chief, that traps are Then, also, we shall read of the not needed, because one can knock Comanche Indians and Jed's fatal exthem over with a club."(Article by periences with them.

Sahtare, St. Louis Weekly Reveille,

Our Practical Religion By Ernest Smith, Student at the B. Y. U.

Are we interested most in the presters and forget the plain, simple docent, future, or past? Are we interested trine that is directly applicable in the

in the mysteries and obscure things life of man.

of life, or in the plain things applicable Religion is not alone for a learned in the daily routine of the common few, but it is for all means men—a

man? Is our religion for the mass of of leading them, in a more highly depeople or for the learned few? veloped state, back into the presence

Certainly, we are interested in the and glory of God.

past, not for the past itself, but for "Mormonism"is a practical religion.

the added light gained to help us in What economist has worked out as enjoying the present. The past fully good a plan for economic equality of

analyzed is a most complete set of exman as the plan "The Law of Conperiments on the most interesting and secration"provides? And what would

most vital it is, be as good a test to see if one would problem—life—what

and how to use it. be able to live under such conditions

Are we interested in the future? Yes, without infringing upon the rights of

in our individual future and in the others as an attempt to live accordfuture of the race. But we do not ing to the Gospel of Christ?

think of the future as being more imCould a student of sociology, withportant than the present only in the out the help of God, state in such quantitative side. We do not think simple and comprehensive terms what

that we should sacrifice the present the ideals of man should be, as are for the future, but that future happistated in the thirteenth Article of ness and joy varies with present true Faith? Barring only the "Fruits of

happiness. We look upon this life as Mormonism,"it offers the best proof

a stepping stone to greater progress; that "Mormonism"is a practical renot as a necessary evil. ligion.

We are interested in the mysteries "We believe in being honest, true, and obscure things of life, because we chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in dobelieve that all things can be explained ing good to all men; indeed, we may

by natural laws, although those laws say that we follow the admonition of believe all things, we hopemay not be known as yet to man. We Paul,—We

believe that it is desirable to underall things, we have endured many stand life. An axiom of the Church things, and hope to be able to enis "The Glory of God is Intelligence."dure all things. If there is anything

True, it is good to be able to undervirtuous, lovely, or of good report stand those deep things, but one should or praiseworthy, we seek after these not bother oneself with such matthings."

The Call of Youth By Clara Horne Park The river Woe, with noiseless tread, Thus Truth endeavored to restrain

On bold Destruction's errand sped, And save a soul from grief and pain.

And with alluring, sinuous grace.

Enticed the youth of every race Youth looked once more upon the

To follow down its rosestrewn way, throng,

And give their lives to pleasures gay. In beauty's dress, with mirthful song.

He stood irresolute, forlorn, Another pathway, marked by stone, He visioned beauty yet unbornLed up from Woe to heights unknown. To his young inexperienced eye.

Where, as a beacon, clear and bright, "I cannot let this chance pass by

Shone Truth's divine, inspiring light; To taste the joy of Life."quoth he.To guide the earnestminded youth "Do thou come. Truth, along withWho passed Temptation, seeking me."

Truth.

a paiiA Youth stood on the brink of Woe, But Truth of Wisdom was a wav'ring heart.Not knowing just which way to go And followed not

Adown the river surged a crowd, "I have a greater work to do,

I have need, O Youth, of you."With voices calling clear and loud; And

eyes had "Come join our song! Come sing our But Youth heard not,—his

lay! seen, senses revelled in a dream.We live and laugh and love, today!"His

Temptation urged, "We'll join them, He saw himself a leader proud, friend, A King amongst that reckless crowd;

I have a thousand francs to spend."He'd go their way, of Life he'd learn,

Then with persuasion whispered he. And when he'd seen enough, he'd turn

"I know the way, come follow me, And bring them back, yes, every one.

Together we will drift along To where their journey had begun.

And join this singing, joyous throng. For Truth there waiting still would be

Their way is t'ward the City Bliss, To guide them through Eternity.

You'd give your soul, they say, for this."Temptation, smiling, led the way

To join the crowd of singers gay.The Youth turned eyes of beauty keen

Upon the grandeur of the scene,

And longing filled his youthful heart Youth neared the throng, his head

Of that mad throng to be a part. erect,

For he must seem of the elect.

One step toward eternal woe, To show them all a King he'd make

Temptation bade him onward gc If they would but his guidance take.

But by his side a friend in need But what was that? A woman sank

Cried, "Do not thus the Tempter heed, Upon the rosestrewn river bank.

For his real plan you'll never know

Until disgraced by those below. It seemed to Youth the crowd should

Then. Youth, alas, 'twill be too late wait.

To seek for Heaven's redeeming gate. But what cared they to know her fate!

For sin and mock'ry enter not Some turned and threw a mocking kiss,

The sacred realm of Heaven's plot.""We'll meet you at the City Bliss."

July. 1929/70 IMPROVEMENT ERA

She waved away Youth's proffered aid. And pointed to the heedless crowd

"Where wert thou going, Youth?''Far down Woe's course; with voice;

She laid loud, A withered hand upon his own, Still mocking, jesting on they went,

While from her lips escaped a moan. As though on demon's errand bent.

"You're not of us, your soul is free

To choose your path. You must He saw once more the City Bliss

leave me, A tawdry shell! "Would I for this

For I no longer care to go My soul forsake, my freedom give?

And join the crowd in Bliss below."My everlasting chance to live,

Achieve and love my fellowmen?

"Come thou with me,"Youth grandly If I do this, what have I then?"

said. "Nay, I am numbered with the dead."Youth drew his eyes away from Sin,

And turned, to see a light begin

The face she lifted to his own. To glow upon the woman's face.Was one where beauty once had shone; Her form now clothed with beauty's

But now the haggard, wasted look grace

Of sin and suff'ring, he mistook Was standing by his side, alightFor age. The call of Death was there, With beauty dazzling to his sight.

The hopelessness of deep despair. Youth recognized the soul within,

Fast sinking in Woe's seething tide,

With hands outstretched to Youth, she cried, "O Truth,"he cried, "how near to "If thou, O Youth, dost heed the call Sin for thee I'd nowOf him, the Tempter, thou wilt fall I came. And but

As I have done, and never rise At cruel Temptation's alter bow!"

To heights of Glory. Be thou wise,

Go back to Truth, thou still art free, Truth smiled and pointed to the light.

Go back! Or thou wilt be like me.""Do thou, O Youth, keep that in sight,

Let Truth and Wisdom guide thy

Temptation lingered, urging, "Son, way

Our way to Bliss has just begun."They lead to Everlasting Day."

Crosses Christ carried His cross to Calvary,

With his body bended, aching, sore.

He sipped the gall, the thistles wore;

For a sinning world the pain He bore.

When He carried His cross to Calvary.

We'll carry a cross to Calvary,

But because of pain the Master stood,

Ours may be fashioned of lighter wood.

He took the heavy one for man's good.

When He carried His cross to Calvary.

But many that go toward Calvary

Are not content with the cross of old.

They want one fashioned out of gold.

But, oh, it will cut and be hard to hold

As they journey on to Calvary.

Hollidau, Utah Helen M. Livingston

Messages from the Missions Centenary Celebration Held in Switzerland

As this year marks the one hunfor the occasion reached its climax on dredth anniversary of the restoration the 18th. 19th and 20th of May,

of the Priesthood to the earth, it has when a great celebration was held in been the special purpose of all conZurich for all members and friends in ferences held in the various districts of the three Swiss districts. As the pentethe Swiss and German Mission to stress costal holidays offered a very favorable

the importance of this great event. opportunity for carrying out the proThe elaborate program undertaken ject on a large scale, the regular semiMlSSIONARIES IN ATTENDANCE AT THE SWISSGERMAN CELEBRATION

Front row. left to right: Edwin H. Caldcr, mission superintendent of Sunday Schools and

M. I. A. organizations; Wm. A. McClellan, L. Garrett Myers, mission secretary, Lilly Wciersmuller.

President Fred Tadjc of the Swiss and German mission; Eliza W. Tadje, Juliane Lassig. Reed G. Probst,

president of the Zurich district; Elmer T. Houston. Second row: Richard Stratford, Clyde Randall. L.

Marcus Jensen, president of the Basel district; Ervine F. Smith. John R. Schaerrer. Max Zimmer. editor

of mission publications; T. Bowring Woodbury, A. H. Bagley, Alma Huber, Walter M. Home, W. Miles

Burgess, president of the Stuttgart district. Third row: Murray Mathis. Douglas B. Cutler, president of

the Bern district; C. M. Stutznegger. B. M. Victor Goold, Jr.. Samuel Keiser, Harold H. Frederick. Willard H. Dursteller, Z. Doyle Roundy, George J. Ross, president of the Frankfurt district. Back row:

Irvine O. Lindquist, Geo. B. Alder, Arnold Blauer, Abraham Bargaehr. Arthur B. Morgenegg. Adolf

Gysler, Henry P. Fetzer, Gottfried Bartlome. Walter Arm. Wayne J. Anderson, G. Chas. Liebelt.

July, 1929772 IMPROVEMENT ERA

annual conference of the Zurich diseditor of the mission publications, and trict was scheduled to be held on that L. Garrett Myers, mission secretary.

date in connection with the Priesthood Over 2,600 people attended the meetcelebration. The officers and teachers, ings, including a number of members

together with the members of the vafrom neighboring German cities and rious committees, labored diligently thirtyfive missionaries from Switzerand succeeded in making it the greatest land and parts of Germany.

event in the history of the Church The conference was given a great in this land. deal of publicity and many friends

An extremely interesting pageant, were present. Favorable comments by

depicting the events preceding and subthe press and the enthusiastic work of sequent to the restoration of the Priestthose who were in attendance will hood, was presented and appropriate doubtless result in allaying much of speeches were made. The rendition the existing prejudice against the

of the oratorio, "The Vision,"by the "Mormons."

combined choirs of the Basel and The BeeHive girls furnished the

Zurich branches contributed much to greater part of the entertainment at the the success of the occasion. The celebration and assisted in caring for

visitors included President Fred Tadje, the visitors.

of the Swiss and German Mission, The Boy Scouts of the Zurich and

Eliza W. Tadje, Pres. of Relief SoBern districts rendered efficient service

cieties and BeeHive work; Edwin H. at the depot, the meeting hall, and

Calder, general superintendent of the helped to make the affair a success.auxiliary organizations, Max Zimmer,—Walter M. Home.

President Widtsoe's Visit to the French Mission

During the latter part of March were present at this meeting. While

and the month of April the French Paris and high life have been made mission has profited greatly by having synonymous terms the world over our a member of the Council of the Twelve experience has shown us that for a and his family as guests. Pres. John large percentage of the people this

A. Widtsoe and party have just finished reputation is greatly exaggerated.

a tour of branches of our mission for The Lyon district, situated in the the purpose of encouraging and stimucenter of the great silk industry of lating the members and friends here. France, was next visited. Successful

The French mission comprises all meetings were held in Lyon, which of France and Belgium and the Frenchis the third largest city of France; in

speaking part of Switzerland. It has Grenoble, the scenic center of the

in its confines three peoples who, alFrench Alps; and in Ste Etienne, fathough they speak the same tongue, mous for its mines and manufacturing.

are nevertheless racially and temperaIn these cities Pres. Widtsoe's forceful

mentally different. This necessitates explanations of "Mormonism"won

distinct and varied Gospel approaches. many investigators for the Church.

President and Sister Widtsoe, acIn picturesque Southern France, companied by President Christensen of noted for its ancient Roman ruins, inthe French mission, made their first teresting meetings were held. Ar

visit to the Paris branch. This branch Nimes, Marseille and Montpellier,

is one of the youngest in our mission, many people gathered to hear the adhaving been opened only a little more dresses of the visitors, especially at than a year. The work, however, Montpellier, where there was a crowd

is progressing in this great cosmoof over three hundred persons present.

politan city. Many attentive people The missionaries of the Lyon, Swiss

July, 19 29 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 11\

? if - - *f t**Jkr 1- 1 / *tf *7fe iH 11 \yp U

/53I

BHHhLJ-Y

Missionaries in France Back row, left to right: Hansen. Brockb.ink. Emmet Berrett. Barker. Rands. Thalmap.

Bodily, Ross and Moser. Second row: Niblcy, Hathcock, Clark, Hart. Blood. Thomson. Knight.

Griffin, Holt (president Lyon district). Silver (President Marseille district), and Homer (president

of Swiss district). Seated: Evans (secretary European missions). Sister Widtsoc, President Widtsoc.

President A. O. Christenscn, Sister Babcock. C. O. Lees (superintendent French mission) and Bertoch

(secretary French mission). On floor: Martin, Widtsoc and Johnson, missionaries of Lyon. Swiss and

Marseille districts at Montpellicr.

and Marseille districts met in conferalso held at Neuchatel and Besancon.

ence at Montpellier and listened to Prescities of this district. At the last

ident Widtsoe's counsel for the efnamed city, President Fred Tadjc of fective preaching of this great message. the SwissGerman mission was in atSister Widtsoc instructed the elders tendance.

concerning the auxiliary organizations, Liege was the scene of a conference giving some good motherly advice. for the entire Belgium district, the

Sister Maud May Babcock, also a largest and oldest district in our mismember of the party, gave some desion. Special conferences of the Sunlightful readings in dialects. Each day Schools. Relief Societies, and

elder rendered his testimony of the Priesthood quorums were held. Prodivinity of the work and of the programs featuring the work were given,

gress being made. all of which were very commendable.

At Geneve, the headquarters of the Much credit is due to the elders of the

French mission, the members gave a district and to the Relief Society who large fete directed by the Relief Sopresented a pageant depicting the spirit ciety of the branch. The following of the Relief Society and its fourphase

Sunday a special Relief Society meeting purpose. President and Sister Widtsoe

was held with Sister Widtsoc. At and President Christensen were the

night President Widtsoe addressed a principal speakers at these conferences.

large audience on the philosophy of A long to be remembered missionary "Mormonism,"which discourse was conference was held with the elders of well received. Large meetings were the Paris and Belgian districts. After

July. 19 29774 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the missionaries had rendered spirited It was with great regret that we testimonies, President Widtsoe, in a bade goodbye to the Widtsoes in frank, fatherly way, explained the neBruxelles. They have indeed accomcessity of correct habit formation in plished much good in our mission.

missionary life. Many interesting press articles have

Before leaving this part of Belgium been published concerning their visit the president visited the chapels now and the subject of "Mormonism"in being erected at Liege and Seraing. general. President Widtsoe and his

Inspiring meetings were held in Vermotto, "When you have something to viers, Bruxelles and Charleroi. While do, do it and get it over with,"is sure

in Charleroi President Widtsoe asto live in the memory of the missionsisted at a baptismal service at which aries and L. Rees, supermembers.—C.

ten souls were baptized into the intendent of auxiliary organizations of

Church. the French mission.

Spring Conference in Stockholm, Sweden

Elder Hugo M. Erickson, secretary district was held in Stockholm, March

of the Swedish mission, sends us the 29, 30, 31, and April 1, 1929, with following: an attendance of 1,328 people. The

Spring conference of the Stockholm hall was beautifully decorated with

missionaries of the Stockholm District, Sweden

Sitting, left to right: Mission Secretary Hugo M. Erickson. Mission President Gideon N. Hulterstrom, Sister Signe L. Hulterstrom. and Willes B. Hulterstrom. Standing: Howard I. Childs, Knut

A. J. Brandt, Arthur E. Britzell, Sister Anna E. P. Brandt. Kenneth F. Frederickson, Willard A.

Erickson. Wilford E. Hokanson. Emil C. Ottensen. Roy W. Oscarson. and John Paul Adamson.

July, 1919 MESSAGES PROM THE MISSIONS 775

spring flowers, which added their baptisms would soon be performed.

splendor and fragrance, and blended During the conference, a baptismal harmoniously with the inspiring spirit service was held for one sister who had which prevailed throughout the confound the truth.

ference. The testimonies borne of the The choir of 45 voices rendered

divinity of this latterday work, as songs of Zion in a praiseworthy manwell as the instructions given, gave ner, and thereby added to the effectiveencouragement to Saints and investiness of the occasion. As a special

gators. The missionaries present exclosing feature of the conference, the

pressed their joy in the Gospel and choir gave a concert on April 1, which manifested a determination to serve the was indeed inspiring. The chapel was

Lord with all their might, mind and filled to capacity, and at the close of strength. the concert, the Saints and friends

Reports were given by the elders expressed their appreciation of the which showed that the work of the choir's rendition of the beautiful songs

Lord is progressing, and that more of Zion.

London District Spring Conference

Many people had the opportunity the addresses of President Lund and in of becoming acquainted for the first the principles of the Gospel as enuntime with the principles of "Mormonciated by the missionaries and local ism"as a result of the London district brethren and sisters called upon to semiannual conference held April speak. As a result of the conference

14. 1929, at the Kensington Town the missionaries have received several

Hall, Kensington. W. 8. Many thouinvitations to the homes of prominent

sands of others had the message of people to explain the Gospel, and the Gospel called to their attention by greater interest is manifest in the work the hundreds of large posters which generally.

were placed in prominent locations on The missionaries of the London disthe billboards throughout this most trict have been very fortunate in exclusive residential section of Lonmaking a good and true friend in the don's West End and by the thousands person of Mr. William Goodair. Mr.

of handbills and tracts that were disGoodair, since becoming acquainted tributed from door to door the week with the missionaries and the princi before the conference took place. The pies of the Gospel, has been untiring

posters and handbills challenged the in his defense of both. His efforts to

eyes with the large red letters, "What place in a true light the work of the is Mormonism,"and underneath all missionaries and to allay the unwere invited to hear the truth at the founded prejudice1 which exists even meetings at which President A. Wilin the higher levels of London society

liam Lund of the British mission in which he mingles, is a work that would be in attendance. is of great worth to the cause of truth

The feature of all three sessions of in this metropolis.

conference was the number of investiThe most recent of his long series gators and friends present and the of good works was the arranging of widely representative types and in- a dramatic recital which was given by terests of London's life. People from Sister Maud May Babcock. department

the highest level of society and repre of speech of the University of Utah.

sentatives of the commonly called Sister Babcock. stopping in London on

"man of the street"mingled with the the last part of an aroundthe-world

Saints in a truly cosmopolitan gathertour, offered her services gratis to be ing. Great interest was manifest in used for any worthy purpose. Mr.

July. 1929776 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ELDERS OF THE LONDON DISTRICT

Sitting, in front: Howard A. Thorn, Springville; Ferrell N. Beckstead. Preston, Idaho: David H.

Huish, Douglas, Ariz. First row: Richard K. Knight, clerk of the London district. Salt Lake City:

Clifton G. M. Kerr, secretary and treasurer of the British mission, Tremonton; A. William Lund,

president of the British mission; Sister Josephine B. Lund, president of Relief Societies of the British

mission, Salt Lake City; John L. Clarke, president of the London district, American Fork; Gwendolyn

Lund, daughter of President and Sister Lund. Second row: William T. Mathie, Huntington; William

T. Knapton, Salt Lake City; Jessco C. Nixon, Salt Lake City; D. Wayne Thorne, Brigham City;

Harold B. Rowell, Murray; Milford A. Piggott, Ogden; James B. Harvey. Kaysville. Back row:

Eugene Romney, Jr., Duncan. Ariz.; June E. Bartlett, Price; Myron D. Bitton. Blackfoot. Idaho:

William M. Faulds, Salt Lake City; Alton A. Linford, Thayne, Wyoming.

Goodair in conjunction with Mrs. During an intermission between the

Macdonnell, the founder* of the Crusecond and third acts, Miss Babcock saders of St. George, arranged for the was presented with two beautiful

recital which took place at the palatial floral tributes, as well as with a poem home of Lady Beecham, 19 Grosvenor composed in her honor by Mr. Bernard

Square, the heart of London's MayJolivard, which emphasized the value fair. Professor Babcock gave a delightof strengthening the bond of "hands

ful interpretation of Bernard Shaw's across the sea."At the close of the

Caesar and Cleopatra before an audirecital Elder Milford A. Piggot played

ence of 250 which included representhe "Star Spangled Banner,"followed tatives from the Corp Diplomatique by "God Save the King."

of several countries, the Army, perThe missionaries of the London sonages of title and practically all district were all in attendance, as was aspects of London Society. President and Sister Lund of the BritMv. 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 777

ish mission. The proceeds of the Goodair in speaking of the recital said

concert went to the building of homes he felt sure that the example of Miss for the disabled officers and men of the Babcock in offering her services free great war, which is the work the Crufor so worthy a British cause could saders are engaged in. not fail to strengthen the friendship

A few days previous to this Recital, between Great Britain and America.

Mr. Goodair gave an "At Home"for and we as missionaries are sure that

Sister Babcock at the Royal Automothis event will prove of great worth to bile Club, and there many people of the work in which we are engaged.

distinction and rank had the pleasure John L. Clark, president of London

of making her acquaintance. Mr. district.

SelfImprovement and SelfCriticism

Selfimprovement depends on selfcriticism. The conceited person who

thinks there is no room in himself for improvement never improves because the motive for improvement is lacking.

Most of us sadly need to improve our minds. Our brains are not so clear

as they should be, nor so keen. We do not enjoy the best books. We are not

advancing in knowledge. We are not learning each year to think to better

purpose, to speak more convincingly and helpfully.

The improvement of our minds calls for careful and regular reading and study. It means also the avoiding of taking into our minds gossipy conversation that can do us no good.

And all of us need to improve our spiritual natures. We are not so kind,

unselfish, loving, as we should be. Our courage fails, our faith falters, our*

ideals grow earthy, our ambitions grow mean. We live as if we were to abide

on the earth forever, instead of leaving it in a few short years.

The improvement of the soul requires more care than all other improvements. It requires the scriptures and prayer, the church and all its aids, and

carefully selected friends and a close companionship with God. Frank Herbert

Sweet.

An Evening Prayer Both of my babies are sleeping.

My treasures are safe and at rest.

Breathing so softly and sweetly,

The birds now secure in their nest.

Cuddled down warm in their blankets.

Heads pillowed on chubby round arms.

Faces serene in their sleeping,

No worry is theirs, no alarms.

Innocence, purity, sweetness.

Is given me here to keep rare.

Help me and guide me, dear Father.

To keep safe these gifts, is my prayer.

Scipio, Utah NONA H. BROWN

The New Improvement Era Beginning with the November issue, anyway for me not to say anything to there will be a new Improvement Era. President Woodruff about it until you

The announcement, made at the June write him fully on the whole matter.

conference of the longconsidered and You are at liberty to say to him thai now completed plan of combining the you had mentioned the matter to me

Young Woman's Journal and the Imand that I had referred you to him and provement Era, has created much fawas favorable to an enterprise such as vorable enthusiasm. It is a consumis suggested by Dr. Penrose.

mation desired for many years by "Another suggestion: Sisters E!

thousands of people throughout the mina Taylor, Maria Y. Dougall and

Church, though the parents of the Mattie Home Tingey are the presJournal will doubtless experience the idents of the Y. L. M. I. A. through

same feeling of sadness which comes to out the Church. I think it would bo

all fathers and mothers when a cherwise for you to consult freely with ished daughter is given in marriage them in relation to this matter and and changes her name. enlist them in the cause and together

To a very great extent the work of with them mature all the plans necesthe M. I. A. is the same for both men sary for the proper beginning and sucand women. Their objective is idencessful conducting of the enterprise."

tical, and the steps leading thereto are The result of this correspondence at least parallel. Naturally, publishing and subsequent consultation was the

two magazines has resulted in dupliYoung Woman's Journal, which Sister cation of effort and a corresponding Gates edited and managed until the loss of energy. This in the future will burdens became too onerous for one

be conserved. person to bear, when she relinquished

There are before us, while this is the management but remained as being written, original letters bearing editor for a number of years.

on the history of the Young Woman's From the beginning, the magazineJournal. One is from Dr. Romania has been well edited. An account ofB. Penrose, the other from President

its history and activities will appear inJoseph F. Smith, both addressed to

a subsequent issue in greater detail thanSister Susa Young Gates, who at the would be possible here.time was filling a mission with her

editor, Elsie Talmagehusband in Hawaii. President Smith's The present

communication acknowledges receipt Brandley, is a brilliant young woman, it is a pleasure to note that sheof a letter from Sister Gates in which and she asks for advice as to the advisability will be so closely associated with the is sure to contribute aof creating a monthly journal to reprenew Era. She

sent the interests of the Y. L. M. I. A. great deal to the future success of the

We quote the following from this magazine.

letter which is dated August 10, 1888: It would not be proper to omit

"I have been a cripple with sciatica from this brief review the name of for nearly a month and have been off Junius F. Wells, who put his heart

duty away from the brethren, and am and means, almost his life's blood, into not now in a position to consult with the Contributor, which was the forethem before writing. I think it better runner of the Era. We shall have

July, 1929 EDITOR'S TABLE 779

more to say of that vigorous and all would never have survived its inpraiseworthy magazine later. fancy.

Neither can we forget the outstand And in this connection, Era readers ing work done by B. H. Roberts, first will think reverently of the late Ededitor of the Improvement Era, not ward H. Anderson, that patient, inPresident Heber J. Grant, its first busidustrious and able worker who, first

ness manager, and Thomas Hull, his under direction of President Joseph F.

associate. Without the courage and Smith and afterwards under President

faith of these men, the paper would Heber J. Grant, did the real editorial

never have been born, or if born at work.—C.

Smile Posts of Satisfaction By Dr. John A. Widtsof

Out of the spirit and perspective of the life; a new commandment; prothe mission field has come a book uncrastination is the thief of time; servder the above title. It is a series of ice; feeding the multitude; strive to

messages addressed primarily to misenter in; wise men; life's morning; thk

sionaries, but of universal truth and, joy of life; judge not; our enemies;

therefore, applicable to every human temper; be doers; the corn of wheat;

life. It abounds in noble sentiments doing things; rafts and steamboats:

and wise counsel, helpful along life's who shall be the greatest; the Beatijourney, couched in simple and often tudes; what manner of men should

eloquent language, and reinforced by ye be; soldiers of the cross; tempta-

a wealth of quotation from the tion; the gardens of Eden and Geththinkers of all ages. It instructs and semanc.

stimulates. It is good reading. The author of this valuable book is

Mile John P. Lillywhite, veteran and sucposts—road markers—we

know well enough, every life has them, cessful missionary and mission presibut smile of rejoicing dent, now presiding over the Netherposts—places are not so common, more is the pity. lands mission. In full consonance with

The 28 smile posts, each complete the spirit of missionary endeavor, the within itself and, therefore, easy readbook, which is beautifully printed ing, are: The missionary; let the and bound, is sold at the cost of proglory of God be your ideal; idle duction and postage. It is a good

words; prayer; the Lord's prayer; the book for Latterday Saints and all

light of men; the way, the truth and others to read.

My Belief

There is no death, nor can there be,

No death, but life eternally;

No sudden ending of your love.

No bitter loss, just bliss above.

Just life beyond in other lands.

Just love as we go hand in hand.

There is no death, nor can there be,

No death, but life eternally.

GENEVIEVE SELANDER.

PRIES

Matters in this department pertaining to the Melchizedek Priesthood are prepared under direction of the Council of the Twelve; those pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood under

direction of the Presidina Bishopric

Melchizedek Priesthood Quorums

Suggestive Items for Reports Fourth Month Committee on Class Instruction

The attendance at the Sunday GosOther works on scientific, literary, and pel Doctrine class has continued the all other useful subjects should be sesame as during the past month. All cured as the means of the brethren will

the brethren except four are now in warrant.

regular attendance. We have purchased a very excellent

Elder of atlas and a general history of the this quorum has been appointed as class world. The Lord has said:

instructor. We all realize his peculiar "And I give unto you a commandfitness for this position. ment that ye shall continue in prayer

With the approval of the presidency and fasting from this time forth.

of the quorum our librarian has sub- "And I give unto you a commandscribed for several current magazines ment that you shall teach one another which add to our library. However, the doctrines of the kingdom."Doc.

we take this opportunity to suggest and Cov. 88:7679.

that it is well for each member of the Elder is quorum to build up a good reference appointed to speak to us tonight, his library at home. Each home should subject being: "The Pearl of Great

have the standard works of the Church Price, What it is and How it was Oband as many other books on Gospel tained."

subjects as they are able to obtain.

Committee on Church Service Methods in Stake or Ward Missionary a. By study.

Work. b. By experience.

The committee may outline plans to 2. Practice in expressing fundbe followed in carrying forward misamental principles within

sionary work among nonmembers of the quorum or group, and the Church resident within the stake as occasion presents opporor ward. The following is merely tunity, in Sunday School

suggestive: classes and public meetings.

I. Preparation for missionary service, 3. Assembling of convincing

reasons and illustrations to A. Cultivation of the missionary

reenforce exposition of Gosspirit.

pel doctrine. 1. By love of fellowmen.

2. By humility and prayer. 4. Assembling of literature and

B. Preparation of the message. material for study and ako

1. Acquisition of the fundafor presentation to persons

mental principles of the visited.

Church. C. Investigation and study of atti78juiy, 1929 PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS

tudc and environment of perbe devoted to a report of the committee sons to be visited, where such on this subject. After careful considercourse is feasible. Knowing the ation of it, the committee may recomperson as well as possible bemend that the entire group, or certain

fore presenting the message. members of it, tender their service to

The foregoing topics may be asthe bishop or to the president of the signed, with the approval of the quostake or to such organized body as may rum president or the presiding officer be charged with the responsibility of of the group, to committee or quorum carrying on missionary work among members for presentation and discusnon-members in the district.

sion. At least one meeting may well

Committee on Miscellaneous Activity

The committee could bring recomquorum. They are to choose up sides

mendations on some outdoor activity for this game.

for members of the quorum, during In the evening all members of the the month of May: such as a baseball Melchizedek Priesthood quorums with

game between members of the elders'their wives and companions might quorum of the ward and members of meet on the lawn of a member where the seventies. This might be followed a lawn social could be held, including

with a horseshoe pitching contest begames, and a program. Light refreshtween members of the high priests'ments could be served.

Committee on Personal Welfare Recommend as an intellectual aclend them to others who have not, or tivity the reading of The Strength of one may be appointed to present the

Being Clean, by David Starr Jordan, important items to the quorum or or some other valuable and appropriate group at a regular meeting.

pamphlet. All who have copies may

A Real Investment [This talk on tithing was given by a priest of the Garvanza ward, Hollywood stake, at the sacramental meeting on May 12. 1929. This boy prepared his subject himself, and is not a

college boy. He is assisting in the support of h is widowed mother]

If one of your friends came to you We have innumerable testimonies of and told how you could invest your people who have tried this out and money so that it would be absolutely who testify they have been paid back sure of bringing a big dividend and a hundred fold.

your holdings were increasing all the Only ten per cent of our income is time, would you take it? required to bring us this assured divi-

I can tell you of an investment dend. We look at a little dime, but

which nets us an income daily, and if that little dime represents all that is you are of an open mind, and will look asked of us out of that great, big dollar.

for these daily returns, you can easily Can't we do it? Of course we can.

recognize them at the close of each day. No joy comes to our hearts like the

God has promised us that the windows giving of that tenth, for we know that of heaven shall be opened, and we will it is written in the record of heaven not be able to contain all the gifts he and God will be, and always is. ready

has to bestow, if we make this investwith his rewards.

ment, which is termed in our Church. We, as members of Garvanza ward,

"Tithing."or I might say Hollywood stake, have

July, 1929782 IMPROVEMENT ERA

just recently been recipients of a big blessings of the Lord will come to dividend from our tithes, seeing our them in unexpected ways.

beautiful stake house completed. Our We are proud of our Garvanza

tithes have come back to us doubly. ward, as it stands second to none in the

We think of it standing there, a mute payment of tithing. Let us keep up

testimony and evidence of the great the good work and support the best of effort and sacrifice of a people who ward leaders, our Bishop Hoglund, have appreciated the goodness of the thereby relieving him of any anxiety

Lord. that might attend the nonpayment of

If we want to know further where our tithes.

our tithes and offerings are expended, This morning I heard a mother say we have only to read the opening adto her son, "The most wonderful gift dress of President Heber J. Grant at you can give to me is to make me

the last semiannual conference, in a proud of you."The best way to

powerful address to the Saints there make our mothers proud of us is to gathered. He praises the Saints for pay our tithing, thereby receiving the

their efforts, promising them that their Lord's blessings and guidance in makstorehouses shall be filled, and the ing ourselves successful.

Field Notes

Aaronic Priesthood Centenary Celebration

The accompanying description of able to deliver his talk intelligently.

the preparation made for the one hunWe selected boys and young men to dredth anniversary of the restoration deliver these talks who had no previous of the Aaronic Priesthood in the Garexperience, as we wish to develop our vanza ward, of the Hollywood stake, boys who are backward and retiring as is so excellent and interesting that it is well as those who push themselves forpresented here for the information of ward. All the boys did exceptionally

all connected with the work of the well. It was an inspiration to those

Aaronic Priesthood. Bishop Albin who were in attendance. A former

Hoglund writes as follows: The promission president and an exstake presgram for the Aaronic Priesthood celeident were among those present. Both

bration as outlined by the Presiding said it was the finest thing they had

Bishop's Office was carried out so sucwitnessed anywhere.

cessfully in the Garvanza ward that I The pageant and program as outthought you might be interested in the lined for Tuesday evening was carried way it was planned and carried out. out Wednesday, May 15, which was

We hold a monthly meeting in just one hundred years from the day which the affairs of the ward are disthat the Priesthood was restored.

cussed with the auxiliary organization Elder James E. Talmage of the Counheads and the Priesthood officers. We cil of the Twelve was present and

find that a meeting of this kind tends expressed himself as being well pleased to promote harmony in the organizawith the program. We followed your

tions. We realize how much we need outline and feel that all credit should

each other; how necessary it is that we go to those who prepared it. It was

cooperate in carrying on the work of fine.

the Lord. At this meeting the Aaronic

Priesthood program was submitted to We also took advantage of this opthe workers and each officer was given portunity to ordain all eligible boys the responsibility of assisting a boy in to the office of deacon, teacher or priest the preparation of his subject, and was I believe the memory of the occasion also expected to see that the boy was will remain with them always.

.

July. 1929 PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 781

Celebration—Germ anAustrian Mission

A grand celebration of the one hun- I am happy to say that throughout dredth anniversary of the restoration the GermanAustrian mission we hold of the Aaronic Priesthood was held by a weekly Priesthood meeting and I do the GermanAustrian mission in Leipnot know how we could get along sic, Germany, on the 17th, 18th and with our work if this meeting were to 1 9th of May. It consisted of an elabbe suspended.

,, r, orate program covering the three days,,, T.,.....

1S hel( conjointly with the Rewith a pageant and other important. * J h ef Society.for opening exercises and features, and was attended by a large u separation for department work, gathering of people, including many of $fn

ls plan, having a weI! triedout the missionaries in that Presmission. Jbeehls n in. nearly P/tion two now for ident the results that Valentine reports J We are also using were very satisfactory. He writes furand onehalf years.

t"e suggestlve lesson plan of parttime ther as follows- "Many thanks for your suggestive * consideration of the work to be done h? the P""thood and the otheroutline of activity for the Aaronic

Priesthood in the wards and stakes of portion to give consideration to the

Zion as well as in the mission fields. theory or doctrinal lessons."

Faith Without Works is Dead "O ye of little faith, why stand in doubt,

Can you not see that love's the cause

Of every act, that nothing moves without?

That every truth is based on laws:

Without a cause the world would cease to move,

The sun and moon would never shine,

Life were not worth the living without love,

Death (without hope and faith ) were yours and mine.

There is no limit to the strength and power

Of faith and hope (love's willing slaves)

We but exist unless dear love is ours,

This principle of life is all that saves.

"All things are possible if we believe;"

Doubting, we fail ere we begin;

deceive, Why entertain a doubt—ourselves We must believe if we would win.

"And now abide faith, hope and love, these three,"

And an eternal life ahead;

Without these attributes we are not free

To the extent we lack, are dead

Increase your faith, hope, love, while it is day,

While it is day, walk in the light.

All these material things will fade away,

The day's far spent, soon comes the night.

Membership in churches cannot save us,

Too often they provide excuse to shirk.

Mere faith alone can but deprave us, "But if ye love me, ye will do my work."

M. M. Johnson.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT The June Conference Enlivened by an interesting wedwas paid a tribute when the congregading, the June conference, held on the tion arose to show him honor. He

7th, 8th and 9th, has passed into spoke of the love he has always felt for history. the M. I. A. work and the joy of his

M. I. A. workers from all parts heart when witnessing the growth

of the Church were in attendance. which has come to members of the

They formed a group of alert and fororganization. During the World War,

wardlooking people, intent upon rehe said, a death occurred among the ceiving suggestions which would betsoldiers being trained in the Northter qualify them for their important west. No chaplain was available, and

work. the commanding officer asked if there

General Superintendent George Alwere any "Mormons"present who had bert Smith opened the conference, exbeen on missions. Seven men stepped

tended a welcome to the hundreds out of the line, any one of whom was who were present and through them capable of conducting the services in is characsent greetings to the hundred thousand a creditable manner. That

members of the organization. He exteristic of our young men.

plained the mission of the M. I. A., The subjects taken up during the

as it has been defined by the leaders conference were treated by men and of the Church, and which has been women who have specialized on the clearly set forth in the words, "The subject they were discussing: The

wholesome use of leisure time."The singing was inspirational. No father

speaker showed that our ideals arc could hear the Boy Scouts of Granite largely formed and to a great extent stake sing "Dear Old Dad"without lived up to or abandoned during feeling a determination to be a better leisure hours. He concluded his brief pal to his boy and a kinder father and

remarks with a strong appeal for husband than he had ever been before.

righteousness. This chorus was led by Sister Lucy

President Ruth May Fox expressed Freebairn and was worthy of special her love for the M. I. A. work, her mention, as, indeed, all items on the

deep appreciation of the hospitality of program were.

the people in the wards and stakes, The testimony meeting held in the and expressed the thought that there Assembly Hall Sunday morning was are no sacrifices to be made in the a foretaste of heaven and will not

Church; they are all privileges. Sister soon be forgotten by those who were

Fox paid a splendid tribute to Sister present.

Tingey, recently released, as did many The contests drew forth keen comother speakers during the conference. petition and were of such quality that

Sister Martha H. Tingey was moved the judges were confronted with an

to tears as the great congregation sponextremely difficult task in selecting the taneously arose with her when she winners. To gain second place, therestood up to speak. It was a significant fore, was a distinct honor. The final

tribute of love to a faithful worker. results were as follows:

President Heber J. Grant likewise Orchestra: Union ward, East JorJuly. 1929 MUTUAL WORK 785

dan stake, first; Fillmore First ward, Dance: Third ward, Brigham

Millard stake, second. City, Box Elder stake, first; Third

Mixed Double Quartet: Sugar ward, Idaho Falls, Idaho Falls stake,

House ward, Granite stake, first; Gar second.

land ward, Bear River stake, second. Drama: Second ward. Idaho Falls

Gleaner Girls'Speaking contest: stake, first; Third ward, Pleasant

Muriel Christensen, Spanish Fork Grove. Timpanogos stake, second.

Fourth ward, Palmyra stake, first, Playwriting contest: Mrs. Morwith the subject "The mansions of gan McKay, Panguitch, first; Miss

our soul;"Elthea Snowball, Randolph Delia Morrell, Logan, second.

ward, Woodruff stake, second, her subEssay-writing contest: Y. L. M. I.

ject being "Moulding our lives."Searle. representing Taylor A.—Elda

first; Marie Thorne, Box Elder M Men Speaking contest: Melvin stake,

Hyde Ridges, Eleventh ward, Ensign stake, second.

stake, first, with "Dishonest America"Y. M. M. I. Aslett. A.—Marvin

as his subject; Charles McKell, Fourth representing Portncuf stake, first; Kenward, Palmyra stake, second, with the neth Rosenlof, Los Angeles stake,

subject, "An international mind in the second.

interest of international good will."Some of the addresses which were

Ladies'Double Trio: Fourth ward, made and the detailed instructions

Provo, Utah stake, first; Willard given will be presented in a subsequent

ward, Box Elder stake, second. issue, in order that they may be fresh

Male Quartet: Milton ward, Morin the minds of M. I. A. workers as

gan stake, first; Capitol Hill ward, Salt they arc about to commence their

Lake stake, second. season's activities.

Sunday Evening Conjoint Program

The joint committee to whom the (a) An appreciation of things duty of preparing these programs has spiritual.

been assigned suggests that the youn (b) The beauty that comes to men furnish the numbers in the August life through clean thinkmeeting and the young ladies in Seping.

tember. (c) Development of a testiTen-minute talk on some phase of mony preparatory for a

the book, Moral Teachings of the mission.

New Testament, or a tenminute re- 2. Intellectuality.

view of one of the characters in Cap- (a) Joseph Smith said. "The

tains of Industry, by a male member Glory of God is Intelliof the Adult Department. gence."

(b) Importance of an educa- M Men's Aims and Activities tion.

(c) The satisfaction which is a foursquare fellow; comes into one's life An M Man

that is, he is balanced through an acquaintance (a) Spiritually. with the lives of great

(b) Intellectually. men a n d a familiarity

(c) Socially. with the books of great

(d) Physically. minds.

Two tenminute talks should be II. On the Aim of M Men Socially

given on the following subjects: and Physically.

1. The M Men socially. I. On the Aim of M Men Spirituallv

and Intellectually. (a) In athletics. (See para-

1. Spiritually. graph on page 263 of the

July. 19 29 786 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hand Book entitled (e) Boy No. 5 will give the mean

"Character First.") ing of the "Insignia"as given on pagf

(b) Music and literature. 285 of the Hand Book.

(Drama, music, public (f) Boy No. 6 will read the paraspeaking, debating.) graph on "Traditions"as given on

(c) Socially. M Men's banpage 286 of the Hand Book.

quets, hikes, picnic Male Quartette: Contest or Similar

parties, cooperation of Number.

fathers and sons'outJunior Department ings. (See page 255 of A Scout will repeat the following the Hand Book.) 1.

Scout prayer:

Vanguard Department "Help me, dear Lord, to be a scout who loves the open air;

A group of six boys will repreWhen I go to the home of bird or sent the Vanguard Department. This beast, may I find contentment

group will stand before the congregathere.

tion. Help me to find the trail of life and to

(a) Boy No. 1 will repeat the follow it straight and true;

Vanguard Slogan: When the day is done, may the sink-

"Friendship is Golden."ing sun, remind me, dear Lord, of

A Vanguard never reaches his final you.

goal; he seeks new fields to conquer, And when the campfire's glow is

and his ambition to attain new heights gone, and the stars are shining will not admit defeat. He is consistent bright,

in his efforts to qualify for real service; May thy heavenly love, from up

he is "Always Ready."above, protect me through the

(b) Boy No. 2 will read the meannight."

ing of the word "Vanguard"as given 2. Patrol of eight boys will then

on page 284 of the Hand Book. stand and repeat the Scout promise.

(c) Boy No. 3 will read the "Pur- 3. Twelve Scouts will then stand,

pose of the Vanguards"as given on each one repeating a Scout law and pages 284 and 285 of the Hand Book. what it means, as given in the Scout

(d) Boy No. 4 will read the handbook.

"Watch Word"as given on page 285 4. The Scouts will then carry

of the Hand Book. through the flag ceremony.

Mutual Hour on the Radio Reports from various parts of the features. A rare opportunity is ofChurch indicate that the Sunday afterfered to gain valuable information and

noon Mutual Hour over K S L is an suggestions.

effective contribution to the M. I. A. The series of spokenword and muprogram of summer work. The sugsical presentations will continue each

gestion made in the Era for June that Sunday afternoon from 4 to 5, standgroups be formed in homes for the ard mountain time, until July 14, radio programs has been followed to when a new series will begin, covering some extent, according to reports, but the following thirteen weeks. The

not as generally as was expected. programs will continue to reflect M. I.

The suggestion is renewed that ward A. objectives but will be along entirely

officers and group leaders take the different lines. A special radio cominitiative in planning to have as many mittee is now completing plans for the

M. I. A. members as possible take adnew presentations which will be devantage of these excellent educational veloped around a central theme. The

July. 1929 MUTUAL WORK 787

theme will be presented in word and tunity to make weekly contacts with at music and promises to be of unusual least a part of the members of the orinterest. ganization and can be made to assist in

preserving the organization spirit durMutual Radio Hour offers an opporing the summer months.

Canadian M Men Basketball Champions

President N. L. Mitchell, of the Raymond First ward Y. M. M. I. A., in

the Taylor stake, reports as follows:

"Here is a picture of our basketball boys, champions of the three Canadian stakes. These young chaps are all regular attendants at our M. I. A. meetings,

and not one of them smokes or disregards the Word of Wisdom in any other way. Twp of them are not members of the Church, but are drawn to us by

the opportunities which this organization offers in athletics, public speaking and the study of literature.

Canadian M Men Basketball Champions

Front row, left to right: A. Hague. B. Card. W. Van Orman. B. Nalder, R. Woolley. Back

row: N. L. Mitchell, president Y. M. M. I. A. Raymond First ward: G. Kirkham. captain; R. S.

O'Brien, coach: K. Hague; W. J. Van Orman, manager.

July. 1929788 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"I am deeply interested in these activities. They are keeping our young boys

off the streets and are giving them a proper sense of direction in which they should travel. The development which has come to one boy alone would richly

repay me for all the time I have spent in M. I. A. work.

"A short time ago I heard a prominent business man of our community, a nonmember of the Church, say at a public gathering: 'I am a college graduate,

but 1 would give all I possess if I were able to express my thoughts in public as your young men do who have been trained in the organizations of the

Church.'

In the Land of the Elk

Dr. A. I. Jensen, Bishop J. H. Jensen and W. L. Killpack

Three members of the Driggs, Idaho, Scout Troop. Note the elk in the background.

H. S. Alvord, Scout Executive packs, and they are all ready for the

Teton Peaks Council Boy Scouts of longest trails.

America, gives the following account "It has been a long time since I have of a trip into the Jackson's Hole been anywhere on a jaunt that 'filled country during the early part of April the bill'as did the one we took this of this year: week out of Driggs into the Jackson's

Hole country.

"If you want a real trip through a "We left Driggs Saturday morning real country with real men, go to with W. L. Killpack, 'Pa'Hill, Henry

Driggs and get some of those old scouts Jensen, Dr. A. I. Jensen and Bud Rigto go out with you into the mounby. We had four bobsleds, and there-

1 6 boys, including the band, intains. Those fellows carry their own were

July, 1929 MUTUAL WORK 789

the outfit. Across Teton pass at this The boys were all for seeing the 3,000

time of year, and through a snowhead of elk that are being wintered in storm, is an experience all by itself. Jackson's Hole, and as they are fed al-

"We stopped for lunch at Burmost in the town of Jackson, it was chard's place, and then we took the easy to get acquainted with the herd.

trail for the 8000foot top of the pass. The elk are in fine shape.

The snowstorm became a blizzard as "In all the fishing that was done we we climbed the mountain, but the boys caught nothing but big fish, and not took their share of the storm without very many of them. It was too cold.

a murmur. We got to Wilson about 4 Later in the season it would be fine

o'clock, and went at once to fishing. to go there. The trip across that pas-;

Scout Band Members

All Scouts and leaders are from Driggs. Idaho, with the exception of H. S. Alvord. Scout Executiv,

of Teton Peaks Council Boy Scouts of America.

The luck was poor. There had been a on our return was another fine few

turnin'of water from the lake, and hours.

the fish were not ready to take the air. "We hope that the Jackson's Hole

We caught only half a dozen. They Scouts will come into the Teton Peaks

would weight about 15 or 16 pounds, council as soon as they are ready for so you will see there were no minnows affiliation. That part of the country is

among them. the birthplace of so much that is fine

"The boys gave a smallsized conand clean and open, it seems natural cert while we were there, and promised that scouting should flourish there. We

to return Monday and give a real are glad to know that kind of people, show. Incidentally, they did when and glad many times over to be welthe time came, and there was a good comed by them.

turnout from the country 'round. "One unusual sight encountered

"Scout demonstrations were given at was met on the return trip over the

Jackson, and were backed by the pass when we met two new Ford cars

American Legion, which is actively being taken to Jackson's Hole on bobinterested in scouting at that place. sleds."

r \

Arrangements have been completed Augusta Winters Grant, wife of Preswhereby the Young Woman's Journal ident Heber J. Grant. Through the

and the Improvement Era arc to be courtesy of H. J. Plumbof, general

combined. The announcement made manager of the Oregon Short Line

at the June conference of this change, Railroad Co., Pres. Grant and his

has aroused greater interest than anyparty enjoyed the pleasure of making thing else which has occurred in M. I. the trip to Gering, Nebraska, and re-

A. circles for many years. Indeed, it turn in Mr. Plumhof's private car.

is one of the important happenings of Those making the trip, besides Pres.

the entire Church. This combination Grant and his wife, were Delia I.

goes into effect with the November Booth, Edith Grant Young and Joseph number. It will result in a considerAnderson, Pres. Grant's secretary. All

able saving to the membership of the members of the Church at Scott's Bluff

Church, and at the same time outand also the missionaries laboring in workers will receive, as heretofore, all that vicinity were guests at the banquet necessary information concerning their which was given on the evening prior duties in the Priesthood and in the to the unveiling of the marker. Mrs.

Mutual organizations. Financial gain Grace Anspoker, cousin of Pres. Grant,

is not the sole advantage of the amaldrove two hundred miles to attend the gamation. There will be added ability ceremonies. Sunday, the 26, ten

which can not result otherwise than in cars, furnished free by the Burlington an improved magazine. Never before Route, carried the crowd who wished

in the history of Church periodicals to attend the services at the grave The have so many talented men and women story of this pioneer martyr is a beausignified their willingness to contribute tiful and touching one. It will appear

articles. Literary gems of the first in detail, from the pen of Sister Auwater will appear. Subscriptions, to gusta Winters Grant, in an early numeither magazine, which run beyond ber of the Era.

October will receive the enlarged Era for the unexpired period. All who

Dr. Franklin S. Harris, president ofsubscribe for the new magazine before

the Brigham Young University, willOctober 10 will become charter sub22, for scribers and will receive a charter subsail from New York, on June Europe, in company with five other scription certificate. As the November scientists. The purpose of their visit issue is to be a special one and will be is to undertake the planning of a new in great demand, our readers are urged "Promised Land"for the Jews. To to send in their subscriptions early, Pres. Harris has come the honor ofotherwise they may be too late to reacting as chairman of this commission, ceive the first number. which will work under the direction of

* * * the Russian government and the Icor.

Sunday, May 26, an event of unan organization of Jews in this counusual interest took place at Scott's try which is assisting in this project for

Bluff, Nebraska. It was the unveiling the betterment of their people now

of a marker which had been placed on living in Russia. Dr. Harris has promthe grave of Rebecca Winters, who died ised to furnish articles to the Era on

while crossing the plains. Sister important matters which come under

Winters was the grandmother of his observation.

July, 1929 CHURCH EVENTS 791

PrimaryReligion Class Consoliefforts should be made to have all children of the Church attend, where feasible, a weekday. letter of the First Presidation—The as well as a Sunday, class to receive religious

dency that follows will be read with instructions.

we surmise with satisFurther information regarding the details of interest—and

the Church. The this suggested change may be had by applying faction—throughout

union of Primary and Religion Class to Joseph F. Merrill. Commissioner of Educa tion. or Sister May Anderson. President of

was effected, it will be seen, in order the Primary Association.

to insure unity of effort on the part of Sincerely Your Brethren, all concerned and provide opportunity Heber J. Grant.

for an effective weekday program in A. W. loins.

C. W. Nibley,

religious class work and training for First Presidency.

all our school children from kinder- * * * garten to the senior high school. It

the number of aged and is believed the name "Junior SemiAmong nary"will appeal to junior high school faithful Church members who have students and that this institution will died during recent weeks was Mrs.

satisfactorily fill the "tragic gap"Mary Wilcox, one of the early conthe ninth the weekday reverts to "Mormonism."She was in grade—in of the Church. This her 98th year, having been born in ligious program

6, is the letter: Whitbay, Upper Canada, June

1831, and died in Mt. Pleasant. Utah.

May 29. 1929 May 16, 1929. The Gospel was To Presidencies of Stakes.

Dear Brethren: brought to her by Parley P. Pratt,

Please be advised that we have approved the and she and other members of the recommendations of the General Church Board family readily accepted it, and afterof Education that the Primary and Religion wards moved to Missouri where they Classes of the Church for the children of the elementary grades of the public schools, kindershared in the persecution which was garten to the sixth grade, inclusive, shall be heaped upon the Saints. She drove

consolidated and the work be carried on under a yoke of cattle from Winter Quarters the auspices of the Primary Association which, to Salt Lake valley, arriving here Sepit has been decided, shall hereafter be known tember 29, 1847, in Elder John Tayas the PrimaryReligion Class of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. This lor's company. On one occasion Presorganization is given the responsibility of conident Taylor said to her: "Sister

ducting weekday classes in religion for the Mary, it isn't within the lids of any children of these elementary grades, in general history where another girl your age about ages five to twelve, inclusive.

Further, the General Church Board of Eduhas taken as active a part as you have cation, through the Department of Education, on this journey. You shall live as

is given the responsibility of conducting weeklong as life is desirable, and you shall day religion class work for the children of the become the mother of a great posChurch beginning with the seventh grade of terity."She was later married to John our public schools, in general about ages twelve

and up. These classes, it has been decided, Henry Wilcox, and eleven children

shall be known as junior seminary classes. were born to them. It was a source

Again, until otherwise determined, the Priof pride with her that she had a posmary-Religion Class organization shall have terity of more than 500. Sister Wiljurisdiction of the Seagull Girls, ages twelve

to fourteen, for leisuretime activities, other cox was a witness to the cricket invathan theological studies. In other words, these sion, and participated in the dangers

girls are assigned to the junior seminaries for of Indian uprisings, endured poverty weekday religion class work. and privation, assisted her father in

The purpose of these approved recommendagetting logs from the canyon for their tions is to insure harmony and cooperation in providing weekday religious instruction for first cabin and made the adobes for the all our children by making only one organichimney.

zation at a time responsible for weekday * * * religion class work. It is hoped that you and

all others concerned will heartily support the David Cazier, for nearly threeplan and aid in carrying it out. All reasonable quarters of a century a resident of

July. 1929792 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Nephi, Utah, died on the 1 9th of May, children, grandchildren and greatat the age of 95. He fought in the grandchildren.

Walker and Black Hawk Indian wars * * * and participated in the Echo Canyon Mrs. Elizabeth Robert Owens, the

campaign, filled missions at home and oldest resident of Franklin county.

abroad and was one of the stalwarts of Idaho, died June 3, at the age of 94 his community. years. Coming from Wales, where she

* * * and her family joined the Church, she

Another of the early settlers to pass crossed the plains in Col. Seth M.

on was George Hand, who died at Blair's company. Cholera broke out

it was well onSandy, Utah, May 27, at the age of in this company when died.eighty years. He participated in the its way and many of the travelers

ceremonies at Promontory point when She, too, leaves a large posterity of the two railroads which joined the grandchildren, greatgrandchildren and

East and West were connected. Brother one greatgreat-grandchild.

Hand was an active worker in the

Church. Soren Peter Sorenson, died May

26 in his 89th year. He was one

Erastus Perry Bingham, eightythree of the early settlers of Sanpete County, years old, and a pioneer of Weber was an Indian fighter, a scout, an exCounty, died in Ogden, June 4. His press rider and served the people espelife, like that of all other pioneers, was cially in their amusements, being an

an eventful one, full of what now apexpert dancer. Even at his advanced

pears to be romance and drama, but age, during the past winter, he enterwhich at the time were colorless hardtained the people with his fancy stepships. He leaves a large posterity of dancing.

Temples For man to build a temple made with hands,

The noblest tree that in the forest stands

Must fall before the woodman's axe and saw;

Destroying forms, to build anew, is Cosmic Law.

Man's body is his temple, built by thought,

For every virile thought must leave its trace;

Some day each soul shall ask, What hast thou wrought?

Can we this urgent question, fearless, face?

But "On the Heights"a nobler Temple stands,

Not built by mortal thought or human hands;

In which no sound of axe or tool was heard 'Twas spoken into Being by the Word.

With these two temples blended into one,

Attained is evolution's Real; goal—the

God's work and man's on this earth being done,

With other stars, God sets on this His seal.

Los Angeles, Cal. HERBERT L. JAMES

Elias Morris & Sons Co.

GEO. Q. MORRIS, Manager

Mantels, Tiles and Memorials Set in All Parts of the West

Write for Information

'Where the Fire Burns'21 West South Temple St., Salt Lake CityTUtah

IS A REAL OPPORTUNITY HERE

for yau to establish yourself in a paying business of your own. If you could make

$25 to $100 per day—sales to business men, bankers, merchants, railroads, etc.,

could you afford to consider such an offer? If you are hankering for $50 to $100

PER DAY, just address or call on me

F. B. WOOLLEY, JR., Phg., Manufacturing Chemist

422 31st St., Ogden, Utah

Woolley's Product for sale at The Owl Drug Co..

Salt Lake City, Utah

Your Future Bids You Prepare While you are yet young for the Great Opportunities which are sure to knock at your door Brigham Young University

Offers Hundreds of Courses in Five Colleges

APPLIED SCIENCE COMMERCE ARTS AND SCIENCES EDUCATION FINE ARTS Fall Quarter Begins September 16

Foundation Courses Leading to all the Professions are offered by a Strong Faculty (Member of the Association of American Universities)

The 192930 Catalogues are now out

Address Brigham Young University PROVO, UTAH

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the IiIk1iok< cIhmm of advertising. We recommend to our

Keiuler* the flruiN ami k"oi1m found in our ndvertlMlng; imik<-m

ADVERTISERS IIV THIS IgSUE

Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Fleischmann's Yeast

Bennett Glass & Paint Co. Keeley Ice Cream Co.

Boyd Park Jewelry Co. L. D. S. Business College

Brigham Young University Southern Pacific Lines DaynesBeebe Music Co.

Deseret Book Store Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Deseret News Utah Power & Light Co.

Klias Morris & Sons Zion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

A cow, it is estimated, moves her jaws 41,000 times each day.

It might be added that the cow has something to show for it at the end of the day. Christian Science Monitor.

Young Husband—"I did not marry you for your money, you

know, rather in spite of it. Money does not make happiness, in,

fact, the less money, the more happiness."Young Wife—"Then, darling, we shall be wonderfully happy

went bankrupt yesterday."Passing Show, London.—Daddy

Wedding Announcements

and Invitations

Be sure to see us before ordering your announcements or invitations. If you are unable to come in, don't hesitate to write for samples

and prices. You should entrust this work to a firm that assures you

the newest in style and correctness in taste. Our line is complete.

Printed, Process Embossed, and Engraved, Prices are right.

The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake Citv

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Teacher—"What do they call

the instrument the French use for beheading people?"Bobby—"The Gillette, I

think."Life.

"Was Maude in a bright red frock at the dance?"

ZC M..I UNIT SET CYCLORAMA STAGE. lt WARD "Some of her was; some of

her."Tit -Bits.

We Specialize in making op Stage Curtains and Prosperity is like parking space.

DraperiesThere is always plenty of it for the fellow that gets there first. Modern and np to the Minnte.

is equipped with the verySan Diego Union. Our work shop

latest appliances.

I. The upand-coming young Gall at Z. C. M.

man is pretty likely to succeed, Drapery Department unless he is up at four and just lit Our Decorator Give You an Estimate

FREE OF CHARGEcoming home. American Lumberman.

LET'S GO TO KEELEY'S to Eat""The Home of Good Things

For Breakfast,'Lunch, Dinner Light refreshments We Pack or Full Box Lunches Course Dinners for Outings foods Travel Lunches—Homelike

prepared by women cooks. 'Gems of Good Cookerv'

ICE CO. KEELEY CREAM

* 55 SaMain - 160 SaMain 260 Sa State -m/iers CandyDept.

5 Popular Stores

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

There is One T"* 1 "\ 7 1 safe Guide.o Diamond V alues

it is the name Boyd Park Jewelers to the people of Utah since 1862 and Up $50.00—$75.00—$100.00

Tune in on K. S. L. every Wednesday PVX LJ JTxVlJk.

the ami hear evening 1/.JEWELERS r values..i..... kby interestingnABoyd PariPark.talks on n:.,iDiamond t06 MAIN CITY STKECT SAU LAKE

It costs no more to buy here

It is always risky to give a man who can not control his own manpower fifty or seventyfive horsepower to—Bostoncontrol. Herald.

A happy marriage is one in which the husband makes an allowance for the wife, and the wife makes allowances for the husband.

t—VitrginianPilo

Scientists went clear to Manila, Philippine Islands, to see a total eclipse, when all they needed to do was to watch the groom at a wedding! American Lumberman.

ELECTRIC

SERVANTS Can now perform your household tasks at a cost which you will find to be no greater than the oldfashioned methods.

Our new combination rate makes this possible. We would be glad to explain it to

you fully.

GALL US

Utah Power & Light Company

Efficient Public Service

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

What's a Vacation Without Books?

M. I. A. Folks can get a lot of Profitable Pleasure this

Summer by Reading the Books Selected for the 192930 READING COURSE

Doctrine and Covenants $1.00

Life of Carl G. Maeser 1.50

The Book That Nobody Knows 1.00

A Lantern in Her Hand 2.00

The Southerner -- 1.00

Three Points of Honor 2.50

A Dove in the Eagle's Nest 1.25

The Drama (A Magazine) Subscription of Eight Numbers 3.00

These books will be sent postpaid if the money comes with the order.

Send Your Order Now to the sgDeseret Book Company 44 East On South Temple AmericanBaoksellers-

P. O. Box 1793 Salt Lake City, Utah Look fothilmbUm

FOR BETTER HEALTH

Yeast. It Is a Fleischmann's fresheat vegetable health food—a food—that indigestion, relieve clear eliminate constipation,will the shin and tone up the

system. Three cakes eaten daily either before or between meals will greatly

benefit your health. Thousands are adding It to their diet every day. Why not

you? Begin to eat it today.

Grocers can do a real service to ailing customers by recommending Fleischmann's

Yeastfor-Health. It will make them healthier and better customers. Calling

dally for their supply of Yeast gives the grocer a big opportunity to sell other groceries, too.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At all Grocers'

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "For the Adornment and Protection of All Surfaces"Use BENNETT'S "Property Life Insurance 55 PAINT PRODUCTS Buy them from your local dealer

MOUNTAINEER

IS OVERALLS MOUNTAINEER OVERALLS

Are made from finest quality Denim, guaranteed for quality, fit and service.

SOMETHING

DIFFERENT The Spring-O-All Suspender, no rubber to rot, nothing to wear out.

ERA OF IMPROVEMENT

The Beneficial has Played a Prominent Part in Life Insurance Development by

Inaugurating a New Plan PARTICIPATING INSURANCE AT LOW NONPARTICIPATING RATES All Beneficial Policyholders Share in the Net Earnings of the Company Any Beneficial Representative Will Advise You on Any Insurance Problem—"Without Obligation

Beneficial Life Insurance Co, Home Office Vermont Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J. Grant, President E. T. Ralphs, Gen. Manager

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA