'jMWWMwW

/s**

DECEMBER, 1943 OLUME 46* NUMBER 12 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED *ALT LAKE CITY, UTAH v.v'v.v:*-:':-:-:-:-:':-:':!'"?;1":-"?

.v.-:-:;::-:-;:;

. t is m pssible....:...W

When you serve a roast nowadays, it's a real occasion. That roast should be treated

with a lot of respect.

Housewives having newer model Roper tempera- m',lwm,lw "low with copscop* equipped ranges o2,cot gas cabbed. head cop *""by roasts Vi "stretching"yA are oven ture"sedges flo r -m AcoP temperatures. 350 to at 300 cooking traverse*: 11-* 4

You see, "low temperature"oven cookas as much meat shrinkage reduces i/, upPePper ( melted butter, ing dejuices, provides nutritive %, retains sirable drippings for gravy, makes meat go much farther.

meat using of effective way Another ** side those is to buy advantage greatest to erate butter.

com- i a mA SUutes.oven BfStcdO?* points and fewest requiring cuts

5 I bine them with other foods in a casatr taoersW ab?cabbaged

1 serole dish or similar meat "extender.

P A N Y - Offices in Salt Lake, Ogden, Provo M OUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY C O M

SERVING TWENTYTHREE UTAH COMMUNITIES IN WAR AND PEACE

(L SubMJafdmvL Jb 50TheNorthImprovementMain St., Era,Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Please enter my subscription for oneTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WILL KEEP THEM CLOSE TO HOME AND CHURCH year,number.starting(My $2.00with istheenclosed herewith.)

Name a year... ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD Address$200

(THE ERA will send a gift card with your name as donor, if you so request.) Ward Stake

(Write plainly and give same name and address as now appears on your Era each

Fill in, tear out, and mail the attached coupon, and solve your Christmas problem month. If you desire magazine sent in a new

with "the gift that gives itself twelve times a year."name,a changegiveofbothaddress,old andgivenewbothname.presentIf there'sand

former ward and stake.)

WHEREVER THEY ARE JorCkriitmai SEND THEM THE ERA

Td Friends and Familyat Hdmeat Schddl—

and in the armed forces

TWO OTHER CHRISTMAS GIFT SUGGESTIONS

I 8& $&? FOR THE DISCRIMINATING GIVER

TWO BOOKS THAT SHOULD BE IN EVERY HOME—

GOSPEL STANDARDS IN THE GOSPEL NET

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

Containing the essential teachings of A story of struggle president Grant durand triumph that will ing his sixtyyear of- I warm the hearts and

ficial ministry—plus moisten the eyes and

more than fifty of his strengthen the lives favorite stories. of all who read it.

A Church Best Seller now in its 10th edition

$2 25 a copy $| 25 a copy

AN IMPROVEMENT ERA publication AN IMPROVEMENT ERA publication (Available at Bookdealers Everywhere) (Available at Bookdealers Everywhere)

DECEMBER, 1943 737.

THE CHURCH IN WAR AND PEACE j | "THE GOSPEL KINGDOM"

By ELDEH STEPHEN L RICHARDS j By this clarity In force characteristic book, with beauty, and PRESIDENT TAYLOR JOHN ( of the the apostles language, leads one Church way toof \ uprightspiritual security during war timesof the to wisdom and and of the literature the Restoration. ( \ A classic of ( ness for peace.

( to sustain book A good \ Melchizedek Priesthood textbook for 1944 ( allies of their and on the homethe spiritsfront. of men in the military service

$1.00 $2.25

AT THE \ AT THE DESERET BOOK COMPANY DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 1, Utah \ \ 44 East South Temple Street "THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"j )\ "THE BOOK CENTERSalt LakeOF THECityINTERMOUNTAIN1, Utah WEST"

Enclosed find $ for which please send Copies to ) \ Enclosed find $ for which please send Copies to

Name \ } Name Address } Clip out this ad and send it with your order. f \ Address

\ Clip out this ad and send it with your order.

THE STORY BOOK... which teachers, parents and dynamic youth have been t Nourished You Can Well Be

j for. waiting

c in spite of food shortages and rationing.

Leah D. Widtsoe's FAITHPROMOTING STORIES j Read

By PRESTON NIBLEY \

) other Kimball C. Woodruff, and Jacob Hamblin, Heber BE WELL HOW TO ) series favorites, FaithPromoting oldtime the pioneer made Wilfordwho

\ collection. this restored their with famous, are $2.00

\ is of faith stories distinctive the from for manyclassics The book newin the lives of people in our time. \ \ In this Latterday book the famous Saint "Word of Wisdom"

\ is healthbuilding, in the of vitaminloaded, expressed form $1.00 \ appetitetempting recipes and menus.

AT THE | )) Givevim, vigormotherandthisvitality.book and she will serve you health, strength,

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 1, Utah j DESERET BOOK COMPANY "THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"\ 44 East South Temple Street

Enclosed find $ for which please send Copies to ( {\ "THE BOOK CENTERSalt LakeOF THECityINTERMOUNTAIN1, Utah WEST"

Name \ ( Enclosed find $ for which please send Copies to

Address send it with your order. )) ) Name Clip out this ad and

A DARING BOOK, \1 Clip out this ad andAddresssend it with your order.

which leaves no stone unturned to show the Book of )

Mormon for what it is—j

"A VOICE FROM THE DUST"A NEW WITNESS FOR CHRIST The Book of Mormon, beautifully illustrated

IN AMERICA $3.00

$1.75 By FRANCIS W. KIRKHAM j \\ Thisand hasbookheldleaptits intoplacethelikebestan establishedseller class favorite.with the first edition

THE first edition was exhausted in less than a year. This edition )

at $1.75. \ DESERET BOOK COMPANY

} Street South 44 East Temple DESERET BOOK COMPANY City Salt Lake 1, Utah \ Salt Lake City 1, Utah \ 44 East South Temple Street

THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST") ) "THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"

( Enclosed find $ for which please send Copies to

':"-..''"<j Name ) j 'Name

Address \ \ Address Clip out this ad and send it with your order. \ \ Clip out this ad and send it with your order.

THE DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street

S alt Lake City 1, Utah "THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST", Owned hy the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A RMY doctors have found that novo- **caim, much used by dentists to kill pain, cures sprains very quickly. At one

place, since the novocaine treatment was started, only one man has had to go to the hospital; previously the average

time was ten days in the hospital.

Pragonflies can fly either forward or ** backward with the two pairs of wings placed one behind the other.

\VThen an enemy threatens the dark- * * ling beetle, it stands on its head and sends out a stream of poison gas from the end of its abdomen. Gas warfare is probably best developed among

the formic ants. When their nest is A Suggestion for Victory

attacked, these ants prop themselves up, facing the enemy, curl their abdomens forward between their legs, and fire away with small jets of poisonous spray. inherited, is usually/olorbundness -* or tJT GRAHAMSbyPURITY from injury but it may result disease.

Tn eleven western states the value of * irrigated land is about sixty percent of the over sixbillion-dollar value of * -K all farm lands.

is usually shorter season growingHPhe LASTING VALUESvalleys arid *- in the of the northern part of the United States than the In war or peace, skill in the southern. Yakima, Washington, has 183

frostfree days; Boise, Idaho, 169; fields of stenography, acLogan, Utah, 155; Albuquerque, New counting, and general office

Mexico, 196; Phoenix, Arizona, 295; work will increase your

'Sfficienf Schooland Yuma, Arizona, 355. value... and thus improve

Ccandinavia and Finland have sixteen your chances for success.

*"* million inhabitants while the Ter-

L. D. S.ritory of Alaska with a larger area has Get your business training now—at the

about seventy thousand in a region with Business College, one of the finest schools of its the same average latitude. kind anywhere, at any price.4 in population in PalestineHpHE the Write for our free booklet... today,.

* time 975 B.C. ) was of David ( about

about threequarters of a million, and in the time of Isaiah (about 700 B.C.)about a million, compared with about L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

a million and a half at the opening of 70 North Main Street the Christian era under Roman rule. Salt Lake City 1, UtahProfessor W. F. Albright's estimates of >f -K

ancient times may be compared with the population of about a million Arabs and six hundred thousand Jews at the time.present

... Go They Wherever OffER4 WE

find subscripiny will "Enclosed A COMPLETE you that reminds us T. T. ReadProfessor Era.'I have to... tion "The Improvement SERVICE ENGRAVING fromA then and a obtained copy now first the iron in coins to Portraits ChiMissionary Largest were the From made tiny this here on other church members Catalogues at years ago; almost thousandna two island."Mail Orders Attention Prompt Given

that time, as now, they were made beLt. Clarence Shumway, U.S.M.C CO. UTAH ENGRAVINGcause of a shortage of copper. 113 Regent St. Utah c/o Fit. P.M. San Francisco. Calif. Salt Lake City,

{Concluded on page 742) DECEMBER, 1943 739 TlmprouemenrlEra 'The Glory of God is Intelligence'

Grant, J. Heber

A. Widtsoe,DECEMBER, 1943 John

Managing Editor 7HE VOICE OF THE CHURCH'Marba C. Josephson,

William Mulder, OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, Associate Editors

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTGeorge Q. Morris, General Mgr.

MENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD Lucy G. Cannon, Associate Mgr.

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH J. K. Orton, Business Mgr,

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

Jime (L*ra6ed Jke (.editor's f-aae By Delia Adams Leitner

With Warmest Good Wishes Heber J. Grant 749 HThe little boy that used to be

On Christmas morning watched tree. theL/iurch creatures beneath a man's disguise, He hid

Border Incident Ellis T. Rasmussen and John R, Kest 752 But, oh, the sparkle in his eyes.

Evidences and Reconciliations: LXXIH—Why Are the Words

"God"and "Father"Applied to Several Personages? He watched small son with great

John A. Widtsoe 769 delight

To Hear His Voice, David A. NoLiquor-Tobacco Column 777 And how his heart leaped at the

Smith.., 745 Music: The Ward Music Guild, sight

Mutual Messages: Card Club or Frank W. Asper.. 781 Of Junior opening up his toys,

Spingro, Choir, Alex762 Lakeview Joseph Cannon Ward then—there were two little 766 781 And Schreiner ander Church Moves The J.On.—boys.

: Priesthood Melchizedek 776 Genealogy: Weiss The '. Family

Tree, Aaronic Karl 782: 779 Weiss

Ward Teaching..780 One half past three and one—oh

well, His age in years why need to tell;

Special jreatumd It did not matter as they played

Ancient Prophets and the New Day Levi Edgar Young 750 With auto, train, and gay parade.

Pioneer Diary of Eliza R Snow—Part X... 754 Christ, Christmas, and Santa Claus T, Edgar Lyon 756 A circus, games, toy popgun,

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 758 I'm sure I do not know which one The Religious Gap in College... Calvin T. Ryan 760 Was happier—the half past three

Exploring the Universe, FrankBooks for Children, Marba C. Or grownup lad that used to be.

lin S. Harris, Jr.....739 Josephson...765

Dona Marina, Interpreter for Homing: Merry Christmas to

Cortez, Charles E. Dibble 741 You! Katherine Dissinger....770 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Telefacts 742 Handy Hints 772 OFFICES:

Jenny's Letter, Bernice Brown.—743 Cooks'Corner, Josephine B. 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

of Gratitude, 772 Albert Debt L. ZoInc., 1943 by Funds, Mutual CorCopyright a

bell,..743 Scripture Nichols Puzzle Cake, Jesse Jr. the poration ImproveMutual Men's Young of

the Christ ment Association Church Jesus of of 773 Cussin'"Says the Army, M. Beishline "No

rights Saints. reserved. All Latterday Subof in a Mysterious Lt. Horace Moves 744 God Gunn

price, scription in advance; $2.00 20c a year,

Attitudes of ReligiousJ. Ursenbach The O. F. Way, 774 single copy.

Noted Men, Leon M. Strong..748 News from the Camps...775 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

as secondclass for Utah, matter. Acceptance to Advertisers 788 Index On the Book Rack......764 at special mailing postage rate of provided

Page and Ours 800 Your in section for 1103, of 1917, October, Act authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible (editorials fortributions.unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes conConcerning Synthetic Substitutes for Character.. Richard L, Evans 768 All manuscripts must be accompanied

Christmas, 1943 Marba C. Josephson 768 by sufficient postage for delivery

and return.

stories, loetm}oeim, Lro55word frazzle NATIONAL ADVERTISING REPRESENTATIVES

Baptiste, Hafen 757 of Ann Woodbury Son Bird Woman (Conclusion) 761 Salt Lake City: Francis M. Mayo Spirit the Clapp Robinson Dorothy Glory Is of

A Snowbound Christmas Dinner James P. Sharp 763 San Francisco: Edward S. Townsend

Time Erased, Delia A. Leitner....740 Frontispiece: Christmas Prayer Chicago: Dougan and Bolle

Winter, Catherine E. Berry 741 and Answer, Thornton Y. New York: Dougan and Bolle

Poetry Page 746 Booth 747 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle 790 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

VL CIRCULATIONS turning year, this home. the The but of turning—the one roads season haveAT travelwill far Aleutians, far, or the as be little Africa distance and there as may be the A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY will thoughts to in their are, backtracking, they and wherever but women men

remember. they the Christmas they andhomes know This photographic study evoking MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Lambert. familiar wintry buta M. mood is by Harold

740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 2>,>ona manna INTERPRETER FOR CORTEZ

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE

the 15th of March, 1519, Cortez, along the anchored coast of TaON basco, received Mexico, the chieftains and leaders of the Tabasco region. They brought, as presents for

the Spaniards, bundles of blankets and twenty Indian maidens. Numbered

among the twenty women was the none too well known heroine of the Conquest, Dona Marina. Dona Marina, also called "La Malinche,"was called the

"Tongue"of Cortez. Dona Marina was

the daughter of a Mexican chieftain.

While she was very young her father died, and her mother gave her to some

Indian merchants who traded her to other Indians of Tabasco. She grew up

mastering the Indian languages and

ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD

There is no place, or no one to whom you could send these two

DONA MARINA (LA MALINCHE) INTERPRETING companion books who would not welcome them and cherish them,

FOR CORTEZ and thank you for long years to come

dialects of southern Mexico. After com-.. THIS DAY. ALWAYS AND the * she quicklying to Cortez mastered L. Evans By Richard

Spanish language and remained by the side of Cortez throughout all his Mexiand can campaigns.

Spaniards, to the Ever loyal HILLS THE Dona UNTO than an interpreter.Marina was more L. Evans By Richard

Her knowledge of Indian customs and standards enabled her to aid Cortez in outwitting a numerically superior ene- $1.50 Each

my. Time after time her ability to sense These brief sermonettes from the nationwide Temple Square broadthe of Indian meaning saved the ways casts York, published & Brothers were by Harper and have in New

annihilation.Spaniards complete from wide acceptance by Church nonmembers given and been members the conquerors escaped Cholula aAt

of life. alike, in all walkstrap alertness loyalty the of and only by

Dona Marina. ORDER NOW FROM

Presentday Mexicans look at one of their highest mountains, Malinche, La CD. interTHE BDDKCRAFTP. O. Box 63, Salt Lake City 1, Utah the Indian girland remember who

preted for Cortez.—n-i < i Qi in. in. iri< >r,t,n, in< mi n-i < > n inr-a =>oc=

BOER NOW: C D. 8 THEP. O. BoxBDDKCRAFT63, Salt Lake City 1, Utah

WINTER This Day... and Always $1.50 Unto the Hills $1.50

By Catherine E. Berry By RichardAlso L.pleaseEvanssend me the books checkedBy Richardbelow.L. Evans

Winter, with hoary breath, blows snow- $ Check or money order enclosed, or flakes down D Please send C.O.D.

$1.25 NetWith $2.50 In the Gospel gentle touch of white to cloak the The Gay Saint A. Widtsoe By John town, By Paul Bailey

And all the trees that stood with bare arms Gospel Standards $2.25 Signs of the Times $1.25

raised By Heber J. Grant By Joseph Fielding Smith

the California and BrannanAre hung with silver crystals—-those who SamMormons $1.75 Way toBy PerfectionJoseph Fielding Smith $1.25 praised Bailey By Paul

The Kingdom verdant loveliness of spring's bright The Gospel $2.25 Name.. flame, John Taylor By

$2.50 Glory this, find for This My words no glowing ForCan no Address Bailey Paul By name; $1.85 Reconciliations Evidences and

season claims of aEach renown, beauty A. Widtsoe John By

But only Winter wears a regal crown! (=3 "'>"< >"'>"< ">"'>"< >"'>"'>"<

DECEMBER, 1943 741 TEUFACT SHRINKAGE OF THE OCEAN

MAYFLOWER

1838 FIRST STEAMSHIP 15 DAYS Hh

1938 "QUEEN MARY- A*fi4 DAYS

U 1943 7 HOURS FERRY COMMAND ftp PICTOGRAPH CORPv Af

****** Exploring fhe Universe haswith beenxraysestablishedof specimensby recentmade studyby J.

(Concluded from page 739) B. Hannay in 1880.

'"Phe Arctic Mediterranean Sea, as the north waters of Greenland, ocean ITan,L"A bones,and havemost bothanimalsrods withand backcones Iceland, Islands are someand Orkney times called, is exchanging water with in the retina of the eye. Some animals

the North Atlantic Ocean continuouswhich are active only during the day, ly, mostly through the Denmark Strait have a pure cone retina, while others between Greenland and Iceland. It active only at night have only rods.

would take about 165 years for a com- 'HOUSANDS of servicemen plete change of this northern water, P\iatoms, minute marine animals, can however, of over even a change with silica their obtain L not only when going home for the holidays will million half cubic yards four and a directly in water, of dissolved but can also use the facilities of hotels. You water each second. from solid minerals such as nacrite.

can help them enjoy their trip HPhough the swifts are wonderful flien route home and those few brief * ers, living almost entirely in the air, Though most birds lay eggs decotheir short legs are adapted only for "rated with various colors, those hours with their loved ones this clinging. These birds when they get on birds laying in dark burrows or holes

Christmas by staying at home durthe ground cannot get off unless they generally have white eggs.

can fall far enough to get play for their ing the holidays. We at the Hotel long thin wings. HThe average size of comets is from

Utah always welcome your visits, 4: "* thirty thousand to one hundred and

that experience has found "Dussian fifty in diameter, miles with thousand but we know that you want our a particular need ** fliers have getting smaller size of the as it of a comet men in the service to come first—to vitamin C since they expend it quickly. travels nearer the sun. The tail of a

get the happiness they so well comet stretches out frequently fifty mil- "T\iamonds in small quantity can be lion and occasionally one hundred mildeserve! * produced in the laboratory. This lion miles from the head.

TELEFACT fi> U><> <&t <&> Ute>

4 out of every 7 families in the U.S.

moved at least once between 19351940

PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION i, 742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SO

evtviiA 6 ZH/XKEES TXOCO MAR6AX/ME cLetter /C/SE DVX&& r/eoco By BERNICE BROWN MAZ6AZ/M BECAUSE W m /Z/A& /rs

Ovid, Idaho wish I could send you a few sprigs for

Christmas Eve, 1943 your submarine....

Son: spirit carols. the Christmas sang Her nmsDear Elna begged to play the piano while at we It is near here Christmas so the camouflaged the keys invaded and

I the see that almost the ranch can filled errors. Silence the places technical

ringbells to tiptoe waiting standing on in ringing to on used where come you half spentin festive has the day. Evelyn

I tenor. silences filled these with the

fast cornthe as popping evening and first the the of voice echoes your from it into curly aas white mound, grows childish to the time warblings when we fist rahis in sticks neatly andBobby all as of course) your (secretly smiled 7XOCO it. I shetions don't would what know the hurdles to trying leap voice was

if snitching, too. heredo were you it to childhood from when manhood

The tree looks like bargain day at was a succession of squeaks and bass BECAUSE /r$ the Five and Ten. Little Elna superrumbles....

the always, decoration the as andvised

I last the Christmas you remembered first since your angelschina had we've best here. your That when was were the are dodging kept busy 7fu0!Christmas $& sing. girl family joined newly our Your paper canes and of candyhodge podge &///.DKEM..THE sparkle brave given a diamond made the delighted withchains. Elna was still finger, /T TOO/ 10YE tiny her diamonds snow on bed. to justresults up bounced has and curls, bravest, the to but clung her damp the slidingI her to see expect down in all thejshinof sparkle sweetest was

flushed with racing atbanister and dawn... eyes. ing her of depths

for the purely fireplace the tocheeks scientific purpose of determining the Last year you didn't receive our prescause of her stocking's bulges.... ents. You Wfote saying you dldj|'t mind

.. just knowing'so had we mui. irrigating the that are boots rubber Dad's enough. sent was them /vseWM&S stove. have the more rugrag They by the as as will faded be Christmas rxoco tires. He's our thanpatches them on letthis angels china our when robes of heifer barn. thejust Your from come I MAXGAX/tfZ feel that tonight you. But ter reaches ff S birth to night give this holy chosewisely

it. BECAUSE /rjt SO tfj writing that will I'm You know you

little bull. fine calf, first ato Dad her miss that, you, though must know we herwith quite pleased she seemssays chosen of have what you are proud we the lapping wobblyself smugly and was do. to tongue.little her with fellow

this of our Savior's evening on So this year. is quite deep snow The at waiting for you As birth are home we flakes white writing, I the sit here wet bring peace to on earth. the against faces pressingare dampwindowpane. The window where your All my love and a prayer, The choicest of fresh vegetable oilsSIwand

service star hangs is bright with holly. I Your mother. pasteurized skim milk from American

farms give DURKEE'STROCO MARGARINE that mild, sweet, countryfresh flavor. Buy DURKEE'S TROCO

MARGARINE today.

DEBT OF GRATITUDE Every Pound Contains By Albert L. Zobell Jr. Pasteurized

Cultured Skim Milk "T'd like to pay another voluntary inthe church has yet to send a statement stalment on a perpetual debt. If of accounts receivable.

better fared beginning the "From we forebears love the for it not were my life this in of land. standards have Our greater gospel, for which the washad calculated higher any been method by

friends, family, or any for regardthan fit to turn than those saw who by men worldly thing, I myself might have been a deaf ear to that message. Lately the

a conquered slave in a long overrun dividends have been higher. My home

country now. hasn't family bombed, and been my.OLEOMARGABlNi

civilians, friends, innocent haven't been P ufSm debt, of course, is payable in "That

I casualties consider... Yes, of war. apart in tithing—a full tenth of all my tithing receipt as a kind of token paysubstance. It's been a nearcentury since ment for all the opportunities and blessthe heads of my family accepted the ings my affiliation with the church has

warning testimony of two elders, but given me."

DECEMBER, 1943 743 ii 7?

If jo LuMiri SAYS THE ARMY

By LT. HORACE J. GUNN

Quartermaster Corps, A.U.S.

recent editorial appearing in a southern newspaper stated that profanity in the army was at its Apeak. This statement undoubtedly

voices prevailing civilian opinion. Reference is frequently made to the supposed use of profane and hard language

by the army's generals. FRE It appears that some of our civilians

and members of the press are somewhat misinformed. I am an instructor at a

school for officer candidates. As part of

the course candidates are told to avoid F use of profanity or obscenity when apLOWING pearing before their men. This information comes from a basic field manual,

issued for use by all personnel in the army. It is considered that frequent use

of profanity and any use of obscenity, especially by an officer when instructing his men, will result in their losing respect for him. In addition, it will lower

his own dignity.

Many individuals going into the army seem to consider it necessary to be regarded as tough in order to be a successful soldier and win promotions. That is

not the case. In becoming an officer, the

use of rough language is not something to be acquired, but avoided. In army

life as in civilian life, constant use of profanity and obscenity indicates limited vocabulary and often an utter inability to control one's temper.

LET US HELP tudeGeneraltowardGeorgeprofanityWashington'sis a matterattiof

Keep Your Car in Fighting Trim history:

The general is very sorry to be informed

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY STATIONS that the foolish and wicked practice of

AND DEALERS IN ITS PRODUCTS profanetofore littlecursingknownandinswearing,an Americana vicearmy,hereis *fZ7** growing into fashion. He hopes the officers

will, by example as well as of influence, endeavor to check it—and that both they

and the men will reflect that we can have little hope for the blessing of heaven on our arms, if we insult it by our impiety and folly.*5fc THIS XMk%pe

*"GIVE 600KSXm/VS Washington's words to his army over "evidences one hundred SSGNS apply today. fifty years ago can well

AND OF THE I* TIMES''RECONCILIATIONS x *The WayH To Perfection EACH CO. THE BOOKCRAFT

P. O. Box 63, Salt Lake City. Utah THEP. O. BOOKCRAFTBox 63. Salt LakeCO. City. Utah

Please send the books checked above Please send the books checked above

Send C.O.D. Send C.O.D.

$. check or money order enclosed. $. check or money order enclosed.

NAME NAME ADDRESS, ADDRESS, j

744 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TO HEAR II. <\l.

oice

I this coming, morning saw you By DAVID A. SMITH Early Will and I told She would come."you

President, Temple Square Mission and was speaking of her son.

Acting President, Canadian Mission I asked why she wanted me to come at that particular time. Her answer was,

"I have a favor to ask of you, and I

I assured anythingDuringsion wea tourfoundof athelittleCanadianelderly Mislady wanther I youshouldto makebe happya promise."to do

in a "woodshed at the rear of her within my power she desired of me.

home. She was trying to cut into small Her request was, "President Smith, the

lengths a pile of wood which had been doctor said I cannot live until another placed daughter, is not a whowith my nearby.companions—twoIt was her firsteldersmeetingI had morning.member ofMythe to be church, wants me

taken with me. dressed in her black wedding dress; I

She did not hear us as we approached don't want to be dressed in black. I

withand an axhandle was standing nice a like in want dress white the one So it will be resting hand,her the axhead upon the Sister for Sister Smith Collins."made

ground. I reached for the axhandle

as looked sheand up she exclaimed, late that night Tt was when we returned creamy rich the elders."are"Oh, 1 you to the Toronto, following but mornfall stinging breeze The was penetrating, assist daughter to me, with my

ing. considerable After persuading, she clothing. purchased later Several days we all through into to theconsented house go and percall telephone a Sister that we received

store her us cutmit to and wood. died. had Morden to uniformly milk make coats; our one removed began AWAY We wife daughter, With and had my who direadily creamy, and more split pieces,to to saw, the another and similar with been occasions, on and me in gestible, the discovered back was in other the the shed.the stacked wood missionary, called a lady companion we century. this of early years Sego finished, her entered had we weWhen the at arriving after the home, soon been Milk Products had Company for heated to ushome. water She had mortician the completed had embalming just while, short organized and a hands. tablecloth best ourwash Her sisters body. the to dress prepared The as as the soon new process—holittle table, the been placedhad upon laid body. clothAfter out they the had it perfected was mogenization—was in small aswhich a used was room ing, all the mortician asked, to go this evaporated pioneer "Why adopted bykitchen dining room. and our made We that bother? the cover with body milk company. Wevisit partaking while of the food she is is all shroud, that a necessary."which

... us. for prepared in consistshad forcHomogenization I answered, in a "This believed woman

this Sister Later ing milk the tremendous under woman, Morden, resurrection; his she that believed in

tinyleft pressure reside her openings through to with her son and home call time, will our Heavenly Father own in inch diamehis only wife, of 1/10,000 lived an farm on a about who this forth purified cleansed body, to and ter. breaks butterfat the This little miles thetwenty from where town again habitation the of her become into globules smaller located.her home was particles—so spiritual living body, again becoming a dissmall that evenly they remain last of the middle February, About is soul. to her going dressed She grave milk. tributed the throughout I earlyyear, one morning awoke with she that desires as forth at to come line"That's there is no "cream why I feeling that this see shoulda go and time."in Milk. last you Sego drop Thesister. fall a had very heavy of We is beautiful answered, a "That He is the as from pour can creamy night, the during the making roadssnow

it, it."at to but look see I cannot way first rich as drop. thedifficult I travel. tried this to to use conservice funeral at her held The was justificationdition for as a brushing finely In milk thus processed the

filled friends the small home; rooms. theaside received. impression I had dispersed fat particles are more service, during After the the which eating feeling breakfast that After the readily acted digestive upon by teachings of the church regarding death II should so strong telephoned go was is juices. This of special advanthe district president and asked him to and the resurrection were explained, tage in infant feeding.

be ready to go with me. those attending passed the bier and

Upon reaching the road running from looked upon the lifeless form. They had Another and more recent imthe provement adopted makers life by this in a as looked upon womanthe to the main farm highway home, we

is of Milk the of Sego enrichment left individual, the strange had who it cleared notfound of been snow. had

fine this of every milk drop with fathers of to her church a become MorWillis turns with ElderTaking Taylor help extra sunshine to vitamin D that not could understand mon. Theyin floundered breaking the way, we build straight strong maintain and spirit possess our the doth "same which for the knees ourthrough above snow teeth. even sound bones and this at that of the time out body go we onehalf to mile theabout house we

wanted. Upon entering the house I life, will have power to possess our body

glanced at the bed upon which our sister in that eternal world."

lay. My first thought was that she had She is dead, and through life and SEGO

passed away. After removing my overdeath has found exaltation and eternal

coat and overshoes, I approached the life, for although living alone, she MILK bed and put my hand upon her hand, studied the gospel, she paid her tithes A Utah which was resting uncovered at her side. and offerings, shared her food with and Pioneer

As I did so I leaned forward and asked provided a bed for visiting elders. Her

if she was awake, for her eyes were greatest happiness came to her through closed. Opening her eyes she answered, the gospel of our Lord revealed anew

"It's President Smith. I told Will early and in the knowledge that death is but Sego Milk Prdducts Company

this morning that you were coming to a step from mortality into life eternal Originator of Evaporated Milk see me today. I wanted to see you, and to greater happiness than a mortal in the Intermountain Territory

and I prayed that the Lord would can suppose. In death she found eternal Plants in

send you out here so I could talk to you. life and happiness. Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

DECEMBER, 1943 745 (podbu

THE PROMISE OF OLD

(A Christmas Refrain) WATSTHttOjMR By Bertha A. Kleinman

'"Phe cedars of Lebanon incensed the night, * The stars hung their pendants resplendent THE MOTHERS bright, and By Gene Romolo skies the of And orient spanned; $WIN6 TO MUM!

hills to the The mountains trim are kneeling in 7V GAIN the mothers a tall proud tree.

prayer, ** They hang a star upon its topmost limb,

A hushed benediction broods over them Symbolic of their Lord's nativity, there And placing it, they think of John or Jim his way among the stars. our E*PV eeS The coming of God is at hand! The son who charts

not Rising each Does this waiting mother night /re sweet adoration breathes A i"of out the sea, share $175,000 olive The groves the whisper blest mystery, Bonds vigil Virgin Mother's The scars? and her War the angels As unfold, message r0 high High, the earth above (they not know PV lilies toil that Over The not, neither and Jo spin where)

waiting Are to the usher in Holy One Their brave flying are sons young through *>**'a, the Messiah Promised of Old. Send the night, * oerUn to.

The hills to the mountains are kneeling in To save man and reconsecrate the earth prayer, To Mary's Son, that everywhere, the light

A hushed benediction broods over them TheThat lightshoneofsolifebrightlyand loveat hismayhourshineof birthagain there,

O Meanwhile, wartime our we continue The coming of God is at hand! Upon an earth reborn for freeborn men.job it is where from of moving manpower

to where it is needed.

MODERN CAROL WEAPONS By Mildred Gofi is hideous with noise of battle (Ephesians 6:1417) THEin nightthe east.

union PACIFIC STAGES By Kathrine H. Williams Deck the hall with boughs of hotly for the

feast. Christmas

with all part,"my might to do my homes are desolate; a million BUY ANOTHER WAR BOND* "J* WANTThe young vehemently said, "to A million man

call mothers grieve.

One blow my own that fells so great a God rest you merry, gentlemen, for this is wrong,.. Christmas Eve.

not the Did of other times men apart, the tear night their bombers Their fight to dreams for right! letNowfall evil The thunder the shakes sky. shakes

little still Oh, town of Bethlehem, how we world again, The idly stand! I cannot

lie! see thee I more! with And elation go even an

Of mind! No soldier of the strongest land

gladly More seized his saber, shield or MODERN DAVID... bow Hall By Frances the Because. is later hour than think we..".

ill. Because the. is deeper than know. we TLTe often thought how great DELICIOUS Goliath stood mocked with ugly laughter at the * * And

His mother's voice, evocative of tears, boy, that answer their frailty, Made dismissed faith, shoutprovoking none had how How "Unloose and joy Pink Gdld of hate, bands The son, in and keep my the unbelieving swept multitude Had mind the lad's act know young sudden To had CHOCOLATES that The weapons carry or the use you hewed... guns but were abuse Of lose, to you win longedfor peace. The of FIRST need they more A CHOICE No Forgetting the righteous what brave have employ known: those who PREFER shield. sword The and raids could more No is the helmet Your salvation! of helmet annoy

is faith! shield is Your Spirit's FINE sword Your CANDIES fear breathe mist across valley's the Or own! good.

loins are girt Your ever truth! about with

is breastplate Your righteousness! never Oh often, too, fierce to he And resolve. came cease

"I'll will he make,"vowed, valiant a "my feet your know the To are shod with prepstone aration slay the self slothful To revolve days whose..."gospel of Of the peace. enduring

still In pettiness."the time But by. went

The rock decayed. The slingshot webbed;

and grown If It's Glade's—It's Good To awesome height, Goliath filled the sky. YESTERDAY AND TODAY

By Elizabeth Jane Leonard RADIO MAGIC

A Perennial Gift Suggestion "The Improvement Era"VT'esterday By Helen Maring little Attractive An a lad sea Card Gift a continent, with and was 1 He Across

Subscriptions the Afraid of dark things; and spooky the war's Beyond black worry, 12 issues $2.00 50 North Main he's fearless, a Today bearded singing I heard a nightingale man Salt City Lake 1, UtahSt.

In army parlance, he has his wings. Past midnight's hour in Surrey.

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Christmas

and

By THORNTON Y. BOOTH

From the fighting front, probably somewhere in New Guinea, comes this Christmas message.

The author is formerly of Brigham Young University pubtications staff, and now in the Army of the United States {Infantry).

THE GARDEN OF GETHSEMANE—Photograph by Adelbert Bartlett

T*\ear Lord: To learn the gospel plan and follow through

I can't repeat the usual Christmas prayer With living it, have overcome their woe,

When "Peace on earth, good will toward men"is but Not gaining just the peace the earth imparts,

A tragic mockery. Men seem to care But that deep comfort only I bestow,

For nothing now except the means to cut Of unafraid, untroubled, joyful hearts.

Their fellows down. Good will and peace are stored It may be true that there has been more strife

For the duration. And glory Thou Than peace since angels sang that Christmas song.

On high art given seems in hope Thy sword. If so, it is because men chose such life

Will conquer opposition quickly—now! As brought on war. Wrong always fosters wrong. Is this, then, what Thy angels meant that night A kind, unselfish heart, a soul that's pure—In singing "Peace on earth—"? Two thousand years I, even God, can't give men such a thing.

Of carnage, torture, fear, and "might makes right"? My prophets can but let them know the sure "Good will toward men—"Does that consist of jeers Inexorable law of harvesting.

( Though sometimes clothed in diplomatic cant Men have my rules, and for themselves must choose

When conquered peoples ask for charity, To gain the blessings by obeying them,

Those weak for help, those poor for food? To grant Or, as so many have discovered, lose

Such boons in truly Christian rarity. Their peace—-their all—by disobeying them.

Though this may sound impertinent, dear Lord, When men think they are Christians by the act

I ask Thee, wasn't that an unkind touch They go through once a year of taking care

Of Godly irony, directing toward Of fellow men in want, the ones who lacked

The earth a peace, goodwill pronouncement such Life's goods the whole year through, let them beware.

As man had never heard before, proclaimed And nations, hoping to preserve themselves

By angel song, yet followed by a score By turning eyes aside while tyrants chain

Of war and hatefilled centuries that shamed Some weaker people, and cruel power shelves

Most those who claimed to know Thy gospel lore? All promises of justice, hope in vain.

Is it, then, strange that I am filled with doubt The selfish has his joy cut at the source

This Christmas, as to what to pray about? Because his yearround habits pinch his soul;

find their own loved land his further goal. 4tUy Child,"WhileWill peoples who ignore the tyrant's force

The answer seemed quietly to possess And though the war is shattering your world

My doubting soul, dismissing fear and strife. You still may pray for peace at Christmas time,

"The angels'message still rings true to bless If you can keep the flag of faith unfurled,

Those who will hear. They sang of him whose life And let a lovefilled heart beat out the chime:

Made possible real peace on earth, whose love 'Good will toward men.'Though you must crush a foe

his will peace men.'For find more will demonstrates Best 'Good toward

In raging injustice—youstrife than you have would sent with no from For this, here above my Son was

To live the way of fullest joy, and then, Love in your heart, should wars forever cease."

Through power undissipated by one breath

Of sin, he blazed the path of glory back HPhe paradox of peace in war! His word,

Into my presence, overcoming death. Familiar, crossed the centuries: I heard

He clearly taught the Plan, there is no lack "Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you:

Of opportunity or help for those Not as the world giveth, give I unto you.

Who really seek for peace. The thousands who Let not your heart be troubled,

Have found it through their faith in Me, who chose Neither let it be afraid."

DECEMBER, 1943 747

- -THE- -

f\etialon5 Tttitu,de6 OF NOTED MEN

By LEON M. STRONG

on. Thomas Francis Bayard,

Secretary of State in Cleveland's administration, is quoted as saying:H

Religious liberty is the chief cornerstone of the American system of government....

Anything that tends to invade a right so essential and sacred must be carefully guarded against, and I am satisfied that my countrymen, ever mindful of the sufferings and sacrifices necessary to obtain it, will never consent to its impairment for any reason or under any pretext whatsoever.1

Admiral Farragut was a hero of the

Civil War. In 1862 he assisted in the

daring capture of New Orleans. Just

before embarking for the task, he wrote I intend to take New Orleans, God being my helper.

Two years after this naval triumph he was assigned to capture Mobile Bay.

The night before this successful feat was accomplished, he wrote his wife in into the Mobile going mornBay I am - if is is; helper, ing: he hope and God my *m-m...n> m "m

I trust. bless place in and and him GodI my

you, preserve and my darling my2 dear boy, should to me. if anything happen

in attitude to thought, find a religious FelsNaptha Soap \ One might hardly expect, at first pioneers of early American the intrepid history. Daniel Boone had helped setWith your eyes shut. i. you can tell it's FelsNaptha tle Kentucky and had built him a comfortable home in the wilderness of that

Soap Suds! It has a smell you'll never mistake. A state only to be peremptorily dislodged

sweet, clean smell, that only good mild soap tookby anadvantageunscrupulousof Boone'sland trustingshark whonaand gentle naptha can produce! ture. Boone had never thought it necessary to get a U.S. patent to his land holdIt's not always so easy, now, to fill your tub or ings. Yet, after being dislodged from his

hardearned property, the old frontierswasher with FelsNaptha Suds. You may have to man moved to Missouri, unsoured by

'shop around/ You may have to wait. But it's youngerhis saddenedcompanionexperience.when Talkinghis eyes towerehis

worth the trouble in quicker, easier washing fast dimming, he said

The Lord has dealt kindly with me. I have

and cleaner, sweetersmelling clothes. more than I need and no man can lay a

claim against me.... It has pleased the Lord

Soap is precious today... all soap. totlementchooseof meKentucky,as an instrumentbut I thinkformytheworksetAnd because there is so much wasI neverdone hadbeforemuchI left.schooling, Hardy, and

extra washing energy in good youful inknowthe backwoods.that churchesI'mareafraidnot overmy religionplentiFels-Naptha Soap, we urge iswouldn'tof the homemadeseem quitekind,the andrightI darething sayto ita

you to make every last life,parson,son,butandI'veit servedused itmeaswella guideenough.throughIt's

ounce of it work I justin Jesusthis: Christ.To loveToanddo fearall theGod;goodto believeto my

neighbors and myself that I can, and to do as little harm as I can help. And to trust

in God's mercy for the rest.3

International Law Digest, vol. IV, p. 80

ForbesLindsey, Daniel Boone. J. B. Llp3C. H.FELSNAPTHA S0AP banishes7attleTale Gray'pincott2Gordy, History of the United States. 1925 ed. Co., pp. 315317

748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jke (Ldltord J-caqeft

PRESIDENT GRANT

PHOTOGRAPHED IN THE CHARACTERISTIC OCCUPATION OF INSCRIBING A BOOK TO

A FRIEND. THE PHOTO

WAS TAKEN BY BOB DAVIS.

Witk VJ,armest

ood Wished ana<d Ljmetivia&Kjmelmas orot thethe J)eadon>e

TO MY FRIENDS, MY BRETHREN, AND TO ALL GOOD MEN EVERYWHERE

fills so, to me, and of expower my heart beyond my pression, to contemplate that the fact Therewill you,will eachbe noandcardallthisof yearyou, fromacceptme—andthis as my our God

personal greeting. My love and my blessings Heavenly Father and our Lord Jesus Christ have

come with it. visited the earth and again revealed the gospel to

booklets—thousandsFor many years I haveupon sentthousandsout cards,of them.booksI don'tand man;beyondthismyfillspowerme withto tell.thanksgiving and gratitude far

know how many. One year recently as many as ten Constantly I pray that the Lord will bless each and

thousand cards went out; and one Christmas, not so every one of our sons and our loved ones who are

long ago, I sent out as many as three thousand copies away this Christmas, and that he will help each of of one book—and many others besides—and through them to live in accordance with the principles of the

the years there have been many tens of thousands, gospel, so that each may have a claim to the blessings most of which I have personally inscribed. But no of the Lord. I pray that, so far as it accords with the

matter how many have gone, there have always been providences of the Lord, each of them may be preso many more I would like to have remembered—and served from accident, sickness, and death.

this year there are so many Constantly my heart goes out in the deepest symso far away, to whom I pathy for the comforting influence of the Lord to be would like to send greetgiven to the fathers and mothers of the sons who are reach—andings, and whomso I I usecannotthe heartin the andwarsoulat thefor presentthe end oftime.this Iwarprayas withsoon allas mythe

Era to reach you all, and Lord can see fit to have it stop. I pray that the spirit

would like you to know of peace and of increased faith may pervade all nathat it is as though we had tions, and with all the power and authority I have to clasped hands and spoken bless, I invoke God's blessing upon the church as a greetings to each other. whole and upon the honest in heart everywhere.

Always, and more espeMy wife joins me in the wish that you and your cially at the approach of loved ones may have a most enjoyable Christmas and the holiday season, it is a a Happy and Prosperous New Year, and an eternity source of unbounded joy of joy in all the days to come.

Sincerely,

DECEMBER, 1943 749

Ancient Prophets and the

Arise, shine; for thy light is come, and the people fear to give themselves to sacred at its heart, and subsisted through all

glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. things. In this great conflict going on at its adverse fortunes. The Hebrew reFor, behold, the darkness shall cover the the present, it is not only the form and ligion had a forward look. Though it

earth, gross and the darkness people: but are interconception of divine forgot that of past times government at never

the shall arise thee, his Lord and upon glory stake, issue the revelation, unnot only the position golden age and betweenshall thee. seen be upon

restricted competition the nation coof planned yet to and come, a was when the Gentiles shall light, And to thy come life, in operation divine not "greater our manifestation only economic grace of to kings theand brightness rising. of thy our system of education—but civilizaand glory was to be given than any other

tion is driven to accept or reject the final time in the past."When the Israelites

Violence shall no more be heard in thy bases of morals and spiritual life for were taken into captivity at the beginland, wasting nor destruction within thy borders; but thou shalt call thy walls Salvation, and thy gates Praise.

The sun shall be no more thy light by EXCAVATORS

UNCOVER neitherday; for brightness shall the moon

STREETgive light thee: unto shall but the Lord be i PAVEDOF ANCIENT

unto thee an everlasting light, and thy God BABYLON thy glory. BY DIGGING

Thy sun shall no more go down; neither INTODOWNTHE

shall thy moon withdraw itself: for the Lord RUBBLE

shall be thine everlasting light, and the days OF CENTURIES of thy mourning shall be ended.

(Isaiah 60:1-3; 1820.)

is Christmas 1943. All the years

IT have led up to the present moment, and as we look back, we can see the spiritual strength of early America, when the love of liberty was a great and abiding force in the lives of our forefathers. People of America prized

freedom of thought and speech, of press and assembly. They were fiercely resolved to govern themselves, and they

knew that this right would have to be fought and sacrificed for. In our onward march and growth into material

wealth, we have tended to forget these truths because life has been made easy for us. For our sacred truths AmeriUnderwoodPhoto& Underwoodby

cans left bloody footprints in the snows of Valley Forge. For these truths,

Americans perished in their march to open the mighty West. They fought at

Antietam and Gettysburg. They gave which Christ lived and died. The Chrisning of the sixth century B.C., the innertheir lives to the spread of the Christian tian world must rise and hear the words most spring of their lives was faith in a

religion, to science and social service of Elijah of old: "How long halt ye supreme Being. They "set their hopes

in sheer devotion to the ideal of a betbetween two opinions? If the Lord be in God."

ter day. For this better hour, our own God, follow him. But if Baal, follow

men fell in the fury of the Argonne, and him."The world must have a larger The Prophet Jeremiah

as we write these lines, thousands of vision and come to a holier purpose.

the youth of America and other counGod's infinitude in the works of cretries who love their God, are dying on Nations Rise Against Nations ation, his universal providence in histhe battle fronts of the world. HP'hroughout human history, peoples tory,by thewereprophets.preachedJeremiah,with greatthe prophetpower

risen to worldly power have the Exile, taught of the the A who people nations on smaller The Prophet Elijah have of in war made with words, found Deuteronthe book

Eight hundred years before the comthe sole purpose of conquering and enomy: "Thou shalt love the Lord thy

ing of the Messiah, the prophet Elijah slaving them. In the seventh century God with all thy heart, with all thy

came unto the people of Israel and said before Christ, Assyria, Babylon, and soul, and with all thy strength."The

"How long halt ye between two opinChaldea marched with their armies to exiles carried with them the Law of one ions? If the Lord be God, follow him. the cities of Israel to conquer and enGod, and in the teachings of Jeremiah,

But if Baal, follow him."Through the slave the people. Jerusalem had become they learned the worth of the individual

long process of the centuries, even after a city of homes. The land was producman. George Adam Smith writes:

the Redeemer of the world came and tive and irrigation of the soil made desin religion a found Jeremiah had Judah the erts people blossom. were them When gave life and to mankindrestored

affair. individual national a and The their to and public defend forced homes war to to stand and to love admonitionthe God his spiritual being values only from derived religion, prophets, there had were who religion, men revealed truths of thefor the the nation, of through a and member that divinethey assurance inward were until Christhe drifting away beenhave faith. the of national Partly exercises public

tian world has refused to commit itself ly authorized to speak for God. One by his own religious experiences, Jeremiah

to revealed religion, and in its "openremarkable feature of the Hebrew rewas able to accomplish what may be justly mindedness,"so much in fashion today, ligion was this undying hope which lay described as the vindication of the individu750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

New Day

Dm f*'resident <=>Levl Ldaar Ufowna

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

al, of his own separate value before God, and And they shall teach no more every announced the coming of the kingdom of his right of access to his Maker. The man his neighbour, and every man his of God upon the earth. He should be of

the for brother, Lord: saying, belonged of having conscious prophet JKnow was lineage they the as the of David, and who

least all of to his the shall mother, them from me, belonged before he know to God priest the of should Messiah, be the

I the greatest Lord: his of saith them, nation. his the "Before formed family, unto or

thee in the body, I knew thee, and before for I will forgive their iniquity, and I will Most High God and a teacher of the thou comest out of the womb, I consecrated remember their sin no more. (Jeremiah 32: sons of men.

thee."It was in the strength of his solitary 3234.)

experience that he insisted in his famous Isaiah, A Prophet of Holiness responindividual thirtyfirst the chapter on in the history of era a It was new in school national the of adverTt was sibility immediate of communiman's every the occurred, exile the Israel and when A felt sity the prophet suffering that the of cation with people God. Though and

is period suggestive of a B.C. year 600 right responsibility his separate and keenly purified. insight Isaiah's trained and was as the changes, concerns world which to nevertheless "clave to he of God, access it is as times Then, now, were when the for while then known, world was this all in heart, his and the with people light. darkest, for longed men When captivity, into taken suffer to many were them."with chose captivity he Jews

liberty, tyrants longed trampled men most for freedom. When oppression

bore down deeply, men dreamed most for liberty. When war came, men

THE prayed for peace. Man's ultimate dream

BRICK FLOOR is for redemption.. Man's hope is for OF

NEBUCHADNEZZAR'S salvation. Man looks to the coming of

THRONE HALL the Messiah.

Isaiah was the prophet of holiness.

Sitting one day in the temple at Jerusalem during a period of profound meditation he had a vision of God enthroned in heaven. Then it was that he dedicated his life to the Lord. His problem

was to make his conception of Jehovah's holiness the regulative ideal of conduct.

He devoted his life in lifting the nation's religion of ceremonial into a religion of character. Holiness to him was the outstanding characteristic of God, and

Isaiah gave to him the title of the Holy

One of Israel. Though a multitude of

Israel fell away, yet through a faithful remnant, the divine purpose would be accomplished. In Isaiah, sixth chapter,

this is all expressed in the glowing light of a transcendent vision.

The Assyrians under Sennacherib invaded Palestine and threatened to destroy Judah and Jerusalem. Two hundred thousand strong, and with a repuPhoto by tation of reckless cruelty, this large 6 Underwood Underwood

army inspired terror in the hearts of the people. Isaiah stood before the king

and assured him that God would save the city. A plague destroyed much of

Beautifully does he tell how every families left Jerusalem in groups and the army of Sennacherib and the rest man should teach his neighbor and every went to Egypt and other parts of the went back to their country. It was now

man his brother. This is expressed in world. King Zedekiah was a contemthat Judah gained control of the valuthe thirtyfirst chapter of Jeremiah porary of Jeremiah, and during his reign, able Red Sea trade, which meant comhis family with Lehi one was African, directed mercial contact with Arabian, that the to covenant according I made Not wilderness to into the the Lord go exmerchants. His work and Indian their in the fathers them by took with day that I

by the hand to bring them out of the land and finally across the seas to a land tended over a period of forty years. As

of Egypt; which my covenant they brake, alwhich in time became known as Ameriresident of Jerusalem, he was a member

though I was an husband unto them, saith ca. It is in accordance with this sublime of the upper class and was a friend of

the Lord: trust in God by Israel that a whole series kings. Isaiah ranks as one of the great-

I will that this shall covenant be the But in holy of are prophecies found politicians of all Israel, writ est prophets and

Israel: those of After the with house make directing as the of speaks which in "politician,"the God using and word we I in will saith the put days, law Lord, my

era, resulted of cause fulfils which definition of this new the one mean who it parts, in their their write and inward hearts; and will be their God, and they shall in the coming of his only Begotten Son, Aristotle when he defines "politician"

be my people. to redeem men from their sins and who (Concluded on page 780)

IDECEMBER, 1943 751 PEACE PALACE, THE HAGUE, NETHERLANDS

Symbol—Netherlandsof man's Informationhope Bureau Photo

BORDER

By ELLIS T. RASMUSSEN

and JOHN ROBERT KEST

Editors: INSIDE GERMANY

T am submitting to you two articles dealing with the evacuation of missionaries from Germany in the late summer of 1939, when hostilities were commencing By Ellis T. Rasmussen

on the border of Poland. The first article is by Elder Ellis T. Rasmussen, a missionary then laboring Mission, the German and Elder in the West second by John glanced into my diary today and

of the Kest Robert Netherlands Mission. found:

of introduction it permit earlier By say that way one year ap- I me to when peared that war was inevitable the missionaries from the two German missions Donnerstag, den 31 August, 1939; Kobenthose the were removed, from East going into Mission those German and Denmark that learn [Copenhagen] haven We

the from into the Mission going Netherlands. West the German through When had to leave for America.: are we Wetodayhave

efforts of Minister Neville Prime of Chamberlain Britain temGreat peace was here, in all and have experience a wonderful porarily these patched up, missionaries fields returned to their of labor. respective these blessed. leave good must been Now we

at that that if hostilities time should It was agreed at a later same date the come to Schicksal lands what people and goodly procedure would be followed, this plan being understood by all of the mission [fate] neither we nor they know; we return

presidents who were concerned. unto our own homeland, and peace. I am

Thursday, August 24, 1939, we were in Hanover holding a meeting with thankful for what I have.

the missionaries when word was received from the first presidency for us to notify all of the missionaries to pack and be prepared on a moment's notice to I recall now how we felt about midevacuate Germany. President M. Douglas Wood left our meeting to send this night of August 25, just before the war.

the to of his mission, intermissionaries continued message and without we last for late train minutes the Ten until ruption through. notice Similar sent were also to President been had allwe stimulus north, the of under and a the of Alfred Mission. night, C. Rees East held 24, 1939, That German August we of published score Flugblaettev newly in meeting a public giving intimation without Hanover of any that any movement

missionaries was contemplated. announcing that all railroads fortyEarly the next morning word came from the first presidency for the missioneight hours hence would be put at the

aries in Germany to leave as soon as possible. President M. Douglas Wood and primary disposal of the rapidly mobilizhis wife immediately returned to Frankfurt, headquarters of the mission, by air, ing army, my companion and I checked

and Sister Smith and I, accompanied by Elder Arnold Hildebrant, left by train. our baggage and sat down on the lee-

I arrived in Frankfurt, instructing there the presidency a from message was When little of windshelter of side out a ward to either immediately, into headquarters move Holland me or Denmark, set up and at station 2 of the Bahnsteig main

I interests after could the missionaries of look the where missions the and to do. figure try to to out what in Weimar trouble. the several impending remarkable experiences occurred There were which

at this time, but which I need not mention. Trains east, trains west, but none north.

That same night, August 25, Sister Smith and I took train for The Hague, Well, that wasn't so difficult: we

headquarters of the Netherlands Mission, feeling that this point would be more simply took a train east, to Halle, where centrally located in relation to the missions. When we reached the border of we walked about the streets until 8:30

officials, after to surprise Holland, great our stopped the were Dutch by and we a.m., camera, bought us a caught and a

finally that permitted to enter country argument were because some we we had mainliner the for out Holand Hanover tickets for sail in the to France. twelve boat about Bordeaux, from days which was

border. land a camera That good was told that hours emphatically, could were twentyfour however, but have we We

it idea, thought; take could with we we in Holland.

On arriving at The Hague, we soon discovered that the missionaries who had us, but couldn't have taken the money reached that border had been stopped, that is, most of them. When we learned which we paid for it. Later on we

this, President Franklin J. Murdock of the Netherlands Mission, on my advice, wished we had the cash.

all to missionaries the in remaining his President head mission wired have Wood I recall, too, early the morning how this for done. immediately and Denmark, was that marketgoers congested the day

I that these missionaries that could learned enter Holland, not I saw When print sidewalks the about of shops I, too, in to find fashion train into would have some Denmark. go way by my To

.. Halle. Osten! "Drang nach. Auch question. the through of out to back be seemed boat Germany was by To go

equally impossible under the circumstances. We therefore sought passage by air. Dirchau befteit!"Eastward the armies

When President Murdock telephoned and asked for passage for Sister Smith were racing, pushing, blasting their way and me by plane, he was informed that every reservation for days was taken. to "free"the "oppressed"Germans in

We asked that the first opening on the plane for Denmark be granted us. It was the Corridor. "Der Hitler, der kann

this early 27, in the request In the August Sunday, morning made. when was everything, can do any and Alles!"—he seats afternoon the telephone rang vacated and the word had been that two came muttermarket-goers some of the were that o'clock, leaving at five at the plane afternoon as o'clock or seventeen on

didn't Others didn't say even much; later, ing. time. in they reckoned them and arrived some two hours Denmark We took

their heads. they recalled shake Maybe arrived. missionaries leaving before of the thus arriving were most Germany who

From this point, Copenhagen, the evacuation of the missionaries out of Europe the other war; we had been well acwas conducted. quainted with quite a number of folk

Now for the stories of these two elders. who did, vividly, and not pleasantly,

Joseph Fielding Smith and who said wishfully if not confidentOf the Council of the Twelve ly, "Der Fuehrer will keinen Krieg!"—

752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Holland unless we had steamer tickets to take us on out. Well, we would get

steamer tickets if necessary! No use;

we were no exception.

Back in Bentheim we chose a spokesman to call The Hague and ask President Murdock of the Dutch Mission whether we were the last left in GerNCIDENT many and what we should do. He

wasn't in, but would call when he came.

We waited. Night came on—twenty-

v storu from the missionary euacuation nothingfour hoursfromhadanyone.passed-—andWe pooledwe heardour

souvenir marks and took rooms in a in (L-urope in 1939 when war stood on hoteldidn't likefor usthearoundnight,theasstationborderwaitingpolice room. We left instructions to forward

the threshold our awaited telephone call.

XText morning we pretended it was our save Fast Day to he what bring gathered he would knew war was; some1 call. use. for emergency into Thinking of them, No them no war! companions. waningWemoneywanWeothercheckedmissionariesover our suras

we saw but pathos in the tranquil counplus cash ( everything above ten marks ) dered down to town about noon and try scenes we traversed, in the mother sent it back to someone to hold it for us bought a bag of Broetchen [bread rolls] and her babe scratching about the cabfor a time; perhaps we'd be back to use and a jar of jam. Served up with Hitlerbages near their frugal little Gartenit later. Some of the brethren sent all Jugend knives for cutlery, it filled the

haus, waving to us. We felt it pathetic they had, thinking it would be useless in hungry spot for a while. Still no call.

that she and her babe should seem symHolland anyway. We decided to go down and try the

of didn't know, again. border loneliness bolic the of to us coming many We for as the looked border we We the of Dutch Kest course, that Elder suffer. probably to Another young were it. little passed, There but to mark saw

all to trying do day been Mission train had in the in compartment our mother line barrivisible of barbedwire a was for side, the other for us on something to grandma's. Yes, her babe was taking little obstructions concrete cade with

hadn't side our station attendant on last night, she answered he had left to stop as I had the the meant tanks—such for that had come a call reported said little next to they her; and woman seen earlier the former boundary on

couldcross the border; couldn't we looked out the window, Austria and Sudetenland of We but between more—just us. call Frankback; swiftrotating landscape n't go we couldn't none of the Czechoslovakia.

could nothing of furt; attention. their we knew supposed caught we We passed baggage Our inspection—they misother been there then, had just do. But they looking because they were of in it us asked most what was

difficult spots, as in we sionaries us, more impress to expected whoever were for loaded Rotterdam. on was—andmerely bit some about quite a their thought be, that knew; they proud might were we we first our occasion to wonder. Then came to called been had brethren the of who gone. had men that passports a taken our had The man promises the of made first lands foreign and where were Hanover, we From station mile the out from came Dutch and Doctrine our to according into find to seats, to them, or even able to crowd told to us him. follow with them and

the of of the Covenants. out hallway a compartment followed Schnellour him through We talk. car, to young men we listened Well, it came. Just as we were about into the other out side, and a little zugt

But they didn't say much either; they motortrain beyond, where he gave us to leave, in walked Elder Kest. I must

didn't ask us where were even to we as his story to (p. 793) you east! leave started passports and our goback we

from. ing, Everyhad where or come a we without border the crossed he how Didn't were? Hadn't he know we who

least, there. that, at usually did over inone passed passport, his in visa German told cared be would him someone we

for by the church if necessary, and that spections without surrendering the tickHolland, hardly rolled at on toward arrived us, to TI7e and bringing ets he was didn't to long in intend Holland? stay we

* * it, all... leaving feeling were crucial we moment. the We of learn our "decause the tried to We

diner; in the a omelet luxurious ate a best to portation"of Germany; I recall back we studying a Kursbuch Then

mark and thirtyfive pfennige wasn't could find was that some sort of blanketall the train schedules in Germany in many cents at our exchange. There rule prohibited us from coming into hopes of finding a train on which we

being served. weren't many omelets

well. all went At Bentheim, It was our WilliamiAmong Thayne,the groupClaytonnow wereLarsen,EldersW. RayoHaws, Parker,Frank couldmark. proceedElder Kestinlandmerelyand explainedtoward Denthat

last stop in Germany, and we now had Knutti, and I. few of the brethren were in Holland

'".'.'.'.'.'..':''-.'."."."-. -". ''.-.: '.:/ ': -.. '-:; '..".."/.'. and that no more could come in, as no

foreigners were being admitted. We

hoped Denmark wouldn't be that way!

All I got from the Kursbuch and the information desk was that the last train through had left for the day. That night,

our fortyeight hours would be up. So

we decided to try a local train to Salzbergen, and hope for something thereafter....

The gateman at the tracks asked us where we were going. "Nach Osnabtueck,"we said. "Not with this ticket!"

Not with that? How then? He looked

the booklet of tickets over, turned the ( Continued on page 793

DANISH LANDSCAPE

"War seemed far removed.'

"Photo C. M. Newman

DECEMBER, 1943 753 I

Pioneer DIARY jam

here is rugged enough—drivers feed

with scrubby pine, hemlock, cottonwood, 6c, very thinly scattered, with bluffs presenting the appearance of well fortified castles, the inhabitants of which exclude themselves from our view, altho'2 grizzly bears had been seen. Last night had a fine shower.

Travfeled] 52 m[ile]s.

Tuesday, August 10. We had a fine

show'r in the night—this morfning]

FORDING THE PLATTE while waiting for Capt. G[rant] to

up, Prest. that he [John] 6 old meeting "Like friend,"an writes Eliza R. Part X as the of several makes Snow company one crossinos trav. the have with comeYfoung]—who River, of the Platte whioh, tributary of as a the

us. 1847- -Nearing other 50, might with Fort M[argaret go Laramie Missouri has flanked all route the pioneer the way

from Quarters, continuing past Winter Hollow, Ash pies, Peirce] qualities 2 baked berry the

Scott's Rock, Bluffs, Chimney Fort Laramie, and Thursday, 5. night, August Last tested. are to of which yet be had as Platte. Butte the Red Devil's North Gate From We Taylor's com. which at pass'd we will pioneer follow of the Platte an company the arm treat for of a breakfast, goose wild

as the known River. Sweetwater noon, crowded onto herding our place Sis. kill'd last driver Wiler's which

painting in a the Scott's Bluff—From herd Museum. mixed, 6c. this started—the We is hilly night. today road very The 6 in by Strebel Photograph Brighton George themor. after them pass'd them 6 6 collection. University 1936 Caravan Young Art but are hard, not rocky annoy'd we 6sevferal] other dust, stop with pies dine our on 6 6 com[panie]s—pass'd lota of Indian Indians huts—sevferal] feed for cattle—I rode with milk-—no I [er] in treat the a Chase have Moth 6 outcame to meet we us—all sis. quiet—as in afterthe [Jedediah Grant M.] baptiz'd, eve. Cloward Jacob 6c My incame up rear the of C, C. Rich's is quite some better. health noon—she supp'd Spaniard feeble—cross'd much Acom. the left the road in on which we little beautiful streams night towards us, with Taylor on enc[amped] Johntrav. being vacant, Capt. Tfaylor] in the spring one morning—was warm Island. the the side other it.trav. in Br. right from the Duel to high see the amus'd which peak was

7. is well Saturday, All overcame August in crowded 2 ex- 6 wagons; this surside to said ms. Laramie, 50 be

this,cept all union our some may harmony. was enincrease—but We cloud, at white rounded with a some things call calculated the to near seem thecamp fording up place. eve At distance the summit. from encamp We feelings of theCapt. the heart Peirce returns human to 6 show the wigwams m[ile]s the F[or]t. 30 from selfishness least at of of usor rather man. Some gentleFrench tents—findsmen at supper with Indian servants feel somewhat indignant in consequence Wednesday, August 11. We cross

the meal consisted of light bread, coffee of a letter from Capt. G[rant] to P[arthe stream on which we encamp 'd last

6 meat serv'd on the ground with the ley P.] Pfratt] stating things deroganight—I am sick all day—the roadtin dishes, 6c. We have a sprinkle of tory to the benevolent feelings of the rough—considerably between bluffsrain—very dry; Indians visit us. Trav. 1 st 50—whether true or false may hereenc[amp] on a stream near "Kimball's

ms.\2]/2 Friday, August 6. 1 Cross the river they after bearrive—Capt.proven. It is nearlyG[rant]nightsick—when Chas.Springs"G] ofRichgoodcomescoldup,water.trav. 15[Gen.ms.

Sis. dinner with took supp'dwhich here Holmes has a 6 bottom. We 12. the Thursday, Cross August Sis. with Noble.cross the old below built are stonyFort—both cold stream more 6 en [camp]—findof brick. unburnt miles 5 belittle go 8. at Sunday, August shower We A springs plenty of 6 Mary wood—sis.yond 12. before encamp Capt. is 6 this [Jed. in thing a rare which counnoon fine girl in [oble] to birth gives her a NM.] sent Grant having for stop us to sisters of com. our have try—the I Sis. tea din'd with a wagon. Wiler ontill arrive. they Ch[arles] Dfilworth"Sis. meeting. Taylor come. Leonard 6 biscuit. light up. 50 2nd come The 6 Br. Ellsworth P."to P[arley go6 spirit his in a pour'd us Lord The upon the for burned Charcoal was campP[ratt] for permission for to some Riter the receiv'd copious effusion—sis. tar five gallons blacksmiths, of and theleave go gift Comfpany] start tongues. of ahead—he to 6 move made A the of companies. one by made thethrows responsibility Capt. in cattle upon the eve, the but with mix'd

[Jos. B.] N[oble], who will not take it other herds 6 takes too long to find Friday, August 13. Spent the day

by giving consent, 6c, 6c, 6c The them. Sis. P[eirce] blest M[argaret] with Sis. N[oble], Her babe not well.

feed good on a little island—we have at our meet. 6 in the gift of tongues 6 [John] Taylor and [A. O.] Smoot comeplenty of wood 6 water 6 before bedunited our hands, 6c up—Sis. Hunter calls, informs us of the

flatter (i.e.time ourselves, Sis[ter] hailstorm which we 9. August Monday, Move on—leavePeirce myself) that the en'd us, but pass'd go 6 their ahead the blacksmith 2nd 50 doing lastround—sheeve[ning] saidthreatthe work

feeling will be subdued 6 all stop 6 with coal that father Chase burnt for us, stones were large as small walnuts 6 recruit the teams, repair wagons, 6c. 6c. We are now among the much celewhitened the ground.

in Sis. 14. apostles the LThe Salt Saturday, "black brated [A. O.] Great reLake August Capt. EdValley

covenantsnewed baptism, the rest of by and called mor[ning]. the hills"—passfind that P[arley P.] Smoot ward Hunter 6 on me inthe after companytheir their followed soon example. Including stolen stop the detachment the had 10 horses has gone Battalion Mormon and Pfratt] by the They by 6 2 colts on—weSaints Mississippi, from arrived a had few days ofwho last. grass, I din'd the Ind[ians] night before of a patch river where we findbefore, there souls were about 400 in the Valley.—

noJournal History currants 6 buffalo berries—the country with Sis. Leonard on pot pie—gave

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I

brought up, 16 are not to be found—do

not find them thro'the day. William

[Baldwin] is out on foot & alone for his ox which is gone with the rest—we

feel very anxious for him on account of the large wolves & Indians. I go to

Mothfer] Chase's—hear that Pioneers

arrived have at the upper camps—thatOF [Pres. Brigham Young's company] the City [Salt is City] Lake laid out 6c.

Sis. H. [? ] calls while we are having

Weeks—finda rich treat fromher better—supon high, callatonhomesis.

Cllza IK. on a rabbit potpie. Tuesday, August 1 7. The men go in

search of the cattle. The sis[ters] meet

in the grove for prayer—we have a time

not to be forgotten. Bless the Lord, O

gift of his holy I got out spirit—before now ofmy soul, yea, I do praise him for the I the grove, heard that the brethren] were on track of the cattle

went home with sis. Young, read the

letter from the Pioneers by Porter of ROBERT PE1RCE captain was 1 he the Pioneers & Bro. Binley of the soltheOftenten andmentionedhead ofin thethe familydiary, Eliza with which diers—the letter brought the most traveled. From an old tintype. of

tice to all the 100 & met in the aft[ercheering int [erest], dated Aug. 2d, stating that they in the beautiful were valfor noon] glorious a worship—had

ley of the Great Salt Lake, that they time. receiv'd 3 the gift of tongues had ing Sis. Gfrant] is better—thinks the

the "spirit of the Holy Ghost"was truly that morning commen c'd surveying the pickled pork I obtain'd of I. Ashby did

good. it is "a goodly their her pour'd the land'& people eve young City—that out—last

souls are satisfied. August 18.* Capt. Wednesday, from The soldiers for met a dance Baker's boys & br. &

others intruded with much insolence Pueblo & the breth [ren] from Miss [is- G[rant] started early to meet the men they are tried this eve before the bishsippi] have arriv'd & they number in all who are in pursuit of the cattle—comop's court, &c, &c. This 50 burn a coal 450 souls & know not one dissatisfied menc'd raining about noon—Sis.

I din'd with br. [John] Y[oung] & 50 2d are having their work P[eirce] is better—the men do not repit—the lady Robinson turn. from Rich's & L. Camp. they done that start tomorrow may

Sis. P[eirce] sick of in consequence also are manufacturing night 19. Last we Thursday, tar—Capt.

is effecting which her hands 1 [A. O.] Smoot's in and the & rained 50 galpoison Com. made forepart—betweenAugust face, the 'd in their her sis. remember cattle the from lons]. [break] 2 our brake

meeting—she heard her from son return in pursuit go & men 15. Sunday, start August 50 The yard—the 2d that he not was been homeof in mor[ning]. the them with One well—had [Loven] sent for Weeks—sis. me—Prest. to going Y[oung] was found to not be Pfeirce's] Capt. sick—that spent hours sevferal] with her—call'd keep his him side, on &c, which comis it to best after consulting, thought sis. sis. on with [Amos Holmes—din'd forted her. a sprinkle smart have We strength with forward what we move sis. H.] Neff—vis[ited] Grant & rain of near night—Prest. [John] in of [eirce] search Capt. goes have. P after pit, N[oble] walking tar to &c. Young, Capt. [Jedediah] Capt. & other after his the waiting are ox & we [eirce] Capt. loses an P rig Noble for themselves theox—yesterSis. leave. a brings Wiler Tens me Grantherding—they day] Sister Forsgreen saw F. M. & out bring in go and the herd which Capin the horsewaiting tea while of bowl sitting Granger in pass the front the of tain [eirce] P but recommended was all less for bless her buggy. Lord The [P. P.] P[ratt] wagon—J[ohn] & in. oppos'd heart reto was made My the for pray'r kindness me. to her start for My the Young, Pioneers,* very joice at seeing our officers 3 head united is his will that pour out God Camp blustering in the rain aft[ernoon] but no in is one surely in accordance the Spirit to have upon seem thing—it of any consequence. us—we with the sis. prayers of the This mornofficers difficulty the most most when 16. August Monday, motion was A fill us. thy with Lord! with them O to cattle made the are start—when THE PIONEER JOURNEY their them hearts—incline areSpirit—unite

sTo Dates meet President the on are Brigham those and map on which Young company the advance blessings to for thy thee seek to unto returning company from Salt under Lake the arrived to Valley Brigham on back at Young these way this rest uphold upon we points, is Quarters. route the but Winter the described same in the people—may

diary. them by the pray'r of faith. Capt.

P [eirce] finds the ox that stray'd last night & we go on—ascend a hill where

every team has to double. Capt.

P [eirce] 's horses gone after the cattle he fastens the carriage to a wagon the women walk. I ride with br. Hendricks. Sis. Love is 4 run over with a heavy loaded wagon. We encamp before night on a small creek—I bake the pancakes for supper—rains quite a

show'r before we get supper. M[ar-

(Continued on page 783)

sNearly half of the 143 original Pioneers left Great

Salt Lake Valley with ox teams, on their return to

Winter Quarters for their families, with Brigham

Young in charge of the company. August 26 the second

company of returning Pioneers left for Winter Quarters,4A whereSister Lovethey wasarrivedrun Octoberover by 31.a wagonJournalloadedHistorywith

sixteen hundred pounds. One wheel ran over her

breast. She was administered to and was around

again in a day or two. From Kirtland to Salt Lake

City, p. HO

DECEMBER, 1943 755

CHRIST, CHRISTMAS, By T. EDGAR LYON and Savita Licau5

Associate Director, Salt Lake L.D.S.

Institute of Religion, University of Utah yet other festival symbols which survived into Christianity for no good reason, except that they were deeply rooted in the social customs of the peoleaders, church of the the teachingsNo custom is more universally celeple.With the passing of the years, under

ancient the forgot gradually Christmas—abrated by Christiansfestive thanoccasionthat ofin people

commemoration of the birth of Jesus of pagan celebrations. They entered into

Nazareth. Strange as it may appear, the colorful ceremonies of the Christhowever, Christians in various parts of mas season and, after a generation or

the world are not agreed concerning the two, December 25 was accepted in the date of the Savior's nativity. The mempublic mind as the real birthday of the

bers of the Church of Jesus Christ of Savior. The newer generations soon

Latterday Saints participate in the forgot the pagan significance of many

Christmas celebrations traditional in of the customs they observed in conthose lands in which they live. They do nection with the activities of the holiday

not, however, accept such occasions as season. In each land distinctive tradithe actual date of the birth of Christ. tions were perpetuated and new ones

that revelation they modern knowFrom Christtimes until in developed, modern 1 In various natal day.April 6 is his Christian different in the mas customs

it of era hasearly periods the Christian lanthe than varied are lands more

April, observedbeen March, in January, of date nations. of those The guages

the in this country ma- 2 Evenand May. thing only the Christmas was about

jor divisions of Christianity are not that all of the lands had in common.

agreed concerning this day, some celebrating it in December, others in JanuTn America we are guilty of having ary. The uncertainty of this date is * made an addition of doubtful value

attested by the prefatory note to the to the Christmas celebration, namely

Roman Catholic Christmas masses: that of Saint Nicholas or Santa Claus.

The exact day of our Lord's birth on How did this intruder become identified earth has never been revealed to us; but the with the Christmas celebration to such

Roman Church has, from early ages, set an extent that he has almost crowded apart for its solemn celebration the twentyJesus out of the Christmas season? St.

fifth day of December.8 In view of these already widespread Nicholas, according to tradition, was

, in In early days of the Roman Church, customs of feasting and celebrating at Bishop of Myra, Lycia ( Asia Minor )

December 25 was observed as the day this season of the year, and the firmness the early fourth century. He was a man

of St. Anastasia, a Christian martyr. It with which these customs were rooted of wealth who used his money to do

was not until late in the fourth century in the lives of the people, it is no wonder good deeds, but swore those whom he (apparently 353 or 354 A.D.) that the that the Christians superimposed the aided to secrecy. He especially proRoman Church first designated Decemcelebration of Christ's birthday upon tected and befriended students, and prober 25 as the day to commemorate the this season. By so doing, they accomvided the dowries for daughters of imbirth of the Messiah. plished three things. First, they capitalpoverished parents, that they might maradvantage. to their best ry for festal period on the traditional this the ized done? Apparently Why was

his Following death, many tales were of experiences it a season and made isexplanation to in the fact be found that in nearly every western land of Christcentered rejoicing. Second, they told by his benefactors concerning his

the northern hemisphere the closing weakened the influence that surviving magnanimous deeds, and numerous days of December had, from time impaganism might have on new converts traditions grew up concerning him. He

memorial, been the days for the year's to the Christian church by offering a became a saint through popular acclaim greatest festivities. In some northern substitute for their customary pagan and was adopted throughout Europe as

lands it was the celebration of the celebrations. Third, they retained, but the patron saint of boys, girls, students,

winter solstice, when the sun, as it were, reinterpreted, giftgiving, prayers, sacyoung ladies seeking suitable marriages, was born again. In others, it was the rifices, use of lights, colors or other bankers, pawnbrokers, and sailors. So

feast of Yule (Jule, Iol, or Iul) in honor symbolism wherever they had been part great was his popularity that at one of the pagan god, Thor. Romanized of the pagan ceremonies, giving them a time he was probably revered more than

lands celebrated with much merriment significance referring to Jesus. any other saint, with the exceptions of

the Feast of the Saturnalia after DeAn acquaintance with the customs Peter and Mary.

cember 7. Jews celebrated the "Feast of connected with the celebration of He became the patron saint of Russia

Lights"( Feast of Dedication ) from DeChristmas in European lands in this and of many of the Italian and Spanish cember 17 to December 25. Mithraism, century indicates, however, that while seaports; numerous church edifices in

one of the most widespread of the anthe observance of the Savior's birthday France, Belgium, Germany, and the cient mystery religions and one of the has been adopted as December 25, the Scandinavian countries were dedicated most serious competitors of Christianity old pagan forms were never entirely to him; in England alone more than four

in his churches named were centuries,in celebrated of the use the early the overcome. For instance, hundred4

the honor. with day, in accordance His of its seabirthday god, Mithras, the Christmas straw goats during on December 25. son in Sweden is evidently a survival of Calendar of Saints commemorated by

in the Church, masses Roman Catholic fertility cult; the Yule an ancient pagan Covenants doctrine and 6. celebrated December the is unChristian symbol; is another and 2Mathews Smith, A Dictionary20:1 o[ Religion and Log

Ethics, 8F. X.p. Lasance,96 The New Missal for Every D*g. fruit or Christmas cakes of most lands, (Continued on page 791

p. 169 and the use of mistletoe and holly are Encyclopedia Britannica, vol. 16, p. 416

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BAPTISTE <? IJ2.JUJoman

ANN WOODBURY HAFEN

Cynopsisson of theof PartFrenchmanI: TheCharbonneauyouth, Baptiste,and

the Shoshone maid Sacajawea, who won fame as the guide of the Lewis and Clark expedition into the great northwest, has come to St. Louis to seek permission from General

Clark, now in charge of the Indian affairs of the west and selfappointed guardian of

Baptiste, to go to Europe with Prince Paul,

German explorer who has taken a keen personal interest in him. General Clark sees an

overseas stay as the means of giving Baptiste skill in many languages, an understanding of many peoples; he visions him becoming the West's foremost guide and interpreter, promoter of good will between red

man and white. The general gives his assent,

while his thoughts go back in swift review of that marvelous expedition on which

Baptiste, as papoose, had accompanied theexplorers to the Everywhere-saltwater—

the upstream haul in the pirogues, the narrow escape from cloudburst in a ravine, the friendly meeting with Sacajawea's own people in the Stony Mountains, and the final wondrous descent of the Columbia. There

on an inlet near the mouth of the river, the explorers had camped for the winter....

Part II (Conclusion)—Illustrated by John Henry Evans, Jr.

long the Baptiste monthsThrough learned to toddle about sturdy ONCE, FOR ELEVEN DAYS, HE WANDERED on legs and even to dance at the ALONE,FROM A LOSTBEAVERIN THESKINWILDS,HE HADDRINKINGFILLED.WATER

sound of the fiddle. He helped his father

cook elk steaks before the fire. He

tugged at the new buckskin shirts and Through the dangerous Blackfeet Scarcely had Captain Clark gone his elkskin moccasins which his mother country the explorers made their way way, when he dispatched a letter urging seemed forever to be sewing. He rolled on horses until they reached the MisCharbonneau to bring his family down

his black eyes when the young men souri waters. Then in boats which they to St. Louis to live, where Clark might

jollied him. And he clapped his hands had cached on the outward journey, oversee the boy's education.

whenever Clark paused in his endless they floated down the river. Swarms of

writing to take the little fellow on his huge mosquitoes hovered over the Coon, Baptiste with his father and knee or to toss him in the air. water. Sacajawea brushed continually * mother were floating down the great

Once Baptiste went by boat down to to keep her baby from their hungry river to the strange city of the white the big ocean where a whale had been bites. When endless lines of buffalo men. For the next few years, while his

washed ashore. Already the Indians had swimming the river held up the boat's father went off on trading expeditions,

stripped its bones. When Baptiste and passage, the buzzing insects were almost Baptiste and Sacajawea remained under

his mother saw Captain Clark stand upunbearable. the care of the kind redhead captain.

right in its open mouth, they were At last the expedition was safely back Sometimes the boy's tutor was a Cathfrightened at the hugeness of the bony at the Mandan Indian villages on the olic priest or a nun. Sometimes it was

cave. Some ecolay, fat of the whale, Missouri River, where the Charbon- a Baptist minister. But the young halfthe travelers carried back to the fort to neaus first had joined the explorers. Bebreed went on learning as the white

vary the flavor of lean elk meat on fore departing for St. Louis, Captain boys did. With quill, ink, and paper he

which they were subsisting. Clark perched young Baptiste upon his practiced to become the skilful penman.

Since food was none too plentiful in shoulders, and as he capered with the His lessons were taught to him in the explorers'camp, with early spring laughing boy he asked: French, the language of his father. He

the party started homeward toward St. "Charbonneau, why don't you let me came to wear the hat and shoes of the

Louis, over two thousand travel miles have this little fellow? I would rear him white boy, to share the games of his

away. The bearded longhaired men as my own son, educate him. I'd make white playmates. Clark, who had loved

now wore new buckskin clothes made of him the best interpreter of the West. the dancing boy, Baptiste, of the overIndian style—long hunting shirts, leg- I'd—"land journey, grew to love the brightgings, and moccasins. But at the look of fear that came into eyed lad of promise.

When they reached the Stony Mounthe young mother's eyes he stopped. Thus, with occasional visits to the

tain country it was rootdigging time. "Perhaps when he is a little older you wilds, went the life of Baptiste. All

Consequently, they could not find Sacamight let me have him then. Of course, agreed that he must learn the ways of

jawea's people, who had journeyed to he is too young to leave his mother the hunter and trapper if he were to bethe root grounds. now."(Continued on page 784)

DECEMBER, 1943 757 [PQtaD

TJeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through

KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 12:00 noon

11:00 a.m. Central Time, War Time, 10:00 a.m. Mountain WarBy RICHARD L. EVANS Eastern Pacific 9:00 a.m. War Time. and War Time,

IA/ku Iflot Uru Kepentcmce! >ome Lurrant rfote6 on arturdto/n

sleightof-hand of the technique characteristicirpHE per- \l"7e challenginghave read somewhereidea: "Thecurrentlygreater athebrieftruth,statementthe greaterof a what he doesn't attention from is to divert former

that those who the record will show Certainly danger."the want he does what on focus attention see to and uswant generally the world before truths, great advocated line have of disarming and a casual employ see.us to He may The in great danger. stood often them, have accepted has all to one purpose: false motions,talk few or a or both—but

all fields and learning thought of in of martyrdom history seem unreality off reality and to make minds ourto take real. In some respects the illustration would seem to have will bear this out. Prophets who have forecast coming

generathe but their testimony, for died often events have pattern current of our pattern to thepertinence living—a fulfilment the sorrow, to their see, often to lived tions have so problems, immediate with crowded soso complicated,

dominated by startling news, that we sometimes stand in of prophetic word. Those who in the field of science have

danger of thinking too much about what is happening and wrested from the unknown an understanding of things hereobjects the often been have unbelieved, untaught and tofore not effects and about muchnot enough why—too have of them persecution. ridicule, Some and scorn, of not and symptoms about much aboutenough aboutcauses—too have of them vindication, some and their to see lived own about goes doctor disease. who The the aboutenough

prescribing for symptoms only, may relieve the patient, not, but the long list of martyrs to truth is a frightening but the chances for permanent cure are not so good unless monument to human stupidity, ignorance, and intolerance.

he looks beyond symptoms to discover causes. This figure As one poetphilosopher expressed it: "Against stupidity

(Schiller.) But in vain."contend themselves living, the very Gods of current the pattern to pertinence to have also seems

they aren't past, and to the all confined are not martyrs of sypmtoms are upheavals economic social and because religion. who, Those fields science and of the all to confined symptom is a symptom deeper; war and something also—a are evils current against crusade to undertake example, for while of lives in the cause men—and, underlying of some

ridicule and scorn and cynicism with martyrs, often while, very and war, to for end an pray and work devoutly we lives, intheir of act every Sometimes them. upon heaped the is unreservedly problem immediate nation, our as a

is things, paraded personal sacred and intimate and cluding the find should peace of if coming the the of war, winning it profession business and those whose public for view by be would expectancy a reasonable untouched, cause basic matter reputations. how smear is twist and No to words not, does of a war winning recur. The to for the malady

if to undertakes be, he life man's may a irreproachable It righteousness. national or personal assure example, for be to evil, expect profitable he may or popular a oppose incontinence, unchastity or hate, or or greed outlaw doesn't prophet obstructionist, a an public enemy, as a represented things, such yet ambition. And inordinate or deception or

printable, less by things other good many a and doom, of festering the are brood, kindred innumerable their with such for doing motives facilities and the have those who hearts the from peace drive they because war, of causes to not scruples the or conscience the haven't things and who centuries these formula many the Isaiah spoke of men. practices, fallacious but popular opposes them. it who do He ". sea, when.. troubled like the are the wicked since: and trends dangerous against contends sees and is he dirt. who There mire and cast up waters rest, whose cannot

least the in a is inviting martyrdom schemes, 21.) sense—at (Isaiah 57:20, wicked."the to saith God, peace, no my politisocial and perhaps his of martyrdom be no there can reputation—and wicked, for the is peace if no there And departure quickening if sees a a man But cal martyrdom. been or repented have until the wicked for anyone peace the if sees he and fundamentals, ideals and hardwon from go must repentance sphere. But proper their to confined

his moving are which tendencies of gaining momentum It be must wicked.""the as are known those beyond who bottom the at precipice a toward people his or generation false unreality, from from general a repentance—repentance speak to obligation has an wreckage, certain lies he of which causes. ignoring while treating symptoms We thinking, from

is. philosophy popular currently the matter what his no mind attengive more is and happening what beyond look must the to added becomes his and mind if speak does he to trusted And if history be don't, If may and we'tion why. to

it is so, doing for persecuted been have list of those who breathing a merely to be will continue itself, peace repeat presenting new a cost of high the of evidence one more will not be a popular This of conflict. periods spell between

truth, greater the the one. True, old an or defending But truth popular. been never have messages conclusion. Such

greater the been else has nearly everything will show that the record it, advocates retry not is Athecontemporarydanger, sometimes,generationto theis slowindividualto forgivewho success. permanent tried without Now why

pentance!—October 3, 1943. those who think and see ahead of them or who invite atten758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion to their follies. But the greater the truth, the greater

the safety ultimately for all—and martyrs for truth somehow 2Jke Lonient of tke Ljovemed

peace and greater with much forever, living ofhave a way statement—"If men the with is accredited Penn them. opposed have life those who than insatisfaction TJJiluam.* bad."10, 1943. be cannot On first hearing, government—October "be good,

one may be inclined to challenge the idea, but a more studied

Lyedterdat tomorrow considerationtrue that thereofmayit willbe revealexceptions;its fundamentalit is true thattruth.historyIt is

tyrants and peoples, the future. for by unwilling of planning thinking and and subjugation of faculty is thep\NE of the distinguishing attributes of intelligence in men records innumerable incidents of conquest, forced slavery,

invalidate not harvest. exceptions do apparent But these It usurpers. so that to plant we may us causes this thatIt is

is this that gives us the wisdom to save a part of our harvest the rule. In the first place, no tyrant stands alone. He must

so that we may plant and harvest again. It is the assurance have a large following to support him in his infamies. And

of a future that induces us to work beyond the point of the fact that he can secure a following large enough to satisfying our immediate needs. It is in anticipation of a accomplish his purposes, and that there is no effective resistof facie evidence that is prima future reward of an element, against such It is the ance save.future that we

is, in itself, tyranny of very existence wouldn't do weakness. it internal The we invest to we what uscauses promisesave—and numline a sufficient the along that somewhere of future is in anticipation It an indication assurance. this forexcept

happiness that we counsel youth to forego indulgences and ber of people have relaxed their standards and their vigilance.

dissipations that may tempt them in the present. Indeed, Tyrants don't come into being if the personal lives of the

that It is true selfreliant. and of living, all and sound, phases are strong, in people in futures deal to learned havewe

people, be many strong there is a society future may endless in a weakened an toward look not that does a lifeand frustrated and meaningless and empty life, and leaves too and William Penn's words emphatically do not mean that much to be explained. But the glorious certainty that there all people under a bad government are bad. Indeed, the

will always be a future is an assurance that is often abused contrary has always proved to be true, and often the whole affected the has minority straightthinking to rely people of a causes too leaven sometimes that assurance—an evils. of correction present. about a brought ultimately of the neglect lump and the shameful to on the futuremuch

There are, for example, parents who are always going to But even so, William Penn's statement is a disturbing responsibility right back get better acquainted with their children—at some time in thought—because it places the

the future when the pressure is less great. They had better where it belongs, and takes some zest from the prevalent

do it while they can. There are those who are going to and timehonored pastime of criticizing government while

it. founding The about of their nothing doing sitting give some and to up back going are reform themselves—who said: they the when key us convenient. nation it gave of our fathers is more own when objectionable habits—sometime

just their deriving men, instituted those among are are can. who There "Governments they better do it whileThey had

are going to start saving, start being neighborly, start watchpowers from the consent of the governed."We cannot

ing their health, start living with more discrimination and avoid the responsibility. Governments, in the long run, are

them. live under And it. of reflection to the people who had largely They a around get they when wisdom—sometime

live thereunder those government, young, evils in who those, and old are are if there can. There better do it while they

who are going to improve their minds, or train their hands had better begin an honest scrutiny of themselves. Generally

who are going to prepare themselves for opportunities ahead speaking, and in the long view of things, "If men be good, it while they can. In an government cannot be bad."This, from William Penn, is a—sometime. They had better do eternal journey there is no part of life that is more important personal challenge to each of us.—October 24, 1943.

than any other. Today is the future for which we were

waiting ten years ago. And some of the things we postponed

then, we're still postponing for some other future. The Copyright. 1943

—"apromisenewof heaventhings toandcomea newis gloriousearth,"andin thebeautifullanguageandofreal

scripture. And predicated upon obedience to certain

.. V""-. Godgiven fundamentals, there are everlasting compensations to be realized—but not by those who

don't do anything about it. This is life—this

is yesterday's tomorrow—and if we have-

n't learned to live now, we'll have to sometime. Yes, fortunately and gloriously,future—buttheredon'twill letalwaysit makebe a

us forget the obligations of the present.

—October 17, 1943.

DECEMBER, 1943

VL RELIGIOUS GAP

ivi youeae By CALVIN T. RYAN, ED.M. happens to a college stuWhatdent's religion depends more on State Teachers College, Kearney,

what he is when he enters college Nebraska than his enafter experiences he upon their attitudes toward dents admitted rolls. his has done, what home What their religion during changed been had

his has school his done, church what life. in the changes college were But

forhas during his precollege this transition him period. done during work lukedirections: both some came who willyears largely it is very not determine of what only many, one Since do we interested; indifferent or becamecollege will it for gets rewarm after find to do segregate him the he easy always indifferent. others while more grewthere. colthe factors atmosphere of of While adligious other the from inthe changes they found However,

differ,leges the while teachCollege and maladjustment. or may justment entered only variably those among whoing it differ of college life, is one annormal, from provides may whenever religion. in interested deepmildly The

isother, there variation greater business, Its beno situation. total main a interentrants lyinterested remained

thetween denominational stuis college least, afford and the at ostensibly to report: ested. the Readsthe is nondenominational there than get to dents an education. chance a

among the denominational colleges This process is no longer confined to Taking all the facts... into considerathemselves. Again what he is in his textbooks, lectures, and laboratories. tion, of all the tilings that happen to stureligious college, to in seems dents thoughthometown will environment stusituation total the mean in which The

least during to at least change, subject bemore than the atkind of college his he finds himself a part of becomes dent shifts occurare year, although freshmantends. inlarger curriculum curriculum. This ring in valuations observer would which an

I make those assertions on the cludes religious development, health probably regard as religious.

strength of years of observation and and recreation, social development, investigation. I make them because in personality growth—in all that the "Deliefs play a tremendous part in the

colIn has to mean. come manysome communities are those say word who are person's imlife. They *T young

the leges, of students a largethat number colleges are ruining peoour young in his personality portant growth and ple's religion. work for their existence. They wait integration. Whenever a group of beOften parents forget the natural tables, sweep halls, clerk, mow lawns, liefs are held by a community, they beshovelchanges integrating in will inevitably which to and force important come

student is verythe adolescent induring the years they subsesnow.busy—orSo the normalthinkscollegehe is. thatcome community.an Obviously

quent to his high school graduation. He may not always spend his time wisefluence all who live andChange will take place in the boys and ly, according to adult standards. But old. Likewise, the youththere—youngwho leaves

girls even though they remain in the on the other hand, the coonskincoated that community is bound to take with community where they were born. collegiate of yesterday is not so much in him the result of what the environment

The breaking away from childhood the news as he once was. has done to him and for him. What he

transfers will to another he do when is inevitable habitsassociates and when all this milieu, student's the in Tow is, will he community depend what upon girl to leavesa the or community boy * of religious behavior outward show his strongly are entrenched behow likeIt is college elsewhere.attend

attract attention doesn't the it probably liefs, his his to willingness change, and transition inevitable thatwise such a in the did town. back home ability surhimself to to his adapt newwill habits, affect the bethoughts, and

liefs of youth. Personality both inThen there are the "bull sessions"in roundings, and community of beliefs.

fluences and is influenced by environwhich the boys (why not include the Naturally, in the large enrollments in girls?) their ignorance not allow do inment. B. Hale 1939, Lincoln When, universities, colleges of our should and we

interfere distheir subject to the with findtheir associates publishedand his to find expect the those are on who it. recussing subject be The mayings in to College, they School From fringe living. outer Religious of social

knew a change would come about. ligion, churchgoing, or simply the living would not appeal to them no matThese investigators speak of the "'gap'church. The unsophisticated youth ter where they chose to live. Just as

hears things never of hearhe dreamedin religious often so seems life, which that should outer expect we ing. the church's idol Mary, back naturallyto to transition the the during appear exert fringe to influence the an more on

is participating home, presence (by her..,"college environment. Discovering susceptible entering of the members

at least) in discussion atheism, of athe involved problems a in such many fact, classes. In they the even become

agnosticism, of other dozens "isms"andtransitional religion, in hiatus these men inexperienced. of the But again

in the not preached about home thetry to find determined out what is just town heroesthat in true as beany community is pulpits. in college now. Mary reactions stuvarious the shown by the the college as within yard yond

dents, and what influenced their adjustHere is a student who came to colgates.

ments. lege fearful of all courses in science.

Granted not all colleges are doing But necessity drove the girl into a JDarents who hold college life reliin science! required course Providence as they should care of to takeas much A giously to suspect more procan do

for the girl, her teacher with was transitionalthe further, period; granted, was a tect "evil"their offspring the they from

that all instructors do not exercise care woman of complete adolescent underfear before they enter that broad road enough in their presentation or in their standing, thoroughly Christian. The of destruction than they can after they

living of Christian ideals, we cannot girl's fear turned to faith. Science helped enter. Such preparation will include

attribute all the problems of youth's her understand nature and God. The religious development beyond a mere list

"gap"in religious life either to the colcourse solved, or dissolved, the girl's of Don'ts. Such development will even

leges or to the professors. The response fear. include what the child studies in high

and the adaptation which a given On the other hand, it seems true that school; certainly it will enlist the public

student makes to his new environment college experience does not make stuschool in developing within the child a are predetermined by his home and dents who were indifferent to church rather wide knowledge of the universe, church training before he arrives on and religion before they came to the and the biological sciences. Quoting the

the campus. Religion, we must rememcampus any more religious. Hale and conclusions of Hart again:

ber, is only one of the many factors at his associates found that some few stu- ( Continued on page 783 760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IS GLORY OF THE SPIRIT

By and "You know how / feel? That's a cold—perfectweather for Christmaslear Eve! The storm laugh."DOROTHY CLAPP

hadn't lasted long. As Fran stepped off "Clay was my brother,"Ben reairthe porch, the stung her nostrils her. like minded ROBINSON

fire. sure She must everything make "Oh, what's the use,"she had flung

was secure against the night. A stab of her hands in a gesture of helplessness.

nostalgia that was sharper than the Besides, this is my last Christmas here.

cold brought a sudden weakness to her I am selling."

knees. Silly little chore, making the 'You're what?"You have more work now than you

night.rounds each she Clayand Yet do."can left this "I selling place. Clayton am

it.ton ritual a had of made little had They "I more."can a always do it in name. my

itloved doing this the because stock, left his the dog, barn, In the Toby, of out your mind,"must be "Youplace theirs. been had they were a whined Now and bed by the cows

it cried. in warm did he put "Suppose Benhers alone. After they tomorrow would in Everything puzzled was welcome. your name. because That wasnot her. belong selling to this She was cellar root the of he order. door was The trusted in land you. has the This beenplace, the stock the machinery. and off lights She the turned wellcovered. She

since family sagebrush days. Downing far going so shewas never would away in started back. the henhouse and MakIt's children's birthright. your Aren't ifsee Clayton's again, family life nor all alone. ing know the rounds That was

getting values crossed?"your you theirthey had Christmas party. morning offered now.

Party. How could they want it, and the "I think not. Running a farm is a

man's work."just received?news of the steps the back JDy "I feel,"sisterin- is her you know how "It these days. everybody's work stars. at the to look she stopped house

earlier saidlaw in the had it evening; "but farm. to to know You owe You how this like nights miss when She would

t givegive can'tcan griefgrief self totowe and twins, Clayton, to to wayway the counand your rein could not town. she She waspity."She I and brought Ben this preshad try will to stay help place with stars the so were many when memberents for the twins'stockings. Fran had you."bright. low, even below or so was Oneforgotten. "I to paid country. debt have my my hills. line of the

Startled, she realized it was not a—Illustrated by star but a light. Old Nels was still up. John Henry Evans, That light was for her. Well—he would

need a lot of kerosene for his lamp if he waited for her. She wasn't going

there tonight, nor any night. Not ever

again.

Billy was lying on the floor before the fireplace looking at a book he had received that afternoon It was a book of history stories, with colored illustrations.

"Let"me see. Let me see this one

again Betty, his twin, snatched at a leaf to keep him from turning it.

"You'll tear it. Darn you."Billy's

quick temper flared.

"I'll be careful. Please."

Immediately contrite Billy removed the hand he had slapped over the page.

The picture was "Washington Crossing the Delaware."

"Who is this?"Betty pointed to the

figure of Washington.

Fran glanced at it. "That is General

Washington."

"What for is he standing up?"

"He is the general,"Billy explained, out of his deep knowledge. "Like Tommy Turner at school. He gives orders."

Betty ignored his disdain at her ignorance. She pointed to the men rowing

the boat. "Why for don't they stand up?"

"They must row the boat."

"What does it mean, row the boat?"

"The men who are sitting push the boat across the river with their oars."

Realizing they knew nothing at all about boats Fran explained in detail. She told

(Continued on page 786)

WHITE SILENT NIGHT GAVE

BACK NO ANSWER SHE WAITED, EXPECTANT.

DECEMBER, 1943 761 CARD CLUB SPINGRO uivtai essaae f

children the place take of and the over worthmore "They wasDinner things."their studies or while at in bed were By JOSEPH J. CANNON late but to you've "Oh, got Charles a little have home came when

from the office. Mary sat with him as recreation sometime."of the Y.M.M.I.A. Superintendency

he ate alone. Charles was working as

legal adviser in one of the new govern- /harles looked reminiscent for a streetcar that and suggested we ought V* the moment. offices. on Magdalena the "Once put Beforement on Mary

to another have class Special Interest I in friends Colombia, haddessert, some been have who she remarked, "We in Mutual. thought help I might He trip the spent the upriver of six days club, Charles.invited join to card a

if one. organize these I wonder same poker. of hundreds days Some nice a playing once meetsThere's a crowd

in not join might us a group. such hands. change dollars would were people Theyweek, and they would like us to be

it just as enjoymake Maybe we could playing for real stakes, I noticed andmembers."

as able playing cards."consistent of one a winthem was Charles

"I wonder. is too There much forner. while were on deck day One wecard club! Whylaughed.I don't"Memberseven know ofhowa that in It's like a class. a school. No sluggish the watching water go and mality by play."to

It's just "You'd learn in no time. And you'd the tropical landscape on the banks, I refreshments. No dressing up. another meeting."I told that to never learned play him had rusty, I'm but too. player, a goodmake

the told he "Not me,"Charles way I foolwhether been wondered and it hadit up."long to pick take doesn't

replied. it said just could "He make we ish. replied that he wished he had He the of they, are members "Who

it to what wanted our we own started. thousands never be—elect had won Hechurch?"

it officers leader, disour and make own dollars, the studied of because he men mainly.""Yes,

lecture, cussion or or anything want. we with. of he played banker a Once to of like time a waste seem "Cards

subject can choose our to own We lived, said Pittsburgh, him, to he whereme.

It study. to sounded grand me. can I 'Griff, We generhere go from and away with, it's are the people you "But

dances, instruction. or have dance I We ally to lose you. win, but always How evenings can enjoyable the youand

hisplays study can or music or church Griffith recome?'laughed and Mr. together."have

or tory whatever want. have They we plied, raise shoulders your 'You when later to or one wants some "Sooner

I fascinating outlines. some think don't hand.'But, he a on good went have it you excittoput stakes more up make

if they object up. In would dressed we that to regretted ever he me, havinging;"

I it. like fact think they'd sure I'm And it to play, started taken because had it anything, to doesn't amount "But could just prepare as refreshments we his time family so from from and much to if going than moreeven you lose—no if to, as often care time, every we we books. could he had won money Thea movie."

like."that."for never compensate It's thing. "It's the principle of the

it all, after just "But be would Mutuit?"isn't quietly,gambling, "Apparently remarked Mary It al."evident that not was was Mary this join club to card us don't want you figure just that laughed. "Well, Mary feverishly in of favor the suggestion.

nice associate these people."with and else to invited someone have mightyou that?"with "What's Charles wrong

the show with us then. You're out that Charles was silent for a moment. "I answered. "Bud could go to Scout

time spent a pleasant but you'vemuch, have would like to see, the thing for friends.and paid as is, neighborhood it. You the Wefolksarein herethis wemeetingare withandourMaryown togroup.BeeHiveThat wouldwhile

cards give a nice evening without any as strangers in a way, and we want our be better than having us off playing trouble getting up a program. Everychildren and theirs to know one another cards that night. We'd know they were

body enjoys himself, you have refreshbetter because their parents are friendthere, and what is equally important, like to friends be thements, you meet ly, but I wonder if we couldn't do it they there."would know we were

'It relax. testwith, wits and your may another way."know, Charles conMary,"You

help you in business, Charles.""We can invite them in occasiontinued, "I'm crazy to learn more about

"But it's the gambling idea that I ally,"Mary remarked, "but there are Latin America. There are a lot of peodon't like."long lapses unless there is something ple in this town that have been there,

"Oh, don't be so particular. You lose regular about it. And besides, it's aland I'd like to hear them tell about con-

a little one night and make a little anways a trouble to think out how to enditions, and I'd like to tell a few things other. After all it is just paying sometertain a crowd for a whole evening."myself. There's so little time to do such

thing for entertainment if you don't win. "It's funny you brought this up tostudying with all I've got on. It seems

Nobody misses it."night, Mary, because I've been thinking to me that this might give us a chance."

"Mary, I'm not thinking of the money. of something else. One of the counsel- "Do you think the others would like

But I've never liked cards. The church ors of the ward Mutual, the manual to join such a class?"Mary asked duhas always been against them. They're counselor, I believe, met me on the biously. (Concluded on page 782)

universally used for gambling. I don't

think you or I would ever become a gambler, but one of our kiddies might easily have a weakness that way. It

schedStake Jordan Mt. refor us towouldn't be comfortable

in for Draper uled party a done hadmember that something we But what July 1943. 30,

rationing gasolinemight have been his justification for with shortage, some a tire andstarting."of Second Sandy members

Mary looked sober. "I had never Wardnot attend.feared Butthey withcoulda

thought of the children. It seems so inwill to get there, four enpersonsnocent rethe to to me. All the others have chilterprisingset

dren."sult shownwork—withinyoungthis picture.

"They might never be affected by our MaxineElg, JeanSanderson,Sanderson, Bertand

Greenwood are the the Charles increaseplaying, certainly but you happy quartet.

else there is somethingrisk. However,

that has kept me away from cards."

"What is that?"

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA At Snowbound CHRISTMAS

Illustrated by Goff Dotvding DINNER

By JAMES P. SHARP

Father looked up and asked me if I wanted any breakfast. I told him "No."

Then he said it would do us all good to fast till dinner time, for the railroad always put up a good meal on Christmas day, and he thought we would enjoy it better if we did not eat breakfast.

I walked up and down the aisle of the car like a caged coyote.

There were three other passengers in that coach. In one end sat a man with

his valise open and a lot of empty bottles, as well as some full ones around him and in the valise. Every few hours

he would rouse up and burst forth with about two lines of some cowboy song and then slump back to dreamland ( that is if a drunken man can dream ). In the

other end of the car were a young man and a young lady, possibly 18 or 20 years of age.

About one o'clock Charley finished his book and said, "Bishop, don't you think the turkey is about cooked?"

"Should be,"replied Father as he put his book down and placed the lunch "NAME YOUR PRICE basket on his knees. Again I was disSANDWICH, A AND gusted. FOR could those joke How men

IT."I'LL PAY about a turkey dinner when had we

only next to nothing to eat?

Just then the brakeman came in and filled the stove full of coal. He spoke

to the young man and then came on and almost silentsome cheese, a stick of bologna, some down the aisle with a grin on his facely, the mails'lowly,train pulled out of Denver hardboiled eggs, a sack of gingersnaps, and said, "Gentlemen, I'll take the late in the afternoon of December 24, a shaker of salt and a bag of raw onions, drumstick."

1891. Outside, a twoday-old blizzard for both Father and Charley did like "Have cranberries with it?"Father

raged unabated. onion sandwiches. asked.

My father, Bishop John C. Sharp, of Just before we left Denver, Father "No, by the looks of things I won't,

Vernon, Charles R. McBride, Charley succeeded in purchasing a loaf of bread but say, I've got a good one. This is

to everyone, of Tooele, and I had been and a small apple pie which we ate for supposed to be the crack fast mail train trainto sheep load of the blizzard supper. raged with a Chicago Outside and and say it sure is fast—fast in a snow

city supthat theand around blew the in what had left windows we snow in bank."

posed to be ample time to reach home but inside we were comfortable, for the "How long do you think we will be before Christmas, but a freight train in brakeman kept the two coal stoves, one here?"Charley asked.

Iowa was wrecked just ahead of us and in each end of the car, red hot. "Can't say but no need to worry, for

we were delayed for twelve hours. Along about eight o'clock I made my the snow always melts up here come

From then it seemed that every time the own private berth by adjusting the chair July and then we can back down counwheels turned we lost time until, comand went to sleep. Some time in the try."To the other stove he went as

ing up from Omaha, Charley remarked night I awoke. The train had stopped, Father resumed his breadcutting and

he thought the Pioneers of '47 had made but that was nothing unusual, so I went Charley his spreading the butter.

better time. back to sleep. About daybreak I awoke. I could see the young man looking at

In those days, few trains carried a The train was not moving so I walked to us and talking to the lady. He arose and

dining car, but the train would stop for the platform to see why the snow was walked down and said to Father, "Name twenty minutes at meal stations. We not drifting in. The snow had drifted your price for a sandwich and I'll payhad learned this—about the time the against the car and was even with the it."

waiter brought our food the conductor tops of the windows. Evidently we had Father looked rather surprised, and

would call, "Board,"and it was up to been there most of the night. before he could answer, the young man

us to miss our dinner or our train. So Thoroughly disgusted with train continued, "My sister and I have been

before leaving Chicago we purchased schedules and everything and everyattending school up in Denver. Yesterone of those "chip"baskets, you know, one in general, I went back inside the day morning she was so excited about

the kind with a handle over the top and coach for this was my first Christmas Christmas shopping she could not eat two lids that are raised from the ends, away from home and I was really homebreakfast and at lunch time she had to and in this we had put bread, butter, sick. Father and Charley were reading. {Concluded on page 789)

DECEMBER, 1943 763 THE PRIMACY OF FAITH (Richard Kroner. Macmillan, New

York. 1943. 226 pages. $2.50.)On. thsL SodJl floudc "Caith is the first principle of the gospel;

therefore the most important * most and EVIL BE GOD AND TO WELLHOW life. of It comprehensive concern has been Deseret Widtsoe. (Leah D. Co. Book Brothers, (C. E. and Joad. Harper M. for discussion subject a the throughout1943. $2.00.) 1943. pages. York. $3.00.) 349 New centuries. this the relationship In of book

for upto-theminute"TPhis every volume is in confession. part a personal The is faith discussed. knowledge and Through This

is a "handbook and cookbook * home author, the great philosworld's of one series intelligent of a thoughtful considerathebased of nutrition."on newer knowledge philosophers, professor of psychology and faith tions is defined and given over primacy

this time of writing it hasAt the not come the University has of London, ophy at long all activities. It is other stimulating human

agnostic. he tells Here as an reading, the sectarian beliefs of the though

his in to belief way backyet—butfrom the itpress,is promisedand so wefor haven'tDecemberseendeit beenhow heknownhas found color author shape and his argument.

livery for life hereafter. presents he As his—I A. W, time.Christmas the thinkthose Wewho haveare bookmindedseen the manuat Godargument,and world's summarizes he

script, however, and part of the proofs, and ing on religion and man in the universe. TWELVE SPANISHare prepared to say that for anyone who has That makes the book of double value to AMERICAN POETS

the problem of cooking, arranging menus, the average reader. The language is that (Edited by H. R. Hays. Yaleserving, entertaining, or feeding a family—of a philosopher, an academician, but clear University Press, New Haven,

which is someone in every home—here is a and easily understood. He fails to recognize Conn. 1943. 336 pages. $3.50.)

book that will pay dividends in many ways the cohesive forces of the universe and Tn an era when all folk in the western in health. most will be More in splashes uncertain often very about wa-—and * hemisphere to wish understand each

said to about in the be Well Howof all ters. he has he However, knows what this better, other kind of later—but will find book a

it inmeantime keep as of a mind summary it declares in found, terms: uncertain and no receptive audience because it introduces the

the latest laboratory findings diet on I human as not, once on was literature to bank "I am willing, of the SpanishAmericans which—plus a household nutrition guide of much the religious hypothesis being true.... If is one sure way of feeling the pulse of a

practical value. R. L. E. the universe has meaning and purpose, this people.

is life all, surnot probably something is and introduction analysis keen The a ofSCIENCE, RELIGION, AND the vives bodies. Indeed, of our the breakup various stages through which LatinTHE FUTURE is life there unless before abundant letters a more American have passed are passand (C. E. Raven. Macmillan Company, this in material ing, mankind, world space this editor and the although disthat warns 1943. York. 125 pages.New $2.00.) is time is final. joke understanding, our bad a cussion beyond means poets no by The

is frankly'"Phis an attempt to reconcile a represent vulgar laugh braying across the mysincluded Peru, Mexico, Venezuela, *- science and religion in the light teries."of modChile, Cuba, Ecuador, Argentina, and

ern knowledge. science Both religion and afford a good crossroom left today for the Colombia—which

are for the blamed world's present section. sorrow; A. W.

effectand both together alone can a cure. agnostic.—/.There is little original opposite By placing the the

firstIn the four chapters, translation, history the of the author has been CAT wise—beDRAWINGS

that inevents those parted cause science modern days original in the read can who Sears. 716 Fourth Avenue, Salt Lake (Jack will religion related; are naturally inand the receive remaining than those much more 3, 1943. City Utah. 49 pages. $1.00.)four chapters the that in author read translation. can considers only who Another how

disaster may be retrieved through intellectuWith an introduction by no less a person good feature of the book is that the editor al, moral, and religious efforts. The first than Mahonri Young, telling about has included biographical material concernchapter, "Seeing Life Whole,"is especially cats, with a poem by Vilate Raile written ing each of the poets whose work is innoteworthy. The book, accurate in scholarexpressly for this book, and with innumercluded.—M. C. J.

LIFEship, is informative and stimulating—/.reading.A. W. THE(EditedTRIUMPHby HoraceOFGregory.

MAN IN THE AIR Press, New York. 1943. 603 pages.Viking$2.50.)

Illustrated. S. Harcourt, (Herbert Zim.

collection '"Phis of will give 300 poems 1943.Brace. Co.. pages. $3.00.) 332 N.Y. 6

* spiritual uplift, sustenance particuand is analysis of reaction man's book an larly theseThis stress. during times of The

the height speed to tremendous and divisions of the are seven: book Lovely Of

attain. airplanes planes havewhich The Great and Men; and Of Women Wars

strain, the tested to stand thoroughlybeen Heroes; the Friends Precious SurOf and

checking are carefully expertsand now vival of Spirit; the Private and Of Love

take it well he canman's body to see how Earthly Passions; the Shades ViOf and

and what effect the air has on his heart, his sions Seen of Life Renewed on Earth; Oflungs, and other parts of his body.—M. C. J. the Celebration of Time and Place and the

HISTORY OF BIGOTRY IN ableing ofsketchescats, thisandbooktext willconcerningbe of greatthe drawinter- ReflectionsEternal Moment;and DevotionsOf Saintsof andLife Hymns,Beyond

THE UNITED STATES est to a multitude of readers. Those who love Earth.

(Gustavus Myers. Random House, New cats will have an opportunity of seeing the The poems represent work from 158York. 1943. 504 pages. $3.50.) cat in many of its usual and unusual poses. poets and from six centuries of English

poetry. the individual reader Although may in chapter the ugliest formsIntolerance feel that there are other which poems have

plenty history. been has There human particular for importance him which he

in States. to spare the United Thatand like included, is would will seen to have none

well demonstrated in this compendious voldisagree that the choice made is a good ume. Dr. Myers begins with the transmisone.

sion of bigotry from the Old to the New One advantage of this book is that pubWorld. In careful chronological order he lishers have made the compilation into a

traces intolerance, usually in the name of size convenient for carrying. M. C. /.

God, from the days of the American colonies'witchlaws, blueto present the day. The KILGOURE'S MARE

ofcraft, strife persecutions creeds, of the

Illustrated. (Henry G. Lamond. Morrow, the Catholics, andMasons, Jews, Know1943. 124 pages. $2.00.) York. New Klan, and A.P.A.,Nothings, Klux and Ku

in the great plains intolerant of western other Queensmovementsnumerous are SET references to audescribed with adequate land, this Australia, pediof the story thorities. Mormon persecution is briefly greed colt, Amathea, will stir lovers of

discussed. This is probably the most comhorseflesh whether they are old or young.

plete and reliable treatment of bigotry Artists will be given insight into the workThe story, which itself is stirring and deeply now available. The reading of this book ing of an artist. The average reader will satisfying, gains vividness because of its.

would be "good medicine"for all Ameritake keen delight in the various media that unusual setting. Although Amathea is really

cans, for intolerance may enter the hearts the author has used to capture the moods the heroine of the book, most readers will even of citizens of "the land of the free and and activities of these graceful animals. take keen delight in the fiery Cascade,

the home of the brave."'J. A. W.—M. C. /. mother of the colt.—M. C. /.

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BOOKS FOR CHILDREN

f\evlewea bu /f/araa C-. /joiepkion

AMERICAN WARPLANES KEYSTONE KIDS

(Elizabeth Mallett Conger. Illustrated. (John R. Tunis. Harcourt, Brace and Co.,

Henry Holt & Co., New York. New York. 1943. 209 pages. $2.00.)

1943. 161 pages. $2.00.) fTTHiS story of two brothers who played the

THIS book, profusely illustrated with pic- *- keystone combination in baseball—sectures of our fighting planes, has been ond base and shortstop—will help satisfy

written expressly for children under twelve. the desire for activity in a wholesome way.

The print and the text are both suitable for In addition to the game itself, the author this age level, although the material may teaches in an exciting way that good sportsseem a bit heavy for these youngsters to manship is a part of the whole of life, not digest. just a good baseball game.

AIRPLANE ANDY COAST GUARD, AHOY!

( Sanford Tousey. Illustrated. Doubleday, (Philip Harkins. Illustrated. Harcourt,

Doran and Company, Garden City, Brace and Company, New York.

New York. 1942. 44 pages. $1.00.) 1943. 230 pages. $2.00.) WARTIME JOBS FOR GIRLS

Lingenfelter. Harcourt, (Mary Rebecca finally his Pete Shute to managed was Armstrong lucky—wasn'tAndy How beBrace and Company, New York. responsible flight of his superintendent a fullfledged, father come member made

1943. pages. 226 $1.75.) this the of for the basis coast guarddivision? forms other things, meant, That among

that Andy could occasionally fly with his wellwritten, informative, interesting book. PVividing the book into seven fields, the

father. But not even Andy could know The author has done well in including in *—'author treats judiciously the various

that on one of the flights, he would prove the book peacetime activities of the guard kinds of work that girls can do and should himself of invaluable aid to his father and in addition to their work in wartime. His be considering now that there is a great

to the government in helping save the plane. story is based on accurate information, and need for everyone to work. Most of the

Young boys particularly will find this book will therefore be doubly valuable. jobs which the author discusses have peacean unusually interesting one. time application also, and those who are digirls recting find the most book now will BUILDS SOMI A CHURCH in pointing out constructive labor Illustrated. (Rafaello Busoni. M.RUFUS

lifetime career. Viking, whichhelpful a become may 1943. York. 109 (Eleanor pages. $2.00.) Estes. Illustrated. Harcourt, New

Co.,Brace York. and is New true the a story about Lapps This 1943. pages. $2.00.) 320 of MOLLY AND SHED THE TOOL northern have Norway. names The

Illustrated. (Sally Scott. Harcourt, the appealing story the states that author because of the been changedContinuing Brace and York. Company, New the this shy. are centers people, family, Lapps Moffat hunThese around one book

1943. 41 pages. $1.50.) fifty miles forest, his nearest dred theRufus, from signed always and "Rufus name, who

M."Rufus was always creative, and when wanted above all else to have a wooden TITTolly was a lamb who knew what she

the family found themselves in financial difchurch where they might learn the word of liVl wanted, even if she didn't want what ficulties, Rufus found the way to help solve God. This story tells how, through faith, other lambs usually wanted, for she had been

the emergency. The wholesome fun and they were able to accomplish the seemingly raised for the first part of her life in the

activity related in this book will be of great impossible. And the most remarkable part Brown kitchen. As time went on, Molly

interest to young people. of the story is that it is every bit true! found herself gradually being pushed into

the position of leadership among the younger that to the lambs came But Brown BACK BETSY SCHOOL WITH TO SEATHE SNAKE still persisted in she her set one Harcourt, (Carolyn Haywood. Illustrated. (Stephen Meader. farm.desire—to W.

in the sleep that woodshed. that meant And Brace York. and Company, NewIllustrated.Harcourt, Brace Co., and New

the gradually to to woodshed had expand 1943. 176 pages. $2.00.) 1943.York. 255 pages. $2.00.)

all the hold that lambs followed Molly.

sixteen, other books, Betsy this book"Darney Cannon, knew the keys Following *-* interest the along brings to the Carolina former adds North and Coast where PEACHBLOSSOMhis father, fisherman characters, the of including the John, same back many made (Eleanor Frances Lattimore. living. isfamily the married. teacher of suspicious Barney became The now who chilHarcourt, Brace and Company, Illustrated.New that ship theira put into out of misadventhe dren adventures one and have bays 1943. York. 96 pages. $2.00.) its lights. tures, their theirwithout Investigating, fun work. and he found

that Is [or enemies Betsy, read the ship Those manning Betsy were and who B and -*-T)eachblossom,the heroine ofa Chinesethis little girlbook,of six,whichisalso allied that a Billy, submarine shipFour, Primrose preyed on and and Ace Two Two ping. The excitement that followed will Day, will be eager to read Back to School children will take great pleasure in reading.

make stirring reading for both boys and with Betsy, as will those who haven't read The story deals overmuch with the 'war girls. any of the former. situation in China, which seems rather bad

for very young children. Although the book

ends happily, with Peachblossom being restored to her aunt, the tragedy of her evacuation might well overpower a sensitive child.

WENDERLEY (Gertrude E. Mallette. Doubleday, Doran

& Company, Inc., Garden City, New

York. 1943. pages. 250 $2.00.)

BOY JONES OFTHE THE ROAD ADAM California, the center was Wenderley, Illustrated. ( Patricia Viking, Illustrated (Elizabeth Gordon. Gray. Janet New by activity of for those wished who to do 1943. 158 pages. $2.00.) Viking,York. Robert Lawson. York. New their to part the for at war, win Wenderley 1942. pages. 317 $2.00.) flathe unusual story has somewhat a defense project built. hugeThis had been From

TT'his story of thirteenthcentury of England somevor Dickens and Twain, Mark their farm, left they where had Mrs. Farn-

4- is the of reminiscent Prince for valuable readers and because Thehow young the children, and including ham 17year-old

Pauper, as well as of David Copperfteld. The its drama is so intense that children absorb Janet, Mr. Farnham and his daughter, Lesboy Jones was an enterprising orphan, and the authentic history unconsciously. Dealing ley, came, he to work in the defense plant,

a will to seewith her palace, room myhisroom,queen,he Victoria,set out to andacreaderwith Adam,is takenthe minstrelalong Roger'sthe road,son, thusthe madeand sheherselfto keepinvaluablehouse forinhim.the Howlittle Lesleytrailer

complish his desire. His adventures, the meeting all kinds of unusual and fascinating community, and aided herself in her time

people he met, and how he finally attained people, until at last Adam finds his father of stress will make valuable reading for the his wish make good reading. and Nick, Adam's red spaniel. teenyear-old girl.

DECEMBER, 1943 765 Park Stake ing on record will prevent being adMCHUMMMSOil

T)ark Stake was organized October Churchof-theAir templevanced recommend.in the priesthoodChildrenorshouldgiven bea

24, parts the Liberty of from andr if are parents only blessed baptized of and David "President O. McKayBonneville stakes Elder A. by John in the ward. record first on will the the presidency be

the of the of council twelveWidtsoe the nationwide Colspeaker on the assistantand to G. Romney, Marion Choir Tabernacle Comments On Churchof-theAir Decemumbiatwelve. radio executives and T-Tighranking at a.m. 19, 11:00 T. ber M. W. First, stake includes * the The new * the listeners millions consider of will for the be program Music Thirtyfirst theTenth, wards, from and coastto-coast and Choir Tabernacle Salt the furnished Lake Tabby Stake,Liberty the the and and LeGrand their of bebest broadcasts one Organ ernacle Organ. Choir and the Emigration Bonnefrom wardsnew of loved programs, Lewis Dorothy Mrs.

ville Stake, as unward, yet and a new listener City, coordinator of York Newnamed, created eastern the of part from of Association BroadNational Fortythree Colorado. two activity, and menthe Emigration Ward. in visited Salt casters, said as she Lake

first attended the meeting Sep- T. women the president of Goddard, Percy 1 7. listenstated that October City She lending 19. are chaplains Post tember presisustained Stake,Liberty as was appreciative ers are even more when their support. of thedent with Stake, Park Fred M. is that the discover Choir group they a

Michelson and Hendrick Poelman as Washington Organist of unpaid singers.

counselors. of Wellsville, Utah, Darley M. Qoy

di- L.D.S. Meeting Places in Britain appointed organist and has been Virgil H. Smith, former second coun- A

inselor the Liberty presidency Stake St. 26, Street. 17, Nicholas Aberdeen: Room at of the Information rector of Bureau

Hall, 136. Airdrie, Street, Airdrie: L.D.S. sustained as Graham president Libof thewas chapel. suc- D.C., Washington, He Scotland.erty Stake, with Alfred C. and the Laxman Street. Aldershot: Edward Sterling Elder Wheelwright. ceeds D.

Buildings. Barnsleg: Arcade19,B. counselors. F. Pulham, in has Darley, prominent been who Lane. Hall, L.D.S. Batley: Well has one church hundred The now 122, Street. North Belfast: circles, recently northern music Utah

fortyfive stakes. organized Birmingham in the Eastern mission a returned from

Street. Chapel, L.D.S. 23, Booth Handsworth:

States, he where Schools. served as music diKingstanding: Rd. PeckhamSunday School Outlines

Schools. Rd. Sparkbrook: Conway for rector eleven months.

Street. Chapel, L.D.S. Bradford: WoodlandsCubjectsSchool toclassesbe studiedduring inthetheyearSunday1944 Ward Membership Records Blackbutn: 89, Regent Street. (first door). Brighton: 77, Parade Grand

in the announced.have been As Bristol office Presiding Bishop's again past, T-he

Hall, off Clarence L.D.S. Zion Road, Road. year's entire containing themanuals that benefits to A points the come Hall, Cooperative KingsHigh Street, Hanhams

for issued everystudy course will be wood. is properly church membership when

supplements,department. 1, Teachers'Liverpool Chapel, L.D.S. Burnley: Road, Rosean filed in the in which ward the member

grove. for allinnovation, will be published is there resides. if ever record Street. 15, The Chapel, L.D.S. Broad Bury:

Kinderexcept Nursery,departments, Street. Hall, Clayton: L.D.S. Gordon it in civil needed matters—otherwise Hall. Unity Derby: Traininggarten, Primary and Teacher require months Hall, of search by corresTrafford L.D.S. Doncaster: may

will 8, continuegroups, Street. Caterers, Mills to draw Merrion which At Row. can pondence. hold office A person St. Library, in Dublin:Eastwood: Church Instructor.lesson helps from The record; not bethe Street. ward only if he is on Enquire Edinburgh: 48, London

Courses of study for 1944 follow:

Nursery, Kindergarten, and Primary departments: Stories from the Bible,

Book of Mormon, and Church History; CHAPELAT

First Intermediate: History of the JEROME, IDAHO,

Church for Children; Second IntermeNATIVEBUILT LAVAOF

diate: Leaders of the Scriptures; JunROCK.

iors: History of the Restored Church;

Advance Juniors: The Church of

Jesus Christ; Seniors: Our Standard

Works; Advanced Seniors: Principles

of the Gospel; Gospel Message: Teaching the Gospel to Others (No. 2); Genealogical Training: Adventures in Research*, Gospel Doctrine: The Old

Testament, and Teacher Training ( see

Teacher Training department in The

Instructor).

ThirtyYear Scout Award CAREY,CHAPELIDAHO,AND

HALL of A. Kirkham Oscar the first RECREATIONOF MODERNElder

DESIGN. received seventy has of the council

the thirtyyear Boy Scout award from national Scout executives. The award

is a gold pin and a certificate attesting to three decades of service.

Buckley Field Services orreports the T)vt. Cram Mark R. Photos

School of Olive a Sunday * ganization May byCook among Latterday Saint service men in the army air force at Buckley Field, Wmm. -mmm*

766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Gainsborough: L.D.S. Hall, 4b, Silver Street. Oldham: L.D.S. Hall, Neville Street. Ensign Taylor HenGateshead: Westfield Hall, Westfleld Terrace. Plymouth: c/o Tom Harris, 16, Hazelwood Terrace, ry Carr, Latterday

Glasgow: Masonic Hall, 30, Abbotsford PL, C. 5. Peverill. Saint who has been

Gravesend: 142, Parrock Street. Pontlanfraith: 81, Brynteg Street. given command of the

Gt. Yarmouth: Home Branch, 56, Wolseley Road. Preston, Lanes.: L.D.S. Hall, 44, Avenham Street. naval guard aboard

Grimsby: Thrift Hall, Pasture Street. Pudsey: Home Branch, 8, Fern Terrace, Thorpe the "Joseph Smith,"

Halifax: 38, Clare Road, off Horton Street. Road. recently launched LibHartley: First Floor, 14, Percy Street. Rawmarsh: L.D.S. Hall, Main Street. erty ship. A graduate

Hucknall: Byron Buildings. Rochdale: L.D.S. Chapel, Lower Sheriff Street. from the University

Hull: L.D.S. Chapel, Wellington Lane. Sheffietd: L.D.S. Chapel, Lyons Road. of Idaho, Southern

Hyde: L.D.S. Hall. 29, Beeley Street. Shildon: L.D.S. Hall, 100, Main Street. Branch, in pharmacy,

Kidderminster: L.D.S. Chapel, Park Street. South Shields: L.D.S. Hall, 36, Fowler Street. Ensign Carr joined

Leeds: L.D.S. Hall, 5, King Charles St. St. Albans: 49, Spencer Street. the naval reserve a

Leicester: All Saints'Open, Great Central Street. Stroud: Harley Wood, Nailsworth. year ago. He and his

Letchworth: Vasanta Hall, Gernon Walk. Sunderland: L.D.S. Chapel, 18, Tunstall Road. wife are making their

Liverpool: L.D.S. Chapel, 301, Edge Lane. Varteg: Memorial Hall. temporary residence in

Road. the Chapel, 7, Osborne L.D.S. Hartlepool: West London

ReRd., 23, Chesham N. San Westonsuper-Mare: Clissold Rd., Chapel, 59, L.D.S. N. 16. North:

A. ported PaloFrancisco.—by AltoDallasWard, 6, Standishgate. S. Wigan: Lane, Nightingale 149, Chapel,

Street. Bldgs., Tueller. Queen Washington Wolverhampton: South:W. 12.L.D.S.

Bromley, 61, Gareth Grove, Catford:

Gunnersbury. Road, 58, Wellsley Chiswick: Kent.W. 4. {Continued on page 778)

Loughborough: Adult School.

Lowestoft: L.D.S. Hall, 20, Clapham Road.

Luron: L.D.S. Hall, Dallow Road.

Mansfield: 39a. Albert Street.

Manchester: L.D.S. Hall, 88, Clarendon Road.

Merthyr Tydfil: L.D.S. Chapel, Penyard Road.

Middlesborough: L.D.S. Hall, 21, Bottomly Street.

Nelson: L.D.S. Hall, 10, Hibson Road.

Northampton: L.D.S. Chapel, 89, St. Michael's

Road.

Nottingham: The Institute, Radstock Road.

Norwich: L.D.S. Chapel, 60, Park Lane.

Nuneaton: Masonic Hall, Newdegate Street.

Pictures from Severol Fronts

Reading from top to bottom:

TWO CAMPS

Left: Latterday Saint soldiers are seen here at a

Kentucky post about to conduct a sacrament service.

Left to right: Rey L. Pratt, Provo, Utah; Keith

Facer, Wyoming; A. Sherman Gowans, Tooele, Utah;

Howard Robinson, American Fork, Utah.

Right: From the Middle East comes this picture

of Latterday Saint service men who meet together regularly and have formed a Sunday School. Tents in

background, their only meeting place, lend realism.

Left to right, front row: Morris Gibbons, Wanship,

Utah; Morris T. Smith, Wellsville, Utah; Stanley H.

Mellor, Salt Lake City; Joseph R. May, Malad, Idaho;

Marvin S. Carter, Morgan, Utah; Archie Swenson,

Sandy, Utah; DeForest D. Sharp, and Stanley B.

Erickson, Thornton, Idaho.

JACKSONVILLE NURSING CLASS

Twenty women of the Jacksonville, Florida, L.D.S.

branch received honor certificates recently following a twelve weeks'Red Cross course in home nursing.

On completing their work, Mrs. Isabel Bowles, instructor, paid the group a high compliment as her

most studious, cooperative, and attentive group, a constant challenge to her. She valued her "Mormon

class"for calmness, dependability, courtesy, alertness, and physical health, and acknowledged that while she had come to teach them good health, she

"received herself enlightenment from the had Word it. to practice and was determined The fn -.riftfcr. n of Wisdom

class, she said, had been an inspiration to her.

Pictured, front row, left to right, are Adeline

Chase, Mrs. R. J. Rudd, Jr., Nurse Isabel W. Bowles,

Nellie Dyal, Vella Strickland; second row: Mrs. Heber

Meeks (wife of Southern States mission president),

Mrs. A. 0. Jenkins, Elsie Starling, Mrs. N. S. Sellers,

Mrs. R. J. Rudd, Sr.; back row: Edna Kirkland,

Thelma Bonham. Members of the class not present:

Minnie Dills, Lucille Copeland, Mrs. Hammond, Mrs.

Kinard, Hazel Jacobs, Mrs. Yorkum, Mrs. Wilson,

Ruth Atkin.—Reported by Mrs. Heber Meeks.

SAN DIEGO FIRESIDE

Hillcrest Ward, San Diego Stake, holds a Fireside every Sunday evening, wellattended by service men. Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday every week

at a special L.D.S. servicemen's center, stake

Gleaner Girls provide entertainment. Activities in

the San Diego area are thriving under the direction of Chaplain John W. Boud, Jr. (pictured, rear

center) and Willard Kimball, L.D.S. coordinator.

The Fireside group seen—Reportedhere is typical.by Maurine Francis

UNIVERSITY OF DUBUQUE, IOWA Organized shortly after their arrival July 1, 1943, this branch of L.D.S. naval reserves seems to be

thriving with a smile. They have been allowed the

use of the school lounge for Sunday morning meetings.

Seen in the picture are, from left to right, front row: Jack Ord, Baker, Oregon; Eric 0. Sonnenberg,

Chicago, III.; W. Reed Brockbank, Warren Rupper,

and Rand H. Clark, of Provo, Utah. Back row: H.

Holling Lowe, Preston, Idaho; Malcolm Jeppson,

Mantua. Utah; Robert de Preston, Logan, Utah;

Henry Smith, Price, Utah; George N. Weston, Laketown, Utah; Wilbur Jensen, Franklin, Idaho; Clyde

C. DeGraff, Heber, Utah; Wendell Roskelley, Smithfield, Utah; Warren Hardy, Gunnison, Utah; Jack B.

Watkins,—ReportedBrighamby JackCity, B.Utah.Watkins, presiding elder.

DECEMBER, 1943 767 1iJJ$U Editorials

that there isn't any synthetic formula for the making of Loncemina Sunthetic—)u S>ni>6tltate5 integrity. If it is to be had, it begins at the cradle, and for generations back—and permeates every phase of

if you can't for Lkamcter home,build oncommunity,character,andyounationalcan't buildlife. onAndanything—for

'T'here has long been a philosophy too widely enterlong. R, L. E.

"* tained that a personal weakness could be offset by a legal device. For example, there have been those who

have supposed that if a man weren't fundamentally Lkndma5, 1943 honest, you could make him honest merely by passing a law against dishonesty, or that if a man weren't disIronically, Christmas comes this year with the beatposed to be moral, you could assure his morality by ** ing of plowshares into guns and pruning hooks into legislating against immorality. And this line of thinking bombs. Yet, in spite of this tragic situation, the persistent

has gone yet further. There was a day, for example, hope rings in the hearts of true Christians everywhere

when more business was done on the strength of perthat some day there will indeed be a fulfilment of the sonal integrity—more on character and less on colprophecy concerning the ultimate victory of peace.

lateral. But in some places collateral has tended to reAnd everywhere, likewise, Christians are asking themplace character. But, lest we forget it, integrity of charselves seriously, anxiously, what they may do to hasten

acter is still an indispensable element of any transaction, that time.

insisted safeguards other be of regardless may what the restraint be this would for Christmas, Perhaps negotiations; this isn't personal true of only upon. And in accepted the better of way celebration—restraint relationships, it international of national also is true and riotous restraint in the festive season, hilarity the of governof people and nations groups because place from restraint in the moving of money, spending

are no worth agreements only are ments aremen—andonly escape. holiday in of search place to

responsible integrity are of those the than who more for them. With the practice of this restraint, some of the true

He who has the word of a man of honor has somemeaningChristiansof throughoutChristmas maythe beworldrevived.have Forfelt manythat Christyears,

with has he on, thing a document count but to who real purpose the that commercialized, too been has a mas it, because paper, of seal scrap only gold have on a may lost in the completely celebration has been the behind is that there current, has history, both proved past and selling. gifts, buying in of rush the and of and avalanche

strong that "watered,"box not security be no can no little to time rush, this there too been has of Because that treaty cannot broken, that cannot be no life teachings. It conof Christ's and be recall the wonder

fortress that cannot truce scrapped, no be violated, no of literature, the also but great stitutes only way not that levelled, be discannot oath that cannot no be acmillions have countless bettered life that has who honored, unless behind all these things there stand men cepted Christianity, whether they live in India, in Engof high principle. land, in South Africa, or in the United States. This

The only relationships in this world that have ever Christmas, would it not be wise to read together in been worth while and enduring, have been relationships families and neighborhoods the message in all its force in which one man could trust another—not relationships and beauty from the book of books? And in that readin which one man was forced to seek ways of protecting ing there would come a consciousness of the truth that

himself against another, because, in the first place, you the gift of gifts which Christ brought has been completecan't legislate a man or a nation or a people into being ly ignored or forgotten, for the Christ said, "I am come good, and there is no legal device yet found that will that they might have life, and that they might have it surely and permanently protect anyone from anyone more abundantly."

else who is persistently determined to be false or disCertainly, the abundant life should include true honorable. friendliness. And how shall that be cultivated? Not

Maybe one of these days, if we haven't done so through expensive gifts nor with elaborate parties, but already, we shall begin again to bank more on character by a warm cordiality and a genuine affection that make and less on collateral, more on personal responsibility people know there is a genuine interest in them. If this

and less on legislation, more on private resourcefulness year restraint in buying is practiced, there will be and less on public relief, more on common sense and less enough time and energy saved from the usual rush to on regulation, more on simple justice and less on the revive the old neighborliness that used to exist. In

involvements of litigation, more on principle and less early days, neighbor needed neighbor and met him with on expediency—because there isn't any law that can an eager hospitality. This interdependence led to the

be enforced, there isn't any security that is worth the abundant, generous life. Each had the assurance that,

gilded seal affixed to it, there isn't any promise that's in time of emergency or necessity, he and his loved ones worth the breath that speaks it, there isn't any comwould be aided wholeheartedly. This neighborliness is

mitment that's binding beyond the present, there isn't the essence of Christianity and of the abundant life.

any free enterprise that can be saved, there isn't any Thus, at this Christmas time, while restraint would future for anyone, except on the basis of personal and be emphasized in material things, on the other hand, national integrity. the very opposite would be stressed in the generous

But in looking for such a day, we must remember giving of self. M. C. J.

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Then shall they be gods, because they have no end;

therefore shall they be from everlasting to everlasting, Evidences and because they continue; then shall they be above all,

because all things are subject unto them. Then shall

they be gods, because they have all power, and the reconciliations angels are subject unto them."(D. & C. 132:20.)

The conditions under which Godhood may be attained have not been set forth fully. Necessarily so

Ixxlli. l/l/ku am the l/l/ordd Ljod tohighGod'sa placelaws.canThosebe obtainedwho aspireonly byto suchrigid exaltationobedience

must be sealed as man and wife for time and eternity.

ana jratker Mppliea to Then they may continue the work of the Father in behalf of the waiting intelligences in the spirit world.

Several J-tef5onaae5? theTheirseeds"gloryforevershallandbe ever."a fulness(D. and& C.a 132:19.)continuation of

is apthe doctrine explains "god"This word why intelligence personal supreme, rT*'uE power and personages. various to in the scriptures There in the plied holy

in the English A universe That is God. is his name if titles, of divine is to use stumble such over need no

tongue. He is the Organizer of the universe. He is the this is understood.

one and only God to whom we pray and whom we The word "father"is also applied to different personworship. ages. God is the father of the spirits of all men. They

We speak of Jesus Christ also as God. He is frewere begotten spiritually by him in the preexistent

quently referred to in sacred writ by that term. On the state. The relationship between God and man as father

title page of the Book of Mormon he is called the and son is real. Jesus Christ himself was the First Be-

"Eternal God."The personage known as the Holy gotten of the Father. (D. & C. 93:21.) Therefore, we

Ghost is also called God. Thus, there are God, the speak of God, the Father, to distinguish clearly among

Father; God, the Son; and God, the Holy Ghost; the the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. But, the title

two latter are under the direction of God the Father. "Father"is used also in behalf of Jesus Christ, who was

It is evident, therefore, that since the Father, Son, commissioned by his Father to create the earth and all and Holy Ghost are distinct personages, the word things on it. Mosiah, a Book of Mormon prophet, speaks

"God"is not only a name, but may be used also as a of Jesus Christ as "the Father of heaven and earth"betitle describing an attainment or office. Such applicacause he was the creator of "all things"as pertaining

tion of titles is not unusual. In the Book of Mormon it to the earth. (Mosiah 3:8; also Helaman 14:12; Ether

is stated that the Redeemer of man "shall be called 4:7; II Nephi 25:12.) Adam likewise, being the first

Jesus Christ, the Son of God, the Father of heaven and man, has been called the father. (D. & C. 29:34.) This

earth, the Creator of all things from the beginning."is not an uncommon use of the word. George Washing-

(Mosiah 3:8.) These are titles that refer to Christ's ton is called the father of his country. A man who

relationship to the Father and to his mission under the creates a great business is called the father of the inFather. stitution. The Indians are said to speak of the great

In the same manner the title "God"may be applied father in Washington. The leader of any cause is freto anyone who has attained to Godhood, that is, who quently referred to as its father.

has risen so high as to partake sufficiently of the Some students, noting this use of the word "father,"essence of divinity. have become confused. They have thought that Jesus

Joseph Smith the Prophet declared that there is a is really God, the Father. Others have attempted to

plurality of gods. An indication of such plurality runs identify Adam with God, the Father, or with Jesus

through the scriptures, ancient and modern. In the very Christ. That these are distinct personalities is made

beginning of time Adam and Eve were promised that clear in numerous passages in holy writ. For example:

they should "be as gods"(Genesis 3:5); and Jesus

.. voice, his father called our upon own by But Adam God their that in scriptures written the reminded it was Jews

I I the they before world, and. God; men made am gods."10:34.) of spoke Paul (John "ye are

If wilt flesh. also said him: thou in the unto he "lords weresaying: And

(I revelaCor. many."8:5.) gods and many Modern believe, voice, and unto hearken turn and me, and unto my

tion presents the same truth when it says "according to repent of all thy transgressions, and be baptized, even in that which was ordained in the midst of the Council of water, in the name of mine Only Begotten Son, who is full the Eternal God of all other gods before this world of grace and truth, which is Jesus Christ, the only name was."(D. & C. 121:32.) which shall be given under heaven, whereby salvation shall

This implies that many personages may have attained comethe HolyuntoGhost,the childrenasking allof thingsmen, inye hisshallname,receiveand whatsoeverthe gift of the power and place of Godhood. This does not make ye shall ask, it shall be given you. (Moses 6:5052.)

them in any sense coequal with God, or with his Son, or the Holy Ghost. Those who are denominated gods have If God, the Father, Jesus Christ, the Holy Ghost, and

a rank in the eternal councils, with corresponding power Adam, irrespective of their titles, are not distinct perto help foster the purposes of the Father. There may sonages, the above words become meaningless and

be many generals in an earthly government, but only absurd.

one commanderin-chief. Even so in the government Readers should distinguish carefully between speciof heaven. fic and general meanings of words, as may appear in

This doctrine is familiar to Latterday Saints. The the sacred books or in gospel discourses. If this is not

gospel teaches that the hosts of intelligent beings here done, much confusion of thought may arise. In fact,

and in the spirit world may progress forever. The conmany who have failed to do so, have been led astray

dition is obedience to eternal law. These personages are from the truth.

in various stages of progression, some beginning, others A good example of the unfounded foolish notions far on the way. Some, through the eternities, may that may arise from careless reading is the famous disalready have won sufficient of the attributes of divinity course of Brigham Young, used by apostates and

to be spoken of as gods. The destiny of all who are enemies of the church. (See Journal of Discourses,

faithful is godhood. Modern revelation makes the 1:50.) In this address, Brigham Young spoke of Adam

promise to all who comply with certain requirements: as our father and our god. {Concluded on page 797)

DECEMBER, 1943 769 CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Dissinger Lfiridtmad to UjoulI By Katherine P f?W'jWW<}/"y?yJ>o rPT>-> /2T?> r?T>> <J env

TOYS FROM ODDS AND ENDS 'ntf solid color

Wiik* The scrap bag will furnish material Teens for the bedding. Cut a mattress to fit Yellow

the bottom of the bed ( Figure 3 ) from ticking or heavy print and seam, piping Jjorder'or cording the seams if desired. Stuff

with layers of cotton or cotton batting and slipstitch opening shut. Make two

pillows from matching material.

The sheets and pillow cases (Figure

TITake this both an economical and To make the hood, cut a piece of ma- *Y* happy Christmas for the children. terial, as shown in Figure 2. Finish

constructed from toys are easily or lace. ribbonThese with end Run 2 straight the house, stitching about ends along of machineodds and two rows take or

mother's of tucks, the busy a alsoonly a few hours back edge. shown Make Cordin.

time, fun enjoyment furnish insert untold and in Figure wire through 2, and for a little girl. tucks. Pull up the back edge of the

A Spool Bed and Bedding. A little Stuffing hood so that it fits one end of the box

girl will be delighted with this fourand tack into position to the outside spools the the correctposter box. from length the and of wire bed Cut made muslin. are scrap from of a 4) made and grocery box hood, as A to a a 3,boards from in Figure wooden form shown lazydaisies flower of spray French and

the at salvaged right dainty fromthe of bedding angles ends wire and bend takes knots only to minute a do and

It inch. to sides dimenone-halfscrap for bag. be any can of made hood Tack decoration. dainty a makes

doll. sizesions to of outside box, to as edge shown. fit any quilt also (Figure The made 5) is

is side boards, ruffle the the the of out bottom, outside height cut The Saw colored muslin flowers from with and piece, the foot turning inch for shaped plus the oneand and head box down in place, is quilted appliqued as border and nail in together distance outthe Figure the 1, and twice aroundshown and quilt or machine. patAnother by hand

to tiny a box. formwith brads Empty ends together, side of the box. Seam if desired. be used may

posts. legsspools the (The tern form and never guess Bassinet. would One A will required of depend spoolsnumber frilly bassinet, that for just right the the io Ibck spools the bed.) of size the Theupon

are stacked on end and glued with glue BotiotfLs or wooden cement, which may be pur- 'WU chased at any drug or dime store. The

latter is preferable because it makes for -Tack lo sturdier construction, as the spools ouiscrfcs apart. pulled cannot thus glued bewhen 7otd setting the legs, to the box Glue the --- v7 to the center in exactlycorners of the box

of the spool holes. A piece is sawed Seam..

out of the spool that fits around the corner of the box, as shown in Figure 'm- 2, and the spool is glued in place; then Gather

to in position glued spools aremore form >%&fe Tucks cotton smaller darningthe posts. A

be used or large beadspool may wooden doll, newest baby was made from ** v-fol-3 in the hole eachto finish post. The a FIG. 2> ftlbb several box, grocery feet of last wooden

spool is filled with crack filler or putty. baling wire, a piece of dimity, batiste, or

When the glue or cement has had other sheer figured material, and a bit time to set, sandpaper very smooth, and of ribbon or lace. Tucks witlz inserted wire.

paint the bed with enamel, or wood Cut a piece of material the height of Gathers stain. the box plus two inches by once and a ttvod lacked

half distance around the inside. Seam to outside edge.

of together run and rows ends two Wins, benfat side. stitching Pull along each Xoiiom ofspool themachine 'right anoies

fit to box, as up to shown and tack pleats in JfdAe

Figure 1, after first padding the inside when tdchitfa

SdW outpiece of the box with a layer of cotton batting.

Cut a pad to fit the bottom, seam, leavHiihhosz ing one side open, stuff with cotton, and orJtaces slipstitch opening shut. Make a pillow

and cover in the same way. FIG.

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

finish bottom with more of the ribbon or lace. Turn down top and run two rows

of machine stitching about onehalf inch from edge. Pull up to fit box and

baste in place to cover the tacks. Ribbon may be basted around the top edge

if desired. Finish the bassinet with a

double bow and streamers sewed to one corner.

GIFTS WITH PERSONALITY

lovely wrapping complements theA gift inside, makes it doubly appreciated. But your packages always seem

to look like a small child's first attempt!

Making a neat, smooth package is mo trick at all when you do it this way:

1. Cut paper large enough to wrap

around the box, allowing for overlapping one inch at the bottom and extending beyond each end of the box slightly less than the depth of the box. If paper

is thin and the box shows through, double before cutting or line with plain paper the same size.

... For FLA VOR that teases

NUTRITION that pleases Use ROYAL ENRICHED BREAD There's a flavor and freshness about Royal Enriched Bread that teases your appetite before you even taste it. And you

also get those important healthgiving vitamins and minerals that supply extra food 2. Wrap around box with overlapvalue everyone needs.

ping edges on the bottom and fasten with sticker.

Enjoy This New Radio Serial 3. Fold top of wrapping down on

end, sides to center, and bottom up "SAM ADAMS, YOUR HOMEover ends. Fasten with a sticker. Turn FRONT QUARTERMASTER"

package and fold other end. KSL—9:30 a.m.

4. Turn box to right side to decorate. Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays

it will impossible to buy year be This every day Co., Salt Ogden Fresh Royal Lake and Baking ribbons, papers, of the pretty and many at your grocer's of Service 50 Years and Progress More Than years, packand former of decorations

ages will be wrapped in plain tissue and simply decorated.

1 A tall box of bath salts is wrapped in red tissue and tied with red ribbon Wherever They Go.. <bend the (bra to those

ending in little red and white yarn pompoms. rica,"I andhavethebeen'Era'overseashas beento aNorthconstantAfin the Service

all through my companion to me army ft ribbons red and 2. Crossed a red Era The Improvement

Charles in of life."glued to candle are holder the top St. $2.00 50 North Main

Arizona Florence,I. Lambert, City, Salt Lake Utah Year tissue package. a white

(Continued on page 772) DECEMBER, 1943: 771

{Continued from page 771) tissue with dark blue stars and a single 3. Boys like smartlooking, tailored crisscross ribbon.

swe8 packages.plied to whiteRedtissuecellophanepackages.tape is apnarrow5. Silversilverbellribbonstickersdecorateattachedthe totopa

$lfg$ 4. A large box is wrapped in white of another package.

fVfltf* estetft

in the oven, get a pie plate or a pan large enough to hold the fruit cake pan. Cover

the bottom of it with salt and set the fruit cake in this pan. No matter how long the

Payment for Handy Hints used will be cake is left in, it will not burn on the botone dollar upon publication. In the event tom. Mrs. R. K., Miami, Florida.

that two with the same idea are submitted, To prevent filling from soaking in pie the one postmarked earlier will receive the crust, dust over bottom crust with a mixture dollar. None of the ideas can be returned, of flour and sugar before adding fruit or

but each will receive careful consideration. other filling.—Mrs. A. J., Mesa, Arizona.

An excellent way to economize during

TODAY IN grocery stores boxtheseintotimesa child'sis to turnwardrobe.your oldI paintedunusedmineice

ica—inthroughoutbig citiesWesternand small,Amerin whiteDecals.andTheaddedice compartmenta touch of holdcolor shoeswith By Josephine B. Nichols

every town and hamlet, and in and socks while the space underneath is for Yummy Gifts from Your Kitchen side hats the shelves in caps. and every crossroads store, The you'll

feljolly helping *V7"ou'll the adore old easily rod compartment a removed and were find Utah's own Milk! Morning

tie stars, sprinkle saucy A low on bowsuits to dresses. for hold hangers added and the For of fame Milk's Morning knots, splash holiday hues over their and children gay love to put away own The finer flavor has spread throughit I. tidy. clothes keep Mrs. and A. for giving. San these delectables eating J., and the out States. 1 1 Western California. Bernardino,

Have you tried Morning Chicken Timbales it fails is usually to pop, popcorn When its Milk? flavor Compare with fat butter 3 other or tablespoons litcontent. the moisture of low A other any evaporated milk flour 3 tablespoons and becausetle will experimenting water show much how you'll understand milk, thin broth, thouscups or gravy why to is of a needed. water teaspoon One

3 eggs are ands switching to finerfla- it is the quart average. of popcorn Mix

salt pepper and vored Morning Milk! it container. airtight in thoroughly, put an

In 24 to 48 hours it is ready to pop. G. G 31 cupstablespooncookedchoppeddiced chickenparsley California. Berkeley,

Make a sauce of the fat, flour, and liquid.

Utah's Only Rub inside and outside of fowl with lemon Add the wellbeaten eggs, seasoning, and juice for distinctive flavor. L. C. J., Morchicken. Pour into greased timbale molds

HomeOwned oni, Utah. or custard cups. Place the cups in a pan of

Evaporated Pine cones may be used as favors at the water.about onehalfBake in hour,a moderateor untilovenset (350in center.F.)

Milk most elaborate banquet, or simplest party, Turn the timbales out and serve hot with smoothing by it will stand that the up—thenbottom ofplacethe acone,brightso nishthin creamwith preservedgravy or cranberries.mushroom sauce; garcolored candleholder with candle in top of

cone; a small triangle of colored paper Christmas Salad

for guest's the to the serve pasted cone may 1 gelatin quicksetting package is to excellent an name. This make way

flavor) (orange MOMMG girls clubs. for or BeeHive 4-H money

1 boiling water cup Idaho. Cleveland, Mrs. D. McG., J.

3 tablespoons sugar MILK To make roast poultry look especially at- 1 cup cold water tractive, glaze it with jelly the last half hour \)A cups uncooked cranberries before taking it from the oven. Break up the l/2 orange

contents of a half cup of red jelly with a Y cup chopped celery fork and spread over the fowl. It will have % cup diced apple

to be basted often, but it will have a brown, Dissolve gelatin in boiling water; add

Everyone Likes a Good Story—Mrs.shiny finish/. G.whichC, Oklahomalooks andCity,tastesOklahoma.delicious. sugarunpeeledandorangecold water.throughPutfoodcranberrieschopper; andadd

Give We save and dry our cushaw and pumptoto thicken.gelatin mixtureAdd celeryandandchillapples;until pourit beginsinto

Paul Bailey's kin seeds to toast in the oven; the kernels are mould. Chill until firm. Garnish with

good to serve as you serve roasted peanuts, mayonnaise. (Serves 16.)

THE GAY SAINT andapricotare verystonesnutritious.(sweet pits)We alsoand saveuse ourthe Holiday Cake

apricot, apple, in plum, kernels blanched butter or shortening novel based on early A fastmoving butter, roasted or in the oven. and peach cup sugar history Mormon Kansas. Wichita, Miss M. F., whites %5 eggcup

extract teaspoon almond is pair of tweezers a wondercommon A $2.50 sifted cake flour ful feathers help in pulling pin a turcups from

teaspoon baking powder is for excellent helpalso key; candle a wax Bookcraft The salt teaspoon It's to that fowl. Co. ing sureholiday prepare 1%

cherries (cut) candied cup fire off fine for feathers Y* P. burning fuzz.—and O. Box 63

Salt Lake City 1, Utah Mrs. A. J., Blackfoot, Idaho. ViVi cupcup seedlesscitron, finelyraisinscut

To prevent holiday fruit cake from burncup chopped almonds ing on the bottom, before putting the cake ViH cup coconut 772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cream butter; add sugar gradually and

cream until light and fluffy. Add egg whites,

after at a time, bearing each addition.one the Holiday Menu!

fruit, nuts, coconut, and flavoring.Add Add #tj|for

flour, a small amount at a time. Bake in a

loaf pan. Line baking pan with brown

paper and grease the sheet next to the cakebatter. Bake in slow oven (300* F.) one MAID-0-BARLEY

hour and fifteen minutes.

is a delightful warm beverage that

Honey Popcorn Balls makes any meal more complete Yi cup strained honey Yt cup corn syrup (light)... absolutely free of harmful

vinegar 1 teaspoon butter drugs and is very easy to prepare. tablespoon Yi

quarts corn popped\Yi honey, syrup, and vinegar together, Delicious.. Cook

stirring constantly, until it forms a slightly brittle ball when tested in cold water. Stir Refreshing..

in butter. the the syrup slowly over Pour

the well. corn into Healthful mix popped and Form

balls, pressing possible. as as lightly

the balls a festive appearance Give by AT ALL GOOD GROCERS turning some into clowns, pussycats, pretty girls, and many others of your own inRoasted and Packed By vention.

The clown may boast a red lifesavernose, grin with a half lifesaver mouth, and / WISDOM FOODS make a coneshaped hat from gay Christ150 Pacific Ave. Salt Lake City, Utah

mas paper to perch jauntily over green gumdrop eyes.

The pussycat's whiskers may be three red fulllength sippers, held at center with a lifesaver nose. Stick on neatly with popcorn

syrup, green gumdrops for the eyes. For

her ears, snip a sipper in half, bend each piece in its middle, and stick on with syrup.

The pretty girl's demure face may be made of gumdrops and lifesavers, with aperky hat made from a frilly lace paper <?> C

doilie cocked over one eye. Turkish Lumps (Gumdrops) MIItkiMKl

boiling sugar in water 3 cups gelatin tablespoons unflavoredY CUP 4 in Yl cup cold water 1 large orange 1 large lemon Bring syrup to a boil. Add soaked gelatin and boil twenty minutes, before taking

from heat; add juice from fruit. Divide into

two equal parts; to one part add red coloring and two tablespoons red cinnamon

candies; to the other part add green colorPRESERVES JELLIES

ing and two drops of peppermint flavoring. SYRUPS GRAPE JUICE

Strain into 8"x 8"cake pans to set; it reMARASCHINO CHERRIES

quires several hours. Cut into squares or PACKED IN DURAGLAS SWEET PICKLED AND

fancy shapes and roll in granulated sugar. BRANDED FRUITS

Stuffed Prunes

Steam prunes over water thirty minutes.

Cool and pit. Stuff with chopped candied

lemon and orange peel and walnut meats.Roll in powdered sugar. Headliners

TRIBUTE IN AMERICA'S KITCHENS Rooks'so veryCorner:helpful I andfindinteresting.your cornerI Wherevermous Standardgood Brandsfood is Products.appreciated,Theyyou'lloffer findthe utmostthese fain

should like to submit the following by quality and dependability, and they help women way of appreciation. to plan budget meals. No wonder, then, that

Scripture Puzzle Cake grocers give them frontline display space, and cup of Judges 5:25 recommend them wholeheartedly!

cups 6:20 Jeremiah DESSERTS GELATIN *ROYAL

1 30: 12 I Samuel cup of PUDDINGS *ROYAL

cup of Genesis 24:17 *ROYAL SALAD GELATIN

*ROYAL BAKING POWDER 4:22 of I Kings cups1% YEAST FLEISCHMANN'S teaspoons 32:20 Exodus\Yi

Yi teaspoon Leviticus 2:13 'Order through your jobber

to taste I Kings 10:10 Products of

10:14 Isaiah 3

in order given; bake 350 to 375 F.; Standard Brands Mix

cup cakes 15 min.; layer, 25 min.; loaf 45 Incorporate

to 60 min.

Very sincerely yours, Jessie M. Beishline

(Answers found on page 77S) DECEMBER, 1943 773 then took refuge in the mouth of a spillway tunnel in course of boring. I GOD MOVES counted eight blasts only, so I concluded

that things happened, one had of two simuleither blasts a miss had or two By O. F. URSENBACH M a /nudtenoud WaVua V

occurred. Peeking taneously around of the construction the feet up, demolishing Weber"Touring from hundred a

cliff, I the of the huge corner the saw*-* counties'reservoir unthe right then and Davis warmer, bounded powder dissix-foothigh fuse the boulder with at the Parker, Brothers standing.der the to and group had been where Perham

I visible. tinctly returned safety For intuition, narrows, atEast marvelled Rocks"Canyon Mr. Perham "Red my fear for minutes ten perhaps and waited

I it skilled manifestation with anotherbecause to somewhat but was was me fire. still carrying of fuse a slow At

I inspiration.explosives, of divine man, powder made was

I it length, miss, feeling that ap- a was

I replace to Still as spent nearly theand "Bob"works, became on known had the boulder. the proached came Then reasthree-syllable long, foot name. springing twentytwo a days By twomy

I foolish run, to explosion. turned (a premonition thirty contained of unexplained that loaded holeon when when thing conditions) ordinary under to do lurked, the blasting foreman,danger Fehey, Pat of such powder. kegs For

I last rething at the once, and when Life referred to frequently asoften shots took "Charmed Pat me and heavy betremendous thud a membered, was in tunthe refugeBob."powder magazine—aI that shoulders the knocked tween me fifty in feet feet drilled slope perpennel mountain a a above twenty a On I I to, for been down. had came When I cliff, rolling side, of door.dicular lumber gang with closed were a was a men

I only, or hurt stunned even not was this blast, the enter to previousboulders magazine not a from when warned that stone sore the ten had from pound

I vile his in halt time, to while Pat, proshouted to to onlyPat them have returned, struck the gang me. When giant fanity that sentence carrying characterizedpassed every below some pow-

I explained hapto Pat what and had

I retort asder. we're yet "Bob, with: spoke, he advanced, unseen some As

I providenbeen pened and had how if literally in safe there jerked back, pockasactual were God's power me we that his tially retort could saved, he was is et, thatjust that, in for shot pointed not the to time miss boulder way."huge a not charmed understand my cliff, I step, under took refuge a and Pat another advancedhad would We I life. realized, the gratitude, in Well crash boulder as at he huge crushed gasped me.have a had saw what Amazed that me. saved had Power It Itranspired, that into that magazine. destroyed natural against leaned many

wall and wept in gratitude for divine kegs of blasting powder, but a ton of At my wife's solicitation, I definitely assistance at this perilous moment. giant powder stacked along the sidequit explosives.

On the same works, spring had folwalls was untouched. While I was farm foreman of the

lowed a very severe winter, and at the I recall here one more experience on Knight Sugar Company's sugar farm in foot of a very high cliff I was thawing the works. From a heavy blast the Alberta, Canada, James E. Ellison, facfrozen giant powder in an oil warmer. evening previous, nine large boulders tory superintendent and general manaStanding near were Hugh Perham, his lying on the north slope of the dam, ger, and I had ridden horseback into a

wife and some visitors. At once I had been drilled and loaded for blasting field where I had some fourhorse teams

shouted: "Get out of here quickly."A while the crew of nearly a hundred men harrowing grain stubble. Observing

few moments later, a boulder crashed were at lunch. I ignited all nine fuses, that an inexperienced Belgian teamster

had his cross checks wrongly attached,

I asked him to hold the lines nrmly while

I passed in front of the two center horses to adjust them. At once the

two outside horses—broncs—began

kicking and running, and I was caught between the heads of four horses, with my only recourse to make a lunge over

ORDER WHILE THEY'RE AVAILABLE the coming fourhorse evener—but, detained in the lines, I failed, passing under the evener, and to my horror I went BONHAM under the new sharp irontoothed fourGARDEN section harrow. Following a short

CULTIVATOR dragging,cloud or dust,I rolledran outfor mybehindhorseand,to stopin a the runaway. I ran in the wrong direction, which caused the horrified Mr.

THE CULTIVATOR WITH THE TOOL BAR Ellison to think that, while saved, I had gardening Makes and BETTER. EASIER

Ideal for individual projects or group... Church perhaps lost my reason. The exceedor neighborhood. An extremely versatile tool... ingly marvelous thing is that I came

outstandingSTANDARD forEQUIPMENTnumber and includesease of oneadjustments.5-prong out without a bruise or scratch, which

weeder, 10inch one turn plow and one sweep. the to outstanding manimost me is

Tools interchangeable. tools available Other on festation divine protection that of has request.

Allelectric welded construction; allsteel frame, been mine to experience.

tool shank; bar reinforced and and hardwood

steel handles bushing for and long wearing hgb In my behalf, God has certainly assure long life and dependable service. moved in a mysterious way his wonders to perform. Why have I been

protected in the many crises during the years of my hazardous life? The soluit as appears be must to me now, An Ideal Christmas Gift tion,

that I foreordained, the sole been as had family, survivor to a misof my father's

I 7! sion of responsibility stewardship. and, R F r T FROMF R n w E*.1 7th eSouthB6t CiSt. N H AMfin.LSalt Late ru.iCityCO4, iulUtah!; ornow Twm222 HvijWest J nORDERR n F R nDIRECT

PleaseJ send New Model C Cultivator. there dross While been have much THE MANUFACTURER

D. (or) Send C. O. - PBuJUaim life,; alloy OR ASK YOUR and the yet from day in my

$ check or money order enclosed. 'HARDWARE OR of our marriage, my wife and I resolved

-NURSERY DEALER unfailingly to have our morning and! NAME - | Money Back Guarantee evening prayer, and to live Latterday

ADDRESS - Saint lives as best we could.

(Concluded on opposite page) 774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

WHILEHfiW*HUMattending class in the army finance day evening at 6 p.m. We have our opening

school at Ft. Benjamin Harrison, Insong and prayer, the minutes of the last

diana, the thought never occurred to me meeting, and read also the letter to be sent that I would have the opportunity to teach out next week.

the gospel before the group of fellows in my One of the mothers is responsible for a class. The occasion was the last afternoon musical number each week, another responof our technical training course, during sible for the letter. Each week every one

which time we were allowed to entertain in attendance signs the letters. Those unourselves as we desired.... Our teacher, a able to be in attendance and care to sendfine young fellow whom we all liked and excuses, have their names added. WAR TESTS

respected very much, knew I had been a Then we hold a prayer circle and the for years, missionary of our meetings is so inspirational.Mormon two and many spirit and MACHINES did, too. fact, Inof the class as a nickname, us so close together. They draw Each week MEN

some of them called me "preacher."36 letters go out.

letters in quite the proceeding a are was from coming The afternoon back Now our... and war is provingpleasurable contributed his rejoice everyone great to and boys way as have cause we

particular talent to the entertainment. Unin knowing the Lord is carrying our message Stokermatic dependability,

fortunately many soldiers seem to enjoy to them and theirs is as great to us.

questionable jokes, and the fellows who Maybe this will give other wards and despite the shortage of knew some of these stories told them before mothers some ideas.

the class. It was on such an occasion of Best wishes for all our service boys and service men.

funmaking that I was asked to take my girls.

part. Emaline Palmer With sons and husbands

the the stand before stepped upon As I in military service, and class, I fellows of the that suggested one tell them about my missionary work. That Ft. Sill, Oklahoma whole families of home

is I just happen! what I hoped would of the endlessness concept of man told THE as front workers absent from missionary also about ourthem system and entity individual, is the progressing an

several experiences.... greatest inducement to wholesome living home night and day, a

attentiveness reacTheir and favorable is cm essential to alltion to great joy I had said brought thatNowI knowI canof. appreciateIt is our surewhyfoundation.the parting Stokermatic

heart. teacher to came The me latermy father of almost were words my identical worker in many homes. that of the fellows remarked doand many to his son: of to those "Remember, Helaman

at all, to churchnot and go what I had told it that the remember, is upon Rock my son, Its monthafter-month deneeded. theythem was just what is of the Christ, of Son our Redeemer, who

If I had not been trying to apply the God, that ye may build your foundation... pendability means fewer

teachings of to the the gospel my life in a sure foundation whereon if men build they interruptions of service in fellowsarmy, the probably have would fall."cannot

thought as I was talking to them, "He It is plain now why the story of the these war days. And the

doesn't live what he preaches; why should Prophet Joseph and the restoration of the

we pay attention to him?"gospel was explained to me until I thought longer the war lasts, the

everything out. I Pfc. perceive Keith M. Peterson it worn why now more you will appreciate

* * * of the in in the done name was our home

Hattiesburg, Mississippi LordgenderJesusan Christ.implicit Perchancetrust and itfaithwas into ourenits dependability.

do not have a chapel in Hattiesburg, Lord; perchance to ennoble my future byWEbut we hold our meetings in the home building a sure foundation.

Sister threeof about miles from Ida Norton Cpl. Rondo S. Harmon Thetown.

is small sometimes branch and Our wedo not have a leader until one of the boys Overseas Stokermatic from the camp comes who holds the priest-... If the time comes when I cannot

hood. please not write worry so do you Company are thankful chosen Shelby was Camp today. We again held church about.. Weoften,

trainingfor S. center for the L. the D. St... State 1415 South tonight I'm so now came. Eva. Myme.

soldiers. lendJapaneseHawaiian They it. the to reading way, managed By we City, get Salt Utah Lake interest think meetings, to our andmuch we facilities the sacrament the proper and had

it wonderful to hear them bear such strong today. You just can't imagine how it seems.

testimonies. I guess it (religion) is the main thing we

Pearl M. Thames are fighting for, isn't it?...

Pfc. Wells P. McGregor

E have For OVER FIFTY YEARS In the Service."organized Weas "Mothersmeet everyof BoysSunofto Godhim. in his outfit, too. YouCensorcan be proud AidsIPSEin treatment simple of Canker,W Holbrook, Arizona The Lt. is glad to have a man so close

sore throat, and other minor mouth and throat irritations. GOD MOVES IN A MYSTERIOUS WAY

(Concluded from opposite page) ardship, be the time near or remote, my

Dispassionately and in no boasting deep gratitude to my Father in heaven Hall's Canker Remedy sense, we have, as a family, filled nine will be my first thought. 536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake City, Utah

foreign missions. All seven of our sons

hold the holy priesthood and are repin presidencies,resented stake high PUZZLE SCRIPTURE CAKEcouncils, bishopric, responsible other or.. callings. to Puzzle 773) Wherever They Go children's eight (Answers All of our found on page

the other overseas me A marinemarriages temple solemnbeen have butter apprecicup teaspoons he and powder day much me howwrote Yi 1 x/2ized, ordinance done have work and we arrival the of ated the and toldwelcomed salt sugar cups teaspoon y2 of de- \]/2 our thousand than onefor more raisins taste: spices to Lois 1 cup Westover,

ceased ancestors. 2 cup water 3 eggs San Diego, Calif.

When called upon to report my stew- 1% cups flour

DECEMBER, 1943 775 CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,

CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, CHARLES A. CALLIS, AND HAROLD B. LEE

(P&A&jmaL WsdfauisL attendwhich, thealthoughward designedteacher trainingfor preteach-class, yondice canpartyplanning.be rendered Invaluableby promotingservRehabilitation a Special Work ing training, has much to offer teachers worthwhile leisuretime activities

Tn the church Welfare plan, one realready in service who have never had among quorum members. Recreation in

* sponsibility of priesthood quorums, such specific help. The Sunday School's the Home is the title of a booklet reamong many others, is to look to the teacher training class is also the place cently published by the church auxilrehabilitation of quorum members and to send prospective priesthood teachers. iaries. It is brimful of homecentered

their families, spiritually, socially, physTeacher training should become the leisuretime activity of a high order.

ically, and economically. In every quolong-range as well as the immediate Committee members should become acrum there are members who need to be concern of the class instruction comquainted with this booklet—as well as

built up in one or more of these fields. mittee. with other recreation literature to be The personal welfare committee unobtained at the local library—and from

der the leadership of its chairman, the QhsihxJfL SsihvicsL time to time in quorum meeting call for of descriptions upon members president, should a studyquorum make for Everyone Work pursuits leisuretime reports of sucand his peculiarof coneach and member all should have aim to quorum TVERY cessful will entertainments which home inditions. should the committee Then

its servof their perform members some others follow to stimulate example. activities carryaugurate through and

to build up individual quorum members ice in the church. Loyalty to the quore- willingness implies to accept a rum ihsL their circumstancesas demand. TboisA. $wwl JMcL the in sponsibility to engaged be and being should Steps to avoid be taken PointSaving of Projects things in called for the of program work attitudelulled the current to sleep by

that because most people are employed to be done. This program offers an 266th Quorum of Seventy

spiritual opportunity for growth residof seventy, 266th quorum is and rp heall a Melchizeto mind well. We call

for a happy and It makes ing in the Stratford priesthood who, development. quorum member Ward, Highdek

for the lack of half an acre of ground satisfying religious life. land Stake, reported in a recent stake

and a few hundred dollars capital, is Classification of quorum members on conference that during the summer they most unhappy because he is not presentthe basis of fitness and availability for had canned 11,469 cans of asparagus, ly selfsustaining. Would not a little service in the quorum, ward, and stake peas, corn, and beans, having a ration

thought and interest given to the soluis an obligation of the church service point value of 195,030 points. Eight

tion of this man's problem by his fellow committee. A careful study of the card hundred sixtynine man hours of labor

quorum members pay as worthwhile file of individual quorum members will were expended on the project. In addividends as would any other object to guide the committee in its efforts to dition the quorum members have spent

which that thought and interest could encourage activity. Every bearer of 440 man hours on garden projects and

be given? the priesthood should receive attention 176 hours on miscellaneous Welfare

Perhaps in your quorum the need for and be urged to assume his responsibilprojects. Fortyfive of a total quorum

rehabilitation is spiritual or social. ity. membership of fiftyseven participated

The quorum can become a powerin one or more of the above projects (fla&A. Qn/JjajudthyfL ful unit in the church if its members in which a total of fiftytwo families

are alert and active. The advancement were assisted.

Teacher Training of God's work rests with the priesthood Since the report was made more corn in the instructors are concerned carriedTJTow forward and is worthy by memtomatoes and been canned. have Quo-

* qualified bers are with their to ** the various and ready quorums who repair rerum members will a roof and teaching technique, their methods? How act when the call comes. Regular meetbuild a garage for the mother of a quomany know that there are excellent ings of the committee are the first step rum member in the service. Other

helps available to them in the church? A towards a better understanding of its Welfare projects are being planned.

conscientious reading of John T. Wahlduties. "Moreover thou shalt provide

quist's Teaching As the Direction of... able men, such as fear God, men Keeping in Touch

Activities or of Adam S. Bennion's of truth, hating covetousness."(Exodus "Crom a letter in which Sgt. Alma B.

Principles of Teaching (both published 18:21.) * Rigby of the Army Air Corps exby the Sunday School) should give presses appreciation for receiving the

priesthood class leaders new underEra in camp, the following paragraph is standing of their role as teachers. And quoted which may encourage quorums

along with that new vision they will Creative Forces to continue to keep in touch with their acquire some valuable teaching tools. A r A. Elwood in his book The Remembers absent in the armed forces or series of articles, "Talks to Teachers,"* construction of Religion states: on defense work:

by Dr. Wahlquist currently appearing Play and amusement are most necessary I heartily endorse the advice given to

in the Saturday church section of The things in our social life. Upon them, not keep in touch with absent brethren in our

Deseret News, is worth the attention less than upon serious work, the whole armed forces. It is indeed a time when they

structure will civilization interest of higher appreciate that has especialbeen and be instructors.of priesthood

is it. built. I ly to that impressed reason believe relate There just good one by May instructors Priesthood could incident interest that forces the creative mastered have follow when been we you? I have may

material profit thewith teacher training in latent attending the play First and education Bernardino amusements, San Ward.

which appears monthly in The Inwill be easier, social life more joyful, and The bishop there has numerous times made structor, the Sunday School magazine, civilization itself more humane and beautispecial mention of us as members of the which is entirely devoted to the imful. Social religion must seek to control armed forces, even mentioning our names

provement of teaching in the field of resocial pleasures so that they will work in before the congregation. That, in a way,

socially small thing, a direction. constructive but it certainly was a went is this ligious education. Instructor The

long really toward making way me feel itself tool. thus a teaching Priesthood of the social The and miscelwork welcome.

teachers should use of make I also the appreciate interest of my 'brethit, scheduleshould their permit letters. it.whyAnd,not portancelaneous committee,of recreation,in viewshouldof thego imbe- ren at home and their welcome

776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA women. Drink (also smoking) injures that no one who drinks immediately beNO-LIQUORTOBACCO women more than men in body, mind, fore or during the time of driving shall and soul. A woman is more finegrained, be eligible to drive? Why should we COLUMN more delicate, more sensitive than a longer tolerate this proved and indefenConducted by man. Thus, her body is more vulnerable sible mortal danger?

than narcotics a man's."Lord The Dr. Joseph F. Merrill to

children of the have mothers Russian Soldiers—No Liquor mercy on

who smoke or drink. All the world admires the fighting

Yale University School qualities of the Russian soldier—his

Drinking and Driving bravery, his endurance, his loyalty and organized at Yale Univer-'"Phere was that obedience. could wish AmeriWe finds Safety Council National The * sity of the past School a summer free soldiers drink as as from can were

still that the stands vehicle unmotor Studies, ofAlcoholic the purpose which his pictures following the Russian comin challenged as a killer America. More

: for service present educational towas radein-arms

is since than Pearl 40,000 Harbor dead scientificthe developments research of

Florida, in Arcadia, address In given an the sustaining charge. the record relative influence of to study theand naturalized Mitz, Valentina Ukrainian a Ray Salt of Burton Wilford Moyle Judgealcoholic persons beverages and on this lecturer, statement: remarkable made attended Police City Court meetLake living. socialtheir if offers soldier a Russia, "In a woman in ings Traffic of the Safety Council

in prison. atliquor, six to months serve This has she course summer new was

tended by college and high school eduChicago a few weeks ago. From what If she gives it to him, she is shot. There

there declared learned he he the while drinking the soldiers be the can no bycators, workers, temperance managers driver of the worst is one drunken is strong, for the on, must be war men publicof liquor control boards, safety of fully whit every possessed confronting healthy, pubthe American and menaces experts, social health workers, minand is ability. quite a their This strength of and lic today.isters, psychiatrists, safety public ofin America. have contrast with what we

ficials, writers, representachallenging long question temperance The is how with surrounded hunare camps army Our thistives for agencies, of liquor will stand public and others. the American As dreds of saloons."The call is 'Wake up,

is state it lasted declarea school laws six weeks, America!'Should not menace. and it

said was strictly educational, objective, and scientific in the study of most of the liquor problems of the day. Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, February, 1944

But the most important approach to Text: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from thethe liquor problem—the religious—was Writings and Discourses of John Taylor

absent. In this respect the Latterday

Saint church has a great advantage over all other organizations that study the LESSON 5 family and home? In the church and church

of the society? use In The government? Life revelaliquor divine of Interpretation of Eternalism, An problem—that permission"obtained "having phrase (pp. thetion. the Prophet Smith Joseph 1013. Vital ProbTopics: To Text: The pp. indicate that to not seem would 12) 11 and in Belief the Life. "is in liquor truth lems. that the revealed Purpose TheLord of course, received, matter as everyone a

in the PrePlace PreExistence. Woman's it is for not meetnot good"and man in the blessings accorded the womankind

Life. of Existence. Earth Conditions sight hisin that drunk. liquor should be blessings hypothepre-existence. the Are

No rightthinking person wants to disDiscuss: What are the vital problems of cated by President Taylor attractive?

please the Lord. This fact is the most life? Of what value is the "struggle for exposition, Should honor? for istence"fame, 6 all LESSON to ofpotent induce our people, young

in life? his For position to better one seek Eternalism and Earth Life abstinent. to However,or old, be we is the or purposes? purpose What what

hope the Yale school will have a benemeaning of the phrase: "... this world is Text: pp. 1316. Topics: The Doctrineficent influence in the campaign for the state of our probation"? of Eternalism. Earth Life—One Stage of

temperance. From President Taylor's article, "The Existence. God's Interest in Earth Life.

Origin and Destiny of Woman,"what might Some Principles of Earth Life. Nature and

Kathleen Norris Says we conclude concerning the importance of Belief in God.

womanhood in the plan of this earth? In the Discuss: Two men are in business. One

"For generations excessive drinking accepts the doctrine of eternalism. One acby men has been the curse of helpless STALWART SONS cepts the belief that this life is the end of

womanhood and childhood, has been William J. Mackelprang of Kanab, Utah, needn't existence, denies preexistence or life after

the creator of want and slums, cruelty worry about the carrying on of the family name. "I death. Is there any justification for expectsays, be of proud,"father the a he "to such am the the different ing In two? conduct from crime.and serve that of group can our young our and men God that the idea of experience group can your

filled Mackelprang, nation."mission a Father of who the struggles generations "For will difference result and be demonstrated a to to States from Southern the is seen 1915, 1912 to have reprecurb this cursewomen sons, left follows: as front eight here row, his with verified? difference does and it make, What

(deacon), right: Romel, Evan, effort to Antone, of their Dow thesented one desperate and is the difference important, or do we merely

left J. (teacher), Jr.; rear to right: Kent their William of fervent prayerlives, the one it is? assume (teacher, sergeant staff J. and Marine Justin in the

University), attending Loyola Brother Corps, nowhearts. But represented the experience in your From

filling Mackelprang, (now Gayneld a mission andtended group, in study what evidences can be brought Hazel Mackelboys, of the Canada). mother The to women—anow this cursebitteris beingreflectionexupon the code of character of American prang, served missions to the Central States and forward to sustain the affirmation that this

California. life is but "one stage of existence"? What

are our beliefs concerning God's interest in this stage of existence? What evidences are

there to demonstrate this interest? On page

15 will be found the basic Latterday Saint statement that knowledge and testimony come from obedience (Journal of Discourses 25:9495). If this is so, what is the difference between a testimony of the work of

God and a testimony of evil and its work?

Why is the harmony of nature suggestive of the validity of belief in God? Is there harmony in nature? How might it have been

produced, assuming the case, were there no

Supreme Being—what can the human mind

fathom on such a score? If this problem is

tried, the grandeur and depth of John

Taylor's conclusion (last sentence, JD 1:

151, 152) will be understood.

(Concluded on page 778) DECEMBER, 1943 777 MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD (Concluded from page 777) with respect to life in the celestial and Nature of the Resurrection. Eternal Judgit Is to ment. possible of glory? other kingdoms 7LESSON fear Saints the Latterday. Discuss: the strictly Do in with accordance law "be Eternity of ProblemsSome Presiwas or death? not? What why that of do"?... in everything Why we. What. God

Eternal Conflict. 1619. score? Topics: on this testimony Text: Taylor's pp. dent celestial of it the the abide to does law mean

Marriage. for Eternal Experience. subject of the proper Role well beThe of experience""role of the What might kingdom? What

of Kingdoms Justice. Laws and services? (See p. 21.) and at funeralLaw this review speakers connection (In in this regard?

Glory. Conformity. The Essential Equality the discussion held in connection with the What is the Mormon doctrine concerning

of Men. question in lesson 5, "This world is the priesthood and the future state? What was

Discuss: Why should there be antagonism state of our probation.") Joseph Smith's personal belief regarding the

to truth and what elements of human benature of the resurrection?

the in individual the is role of the antagonism? such What producehavior Why 8 LESSON eternal judgment? of be governed""being in experienceshould of Eternity: process Problems Some of the docfeatures the main in governing Summarize to competenceprerequisite Resurrection and Death efthe should in eternalism. trine of experience What Christ'sothers? was What

this regard? Text: pp. 2025. Topics: Death and Resfects of accepting this philosophy be for the

Are of believers? a society For to individual? for "It urrection. Is Appointed Men Once entrance for is requirement basic a What effects? social of such evidences there any Funeral Death. Soliloquy on Die."is the of A the God?into kingdom What

region? valley? stake? State. ward? In your the Future Priesthood and Customs. conformity doctrine of the ofsignificance

THE CHURCH MOVES ON Idaho; St. Anthony, Hodges, L. Everett Eastern: Daryl Merritt City; Salt Lake Cannon, George John 767) page (Continued Phelps, from E. Utah; Rex Magna, Ottley. Helen SpringMargaret Peirce, Margaret Idaho; Newdale, Neibaur,

Arizona; Thatcher, Tate, Alma Arizona; Harold California; Mesa, Angeles, Vincent, Los ville, Utah; June

Paul, Idaho. Released Toone,Missionaries William Spencer Malan, Elfreda A. Utah; Malan. Ogden, B. Alexis

City. Salt Lake Booth, William Avard Utah. Ogden, includes roll following Jose. honor San Browne, Donald Arthur England: North Barker, Henry Hawaiian:NewT'he Canadian: LaVar Western

California. City. Salt Manookin, Lake Stuart Utah; M. Ogden, September during released those Shurtliff, Oakland, Warren Lewis Central: North OCTOBER Calinot preothers Diego, Sutton, 1943, San and Eldon California; Williamand October,

Utah; Ross, Garland, Perry Rulon Brazilian: Utah; Clarkston, Thompson, fornia; Rex Kay reported:viously Utah; Carl City,,Call,Kenneth Moses Brigham B. Utah. Roosevelt, Willard Manwaring, Elmer

Haacke, B. September City; Joel Rulon Woods N. Nevada; Salt Las Vegas, Lake Gibson, Gertsch, Lena Northern:

Utah; Provo, Utah; Paul Price, Lewis Jay Utah; Cross, Harmon, Grange, Lake Merline Salt Utah; Peterson, Tooele, Gillespie, Lloyd Vaughn California:

Rice, Glenns Salina, Grant Sargent Homer, Utah; Kenneth Hunt, Byron Grant H. Utah; City, Idaho; Iris Cedar Preston, Heaton, Purser, City; Hyde Gordon

City; Silver, Salt Blackfoot, Lake Idaho; C. Williams, Ferry, LeGrande E. Sanders, California; Boyd Nuys, Idaho; Mae Verna Van Fisher, Rexburg, J. City. Salt Lake Utah. Werrett, Salt P. Providence, Gerald Zollinger, Sorenson, Ivaloo Idaho; Carolina; Hugh J. No. Wilmington,

Logan, Niederhauser, Mesa, Anderson, Elmer Joseph California: Fredrick Robert Wyoming. Northwestern: Smoot, Bruce, City; Crook Dean Lake

Ardell City; City; Salt Salt Sainsbury, Lake Lake Utah; Nielson, Utah; LaMar R. Lorraine Tooele, Alta Arizona; Martin, Charlotte Vilate Central:

L. Emily Mexico; Farmington, ShumMary Utah; Washburn, Kaysville, Ord New O'Neil, City. Brian Charles Salt Lake Davidson, William Jesse

Boise, Schlerf. Kirtland, Shurtliff, Bernard Utah; Taylor. Charles Ogden, K. Utah; Arizona; Bobby Phoenix, Garland, way, Anderson, Lester Grant Eastern:

Utah. Midvale, Idaho. Pate, Jacob Mexico; FrederAlma City; Robert Lake Salt Barker, New Heaton Dee Falls, Idella Idaho Anderson, Utah; Lee Marion Midvale, Canadian: Olson, Alleen Ruth Southern: City. Salt ick Lake Dynes, MexiAlbuquerque, Clark, Arthur Robert Idaho; New Idaho. City. Driggs, Blair, Salt Lake Charles Wood, William Japanese:

California; Salt Beach, Charles Bennion, Long Fewkes, Vergil Harden NuNelson Colonia SpanishAmerican: Bowman, Wesley Henry Mexican:

City; City; Junius Salt Lake Salt Foulger, Ernest Lake Elkins, W. co;Raymond Robert City; ColWallace Cluff, Lake Leath Mexico; Oscar Chihuahua, bian,

Elba, Ottley, Wilmer Arizona; Phoenix, Andrus Idaho; Frank Rex Gibbons, Nampa, Fewkes, Derald Colonia Bluth, Warren Mexico; Chihuahua, onia Mac Juarez,

Arizona; Lundgren, Duncan, Payne, Idaho; Albert Lorenzo Arthur Lynn California. Oakland, Colonia Jackson, Allred, Clyde Chihuahua, Mexico; Dublan,

City. Salt Lake Thayne, Joseph Howard Utah. LeBaron, Monroe, Mexico; Dayer Alma Chihuahua, Garcia,

Fayette, City; Salt Lake James Neerings, Bartholomew, Central: Abraham Homer Henry Western: RobMexico; Rowene Chihuahua, Juarez, Colonia Jr., Idaho. Leland Falls, George Grantsville, Utah; Idaho, Palmer, Jr., Richard West, Raymond Walter Utah; Milton Mexico; Chihuahua, Dublan, inson, Colonia Salt Toronto, Alberto Richfield, Sevy, Utah; Paul Mexico; Chihuahua, Juarez, Colonia Alvin Romney, 799) page on (Concluded City. Lake Ernest Texas; Christi, Ruiz, Corpus Rangel Raul

Piatt Farmington, Taylor,NewSafford,Mexico;Arizona;Miss AdaRey Whetten,Rolla Thayne,ColMISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD OCTOBER 27, 28, 1943

B. (home Colton Harris, Don Hall, Adele Mexico. onia Maxine George, Inez Fenn, Drucilla right: left to First row Chandler, Lamoreaux, Carter Alvin C. Almina England: Knowles. Evelyn NewJuarez, Ellsworth, Elaine Tanner, Hilm'a director),

Jesse Idaho. Coon, Eloise Gray, Thornton, Violet S. Smith, L Watts, Dee Arizona; Marvin Nelson, J. Etta L T. Nelson, Franklin row: Second

Logan, Bankhead, Elwood Central: Reid North Laudie.. Orpha Bluth, Elaine Wagner, Thelma Mortensen, -.Torres,. S.,.Manuel A.. Simmons,'Ross, Utah..,Stephen George, St. F..,',,GeraldAlice Julian Ross, Utah; C. Hall, D. Katherine Fred Bushman, row: H Third

(instructor). Utah; Berrett E. William Brighton, Rogers, R. Ballstaedt, Rogers, S. Carl Daniel Ida H. Cope, Northern: R. Thomas Rawson, James D. Farnsworth, Alene

L. David Bochme, Porter, Norma Arno Nevada; Pearce, Panaca, John W. C. H. Butler, Wadsworth, Frances F. Jo Andreason, William C. row: Roy Fourth

Engel Idaho; Marie Cleveland, Andreasen, Voloy Stoddard. W. John E. Anderson, Harry Stone,

RedBosshardt, City; Salt Fay Lake Duehlmeier,

mond, Utah; Elwin Harry Anderson, Pocatello, Idabo.

Northern California: Donna, Tanner, Payson, Utah.

Southern: Alton Louise Kunzler, Rosette, Utah;

William P. Whitaker (mission president), Pocatello,

Idaho; Mary Hawley Whitaker (wife of mission

president), Pocatello, Idaho; Paul Robert Cheesman,

San Diego, California; Eugene Douglas Dana,

Phoenix, Arizona; Norma Dredge, Malad, Idaho;

Verna Bohi, Rexburg. Idaho; Lowell M. Bleazard,

Tooele, Utah.

SpanishAmerican: Frank B. Fox, Salt Lake City;

Clarence G. Teerlink, Salt Lake City; Raymond Junior West, Salt Lake City; Harold E. Weise, Ogden,

Utah; Arnold Lynn Green, Salt Lake City; Lillian

Lee, Tooele, Utah; William F. Andra, Jr., Preston,

Idaho.

Texas: Phoebe LaPreal Sanders. San Francisco.

California; Floyd Martin Carlson, Long Beach,

California.

Western: Rachel Agens Beutler, Salt Lake City;

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE

FIELD, SEPTEMBER 29, 30, 1943 Front row, left to right: Miriam

Royle, Idella White, Doris E. Brian, Don

B. Colton (mission home director), Lucille Glover, Alice Egbert, Alice Mae Anderson.

Second row: Ralph T. Mitchell, Sarah

0. Mitchell, Merlin N. Cook, Catherine

Holley, Murene Wood, Joseph S. Pearce,

Ruth Sloan, Helen Bay.

Third row: Harold W. Dance, Oneta J.

Hansen, William E. Betrett (instructor),

Shirley A. Syphus.

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

he the Covenants Doctrine andcLJDJudtpL Sp&akApriesthoodespecially by a study of the scriptures; nose? What does he eat? What does Wholike?areWhathis companions?are his homeWhatconditions?is his scriptures, teaches us our duties which

in the priesthood. hobby?"

is no mass technique in handling those honoring "Fourth: who 2. "There By

girls."boys and willing in preside over us, always being

not Brothers are alike. are not Boys is re- 3. that everything ready and to do

alike. All of not alike. ate Twins of us. quired brief sane and leads us to some which ROBERT at regular our "Fifth: attendance By is religious F. no conclusions. There

REED quorum meetings, and thus preparing herding. You can herd cattle and

ourselves for promotion in the priesthorses. You can never herd souls.

hood. Each boy is an individual. His quali-

"God says in the Doctrine and Coveties may tally with the boy next to nants, section 136, verses 19 and 20: him to the point that we are deceived

apselfsame the that imagining into shall build himto seek up 'If any man ilthe same method, the same proach, self, counsel, not he seeketh and my the warning, same the lustration, same shall folly his shall power, and have no will work reward the same punishment, manifest. be made true. is not both. This for

"all pledges ye; 'Seek your and keep leader teacher and as are wanted that 4. You not another; covet with one of Jesus field famous by made in a and "

"Dobert is president of the deacon's which is thy brother's.'Nazareth. He knew each disciple! He

"quorum in Glendale West Ward, knew the impulsive Peter; he knew the

of he knew John; heart tender warm, In Stake. recent adaSan Fernando he of Matthew; ability LEADERSHIP the financial WARD BOY in five specified whichdress he ways of Thomas. heart doubting the knew OUTLINE OF STUDY a COMMITTEE the priesthood: honordeacon may little blundering were they him To

"I believe I would list first a clean JANUARY, 1944 children. And so great was his human

mind. All the things that we do are sympathy and understanding of each

in the Garden even that them of onefirst in mind. says, the Text: conceived BOYS God TO WIN HOW his him, deserted they when of Agony guiltless that taketh will hold not him Boy XIII: Average The Chapter patient com- a criticism was in vain.'Also, clean moral name'Imy one watch not you severestment—"Could the Text: I from best the to Quotationsthoughts; and way know of heaven King with me?"The hour

is to listened Dr. 1. continuous, theseobtain years humble ago we Some of little "class"that read thoroughly so

of educommissioner Smith, Paysonprayer. tenderness and patience his that his

(I said Massachusetts. of cation He today! even nations the of is byword a clean, strong body, ob- "Second: A in stuck for the words verbatim, quote carbon made not has the of the to laws obediencetained 5. Maker by The: is average no "There memory) my souls! boys'copies of of Wisdom.''Word his is, are If color there what boy.

"Third: We can also honor the eyes? Or his hair? How long is his (Concluded on page 780)

SOUTH LOS ANGELES STAKE AND WARD AARONIC PRIESTHOOD LEADERS PUN PUBLIC SPEAKING CONTEST

Karl H. Miller, chairman of the South Los Angeles Stake Aaronic priesthood committee, writes the following account of an unusual project:

"On August 7, 1943, the South Los Angeles Stake Aaronic priesthood committee, together with the general secretaries and a member of the bishopric from each ward, met contest. speaking plants public priesthood perfect extensive stake house for an Aaronic to stake lounge session at the in the allday in an

priesthood give meeting, also to give them assistance in an organized talk in a sacrament fiveminute at least contest in the have each one is to of the purpose boy main "The meeting. priesthood at our the weekly hold attendance meeting sacrament also help to but at should their up attendance increase will This not onlymethod.

have boys of the respective five ttie are to stake. and divisions, east side of our with on the west Our plans five wards wards on stake into divided two our have "We

giving in different the stake. opportunity of speak wards thus boys to an ward, the talks with each exchangewards

each from winners contest. its elimination The will each have of wards. winners provide for own ward suitable the awards own Also asked each to have ward "We

tenminute best the for prize grand finals, trophies finals. for with a in stake furnishing planning winners on the in semifinals, thereof meeting the meeting with Wetheirareward

liquor and tobacco."talk on

Noble Pearce; Goldsmith, Don Jensen, Henry J. Singleton, Tolman, row, in left Harold are: right: Robert A. White, P. Arthur to photograph above back the Leaders

stake Sedgwick, Howard committee; priesthood stake Miller, Aaronic stake Y.M.M.I.A.; superintendent Robinson, of of chairman presidency; B. Karl the stake of OwenWaite,

G. Halch, Hamblin, E. Crandall, Reo Ellsworth. Henderson, Robert Arthur E. Richardsecretary; Alvin Duncombe, Don Montgomery,

Green, Fife, Bill George, William G. Stevenson, Jesse Wardle. Clifford Garth Gerber, Jack Howard Jones, Hal Sperry, Lee, Lambert Oren Hunter, D. Miller, Lin row: Front

DECEMBER, 1943 779. )

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Aaronic Priesthood

(Concluded from page 779) WARD TEACHERS 6. Each boy in front of me is capable of The teacher's duty is to watch oyer the church always, and be with and

some sort of leadership. I must do a strengthen them;

little prying, if it means I entertain him And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with in hint or strongly enough home my lying, speaking; neither backbiting, other, nor evil each

his. in guest a and become I must together often, the see thai church and also see that all the meet And I his folks. must him know know

their duty. (D. C. 20:5355.) do & likes, his his members through he hobby, what

own personal reactions to politics or athletics, or citizenship or school or religion half themes. a other and dozen

this his life lAJam UeackeH ffleaaae for /4anuam} 1944 to to read boy I owe it chart made up of likes and dislikes, of moods and phobias and longings. Yes, "AS WE FORGIVE"

I must pry into his dreams without his even suspecting it. Jesus taught us to ask our Father in heaven to forgive us "as we forgive."

7. Do you know the methods of the This indicates that unforgiving souls are unworthy to be forgiven. And

gardener? He does not herd plants or if we, even the best of us, be not forgiven, what chance have we for exaltablooms. Each one is a matter of pertion?

sonal attention. Some plants have Our attitude toward the weaknesses of our fellow men, therefore,

habits. pretty respond bad Some the status hereafter. our in determining factor Only great own a to becomes

artificial of water and sun forms and sinned. since all soul have Only the soul forgiven who can be exalted, cultivations. is perplant each But

fected. Each gets individual care. Each forgives will be fully forgiven.

is nourished. Each is watched for Strange that any of us should permit "the thoughtless sentence or the

flaws. How much more, how times fancied slight, to destroy long years of friendship and estrange us."Strange

more precious are the boys in front that men who would obtain mercy, could become unmerciful; who appreof—fruityou whoof servicemust sometimeand kindnessyield fruitand refuseciate kindness,to forgive.could become unkind; who have need for forgiveness, could

neighborliness and performance of closer false impressions, unchristianlike to "gather and hug them How duty!

often to us transgressions."as the seem years go by, till virtues What

Helps for the class leader: cruelty is the issue of the unforgiving heart.

1 Stress the importance of studying each Jesus gave us the perfect example of the principle of forgiveness. None

individual boy. were made more happy than those who received his assurance that their

assist class in the suggestyou 2. Have lifted cross, prayed, sins the forgiven them. he upon when were Even

in least at ten ing a which ways for not do."they forgive them; they teach- "Father, what know individto the learn er understand may

is It that than did safe to nothing brought joy Jesus assume him more together, pupil, ual as such a long walk etc. to forgive his fellow men. He gave his very life that Adam's transgression

may be forgiven and that we be spared the consequences thereof.

Let us each look back over his own life and recall the time when he has forgiven someone. Has any other joy been more gratifying? Has any other

Ancient Prophets feeling been more uplifting? The destructive feelings of smallness, pettiness,

(Concluded from page 751 and hate, or longing for revenge, are crowded out by the attitude to forgive.

"Forgiveness is better than revenge; for forgiveness is the sign of a gentle

as one who understands "the science of nature, but revenge the sign of a savage nature."

Isaiah govgovernment."understood shall forgive? said, times "I answered Peter Jesus and many we How

its scope, in all meaning andernment until until thee, times: seven times seven."but not unto seventy say The

political insight that intoand he had shall is if that forgiving implication tire of never one another would we we life constituted statesmanship. which approved. be

less looked he a prophet.Yet no was He If this the day, of us judgment say, "Father, could were many how

hisat the nation a problems of from

I I that treated nothing treated than as ask be more have my fellowIreligious his viewpoint, messages and I forgiven as forgiven them"? I have be men—thatcould his the are to peoplefrom among God live that forgiven forgive."us so Let "as be we may we

history. prophetic epochal ofmost He

had a sublimity of imagination, and not only makes one see the truth, but he glorifies it in all his writings. Here is a prophecy which forecasts one mighty growth or stature of an

His political policy alone has chalthe time when the world will recognize honest man, as big and compact in virnations. tue idea as in of conscience the body."The the the greatoflenged thought of some

itself, in distress, according to times of Jewett William Isaiah adEven science. writersest on political He

is principle of monished to and Tucker, is a working take advantage Judah lies all that justice at the oftaught root good government. being slowly evolved under the condiits isolation and to trust in God's purtions of modern civilization. The conpose and character rather than in poliJustice shall rule the hearts of the people, ception of the state as a moral person tical intrigue and expediency for safety.

the spirit of mercy shall be the ideal of the is not new. The Old Testament has Isaiah's whole being was illuminated by

children, and reverence, which is the recogmany statements to this effect. Greek a sublime faith in the true and living

nition shall of the voice of be God, that the taught the the of "end of a the philosophy coming and God, knowledge principleguiding of all men. have.. We live the to live, of him, state is but to only Messiah, not redeem would who city; will strong salvation appointa. God

livthe old believed MilPuritans world unto and vouchsafe every nobly."The gates,for the walls bulwarks. and ye Open

that the righteous nations, which keepeth ton when he wrote that a "nation ought ing soul, salvation in God's kingdom the truth shall enter in. to be but one great Christian personage, through obedience to the laws of God.

780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA under way toward the purchase of a reed organ? See October Era, p. 622. Vk9 WARD MUSIC GUILD 3. Have we purged ourselves from the

use of music which is foreign to the spirit

THE FUNCTIONS OF AN ofmusicworship?or operaticAre melodies?we guilty of playing love

ORGANIST PROGRESS OF THE GUILD 4. Are our organists as regular, prompt,

and dependable in their duties as is the

Third Guild Meeting: December By Alexander Schreiner bishop of the ward?

Tabernacle Organist and Member, 5. Does each organist know that church

By Dr. Frank W. Asper Church Music Committee music is like drink to a thirsty soul, and that

Organist Tabernacle and Member,

Church Music Committee This is the third in a series of six heMatthewwill "in10:42.nowise lose his reward"? See

articles the concerning of work cochoristers and organists can 6. How

music as work, guild. This'T'he organist has three functions to the ward to tempos, respect dynamics, operate with

is stated, before direction the under first, in service: the church * perform understandings? mutual is and of the chairman, music ward who to preassigned 7. organists four be Letthe solos consisting the organ, of on

a bishopric. the of member ward of at examples organ present pare an andprelude, postlude, sacramental and musections of various from Reports sacramental postlude, and effective prelude,sic; the to the second, accompaniments the the indicate that church muward music.choir; to third, the accompaniments and sic is guild having program very a treatfor subject 8. The Announcement.

singing.congregational it If satisfactory will success. conis will meeting fourth at the be "What ment

Let us consider this organ solo music. tinue to stimulate our church musithe Matter with Choral Singing?"Look for

inspiring cians for toward music more this to article this subject appearIt on the on selected should so planned and be shall assemblies, our worshiping we orBoth in Era. the January music page itthat to individual help every an may indeed pleased. be prepared choristers should be ganists andattitude humility, reverence, of and sure that of be not any may We together. their opinions discuss to try, far organist soworship. must The us in are perfect the which music: we to consulted 9. Bibliography be OrThe

is in his hisas prelude power, If offer strive to make the Lord's day. on we Cannon; Y. Organist's Tracy Manual, by

to. listened toward of being It is posworthy the improvement of our weak Schreiner; Alexander Voluntaries, by gan

efforts, our may music, now humble, disturb the organistsible for the to Album, by Frank Devotional Organ W.

serenity of worship by selections that some day become strong and mighty. Asper..may be illchosen. No number should

be used that has secular connotations,such as operatic melodies or love songs. organ is equal in importance with the Lakeview Ward Choir

choir part, sort being of a organ and sasurelySacramental music be must photograph shows accompanying ""Phe choir duet. the other the hand, when Oncred. as are organ used hymns * When small ward. a large choir from a instrument the plays notes as are same is it softly, slowly, tomusic, best play a Stake, with Tooele Lakeview Ward, sung voices, the the then accompaniby in regoccasional changeand with an ninety, of hundred one population ward to the should ment only support be usedistration. played postlude be The may singers. fortyfour choir of a some has voices.fairly necessarily loud, not with though to this example encouraging an Let be

is well hymnsinging accompany Tofull It short. well organ. be is may his that feels ward timid soul the who fine art. a the of organ sounds The acchoir. as organist of afford Twentyimportance a to small an too The reflect should of the sentiment general

in is realized population the choir the to ofcompanist percent seldom three ward the tone hymn. organ kept must be The record. organist splendid is director the theexcept a choir indeed and the by light the people hear enough can so

all conferthat for stake qualificationshimself. the has choir sung go This Of at themselves, the strong time and same ormissionary indispensable of the conferences,to an making ences, ward feel that so enough they support some its fluin servicesganist, ability to funeral play read farewells, the and and in for voices. their changes many Too

first is important. in sight otherently the These wards. at as most well as own in. registration indulged should not be especially their sightenjoy that improve they to singers report wishThose who the orshould be announced Hymns by abilities book. devote a green should few the Eacnreading singing hymn from in in the they are exgan tempo which of playing perform unlearn the to carefully eachminutes and day they month sung. organist should pected to be The material material. should thefamiliar recommended Such congregation for the director, strive, the together to with

grasp. technical his within well month. thebe of No hymn that neither ormaintain tempo. But

it feel he that is to to be slowly needmatter made may member Each how ganist for director ask should nor an even. kept organization. is should theplayed, be the vital tempo part of When a

it is set. in increase tempo, once do To

it choir untilIt is practice felt one matter of that this only a wanted new choir is sing distracting those to to so who their easily into or a as as a music book read merely seats, dug thecan members worship.

sufficiently to contributednewspaper. pockets, and

Consideration for Questions for them. pay should general, In accompaniments be

1. Is receiving organist due courtesy the follows is as personnel: Dewey The this voices. reason thesofter For than choir attention the and members and from S. Dixon, bishop; Donna Whipple,it that erroneously thought is sometimes of the prelude? at time director the See A. D. Shields and Martina director; Eva S. heard above should never bethe organ 429. p. Era, July

the choir. When the organ part is writ- 2. In small wards and branches where Duffin, organists; Jesse W. Duffin, manten independent of the voice parts, the pianos are now being used, are plans now ager. Alexander Schreiner.

LAKEVIEW

WARD CHOIR

DECEMBER, 1943 verts to the church, are diligent researchers.

Having themselves experienced many discouragements and having overcome them by earnest and prolonged effort, it is the conviction of every class member that

THE WEISS FAMILY TREE laughed,ceeded, andand failed;wept; theyand struggled,they left theirsuc- "Sacrificereport by bringsJean T,forthHardyblessings."From a

By Karl Weiss children and children's children to carry on in their stead. To us this family tree

is a symbol inspiring each descendant Mutual Message to live worthily richer and s produce ever tangible result one of 7V the present (Concluded page from 762) fruits. finer is and the responsiOurs ** churchwide to endeavor check "I believe they would. know, You family bility pedigrees to ascertain and a survey appraisal make of and wheththe only reason so people play many all er temple possible work has been the stock from human which have we is cards that relish outside the they have done, Karl recently Weiss brought to come, to seek and improve our pedigree for gambling the they don't genealogical their use library im- a unique ourselves through our descendants. and agination. "Weiss Family Tree,"said, covering the the is As you evening is says: Plutarch "It indeed desirable a years 16221943. writes all the acHe I arranged for can't them. for speak thing to well be descended, but the glory companying explanation. the I I but women, sell bet could the to belongs ancestors."our

idea to of the some around here men is It satisfaction our to for that know that I've met."

all families this the of tree I enquire, the temple For thee, pray the of former I "Shall it try sell to to the women?"age, and prepare thyself all completely, has been to done the work and search of asked with Mary enthusiasm more than their fathers: (For are but of are life. yesterwe in together linked chain of a she had since the shown conversation day 8:8-9.) ) (Job group Group have by checked over we began.

to the that sure names make has one no Weiss Family begins Tree Charles replied. "No,""Let's sneak omitted, that been ordisaving and with living Weiss, in Johan 1620, them. up invite on We'll the them toOQR all. nances have for been administered married who a wife named house Eva, and time. a show them good Give

and shows the names and relationship them some of that black currant juice to of him descendants. 898 Large famput you else up anything and want, you at Falls Great Work ilies of fifteen from ten to children are but end up with of glorious some your of the Falls, members Great MonSixteen in found every generation. pie. There lemon were resistance Their will be tana, genealogical Branch class recentdivorces.no father, pretty Henry after Weiss, that. I weak in, start My When ly half spent at a and the days two Cardston from came family a of fifteen children; better you'd not too be much on Temple. performed seventyone They my baphis father was one among ten children; tisms, forty endowments, 137 sealings, and side. It's good sometimes to have a conhis wife was from a family of nine chilnine received their patriarchal blessings. federate in the other camp. You might

I dren. their furnished group the father The ten. names own of am raise objections I even. answer When

able and to supply were for names Oldfashioned homes the others them, they others built, too. be convinced, may

also. thrifty and happy. Patiently if Let's see can't fine and loving- a Special we make severe in a drouth the There country was ly did they their devote lives Interest this toil in to group that will be ward and special and for offered. a rain prayer was service. Their credit aim to a the not it was call pride Mutual. and They the following Answer witnessed day was

ostentation and the gratification of with gratitude for the goodness of the Lord. SPIN-GRO. What say, Sweet?"

selfish desires, but to fulfil a high conThe majority of the class members, con- "Okay by me, dear."

ception of duty and to obey the laws of firmGod. They were believers in the -: At',ondemocracy the and altruism of Christ.

On this family tree we have an unTHE broken line of ten generations. The FAMILYWEISSoldest ancestor emigrated in 1620 from TREE,

Silesia to Bavaria. Members of the 16221943

tenth generation, our family emigrated from Bavaria to Utah in 1923. Between

these two migrations are three hundred An unusualyears of eventful family history, faithpedigreepromoting and inspiring. The earliest representation,

storyancestor, whose named at the root of the tree, recountedbecause of his religious convictions was is in the accompanyingpersecuted driven, and and in the midst articleof the Thirty Years'proved himWar self a stalwart supporter to the founders of Protestantism in the free city of

Nurnberg (Nuremberg). Here the

famous peace treaty, the Truce of

Nurnberg, was drawn up, at the end of this terrible religious war. Branches of

the family took root in the city of

Neustadt and a dozen surrounding villages; and descendants became pioneers

in tilling the soil and turning the wheels of industry. They distinguished themselves by their skill and thoroughness

as stonemasons and architects, sculptors and painters. Early in the eighteenth

century some of this posterity migrated to London, and were settled by Queen

Anne's government on the shores of the

Hudson in New York State, in what is known as the Palatine emigration; a

number later moved to Pennsylvania.

In each generation they lived, worked, 782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

PIONEER DIARY

(Continued from page 755) brick—sometimes the red of the bluffs meeting an old friend—find an inscripstrip'd "90 color, nearly with a chalk tion to Ft. ms.garet], E[dith] Johns"[John] 6—go

little it green shrubs give cross 2 ms., & herbage the rest get in,on, bait [feed] Creek, Deer & & I6c.—trav.crawl under8 ms.a wagthebeing Friday, August 20. Last night Br. a romantic appearance. We stop'd on dine—a dish of tea is very acceptable

at stream over severpretty road The smooth, for Dillworth day clear-—theLove who went tillnoon—pass'd at night. nine This hilly mor. but very thunwindy & barren. A aal]—trav. cattlethe 10 went & J[ohn]return'd—said sis. that I heard comb'd sat up Love night. before derstorm & 15 Trav. ms. [Fort]ms. Laramie—-foundthey beyond

them in possession of the French to her hair. This is truly a manifestation Tuesday, August 24. Prest. [John]

whom they were sold by the Ind[ians]. of the power of God. Trav. 17 ms. Y[oung] Bfrigham H.] Y[oung] &

They were oblig'd to give one pair to Sunday, August 22. Very late when Capt. [Jed. M.] Grant take the lead

atget the rest. [Fort] Stop'd wait a long while Laramie we we start—then

overnight, hospitably they where were for something to see be beforeWe encampnoon br.aboutLove1 o'clock—theybreaks a wagon.go adjusted—we

a road our [ile] the s from about the top of a ring on buffalo—The a hill, at about not bad—on 1 x/i mday—Whentreated & drove from there the next the front of the Com[pany] forming back for the wagon, &c. Br. Baker kills

left, distance, far in the or a ridge ran for our brokeCamp, the cattle half one. & past P[eirce] Capt. stops on

herd, where they were found this the stream below. Capt. L[athrop] mountain rises in majesty behind the

bluffs ranges smaller of between, havgetsmor[ning]. Capt. P[eirce] an ox three going proposes ms. farther—they of clouds. the appearance dense blueof Br. pair the to with one odd Love hitch rather the ing & yoke up or up—ascend of rain variety shower to adds style. hail & A usual on in our road go The hill afterwe hasty dinner swallowing a

the afternoon scenery. Trav. 8 ms.is up & down hill—high peaks to be Capt. G[rant] & others meet [Capt.]seen at the right & left—showers fallLathrop who is in front & object to the Wednesday, August 25. The Camp

in out the mor[ning], moves geting sometimes on them we drive & back much move—after

in Capt. P[eirce] Capt.sprinkl'd. rains & cause Recent is in the the way called & form M [filer]leaving ring—atalkmeetingthey for waiting the maker wagonto rather & the be muddy. on encfamp] for adjusting matters. Capt. G[rant] We

a brisk little stream with a range of saying he was willing for us to travel broken wagon. We start between 1 1 &

bluffs on the left—I take a walk along in 10's or otherwise, but wanted an 12. The weather cold—the road smooth,

the sides & scare up a mighty large understanding, [to] have it done by the but deep ravines, pass a board saying

Ft. 110 m[ile]s from a ferrabbit. fath[er] with Sup'd &moth[er] voice. general arrangements Some new

to inscription the Johns—passsays 8 ms. where potpie. rabbit 12 ms. on Trav.Chase liberty giv'n ry for herding were made &

another. another Pass 120 waymark, to 10 for any ready without start when start very Saturday, August 21. We [Laramie]. from Ft. Johns Encampauthorities, the to upper 6c, &c. ms.late. B[righam Y[oung], J[oseph] H.J regard

the not an hour reach is Sis. smart. quite on high—do ed—sun [JedediahY[oung], M.] Love—she & Call

bluffs cloudcapped on our Camp. The 8 ms. Trav. in B.] Noble's teams [Jos. Grant'sfront—we left dreary 14 Trav. look a cold day. on Sis. 23. to the general mor. not This Monday, August gonehad far when

PTeirce] broil'd Riter an- [Levi] Grant, M.] &joy [J. (To be continued) Capt.other, [Josiah] which with to meet them back went who some bufHalo]M [filer] kill'dmeat or 15 ms.

the stray cattle came up after recruityes [terday], but it seem'd to have been BFort Laramie, first called Fort William, was named ing their strength with a repast which the father of all buffalos & uneatable. forestablishedWilliamtheSublette,fort in who1834. withTheseRobertmen Campbellhoped to

start last night at the 8 with the post entrade Indian River N[oble] Capt. Missouri at our left on awas We

it Hills. Black bought the by was A yearbetween in front Prest. about road round [John] and Y[oung]campment. Our was fort at the others Bridger and & andJamescontrol wholaterrebuilt

it sides [or bluffs Y. this Capt. as of also time $10,000. overbetween a was At known & hills—the

it better however, as Fort Fort John, became known for the cross road 3 ms.of the Bluffs a distance a and Z?]stream—comein the rear. ontoIn aboutthe cost it is situated, river the the of Laramie, which on name

were nearly the color of well burnt Platte in about 8 ms., which seems like a tributary to the Platte.

THE RELIGIOUS GAP IN COLLEGE

(Continued from page 760) what they are will determine what he is It is rather futile to condemn higher... we are led to state that one of the to be as a Christian citizen. Knowledge educational institutions for their poor

main reasons why students appear to be alone will not suffice. There must be showing in religious development until

religion the transiduringless influenced by is the that they contactstion period have Kronera developedsaid imagination.in his BedellAs LecturesRichard whichwe do wesomethingsend to aboutthose theinstitutions.material in religion period the precollege withhad

have not been of the nature that readily at Kenyon College, "... for thought Nor should one attempt the unprovable

fits in with their enlarging knowledge of is only a fragment of the mind, claim that colleges and universities althe universe and its interpretation in more whereas imagination embraces the ways stress religious development as or less scientific terms. totality of our existence."And for Dr. much as they should. In order to keep

There is real danger for the child who Kroner, the part played by one's imreligion out, some schools are willing to is too soon directed into the vocational agination is most vital in his behavior. shut God out, too. As a consequence,

subjects with the mistaken idea that he In truth, he says we get students in our history and literis preparing himself for a "job."The The trend of his imagination indicates ature classes learning for the first time

famous Regents Inquiry of New York the nature of a person, the height of his what Christianity has meant to civilizafound that the socalled practical submoral standards, the very worth of his tion, while they are being denied the jects often turned out to be the most character, the level of his spirit. A pure privilege of studying the history of

is heart in a imagination, proved pure a Christianity.unpractical. P. director Rainey, Homer

in sublime sublime mind images. saysof Commission, American Youth life,"in religious then, "gap The are mortalthe shocked by we When:in Tell Story Their Youth first the place seems be in something to list ity disclosed noting the by number the of Since vast majority cannot youth adolescents. to expected from be They in of school youth noting and Sunday until after eighteen jobs ofget years age, attitude changed they a whether show in those the following services, church the since vast majority of themand can be

life not. subjected are college to or might suspect to the begin cause. their specific fortrained in jobs we shortterm

courses, it is clear that the high school Again, when we note the relatively Doubtless environment plays an imperiod is going to be free for training of a small number of young people who beportant part, but the particular personmore general character. come active church members, as comality involved plays a part also in the

The adolescent needs a chance to depared with the number who are in Sunmanner in which it responds to that velop his mindsets and attitudes, for day School, we might pay some heed. environment. (Concluded on page 784)

DECEMBER, 1943 783. &—THE RELIGIOUS GAP IN COLLEGE

place, In the second depends in his more and will his church shape own is the studentWINTER QUARTER upon {Concluded from page 783) has been at home, in his own school, life what to he enresponses called when he is on the new

Begins January Fourth terslege doescollegefor thanhim, uponapart whatfrom whatthe colhe toandlead.churchFor arethat morereason,significantschool, home,reliis. His reactions to the environment giously to the prospective college stu-

-ATare largely predetermined. What he dent than is the college he selects.

5riaham\ai%am l/loL/jovma BAPTISTE, SON OF BIRD WOMAN ( Continued from page 757) "She's sinking!"came the terrified

come the firstclass guide and interwords. uniuerslh preter. Before the Cincinnati sank, however,

When he was eleven he was met by the crew managed to get all passengers

Hugh Monroe with the Mandan peoand most of their belongings safely on

Prepare far a world that ples. To this traveling white man Sacashore, though everything was drenched.

exciting impatiently month, the travelers For a story-—her demands training! jaweajourneytoldacrossher lifethe mountain with St. at the waited for another Genevieve

Courses are available in all Lewis and Clark explorers, and her downriver boat. Finally the steamboat

earlier capture by the Minetarees. To Mandan was put in readiness to pick

thirtyeight departments his sorrow, Monroe saw Charbonneau up the illfated passengers. On Decemof study. gamble away the horses which had been ber 5 they were again slowly feeling

to aftertheir given Years young Baptiste. Orleans. toward way New Laboratory equipment and liBaptiste ward, was to meet Monroe dark Through shallow nights and wabrary facilities are better than again when he had become a fine upters they crept. They passed banks of

ever before. standing man who spoke English and beautiful cypress, covered with Spanish

French very well and served as intermoss. In the region of magnolias and

Personal preter for Jim Bridger at his fort on palms, a springlike air dispelled the ice

River. Green of winter. 19 they On December assistance and guidance are the chief city of Louisiana Baptiste was eighteen he met reached When

provided by a highly trained the twentyfive-yearold adventurer New Orleans.

faculty. from Germany, Prince Paul, who was Five days later they boarded the brig

the unusual for with journey. the overseas had But Smyrna boy who rich spiritual usual The and delighted an Indian mother, a not right. FrenchCanadian the winds were For two cultural is preprogram father, trapper the drifted and spoke threemasted vessel French weeks who

served, even in wartime. with scarcely an accent. It was Prince about on the Mississippi, or lay at

YOU will find happiness and Paul, avid seeker of knowledge, who anchor where mosquitoes swarmed and alligators eagerly Clark's awaited General apthe waters. nosed above At development at

last, of proval the boy's journey to Europe. the news came that wind was fa-

"THE FRIENDLY SCHOOL"And now, on this October day in vorable, and that the Smyrna would be 1823, Baptiste stood in Clark's colorpiloted out to sea.

For your copy of the catalogue write: ful council room that looked down upon But when she reached that part of

The President the yellow spotted Mississippi. Eager the channel where the salt water and the

for new adventures across the sea, Bapriver mix, strong countercurrents

BHIGHAM YOUNG tistewas awaiteddearer tothehimwordthanof thiswas manhis whoown dangerformed theheapsnavigation.of silt andFreedearth ofto thatenUNIVERSITY son,father.he Thoughput asideClarkeverythingwas a busyto helpperhazard,gulf watersat lastandthequicklySmyrnaleft struckthe coastthe

PROVO, UTAH Baptiste prepare for the life ahead. behind. To Baptiste, this was indeed a strange new world.

\I7ithin* a week after visiting William By January 10 they were in sight of "Clark, Prince Paul and Baptiste Cuba. The weather was favorable.

found passage on the steamboat CinGloriously day by day the sun rose and cinnati, which was taking a heavy cargo set, illuminating the horizon with a wonof lead to New Orleans. With the derful red glow. Above the mirror

blessings of General Clark, and good waves, flying fish and seagulls played. ROMANCE <W wishes from a host of friends, the travThe last of the month, a hard west PIONEER LORE elers left St. Louis November 3, 1823. wind blowing, they met the chill of the

at tkeli beat"Thefine naturalprince hadspecimensin his baggagewhich hemanyhad bankscury fourteenof Newfoundlandbelow. Thoughwith thethundermergathered in the wilds of America. He shook the sails and lightning speared

was anxious to make the hazardous the sky, with mast creaking and rigging home voyage without mishap. whistling, the brig rode the liquid mounBecause of low water, the heavilytain of the deep. On... on...

laden boat ran on shallows several times, Safely she cut through the fogs of the but luckily it was freed again. Then a English Channel, passed the lighthouses

b&rP&OL BAILBY strongsnowflakesnorthwestbefore windit. Thearose,air becamedriving ofGraceFrance,on theandfourteenthslipped intoof FebruaryHavre de

cold. painfully All passengers THE took BOOKCRArT to three CO. onehalf and months after depar-

P. 63. Salt O. City. Box Utah Lake terrific shelter. there a was Suddenly St. Louis. ture from

the Please books checked above impact. Cincinnati upon had run The Send s.endCOD.

$ check or money order enclosed. a snag, on one of those dangerous tree "Dor the next six years Baptiste did

NAME trunks lodged in the river bed. The *- not see his native land. He lived

(ADDRESS bottom of the ship was pierced through with Prince Paul in a fine castle at Stuttand through. gart and studied the languages which

784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BAPTISTE, SON OF BIRD WOMAN ENJOY INEXPENSIVE later marked Baptiste as the expert the wilds, drinking water from a beaverlinguist. He visited the interesting spots skin he had filled; and finally made his PRIZEWINNING

toof France, Valley and of his hungry Cache father's peohomeland way on to ORANGE MARMALADE ple; also the spent of England, Ogden's Hole where Germany, fur men and

Africa. He carried with him the culture the winter. In 1832 he was a trapper It's Easy To Make Anytime

of his strange race, and absorbed the working for Jim Bridger and Thomas

Old World learning. Prince Paul wrote Fitzpatrick, partners in the Rocky With This Simple Recipe

a book in 1828 telling of his American Mountain Fur Company. 6 Medium Sized Oranges

journey and the finding of his Indian In 1 839 he was one of the two hunters (2 lbs. Sliced)

friend in the western wilds. This was hired by the VasquezSublette party 6 Cups Water

subsequently published. Later he prefreighting trade goods to the mountains. 2 Cup Lemon Juice

pared another book manuscript telling Five weeks'travel brought the mule- (About 6 lemons) of later experiences of the two young drawn wagons to Vasquez Fort on the 1 Package M.C.P. Pectin

but through themen, years it has been Platte, Sugar forty miles South Level Cups north of pres9H lost. Consequently, interesting the later, deent ready (Measured for use) Baptiste Denver. days Two

tails of the adventures of Baptiste while proceeded to Brown's Hole on the traveling in Europe can only be imGreen River in northeastern Utah, 1. Cut oranges in cartwheels with very

agined. For many years a painting, where he ran onto his old friend, Kit sharp knife to make slices thin as possi-

"Prince Paul and His Indian Boy,"Carson. The two men had begun their ble. Discard the large flat peel ends.

hung in one of the school buildings in mountain experiences in the same year Sliced fruit should weigh 2 pounds.

Germany.—1830. 2. Put sliced fruit in 8-quart kettle. Add

In 1829 Prince Paul made another In the spring of 1840 Baptiste, with the water and lemon juice.

journey to America. Baptiste, who was six companions, took a mackinaw boat- 3. Bring to a quick boil; boil gently for

now a cultured young man twentyfour load of buffalo robes down the South 1 hour (uncovered). If peel is not tenyears old, returned with him. Again the Platte River and on to St. Louis. This der in 1 hour, boil until tender.

Prince obtained, through General Clark, was one of the few successful voyages 4. Measure the cooked material. Due to

who was still superintendent of Indian down the shallow islandstudded boiling, the volume will be reduced beaffairs of the west, a passport to visit stream. In the summer of 1842, again low 7 cups. Add water to make total

and study the interior Indian country. he was carrying furs down the Platte peel and juice exactly 7 cups.

The polished Baptiste obtained emin a flatbottomed mackinaw to market 5. Put back in kettle. Stir in M.C.P. Pectin;

ployment with the American Fur Comat St. Louis; but because of low water continue stirring and bring to a full boil.

pany. Soon he was living the outdoor he was stranded on an island which he 6. Add sugar (previously measured). Stir

life of the fur man, the life which his facetiously named St. Helena. As he gently until it has reached a full rolling

forefathers had lived. He trapped the waited for the stream to rise above the boil, and BOIL EXACTLY 4 MINcunning beaver in the wooded mountain troublesome sandbars, he camped under UTES. Remove from fire; skim and stir

streams. Prime pelts he garnered to be the big cottonwoods. Through the teby turns for 5 minutes.

sent across the ocean to make fine beadious summer, travelers came his way. 7. Pour into jars. If you use pint or quart

hatsver for the nobles he had amused jars invert unseal hot and on lids to he suavely jars, St. Helena,""Welcome

the in Europe. simplewhen He ate to set. shake begins Then, til Marmalade food said the pathfinder, Fremont, to John C.

of the broiled mountaineer, venison upright. set jars This keeps the and was on his first westward journey well who

steaks of and the coals beaver tails over throughout. distributed peel evenly of exploration.

his camp fire. Riding a horse and leading

: This recipe works equally wellhis pack mule he traveled the Rockies "St. Helena?"Fremont and his men NOTE

if or Valencias. they heard aright, and with Navel Oranges When to Oregon. night wondered Mexico Byfrom New studied their maps. is is overripe variety either and peel thearound glowing listened coals he

delighted to the tall tales of seasoned "Exiled like the great Napoleon, here soft, use %-cup Lemon Juice instead mountaineers, and in his clever manner we wait,"explained Baptiste. "But rest of %-cup. (Be sure to discard any

spiced the trapper talk with wonderful you. We'll fix a mint julep to cool your seeds.) This recipe makes 7 pounds of

stories of overseas adventure. throats."And with mint from the river prizewinning Orange Marmalade.

At summer rendezvous, when trappers bank he concocted a true western thirst from all over the West met at some quencher.

appointed mountain valley to barter Shortly after Fremont's visit, the writer, Rufus Sage, and was traderswith the from States and with traveler to too, Subscriptions to "St. Helena."welcomed He, theirIndians various from hunting

bearing went a delightful away memorygrounds, to the colBaptiste responded softvoiced of the trapper had Soldiers Overseas host whoorful gathering. he With abandon

classic education, a -war a quaint humor, and lor vital cargo space To conservejoined in the horseracing, dancing, that requires the post office travel lore. a fund of wrestling,gambling, or storytelling that gift (this not subscriptions does materials,NEW

to personnel for renewals) army applyenlivened those carnivals annual the of soldiers overseas if the only entered be 'HThe next year (1843) Baptiste served harthe year'searly West. when And Simply the magazine. requested have

soldier order that the your has on for Sir note as guidevest and cartdriver freighting of furs to ready for was to -wish request, a such you made promiStewart, a WilliamSt. Louis, often Baptiste Drummond the trip made gift subscriptionif at any him send a new

down to the fur emporium. Doubtless nent nobleman from England who had of the following addresses:

he celebrated with old acquaintances in gathered up a great party at St. Louis A.P.O. c/o Postmaster, New York, N. Y.

hunt buffalo. familiar city, and had west to his comethe or visited agwith

eightyfive the sportsmen his Clark,ing guardian, death Among were A.P.O.Calif. c/o Postmaster, San Francisco, who until

in 1838, continued as Indian superinthe son and the nephew of General Wil- A.P.O. c/o Postmaster, Seattle, Wash.

tendent of the West. liam Clark, Baptiste's old guardian. A.P.O. c/o Postmaster, New Orleans,

Though the good general had been dead La.

"Dor fifteen years Baptiste traveled the some five years now, Baptiste was A.F.O. c/o Postmaster, Miami, Fla.

western trails practicing the arts of elated to see the young boys and to A.P.O. c/o Postmaster, Presque Isle,

the mountain men. In 1830 he was servteach them the arts of the buffalo hunt. Me.

ing with the western department of the It had been thirtyeight years now This post office ruling applies only to the leadto navy, personnel underAmerican Fur Company with Baptiste since Sacajawea, her army upon overseas—not

corps, or coast marine guard.ership of Robidoux. Once, Joseph captain for back, redhead westhad led the

eleven days, he wandered alone, lost in (Concluded on page 786)

DECEMBER, 1943 785 BAPTISTE, SON OF BIRD WOMAN {Concluded from page 785) bottoms; and struggle over passless change, Baptiste went home to his moth-

'ward. And now Clark's dream of Bapmountains, er's Indian people and married a Shotiste as interpreter and guide had come In double file the halfclad men shone girl. There he could help his Intrue. tramped ahead of the wagons, clearing dian people toward an understanding

Clad in buckskin, straight black hair a way for the creaking wheels. They of the white man's road of life. For a

falling about his shoulders, clever slashed the spiked cactus and yucca, time he settled in the Bridger Valley, tongue conversing with Frenchman, rolled boulders from the course, laid then moved to the Shoshone ReservaGerman, Spaniard, American, or any of brush on the heavy sands of arroyos. tion in Wyoming where his mother,

the numerous Indian breeds, Baptiste Up steep mountains the wagons toiled; Sacajawea, was spending her last days.

the guide was an arresting figure. In down steep mountains the wagons were His active years of travel and adventure

1844 and '45 he served as hunter for steadied by ropes. Through rocky debut made him happier in the newfound

Bent's Fort on the Arkansas, and daily files, where a road could not be had, the peace of the family tepee where he setbrought in buffalo, antelope, or deer to impossible wagons were knocked apart tied contentedly to the uneventful life feed the motley gathering in the trading and were carried piece by piece. of the reservation.

post. Here, too, he brushed shoulders But this Battalion of halfnaked, halfBut often in the hush of evening, with

with important travelers of the West fed Mormon boys, living on wild anihis children, grandchildren, and friends who paused for refreshment at this way mals, slaking thirst from alkali pools or about him, his soft voice told strange station on the mountain branch of the improvised wells, finally struggled tales of his youth. Dark eyes widened

Santa Fe Trail. through to San Diego. Baptiste the with wonder as he pictured ocean jour-

"The best man on foot on the plains guide had piloted an army westward neys in great houses on the waters.

or in the Rocky Mountains is Baptiste from Santa Fe to the Pacific Ocean, and Faces looked incredulous when he told

Charbonneau,"wrote William Boggs, had brought the wagons, too. The road of strange people across the ocean who

son of the governor of Missouri, after left behind was to become an overland wore not moccasins, but wooden shoes.

he had lived with Baptiste at the fort. highway. Wooden shoes! So unbelievable did this

And that was the verdict of many; As the weary but exultant Baptiste picture seem to the softtreading Inthough some thought the same of Kit looked out upon the ocean, his heart dians, they came to speak of Baptiste

Carson, Jim Bridger, and Thomas Fitzturned to the redhead captain who, foras the WoodenShoeWhite-Man.

patrick. ty years before, had broken trail In the later councils and arguments of

through an unmapped land and looked the Shoshones, Baptiste took little part "\T7hen the Mexican War broke, and triumphant on this same Pacific, from Let the young men have their say and "* Colonel St. George Cooke led his the mouth of the Columbia River. Bapdo the petty governing. He had his

Mormon Battalion from Santa Fe to tiste wished that his old guardian could dreams and his memories. As age came

San Diego, California, Baptiste Charhave seen the expert mountaineering of upon him, more and more he kept to bonneau was one of the guides to pilot Baptiste the guide along this southhimself. In a lone lodge, somewhat apart

the army on the long, hard journey. A west trail, for he knew that Clark's hand from his fellows, he dreamed his detrip of any nature over this country with would give benediction, his lips speak dining years away.

its troublesome arroyos, mountains, and approval. As the halfbreed's black When he died in 1885, a year after

long waterless stretches, would be difeyes studied the distant horizon, riding the passing of his famous old mother, ficult to make. But on Cooke's Battalion the organ swell of the deep, came the his body, bearing Sacajawea's Jefferson

rested the obligation to take wagons voice of William Clark. It spoke of medal, was taken to the hills and lowacross the whole uncharted way. On dreams fulfilled in this courageous ered between two cliffs.

that undertaking might hang the success Baptiste Charbonneau, "best man on One night, as if the Earth Mother of the conquest of California, foot in the plains or the Rocky Mounyearned to hold her son forever against

Before they could cross the Colorado tains."her heart, millions of tons of shale

River at its mouth, the Battalion must avalanched down the mountain side and cut a sevenhundred-mile road through Years passed. The West became an deeply buried Baptiste and his medal.

thorny mesquitecovered table lands; A open book. When the land was ocThere today in the wilds of Wyoming

cross sandy deserts with watering places cupied by settlers, the need for guide hills sleeps Baptiste, son of Bird Womdays apart; ford creeks with quicksand and interpreter disappeared. With that an.

GLORY IS OF THE SPIRIT

{Continued from page 761) Clayton; but Clayton died. had—just had been unthe story of the crossing and the victory JLhis hour of the evening had One of many. His fall

that followed. The twins listened once been the high spot of their day. named and unmarked. There was a

breathlessly. Before the fire, telling stories to children, picture, too, of Lois, Bob's wife, re-

"Is Daddy a general?"Billy asked. talking over the morrow's work toceiving the medal. It and its presentathat gether, the they was way dear.""No, in had tion to fill help a small would way

to with planned be alone Fran it. For a pusher?"Betty demanded. "Is he It left going. the void be by his would

"I think he might be called one."the farm and the children had had no a story to tell Bobby. Something to hold

"I'm going to be a general when I part in their dreams. Neither had this to when memory would not be denied.

grow up."numbing aloneness, this unreal waiting Crushing the paper in her hand, she

"I'm not. I am going to be a pusher."that would never end. Desperately she threw it in the fire. Rising, she went to

Billy was through with that story. His looked about for something to break the the window. It was a good night to be

agile mind went quickly to another. treadmill of her thoughts. The newsinside. Over the radio a baritone was

Fran told them the story of the first paper lay on the radio where she had singing "Silent Night."

Christmas, but she told it badly. She flung it. She looked again at the picwas listening for the telephone. Mr. ture monopolizing the front page. Bob Why the mockery of Christmas?

Haddon, the real estate agent, was Dunn in flying togs. He had left before Where in all the world tonight was

calling about the farm. She wanted the Clay. There hadn't been that look in there a hint of Christmas spirit? Long

twins to be in bed by then. She didn't his eyes then. Bob had never been seriago a mother had watched her son die

want to answer their questions tonight. ous. Over the picture was the caption, to bring peace to a troubled world.

Not that it mattered particularly. "Hero Given Posthumous DecoraNow, mothers'sons were dying the

Chirstmas eve was no different from tion."world over for the same thing. After

any other evening. Bob had died in the same battle as two thousand years the world was still

786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Glory Is of the Spirit in chaos. Of what use then was their

sacrifice? "What do you see?"Billy crowded

between her and the window.

"Emptiness. Just emptiness."

"I can't see any."He raised his face

and she saw the trouble in his eyes.

"Mommie, why can't Daddy come home for Christmas?"

"Daddy is too far away."She pushed

the words over the thickness in her throat. Sometime soon she must tell

them. "When I am a general, I am going to have Kings-X for Christmas so all the daddies can go home."

"I am going to be a pusher."Betty

had brought their pajamas so they could undress by the fire. "You can t

get home 'less I push."

"I am going to be a general,"Billy screamed. "I am going to be a pusher."Betty's

voice, like her father's, was always unruffled. "Shall we hang the stockings?"Fran

asked quickly. This would go on all

night.

Immediately they forgot their differences in the joy of hanging their stockings, and later, having said their prayers, the children went to bed.

XT ROM out on the road came the jingling of sleigh bells. They stopped

before the gate and happy, youthful voices singing "The First Noel"set her heartstrings aquiver. Stubbornly

she refused to acknowledge the courtesy.

The caroling ceased. The sound of

bells receded, then stopped at Nels.'

Again the sound went on and was lost in the distance. Curious, she went to

the window. The light was still shining.

Stubborn old coot. Still clinging tosymbols. She jerked the blind down. VIRGIN WOOL

Grandfather Downing had brought

Old Nels Olsen and his wife from the New wool regulations permit us a limold country. Only he had been young

Nels then. The first year he had met ited civilian production of blankets. We

with an accident. For a long time he

had hovered between life and death, yet chose to loom only the beautiful VOGUE, he had outlived his wife and son, and a blanket in which we have put all our

Grandfather and Father Downing. He 5was in his late eighties yet lived alone WOOL O THE WEST peacetime skills.

in the tworoomed cottage the Downings had built for him on a corner of When you see the VOGUE...we know

their land. you will agree with our policy of ''not

While a ward of the family, he made but one concession to their desire to how much but how good".

help. At Christmas time he would acfact, Incept gifts. quite he was autoSee the VOGUE in these harcratic his receiving. about ChristEvery

mas Eve he put his lamp in the window, j. monizing colors: DUSTY ROSE,

until there it stayedand every Downing gift laid his feet. P PEACH, BLUE and GREEN.had at his or her

Someone was telling of Bob Dunn over the air. His townspeople were

of hismaking glory. much And rightly PORTLAND WOOLEN MILLS just died.so. Clayton had

"Darling,"her anguished heart cried. PORTLAND, 01ECOH

"It is so unfair to you. You deserved

so much."( Concluded on page 788 DECEMBER, 1943 787 GLORY IS OF THE SPIRIT (Concluded from page 787) went to the window again and raised burned with startling intensity. His

Into the stillness of. the room the the blind. The soft darkness of the shoulders under the shawl shook with

telephone shrilled. At last this bridge room made the world outside more anger.would be burned. vivid by contrast. Against her will she "So, it is jealousy—not grief."

"Mrs. Downing? Haddon speaking. looked across the field. Still burning! Fran's anger matched his. She drew

I would have called sooner but got tied Abruptly Fran went to a closet for her coat about her and jerked open the up. You have decided, have you? I her wraps. Everyone conspired to keep door. Quickly, unheedingly, she stepped

think I told you I want the place for a her remembering. Even Old Nels. She onto the icy path. Her feet went from

Christmas present for my son. He wants must find something for him. Perhaps under her and she sat down—hard. For

to try his hand at farming. I'll run out then she could sleep. an instant she just sat, too stunned andand give you a check to—Hanging on a high hook was a sweatnumb to move. Then feeling came into

"No. No, don't,"she cried, panic er. A warm, warm sweater of wool. one hand and her thighs with the sting

rising unaccountably in her. "I'll disClayton had hung it there himself. Nels of a thousand needles. It was hard to

cuss it with you tomorrow."She hung had always liked it. rise. She tried to laugh, but the sound

up in sudden distaste. Try his hand at At its touch a pain that was the eswas a hollow croak. She reached the

farming! sence of all the misery in the world went gate and leaned against it for support.

She turned off the lights and filled through her. She held it against her

stockings by the flicker from the firecheek, but none of its warmth crept into JTi. FEW straggling clouds

shivering. flesh. her She began west. theplace. Surover her from went coming up warmth Hastily, were A rush of

for her coat. then, she reached blue. the the deeplyin thankfulness to for doing rounding them sky was Donna

shopping. To have failed the twins A light, below the clouds, was moving

would have been tragic. Children A,LT his door she stopped to swiftly from west to east. Head upneeded symbols. Old men didn't. get her breath before knocking. The tilted, she watched, forgetting her achEvery move was an agony of rememwind lifted her skirt and numbed her ing limbs, the keen bite of the cold. Hope

brance. As she rehung the stockings, legs above her overshoes. At his faint fluttered to sudden life.

she shivered with cold. The tempera- "Come in,"she turned the knob. Creak- "It's coming this way. It's coming

itture must have dropped. Restlessly she ing frost the way. with Could door back. She this swung

she be—possible—grasped a cold it quickly. slipped closed both hands through and With

The room was only faintly warm and picket of the gate.

was lighted only by the lamp in the The light swept nearer, dropping

THE ADVERTISERS window. The old man was sitting in a lower and lower. It was going to stop.

low rocker before his small cookstove. It was. There had been a mistake, A

and Where You Will Find His feet rested on the oven door. A ghastly, horrible mistake. He had come

Their Messages wool shawl covered his wide shoulders back.

and was held in place by one largeAbove her the light seemed to poise.

AllisChalmers Mfg. Co 792 knuckled, emaciated hand. Old Nels Her hands tightened and she heard the

Beneficial Life Insurance Comhad been an enormous man in his day. picket snap. As though the sound were

Cover Back pany slowly. rose signal, flesh plane gone, the She the bones were a The was

Bros. 774 Mfg. Bonham Company it it, spirit to bring to trying aloud, his hold stooped, cried unconquered. but was Bookcraft Company

it did. on. his But not face her. go to slowly It could back. head He turned 741, 744, 772, 799 784, 790,

Borden Company 771 "You are up late, Uncle Nels."Soon she could see it no more.

Brigham Young University 784 The old man rose and hobbled to the "Clay! Clay! Come back."

Continental Oil Company 795 window. Fetching the lamp he placed The white silent night gave back no

Daynes Music Co 793 it on the table. That done, he returned answer. It waited, expectant. Then

Deseret Book Company—738 to his chair. that something within her grew bigger

.790 Press Deseret News laid the sweater Fran and stronger until it burst, and she on the table. Foods Durkee Famous

fingers clung she wept. 743 Her to it. Suddenly 748 FelsNaptha Company Soap

General Insurance Company of wanted to talk. To make him see that Cold, creeping through her veins,

America 796 life had changed. brought selfcontrol. She felt better.

Glade Candy Company 746 "Why did you wait?"she demanded. There was an answer here if she could

Globe Grain & Milling Company..791 "You know Clayton is gone. Why go find it. Her glance fastened on anHall's Canker Remedy.- 775 through the motions of Christmas when other star more vivid than the others.

Utah is Bethlethe 742 there remembered Christmas?"no Mary Had Powder & Rennet HotelJunket—Rennet crucifixion? night of the "It the Star is a good sweater. T'ank you,"he hem

Tablets 793 L.D.S. Business College 739 said placidly. Or had she resented the ignominy of

Loma Linda Food Products 789 "Did you hear me?"She beat her his being hung between thieves!

M.C.P. Orange Marmalade 785 fists on the table. "Christmas is gone. "What am I thinking?"she cried

Maid O'Barley 773 Clayton is gone. He was young and aloud, and the words were her answer. Morning Milk—772 strong—She came out of her nightmare, and

Fuel Supply Mountain Company heart. in Nels her Perhaps shoulders atpeace old a piteous was The made

.. Inside Front Cover right. straightening. at tempt been had She remembered

...787 Mills....- Portland Woolen all conflicts, all in ages, In there were Nels than ClayOld been younger had Biscuit 739 Purity Company

Royal Baking Company 771 ton when he had been reduced to this those who had gone as Clayton had

Safeway Stores, Inc. husk of a man. Then her voice rose in gone, shattered and broken where no Inside Back Cover argument. "It was all wrong. He man could mark the spot—where no

Salt Lake Tribune 797 shouldn't have gone."wife could lay a wreath. Yet, though

Sego Milk Company 745 "Duty is never wrong."they died unnamed and unsung, they

Standard Brands of California 773 "But he had his family."were no less immortal than the heroes.

....775 Stokermatic Company its of the of the earth pushers Because "So much the better. You are not 773 Garden Company Tea

is perish. of never Glory freedom would Pacific 746 alone."Stages Union Utah Engraving Company..739 "It was so—so useless, Uncle Nels. the spirit, not of achievement. She threw Utah Oil Refining Company 744 To—to just die when he—oh, look what back her head and laughed aloud. She

Utah Poultry Producers'CooperBob Dunn did. He left something by must hurry home. She must make ready

ative Association 794 his going."There, it was out. She for the party and find presents for the

Zoom - 794 breathed with relief. family. She must tell the twins the

The points of fire that were his eyes story of their father.

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

A SNOWBOUND CHRISTMAS DINNER The HOT DRINK (Concluded from page 763) down to the kitchen and get a piece of rush her packing so did not eat lunch, bread and butter and then rummage for all the family and now it is well over forty hours since around and find a raw onion. Then

she has eaten and I must have someback to my room I would go to thorthing for her."oughly enjoy myself."

Father looked at the food and then Me? I got the bologna one and really

at Charley and said, "What about havimagined I was back home enjoying a ing a community dinner and inviting turkey wing, my favorite part of the everyone in the car to it?"holiday bird. That was a jolly party

"Fine idea,"voiced Charley who conand finally Father said, "And for destinued, as he spoke to me, "While this sert we have neither mince pie, pumpkin young man brings his sister, you go pie, nor plum pudding, but we do have wake up our singing cowboy friend and some ginger snaps, so eat them and iminvite him to dinner."agine you are eating your favorite des- I went and shook him, then told him sert."I did and believe it or not—no

tasted ever pie made Mother eyes mince dinner.to With bleary come to betROASTED SOY BEANS it really for snap, ginger that ter than "I'm billed athe looked me and shouted,

to me. pie taste like mince he did Then Creek.for Rifle Whoopee."CEREALS FIGS* HONEY our basket over, the meal was and When into an easy positionslipped back

was dead to the world. was as empty as Old Mother Hubbard's

Evidently the young man was having cupboard. All that remained on one of

some trouble getting his sister to come, the lids was onehalf of an onion and but finally reluctantly she came down some salt in the shaker. But we were Gaining favor through its

arrived theythe aisle, when and humiliation imaginesaid, you my "Can she happy.We talked and joked for a short flavor for 10 years\ Good

in having to beg for something to eat?"time and then there was a jar from the for you and GOOD,\f\T\) too

"Can you imagine our humiliation at rear of the train. Then from an engine

inviting company to dinner and having up in front faintly came four or five long nothing more to offer them than we blasts of the whistle which were anhave?"asked Charley. swered by two short blasts from an

She sat down next to him while Faengine in the rear. Then there was a

ther finished slicing the bread and lot of puffing and spinning of drive onions and Charley finished spreading wheels, but finally the sand on the rails the butter. While they were doing this, furnished traction and we slowly moved

she said, "About fifteen minutes ago I ahead.

offered up a silent prayer to God, asking Not long after, the brakeman stuck him to send me something to eat, for I his head in and shouted the name of was famished and almost desperate. It some station I could not catch and said,

seemed useless, but look at the food he "Twenty minutes for dinner."

sent me.""Hear that, Sis?"excitedly asked the

"Are you Christians?"Father quietly young man.

asked the young man. "Sure, but who wants any more din-

"Yes. Methodists."ner/

"We, too, are Christians. Mor- "No. This is where we get off. We're

mons,"replied Father and continued, home,"said the young man as he arose "Brother McBride, if we were home and shook Father's hand, thanking him neither of us would think of sitting down most sincerely. My hand he shook and

to a meal without thanking the Lord for then Charley's. The young lady stood

his goodness to us and asking him to up and shook Father's hand and as she bless the food. Will you return thanks?"did, great tears began to form in her

Never before nor since have I heard eyes which soon began streaming down cheeks. voice trembled just to be her Her when seemed prayer.such a He tH<z6&i& e ruskets tUc

she to another spoke. She shook and %We talking one to my hand man God like

and then when she took Charley's she choked up "Especially do we thank Thee for the and could not utter one word. Again he LOMAArlington/LINDACaliforniaFOOD CO.

food we are about to partake of. Bless was master of the occasion for he said,

it to our use and bless the strangers who "Too bad we could not have eaten the are with us that they may accept our other half of that onion and then it humble fare with the same spirit in would not have caused those tears to which it is given. Amen."come in your eyes."

We all echoed "Amen"and then She straightened up, swallowed hard there was a long silence. Possibly the and bit her lip to get hold of herself, and Wherever They Go...

others were like me—thinking of that although the tears continued to run

wonderful prayer. It was Charley who down her cheeks, there was no tremble "A few days ago I received a

said, in voice her "They are when she the silence.broke

very pleasant surprise in the mail thanksgiving. gratitude tears of and "Besides our regular turkey dinner

is certain the 'Era'. I'm not to for providgentlemen Gratitude who you sandwich, cheese one andwe have—one

enjoyable the ing meal I most guest me with being the sandwich, andbologna this for responsible from message eaten. of thanksgiving Tears everof honor, lady, you may choose the one have

for hearing answering and my home, but I would like to thank to God wish."you "If it's all the same—"she hesitated. prayer."them."

"Sure. Go right ahead."The drunken cowboy in the end of S/Sgt. Milton J. Jones,

"Then I'll take an onion sandwich the car began to sing. What a difference Scott Field, III.

for I have a failing for that kind. Often between him and this young lady and

up at the boardinghouse when I had her brother, all living in the same world, been studying quite late I would sneak or were they?

DECEMBER, 1943 789

Scriptural Crossword PuzzleThe Parable of the Good Shepherd* * * * * * "I am come that they might have life, and that thev might have it more abundantly."

—John 10:10.

We're in the War, Too!

While, at the present time, a good part of our facilities are devoted to the production of printed forms necessary in the war effort, nevertheless we are attempting to meet, also, the requirements of the home front.

But, regardless of conditions, you will find no substitute for the modern printing service which our organization affords.

The employees of THE DESERET NEWS PUBLISHING CO.

considerably oversub- scribed their quota in the Third War Loan HORIZONTAL Drive. 1 "... have power to lay it down"John 10:18 26 "But he that entereth in by the door is the... of

2 "I... come that they might have life"John 10:10 the sheep"John 10:2

3 "for they know not... voice of strangers"John 28... John

10:5 continent 29 Western FOR BETTER PRINTING

5 "even 30 the Christ, the Son of the living God"... know I the Father"John 10:15 "Thou...

Matt 16:16 "because he... an hireling"John 10:13 CALL ON 7

32 Tellurium 8 South American monkey

... true heaven"from the bread you Father 33 "my... I 9 lay "but of 10:18 myself"down John

6:32 John. I thing shall that do, "what have I may

... 10:16 shall voice"36 John "they my eternal life".. Matt. 19:16 Vjews f-tress 10 Uhe ejjeseret

I 7:12 Benjamite Chron. 38."A.. 11 fold, one "one and 10:16 John

.. 10:17 Father doth 39 "Therefore John. me"my 14 Testament Old Street, 29 Richards

-11.. 10:3 calleth John name"sheep he by "and. own Christian 15 Association Women's

Salt Lake City 16 Father 43 "because I lay down my..."John 10:17

17 Dialect of Eastern Assam 46 I am (cont.

18 "To him.., porter openeth"John 10:3 47 Smoothed

Froths 20 "there is none... but one, that is, God"Matt. 50

19:17 52 "... they know his voice"John 10:4****** 22 and 51 down ".. man taketh it from..."John 53 "and... wolf catcheth them"John 10:12

10:18 54 "and the... follow him"John 10:4

kingdom of Jesus of heaven"Matt. 5:3 A saying

53 is combined1, 2, 3, 10, 11, 18, 20, 26, 33, 41. 43, 52.XMAS SUGGESTIONS 2523 "Blessed are the poor in spirit: for... is the and 54 Grain

stirring tales VERTICAL 3 of the old west 28 "...th the wolf coming"John 10:12

"... 2..., and weep"Mark 5:39 the Father knoweth me"John 10:15 30 ye this make "Why

( Scot. fy BRILEY 3 Toe 10:16 31 "... also bring"John I must

for 4 hippopotamus Short 32 "The THE GAY SAINT kill, 5 a. and.. to. comethdestroy"not,Johnbut 10:10for to steal, and to.. will they not follow"John 10:5 "And

smile Broad..."John 10:12 33

34 of chapter in Matthew beginning "Take Number /F0RTHISMYG10RV, 67 The"whosesameown( L.the sheep are

rSAM BRANNAN 8 Rough nap heed that ye do not your alms before men"and (Scandinavian German poetical... king 35 9 Namely

mythology).. 10:4. before 10 them"John "he

7:12 Benjamite I Chron. 37 Another

11 South Carolina 29:1625 first wife Gen. 39 Jacob's

of Ishmael grandson of 12 and Son for objects holding Abraham I Chron, 40 Device 1:30

hill is that hid"cannot be 42 on an "A city... the of 10:7 sheep"13 "I the John... am THE BOOKCRAFT CO 5:14 Matt.

. 63, Salt City. O. P 15 not things what they Box Lake "understood Utah

.. in, saved"be he shall.. which he 44. any man enter "by me 10:6 spake"John the Please checked books above 10:9 John Send 18 Trial sendCOD,

Officers Field 45 or $ check 19 Highness Imperial order His enclosed. money

(L.) page 48 Lefthand

..."21 that NAME 18:28 thou Matt. "Pay me

ADDRESS 24 Country in Europe 49 Deadhead 27 Hurrah 51 See 22 across 790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Christ, Christmas, and Santa Claus ( Continued from page 756 He was originally depicted in a long robe of bright red, trimmed with gold braid, with a bishop's pointed headdress, wearing sandals and carrying a staff.

When his fame spread to western Europe, the tradition was expanded, and he acquired a donkey and later a white horse on which to ride. Then, in keeping

with the custom of gentlemen in medieval Spain, a black slave boy was added to the tradition as an attendant who carried the gifts in a sack which never became empty.

During the days when Spain ruled the Spanish Netherlands {Belgium and Tru/t tt frostfttq

Holland) St. Nicholas was adopted as LAYER CAKE

the patron saint of children. Legend

soon had him make an annual visit from Your family will surely cheer this luscious fruity cake with gleaming white

Spain to the Netherlands, where he rode frosting! And you'll be guaranteed perfect results or your money back for

.. all ingredients. the See guarantee unconditional below amazing. and streets, the through followed Black by

try flour kitchen. Its speak this famous will in A-l quality your own slave, Pete, his evening of on the Deitself! for

cember 5. Children, upon retiring, left

sifted cups Flour Globe "At"2% their in carrots shoes hay and wooden FILLING (or teaspoons powder baking 3% gifts left his for eat horse to cranberries while he cups ground 3 acting) double teaspoons 2V4 1 raisins ground salt teaspoon distinctly a for them. coming was % light cup corn syrup shortening cup Vi 1% cup tablespoon grated orange children's rind exwere sugar tup Vi Histreat—grownups cranberries, Combine corn and It his beneficences. the cluded from light 1 was corn syrup cup

in syrup saucepan. until a thickCookraisins,

1 cup milk children time the acquired toys when about ten minutes. rind. ReAdd

1 teaspoon vanilla chill heat; from thoroughly. ened,move entertained to them and keep games teaspoon extract V2 almond filling Spread of layers. 3 between

during the winter days when they were 3 egg whiles, stiffly beaten Frost top and sides with the following sugarless frosting. with top Garnish to indoors. forced play flour Sift once, measure; baking add swirls filling. of remaining cranberry

salt; sift three times. and powder Cream the Reformation Protestant When

shortening. sugar gradually, keepAdd FROSTING the the Netherlands, people swept light. ing mixture corn syrup; beat Add Combine cup light corn syrup V\ and 2 churches, Catholic the well. smashstormed dry ingredients alternately Add egg whites. over Beat water 4

flavoring, with milk and well beat'ng minutes, thick. or until ing teastatues glass stained and windows 34 boilingAdd

after last only. addition vanilla. Carefully spoon fold plastering the destroying or overand stiff whites, in egg beaten dry. not but

mural paintings, which they viewed as Bake in 3 greased, lined 8 in. layer

in pans moderate (350 oven F) for idolatrous. In to destroy their endeavor NtW thirty about minutes. cold, spread When HANDY signs of further the outward Roman the filling layers. between

Catholicism, they abolished the observ- - POURINGSPOUT ance of days commemorative of the saints and symbols reminiscent of them.

St. Nicholas, however, was so much a GUARANTEED

allpart of childhood alone of joy that he the saints remain, to and was allowed A"! rBFOR EVERYTHING1VERT"Use YOUEnrichedBAKEGlobe **

in the traditions continued to wear the regalia of the ancient bishop and make bounded to,ou.his annual mysterious visits. SSuKu

rTl'HE settlement of New Amsterdam **t * and the Hudson valley by the

Dutch early in the seventeenth century, resulted in the importation of Saint 0<

Nicholas into the American colonies. By

the time the British took over the Dutch colonies and New Amsterdam was rechristened New York, the annual visitsof the generous saint had become so GLOBE FLOUR endeared to the hearts of the settlers ENRICHED WITH TWO B VITAMINS AND IRON that no amount of British opposition could halt his activities. England was

at war with Catholic Spain and anything reminiscent of either that was

Catholicism to DELICIOUS, NUTRITIOUS or Spain was distasteful the British mind. Apparently under the WARTIME MEALSstress of this tense religious and political feeling, the tradition of St. Nicholas with tempting Globe "Al"Panand his activities gradually underwent cakes"straightwheat,"and Waffles.readymixedHere'sfloura

some drastic changes in the minds of that makes the tender oldfashioned the colonists in America. His homeland pancakes everybody loves. See

was changed from Spain to the North the recipes on the package.

Pole. A horse, being unsuited for the

for exchangedsnowy north, was a GLOBE "A1"PANCAKE and WAFFLE FLOUR ( Concluded on page 792

DECEMBER, 1943 791!. )

Christ, Christmas, and Santa Claus

( Concluded from page 79 1 sleigh and eight reindeer, the names of which show a combination of English,

Dutch, and German influences. His

bishop's clothing likewise underwent a transformation, with the bishop's mitre being elongated into a stocking cap, the cloak shortened into a coat, stripped of its gold braid, and ermine substituted for it. A pair of trousers was the esIn the early days of the war sential complement of the coat. Boots

when Allied supply lines were still uncertain.. were substituted for the sandals, and a

a stirring pledge came back from the fighting wide black belt, so common on the forces: "Give us the tools andwe willfinish thejob."theclothingcoat tightlyof gentlemenabout him.of theTheday,Moorishdrew

Food and equipment from American farms garbedslave wassaintdiscarded,was able andto continuethe newlyhis and factories are now flowing steadily to every visits unmolested.

front. But to continue winning battles, camadditional changes made. were Two

his dignified paigns... and eventually the war... the boys makFirst, formality the of

ing good their pledge must have more, more Dutch name, "Sint Nicolaas,"was and still MORE of everything. If there must corrupted in the speech of children and

be shortages anywhere, let them be here at home parents alike into the more easily syl-—never in the battle lines. oflabicatedthe "r,""Sinterwhich Klaas."became Thecustomarydroppingon

the Atlantic seaboard, soon led to "SinThe gigantic task of stocking supply lines ta Klaas,"which was anglicized into has brought twofold responsibility to us at Allis- "Santa Claus."Second, to get away

its imChalmers. We have built—and will continue to from the Calendar of Saints and

build—every single farm tractor, harvester, implications,with the gifthis giftgivingof the Christchild,was identifiedand

plement and repair part permitted by our allothis visit was timed for the eve of the ments. In addition to producing standard war traditional birthday of Christ.

materials, we have developed special new war Thus, in America, Saint Nicholas was machines and are building them in volume. Our transformed from the Catholic bishop of

monthly war production alone multiplies by sevlegend into the jolly, fat Santa Claus we know today, and superimposed on eral times our highest peacetime record. This we the Christmas observance. His popularsay not in a boastful way but as our pledge to the ity was so great among both children

boys who must have both food and bullets to win. and adults that returning colonial officials carried news of the reconstructed

Our war leaders tell us that 1944 must be saint back to England. Soon he was

his there to England, exported and from this country's greatest food production year of all empire, the throughout fame spread time. That can be accomplished only where he is now popularly known as

by bringing every usable farm ma- "Father Christmas."

chine into top working condition. Such, after nearly two centuries, is

Your AllisChalmers dealer is prethe strange accompaniment of the pared to help you now! See him Christmas celebration. The trappings

right away.... Let's finish the job which time and occasion and many peoples have added have sometimes seemed

far removed from the original advent, but without exception they have sought ALUSTRACTOR DIVISIONCHALMERS MILWAUKEE U.S.A. to promote the spirit of rejoicing, of

harmony and good will which is the esAFTER THE WAR,. sence of Christmas. There is little logic

When the last enemy lays and much of fabrication in the celebradown his arms in uncondition as we know it, but there is abiding tional surrender, we will be truth in the essential and meaningful obready for our regular peaceservance that remains at the heart of it.

time assignment—buildSanta Claus may seem to have overing the best and latest shadowed Christ in the popular mind,

in farm equipment. but to those who listen, penetrating the

obscurity of myth and legend, tradition and social custom, the message of the angels sounds above the folk carols; to

those who see, the star of Bethlehem shines brighter than tinsel or pagan candle; and to those who feel, the greatest of all gifts is still the gift of the Son

whom the Father sent, not to condemn the world, but to redeem it.

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BORDER INCIDENT (Continued from page 753) main helpless. May we do what the

leaf that said "Oldenzaal to Bentheim"Lord directs, that we may have his for in and specialize churches music promise! We the next punchedand schools.MUSIC carried stocks are Large one—passed!occurrence to next unpredicted The choirs, solos, instrumental and bandsfor vocaland

is limited curtailment There but in the publishingrelieve us was a waiting train in SalzINSIDE HOLLAND orchestras.by the government

train. to our over meet requirements your reasonably can and be Kest Robert John Bybergen—held of music

filled or promptly supplied. orders Mail transferred to Osnabrueck, On write for catalogues special and in the air tension that was in p.m. Victor, 9:30and carry due also by DeadHamburg Columbia lists.and other alWe 1939. of again, There26th August, day For records. well knownline redcolored the announced on

of the the of manufacture pianos people While a year Holland most band andFlugblaetter 10:00. everyone But was 18 discontinued instruments ago months was the clung desperately to of had message to -war conditions, government, due by going somewhere.seemed to be Mainlimited of of this stocks class have delivered Neville we thestill Chamberlain, hope byliners, flatcars, freights, cars loaded invite to furfor write merchandise you and at the the of conclusion when, Munich information. ther cars truckswith horses, with tanks and

and armored cars and men, were all conference of October, 1938, he had anringing nounced, his voice with deep CD. DAYNESgoing train eastward. our was late So MUSICpatronage solicit your We sincerity, "Peace been preserved."into Hamburg. St. City So. Main Salt Lake All believed be47 him him—-believedhas I einen geben!"muss dock Lug "Es

argued with one of the station attendcause they wanted to so badly. "He

ants; but there wasn't any train going (Neville Chamberlain) has preserved

north, or anywhere else for us, he inthe peace!"became a motto of hope to

Tablecloths, of Holland. peoplesisted. to of noththe do? knew What We dish napkins, towels, handkerchiefs, it. then could about do Anding wesomeone heard of a train leaving Hamcopper figures, chinaware—souvenirs

burgAltoona for points north, due out with this motto inscribed were everyobtainable. where 1:30 a.m. to Altoona;about We rushed On this blustery day, the mood of tickets the brethren didn't havesome of

for Altoona, but no one bothered us the Dutch matched the somewhat about that. At Osnabrueck we had met gloomy weather. The peace had not

preserved! great been people many A group,another another from coming

that at that sensed very war MNNErCUSWRDS moment station Presidentborder where Wood it closer than had yet been. a- sent mission) Elder (of our had Norwas

man G. Seibold to intercept any coming The neat, brickpaved Laan van

that way and bring them to Denmark. Poot, an orderly avenue of pleasant

residences, the LatterDutch which on as far northward, all took the trainWe situated, mission day Saint was homeas Neumuenster. to there it went From

Kiel, and we could have bought steamer was swept clean by the early autumn These EGGLESS natural a mighty The dunes,tickets Kiel but wind. to Copenhagen from barNON-COOKED CUSTARDS city rier protecting the the treachfromlittle easier than have taken could we

the stationman's advice at Hamburg, to erous North Sea, stood firm sentinel. make a hit

Little licked the whitecaps even Dutch to a America! ticket and sailbuy away with everyone

coastline. in sudden, unblew Wind again Neumuenster At knew of no we

the gusts expected along beachheads.train, but to hoped one and come her It Small dad—may Susan—and like other early seemed any autumn glasstake us a northward. bought forWe love milk. at balk they drinking But it cool. crisp day: But someand was apiece,of milk long a and Frankwarm it deliinto these eat to made when felt different. electhat us of how Many eat, roll to withfurterwuerstchen a little

in rennetcustards. the cious Rich tric to pre- "something"seems which a supper combined hadand and Sunday

values of food protective storm. a cede milk—and breakfast. didn't objectMonday They

to our staying in the waiting room there; Within the mission home there was the rennet enzyme makes them moreso we slept a bit leaning over the tables. also tension—and activity. Elder Joseph readily digestible than milk itself.

Fielding direct Smith, soon to was who

Rennet grocers. Al- "Junket"Powder—At the missionof the evacuation morning L.D.S. of a pos-"Text we learned favorite flavors. Six sweetened.

aries* sible speaking with ready from Europe, was to go Bummelzug which was Chocolate Vanilla Lemon north about 10:30 a.m. President Franklin J. Murdock of the Orange Raspberry Maple

Intermittently mission. throughin, Dutch train came Our slow and we

out the relayed telephone had day the leave. it didn't aboard;climbed "Junket"- Not sweetened.RennetAddTabletssugar, but So

we inquired about the cause, and learned messages from various parts of the conflavortablets toin package;taste. 12eachrennettabof a fast train due any time. It was tinent. From Switzerland, Denmark, let makes 4 or 5 rennetdesserts than or more the calls came. and wait. Germany By"ausstedgen"another of pint groice cream. &* custarda At again—and

cers druggists. and ringing evening the telephone every the was climbed aboard, met It came, we early.Jktf*V*'

German Grenzpolizei for the last time, hour or so. "Yes,"Elder Smith was

heard with thankful ears a Danish saying, "all the missionaries must be /I that out imand of Germany, moved sent a telegram to CopWelbekommen, FREE! this, that mediately."message Grave lost that thepenhagen were found, and recipes we Wartime

driftelders in the office delicious for milk heard working easilychatted prospersped over as we lea desserta and office the the president's ing from on terrain, rolling dairyous counDanish a c r earn; also

side room. folder, helpful of thetry, farms, waterways—tranquil, prosopposite What "Mother, after 10:30 Sometime then.perous, Diet?"p.m., President About My

received a call from President in Murdock experience a wonderful had We.avV'rU STANDS informingall. Germany I think about Wood in more it, the more The him that Send Coupon

significant I find it. I am thankful for it, a number of missionaries were arriving

especially when I think that always in in Holland by way of Oldenzaal, a tiny "The 'Junket'Folks,"what has gone before lies a promise of village on the eastern border of HolChr. Hansen's Laboratory, Inc., Dept. 712

Falls, Little Ont.) N. Y. (In Canada, Toronto, kilometers not seven is more than be. there a land,what may Of course

Please chilrecipes free send wartime and city border from the Germancondition in confidence that which upon folder. diet of Bendren's

"something unpredictable"must be theim, A number of elders from Ger- (Just paste this coupon on postcard based; otherwise we may come another many, he said, were to arrive sometime and add your name and address.}

time to the "crucial moment"and re- (Continued on page 794)

DECEMBER, 1943 793 Border Incident (Continued from page 793)

the six elders comprising the group at Anyone the following day. As a matter of fact, 1

Bentheim crossed the border into HolCAN COOK landwere latehurriedon thebacknightto ofGermanythe 26thafterbut having emphatically been refused entry to Holland. This, President Murdock

learned as a result of a phone call received much later that same evening.

"Decause of these phone calls and the help the elders at Bentheim obviously stood in need of, Elder Smith and

President Murdock decided I was to go to Oldenzaal with sufficient funds to conduct the brethren from that point to the mission home. It was assumed, of

course, that we would have no trouble transporting the elders across the border as we thought they had been refused entry because of lack of funds and not having had through tickets to England in their possession. I would be able to

guarantee the government officials their

Anyone can cook it... and everyone loves passage to England, and would be carryto eat it! Because its flavor is so satisfying ing enough money to assure these same

—you just don't tire of it. Mother knows cautious officers the young men would in

it's good, substantial, and nourishing for no way be a burden to the Dutch govthe whole family, too. Anyone can cook it ernment while in Holland. It was also

—it's that simple—just stir into salted decided to send Brother Glen Hawkes

boiling water and ZOOM! you have a or Brother Taylor to another border

hearty breakfast ready to serve. town considerably further south, as

LISTEN TO: NEWS on Station KUTA, Salt Lake City, President Wood had indicated some

slight possibility existed that other Monday through Friday—8:55 A.M., 11:30 A.M. and

3:00 P.M. "DICK TRACY"on Station KUTA, Monday elders from Germany might arrive in

southern of a more Sister through Friday—4:30 P.M. Hollandroute. Sinceby wayBrother Smith and

were leaving for Copenhagen, Denmark, at the first opportunity in order to work out plans for evacuating the

Scandinavian missions, there was much to discuss; it was nearly one o'clock before we finally retired.

It was necessary to arise about 5:30

a.m. in order to catch an early train to

Oldenzaal. Over night the storm had

calmed and the sky—even at that early hour—was bright and clear. The rain

had left the streets wet and glistening.

How peaceful everything seemed! In the

public of the outdoor The Hague, START THE DAY RIGHT! center

to life. markets sweet coming were The

For school or work, you need plenty of vitamins, minerals, promelody of multivoiced chimes called teins, and other vital food elements. "MILK WHITE"EGGS are early worshipers to church. A city was

rousing itself, coming to life. I pinched

packed with energy that will carry you through the day. myself. How could war be so near?

Surely the threat of war was but an

Look for the wellknown "MILK WHITE"carton at your favorite ugly dream from which we would all grocery store. presently awaken. Riding my bicycle

over the clean Dutch cobblestones that

Utah Pdultry Producers beautifulself to believemorning,thatI couldthe eldersnot bringin Benmy-

Cddperative Assdciatidn theim had been refused entry into Hol- "Milk White"Eggs and Poultry.... "Norbest"Turkeys landfrom andus. were even now expecting help

Arriving at the station there was cause for wonder at the quiet of the usually cheery bicycle attendant, who

Wherever They Ga... gave me my parking check without his

usual Mijneer.""Goedenmorgen, faith of the appreciate not are faith ourselves means what his but we "We

OldenQuickly I boarded the train for.. 'Era'is of malaria. from quite recovering boy. a siege came to our An. He

to him in the hospital and was read by many other patients too."zaal.

Mrs. T. Weaver. Mr. and consisted xThis group

Provo, UtahJ. liam Larsen, Thayne, Clayton of EldersW. Haws,Rayo FrankParker,Knutti,Wiland Ellis T. Rasmussen.

794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BORDER INCIDENT '"Phe borderdecisionhad beento madego toin thesuchDutchhaste

The train sped by green and wellreturned to Germany: something must by Elder Smith and President Murdock

kept fields. Black and white Holsteins be very wrong indeed. that there had naturally not been time

visa, obtain to have a which would in pasture. lush grazing Everywere call to in order Attempting Bentheim legally enter to enabled Germany. me fields flax see could onewhere and to learn the elders of the whereabouts fact, at In thought such the one time no there, espetruck here gardens, and and little after of three value proved and necessary. an For a be would movecially the border, as neared German we I hopeless. hours as the job up gave I the Hague, Amerihour phoned The grain ripening for the harvestpatches of connections Telephone with Germany askthe Consulate, can Dutch Embassy It beautiful to a come. pansoon was off. it cut been had (Afterwards was if arvisa ing not might be a somehow reflecting the indushard work,orama in that elders the found Bentheim had it all impossible. ranged. said They wastry, faith stable the of peoand Dutch call trying for to hours, been Hague The calls been pourof phone had Hundredsple. likewise success. without of care in ing to take begging them

There were innumerable delays. The I phoned President Murdock in The stranded Americans and other Europetrain trip, which could usually be made Hague along about 2:30 p.m. and told ans who were desperately attempting to

in two hours, took well over four, and him that it had not been possible to conget out of Holland, and some of whom it was after 1 1 a.m. when the train finaltact the elders, all attempts at phoning were begging help to extricate relatives

ly arrived in Oldenzaal. The station them had proved fruitless; it was imposand loved ones from Germany. It was

master there, a portly fellow whose sible to contact Bentheim by phone. impossible to handle the sudden abfantastic English phrases made me smile, The station master told me the young normal volume. Their office forces had

proved very helpful. "Yes,"he said, "a men had been almost without funds and been working sixteen to eighteen hours

number of young Amercan missionaries had nothing except cameras to declare straight; no help could possibly be given

were sent back to Geimany late last at the Dutch border. It was obvious me.

night and have not crossed back into that they had no tickets in their possesAfter thoroughly discussing the matOldenzaal since."This was upsetting sion and probably scarcely enough ter with the station master and finding

news, for we had fully expected the money adequately to take care of their that under no circumstances would they brethren to be waiting at Oldenzaal, needs. Therefore, the fact that they allow the brethren to enter Holland, it

needing only money and an assurance were obliged to return to Bentheim bebecame apparent that 1 must go into of transportation to England in order gan to assume even more serious proGermany, visa or no visa.

for the Dutch authorities to consent to portions. President Murdock had said President Murdock had given me

their passage to The Hague. Even after the elders must be helped at any cost. something over 300 guilders; it was

the phone call President Murdock had "Do your best and use your judgment thought this amount would take care of received the previous evening, we as to what should be done, Brother any eventuality which might arise. It

thought the elders had been delayed by Kest."This advice that President Murtook almost this entire amount to purOldenzaal to Copenchase tickets from itself repeating given minor border kept docksome had me

had President Denmark. Wood should be twelve mind. But done hagen,regulations.triviality—probablyAlready a good what in my

hours had elapsed since they had been at the moment? {Continued on page 796)

DECEMBER, 1943 795 I BORDER INCIDENT stuffedTakingthemtheinticketsmy pocket.from Northe tablean eye

(Continued from page 795) shone from the cold eyes of the officers. flickered. I had the strong impression

said only the night before, that many I rambled on, deliberately, on utterly that the action had been entirely unobmissionaries had been pouring into Denpointless tangents, hoping all the while served. Hurriedly I left the station, my

mark, so it was reasonable to suppose they would have great difficulty underknees weak, my palms sweating. Few

the border there would still be open. It standing me; which they did. people on the street seemed to know

seems ten tickets were purchased, for Suddenly, curtly came the question: where any American boys were staying,

it was a speculation how many brethren "Can you speak no Dutch? No Gerbut finally someone directed me to the

were stranded in Bentheim. The ten man?"Hotel Kaiserhoff. There the elders

tickets used up nearly all the funds and "No,"I replied, "I've been here a were, trying to determine what course

I hoped there would be sufficient transcomparatively short while and have not they should follow, as they were almost portation to take care of the elders'learned the languages well. A few simout of money and could no longer afford

needs. ple phrases I can understand—nothing a hotel bill.

It more."fortunate that the was Gerquiet After firm introductions and train 2:30 The sped on toward Benofficer in charge man rather spoke poor handshaking, quickly message was mytheim. althe authorities Dutch Why I English. on, talking disjointwent As delivered. tickets the to Giving Brother to train,lowed that board never me askedly, tossing in a or Dutch German Ellis in to Rasmussen, seemed be who is visa, iting for a a mystery; most was I phrase there, here effect and the I the told group, of charge quickthemirregular. Sitting tense excited and on to wished produce the of took hold men. that tickets ly might, these Holland from seats,the hard the thought reoccurred that concluded here They have must insure luck, their with passage to Cothisagain again: right "Is and the thing simple, foolish trying a was American penhagen. leave immediatemust "You Ito into speeding do?"Here was Gerto see friends for reason. some no good ly, brethren, try to connecand make visa, without a undermany circumlittle Inside the in station cubicle the all tions into as railroad Denmark,stances that promising, hardly were they questiontaken for had where me is off transportation at cut being an stillhoping the brethren might somehow ing, searched they thoroughly. me What rate!"elders alarming needed no The there. trainbe stopped; The had we the tickets they to would precious do less urging, in five than minutes and werearrived.

I in suit pocket? which had coat my little ready, with having luggage very

A moment later there was a sharp This thought was paramount. In my them.

clicking heels. of in folder possession Blackshirts a were which German was kneeling a held Quickly down, westepped quickly in their car, lessons the M.I.A. through written English which circle that our prayer Father asked and

steel, ineyes cold translating into as taking at to glance were a be Dutch we to safely our might be conducted wethe car. occupants of the each season. winter used the coming These Handing destinations. respective of seven As the finallyleader inevitable passport, thoroughly, they the quesover read demy felt all in knelt fervent us prayer, we

is cidingtion at shot harmless. they visa conme: was no were They "Why closeness unity a very and

fiscated all binder, the passport, the papers,stamped proper page?"on This

life. in truly infrequently were experiencedWe flashed startedthought suddenly going person through and on money my my faith, united with prayed and and power

in coatmind: Kest, through "Brother each and pocket both always have you granted, request believing our be would

I vest. If acting. the tickets ten ofenjoyed ever out acted took have you my for realized of nature the desperate we

I it well, table placed in the pocket parta explained and on them now!"do situation. our

inbefore theexasperatingly deliberately to me. see slow and seemed one No

coherent English that at present I was tickets. The officer in charge gave me After prayer we rushed to the station

living in Holland, had heard that some a receipt for the money, binder, papers where Elder Rasmussen and his group of my friends were in Bentheim and and all my personal effects, and said, finally managed to catch a train for knowing that railroad and train trans- "You have forty minutes to catch the Osnabruck, finally getting to Hamburg portation was being curtailed, wanted to return train to Holland. After that time and by wonderful circumstances catchvisit them while possible. Suspicion we cannot guarantee your safety."ing an express train to Copenhagen

! 19I've Settled our

FIRE INSURANCE PROBLEM...

"From now on, we're placing our fire insurance with

GENERAL of AMERICA. One of my best friends

told me about their 20% dividends to policyholders, and suggested I look into it. I found the company everything he claimed, and more. If YOU

want to be smart on your insurance, investigate

GENERAL GENERAL!"INSURANCE CO

OFAMERICA WomfrQffice Ask your GENERAL Agent—TODAY!

CAPITAL STOCK INSURANCE... AT ITS BEST!

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF AMERICA

CO. FIRST NATIONAL INSURANCE OF AMERICA GENERAL SEATTLE H. K. DENT, President... Home Office:

UtahSouthern Idaho Service Office, Pacific National Life Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BORDER INCIDENT one of the last out of Germany carrying escape and my own now certain and civilians. safe return.

A fter the brethren had left, and we Upon arrival in Oldenzaal, I informed "waved each other goodbye, I hurPresident Murdock by telephone as to ried back to the office of the Blackshirts what had been done. He told me to stay

only a few yards away, where my passin Oldenzaal that night, and if anything port and effects were being held. The unusual occurred I would then be there

station master gave me my money and to help. This I did. But the following

papers immediately, but a Blackshirt day at noon, having received word from guard stuck my passport in his wide cuff no one, I returned to The Hague.

and marched insolently before me as the The following Friday, September 1, passengers boarded the train for Holwar was declared. The night before,

land. The whistle of the train was blowElder Smith phoned from Copenhagen

ing, and I noted the clock indicated only informing us that the elders had arrived three minutes until departure time. in safety. Everyone had escaped from

What was going to happen? Finally Germany. The Lord had indeed been

the Blackshirt strutted over and with a kind.

sneer handed me my passport, muttering I know that the hand of the Lord some deprecatory remark under his guided me and made it possible to debreath. He pushed me to the ticket winliver tickets to the elders which subdow where I was obliged to buy a Gersequently enabled them to escape to

man ticket to Oldenzaal even though Denmark. Surely German officers would

my Dutch ticket assured passage to have confiscated the tickets had they

Bentheim and return. It was necessary seen them, since everything else was

. It is my sincere testimony that to run in order to catch the train—the taken.

wheels had just begun to turn. I sank the Lord does watch over his children

into the seat, grateful for the brethren's today even as in days of old.

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

(Concluded from page 769) sermon says that "Jesus was begotten in Your Salt Lake Tribune is more

Reference to the preceding and followthe flesh by the same character that was than a newspaper of newsprint ing paragraphs of the sermon makes in the Garden of Eden, and who is our and ink... more than a newspaper

clear the intention of the speaker. PresiFather in heaven."Enemies of the providing complete news coverdent Young used the words as titles. church, or stupid people, reading also age... features... columnists.

The apostate world had long taught that that Adam is "our father and our God,"Your Salt Lake Tribune is an instiAdam and Eve were the basest and have heralded far and wide that the tution throughout the area it serves most sinful of the human race. They Mormons believe that Jesus Christ was... an institution to which hunhad brought sin into the world. Presibegotten of Adam. Yet, the rational dreds of thousands of persons turn

dent Young, in contravention of this reading of the whole sermon reveals the sach year for added services. To

false teaching, pointed out that Adam, falsity of such a doctrine. It is explained this newspaper, they turn for anto swers questions, solutions many in that the the Father Garden was God degree, called of of higha son was God

problems. to many ask They questhat the of before he Eden Adam, was race. the progenitorto the of be human tions history about people, and this perthat of Father and same Adam, in with did a he harmony wasWhat sports. weather for and ask They in the Father, the sonage, was who God in reality plan.preordained was Adam information diet child on... on the before of Adam, was Eden Garden everthe noblest of mankind and would

... care... on growing gardens the Christ, of Father Son Jesus when family, his the at earth ofstand head of clothes. care on seek They himself body. took That a mortal upon patriarch, officer the presidingas and... coaching taxes income on war

is, the the Father personage same was clear the as god.even a were These... regulations community probideas of Brigham Young. Every conof Adam and of Jesus Christ. In the lems.

Brigof published sermons numerous there andtemporary were commentator, library The information and dethis that doctrine is the apYoung hamseveral, personal speaking knowlfrom of partment the Salt Tribune Lake is reassertion other. none The inpears; this President ofedge Young, made 10 to employs persons answer beChrist that peatedly Jesus was made clear. doctrinetention (See Miland questions. In an average

distinct Father, the gotten by God,lenialStat, 15:801.) 15,192 (1942), by yearthese visited persons

In the sermon referred to, President any stretch of imagination from Adam. this department for information.

Young places Adam unequivocally as a This is a wellestablished Latterday Another 117,203 telephoned or separate character, "Michael,"under Saint doctrine. wrote for aid.

the dominion of the Trinity. "The earth Absurdities of the first order may This service is a part of the Salt

was organized by three distinct chararise unless the meanings of words are Lake Tribune... an added service

acters, Elohim, Yahovah, and Michcarefully sought. And any statement which helps make this newspaper

ael."There was no substituting of in doubt should be compared with other a living institution, a part of every

Adam for the God to whom we pray. statements on the same subject by the intermountain home.

Likewise, the term "father"was consame speaker. Then the true meaning

sistently applied by Brigham Young to will be revealed.

Adam, because Adam 'was associated Again, the warning: Read the scripwith Jesus Christ in the making of the tures with care; do not become mystiearth; and also in a more literal sense, fied by words; remember that the same

because, as the first man, he was the word is often used in several ways; and

father of the race. Yet there are those defeat the evil one who is the lover of

who have nursed the irrational concluconfusion. And, there is no profit in

sion that President Young implied that dealing with those who deliberately

Adam and God, the Father, are one and and usually unscrupulously "wrests"the the same individual. scriptures. They do not love the truth.

Brigham Young's muchdiscussed—/. A. W.

DECEMBER, 1943 797.

P 9A2Tt*>& PyTsP. tysTr /lT**& v/ITt-P o/tVaP Q/?k*P pyTVvP o/?V-vP Q/jTjo QAvp PyfVp oyTVp pyTVp oyTVp oyTVvp oyTV-p oaTV 9y7V*o tZZTf-Q

t: Walt Disney Productions

IjOhats the rooro ou thinli most of

at (Christmas?

There's one word men of good can help hasten the coming will everywhere associate of that wonderful day, by with Christmas. making War Bonds our chief

That word is "Peace. Peace gift.

on earth*'.. Every Bond you buy brightens

There can be no peace this the chances of a better world

Christmas. Not one of us would than man has ever known.

want the only kind of peace How, then, could you possibly there could be, an inconclusive give a better present than Bonds, peace. Bonds,Bonds? Give them to each

But we do want the right member of the family. Give them

kind of peace as soon as posto your friends. Give them to

sible. And this Christmas we everybody.

Gme |0ar "Bonis for Christmas

This advertisement prepared under the auspices of the U. S. Treasury Department

and the War Advertising Council.

798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church Moves On {Concluded fcom page 778) Ruth May Fox Anniversary "D uth May Fox, for many years gen-

A- cral president of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association, observed her ninetieth birthday November 1 6. Innumerable friends and associates paid tribute at a reception prepared in her honor. Born in Wiltshire,

England, in 1853, she has been a devoted church worker all her life.

Dedications HT'he Helper Ward chapel of the Car-

A bon Stake was dedicated October 24 by Bishop Marvin O. Ashton.

"Patrol Ushers"C EVERAL members of the teachers'quorum of the Salt Lake City Fifth,

Twentysecond, Thirtyfourth, Waterloo, McKinley, and Bryan wards have been appointed as "Patrol Ushers"to act as guards of the pedestrian crosswalks and nearby intersections both before and immediately following church services.

This program, still in the experimental stage, is sponsored by the presiding bishopric who have recommended that each boy be released from this work after serving a period of not more than six months. NEWVITAL

Monuments of Cooperation By Olive May CookHP'here are more imposing structures, Jhe LjoApet\-J\inadom

T but few that are backed by the perseverance and cooperation that have From the writings and discourses of made possible the chapels at Carey and at Jerome, Idaho. The major part of

the work was performed, as in othercommunities, by the church members. JOHNThird PresidentTAYLORof the Church

The one at Jerome is especially noteworthy because it was built from maSelected, compiled and annotated by terial at hand, natural lava rock. Dr. G. Homer Durham

At Carey, within a very short period a community of only approximately 500 Here for the first time is the representative substance of John persons raised by donation almost Taylor's thought within the covers of a single volume.

Your men will need it for 1944 Priesthood quorum study.labor—to$23,000—$13,000completeinthecash,recreationthe resthallin

annex at a total cost of over $45,000. Your entire family should read it for its doctrinal and practical

The church matched the local contriand spiritual uplift and pathbreaking ideas.

bution.

The Carey structure is cheerful within without, classrooms and abundantly o order now: hall the recreation spacious and CD.

63, Salt BoxBDDKCRAFT THEP. O. City 1, Utah Lake place to superwonderfulmodern—alighted, THE GOSPEL KINGDOM in recreation divise so of badly need

$2.25 Taylor John per copy By 400 Pages

rection today.

Also impressive is the honor roll of Also please send the books checked below.

boys in the service, representing a large $ Check or money order enclosed, or percentage of the population of the Please send C.O.D.

.. $1.50 the In $1.25 Gospel This Net and Always Day the Inscribedcommunity. are not names

L..Richard A. Widtsoe Evans John By By

alsoonly but men, L.D.S. of young $1.50 oi Hills $1.25 the Times the Signs Unto of D

L. Fielding Richard Smith Evans By Joseph By their country's have answeredall who to $2.50 Perfection $1.25 Saint The Gay Way

district.call the from Fielding Smith Bailey Paul Joseph By By

Carey, in common with other comGospel StandardsBy Heber J. Grant $2.25 For This MyByGloryPaul Bailey $2.50

spiritmunities, cooperative the $1.85 shows Reconciliations and in Q Evidences

A. Widtsoe John By too, besides Name '. in churchother ways, and the California and Sam Brannan

$1.75 activities tangible therecreational Mormons—Address Paul Bailey By material to help awillingness and $2.25 Gospel Kingdom neigh- "2 The

bor when fire or other disaster strikes. By John Taylor

See also photos on page 766. Qo<

DECEMBER, 1943 799 Bountiful, Utah Green River, Wyoming

Editors: Dear Editors:

* article, illustrating Era, Levi the the September price subscription Edgar Young's I 'ODAY Era was returned to me of my In * in of statue Michelangelo's interest. there a photograph appeared In Brother with conference Thomas E. McKay's

marble of Moses, which I believe is in St. Peter's Cathedral report was a greeting to the church from the Danish mission. It

in Rome. meant a great deal to me because Brother Orson B. West is my

Did you carefully notice the head of this statue? If you did, second cousin. Although he and I have never met, we did

or when you do, you will plainly see that there are two small write to each other until the war. I have wondered about them.

horns on the head of Moses. But when I say small, that is You will never quite know the feeling I had when I saw his

only in a comparative way with other horns. On the head of name. May the Lord continue to bless our Improvement Eva.

Moses they could not be so considered, for they appear quite Sincerely, prominent when observed. Mrs. Blossom R. Schwab

of Moses! the head on Horns Why were they put there by -#-

greatest? this sculptor, the world's probably great

it this goes of course (and of it is understanding My back Tough Customer?

Bible's transbring being of the to the point up we frequently lated correctly): Michelangelo lived during the era of 1500; Diner: "I want to see the manager. I never saw anything

at that time Bible scholars had misunderstood that part of as tough as this steak."

Exodus, chapter 34, verse 29, and had not properly distinguished Waitress: "You will when you see the manager."

between the words karan and keren, one meaning horned and the other shone. Heartfelt

Sinai so, related, Mt. as from came Moses when down And this Bride: turn that think "Boohoo! out cake would To

Israel of after talking the people were with and God, when heart I put very into when my the of way his of afraid of appearance, dilemma because with him try time mind, honey. Bridegroom: baking it! NextBoohoo!""Never

era, instead conflicting translators the of that the before words lighthearted."you're one when

face his that the into of wist not moulding words Moses "And shone,"which was the very likely result of being in the presCentigrade?

ence of the Almighty, they placed the unlikely but more terrifying condition of "And Moses wist not that he was horned.""Here's an article that tells how paper can be used to keep a

And so what could the great Michelangelo do, after reading person warm."

that part of Exodus as the Bible was then translated, but put "I know that from experience. I'll never forget how a 30horns on the Moses he was to carve out of marble? For there day note kept me in a sweat for a month."

in the Bible he read it very plainly indeed.

Several years ago I clipped from a newspaper Ripley's Break vs. Brake

picture and explanation of the above in one of his cartoons Wife: "What a nerve this farmer has to charge us $10 for

of "Believe It or Not."I believe it to be authentic and the towing us only half a mile!"

explanation is very reasonable. Husband: "I'm making him earn it. I've got the brakes on."

Sincerely, Wendell B. Hammond Exhaustive

J. R. Dummelow, in his Commentary on the Holy Bible (MacReporter: "What is the professor's research work?"

millan, 1937, p. 84), gives the following explanation: Professor's housekeeper: "It consists principally of hunting

"The Hebrew verb rendered 'shone'in this passage (Exodus for his spectacles."

34:29) is derived from the word meaning 'horn,'which is used

figuratively to denote rays or flashes of light proceeding from Fitful Slumber a luminous object (see e.g. Hab. 3:4....) The Vulgate (Latin

version) accordingly says of Moses'face that it was cotnuta, Rastus: "What's the matter o'you, Mose? You looks so

which has led to the curious representation of Moses with horns, po'ly."

as seen in early art."Ed. Mose: "Ah is got whut de doctors call insomnia; ah keeps

waking up eve'y two or three days."

Subscriptions to Soldiers Overseas

Hereditary?

To conserve cargo space for vital war materials, the post gift (this office requires that subscriptions does new not andLittledaddy'sWillie:nose, "Mom,didn't you?"you said the baby has your eyes for entered personnel to renewals) be apply army overseas

dear.""Yes, Mother: if soldiers the requested note the magazine. Simply only have

Little you'd better watch him; he has grandWillie: "Well,

if request, the soldier that a order such has made you on your teeth pa's now."gift at subscription of following the send to him wish any a new

addresses: I. Q. A.P.O. c/o Postmaster, New York, N.Y. Lost, One

A.P.O. c/o Postmaster, San Francisco, California. Father (facetiously): "Don't you think our son gets his

A.P.O. c/o Potsmaster, Seattle, Washington. intelligence from me?"

A.P.O. c/o Postmaster, New Orleans, Louisiana. Mother (likewise): "He must. I've still got mine."

A.P.O. c/o Postmaster, Miami, Florida.

A.P.O. c/o Potmaster, Presque Isle, Maine. Boot Definitely

foot?"bothered with athlete's ever you Freshman: "Were seas—notThis postto officenavy, rulingmarineappliescorps, onlyor coastto armyguard.personnel overof the football the captain "Yes, once Sophomore: when

$. team caught me with his girl."

Dear Editors:

Recently I was moved to North Africa far from the church. Pointed Pictographs

Today (Sunday) I received The Improvement Era, and I can't express my emotions as to how welcome it was. It inLetter from son in college: "Dear Dad: Gue$$ what I need

formed me of an L.D.S. service meeting being held here, which mo$t of all! That'$ right. $end it along. Be$t wi$he$. Your

I will try to locate. $on, Knowlton."

To those who make this perfect gift possible, I wish to give Letter from Dad: "Dear KNOwlton: NOthing ever happens

my sincerest thanks. here. We kNOw you like your school. Write us aNOther

Jack Chappell, letter aNOn. NOra was asking about you. You kNOw

Medical Corps NOra; NOw I kNOw NO news. Dad."

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA And the average grocer stocks about vrft** 12items,differenttoo. flour

20 different tomato products. M*B*I Tsonre

in all theaverage grocer AU Stocks a total of about lour grocer stocks 2,500 items.. probably. cheese 8 to Question, isis. Hon do all these 2.500 items from carries

16 different kinds. get to the grocer?

SBt5.CO HUT We Safeway people havo, perfect a more efficientZ* * hard to ml

JAMCO.

This is the oldfashioned way it was done. Our idea is to get ALT n,

Frequent calls by many competing supst... and then emSt0getW

pliers. about 60 average WhIm On the different to our stores resultregarly,trucks all together.g0 out each called a grocer, on truck

bringing a part of the items he needed. You can

see thi CUtSn.,* UtaI'of costly waste motin

v ratine needless marketing costs.

Safeway s dollar. COnsumer eI frees the offered consent And *!ffiSion.

e B tr consumers. distribute p-"dw ** food efficient more dnpCs,:na or peace, to war,w.* on farmstar asset, tday 'work. oinent. naSnal a b, the straigH.cs. p.** U tre* XdAts savessaves a And

truck tires.

srtt&r have worked

met* to improve mm

I Highway or country lane, snow trail or jungle the path—all

roads of all the world are vibrant with the memory of those who have gone forth... and

the hope of their return.

What assurance have you, when you set out, that you will return to those who wait? Make sure now

that—whatever happens—they will be provided for.

H efeer J. forant. Preu Salt Ufce Crty, Utah