. '***.'-

...sgjg: '"*r 1 *\ P5- 3 wufi iHK&MWr

f. li! i: /..:". V fSCL

--i w,,.<

BiMI

it

. '"g&T"[U M -J*Bt'

Y!tw..

July 1967 VI Featuring 03113035

JJ..I Century* Progress

Here is what the

LDS

Business College

can do for YOU:

With the nation in the midst of a computer explosion, many career (i opportunities belong to qualithose LD"ALSO OFFERS YOUfied fields in the specialized of automation. LD's IBM 360 computer and THESE ADVANTAGES:

professional staff will give you the training and experience necessary to if The personal attention available become successful in this new and only at a small college growing field.

if Lowest tuition cost if Advanced standing at BYU without payment of additional fees Few careers offer the opportunity for r New luxurious girl's dormitory personal growth, career development if An LDS College ward on campus financialand gain as do the University scholarships for honor fields of if fashionmarketing and/or merchangraduates dising. LD's staff of professional

instructors can provide you the pracif Both a professional modeling and tical skills needed for success in the personal development center for shortest possible time. men and women

if All three shorthand systems: Gregg,

Hy Speed, or Machine Shorthand if A full scale computer for students use on campus Qualify for a good paying secretarial career sooner at the LDS Business if An active chapter of Lambda Delta Sigma on campusCollege. Our practical curriculum,

personal development department, if A complete selection of Institute and experienced staff assure you of courses and a full time Institute gaining the vital skills necessary for director career success. if "LD's"placement office has over

six job offers per graduate

If you're looking for one of the fastest REGISTRATION routes to an executive position, beFall Quarter begins September 19. Applications should

come an expert in the language of be in by July 20. Find out more about your Church busibusiness - accounting. The ability to ness college now. Write the Dean of Students for a free

handle the financial segment of busicatalog.

ness can be learned thoroughly and quickly under the Certified Public

Accountants at the LDS Business

College.

411 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Memo to our readers: The Voice of the Church

When it was determined that The ImJuly 1967 provement Era would use a cover and Volume 70, Number 7 an article featuring Canada during that great country's centennial year, we turned to our art director, Ralph

Reynolds, for pictures, and to a new staff member, William T. Sykes, for the Special Features

written word. The 11 beautiful color 2 Editor's Page: Men Who Hold the Priesthood, President David 0.

photographs, which feature many parts McKay of Canada (including the Alberta Tem- 4 A Century of Progress in Canada, William T. Sykes

ple), were taken by Elder Reynolds on a 10 Lest We Forget: Deseret Alphabet Manuscript Found, Albert L.

recent trip that took him from Quebec Zobell, Jr.

to Cardston. Brother Sykes spent most 12 The Era Asks About Nauvoo Restoration

of his life in that country (see article and 20 Girls'Camping in the MIA, Eleanor Knowles biographical note, page 4) and writes with all the love, warmth, and under24 The "Mormon*'Missionary, John A. Widtsoe

standing of a proud Canadian citizen. 49 A Song in the Night, Ruth C. Ikerman

A report on a fascinating new dis54 A Forgotten Reformer, Derek Dixon covery by the Church Historian's Office is reported in this issue by Era research Regular Features editor Albert L. Zobell, Jr., in the article 32 Best of Movies

"Deseret Alphabet Manuscripts Found."50 Genealogy: Major Sources in the United States

This is the first of a series of articles 58 LDS Scene on brief glimpses into our rich heritage by Brother Zobell, which will run under 60 Teaching: Teaching Is a Touching Business (Part 1), Neil J. Flinders

the general title "Lest We Forget."62, 63, 64 The Spoken Word, Richard L Evans

Brother Zobell, who 66 Melchizedek Priesthood: The Eternal Family in the Church

holds B.S. and M.S. de68 Presiding Bishopric's Page: It's Right There in the Handbook

grees in history and 70 Today's Family: A Chicken in Every Pot, Florence B. Pinnock

political science from 74 The Church Moves On the University of Utah, has been a member of 76 Buffs and Rebuffs the Era staff since 78 These Times: The American Farmer, G. Homer Durham

1940. This fall his 27th 80 End of an Era

book of inspirational thoughts will be published. He is also author of Under

the Midnight Sun, a centennial history Era of Youth of the Scandinavian missions, and 3348 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Sentinel in the East, a biography of

Thomas L. Kane. His contribution to Fiction, Poetry

Church literature in general and The

Improvement Era in particular is im26 Cousin Laurie, Patricia Middleton Faas measurable. We think you will like 65, 80 Poetry

his new series.

Editor:AlbertMarionL Zobell.D. Hanks,Jr.. ResearchEra of YouthEditor:Editor;MabelElaineJones Cannon.Gabbott. EraJay M.of YouthTodd. EditorialRichardReynolds.Associates:L. Evans.Art Director:FlorenceEditors: NormanB.DoylePinnock.L.F. Green.Price.Today'sManagingStaffFamilyArtist.Editor: Managing Editor AssociateDavidEleanor0. Knowles.McKayEditor: andRalph

Verl ContributingF. Scott. BusinessEditors.Manager: A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business Jr.,FranklinGeneralDirector:S.Manager:Harris.ThayerJr.,FlorenceHughEvans,S.Nibley,Jacobsen,S. GlennSidneySmith.AssociateB. Sperry.AdvertisingGeneralAlma Manager:Representatives.A. Gardiner, G.G.ManagerCarlosHomer andSmith,Durham.Subscription

of of Saints, of Latterday Church the Improvement Association 1967. Men's and Young Superintendent. by General

All TheSaints. rightsJesus reserved.Christ of of price. of Christ Latterday Associations Subscription Jesus $3.00 The MutualChurch Improvement

price; year, to single years. the threeyear year for $8.25: each succeeding 52.50 years. subscriptions, Mutualmultiple a a year,publishedcopy, added $5.75: inexceptadvance; 3 2 35$

issues. special Associations. Improvement Mutual Quorums, Priesthood the Official organ of

at of rate special City. mailing provided Salt for for Acceptance in section matter, Utah, secondclass Lake at 1103. Office. postage as the System, and School Church Committee, Committee, Music Teaching Home 2. July authorized October 1918. Enteredof Post1917.

Saints. Christ of Latterday of of Jesus Church other agencies The is contributions. unsolicited responsible paid are manuscripts on Manuscripts for for not but welcomes acceptance be and Improvement must

for sufficient.Era return. delivery by postage actTheaccompanied and

slip of of Thirty please include a recent issue ordering change, from address days'notice the address. magazine. Address

Era, City, State, Salt South Lake Utah 84111 The Improvement 79 a is well changeold included. forthe the unless cannot be as address changes one Whenas new madeiswequired

July 1967 about, seeking whom he may devour:

"Whom resist stedfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world."

(1 Pet. 5:1-9.)

These instructions are nineteen hundred years old, yet new today, and just as applicable now as then to the elders of this Church.

Peter said they should be "ensamples to the flock."I should just like to ask if that example

starts at home. What better place to exercise the lofty ideals of the priesthood?

The older I grow, the more grateful I am for my parents, for what they did in that old farm home. They lived the gospel. Father

used to preach it, particularly to visitors who came, more than to us boys and girls; but both

Father and Mother lived the gospel. I realize

The Editor's Page themorerealitythan ofeverthebeforeexistencethatofmyGodtestimonydates backof

By President David 0. McKay to that home when I was a child. It was

through their teachings and their examples that I received, even as a child, the absolute

Peter the chief Apostle admonished the knowledge that God is my Father, that I remembers of the priesthood: ceived then the knowledge of the reality of

"... I exhort, who am also an elder, and a the spiritual world; and I testify to you that

witness of the sufferings of Christ, and also that is a reality.

a partaker of the glory that shall be revealed: It is easy for me to accept as a divine truth

"Feed the flock of God which is among you, the fact that Christ preached to the spirits taking the oversight thereof, not by conin prison while his body lay in the tomb. It

straint, but willingly; not for filthy lucre, but is true. And it is just as easy for me to realize

of a ready mind; that one may so live that he may receive im-

"Neither as being lords over God's heritage, pressions and direct messages through the but being ensamples to the flock. Holy Ghost. The veil is thin between those

"And when the chief Shepherd shall appear, who hold the priesthood and those on the ye shall receive a crown of glory that fadeth other side of the veil.

not away. That testimony began, was borne in that

"Likewise, ye younger, submit yourselves home, because of the example of a man who unto the elder. Yea, all of you be subject one lived the priesthood and a wife who sustained

to another, and be clothed with humility: for him and lived it in the home. I do not know

God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to that Peter had that in mind, particularly, the humble. when he mentioned "being ensamples to the

"Humble yourselves therefore under the flock"(1 Pet. 5:3), but I do know that each

mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in home is a part of that flock. The influence

due time: you spread in your home will go throughout

"Casting all your care upon him; for he the ward and the stake, and then will go

careth for you. throughout the city, the state, the country,

"Be sober, be vigilant; because your adverand the world.

sary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh The most precious thing in the world is a

Improvement Era

testimony of the truth. Truth never grows senting Deity. He should feel it to such an

old, and the truth is that God is the source of extent that he would be conscious of his your priesthood and mine, that he lives, that actions and words under all conditions.

Jesus Christ stands at the head of this Church, No man who holds the Holy Priesthood that and every holds the man who priesthood, should treat his wife disrespectfully. No man

if lives he properly, soberly, industriously, holds that who priesthood should fail to ask humbly, and prayerfully, is entitled to the the blessings on his food or to kneel with his inspiration and guidance of the Holy Spirit. I wife and children and ask for God's guidance.

know that it is true! A home is transformed because a man holds

God help us to defend the truthbetter and honors the priesthood. We are not to use

than that, to live it, to exemplify it in our it dictatorially, for the Lord has said that homes. What we owe to our parents we "when we undertake to cover our sins, or to

cannot express. Are you parents going to have gratify our pride, our vain ambition, or to

that same influence on your children? Never exercise control or dominion or compulsion

set an improper example before them. You upon the souls of the children of men, in any

are men of the priesthood, and you are degree of unrighteousness, behold, the heavens leaders. Never let them hear a cross word. withdraw themselves; the Spirit of the Lord is

You should control yourself. He is a weak grieved; and when it is withdrawn, Amen to

man who flies into a passion, whether he is the priesthood or the authority of that man."

working a machine, plowing, or writing, or (D&C 121:37.) That revelation given by the

whatever he may be doing in the home. Lord to the Prophet Joseph Smith is one of the

A man who cannot control his temper is most beautiful lessons in pedagogy or psylikely not very to control his passions, and no chology and government ever given, and we matter his what pretensions in religion, it he should read over and over again in the 121st moves in daily life very close to the animal Section of the Doctrine and Covenants.

plane. Religion is supposed to lift us on a Let us realize that we are members of the

higher level. Religion appeals to the spirit in greatest fraternity, the greatest brotherhoodman, your real person, and yet how often, the brotherhood of Christin all the world,

notwithstanding our possessing a testimony and do our best each day, all day, to maintain of the truth, we yield to the carnal side of the standards of the priesthood.

our nature. Let us live honest, sincere lives. Let us

The man who quarrels in his home banishes be honest with ourselves, honest with our from his heart the spirit of religion. Any brethren, honest with our family, honest with

quarreling in the home is antagonistic to the men with whom we deal, always honest, for spirituality that Christ would have us develop eyes are upon us, and the foundation of all within us, and it is in our daily lives that character rests upon the principles of honesty these expressions have their effect. and sincerity.

is making Man great progress in science great The to keynote is: every man the Do and invention, greater perhaps than ever bewill of God. "If any will his will, man do he

fore, is but he not making comparable shall for know himself."(See John 7:17.)

progress in character and spirituality. There is an opportunity every day of our lives

You men who hold the priesthood, a man to do that will.

of the priesthood should not fly into a passion. God is guiding this Church. Be true to it.

Learn to be dignified. To hold the priesthood Be true to your families, loyal to them. Proof God by divine authority is one of the tect your children. Guide them, not arbigreatest gifts that can come to a man, and trarily, but through kind example, and so

worthiness is of first importance. The very contribute to the strength of the Church by

isessence of priesthood is greatly eternal. He exercising your priesthood in your home and

blessed who feels the responsibility of reprein your lives. q

July 1967 Century A of Progress MOL T in Canada

By William T. Sykes

William T. Sykes, Canadianborn and educated at Stirling, Alberta, and the

University of Alberta, was active in newspaper work at Lethbridge and

Calgary and in administrative social work for the Alberta provincial government. He is now an editorial associate of The Improvement Era.

LThe Dominion of Canada, a sprawling geographical of today: a time before half of the world's existing nagiant bordering the United States on the north, is tions were formed; when the pound sterling ruled the

observing its centennial this year. Boasting of—and commerce of the seas; when the great industrial age

contending with—two official languages, its twenty was beginning its march over the earth; when the

million inhabitants, through their politically elected young American republic was healing its wounds after representatives, have issued open invitations to all the the civil war between the north and the south. That

people of the world. was the year when some Americans argued that the

Members of the Church who live in Canada are United States had purchased a white elephant when taking part in the yearlong celebration. Many of it paid two cents an acre for 360,000,000 acres of ice

them are descendants of those who pioneered southern and snow—Alaska. In that year, on the first day of

Alberta and trace their Canadian history back almost July, with comparatively few looking on, the Dominion to Canada's day of confederation. Eastern Canada of Canada was quietly born.

was a fruitful missionary field during the early history Stretching nearly 5,000 miles from the Atlantic of the Church. The Lord revealed to the Prophet Ocean to the Pacific Ocean, it is the world's second

Joseph Smith that the land was a part of the choice largest country. It has the longest transcontinental

land of Zion, as described by ancient prophets, in the railroad and the longest TV network in the world. It

center of which land should be the mountain of the shares with the United States the longest undefended

Lord. border ( in 1966 there were 56 million crossings ); and

To a world living in a space age, an age in which it has the largest inland port in the world, Montreal vast sources of atomic power are being harnessed for Harbor.

peacetime purposes, a reminder of a century of time Canada has been described as a huge structure past may appear as an interruption in a hurried with only its lower floors partly occupied. Northern

schedule. The year 1867 was a far cry from man's Canada, with its long winters and enormous frozen

projected moon trips and the computerized industry wasteland, has been uninviting to all but a comparaImprovement Era (D) President Heber J. Grant and party traveled by train to Cardston waters of Lake Louise in Alberta reflect snowcovered glacier in the

for temple dedication, 1923. (E) Picturesque Anglican church is background. (G) Centuryoid buildings of stone are typical sight in

situated in lovely forest setting near Mimetaki, Ontario. (F) Placid city of Quebec on St. Lawrence River. (H) Ottawa office building.

tive few. Yet it contains rich mineral and forest this vast country is limited to a period of one hundred

areas. Huge financial institutions have explored these years. Canada's native Indian inhabitants are remareas and have poured billions of dollars into their nants of a much earlier civilization. Scattered and

development. The long arm of industry has reached fallen from a state of prosperity, enlightenment, and

into the north and is tapping the enormous oil deposits power, they were, by the year 1497, incapable of in Alberta's Athabasca tar sands. Canada's pulp paper defending themselves against foreign powers. In that

mills lead the world in the production of newsprint. year, only five years after Columbus discovered

The country also leads in the production of nickel, America, John Cabot claimed the northern lands for asbestos, uranium, and platinum. More than a billion the English crown; and in 1534, Jacques Cartier

dollars have been invested in the mining and transplanted the French flag on Quebec's Gaspe peninsula.

portation of iron ore from Labrador, where the largest Historians reveal that whereas Cortes led the Spaniards iron deposit in North America was discovered. A in a bloody conquest of Mexico in 1519, the occupahighly industrialized society has developed and manution of Canada and conquest of her native inhabitants

factures and sells more than $31,000,000,000 worth of were comparatively peaceful. However, the conflict

goods a year. between the English and French explorers and

The image of Canada as a cold and dreary land has merchants was not peaceful. The struggle for trade,

remained in the minds of many people. Some may be wealth, and power came to a head in 1759 when

surprised to learn that the southern tip of the province General James Wolfe, who lost his life in the battle, of Ontario is farther south than the CaliforniaOregon defeated the French General Montcalm on the Plains state line and that the temperature in Victoria, B.C., of Abraham, Quebec. By the treaty of Paris, Canada

averages above 50 degrees Fahrenheit. From Windsor, became British territory in 1763.

Ontario, a tourist may look north to the city of Conditions affecting the future of Britain's thirteen

Detroit. colonies to the south were becoming more and more

It would be an error to assume that the history of unfavorable. Bitter resentment against her economic

July 1967 policy with her subjects across the Atlantic had grown to such proportions that by 1775 the skirmishes and local battles around Boston had spread until the whole Atlantic seaboard was enveloped in the flame (A) New as well of war. When, in 1783, the United States won her asin downtownold buildings.-;iMtr

independence, a large number of her citizens, still Winnipeg, Manitoba iffninaif illinium loyal to the mother country, accepted an offer of free IIEIlltllllll lands in Canada. Since then they have been known illllllllllllllillllllllllllll

as the United Empire Loyalists, and more than forty iittmmtitnii:JULUIIIIIIIIIilll

thousand of them migrated to Canada to assist in the iiiinii further development and colonization of the north. Mil

The biggest single event of Canada's centennial celebration is the international exhibition called

Expo 67, in Montreal from April 28 to October 27.

With the theme "Man and His World,"the planners

r

(B) Paper mill at Dryden, Ontario.

(C) Steeple of old Cathedral at St. Marie,

Quebec.

(D) Charles Ora Card Brandley, Theodore and early pioneers A Mormon in Canada. TJBOBT

(E) Alberta government administration building at JBBBBk

Cardston.

(F) Typical farm scene on prairies (G) Canadian houses of Saskatchewan.

of Parliament at Ottawa. of this exhibit show man as creator, provider, exAs early as June 1832, Elders Joseph Young, Phineas plorer, and producer. H. Young, Elial Strong, and Eleazer Miller established

One of the highlights of Expo 67 will be the appearthe first branch of the Church in Canada at Ernesance of the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir at the town, Ontario. In December 1832, Brigham Young

Maisonneuve Theatre August 22 and 23 at 8:15 p.m. joined his brother Joseph and assisted in the organizaThis will be the third appearance in Canada of this tion of another branch at West Loughboro, Ontario.

worldfamous group. The first two Canadian appearElder Orson Pratt filled a mission there in 1833, and

ances were at Toronto November 7, 1958, and at in that same year the Prophet Joseph Smith and

Vancouver, B.C., August 14, 1962. The Montreal Sidney Rigdon visited Canada and converted a numappearance will be included in the choir's tour that ber to the Church. In 1836 Parley P. Pratt, by special

also includes Omaha, Nebraska, August 21; Attleappointment, commenced a successful mission in that

boro, Massachusetts, August 24; Chautauqua, New country. Other early missionaries were Orson Hyde,

York, August 25; Saratoga Springs, New York, with the Wilford Woodruff, Lyman E. Johnson, John E. Page,

Philadelphia Orchestra, August 2627; Detroit, Michiand William E. M'Lellen.

gan, August 28; and Tulsa, Oklahoma, August 29. After the Saints at Nauvoo migrated to the west

"The Spoken Word"will be given by Elder Richard and established themselves in the valleys around the

L. Evans of the Council of the Twelve. Richard P. Great Salt Lake, most of the Canadian Saints joined

Condie will conduct the choir, with Alexander the main body of the Church. It was not until 1889

Schreiner as organist. that missionary work was continued in Canada under

Members of the Church living in Canada stand the direction of elders laboring in the Northern States solidly on the foundation that they helped to build. Mission.

Numbering over 50,000, they have spread from a The establishment of the Church in western Canada small beginning and now may be found in large had its beginning similar to the colonization of the or small numbers across the Dominion. Statistics territory of Utah. So much persecution had been

reveal that at the time of this writing there were nine directed against the early members of the Church organized stakes and three missions serving the memthat when the Congress of the United States bers of the Church and carrying the message of the passed legislation that denied the Saints certain gospel to many others. Membership has rapidly religious freedoms, it was looked upon as renewed

increased, and members of the Church are continually persecution. As a result, scouting parties were sent

planning and building to meet the expanding growth. out to investigate the possibilities of settling in Canada

From that membership have come many men and and in Mexico, and colonies were established in women who have contributed much to the building both countries.

of the kingdom of God and the establishment of Zion. In 1886 Charles Ora Card, president of the Cache

Stake, was asked by President John Taylor to settle in Canada and prepare the land for future migrations.

President Card left his home late in the summer of

Members of the Church 1886 and started the long journey north, accompanied by Bishop Isaac Zundel and Elder James W. Henhave played significant roles dricks. The party traveled through Oregon, Washingin Canada's history. ton, and southeastern British Columbia, through some of the most rugged parts of the Rocky Mountains, to

Calgary, Alberta, then south, finally camping at the

Presidents Hugh B. Brown and N. Eldon Tanner of mouth of Lee's Creek October 24, 1886. Satisfied

the First Presidency were Canadians by adoption, and that they had found the right place, they returned

Bishop Victor L. Brown of the Presiding Bishopric to their home in Logan.

was born in Alberta. And it was to eastern Canada The following May, President Card, with two other

that some of the early missionaries were sent to search men, returned to arrange for the permanent possesout the honest in heart. Many were converted and sion of land on Lee's Creek, the present site of Cardbaptized—among them, four English people living in ston. A few days later he traveled south as far as

Canada: John Taylor, later to become the third PresiHelena, Montana, to greet the main company of those

dent of the Church, and Joseph Fielding and his two coming to Canada, including his wife, Zina Young sisters, Mary and Mercy Fielding. Mary Fielding Card, daughter of Brigham Young. On June 3 this comlater married Patriarch Hyrum Smith and was the pany, numbering 41 Saints, arrived at Lee's Creek with

mother of Joseph F. Smith, sixth President of the 9 wagons, 23 horses, 40 head of cattle, and several

Church. crates of chickens. The ten families, rainsoaked,

July 1967 Yukon )

Manitoba British Columbia 1,161 Quebec 8.302 900 Alberta

25,443 Ontario Saskatchewan 10,966 1,608

weary, fearful, yet full of faith and determination, the point of the compass passes over the settlements pitched their tents and unloaded their possessions. of Magrath, Raymond, and Stirling. However, in

Eight inches of snow fell that first night. later years these agreements were apparently forgotten

A complete ward organization was set up October 7, and the Latterday Saints extended their possessions 1888, under the direction of Elders Francis M. Lyman into Lethbridge itself, with a member of the Church

and John W. Taylor of the Council of the Twelve. eventually becoming its mayor.

New industries were established, including a cooperaAn example of some of the hardships experienced tive community store in 1888, a cheese factory in by these early pioneers concerns an incident in the 1890, and a saw and shingle mill and a FrenchBurr lives of the settlers at Stirling, as related by Andrew gristmill in 1891. Jenson, onetime assistant Church historian. He

Alberta now began to be looked upon as a country records:

of many opportunities for new settlers. In 1891, "... On May 4, 1899, Elder Theodore Brandley and

President Card and Elder John W. Taylor arranged 29 companions stepped off the narrow gauge railroad

to rent 500,000 acres of land for a period of four at the Great Falls and Canadian Railway station, then years and at the end of that time to purchase it for the only building in sight on the prairie.... The little

one dollar an acre. When the Church entered into an band of saints, filled with courage and hope, pitched

agreement with the Alberta Irrigation Company to their tents on the plains of Alberta with one aim in life:

construct a canal from the St. Mary River eastward to do the will of their Heavenly Father. On Saturday,

to bring water to new settlements, many Saints acJune 17, 1899, it began to rain. The men had all

cepted the call to assist in its construction. A number gone out to work on the canal, leaving Elder Brandley

of farm villages and towns sprang up almost overto care for the women and children who remained in night, as new immigrants arrived from the south. town. Steadily the downpour continued, and, accordAmong the first were the village of Stirling, settled ing to the government rain gauge, six inches of rain

in May 1899, and the town of Magrath, settled that fell in the space of 14 hours. For two weeks this

April. Raymond was settled in August 1901, and rrtany storm raged without ceasing. Tents would no longer

new settlers came in when construction of a beet give shelter from the rain and the people had to hold sugar factory commenced in 1902. umbrellas over their heads while they ate their scanty

From these main centers the Latterday Saint popumeals, prepared under these circumstances. They

lation spread in all directions. It is said that civic were also compelled to sleep in wet bedding, and, as a

officials of the city of Lethbridge, before the turn of last resource, cover their beds with dish pans to catch the century, insisted on certain stipulations in agreethe water as it poured through the sodden canvas.

ments with the Mormons under which the new settlers But these sturdy settlers... stuck to their task and the

were not to come within a 20mile radius of the city. outcome is a beautiful... town on the prairie...."

This claim is substantiated by the fact that with Leth- ( Andrew Jenson, Encyclopedic History of The Church bridge as center and 20 miles as a radius on the map, of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, p. 837.

8 Improvement Era Dedication of the Alberta Temple in 1923 brought even greater blessings to the Saints in Canada.

Map at far left shows provinces of Canada, with Church membership indicated for each.

Elder David 0. McKay of

the Council of the Twelve (in dark coat at right in photo) laid the cornerstone of Alberta Temple in August 1915.

Many of these early pioneers suffered much in M. Lyman and John W. Taylor of the Council of the

attempting to establish an economy in the face of Twelve, accompanied by President Card and four some of the most severe winter conditions. On those others, rode to the top of a hill to the west of the

broad, open prairies, high winds would often cause town. The four men and three women formed a

blinding blizzards, sweeping over low hills and filling circle, and during the prayer that was offered, Elder gullies with drifts up to twenty feet deep. With the Taylor prophesied that a temple would be erected

thermometer hovering around forty below zero, one on that spot.

early pioneer desperately searched for his cattle as Twentyfive years later, on July 27, 1913, President they drifted with the wind, blindly seeking shelter. Joseph F. Smith dedicated the temple site, and on

The cattle found shelter beneath a high bank along November 9, 1913, Elder Daniel Kent Greene of a dry creek bed. Hunched together for protection Glendwoodville, Alberta, turned the first sod. Elder

from the storm, they remained lost to view. Weeks David O. McKay, then a member of the Council

later they were found, half buried in snow and frozen of the Twelve, laid the cornerstone on September 19, upright in a standing position—all that remained of 1915. Under the direction of President Edward J.

the farmer's hopedfor yearly gain. Wood of the Alberta Stake, President Heber S. Allen

But this was not the complete story. Spring and of the Taylor Stake laid the capstone September 23,

summer brought hope and new vision. Time to plant 1917. On August 26, 1923, President Heber J. Grant

and time to reap. Time to overcome losses and time dedicated the Alberta Temple, the first temple outside

to profit by experiences. And always an impelling of the United States and, for many years, the only

faith in God with a determination to assist in building temple in the British Empire.

his kingdom upon the earth. Thus do great things come from humble beginnings,

Missionary work continues to be the main cause and that which at first might seem beyond the abiliof the growth of the Church in Canada. In 1919 the ties of a few humble people opens to greater things

Canadian Mission in eastern Canada was organized, when acted upon with faith in God and a desire to with Elder Nephi Jensen as president. The Western build his kingdom on the earth. And how beautiful

Canadian Mission was organized in 1941, with Elder upon the hills and the open prairies is the memory of

Walter Miller as president. The AlaskanCanadian those who came because God directed them and

Mission was organized in 1960, with Elder Milton L. blessed their efforts for good.

Weilenmann as president. Canadians are proud of their heritage and wish the

When the Saints settled in western Canada, they world to know of the choice land they occupy, with hoped a temple would be built in that land, that they its riches and vast, untapped opportunities. From

might receive the greater blessings of the gospel. They east, west, north, and south comes the message that

were encouraged in this hope by promises made soon Canada has come of age, is celebrating the event, and after the town of Cardston was settled. It was on is asking the world to join with it in this centennial

Monday morning, October 8, 1888, that Elders Francis celebration. O

July 1967 LestWe Forget

Manuscript FoundDeseret Alphabet By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Research Editor

Y

Je si oie -j set;

1+0 'i

S 0-ftSt

I \,

jr..

Improvement Era

From a storage area of the Church Historian's that supplying books in the alphabet to the schools of

Office in May 1967, a package of papers was unthe Territory would cost a million dollars. The deciwrapped and found to be manuscript copies in the sion was made to continue using books written in

Deseret Alphabet of the Bible, the Doctrine and conventional English for a while.

Covenants, Deseret Phonetic Speller, and the CateThe first part of the Sermon on the Mount in the chism by John Jaques. The papers, ready for the Deseret Alphabet appeared in the Deseret News of

printer, had lain undisturbed for so long that their February 16, 1859. Articles in that medium were

very existence had been forgotten. printed in the paper almost every week until May

The phonetic Deseret Alphabet was but one of 1860. Dissatisfaction with the type and contents of

several pioneer experiments that endeavored to make proposed schoolbooks slowed down the project. Some

life easier and better on the frontier. Church records during the 185969 decade were in-

"The Board of Regents [of the University of scribed in the Deseret Alphabet. The schoolbook

Deseret], in company with the Governor and heads Deseret First Book was printed by the Deseret News of departments have adopted a new alphabet, conin 1868, followed by Deseret Second Book. The Book

sisting of 38 characters... with the sanguine hope of Mormon from First Nephi through the Words of

of simplifying the [written] English language."Mormon and later the complete Book of Mormon

This announcement in the Deseret News of January were printed by Russell Brothers of New York in 1868 19, 1854, went on to say: for the Church.

"In the new alphabet every letter has a fixed and The wonderful dream of easier written communicaunalterable sound and every word is spelled with refertion, by pen and by print, did not materialize in ence to given sounds."practice. Some have jested that a page of the printed

The alphabet, formed by a committee of educators Deseret Alphabet could be mistaken for a Turkish tax and churchmen, is believed to have been largely the list. Others have erroneously charged that its purpose

work of George D. Watts, whose shorthand ability enwas to send secret instructions. With the completion

abled him to record many of the sermons delivered of the transcontinental railroad in 1869, reading and in pioneer Utah. Of the 38 characters from the old writing materials, as well as everything else, became

alphabet, only the letters C, D, L, O, P, S, and W were more readily available to Utah, ending her isolation.

retained, each to be assigned new sounds. Children who first learned their letters in the

Years advanced, and the people moved temporarily Deseret Alphabet, and who were later required to south with the approach of Johnston's Army. After learn them anew in English after the plan was dropped,

their return, Wilford Woodruff discussed the matter reaped a lifetime of difficulty in remembering that with President Brigham Young on November 20, 1858, many words require the addition of silent letters as and determined that the material previously compiled the words are spelled out.

was lost. The President advised that Brother WoodThe Deseret Alphabet was a phonetic attempt to

ruff contact Brother Watt and start again. That simplify the writing of the English language. It was

November 27 some printing in the Deseret Alphabet not a spoken tongue. Its purpose was to aid the Utah

was done, using type ordered from St. Louis. schoolchild, as well as his foreignborn neighbor, in

The superiority of the alphabet was agreed upon in acquiring proficiency in reading and writing the lan- a meeting on January 23, 1859, but it was also stated guage of the land. O

Albert L. Zobell, Jr., left,

Earl E. Olson, assistant Church

historian, compare manuscript in Deseret Alphabet with printed page.

July 1967 11

Sketch of Nauvoo by John Schroeder found on an 1859 map of Hancock County. At that

The Era Asks time Nauvoo was occupied by many French Icarians, GermanSwiss settlers.

NauvooRestoration

Ever since his undergraduate years as a medical student in Chicago, from where he often journeyed to Nauvoo, Dr. J. LeRoy Kimball has

nurtured hopes of restoring the once beautiful Nauvoo as a monument to the Prophet Joseph Smith and the Church. In 1954 he acquired the

house of Heber C. Kimball, his greatgrandfather, and his personal

project soon became of Churchwide interest. Under assignment from

Dr. J. LeRoy the First Presidency, Brother Kimball is now president and chairman

Kimball of the board of Nauvoo Restoration, Incorporated.

is Nauvoo restoIsaacson, and I, all of Salt Lake dition, and some have only the Q—Briefly, what

cago, Illinois; J. Willard Marriott Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball,A—Nauvooration all about?Restoration, IncorpCity; David M. Kennedy of Chioriginal foundations. The homes of

orated, is a nonprofit corporation of Washington, D.C.; and A. Edwin Wilford Woodruff, Winslow Farr,

sponsored by the Church for the Kendrew of Colonial Williamsburg, Orson Hyde, James IvinsElias acquisition, preservation, and restoVirginia. Smith, Erastus Snow, Nathaniel

ration of part of the old city of Q—How much of the old Nauvoo Ashby, Jonathan Browning, Joseph

Nauvoo, Illinois, where the Saints have you been able to acquire? B. Noble, David Yearsley, Joseph

lived before the westward migra- A—Presently we have about 90 W. Coolidge, and the Times and

tion. We hope to provide an percent of the property that the Seasons building are all in good

authentic physical environment for First Presidency determined was of condition.

renewed public interest in Nauvoo. paramount historical importance. Q—What kind of work do you enPlans also call for the development Q—Are there many structures regage in after acquisition of propof landmarks and other features of maining today that were built by erty?

is historic interest along the Mormon Latterday Saints? A—Much of our work at present

is one of the remarkable in the historical and archaeotrail and other sites of Church his- A—This

torical interest. features of Nauvoo—it is truly a logical areas. The historical reThe members of the board of great historical city. There are search is headed by Dr. T. Edgar

trustees are Harold P. Fabian, A. about 40 original homes of the Lyon, one of the Church's promiHamer Reiser, President Thorpe B. Saints; some are not in perfect connent historians.

12 Improvement Era OUT OF THE BEST BOOKS, 4.

PICTURES by Dr. B. Bruce Clark and OF THE Dr. K. Robert Thomas

FIRST PRESIDENCY $2.95 (postage paid anywhere in world) AND THE QUORUM

OF THE TWELVE.

The third volume of the series is themed to "intelligent family living."

of prose Selections masterworks from $1.25

carefully chosen poetry been have and plus 24c postage delight reader. to the inform and Text The First Presidency ik

for Society Cultural Rethe Relief for The Quorum of the Twelve 67/68. (Orders finement Course

this very popular work will be filled in the order in which they are received at Deseret Book, starting from the expected publication date of These beautiful pictures of each individual are 9x12,

September 1st. But get your order suitable for framing or display. Biographical material

in NOW!) is found on the reverse of each portrait.

SINCE CUMORAH

by Dr. Hugh Nibley $4.95

Based on his thrilling series of articles recently published in the Era, Dr.

Nibley has expanded his investigactSoRWHUGH W tion of the Dead Sea Scrolls into this outstanding book. Here is the evidence that confirms the claims of the

Book of Mormon—new evidence that

has arisen since the revelations to

Joseph Smith and bears witness to the truth of the Restored Gospel. A

must for all Latterday Saints interested in scholarly proof of the Jewish influences in the Book of Mormon.

YOU AND YOUR

CHILD'S WORLD THE BOOK OF MORMON RECORD ALBUM by Dr. Elliott Landau $2.95 The sweep and majesty of ancient American

scripture springs to life in this beautifully narDr. Landau is professor of child rated version.

at of the University psychology in U.S. Canadian postage extra Postage $1.40—$49.95 material This draws Utah. book on

if question tor details send—any first in radio his popular used KSL

program. This is a book that intro- 6.

duces parents into the sometimes baffling world of children... a book THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE ALBUM

will insight give that them stirring this scripture of are important words and The difficulties, understanding. Reading faithfully talented reverent recreated by and school studies dating, and are among narration.

discussed. the problems

in U.S. 40c extra postage - Canadian—Postage e-Q p9.7Jqc it for details question. any—send

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 or 777 South Main, Orange, California 92669

I would like to order the following books or records circled: 1 2 3 4 5 6

Total Cost $.., which includes all appropriate postage plustteseretCOMPANY Book 3V2% sales tax for Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake City, or 4% sales

AT 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND COTTONWOOD MALL tax for California residents ordering from Orange..

SALT CITY LAKE 2472 BLVD., WASHINGTON OGDEN Check/Money Order Q Or, charge my, established account 777 ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA SO. MAIN

NAME.,...'-.

ADDRESS CITY STATE ZIP.

PLEASE SEND ME CHARGE ACCOUNT INFORMATION July Era '67

Before we engage in any restora- Q—Will you rebuild houses that corner of the building to the tower

tion of property, we need to know are now nothing more than foundabase. This will allow people to get

who lived there, when and for how tions? an idea of the temple's grandeur,

long, and the original style, mate- A—Yes. One role of our architect and permit them to climb to the top

rial, and structure of the building. is to recreate these houses as they and see the beautiful view of the

We need to know the kinds of once were. We have many picMissisippi River and the countryutensils, tools, furniture, and clothtures and drawings of houses, side about which so many visitors

ing that were used in the home. shops, and other buildings of as well as the Saints wrote. The

This kind of information entails Nauvoo. temple story is part of our historic

painstaking research into old It is not contemplated that all presentation.

diaries, books, notes, microfilms, of the houses still standing be Q—In the days of the Saints,

letters, pictures, and drawings from restored as museums or exhibition Mississippi River traffic played an all possible sources. houses, but they are to be restored important part. Do you have any

Dr. Lyon is constantly engaged at least as to the exterior to form plans concerning the river?

in uncovering new information perthe background of a section of the A—The river provides some wontaining to Nauvoo. Assisting us is city that will be representative of derful possibilities. Only a short

Rowena Miller, who has made a the City of Nauvoo as a whole. time ago the governor of Illinois

study of property ownership at We plan to rebuild the Seventies led a flotilla down the river, pointNauvoo and has been able to place Hall and shops of tanners, blacking up the tourist potential for the the dates and sites of occupancy of smiths, wheelwrights, wagon makMaster bedroom of Kimball home. Most

about 9,000 of the 12,000 people ers, bakers, apothecary, general furnishings are antique.

whoQ—Howlived isthere.information such as estingstores, andand importantsome of theofmorethe tradesinterthisA—Throughobtained?detailed work in diathatProphet'swere time.in NauvooWe knowin thethe

ries, county tax records, and the actual location of most of the like. For example, several years ago shops and have photographs of

we contacted officials of the Hansome. We have a committee o\

cock County courthouse, hoping to experts and authorities whose role find old records. We were informed is to see that everything is done

that shortly after World War I they accurately.

had burned all records before 1850, Q—Part of Nauvoo, including sevHeber C. Kimball home before restoration

but the Nauvoo attorney, Preston eral homes, is owned by the and refurnishing were begun.

W. Kimball, came to us with tax Reorganized Church, those memrecords for 1840, 1842, and 1850, bers who decided to break away

which he had saved from destrucfrom Brigham Young and the tion. Also, the custodian of the westward movement and remain in

courthouse and Dr. Lyon, on a the Midwest. How does this affect

search for additional records, went your work?

into the attic, and between some A—The Reorganized Church owns

ceiling joists were found the tax colabout 40 acres on which are some lector's reports from 1846 to 1849. historic buildings—the Mansion

ThisQ—Howhas helpeddo you greatly.go about furnishHouse,tion of thethe JosephHomestead,SmiththeStore,foundaand

first do extensive research Actually, the Nauvoo House, in-A—Weing a restored house? a remnant of the Nauvoo House.

to learn what was in the house. tended to be a large hotel, was

Then we contact descendants—or never finished, because of the

hope they contact us—and, if posmartyrdom.

Kimball home as it now stands, restoredsible, gather from them original Q—What are the plans for the and open to visitors.

household materials. If we are Nauvoo Temple block?

unable to find the actual furnish- A—This has not been decided yet.

ings, we acquire authentic items of One suggestion is to partially rethe period. store it, perhaps rebuilding only a

Going places this summer?

For extra pleasure, take along a good book

1. TRUE TO THE 2. THE TEN MOST 3. HIS SERVANTS

TEN MOST FAITH THE MEN WANTED MEN SPEAK WANTED

Compiled by Llewelyn By Paul H. Dunn Compiled by R. Wayne

R. McKay Ten essential traits of Shute

The sermons and writleadership with examples Excerpts from BYU deings of President David of each. votional services. Wide

0. McKay. Paul H. Bi"111 range of subjects.

$3.95 $3.95 $2.50

4. THE FOURTH "n\ 5. THE CONSTITU- 6. THE FAITH OF A

THOUSAND YEARS TION BY A THREAD SCIENTIST

By W. Cleon Skousen By Richard Vetterli By Dr. Henry Eyring

religion true Shows how to of Biblical out support Speaks The sweep science can and true principles on the which events time of the from in function complete Christ. David Republic our founded. to was

harmony.

$6.95 $4.75 $3.00

7. THE MIRACLE 8. THE VALLEY OF 9. BIGGER THAN

OF PERSONALITY TOMORROW YOURSELF

By Sterling W. Sill By Gordon T. Allred By Wendell J. Ashton

Insights lives into of a with novel LDS A new of worldly The secret spiritper- ordinary of story profound men who selfsuccess... makes

acoutstanding formed Excellent experience. ual

a pleasure. improvement

for teenagers. complishments.

$3.75 $3.50 $3.25

10. PROPHECY, 11. MELVIN J. 12. J. GOLDEN

KEY TO THE BALLARD, Crusader KIMBALL

FUTURE for Righteousness

Richards By Claude S. Crowther By Duane

The interesting and inof a faithThe biography of the Knowledge future spiring life of a stalwart as revealed by ancient of Mormonism. ful and courageous

and modern prophets. Latterday Saint.

$3.95 $3.50 $3.95

ORDER BY MAIL, OR FROM YOUR BOOKCRAFT B? 67

NEARBY LDS BOOK DEALER 1186 South Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

Please send the following book(s) for which I have enclosed check or money order in the amount Of $ (Residents of Utah add Vk% sales tax.)

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12

Name

Address

City, State, Zip

July 1967 15 TEST many people who own boats. In Q—To what extent will Nauvoo be

the days of Nauvoo, the Saints a missionary tool in terms of what owned and used several paddle is done at Temple Square or whatYOUR steamers and "horse boats."The was done at the New York World's

river steamers were the Maid of Fair?

in reIowa and the steamboat Nauvoo. A—The role of the ChurchTALENT!

We hope to duplicate these boats storing Nauvoo envisions a differand provide short river trips for ent approach to missionary work.

those wishing enjoyable recreation Our guide service is one that tourists and a flavor of the past. will find informative, educational,

The Saints also had a ferry, and inspiring, but also one that which we plan to reestablish. At those who do not desire a prosethe present time the ferry nearest lyting approach will find acceptNauvoo is about 100 miles away, able. Nauvoo will be a historical

and it is surprising the number of place where people will first look tourists who want the unique thrill and then possibly listen to the gosof being ferried across the river. In pel message.

terms of potential use, our shoreThe Church will have a center line property extends three miles located in the city where visitors and has endless possibilities. will be able to talk to missionaries,

receive other information. The Q—Will the city be alive with the discuss doctrinal questions, and

flavor of the past, or will it be a guides in Nauvoo are fine, educated

CONTEST PRIZE: silent city, more like a museum? college students, most of whom

of Nauvoo have had missionary experience. $675.00 Scholarship A—The great potential

in Commercial Art lies in giving life to the city. Those They tell the historical story of

restored houses not used as Nauvoo—of the people who lived

Draw the boxer any size you museums or exhibition houses will there, their beliefs, and what they tracing. like a except Use want a fashion that is attractive also did—in as residences. occupied be We pencil. enters Everyone who

to tourists. artisans to fill the shops with want free gets a estimate the contest

a referral service for of his talent. Winner receives who would work at the various We have

a complete course in commercial trades performed over a century those who wish to learn more about art. Students are taught, ago. Some of the shops would be the Church. We know from past

individually, by professional selfsupporting and help maintain experience that a good percentage artists on the staff of America's the cost of the restoration project. of tourists want to learn more, and

leading home study art school. We envision not only recreating many have been converted. NuPurpose of contest is to uncover part of the town as it once was, but merous visitors have come back

hidden talents. Entries for the also supplying guides to show touragain and again.

current contest must be ists through the homes and tell received 31, 1967. August by of tourist potential is the of story the the Q—What who Mormons returned. entries can be No Nauvoo? life. their lived there and way of professional students and Our year than 97,000 more A—Last eligible. artists Contest not

you provide entertainpeople registered at our informawinner will be notified. Q—Would

regisMail your drawing today. A—Therement also? are many possibilities andtion wecenterexpectandaboutexhibition120,000houses,

here, ranging from parading a Nautrations this year. By 1974 our

ai/art instruction schools voo Legion to a dramatic producestimates show that a minimum of

Studio 500 7L3790 So. Fourth St. tion telling the story of Nauvoo. 400,000 people per year will visit Minneapolis, Minn. 55415

Please enter my drawing in your draw-a- There is a natural amphitheater us. The potential is remarkable.

head contest. (please print) down by the river, one that could You see, within half a day's drive

Name easily seat thousands of people. from Nauvoo live 17 million people.

to have a dramaticWithin 500 miles there are 50 milOccupation. -Age We hope

musical production written that lion people.

Address Apt.. will appeal to tourists and portray Another fact pertaining to our

City..State. the dramatic story of the rise and tourist potential is our strategic

County. Zip Code. fall of Nauvoo. location in a section already having

Accredited by the Accrediting Commission ofApprovedthe Nationalfor VeteransHome StudyTraining.Council.

16 Improvement Era

great historic attraction. Ninetyeight miles to the southeast is New

Salem, home of Abraham Lincoln. An interesting

The State of Illinois has rebuilt it, and it is most interesting to comintroduction pare New Salem's dusty streets and to the Churchlog cabins with Nauvoo's wellMOSBfi planned community and gracious homes. Seventyfive miles down the

river is Hannibal, Missouri, home of Mark Twain. Thus, within a

day's drive are areas pertaining to

Abraham Lincoln, Mark Twain, and the Mormons. What an attractive area for tourists!

Q—What will visitors to Nauvoo

itsA—Theysee this year?will view Nauvoo in

beautiful setting and visit the

Heber C. Kimball and IvinsSmith $5.95

houses, the Times and Seasons building, and, we hope, the Wilford

Woodruff and Brigham Young houses. Our guides, numbering

about 30, will take visitors on tours THE LATTERDAY SAINTS of the city. A film on Nauvoo is

shown at the Nauvoo Restoration The Mormons Yesterday and Today

Information Center, and there is an interesting exhibit of artifacts at by Robert Mullen the center. Even now it is a most

worthwhile experience and one that is gaining increasing recognition in the Midwest. A thoroughly objective and pleasingly written survey

Q—Are sleeping accommodations ofLatterdaythe historySaints.andAspresentdaythe author isactivitiesa nonmember,of the

nearby? his informative investigation into the origins and limNauvoo has veryA—Although doctrines of the Church provides potential converts

visiited tourist accommodations, with a fair and unbiased appraisal.tors find that within 25 miles there

are many firstclass tourist accommodations. If any wish to write to For members, Mr. Mullen's account of the activities

us at Nauvoo Restoration, Nauvoo, of the Church throughout the world will make fasIllinois, we will be happy to help cinating reading. The book will also aid missionaries,

arrange accommodations. In the and others, in equipping themselves to answer the

near future we hope to establish questions of investigators concerning many of the our own motelhotel accommodacurrent activities of the Church.

tions. There is also a state park in

Nauvoo, and for a small fee one An ideal gift. Available at your local bookseller.

may camp overnight.

Q—How do you personally feel

I wish toA—Iabout havethe project?two thoughts I DOUBLEDAY

share. First, I want all Latterdav

Saints to know that the Church

July 1967 17 Are you tired of being tired?

''Try Lyman's 11,1 L <9: [9.

Daily Supply ililiX i i t i J Vitamins and An artist's retouched work of a Aerial view shows old streets of Nauvoo, daguerreotype of Nauvoo Temple. present buildings, and community's threeMineral Tablets sided border by Mississippi River.

less than 2i a tablet r

Home of Wilford Woodruff, fourth Church "The Homestead"was Nauvoo home of

President, is being restored and refurnished. Prophet Joseph Smith from 1839 to August

1843.

is not committing itself to somefor reasons of financial speculation, thing that is going to involve a the Mormons took their faith, their fantastic outlay of money. This families, their poor, and their sick

complete restoration project is and established a community that such that we could stop at any is entirely selfsupporting.

ET5 particular phase of our tenphase For many years Utah served as VfTAMNETA8l ALL developmental program and not be the midAmerican supply point for the loser. Each phase can stand those going on to Oregon and Calion its own and to some degree fornia. The story has been told from

satisfy visitors. the point of view of the Church,

Second, I really get enthusiastic but its place in American history about the potential of Nauvoo—and and its great contribution to the

the amazing thing is, so do all of settlement of western United States the experts who learn of our has never been told adequately.

is one reason so many nonHigh Potency project or from whom we've asked This help. You see, the great story of Mormons are enthusiastic about it.

All Natural Nauvoonot even hasby Latterdaynever reallySaints.been told,The whichNauvooto istella manygreat centerstories: fromthe

Clip and Mail or Write Mormon migration is the only Mormon Nauvoo story, the migramigration in which an entire comtion story of all peoples who headed

Lyman, Don 2431 Highland Drive, munity moved itself and its induswestward, the Mississippi River Salt City, Lake Utah

Please send Daily Supply Tablets, tries, institutions, religion, schools, traffic and merchandising story, postage free. and political and cultural concepts and the always enjoyable experitablets..$8.95 is to seeing ence of the West. It of onlv the Far people how Quantity 500

tablets 100 -$1.95

is lived. another that time migration to years In American a two-

I sincerely road; that is, believe repeatedly come I way Nauvoo we

I I Name... sent missionaries across the will great historical one of the be back

I I Address. plains to get our people. While attractions in America and a monu-

| City | everyone else headed west basically ment to the Prophet Joseph Smith.

I State Zip.....

18 Improvement Era KSL NEWS IN VIET NAM Indepth coverage of KSL news extended to Viet Nam as KSL, were rushed to Broadcast House daily to give you the most comhome of radio brought you a new insight into world affairs plete and total local coverage ever heard on the Viet Nam story.

through the eyes of young men serving there. Daily interviews Covering these historyshaping events for KSL were top newsmen

with men from mountain America were made in villages, hospital Dick Nourse and Larry Finnegan. No wonder KSL, home of radio

zones, aircraft carriers, anywhere those young men serve. Reports is mountain America's "number one"news station!

FAR LEFT AND ABOVE: Scenes

typical of Viet Nam and the action reported by KSL newsmen, Larry Finnegan and Dick

Nourse, pictured on left as they leave for Far East.

BELOW: Able and efficient

KSL news director, Ted Capener and the news room—

nerve center for all KSL news.

Mountain America turns to KSL news for the facts! DIAL 1160

And why not, KSL supplies more people with more facts faster than any other news source. With 17 "professional"newsmen,

8 fully equipped radio mobile units and an airplane ready for 50,000 watt CBS clear channel instant use, with helicopter service when needed—KSL has to

be your "number one"news source. for Western America

No matter what the story, when or where it happens, you hear Broadcast House about it first on KSL, home of news. Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 home of radio

Girls and leaders from Salt Lake area hike along rocky mountain trail.

than half a century, since the Liberty Stake of Salt Lake City held the first such encampment in the summer of 1912.

The site of that first camp was on the banks of Big Cottonwood stream, on a farm in Murray, some ten miles south of Salt Lake City.

To get to the camp, the girls rode the streetcar to Murray, where they were met by a hayrack that carried bedding and bags to the camp site a mile away, while the girls and their leaders followed on foot. The

camp had a large sleeping room, boarded halfway to the roof and screened with wire netting the other halfway, with cots and mattresses for twelve. Supplies were

kept in large boxes, and all food was cooked in the open, over a campfire. Activities at this first

camp included wading and swimming in the stream, nature walks and nature study, and campfire programs. During the summer of

1912, 82 girls and 15 leaders enjoyed the camp.

As the success of Liberty Glen became known, the general board began encouraging other stakes to develop an adequate summer program "to give added protection to young people from evil tendencies incident to war conditions,"and thus the summer camp program was begun. Among the pioneer

camps were those established at

Brighton, near Salt Lake City;

Logan Canyon, Provo Canyon, Bear Lake, Pocatello, Ogden, and other areas along the Wasatch From Santiago, Chile, to Anchorbags, under the stars and under Mountain front in Utah and Idaho.

age, Alaska; Inverclyde, Scotland, shelters, at Churchowned camps By 1925 more than 3,000 girls were

to Concord, California; Melbourne, and at forest service camps. attending the camps, a number that

Australia, to Washington, D.C.—Wherever you find young Latterincreased to more than 17,000 in

thousands of girls of MIA age are day Saint girls, you'll find them 1954. Today, more than twice as

going to camp this summer. About joining together in this great promany girls are now enjoying the

40,000 are expected to participate gram of sisterhood and fellowship. camping experience, with 38,432

in the YWMIA girls'camp program, Camping for girls has been part attending in 1966, including 873 sleeping out in tents and sleeping of the YWMIA program for more nonmembers.

20 Improvement Era Cookout over an open fire attracts girls at lake shore camp in Australia.

For many stakes and missions, to a mental institution!), firstyear

today's camp facilities are a far campers may become "Yearlings"cry from the simple, rustic Liberty when they have mastered fourteen

Glen camp. Thirty camps are now requirements. These include helpowned by stakes or through joint ing to plan a hike and a cookout,

stake effort. In other areas, estabknowing how to dress for a hike

lished camp facilities owned by and the rules for hiking, building a such groups as the Girl Scouts, fire, sharpening a knife, tying knots,

YWCA, Jewish youth organizacooking out of doors, developing a tions, and other civic groups are nature craft, and learning basic rented. Many stakes enjoy primifirst-aid techniques.

tive camping in national forests or The second year a girl may work by permission on private property. toward the "Mountaineer"level by

In Australia the girls camp in learning such things as fire safety tents on farm and ranch land owned and conservation regulations, going by members of the Church. In on an allday hike, preparing meals

England, a beautiful lodge set on by using various outdoor cooking 40 acres of green fields and playing methods, lashing, sharpening and grounds provides the setting for using an ax, building four types of leadership weeks for the girls. In fires, demonstrating knowledge of

Santiago, Chile, the camp site is more advanced firstaid skills, and along a river running through a leading the group in special assignfarm located near groves of ments.

California, Fernando, at Saneucalyptus trees. Girls from RexTo become an "Inspirator"at theCampers

(above) weigh in with sleeping bags and burg, Idaho, camp at the Rock end of her third year, she concamp gear. Flagstaff (Arizona) Stake campCreek LDS Girls Camp adjacent tinues to study conservation, learns ers (below) pitch tents in the forest.

to Yellowstone National Park, while new cooking techniques and how those from the San Fernando Valto use a compass and map and ley of California go to primitive trail markings, demonstrates a areas of the High Sierra mountains. working knowledge of first aid by

One aspect of girls'camping in teaching it to younger girls, assists the Church today that has peras a junior counselor, and helps haps given greater impetus and teach camp skills to others.

meaning to the program is the The fourth level is "Adventurer,"

Campcrafter Certification program, for which girls help plan and go on begun in 1963. This program pro- a packin trip for two or three days,

vides four levels of achievement, take a fivemile crosscountry hike, with recognition for each level. A pitch a tent, plan and cook outdoor

girl who has n astered all four meals, make lashed camp items, levels of achievement should be participate in campfire programs, prepared to take care ox herself and and perform other leadership roles.

others in life out of doors as well Only those campers who have as experiencing an increase in her themselves been certified through own leadership ability and preparspecial workshops or actual campSister Alvie M. Pemberton of

ing her for future roles as a homeing experience may certify other Victoria, Australia, a mission maker and a mother. campers. Since the program was YWMIA supervisor, saved for ten

Under the certification program introduced, devoted and deteryears in order to be able to travel ( which in England and Australia is mined leaders fi >n throughout the to Utah for June Conference. The

called a "qualification"program, Church have sacrificed to get the general board camp committee since in those countries to be proper certification so they could heard she was coming and urged "certified"means being committed take the program to their girls. her to study beforehand so she

July 1967 21 Girls'camping is a popular MIA activity world—in England,

Weber (Ogden, Utah) Stake girls gather around campfire for traditional Indian ceremony.

50 leaders who have at least one level of certification, and half a dozen who have completed the entire fouryear program.

The success of the Campcrafter

Certification program is attested to by leaders throughout the world, whose reports include these statements: "The program has provided

the direction for camp programming.""We have never made the

program mandatory, but we have made it so appealing that we have never had one girl refuse to participate.""It has reactivated former

inactive girls, brought nonmembers into closer contact with the Church program, and provided leaders with opportunities to get closer to their girls than is possible at any other time.""The outstanding success of

the program in our region is that it is producing outstanding leaders."

To prepare their counselors for teaching the skills in the Campforest. is beautiful set in California, Concord, Liahona, area (above; Campfire at Camp

in to hike left), then train (below, Camp crafter program, camp directors Alaska, travel by Anchorage,Campers from

La Da Sa, where hearty meals prepared in the open (right) await them. often hold special workshops and

outings prior to the camp season.

In the Central States Mission, a certification campout for district executives and sportscamp directors was held in the summer of 1966 in the wooded area adjoining the mission home at Independence, Missouri. This site is part of the

area that has been dedicated for the building of the temple in Zion,

Jackson County, Missouri.

Priesthood guidance has been a big factor in the success of girls camping in the Church. The general board recommends that at

least one member of the priesthood could become certified at a post- I did succeed in becoming certigo to camp with each group. This

conference clinic. fied for the entire four years. Upon person is available to assist with

"Being a grandmother of two, my return to Australia, I was full long hikes, building and repairing and feeling my age,"she said, "I of enthusiasm and could not get camp equipment, protection, and did not really believe I could do it. the program going soon enough."giving fatherly advice.

However, with some personal efSister Pemberton set up clinics The Concord (California) Stake fort, plus a lot of prodding and in the stakes and missions of Ausreports outstanding priesthood suppushing from the camp committee, tralia, and now there are more than port: "We have a minimum of five

22 Improvement Era all over the

is found.Australia, the United States, Chile—wherever the Church

members of the priesthood with on Saturday evening the entire tiful, no one can doubt the us for the full seven days, and we stake presidency and bishoprics, as existence of a Father in heaven."

have a virtual waiting list of men well as high councilors and other Conversions of nonmember girls who would like to go. When the priesthood leaders, arrive to stay who have become fellowshipped

Adventurers go out for three days, overnight and direct the Sunday through the YWMIA girls'camp two priesthood members go with services. "The girls are really improgram are often reported. Conthem; another goes with the Inpressed when the sacrament is adcord (California) Stake reports at

spirators on their overnight hike; ministered and passed by their least two baptisms each year as a

and two are left in camp at all bishops,"their camp director result of the camping program. In

times. These men form their own reports. the Alaska Stake, where the girls

unit and not only provide the heavy During the week the girls may travel 70 miles from Anchorage to labor for camp but also participate participate in MIA programs, gos- a beautiful campsite, two young in our campfire programs, Sunday pel discussions, and testimony girls were converted to the Church services, and testimony meetings. meetings. A testimony meeting the through camping last year, and

We can also testify that through last morning of camp is traditional their parents were also recently the power of the priesthood many in many areas, with the girls arisbaptized.

girls and leaders have been healed."ing early to go to an outdoor area A young girl in Mt. Nebo Stake

While the Campcrafter Certificafor sunrise services. There they completed the camping program

tion program provides direction for can express their feelings in settings and was baptized a few months much of the camping activity, other that are often reminiscent of the later. Her father, a nonmember,

activities are also provided, includSacred Grove where the young praised the certification program ing softball, volleyball, hiking, Joseph Smith also sought the Lord. as one of the truly worthwhile proarchery, swimming, boating, and For many girls, this is the first grams of the Church. This stake

other outdoor sports. In England opportunity they have taken to also encourages mothers to go to

and Australia, heavy emphasis is bear their testimony. camp with their daughters and

given to the sports program, par- "Testimony meeting in the primiserve as counselors. On one threeticularly track and field events. tive camps is wholesome, with the day packin trip were two mother

Girls who are interested in arts girls showing a real appreciation and daughter teams who "set an and crafts are taught how to make for their Heavenly Father,"said example of love that can exist and beautiful and useful articles from one high councilor from the San become stronger through this inflowers, leaves, nuts, wood, and Fernando (California) region. spiring association in the out of

other natural materials found in the "The most faithpromoting event doors."

camp area. Girls at the Flagstaff we have is our fast and testimony Many faithpromoting stories are

( Arizona ) Stake camp make leather meeting. We have had our nontold in each stake and mission each

purses to wear on their belts when members also bear their testimonies year as a result of the camp prothey hike to carry firstaid equipand become active in the Church gram. Illustrative of this is the

ment, knife, compass, and matches. through the camp program,"acexperience reported by the Sydney

New Jersey Stake girls enjoy makcording to the Flagstaff Stake camp (Australia) Stake last year. The

ing curler bags and tile mosaics. director. girls had planned a special fireside

The length of stay for girls who "One of our most successful but were advised to cancel it beattend MIA camps ranges from one events is our early morning testicause of a violent storm approachday to a full week. Those who stay mony meeting,"said the Mt. Nebo ing. The camp director, Sister

the full week plan for special Sun- (Payson, Utah) Stake director. Bronwen Jones, knowing how imday activities in keeping with the "The setting of our camp in a portant the program was to the

Sabbath, usually beginning with meadow, completely surrounded girls, knelt in prayer with her

Sunday School or a testimony meetby mountains, is just beautiful. It mother (who was a counselor) to

ing, then discussion groups and seems that early in the morning, out ask her Heavenly Father's help.

nature study in the afternoon, sacof doors, the atmosphere is excepTheir prayer was answered. The

rament meeting in the early tionally quiet and serene. With program was presented in dry

evening, followed by a fireside the sun just coming up over the weather to the 64 girls in the camp program. One stake reports that mountains and everything so beauas well as 50 visitors who were

July 1967 23 camping in the vicinity. Sister their willingness to conform to the Yes, the YWMIA girls camp

Jones said later, "Can you imagine standards of the Church. Immeprogram is one of great spirituality

the thrill it was to be able to make diately after the closing prayer, the and growth for thousands of Latterknown our principles and standards rain began to pour down, and the day Saint girls. Through it they

to these very interested visitors? I storm broke. During that long learn to work together, to play

don't believe I have ever felt so night of patrolling for the safety together, to live together. Through

lifted up by the Spirit as when our and comfort of the girls, we were it a great reservoir of leadership girls sang praises to their Heavenly warmed by the quiet knowledge strength is developed, strength

Father, bore testimony to the truththat we had asked in faith and that will benefit the Church in fulness of the gospel, and stated our prayer had been answered."coming years. Through it great

An Era reprint on the spirit of being a missionary

The "Mormon"missionary is unique among those who go out to battle for a cause. He is untrained, according to manmade standards,

for the work he is to do. He comes out from his daily labors on the farm,

in the shop, in the university, from any and every honorable pursuit, learned and unlearned, wealthy and poor, to teach in the mission field that which he believes to be true, in the language and with the means that God has given him. His weapon and defense is truth, humbly used,

and truth is always invincible.

It is even more remarkable in these days that the missionary labors without material reward. He receives no remuneration for his service,

and while in the mission field, he must provide at his own expense for his support. When his missionary labors are over he returns to his daily

tasks, his honest toil, to earn his living as before, poorer perhaps in this world's goods, but with the inivard satisfaction that comes to him who renders obedience to the Lord. He was divinely called into the

mission field; he will be divinely rewarded! He knows that giving is the

way to receiving. The missionary trusts the Lord. That gives him more

than mortal power.

The "Mormon"missionary believes sincerely, indeed, he knows, that his message is the priceless gift of undoubted truth, God made and revealed, which has the power, if used, to enrich mankind beyond measure in daily happiness on earth and in thelife hereafter. Such certain knowledge gives him courage and makes his labors joyful. He meets the issues

of the day with a song in his heart.

Moreover, he understands that the gospel message is for all the children of men, not for a favored few; and he knows that, according

to the eternal order, those who have must give, that truth must be shared else it dies, that out of unselfish service comes unbounded joy. So he

rejoices to have the privilege of helping his fellowmen find and tread the path to daily happiness. Such spiritual forces impel and uphold

the missionary.

There is no parallel in the whole history of mankind to this missionary system. Untrained men have often spoken for righteousness; others have

sacrificed for their convictions; but there is no record of a whole people

24 Improvement Era spirituality, humility, and love for and girls when we began our prothe Lord are developed and gram, and how we kept our goals fostered. in sight, knowing that they would

The feelings of many thousands come around—and now see the

of devoted MIA camp directors and zest, love, and growth of all of us, counselors is beautifully summed I know it's been worthwhile! Many

up by Sister Effie Davenport of times I have prayed to my Father

North Rexburg ( Idaho ) Stake, who in heaven for guidance about writes: "When I look back at some problems confronting us. I know

of the resistance from our leaders that he has helped us!"

as timely today as it was 31 years ago.

who for more than a century, without diminution of zeal, as a body and "Where the World continuously, have given such service Registers"under every sun, who have kept beYour next trip to Denver—the

fore the eyes of men the eternal fire climate capital of America—

of truth upon the altar of sacrifice. will be most memorable when

The cost in time and money has been you stay at the Brown Palace.

tremendously great. The sacrifices 600 air conditioned rooms

of fathers, mothers, wives, brothers, suites and executive rooms and sisters, to make the mission of a five famous restaurants loved one possible, form a noble and complete convention beautifully tender chapter in the accommodations history of mankind.

Out of the sacrifices made by the To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE

Latterday Saints to spread the perfect doctrine of truth among mankind KARL W. MEHLMANN, General Manager

have come great blessings. Hundreds Represented by:

of thousands of honest seekers after MEMBER ROBERT F. WARNER

truth have entered the Church of NewGLENNYorkW.CityFAWCETT

Christ, into a happier way of life. Los Angeles

Every family which has sent a member into the mission field has been spiritually enriched thereby. Every <<<<<?<4U!?><<&><47*<&&&><<0

missionary has profited personally by the experience. Young men and Science without religion

women sent into the field to battle is lame, for the cause of the Lord have come religion without science back as men and women ready to cope is blind.

with the day's problems.... Whoever Albert Einstein

serves the Lord prospers. It should

be the ambition of the youth of Zion in to share as a known themission.—Johnprofitable enterpriseA. WidtDESERET

soe, October 1936 Improvement Era. I MORTU, &1Y

THOUGHT FOR THE MONTH

CUT OUT & ADD TO YOUR COLLECTION

July 1967 25 I noticed the anxiousness in Mother's voice as she called us in from the yard. When the five of us

had reached the back steps she scolded us for playing in the mud around the pump. The door that

separated the kitchen from the house was barred, and we sensed what was coming. Billy and Quintus were sent to draw water, and I

began to undress the two little children asking too many questions, much. His chin overlapped his

ones, Noannie and Ophie. Mother you hear?"collar, which appeared to be

was hastily spreading rugs on the The big tub by the stove was choking him, and his auburn musfloor to catch the spatters, when filled, and each of us had a quick tache curled on his cheeks like the

Ophie started to whine. Whisps of bath, without a change of water, horns on Papa's prize bull. Mother

stray hair curled on Mother's face, and we wriggled into our starched introduced us to Aunt Minah and damp with perspiration. She anclothing. Then five heads of hair Laurie in order of age, starting with

swered him impatiently. were brushed and combed. With me: "Carrie Lee, John Quintus,

"Your Uncle Phillip and his new faces shining, and bodies slightly William Thomas, Noannie Ann, and bride are here a day early, and are stiff, we marched into the parlor. Theopholis."Aunt Minah's gaze

sittin'in the parlor. And you, young Our mother followed, straightening lingered on Ophie. His eyes were

man, are simply caked with mud! her dress and patting her braids round and bright, and his dark

Your Aunt Minah has never met in place. curls had been brushed until they

you children, and I want you to Aunt Minah's small form sat shined. He timidly tucked his head

look your best. Her girl's as old rigidly in Mother's rocking chair, against Mother's skirt, and the

as you, Carrie,"she said to me, opposite my father's relaxed bulk. woman regarded the rest of us

her good humor returning. I felt Beside her chair stood a lovely coolly. She gestured with a slim

a catch of excitement. For weeks I young girl, slightly taller than I. hand.

had tried to imagine what the new Her long, golden braids hung to "This is my child,"she said, cousin would be like. Would she her waist and were tied with color- "your Cousin Laurie."The girl

be pretty? Would her hair be as ful ribbons. She was as fair as I smiled nervously.

long and brown as mine? And how was tanned. "Here, child, sit down,"Mother

would a city girl from way up Uncle Phil sat in a straightback coaxed, and set a leather footstool north, coming to a little cotton chair, his hat on his knee, nervously in front of her. After a moment's

town in Georgia, take to her tapping his foot. As he watched uncertainty Laurie straddled the

"country"cousins? our little procession he gave us a stool, resting her elbows on her

"Mama, what's she like?"I asked. wide grin, and we ran to hug him. knees.

"Are Laurie and Aunt Minah MorUncle Phil had not changed very Papa and Uncle Phil had pulled mons too?""I told you, hon', I don't know.

Uncle Phil didn't say. But after In our starched clothing,

we've all gotten acquainted, we'll see."She began to pin up my pigwith hair brushed and

tails, lowering her voice to me. faces shining, we marched into

"You know what a good Saint his first wife was, God rest the dear the parlor.

old soul. But I don't want you

26 Improvement Era IHPiM* I I

JrfU2PSa*K*&*****gB| R*r \ I ft J m \w A'w

I their chairs up closer to the hearth, laughing and talking noisily to each other. The womenfolk had to F/ J prfWWt.

(Xspeak louder to understand each other, and I strained an ear to hear -""tB*"conversations. Auntboth Minah

took out a lace bag andopened her pp *f*& * V"* Hj crochet needles and ball of thread. 'SflE.

Mother watched admiringly as Aunt Minah's dainty, manicured hands waved the needles back and forth. I glanced over at Mother's W5*

"2SiSBB

jflhi rs*> ol m i%wfaa

- - j *.'; 4 *

a,a. J tf f-. \\M i

tfijagar W X

g*|#* hands, hid in the folds of her skirt. "Ma made the dress I'm wearin'Mother answered the question:

"Do you enjoy needle work?"now!"Noannie said proudly, hold- "My parents settled here in '68,

Aunt Minah finally asked. ing out the skirt by its corners while and they helped to build this town.

"No, ma'm... that is, I'd love Aunt Minah looked at it. Uncle Why, it wasn't much more'n a pig

to crochet if I had more time. It's Phil's voice invaded their conversatrail when they came,"she said,

just that I don't sew for enjoyment tion: "How did the crops survive beaming.

much now, these children keep me that rainy spell?""Not much more'n that today!"

so busy!"she said, laughing. "And "How long have you lived the other woman said under her

we get behind in our farm work. here in MacDonough?"Aunt Minah breath.

But I do manage to make a dress inquired. After Papa had finCousin Laurie seemed to be enor shirt for them now and then."ished a siege of loud coughing, thralled with Uncle Phil's and

Papa's talk of cattle. As she lisWe took her on a guided tour. tenedinterest.her eyes grew round with

She saw a "real, live milk cow.""Mother, I've never seen a cow

that gives milk,"she said quietly.

My mouth dropped open, and Mother smiled at her warmly.

Ophie thrust his chin in Laurie's face. "You mean you've never seen a milk cow?"He gazed at Laurie

in amazement. This provided an

opening for me: "Laurie*,"I implored, "wouldn't you like to see

our cow? Her name's Lady."

Ophie sucked in his breath with excitement.

"Lady's gonna have a li'l calf 'fore long, and Pa says I can name

it!""What are you going to name your calf?"Laurie asked. Ophie

studied for a moment, for he had not really decided on a name yet.

Then his eyes widened as he announced the new name: "Laurie!"

He gave a satisfied grin.

Noannie giggled aloud, and I tried to stifle my giggles with my hand. Ophie, proud of his results,

joined in with his own explosions.

Mother shook her head at us, but there was a twinkle in her eves.

Aunt Minah looked annoyed, but I didn't care. I wanted to laugh and

never stop, for the more I saw of

Aunt Minah's pinched little face and the quick movements of her pale little hands, the more I found it impossible to suppress the laughter that seemed to boil up inside me. Papa turned and glared at us.

We grew quiet again; and

28 Improvement Era

Mother, sensing our discomfort, soft, pink ears. She teased the kiteat, and filled our pockets full. We

suggested that we invite Laurie to tens our old mother cat had left ate as we walked, and stopped to our room while she visited with in the corn bin, and fed nuts to swing on the oak vines that hung toAunt Minah. We were happy to our tame squirrel Oscar, who soon low to the ground. We stopped

oblige—to get out of those scratchy made friends with Laurie. rest on the bank of the creek and

clothes and tightfeeling shoes. Billy and Quintus invited her to told ghost stories, occasionally

I loaned Laurie an outfit of go to the woodshed to see the king glancing warily over our shoulders.

mine to change into and hung her snake they had captured. When When the sun began to go down we

dress with its countless rows of she saw Quintus wrap the friendly decided to head for home to feed ruffles and dainty lace bodice caresnake around his arm and stroke its the pigs and gather the eggs before fully on a hanger. Then all of us head, she screamed and even cried supper. Laurie had asked to help

took off our shoes and stockings, a little. with the egg gathering, and Quintus

and our toes were free again. The last stop was the chicken and Billy obligingly put them in

As we were showing our cousin yard, where all the hens rushed to her skirt as she held tightly to the a few of our belongings, I opened the fence, expecting a handout. corners.

the drawer to our night table, and Laurie poked her finger through As we reached the back yard we she saw my Book of Mormon. the wire and a chicken pecked it. smelled biscuits baking and chicken

When she asked about it, I exBilly brought a pan of corn and let frying. We were very tired and

plained that this book was like the her feed the chickens. She laughed content to sit quietly around the

Bible. I let her see the signature with delight and stood at the edge supper table while our parents

of our Church President, who had of the chicken yard, calling sweetly, chatted happily with our guests.

autographed my book the year he as she threw them fistfuls of corn. Aunt Minah was seated beside

tourejl our mission. It was my most "I know where there are some Laurie. After the food had been

treasured possession, and I related nice juicy grapes,"Quintus told blessed she sniffed at Laurie inhow Joseph Smith came to be a her, and we remembered the grapequiringly. "Laurie,"she said softly,

Prophet of God like the prophets vines. "Over the fence and just "go look on the bottoms of your

in the days of old. Then I returned down that hill,"he said, pointing to feet. I think you've stepped in

the book to the drawer. the farthest gate. Laurie shaded something."

Out in the yard, Laurie walked her eyes. Aunt Minah seemed to have melup and down the cool ground, gaz- "We have to crawl through a lowed a little, and during the meal

ing often at her feet as though she 'bobwire'fence,"warned Ophie, she ate four buttered biscuits. She

seldom saw them. The six of us "and Billy found a rattler there last was smiling now, and even had a

sat in a circle and asked questions. year!"Laurie's expression changed. second helping of blackberry cobWe quizzed Laurie about her home "Hush, Ophie!"Quintus scolded. bler. Afterwards, she politely

and life in the big city. She usually "You know it was already dead offered to help with the dishes,

went to the theater with her parwhen he found it!"While Quintus which Mother, of course, refused;

ents, and she went to a "private"was busy trying to reassure Laurie but Aunt Minah insisted on helping school attended only by girls. that snakes were afraid of people, to clear the table. (My mother's

Laurie appeared to have a fascinatwe started to move toward the cooking certainly did wonders for ing life filled with catered affairs gate. people!

and colorful friends, and piano and "We'll race to the grapevines, and Before retiring that evening, my dancing lessons. We pressed her the first one that steps in somethin'father asked our guests to kneel

for more, but she changed the subis a tonguetied-billy goat!"Noanwith us in prayer. Papa asked

ject by asking to see the farm aninie yelled, the words trailing after Uncle Phil to lead. It must have

mals. We took her on a guided her. The rest of us were in squealbeen a momentous occasion for

tour of our small farm. She saw a ing pursuit through the chicken Uncle Phil, for more than likely it

"real, live milk cow,"and Lady yard. Laurie hung back, stepping was the first time he had knelt to

donated a dipperful of milk, warm with caution. I waited for her pray with his new wife and daughand fresh. when I reached the end of the yard, ter. His voice was filled with

We showed Laurie the old sow and held the wire apart while she emotion. In the evenings that

and her young pigs, and she tried crawled through. followed, after prayers, Laurie and

to imitate their squeals. Next came The grapes hung full and ripe I would take the Book of Mormon

the rabbit cage, where she gently above our heads, and we climbed from the drawer in my night table, fondled the rabbits, stroking their the vines and picked all we could and I would tell her stories from

July 1967 29 My book had come home and with it a priceless gift Illustrated by from Cousin Laurie. Jerry Thompson

it. Laurie and her family remained blossoms. "Here's something I trol my excitement, "you can choose

with us a week, and by that time picked for you. Wear 'em in your your gift from anything on this

I was beginning to think that my hair, if you like."Laurie buried her table. Which one would you like?"

Aunt Minah was not a bad sort. nose in the clusters of pink buds. I waited for her to pick her prize

It simply took awhile to get to Billy offered her three of his for a long, breathless moment. She

know some grownups. shiniest marbles, and Quintus examined each article closely, hesiThe time came to tell our cousin fished in his pockets until he found tating at each one. Then she

and her parents goodbye. That his slingshot and some whittled reached for the knob on the table

morning after breakfast we chilwood. Both were added to Laurie's drawer and opened it slowly. I

dren appeared to be listless, as we keepsakes. gave a little gasp. "My Book of

sat around looking at each other. I took Laurie by the hand and Mormon?"

After several moments Ophie stood led her into our room. On the "Oh, not to keep,"she assured

in front of Laurie. table by the bed I arranged all me. "May I just borrow it for

"Here's my jar of lightnin'bugs the treasures I owned, my best awhile? I promise to take good

you can have,"he said, thrusting a pencil drawing mounted on cardcare of it."

small jar into her hands. There board, the little blue windmill my "Well... in that case,"I said,

were holes punched in the lid. "Set father had given me, a lock of my concealing my disappointment.

'em in your room at night and baby hair, the tiny cup and saucer "Go ahead and take it. After all

they'll blink their lanterns."from my first set of dishes, the it is part of the table!"We both

Noannie rushed out of the house, little glass slipper I had won at the laughed, though I seriously doubted banging the door behind her, fair, and my grandmother's pin- I would ever see the book again.

and returned shortly, breathlessly cushion doll. # #

clutching a bouquet of crab apple "Laurie,"I said; trying to conDuring the years between our

30 Improvement Era WHEN YOU'RE "Oh, forget it! I really haven't IN HAWAII,

needed it!"ENJOY

Laurie's husband took her to live on a farm in Iowa. As I fondly ALL THE

recalled how she had made pets of FUN AND all our farm animals, I decided this EXCITEMENT must be where she belonged.

Laurie bore him seven handsome OF THE children—six stalwart sons and one

lovely daughter. Shortly after the

birth of her youngest, her husband was killed in a tractor accident. khhc

She interrupted her grief long Unforgettable villages of Tahiti, Fiji, Saenough to say goodbye to her oldmoa, Tonga, Old Hawaii and Maori New est son as he left for a mission. Zealand, open daily except Sundays from

In the years that followed, his 10 a.m. Authentic 2-hour Polynesian muyounger brothers and sister folsical pageant evenings. $7.90 includes

lowed in his footsteps, each supadmission, show and buffet dinner. See

ported by their hardworking your travel agent or write:

mother and the children who remained on the farm. Laurie saw

three of her children married, and held her first grandchild in her nblynesian Cultural Renter arms. Then she joined her husband Hawaii

in the spirit world. An educational and cultural activity of

Sometime after the funeral, The Church of Jesus Christ of

Laurie's daughter called to see me. Latterday Saints

She embraced me warmly and placed a package in my hand. The BLACK & WHITE l box was tied with ribbon.

"Carrie, Mother insisted that you roll have this."Laurie had given me LIVI9 8 exposure

occasional summer visits I waited little gifts through the years, but DEVELOPED & PRINTED patiently to find her letters in our what would my thoughtful friend IN JUMBO SIZE mailbox. Many nights I burned give to me now—this last token of 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00

the lantern late, pouring all my love? I waited until I was alone 36 exposures $1.50

it. in into tohopes unwrap and dreams my room my letters

hersto Laurie, worn, alCOLOR FILM shared badly book was and she The with me. She had welded a great most backless. A few of the pages DEVELOPING

torn. it overdeal of influence I turned were on her mother, in my KODACOLOR

per Roll 8-Exposure I traced hand, Laurie Minah followedand Aunt and with my finger roll Printing Dev. and $2.55

perin 1 2-Exposure the signature the flyleaf. baptism. faded on Roll $3.00 ro || Printing and to pages, explore its days and years passed I began The each Reprints their ColorDev. 204

swiftly through our letters, and it margins filled with notations. For

COLORColor Slides SLIDES perwas Laurie's wedding day. She was a long time I gazed at it until my 1 35 mm

marrying a fine, young man in the vision blurred, and it seemed to 20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll

temple. I was there with my own melt in my hand. Seven faithful 361 35exp.,mm Dev.ColorandSlidesMount... $2.40 perroll

husband to witness their marriage. missionaries had preached to Color Movie per

Laurie was a picture of happiness hundreds of souls from the book, 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll

tightly. resultingas in the conversion of countshe hugged me PHOTOS you'll "Carrie, numbers—missionaries I hope who GENEALOGY forgive me less of OLD NEGATIVES MADE

for not returning your book. I've shared a gospel of love: their own PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS

been so busy I forgot to bring it. dear mother's teachings. A priceof NEGATIVE, 54 each

But I'll get it to you some day, I less gift indeed, from my cousin Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s

promise."Laurie. O MoneyBack Guarantee

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1115 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

July 1967 31 is predictable story enough, The in an

it loving is played with such but Best of Movies Americanleged highschool.school students

By Howard Pearson This month, we would like to attention to the message that it is review To Sir, With Love, which lifted out of routine into a minor deals with a teacher of underclassic. The things the teacher

For the second month, we are reprivileged students in London. In does are simple enough, but how

viewing as a family movie a picture this case, the teacher is Sidney he does them strikes at the heart.

with an educational theme. Last Poitier, who won an Oscar for his Throughout the film, the message

month, it was Up the Down Stairacting in Lilies of the Field. He is one of human dignity. The

case, the story of a young woman well could be nominated again for his teacher makes his students, some of schoolteacher among underprivisensitive role in To Sir, With Love. them real toughs, respect each

other in the way they speak and

act.

One tense scene comes when a bully in the class challenges the teacher to a boxing match. Having

been a boxer, the teacher does not want to have a fight, but when he

is to, respect gains the forced he Only GAS bully. the of the class whipping by

Total Comfort Other new releases this summer air conditioning are Brighty of the Grand Canyon, story of an elderly prospector who gives you all these:

adopts a wild little burro that roams the rocky trails of the Grand

Custom engineering Canyon; Africa—Texas Style, an

Whole home cooling Ivan Tors production telling how

Troublefree service American cowboys take part in an

Quiet operation experiment to save wild beasts of

No loss of efficiency economyAfrica andof atthethecontinent;same timeReluctantaid the

Low depreciation Astronaut, which stars that funny

Enhances home value Don Knotts; El Dorado, a western

Long life with John Wayne; A Man for All

Seasons, selected as best picture of

Lowcost operation the year by the movie industry;

The Bible; and Follow Me, Boys,

Call your gas air conditioning contractor or Mountain Fuel Supply which is still in general release.

for a free cost estimate today. In addition, there are some reIf you already have natural gas forcedair issues that should appeal to famheating, the job's half done! ily groups. Walt Disney Studio is

releasing again two of its funniest

Red roses to you pictures—The Shaggy Dog and The

on choosing GAS whichAbsentMindedstar Fred Professor,MacMurray.bothTheof

Total Comfort same studio will also reissue this air conditioning summer the charming and lovely

Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, which should find appeal for mature moviegoers as well as for MOUNTAIN FUEL children. O SUPPLY COMPANY

Afottoad Got. SeAuice,-

Motion pictures reviewed on this page are neither approved nor recommended by the

Church or the Era. They are, however, in

the judgment of the reviewer, among the least obiectionable of the current films.

32 Improvement Era:annon. Associate Editor J'

p "They were honored in their generation!

THIS IS THE TRIBUTE we annually pay to the winners of The Improvement Era youth writing contest. This year's winners are unusually talented. They will long be remembered by the judges and staff and MIA

executives. Everyone is remembered by someone for something. To be re-

'membered for achievement, for excellence, for wholehearted effort toward a goal is a dream few realize, but it is one these top award winners have already attained.

A successful person doesn't just happen. The possibilities for success

are innately with us, but what we do with what we have is the margin of difference. And a winning entry isn't just a product of luck. It is the

result of an honest creative effort, of doing something commendable with

Godgiven gifts, of carefully adhering to contest rules.

Entries flooded our office bearing postmarks from the world over.

Leonie Robyn Wood Louise Terry Lindorf Bonnie Muirbrook Dennis Marden Clark from Warriewood, from Whittier, from Ogden, Utah, from Provo, Utah,

Australia, now in final California, honor recent graduate of currently serving in the year at Narabeen student at University of Weber High School Texas Mission.

Girls'High School. California at Irvine, now where she maintained a

preparing to leave for 3.8 grade average.

mission in Eastern Canada.

BR1GHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY "That Old Poet"Part Scholarships "Portia!"

Full Scholarship DENNIS DRAKE "The Discovery"GEORGE E. WATT

Rancho Cordova, California KATHRYN L. NEWMAN Athelstone, South Australia "Not a Whisper"

LEONIE ROBYN WOOD "Blinded"Burley, Idaho "Your Calling"

Warriewood, N.S.W., Australia SUZANNE EYESTONE "A Father's Prayer"VERNETTA MALOLO

Ogden, Utah LOIS M. HALL Apia, Western Samoa "Time of the Great War"

LOUISE T. LINDORF "A Story About Kindness"North Ogden, Utah "Space and the Probable Future"

Whittier, California ELDER LEE MOE "All Is Calm"ORLANDINA M. BONAVITA

Australia Stepney, South CHRISTENSEN GREG GROVE Part Scholarship Australian Mission California Beach, Eternal Long "The Lament"Spanish Fork, Utah) (home: Girl""Family R. DAVID STURT Prize, Afloat!""First

BONNIE Gilles Plains, South Australia MUIRBROOK COLEBY RICKS COLLEGE LINDA Ogden, Utah Suffolk, England Lowestoft, "The Day Star Arise"Full Scholarship CASH PRIZES ($50.00)

DENNIS CLARK "Bargains and Birthrights"CHURCH COLLEGE OF "Marie"

Provo, Utah INSLEY HAWAII VERLYNNE LINDA BUHLER Rexburg, Idaho Salt Lake City, Utah "Another Day"Lonely Hill""The

GERTRUDE M. RICHARDSON SHIRLEYANN GUNNING

Ipswich, Suffolk, England Honolulu, Hawaii

34 Improvement Era Ecclesiasticus1 44:7.5, and were the glory of the times."

There was evidence of much fine adult leadership and encouragement when many youth writers from the same wards and branches entered the contest. There were some who submitted more than twentyfive poems

under different pen names. There were some who penned poems on "diversion day"in the mission field. There were some whose entries were

submitted secretly by a proud parent.

The subject matter was varied and often exciting. So much of the

heart and soul of this generation was revealed. The quality of writing was

so high that judges were hard pressed to make final decisions. Shakespeare said, "The harder match'd, the greater victory."

We congratulate the winners and encourage all entrants to keep writing, keep contributing, keep sending the Era of Youth your efforts.

The Editors

Verlynne Insley Kathryn L. Newman Lois Marie Hall Shirleyann Gunning

from Rexburg, Idaho, top graduate from Ogden, Utah, Convert to the Church now attending Ricks of Burley High has been attending from Great Britain; has

College majoring in Idaho. Weber State College been living for past

in journalism. for the past two years. several years

in Hawaii.

"Misused""Attractions""Amy""A Finger"

LINDA BUHLER ANDREW GIBBONS MARGARET MUGLESTON KATHLEEN CARTER

Salt Lake City, Utah Phoenix, Arizona Salt Lake City, Utah Portland, Oregon "Capturing Gid""Growing Up""The Tragedy of Death""Listen to Your Heart"

RENE ELLSWORTH SUSAN ARRINGTON LARRY E. JONES KAREN KIMBERLY KING

Mesa, Arizona Twin Falls, Idaho Downey, Idaho La Crescenta, California "Two Graveyards""Youth""Old Henry's Christmas""The Converting Canine"

E. WILLIAM PACE JAMIE GLENIS CLARK ENGLAND EILEEN PERRY

Safford, Arizona Seattle, Gisborne, Washington New Zealand Jacksonville, Florida "Magnum Opus""Of Fields Unplowed""The Tides""In My Father's House"

CHRISTINE W. BUSH JENKINS DON NIELSON MELINDA H. RICHARDS JOHN

City, Heber St. John, Utah Utah Nuys, California Van Mission States Eastern

"Satisfaction"(home: Salt Lake City, Utah) "Isaiah""The Big Change"

DENNIS R. SHORT LINDA PETERSON ELIZABETH LENDALL

Zurich, Switzerland THREEYEAR ERA SUBSCRIPTIONS Fullerton, California Ogden, Utah "The Light of the Soul""Gold Chairs and Hanging Lamps""A Prayer"

JENNIFER GOBLE ELAINE PETERSON DOYLE PATRICK BUCHANAN

Salt Lake City, Utah Salt Lake City, Utah Vista, California

July 1967 35 ':.:.

%ti

sa*e?

">s

'X TIME OF THE

TOP AWARD By Louise T. Lindorf

"...IHERE IS NO CHRIST!"the prisoner cried

out. He was taken aside to await further

indoctrination.

From the shadows one of the prisoner's friends watched, tears rolling down his face. His throat

ached, but he silenced the sobs he could feel rising. Not a sound would they hear. He could

not let them capture him. He had to get away

fast. Still he lingered on, waiting to see the fate

of his other friend, the next prisoner brought forth.

Voices hushed. Only crickets disturbed the

a,:-;, stillness of the cold night air. Then the leader

asked the second prisoner to state his feelings.

After a pause, he answered, "Your system is totally corrupt. I will not be a part of it. Nor

will I deny Christ. God lives!"

"Kill him! Kill him!"they screamed.

The prisoner's friend turned his face. He knew

what came next and didn't want to see it. But

he couldn't keep the anguished scream from his ears. Over and over it echoed through his soul

as he stole away in the safety of the night.

Both friends were dead now, each in his own way—although he had done all he could to save

them. "Save them for what?"he thought bitterly. "For this kind of life? For living in

constant fear as I do, traveling only at night, hiding all day, without love, without hope?"

But he had something to finish before he died.

That's what kept driving him on, night after night.

And he wasn't really without hope. He knew he

still had one friend: the Lord.

Intelligent people for many decades had made fun of "the unenlightened"among them who could

still see some good in traditional religion. But first spotted him. If he could just lodge himself

he knew. They called it gullibility and stubborn in that crack between those rocks up ahead. How

superstition, but he knew he had so much reason mad he was that he had let his mind wander!

it!to trust his religion—how could he go against it? After coming this far—he had almost made

When his enemies caught him, he knew what he But now they would catch him for sure, especially would say. since there was some moonlight.

He surveyed the empty hills around him. In Maybe not. He had reached the rocks. But

crack was too small. He couldn't wedgethe valley ahead he saw a ruined city—rubble. no—the

Why? How had this happened to his country? himself behind that large rock. It was too late

His nation had been the best in the world for a to really try. They'd already reached the spot

long time. Never had they had a king. "But where he had been the minute before. He sank

people just aren't good enough for democracy,"into the shadows. A pebble slipped and bounced

he thought in bitter sadness. "It demands too down the hill.

much from them."The citizens themselves had "What was that?"a soldier asked.

joined his nation's longtime enemies in annihilatFrom his hiding place the man was praying ing the civilization he loved. within himself.

The soldiers strained to see if anyone was up Earlier, during the Great War, there had said, rocks. the "Oh, one ahead, Then among

tried. His had to fight it. dadbeen a He had way

all night. Let's ghosts could go back. chase we to in that end general abeen war commanding

we'll If it's It's animal. just a man, probably an

all wars. But no more. catch him in the morning."

Now the son must walk helplessly through the Slowly the sound of their footsteps died away.

barren countryside. But was it barren? Which He crossed the last valley and entered the cavern

tree would prove to be an enemy sentinel? where he had concealed the records twenty years

His legs ached, but he made them move the before.

Tonight, I He had succeeded! He bowed his head andfaster. "One after the other—go.

must reach the cave. They might find me tomorthanked God, then took out the metal plates and

row... Go; keep on; go."A sharp pain shot up stylus. "Metal will last,"he thought with satishis leg. He had twisted his ankle. But he hobbled faction. He opened the plates to some passages

on, because he wanted to finish the memoirs he his father had written and reread them to get was writing. in the mood. He was aware, at first, of the difHe kept walking all that night. Then he beference between colloquial idiom and the formal

gan to recognize landmarks. The landscape style of the records. Then, individual words didn't

; there was only the powerful messageseemed familiar. He was nearing the area where stand out

he had lived as a boy. There hadn't been much "And it is impossible for the tongue to deexcept scattered guerrilla warfare then, and he scribe, or for man to write a perfect descriphad hiked through these hills at his leisure. Soon tion of the blood and carnage which was

..."(Morm. 4:11.)he would be able to work on the record he wanted among the people.

to leave for the people to come after them. "... for they repented not of their iniquities...."(Morm. 5:2.)

An icy wind swept around him and on across "[And the Lord] would not suffer that the the rocky slopes'vast emptiness. It was hard words should not be verified, which he spake

to believe that anyone would come. Most people unto our fathers, saying that: Inasmuch as

had been killed in the Great War. Women and ye keep not my commandments, ye shall not

children had fought as well as men; the whole prosper...."(Omni 6.)

world in total war. The few people left roamed Then he picked up the stylus and wrote,

in savage, vicious bands. But something inside "... And I exhort you to remember these

told him intelligent people would someday come things; for the time speedily cometh that ye

across what he'd written. Maybe centuries would shall know that I lie not, for ye shall see me

pass, but other people... someday... from at the bar of God; and the Lord God will say

somewhere.... unto you: Did I not declare my words unto

"Over there!"someone shouted. you, which were written by this man, like as

Enemies! The man immediately dropped to one crying from the dead, yea, even as one

the ground. Had they seen him? He crept speaking out of the dust?..."(Moro. 10:

quietly. He had to get away from where they'd 27.)

38 Improvement Era YOUTHBy Eileen Perry Youth is my time—

A lovely, sparkling, shimmering

Time to treasure forever;

An hour full of promises, Sixty minutes filled with joy;

Precious scintillating baubles

Set in crystal bowls of time, Spinning colors on a golden chain;

everything Has a special kind of longevity,

The forever kind, And that's why youth is mine.

'g NOT A V

Afo a whisper of a wind so much as breathed a gentle murmur at the close of day.

Not a stirring of the earth from end to end existed for that holy stay.

I raised my head and lifted my eyes,

Entranced in the beauty of predusk skies,

And so, my soul was stilled, and I at peace.

The sunset's crystal hand drew back the brilliant hues of day without a sound.

A veil of silky night descended, grey, from heaven's roof to kiss the ground.

I caught my breath; I lifted my gaze.

My thoughts fled back through the misty haze,

And through, and through, before the earth was born.

I dreamed awhile, and, in my pondering,

Imagined how the preexistence was.

I looked upon the curtain in the dusk;

A few bright stars were hung there...

I slipped into my dream.

I seemed to step into the mist

That rose into the August night,

Up to the dusky moonlit veil, and there, I seemed to pause.

I heard my name in a gentle voice,

And I had neither fear nor fright.

"My child"the caller spoke, "you may come in, but must return."

I left my misty carrier and passed beyond the dusky veil into another world,

And, filled with awe, I stared at this familiar emptiness, my memory unfurled.

In splendid beauty all around me was

The stilly space, this sacred wealth

As yet unscarred by human pelf.

I stood transfixed, so strange was this, my being where I knew Vd been before

With spirits, some now veiled in flesh on earth, and some still waiting at the door.

I wandered forth without a guide

And then, another at my side Said, "Come, Vm only here to visit too."

He took my hand in his and led me forth

Among the holy wonders of that world.

The song of all creation, ringing out

Mortality and progress...

Eternity and more.

"Here Father did create us both

And taught us love and joy and truth.

Here the foundations of a plan were laid to guide us home.

We would leave this first estate, And grow, if we chose, in a mortal life,

And tread, if we chose, on a rocky road that would lead to eternal life."

40 Improvement Era

By Leonie Robyn WoodVHISPER I seemed to hear the strains of what my heart knew was a song of praise that I myself had sung,

Recalling how it burned with my soul when Father heard his children sing, and bells had rung;

There kindled now the fire again,

And I thought, how sweet and warm the flame.

Then I saw tears in my companion's eyes.

"Do you recall, 11 he spoke again, "the time when Father told us that a Savior must be sent?

That some of us would know him, and would love him well, while some of us would shun the words he lent?

And wisdom fall upon deaf ear,

And all mankind would quake and fear

In terror of the judgment's dread decree?"

He asked us, "Who will go and Savior be

To those who will return to me again?

But you must choose; I will not force you home.

Lucifer, the greedy?

Or Jesus, king of love?"

And how we loved the humble one,

The Firstborn of our Father's heirs,

Who reverently, and meekly, sought the glory for our God;

While Lucifer, the angry one, Sought the power of Father's throne

And with his hosts did war with us; and Michael's host did grieve.

And when the earth and deeper sea, and wider sky and valley were created, we were there.

We saw Jehovah's hand bring into being the sunrise and the twilight, yet the world was bare.

Oh, then, what wonder he bequeathed

To all the breath of life he breathed,

-> And all the winds of destiny bowed down!

So much lay far before us, and we longed for just the chance to test our faith and strength and love.

"And here,"he said, as he turned to me, "We prayed that our love might someday be.

Somewhere, somehow, we knew we'd meet again.

The paths we were to take were so unclear,

And what the future held was still too dim.

We could not see ahead, we did not know;

And yet, we knew we trusted, And we knew that Father cared."

Unspoken wonder filled my soul

In kneeling at my Father's feet.

And so, uplifted, turned I to the gentle August wind. TOP AWARD

We parted, still to meet on earth,

The man whom I would love, and I,

With Father's plan, a prayer of hope, a tear of joy, a song.

July 1967 41 'WILFORD! MARY JANE! STOP THAT THIS who had easily accomplished those little things

INSTANT!"that didn't seem difficult until you had to do them

One would think she had enough to do, keeping yourself.

house for a family of five, without having to stop As Clarissa moved grimly about her work, she every few minutes to settle a quarrel. glanced up to view the morning sun flooding the

Resuming her work, Clarissa's thoughts convalley, giving brillance to the little pioneer settletinued. Only fifteen and already responsible for ment. The creek bubbled hurriedly toward the

the wellbeing of a whole family! Always she fields as if anxious to help the young green shoots

must cook, wash, mend, or clean, until there was wiggle their way upward. Papa and John were

no time left for anything she really enjoyed doing. hitching Old Nell to the plow in the far field,

Life had cheated her, she thought. Others her age the last one to be planted. Mary Jane and Wilford

didn't have to be worrying about making the were playing peacefully for a short time anyway, flour last until Papa could spare John long enough under the trees.

to take the wagon and bring more from the mill, A few months ago this peaceful picture would or keeping Wilford's worn overalls patched until have filled her with a love for life. Before Mama

there was money to buy more. It wasn't fair! had died, everything seemed to be perfect. DreamHow did God decide who was to live and who

was to die? Why, out of the many who had been

stricken with the fever, did Mama have to go?

Mama, who had managed everything so smoothly,

Family Girl

By Bonnie Muirbrook

4r

it

iff- > * **&..:*

ily, she remembered those happy days. There death, he had been afraid the extra responsibility

had been work to do, but Mother had been there would be too much for Clarissa, and he had tried to direct. to make it as easy as he could.

The Johnsons had been the nearest neighbors, Now Clarissa spoke sharply, as she told himand Maggie was her age. Together they had exshe must have more flour if she were to continue *

plored the realms of childhood, from mothering to prepare meals.

dolls to being heroines of an Indian ambush. "John, hitch Nell to the wagon and bring some

Their friendship blossomed as they walked hand flour from the mill."

in hand into their teens. Looking back to those "What about the plowing?"asked John.

good times made the present seem more burden- "I'll prepare the ditches while you are gone, some than before. Maggie was back east now and and we'll finish the plowing when you return,"

not subject to the hardships of pioneer life. her father answered tiredly.

Clarissa was startled from her daydreams by A pang of guilt made Clarissa turn away. It

Wilford's rather demanding voice, "Sissy, I'm was time the plowing was done, and Papa needed hungry! Isn't it time for dinner?"John's help. She could get along—well, she didn't

This practical question brought her hurriedly care; no one worried about her problems.

to the realization that Papa and John would be "Clarissa, remember to get the children's clothes coming in from the field. As she began preparaready for church tomorrow."

tions for the noon meal, her resentment still "Yes,"thought Clarissa, "I do not do what I smoldered. want, but what I must."

She greeted her father and brother almost Her resentment flared anew as she thought coldly as they washed up at the basin on the of all the work confronting her in order to preporch. All through the meal she was gloomy and pare the children for tomorrow. Insisting that

cross, adding to her father's burden. William Mary Jane and Wilford do the dishes, she heated

Thomas was finding it difficult to adjust to this the flatirons on the stove and pressed Mary Jane's new life without his wife, and the suddenly withbest gingham. Next came Wilford's "other"

drawn, resentful attitude of his elder daughter pants, a white shirt each for Papa and John, and worried him considerably. Ever since Rachel's then her own muchworn dress.

By that time Wilford and Mary Jane had finished the dishes.

"Sissy, let's go pick berries,"begged Wilford.

"Then you can bake us a pie for supper,"chimed in Mary Jane.

"I can't just run off and leave all this work;

e

TOP AWARD

I / f

besides, you haven't watered the garden yet, and a source of happiness, especially during the dark you promised you would. Get the pails and run days after her mother's death. Again her eyes

along,"retorted Clarissa. penetrated the undergrowth and the bubbling

Crestfallen, the children took the pails from the stream of water. Finding nothing there, she

hooks by the door and walked dejectedly from the turned to examine the surrounding landscape. The

room. emptiness that confronted her caused her to point

"I don't care,"thought Clarissa hotly. "I her steps toward the far field and Papa.

haven't time, and besides, they might as well The weeds grew rank and close to the wheel learn that life is just hard work."ruts and seemed to wave tauntingly in the wind,

She put the irons up to cool, sewed the missing as though they were daring her to find what she button on John's shirt, and, as she attacked the sought. Ahead, the hardpacked trail ended

basket of mending, became more and more ababruptly in soft sand as it dripped into the old sorbed in her selfpity. wash. The weeds, too, disappeared, causing her

The afternoon wore on; and as Clarissa became to sight the small form asleep against the bank.

aware of the lateness of the day, she marched She was upon him instantly, waking him with quickly toward the door, reaching automatically her happy tears. "Sissy, don't cry,"protested

for the water pail. The empty hooks seemed to Wilford, as she stood him up and brushed the

prick her heart as she realized how long it had sand from his clothing. Hand in hand, they

been since she had heard the headed back toward the children's voices. cabin and Mary Jane, who

She lost no time in had followed as fast as reaching the side of the her short legs would allow.

cabin, where she viewed As they reached the the garden, only half cabin, Clarissa could see watered. The pails were John unloading the flour

gone, too. The fears that from the wagon. "Clarissa,

instantly grasped Clarissa Papa and I are hungry. We

were stopped almost as haven't been playing all day, suddenly as they began, as you know,"reprimanded

Mary Jane's voice broke the John as he handed her a stillness. "Sissy! Sissy!"As letter. The sharp retorts

Clarissa turned, Mary Jane rounded the side of the she was used to giving died in her throat, and she house. "Sissy, where's Wilford?"spoke gently. "Of course, John. I'll hurry."

The question brought the fears racing back. She tucked the letter into her apron, though she

Her heart thumped loudly in the stillness as she was curious to know its contents.

tired to control her voice. She knelt down near After the supper work was done and the

her sister and tried to remain calm as she asked, younger children safely in bed, Clarissa joined her "Hasn't he been with you?"father and brother by the fire. Silently she

Wild pictures flashed through Clarissa's mind opened the letter and began to read. Her father

as Mary Jane explained, "We went to the creek to glanced up. "From Maggie?"he asked. Clarissa

pick berries. I got tired and went to sleep. When nodded and continued to read.

I woke up he was gone."She laid the letter down and once again her

She was running so fast her breath came in father spoke. "How are the Johnsons?"She

short gasps. The creek! The very word caused read the paragraph softly

her to tremble. Wilford had been warned many "I'm with Aunt Abigail, and Susie's staying

times not to get too near the edge. As she ran with our cousins in Boston. The boys are scatshe called frantically, praying for an answer. Her tered among my grandparents and my uncles.

eyes searched the bushes desperately, then turned Papa's job on the barge makes it impossible for to the clear water. Relief flooded her mind as us to be together. How I long for a family once

she viewed the undisturbed area—but only momenmore. It seems years since mother died and we

tarily, as she realized he was still missing and were together."

could be almost anywhere. As Clarissa folded the letter, her eyes met with

Continuing along the creek bank, the guilt first her father's, then her brother's.

weighted her soul like a waterladen sponge. WilThe little cabin seemed to glow in the fireford, the youngest of the family, had always been light.

44 Improvement Era TOP AWARD

Attractions By Andrew Gibbons

There is one love

that lifts a soul to heights And one that draws the heart in jumps

to its beloved;

July 1967 45 [HE STORY IS TOLD of a woman who dreamed throughout her life of taking an ocean voyage.

After many years of hard work she finally saved enough money for a week's cruise. The amount

was only enough for the ticket, however. There

was none left over for extras. The woman decided to go ahead with her plans despite her lack

of funds. She packed enough cheese and crackers

to last through the voyage and started out with the other passengers.

The cruise proved to be most enjoyable for the woman, except at mealtime. Every day, while

her friends dined luxuriously in the banquet hall, she would remain on the deck with her cheese and crackers. Finally the trip came to an end

and the passengers disembarked, thanking the captain and crew for their service. On her way

off the boat the woman passed a steward who looked at her with a most puzzled expression.

"Pardon me,"he said, approaching politely. "I

don't believe I ever saw you join us for dinner.

You weren't ill?"

Slightly embarrassed, the woman explained her financial predicament and told how she had solved the problem.

The steward's confusion turned to surprise.

Almost regretfully he showed the woman her ticket. "Your meals came with the price of the

cruise,"he explained. 'They were free!"

This story has done much in helping me become more keenly aware of my "ticket"and its "extras"that are sometimes so easily overlooked.

I live in a great country, my body is sound and healthy, and, most important, I have a religious birthright.

Like many people who are born into the Church,

By Verlynne Insley I have often been guilty of taking its blessings for granted. I learned all the lessons while growing up, and soon realized I was part of a good

thing. But, while the banquet hall was nearby,

I remained on the deck, nibbling.

One summer, after much parental persuasion,

I began to read the Book of Mormon. Suddenly I

was fascinated. For the first time I discovered

some of the "extras"that the truth offers. I was

thrilled as I read and watched the prophecies and scriptures fall into place with the overall gospel plan. To my enthusiastic exclamations, Mother's

only comment was, "It's been on the shelf all the time."

46 Improvement Era Later, as a stake missionary, I delighted in watching other people experience these same joyful moments of recognition. The gospel was all

so simple and true. People who were unaware

of it were surely missing the most important dividends in life. How thrilling it was to explain

the truth to those who were tired of "cheese and crackers."

In reality, the saddest waste of opportunity is found within the Church. Here the tickets read

"noble birthright,"and with their price comes wealth unlimited, a fortune that often goes unrecognized and unclaimed or is sold for a fraction of its worth.

While working at a college cafeteria, a friend of mine became involved in a serious dilemma. One

hectic day a convention from Nevada added 500 lunches to the normal student total, which involved handling a great amount of extra money. When

the cafeteria finally closed and the cash registers were totaled, my friend found to her dismay that she was twenty dollars short. She recounted

several times, but with no change in the total.

Another cashier also counted the money with the same result. My friend took the money to the

manager's office and then went home, fully expecting to be without a job the following day, for she had no way to make up the sum. When she

found no separation notice waiting the next morning, however, my friend curiously asked about the missing money.

"It was the funniest thing,"the manager laughed. "We all made the same mistake. You'll

never guess. We had been counting silver dollars

as fiftycent pieces. I guess we just aren't used

to money from Nevada!"The error was a simple

oversight, but what a difference it made in the final outcome. The mistake also taught a lesson.

The blessings we take for granted as members of the Church can be, and often are, only oversights* but the total loss registered will be far more than twenty dollars, and the lesson is often learned too late. How wise we all would be to

look hard and long at the riches within our grasp, making certain we are not subsisting on cheese when we could have steak, or seeing mere fiftycent pieces when we are holding silver dollars.

The matter is worthy of consideration and thought, for how pathetic it would be to realize TOP AWARD too late what we had within our power—when our

stomachs are empty, the voyage is over, and there's no turning back.

July 1967 47.:

an*"**

I 8 Era of Youth Writing Contest

Scholarships and Cash Awards We want you to enter..

Three separate competitions

Enter the one for the college you are interested in attending

Brigham Young University Ricks College Church College of Hawaii All three schools are awarding full and partial scholarships for the best young writers.

(Please note: No entries from the mainland USA will be

accepted for the Church College of Hawaii scholarships.)

Eligible Entrants:

High school seniors (196768) Collegeage (under 25 years of age on January 1, 1968)

Rules:

Original poetry, short stories, or feature articles should be typewritten on white paper 8 x 11 inches, doublespaced, on one side of the paper only.

Each entry must be designated by a pen name and must be accompanied by a sealed envelope containing:

1. The author's actual name, age, home address, title of entry, and a walletsize

photo..'..'

2. The following statement: "This work is original,"signed by the author.

(Original means that it is the work of the writer and not something copied from some other source or planned or written by others.)

At the top of the first page of the manuscript, the author should write either BYU,

RICKS, or CHURCH COLLEGE OF HAWAII, to designate which school he/she would be interested in attending if the entry merits a scholarship award.

Entries must be mailed to the Era of Youth Writing Contest, 79 South State Street,

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111, postmarked not later than December 31, 1967.

Winning entries become the property of The Improvement Era. The Era reserves

first publication rights to all entries. Payment for nonwinning entries will be made

upon publication. No entries will be returned.

All entries should be suitable for publication in The Improvement Era.

48 Improvement Era By Ruth C. Ikerman

Illustrated by Jeanne Lindorff

One of the joys of my life centers For over an hour I sang, totally in the hymns I learned as a child undisturbed and feeling completely in Sunday School. Never a soloist, alone on my little island of depres-

I have received great satisfaction in sion. Then I went indoors, rested

being a humble part of the chorusenough by the comfort of the in a church choir, in a college glee hymns to fall into a deep but club, and with the birds outside troubled sleep.

my kitchen window. Next morning there was a knock

When I am discouraged or worat the door. There stood the

ried, I go out to my garden and slightly known neighbor, looking pick up a watering hose and sing wan and pale. She moved shakily

myself into a better mood by huminto a chair. "I came to thank you

ming the tunes or voicing the for singing those glorious hymns.

words of hymns. You will never know how much I

Sometimes I have to sing loudly needed them."

to remind myself of the promises I told her I had thought I was of faith and deliverance. Never singing to myself to keep up my

was the need more urgent than on own courage. "You strengthened

a hot night of summer several me,"she said. "I learned yesterday

seasons ago when I went out into that I must have extensive medical the dark while a loved one slept care and must move from here to inside, recovering from illness. live with my daughter. I was lying

I was tired and discouraged, and in bed fighting the move with all the tension showed in my voice. my heart. Now it is all right, and

How fortunate it was, I thought, I can do what is necessary."

that everybody within listening disWhen she left I reflected anew tance was away. One neighbor how we are a part of each other in

was at the beach, another at the i this life and that it matters indeed nearby mountains, a third vacahow well we bear our own burtioning in another state. The little dens, for unknown to us someone

house on the side street was commay be needing us for strength and pletely dark, so I supposed this courage.

neighbor whom I knew but slightly Out of my temporary discourwas away also. agement and heartache I had sung

Thus isolated, I started to sing, the hymns of faith, love, and but my voice broke. Again I tried courage for my neighbor who

and had to give it up as a bad job. needed their solace, too. I deterFinally, with almost a yell, I made mined to remember that there is

a third attempt and managed to special blessing in facing life with keep to the tune. a hymn in my heart. O

July 1967 49 i r < 1i ( I

630C 630B to the Docavail- Public D.C.

office; *W J3 available available a Documents Where of o Documents, c - o CD of

no. no. 2 oo CO aas P* CQ <d (see <4H M "0 clerk CD C

Records, equivalent O o0303I-H Washington, $1 03 630A-1 of of

Records, Records, publication publication 03 CD 3 rtin a OOcD Superintendent statistics & "CJs tja >O statistics;:% no. or bfl 3 a Marriage o I Superintendent ao,

Superintendent Death Divorce Office, clerk, -31 CDa Service Service T3 vital 03 O a publication < vital the 03 % Tn 3, 2Eo 03.a I for o and for e/]

town to of 0) rt Printing 03 *

Health the Health cs the +> aen W Write <>< of Write

Birth a ca a 03 aO writing to id to Service court, - registrar '-a registrar bC fl W ScS rt e to Gov't to enaau Public Public for >, a writing a writing 13 CD s * 5 by 1 aaou probate uments) Where Where Health Write 20402) o

State CD State >>a) <+h able (see See U.S. \y -a by by C/3r-t tJD rJS HC,.3 s 3 s k P J o

of of of of 2 (since person menoccu- inoccu- burial, birth; names, N

children, date of > marriage; 03 place description g> names, Q 3 J2o

length of t- 13>.a o *> 4J 03 of C2 3K death, ena

of place couple; 03 13 residence, of zo D 03a 03 residence and parents'property, r. information

place U witnesses, ages a of ao ft I -a place a "0 B> filing, < o'and J* of ceremony, 03 residence, Co o date given) place 13 2 en cj 03 ages, O and of a03 and %t3 p= and of T3 -a date T3 all in CO and CD 03O en03 03 ages, is ft13 *a death;

residence 13!-c

names and date 'S date birth name, names, 8 6cz rulings.2 date, o a name 03 date performed 1900 distribution name, above S '"fa date of of 13 o bC. ft 13>Oo CD O

sometimes u 03u parents, parents'en marriage, pations residence, approx formant, Deaths: pation, Names, places Names,

Births: | rS custody 3 tioned cause -M rr*ID birth, 032 1-M who a.> and

J* 5 O fi aoJ-, 'is 'S a13 aO 13 en or 03ft M ft T3 CD or 1850present 1865present 1900present 1910present present o to to o <d a 92 03 CD cS tS 13 town hiO3 formation town formation en Approx Kg present present 03 ri3 +j 1907- 3 county O county H "ao From From So of ofCO r oj aO03 CD -*-1o3 feQ C England.2 ft03

Regis- M-lza'O a a West."3 bo a03 3 HOa,o and S3>O ojo 3O03 i2.3 bfl BIRTH DEATH RECORDS (State tration) CD 03a m O 03 ft f-K New Eastern Midwest Far Southern 2os

a 2 1. CN CO SO CD> 03>03 035 '*"T3 be "*< 3 i—03

a a a t T3 13 en 1 CJ.2 0303Jh fl 03CD T3 3"S 3 aoi a Jo 03 o 2 a. o03 o3 a bC T3MO0313 s-i ss03 i CD i—enao n a O cDOC

>> 03 u -! a uo en en s a3 T3

'[H T3O a s 1 035re.aj a 13 B ap enC3 ft ft >H0J 3 * J

Sj 2 '3 OU *503 'ca a 03 hiacv; S C/3+-1 03M P 13

CC o X M-i 032 03 "3-2 CDft 03 as bo -cJ 03ft fc> 03 1)a 03 t303 a13fi T3gSCS b > bC >, >oo en e cd -a S c,a*J O 2 i—a.2 xi ra,pe 3U m03o

CS fc*ft aJB03 r-"S S r >dS k> 02 to 03 02 03 bo fa (8 OB T3 a.2 0> i—S 'S aso muo CDO 4) a f-lO J3 3 rj 5h Pc3 oJh t-i m03 oo03 Oo03 01.S 03o O +J cj03u CJ H c bo O 03 cd03 S 02 0! 'boo 03 03U '3 4—1O 5h OB03 bo boP O 02 03 bC U P) CD o 03 T3 02 03 sa 02 fH +3 i—m03,rf ft Sh03 OQ m o >> sao H tf P 4-l bo 03.2 PIo1-1 ou f, CJ03 +J 03 +J +j 05o Sh cd i-4 p 03 cj 03 0J d rP olcj om O bo.2 -P a a 03 o T3 g 1—Un3CD I-H 031* 03 W 03 J? 03 T3 e m m>-i I-H Pi r—CO a oCJ er (M P03 fHw

03.>s03 o 03 O o o 'P.-5 T3 O =4-1 103 03 03>OCJ5h 03 bo T5 a

50 Improvement Era 8 - v

o> O (A XI>> So ajfi

c/foj XIa;>> S| I -aS 3 l*oJ Q o P *&*

< s.. 13 S ZSs is 25v

e ga—1 cS >> U—

m: s a 5 S Z S I* o ft |i|

i<a ia a i 3 "—<> - '3 II GO

s=X"03-.da e.g. < a S 3 8 1 B oj B-sll'-S MS S H >s a

.is - a I 6bs o 5 IIa r-i

.3 -S8 Si I SIS 03.5!f II 'Geo OQ a Sa.3 < cc a S H

00 o J'S.gSg O C.P

<fl - si sSii Za> tisgS'SC iS 3 3 B 3 C 1 5 - 2 c o '<5 3 30) S o e 5 o S u 2Sa "c5 q c T3 d me o-S- zo -% 3 21.S

TJ OSS 5 3;e s* |3( BCO < &S lis c o I i a. oJ 1- - a C s t. X, i "S STrt OSo 23 a 2S M (1)& X

'-a a 3a E5 a z"H d> w* SC 13a *! a o C—= S CDOJ CO PL,oa 26 E oSg'is8e oe "s a c...2ur.Sf 5 o*> II I03 *a, 7Po5 60!6 ZS

2os S OS'S s 8 <23 >.

>h 03

03 "J a.Ots

ao0,0 "?f-H 03Q03 coO a J<;o3QDSDOS6Q03OS-

O c Q Z HPS h oosii So3 O3O0S

2=*zn - I* J3 Bro 8ft. co w <-c

—.2 si ZS:a | z5a Jj 5 S Zi =

OS<J > = aa C CO ic a

rri > * s c 1t aj. 93 xa; OS is =XU3C 2X<"03a—K 01c x 30

o- "p S >CO - 1X XJJO O S s! cc <h s Z ES. H o 1 e-

,S3 f3 o 0) oj o 3 3.5 o o o o i.5g "SS,ifg. 3 a z CO oo"CM g'&a j! Sa2n ol. cyE E 53 H '

! 5a..-; o E 53 Jill Sao!* s S c * 5 i r > c—a g oi c. o—c nj c S o a) >/ lisS a 55.(1 3 a

1 1 E2SU oo 2 xo c e -P o J3 aac m MS 3 S 2Ka-3 2*00 S a- 1S 1 3cc eobcd 8 s a "*.*. S zo S -T3 3 gg g w tr 8 c 5 '.P.T3 uB 4J. "s S O) IT'SOJ s C H g g t? 1-28'16y free housel -g! J > <—U I C E J3DSS- JlOj, Q - P a 3-f-a "5 s3 3 acO j3 * of B iS 13 sOS males c3 S 10?oc >S x 3cj >,J of -o o mo9 2 =o a3 S c4; s 3 |"*-"XJ fx, * -5 c -S. 1 coStu a;a>-,-0) g I pC 3 X I Z gj n w umber "-a-H II'J 2 T, head 5l3 j Xij- >4J ma> cCO c IT5bD"C hite T3 a = o - a 3!?J1i * a o o fs. 'a -Is? ti ** e ft S I -( 11 3 =S3 a oj c; <u a—g '0) *-.5 c a

, * 't, -- "9 m a"*"., -i1 free a!h So o-S*-o C S S

wards, > Name -o <D i T ScTO w CO.5 J3 ** > Ess "c E3 -2 3 a.> '! of HfccOJ raCo -;j vj 5 g *Ogo si: 3 3c u—o uo S u 3 cS 8 &3 a 2 e i

gw li

J BSw o DSDOS<03Q03 tos QZOH03OWWWfc. CJOS

July 1967 51

to in re- (GS) tilc form 20408); General recon- > Archives

prior $sL-0) to2 genealogical gM be some a.. 3CJ—'

some 33 been Archives to ccu D.C. 03 M files may CfiO - U b)

print, custody; have National '

writing J"m.- OJ

4) pension tm3O SJ'S churches; *S E National

Washington, in 41 (GS) 9.

some (information O local '5 4) by J lists a records;/; but film of

federal -p -a * E8. 3< - 5 u available

societies; on

Administration, many M p1> completing Services, state

OJ> en41> Archives destroyed depositories Si a some g IS --E Original <>< 288, -a: c S.-W from a;

archives; < J <

historical Records by

were (GS); "cO c '*"NAR—CO c

National 4i quested C 'Services.a

structed Central Is NOTE. >,C 1813 print

state J ccdOJc and 1 and no. wj

CO IX '-3COZ 11

'3 ifi O a O c.S"S c p g p HQ ||.9| ISJE a- -9 5 o *J.cy COB "h > '-a Za> E -a Ogjcjco 3 = -Si s jo s E 41 = i |"to D s 3 E-J *- g-ccl g.S.2B.a -4i C - a2 oj be 63tafbe y s 'tis * *g -u 3 o o i5C a c 2O..if- s-t a> co *3 iS =- S ""a o cubo8a - -..SP.2 & i! "o a, ofa J,e P tig 5S M5 +i E4i co o E - Sg4 co 2 T3 O of 1E'c*.2 * 8 S s n'2S.j.5 * C S5"c <.2 "3. i-B -s fiQ-- -s - g egs| ECO T3 B, s I ti E -a Js-S ao. v. a i "".a 3 s c i1 c a s.ssLsbS p. -". e -2Ba "eo S 'C'. x: s E.v:. "s S i a.s? uf -g 5 2 15 > B >T3 g 4i -5 cu st c P'S S "5 e "S'e a S C =|1 ill ll jjg ill CD CO -. a OSoWz -2 eBE'SaJJS-C'""'> f-gl. M a g* B. 2.M S E -0 tc-b, Cc g-g H "8 k 2 >, cu">JS. P3,0-4C S 2 S 41E CD.2 -c | g K 1 -5"B 5E3B*3 >/ CU a?J lc - ow j-- co o -c S S 13 4. 5*82 ea So c-o tta c CBe -=3 a 5 =s|E bS2 8 0.> pE 1- J. 2 i-G > a -SPb3"i;:s.n s.3 e if iSlsaCjojjj: V3 5 4 QA-2.ffl 2e<eoi as to iSSOa.uoc aiHi oi So >a<a

S E O c S-s-sinj O o x * 4> c E - COE "O*> Eo.2 *jS?,o E35 l.s w > i E3!t-

Ct, 3. C Q. illli$ O.9O O a-.t>io 12r-—a o a GO El. O

WQ i ok Q wo So &o a Z<>DOS 55 KODoIK ho:aa WW

00 o

s en mo JCC ifiv co O e o beE 13E W -SS >< s z- 2 >>s ojrj 3.,Qj

OJ co DO< O S3o -al!

<>< t E S fti'BeBS.1

41 *j ffH oE3is"o oj

| - o o i.&d jf

41 gil oIUbD wCU zK> E v 5 J-E cu O o.2 3 I B T3 COE E C S CO Oa. B41 E'55OJ 3 zo tS JE +J <H o h- 1.1 5O

cl S-g-3 0'3 O:'cu2OS 32.E.2 * cu E | E-o p<

41 SJajBo -a *J a2 1M 3 S *B- co e- 2 "3 co H l,"BS. | -Q 3 ft o UI O Cl >2-S a 1 9COa M -BE.Jj—Plf

-a * 'R OSc -..St! H 3 e e 1 i-s CO 3 "O u.c.2 E J5 j5 Z ilsil * 8 T5 1 a 1 f o -o - t/f =2co "-4)> CO cu* lLS - > C M u.O 3 "g S o 1*8 >) S Ecu E rf '-3 w S3 -2 0! -Eg J HE E E 3 S 3 hI|I I!&& ||2l

I 3 1E Z IS sa is IS'o 3 -sill 03

2os IsEb - F;X ill 1

fedOOS Q Wpa<as ooOS HO0,0s- w cooooOSHoos 3os

52 Improvement Era s I i 9. 1 I

c co

to g5 d 5 o ca as cB 03C CD> "S 3 sc "5g <m > >H.s o J ftPCD ff"s

Cfl s ffl< c cCD CD oj CD ffl -j-. <>< 6 @ li> 9 3o IF u si S"S e *en J -2 a < c o a |2O O en 5 c > 3ca of 2- CD ports Z place

arrival, CD 'TS O 03 > intenplace -81

4-> 03 <M 3 r9O > >2 1 and which living, occupation, zo and < children departure in court date 8*rfS CD IoIDU be residence, filed, CD of 5 G spouse, SKOz1—1 ship, i-H T3

<d mh 50CD a ft dates cm1 was naturalization H of Eno CD 03—c—> a < rs-Q s

birth, (A bC J 03 enCDCJ d Hi Name, name h s C tion and CDw CD uO of CDbCD h T3 CD CDS O CD CD 83 S.cW> & I Co 03 J

+J CD 5 - s55 3 iH<> 03 33 p2 s SCDOCD I & s CD.0.So o ft COz S o O35 J -h -8 COcft 5<1) M-cs ac CJ- >H CD rg S e 63 as 3 4 )V a o cd 3o r 3 &cd -a+J I—.a DO c MH -C M < HB s RECORDS o NATURALIZATION E-co (Cont) aocj cdft X s

18. s z BJ

B? C -Si > boot

coiC 3u a s a cogO—'oW

75 J 8 5J!U CO.a S-2 8-'g I StScj

fe, o g XI CO o; sN 13 B a a O

1: e cb O—jc-B- S MCJ 4) 5< 8 coCJ B $< oa J 5 CO B ill If -coZ C co'g -* *—'"+j."| o- - c'o S 9.g 2 73 B 13S co -a2 & 13.2 <>< 1"It OJ jo "Jo lia CJQJ y> C S si = 111—Hi C3 ico l&f c co"o.c to—aj SZ a"Sis

S.a > a o g 2 B- S3 8? t 5'ED,o OIII <r ft?! co (/) 63 C a, 0- CO 5 Ea a bZ a—li 0= X

C * T3:-2 c Z 'suns o s a CO b AS,P S el 2 i ggE-Q n 1 pB aB cB a,x g 18 TJ y ] i S g > Bali -a B u m e t, CJB -2 co CO ta AS 3 ft B 2! (t pE "t: e 1 8 c "a cU"D Q o * B i 1 l S?'i g,J e3CJ o "Si *4 of to zo "S..S 8—KS o s3. -g | 1 o siojs ra a '8 TO0) r )C 8w B -a -w If18 B—*S OJ CO -i -Stj B

CU T3 < I2 "a; a,o sis S b CU ab es: C ib C < s 6m l -a 1-9 ac,9.1j3 I - a 1 |-|js gb50 am. P 8 Co—i-.2 = 3 2 < 'd n I Sh c-2 o 8 gJ= c5 8 k % o COe. - B'C-a ea B S M C o8 iS c 3 -s 8 gT= Cj3 4 O CT3 O g B TO 0 cpa f| u 1 lilt! *i TIC B M03 BB aC o3 i*T3 SS s g cS 13 n 5R CO S>CO 45'&.2TJ ifl oj be—O O u "3

if 5 8 1 o -i a S & Tjf a?i?CJ - S'S 3 JS a> O.ao M.S c 13 glag* 1 3 "Ws PM 9H sot. *4 8- p.s-S 8 3 35 > S x 1 p 3 g i! HIcq - O, *0 O QQ **1h oj O T3 13.3 E I 23 b (USy m gS OtjEca I6 >i o.2a 3 * a 5 |Z

.gcC aW—CB *jr"a rl O."Q.T3o co 2 aS, i'a "2 B = 5 1,2 lis.

o o CD Ohh COft 1*811fco CJ ft*j &H.2 COft 3a g 8 una

c Oh wH><63 eC i-3 CO -S o EH"co Q COQS3 bqC C 88 co"KWHO dpi gig HOCIhCJ CUSco

Hf;cD 33 <63iS W 0063 63<Oh CD Zft, C-Jffi fe 3SEPS-h zE2

U5

July 1967 53

Forgotten

By Derek Dixon Reformer On November 25, 1695, the prelates and divines of

Oxford University met in solemn convocation and roundly condemned a certain Dr. Sherlock for preaching heretical doctrines in the university chapel. Dr.

Sherlock had stated in one sermon that the godhead consisted of three separate and distinct individuals!

Not only was Dr. Sherlock condemned verbally;

"counterblastes"were also written containing long extracts from earlier works in an attempt to brand

Dr. Sherlock as heretical. One of these "counterblastes"was a pamphlet translated from the Latin

in 1567. A copy of the 1696 edition, which defames

Dr. Sherlock, is in the Birmingham Reference Library,

Warwickshire, England.

The title page says: "A Short history of Valentinus

Gentilis the Tritheist, tryed, condemned, and put to r* *r + * death by the Protestant Reformed City and Church of Bern in Switzerland, for asserting the Three Divine

Persons of the Trinity, to be Three distinct, eternal spirits."life of Gentilis *%f<m<wse*<m-**z- A short but biased synopsis of the ',**: a**- x* then follows. He was born at Campania, near Naples,

Italy, and as a young man he went to Geneva where he fell in with a group of Italians who had been banished because of their religious beliefs. They

preached a new doctrine—that the Trinity consisted

of three separate and distinct beings. After a short

period of intense study, Gentilis joined the group and began to preach the new doctrine. In 1558 the

authorities arrested him, making the following charges "1 ) That he dissented from us, and all the orthodox in the doctrine of the trinity.

"2) That he had thrown many scandalous and unheard of imputations upon our church, and charged her with heresie....

"3) That his writings contain many impious blasphemies, frequently used by him in his disputes concerning the trinity...."

Gentilis was forced to recant—on the threat of

,, Illustrated by death—and submitted to the following:

I Travis Winn

Improvement Era

"First, That you shall be stript close to your Shirt, thors of the pamphlets] Judge to be false."It then

then barefoot and bareheaded shall carry in your continues hand a lighted Torch, and by God's pardon and "And now we desire the whole church of God, ours on your knees, by confessing yourself maliciously and the piety of all succeeding ages to judge of the and wickedly to have spread abroad a false and following position, wherein he [Valentinus Gentilis] heretical doctrine; but that you do now from your does either by an impudent prevarication scandalize

heart detest and abhor those abominable, lying, and bespatter us, or, which is far worse, impiously blasphemous books you composed in its defence; in blaspheme God.

testimony whereof you shall cast them with your own "And first, he calls the Trinity [that is, the doctrine hands into the flames, there to be burnt to ashes; of three in one] a mere human invention,... and

and for more ample satisfaction we do enjoin you to be directly contrary to the Word of God.

led through all the streets of this city, at the sound "Secondly, he affirms, That the Father alone is that of the trumpet, and habited as before; and do strictly One only God, set forth to us in the Holy Scripture.

command you not to depart the city without per- "Thirdly, That the Son is not of himself, but of the mission."Father, to whom He is Subordinate as to His Maker.

Shortly after this Gentilis did depart the city—"Fourthly, The Father, Son and Holy Ghost are not

without permission. He fled to Lyons, France, where only three distinct Persons, but have also Three dishe collected evidences of his belief from the Greek tinct Essences or Substances.

and Latin fathers. He wrote a book, Antidotes, which "Fifthly, The Son was begotten by the Father,

was never published. according to his Substance, and differs from the

He traveled throughout France and finally stopped Father as a Subordinate Spirit.

at Gaium, Switzerland. Since he was not in the "Sixthly, There are in the Trinity Three Eternal

habit of keeping his convictions private, he was by Spirits, each of which is by himself God.

this time quite famous. Thus it is not surprising to "Seventhly, That these three Spirits differ from each

find the governor of Gaium demanding a confession other in Order, Degree, and Propriety of Essence."

of his beliefs, which document he would send to the For teaching these things Valentinus Gentilis was clergy at Bern. Gentilus wrote the confession, but sentenced to beheading by the Senate of Bern. And

he sent it to a publisher instead—and dedicated it to "as he was led out to execution, the obstinate wretch

the governor. did not cease to glory in his unruly and pertinacious

He then fled to Lyons, only to be imprisoned for stubbornness and expecting praise from it (as the two months. From there he went to Poland and spent Devil's martyrs used to do) never left off crying out,

two years "causing much strife because of his docThat he died a martyr for the Glory of the most trines."He returned to Gaium where, not surprisingly, high God...."

the governor promptly threw him into prison, and on What is most interesting is that in the fate of

June 2, 1566, he was ordered to Bern to be examined Gentilis we can see the fate of the gospel had it been by the Senate. restored in Europe instead of America. If such men

What were the doctrines that brought Gentilis as Gentilis were killed for teaching the truth about into such abuse and persecution? Chapter 5 of the God as they found it in the scriptures, what would

pamphlet written about him in 1567 has the statement have been the fate of such a man as Joseph Smith, that it "contain[s] some propositions taken out of his who said that he had seen "the Father and the Son"[Gentilis'] books of the Trinity, which we [the auface to face? O

July 1967 55 Trademark. Trademark "Atlas"Reg. U.S. Pat. Off., Atlas Supply Company

'%>>,.,. """'%.

If Super Tire isn't what it is, we'll losewe say more than a tire customer.

We'll lose a gasoline customer as well. Which we and

our dealers simply can't afford.

That's why our Amoco 120 Super Tire gives you 40% more traction than most newcar tires, for one thing. And was safety tested—and passed—at speeds

of 120 mph.

Ask to see it. You won't be surprised.

Because "You expect more from American—and

you get it!"*

AMERICAN OIL COMPANY——minin!

aim SIGN IN INK ABOVE. NOT VALID UNLESS SIGNEO BY CUSTOMER W

151 234 5bl 8 GOOD THRU JOHN GROSSPIETSCH 01 month

YEAR

The American Oil Company, 1967. World's largest distributor of Atlas tires

The LDS Scene

Microfilm Display in Miami National Officer Gold Medal Award Winner

The Genealogical Society sponsored a display booth Dr. Jay Slaughter of Ricks Gordon Burt Affleck,

at the National Microfilm Association convention in College will complete a managing director of Church

Miami, Florida, recently. The display depicted the twoyear term as national procurement, was recently

Church's extensive microfilming program. Brother president of Kappa Kappa presented the National

Van A. Neiswender, manager of the microfilm production Psi, national band Association of Purchasing

division of the Genealogical Society, explained to organization, in August. He Agents Gold Medal Award as

visitors the work done by the Church in microfilming will conduct the group's "a mark of esteem and apprerecords and storing them in the Granite Mountain convention at Fort Worth, ciation for his guidance to

Records Vault. Texas, August 2731. purchasing agents in America."

Visitors'Center at Harris Home

A new visitors'center is to be opened this summer at the Martin Harris home near

Palmyra, New York. Highlighted will be

Lion House Pioneer Memorial paintings, sculptures, and other exhibits pertaining to witnesses to the Book of The Lion House, one of Brigham Young's homes, is being remodeled

Mormon. Included among the exhibits is the for use as a social center by the YWMIA general board. The remodeling

painting (above) depicting Professor Charles includes removal of some of the partitions to make larger space

Anthon tearing the certificate he had areas and building of a cafeteria in the basement. The home will be

previously given to Martin Harris certifying furnished by the YWMIA with furniture of the pioneer period.

that the characters transcribed from the The Lion House is one of 48 sites selected as national historic landmarks plates were true characters and the by the advisory board on National Parks, Historic Sites, Buildings, translation was correct. and Monuments.

58 Improvement Era Apostle Completes Rotary Assignment

Elder Richard L. Evans of the Council of the Twelve

spoke to an estimated 17,000 Rotarians from 90 countries at the opening session of the international

Rotary convention at Nice, France, May 21. Elder

Evans has just completed his term as Rotary international president, after having traveled to more than 50

First Chapel on China Mainland countries during the past year in the performance of his duties.

President Hugh B. Brown of the First Presidency

dedicated the first chapel to be dedicated on the mainland of ancient China on April 16. It is located at Un Long

in the Honk Kong zone. The Un Long Branch has

a membership of 234 and is a part of the Southern

Far East Mission.

Federal Budget

Commission Chairman

David M. Kennedy, Chicago

banker and former member of the Chicago Stake Vicechancellor at UCSB presidency, has been apCharles Raymond Varley, pointed chairman of a a former high councilor in 16member commission in the American River Stake, the Johnson administration.

Days of '47 Royalty He will direct a study ofhas been named the new vicechancellor for Reigning over Salt Lake City's Days of '47 celebration how the federal budget is business and finance at the will be Marilee Christensen, a descendent of Utah prepared and presented to

University of California pioneers. She and her attendants, who were selected the public. He is currently

at Santa Barbara. He was from a field of 152 candidates in a contest sponsored chairman and chief

formerly assistant director by the Daughters of Utah Pioneers, will reign over events executive officer of the of the California Department commemorating the arrival of the Utah pioneers in Continental Bank and Trust of Public Works. Brother Salt Lake Valley July 24, 1847. Marilee is active Company of Chicago.

Varley, who was born and in the Millcreek 11th Ward in Salt Lake City. Her Brother Kennedy is also

reared in Salt Lake City, attendants, who are also descendants of pioneers, are chairman of the Brigham is married and the father of Gail Rich, Salt Lake City, and Linda Nickle, Young University national seven children. Delta, Utah. development council.

July 1967 59 Teaching Conducted by the Church School System

By Neil J. Flinders

Instructor, Ogden Institute of Religion Teaching

PART I

The statement teaching is a manner the teacher intended. This No philosophy accords man such

touching business infers two asassumption presumes the teacher is stature and importance as does that sumptions: (1) someone is to be capable of working with the student contained in the Church of Jesus

touched and (2) some techon an effective level—on a feeling Christ. Man is a literal child of

nique ( s ) or method ( s ) for touching level, on a level that touches the God. He is more than a subject of

the feelings and spirit of another emotional and spiritual systems as nature. He exists upon a selfperson exists. These two assumpwell as the intellectual or rational existing principle; but with the protions form a convenient division for powers of the student. gram provided by his Heavenly

discussing the process of effective Father, he is able to move through teaching in the religious education What Is Man? a series of developmental stages—

program of the Church. First, from a spirit being, to a mortal, to

what is the nature of the student—The answer a person provides to an immortal soul. This program

what is the nature of man? Second, the psalmist's query, "What is man we know as the eternal plan of salhow does one go about influencing that thou art mindful of him?"is vation. It encompasses man's prethe behavior of such a being? reflected in that person's social earth life, his earth life, and his

Part one of this article will treat attitudes and interpersonal relationpost-earth life.

the first question by reviewing four ships. For men and women who As a mortal being, man is in a

issues: ( 1 ) What is man? ( 2 ) How devote their lives to a work that probationary state—a state of being

does man learn? (3) What motivadeals primarily with helping man in which he is tested to see if he

tions for learning exist? (4) What come to know himself, his neighcan acquire those characteristics

is meant by the term religion? Part bor, and his Heavenly Father, the and attributes that will entitle him

two will discuss some of the chalanswer to the question is particuto become like his eternal parents, lenges that face religious educators larly vital. The religion teacher in worthy of retaining the power of

as they grapple with the task of The Church of Jesus Christ of procreation so that he might emtouching the lives of others. Latterday Saints is challenged to bark upon the task of bringing to

Teachers of religion are not incomprehend and adopt the most pass the immortality and eternal volved in just dispensive teaching; ennobling and positive definition life of his own posterity.

they are involved in directive teachof man; and, in turn, the definition Each individual, therefore, is iming—teaching that accepts the needs to be evidenced in the portant in terms of his eternal

responsibility to produce specific teacher's behavior. Acceptance of parentage. As a child of God, he

behavioral responses. This emphathe value and worth of the indiis a member of a heavenly family.

sis creates some rather unique vidual is the most fundamental preIn this eternal sense man needs challenges. It assumes that the requisite for successful teacher perGod, just as, in the mortal sense, he

teacher's influence will be reflected formance in the religious education needs earthly parents. Conversely,

in the student's behavior in the program of the Church. God needs man, just as a parent

60 Improvement Era Is a TbuchmgBusmess

needs children. The Father glories behavioral response. These stepof socialpsychological research,

in children who glorify and honor bystep technical descriptions of revelation, and man's life experihis name, not in children who rebel the relationships between mental ences.

against and dishonor him. He needs awareness and physical behavior The following are principles of

children who accept the other are providing beneficial insights to learning that provide guidelines for members of the family. He needs the educator that are making it religious educators:

children who behave in such a way possible to improve educational 1. Learning is the product of exthat they achieve success and find efficiency. The traditional assumpperience, and, in a broad sense,

joy and happiness. tions of psychology and physiology, experience of some type is preThis definition of man's relationhowever, have not taken into requisite to all learning. Whenever

ship to his brothers and sisters and account the premortal existence of there is experience, there is some to his God justifies a program of man. To this extent there is an kind of learning.

religious education. Man's purpose element of the unknown that is 2. Experience tends to produce

transcends mortality. Therefore, complicating the search to fully ideas or concepts, and, because

his training, if he is to achieve his comprehend how and why man man's capacity to reason is an inpotential, must transcend mortality. learns and behaves as he does. dividual power, the conclusions

This is the assignment of the reRecognizing the natural limitathat result from the thinking ligious educator. In order to aid tions of scientific research, it is still process will reflect some variation.

man in this quest, the teacher of possible to combine what has been 3. Experience and the subsereligion must be aware of and learned through research with what quent conclusions drawn from

adept at promoting the kind of has been revealed by the Lord, and experiences tend to create feelings learning that will help men and come up with an operational dewithin a person that determine his women progress according to the scription of the learning process. behavior.

eternal plan. Man must be touched Although this approach does not 4. Behavior that seems to satisfy

in such a way that he will respond offer an explanatory theory in the the individual tends to be repeated.

in harmony with his potential scientific sense, it does provide a 5. Patterns of behavior that redestiny. functional theory that is very sult from the experiences, ideas,

usable. A practical system of some feelings, and actions of a person

is necessary in guiding educatend to stabilize, and these patterns How Does Man Learn? type

tional endeavors if a professional constitute one's character.

There are numerous theories of performance is to result in the class- 6. Ideal patterns of behavior or

learning. Most of these are the room. The following set of princicharacter are those that cause a

results of attempts to analyze and ples is one way of stating some person to respond to life and its explain the technical process of rather selfevident conclusions that laws in ways that are in harmony idea acquisition and its effect on can be derived from an examination with truth and the eternal welfare

July 1967 61

of the individual. This is the ing experience. (Note: Educational its design provisions for integrating

achievement of perfection. This programs that are designed only to its educational objectives through

is the goal of education. assume responsibility for dealing interpersonal interaction.

7. To be meaningful in the eterwith the individual and the subject The learning matrix described

nal sense, the learning process is matter are merely dispensivetype above becomes so complex as man dependent upon interpersonal ineducational programs. Such sysencounters his multitudinous exteraction, and the educational tems are avoiding the most signifiperiences that, at present, it is

programs must provide for this cant aspect of true education—its beyond our comprehension. We

factor in the curriculum in order to application. The directivetype edudo know, however, that the prindirect the integration of the learncational system incorporates into ciples of the gospel of Jesus Christ

and their attendant ordinances are designed to help man to move into harmony with truth rather than

Richard L. Evans away from harmony with truth.

Such principles as love, repentance,

The Spoken Word forgiveness, faith, virtue, and temperance hold the secrets of educational excellence. Eventually,

if we continue to study these reyou do,"said Emerson, "you need courage. Whatever as spiritually, we will learn the Whatever vealed truths academically as well

course you decide upon, there is always someone to tell you "how"and the "why"of their inyou are wrong. There are always difficulties arising which fluence on man.

tempt you to believe that your critics are right. To map out a course of

signifiit... courage."action to an no There is end requires and follow Motivation for Learning

typithat doesn't kind of courage, of lifecant decision and require some no cal day of life that doesn't require some sort of courage; and certainly The principles of the gospel of

there is no great venture in life that doesn't require courage. "Courage is Jesus Christ, when radiated through

the greatest of all the virtues. Because if you haven't courage, you may not the lives of individuals, create the

have an opportunity to use any of the others."1 It takes courage to be optimum kind of a learning atmodifferent. It takes courage to side with someone who is being unfairly sphere. Forces represented by such

abused. It takes courage to befriend someone who is in popular disfavor, terms as security, interest, desire,

to advocate an unpolitic or unprofitable opinion. It takes courage to and freedom are optimized when

speak out in favor of an unpopular proposal, or an inconvenient or individuals associate with one anunpopular principle. It takes courage to turn down a dare. It takes other in compliance with the

courage to ignore ridicule even when one is right. Sometimes it takes principles of the gospel. Man as

courage even to run away from an evil proposal; for evil, like misery, an eternal, though mortal, entity is

loves company, and doesn't make it easy for anyone to run out on it. in a state of becoming, and he has

Often it takes courage to find the peace that comes with repenting. a variety of needs that cause him

Pursuing anything that isn't easy, isn't popular, anything that isn't conto act. There are numerous lists

sidered to be quickly successful, requires courage. The critics are often of these forces or needs in psychocruel, sometimes honestly cruel and sometimes cruel for reasons that logical literature, and most of them

are other than honest. Sometimes they are wrong. But anyone who stands are apparent in the scriptures, alfor anything, who says anything, who does anything that amounts to though they are not dealt with in

much, must face the critics—and that requires courage. "Whatever you modern terminology.

do, you need courage"—especially the courage that comes with a conThe categories listed below, in

viction of being right, and the equal, or even almost greater, courage to the writer's opinion, comprise a repent from wrong. Life itself, with every significant decision, requires

rather complete coverage of the courage. goals or needs that seem to impel * "The Spoken Word"from Temple man to act. The forces represented

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadby these terms cause man to seek casting System April 30, 1967. Copyright 1967.

satisfaction and peace within himAccredited to Dr. Samuel Johnson. self. Apparently, there is not

unanimous agreement as to the way in which these forces or needs

62 Improvement Era affect a person's behavior. A comof himself, and who is willing to tion of man's learning experience,

bination of circumstances plus the go the extra mile. This kind of another dimension of the learning

character or personality of the teacher automatically tends to esprocess needs to be considered.

individual seems to dictate priority tablish a climate conducive to This is found in the Lord's explanaof need fulfillment. At times this desirable learning. The student tion for human behavior given in

tendency to act is called motivation exposed to such an atmosphere Section 93 of the Doctrine and—the term used to describe a perfinds a situation in which he can Covenants. Here the Lord indison's efforts to successfully relate better satisfy his own unmet needs cates that all things are plainly

to the world as he perceives and for growth and development. manifest unto man, but the powers

experiences it. In addition to the above descripof evil (Satan), using the forces of

Areas of Man's Needs

1. Physiological needs, such as Richard L. Evans

food, drink, rest, light.

2. Safety from physical harm. The Spoken Word

3. Receiving and expressing affection—a feeling of accepting and

of of Manners from Models belonging,being accepted, having companionship and friendship. commenting on the character, the courtesy—or lack of it—of young

people, of all people, Frederick K. Stamm asked: "Are the young 4. Expressing creative accomIn

...? There are ways ofplishment; making a contribution to blame for their discourteous actions

... pleasing, and useful citizens. It can be donethat elicits prestige, status, selftraining the youth to be

esteem, satisfaction; identifying by parents being courteous themselves, not from a mere desire to observe

one's self. conventions but instinctively from a spirit of genuine sympathy, thought-

5. The security of identification fulness, and profound respect for the other members of the family as

with a power that can be appealed personalities. The boy will learn courtesy when he sees his father treat

to when circumstances are beyond the boy's mother like a queen, and the wise and wellbalanced girl is she in relationships maintains her with grace whose mother and dignityman's control. personal

kindness, don't just 1 Manners, happen. courtesy—these husband and sons."All of interrelate in these needs

the human personality, creating They come from several sources. "Where the spirit of love and duty

... where the daily life is honest and virtuous—and determining what is loosely pervades the home—

.. loving,... kind,. healthy, useful, then and and happy may we expect motivation.termed climate The

.. are, beings. therefore, the of every importance. Models in mouldingfor effective provide learning must

an avenue for the student to satisfy nature of the child.... In the face of a bad example, the best of

of these needs.some precepts are of but little avail.... Indeed, precept at variance with The religion

practise is worse than useless... [for] children are judges of consistency,

teacher responsible for is more the lessons of says the parent thing and opposite does the one and whoaiding the student areas in some

.. tiniest bits are quickly through. seen of in the opinion. The sown

fulfillment than in others.of need

life in private children to issue forth afterwards the minds of world, and example, primarilyHe is not, for

... its nurseries. for opinion; nations are gathered public out become ofresponsible for providing food or

reflex are at large of society the of the of manners The but manners fordrink, but is responsible he."-.. Smiles. said our collective always can homes, "Indeed, Samuel wehelping the student feel accepted.

.. better real so appreciate understand. [not character and a man's The best climate for learning is

much] by his public exhibition of himself but by the manner in whichthe one in which satisfaction is he conducts himself towards those who are the most nearly related tomaximized in those areas of need him, and by his transaction of the commonplace details of daily duty."3

that relate to the subject being taught. In religious education proSpoken "The Word"from Temple #

Broadthe Columbia andgrams, this climate is created best Square, presented over KSL by the teacher who is properly casting System May 7, 1967. Copyright 1967.

meeting these needs in his own life. Frederick K. Stamm, "Courtesy,"Good Housekeeping, January 1937.

The teacher who is able to accept 2SamuelHbid.,Smiles,Ch. Character,1, "InfluenceCh. of2,Character.""Home Power."

self is the teacher who is more able to accept his students, who can give

July 1967 63 opposition, come and take away 42:14.) Authentic religious educaWhat Is Religion?

light and truth, leaving man in contion is emotionally revelatory as fusion and darkness. It is explained much as it is intellectually explanaAnother element needed in the

that Satan accomplishes this in two tory. This type of education has framework of teaching in a touchways: first, by introducing man to its own unique requirements when ing manner is a definition of the

the spirit of disobedience, and secit comes to instructional techniques term religion. Religion has a dual

ond, by confusing men with the—a problem we will face in part definition in the literature that

false social traditions of their two of this article. deals with it. In a formal acafathers. (D&C 93:31, 3839.)

Smith The Prophet Joseph ex- * not thatplained "needed that Jesus any man should teach him."(InRichard L. Evans

spired Version, Matt. 3:25.) It was

only necessary that his Father The Spoken Word reveal Christ to himself in the glory he had with his Father before the foundation of the world. (Inspired Some very simple things

Version, John 17:5, 24.) From this,

it appears the forces of darkness days of much complexity we hear often overcomplicated explanaoperate more upon the principle of Intions for very simple things, and often undersimplify the real essence subtraction than the principle of of what it is that makes men, of what it is that matters most. And

addition. Evidently, man's problem often it seems we start at the wrong end, as we create more and more

is not an inability to comprehend agencies and organizations that endeavor most earnestly to do what good or acquire truth, light, and and wholesome homes should and could do. Homes were given us for

knowledge. His problem is one caring, for shaping character, for love and loyalty and reverence and

of rejecting—of not accepting the respect. To quote: "The test of every religious, political, or educational

truth, light, and knowledge that is system [and we might add, of every home] is the man it forms."1 And

plainly manifest unto him. so, thoughts turn to home—a simple, humble home, with a faithful,

The foregoing information sugmodest mother, in a simple, honest, uncomplicated way. living a service

gests that religious education is as of love, speaking quietly of honor and duty and virtue; thoughts of

much a matter of recovery as it is saying prayers at her knees and of hearing her say: do your duty, be

of discovery. Spiritual instruction, honest, pay your debts, say your prayers, don't quarrel, don't gossip, have

then, should be designed to bring faith. Many other ingredients and counsels could be added, the words

man to an awareness, not so much could be multiplied, but the lessons could scarcely be improved upon, of things new, but of things old especially not when she lived that kind of life, not when she set that that he has lost or that have been kind of example: do your duty, work honestly, pay your debts, say your

obscured from his vision. Man's prayers, have faith. Elaborate explanations may add some understanding

mind is not a "blank tablet."He of the complexities of the problems of people, but the simple, soulhas had a long preearth existence cleansing virtues—be clean, be honest, be faithful, be prayerful—will

that had a powerful impact upon serve long, before a better way is found to cleanse the soul, to calm the his intelligence, but that is conmind, to give the heart a greater peace and purpose. And so, our plea

cealed from his conscious awarefor turning toward the simple things, to a conviction that God lives, ness by a thin veil. (Abr. 3:2226; that life is purposeful, that there are commandments to keep, virtues

Heb. 6.T920. ) Spiritual instruction to live by, conscience to consider, with the simple assurances that come

is not a matter of how one can with the honest, earnest living of life. Thank God for the simple things

believe without evidence. It is a that satisfy, and for the Godgiven truths that somehow, despite all

matter of how one has managed to complexity, all sophistry, carry with them their own explanation, their hide the evidence (within himown assurance for the future.

self) from himself and of finding a way to reencounter that evidence with the student. This view of #"The Spoken Word"from Temple

education makes it possible to Square,castingpresentedSystem overMay 14,KSL 1967.and theCopyrightColumbia1967.Broadmore clearly understand the iniAuthor unknown.

junction, "... if ye receive not the

Spirit ye shall not teach."(D&C

64 Improvement Era a

Proven... Successful... Reassuring!

demic sense, the term has reference FAMILY FOOD STORAGE PLAN to a set of explicit beliefs, teachPerma-Pak 1-year plan is easy, economical!ings, and practices usually associated with an organization or Pay less than $100 per family member for a whole

order that exists apart from its year's balanced food supply. Choose from

individual membership. This is PermaPak's famous "Use Today or Store Away"

... such as wheat, flour,one way of looking at religion—dry and dehydrated foods

creedal or theological view. fruits,dessertsvegetables,... and excitingonions, newpotatoes,meat gelatinsubstitutes

The other definition of religion and freezedried foods... for tasty, nutritious,

would equate the term with an lowcost meals.

individual's behavior. A man's SEND COUPON 'Store Food Today for a Rainy Day'

religion is his personal behavior, FOR FULL DETAILS PERMAPAK, 40 East 2430 South and his personal behavior is his Also—discover PermaPak's: Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

religion. This is to say that reFamily Survival Food Kits Please send me, FREE, the following:

Emergency and Plan Storage Kits Food CATALOG ofligion life and Electric is a way Grain Grinders, must be CampingHand and

Survival Camping Kit and etc. Mixers, Bread in of personal termsconsidered INFORMATION

behavior rather than just theologiGroup Discounts/FundRaising PLANcal statements. Ideally, the two PIERIVIAPAK40 East 2430 South, My Name

Address Utah 84115 Lake City,are harmonious and become one in Salt State Zip City (801)4869671 Phone:

the individual. Practically speaking, however, this is a lifelong task,

various belonging individualsand to the be giving RARE,OLD ENGRAVINGS OF EARLY can same church allegiance to different "religions."

When a teacher of religion views his task, it will be apparent that it is much easier to teach the rational Authentically reproduced aspects of theology and church and attractively mounted organization than it is to inculcate on antiqued, wooden behavioral religion into the lives of plaques. These charming

his students. This pattern of dealcollector - decorator

ing with the subject intellectually pieces complement t h e is the path of least resistance. Why decor of almost any room!

this is so will be the subject of part 0NLY$2rAN ATTRACTIVE two of this article. O OR PICTUREPPD. OF 4... $9.29 GROUPING

L1 VIEW OF NAUVOO L 6 S. L. MAIN ST. (1886)

L2 NAUVOO TEMPLE L 7 TABERNACLE (1872)

L3 NAUVOO HOUSE L8 BEEHIVE HOUSE (1884)

L 4 CARTHAGE JAIL L 9 SALT LAKE CITY (1869)

Little Song for Faith L 5 S. L. TEMPLE (1892) L 10 SALT LAKE CITY (1884)

By Elaine V. Emans Plaques available in: red, orange, SEND TO:

light and dark blue, yellow, green

Sizes from 8 1/2"x V"to HISTORIC REPRODUCTIONS The spiderling goes ballooning

UTAH 84601 9 11 Vz"1/2 "x P.O. BOX 184, PROVO,

To parts unknown, Utterly confident, Briskly windblown; TREEOF-LIFE

STONE 50 FOOD STORAGE And only a silken tether Decorative Plaque BOOKLET

Holds it to sky. Missionary tool What Should We Store?

With my sturdy rope of faith Teaching aid Storing to Prevent Spoilage scaled reNotes on Specific Foods of the How much more I, Authenticproductions or of Life""Tree (Stella "Lehi Stone"5, Izapa). This scripture in stone, Rotate Your Perishables, Etc.

is of the "external in Mexico, evidence"by Group Rates Available Life. Booklet the Tree of and of Facing to ways uncharted, discoveredBook of Mormon

Should dare swing out Dr. M. Wells, Ph.D., BYU, free.

Above all old familiar Stone is 7"x9". $9.95 ppd. W. D. BATCH ELOR

61 Beacon Ave.

84041 Fear and doubt! ElCaliforniaMonte Charitableresidents addEnterprises4% tax LAYTON, UTAH

3222 Utah Avenue, El Monte, California 91731

Use the handy coupon on page 73 to renew your Era.

July 1967 65 Melchizedek Priesthood AL FAMIL

The importance of the family unit in the plan of the Lord cannot he overemphasized. The

basic concepts of how the Church program is set up to strengthen the home is being presented throughout the Church as a part of the current Saturday evening program at stake conferences through a filmstrip, "The Eternal Family in the Church."Some of the pictures and

part of the narration from that film are presented here as a further aid to an understanding of this program.

We are members of the family of God our Eternal Father. He

presides over a family organization. Our Eternal Father designed

the plan of salvation and exaltation to enable us to become like him, thus gaining eternal families of our own. The family is the most

important organization in time or in eternity. God has given us the

Church as a service agency to enable us to create and perfect eternal family units; it exists to serve the family and the individual.

The Lord's program is one of living and teaching the gospel. The

home is the basic unit in which this purpose is achieved. Parents

have the chief responsibility to bring up their children in light and truth, to prepare them for missions, temple marriage, and righteous living, and to walk uprightly before the Lord.

Family home evenings are part of the program through which parents teach the gospel in the home.

All of the priesthood and auxiliary programs of the Church are designed to aid parents and family members in living and teaching the gospel.

Home teachers represent the Lord and serve under the bishop and the quorum leaders in watching over and strengthening the families.

To avoid duplication in attempting to help the family, all Church programs, through correlation, must be tied together into one unified whole. Church activities in the ward are correlated through the

ward priesthood executive committee, composed of the following:

bishopric, ward clerk, executive secretary, high priests group leader, seventies group leader, elders president or group leader, and general secretaries of Aaronic PriesthoodAdult and Aaronic PriesthoodYouth.

66 Improvement Era The ward priesthood executive committee, with the addition of the ward Relief Society presidency, becomes the ward welfare committee.

Once each month the ward priesthood committee should be expanded into a ward council by addition of the following: Relief Society

president, Sunday School superintendent, YMMIA superintendent,

YWMIA president, Primary president, and others as needed. Thus

all ward members and organizations are represented on the ward Illlllllll council.

Just as there is in the ward a ward priesthood executive committee, so there is in the stake a stake priesthood executive committee. The

stake presidency, high council, and stake clerk, meeting in their regular high council meeting, constitute the stake priesthood executive committee.—

The stake priesthood executive committee, with the addition of the -jsrfP chairman of the stake bishops council and the stake Relief Society presidency, becomes the stake welfare committee.

At regular intervals (preferably monthly), the meeting of the stake priesthood executive committee should be expanded to include superintendents and presidents of the stake auxiliary organizations, thus becoming the stake council meeting. Here the stake president, as the

presiding high priest, will correlate all of the Church activities of the stake.

Illlllllllllllll The Lord has instructed priesthood members that they are "to watch over the church always, and be with and strengthen them"(D6C 20:53), "And visit the house of each member, exhorting them to pray

vocally and in secret and attend to all family duties."(D&C 20:51.)

One of the purposes of home teaching is to help implement these instructions of the Lord. At the home teaching seminar on September 29, 1966, Elder Harold B. Lee said, "Home teaching isn't just

one of the programs.... Home teaching is the instrument by which

we see to it, through the priesthood, that every program in the Church is made available to parents and their children."

July 1967 67 Presiding Bishopric's Rage

It's Right There

Bishop Evans had received quite a shock, but he "No,"said the stake clerk, "Bishop Hardy's ward resisted the desire to lean over and whisper in the always raises about that amount lately. He's been

ear of his counselor. They were sitting on the stand; mighty proud of the way his people have been retheir sacrament meeting was proceeding smoothly, sponding to his encouragement that they fast properly

as planned. and then make their contributions. Maybe that's

The bishop prided himself on being well organized, the key. But he's also been trying something new

on being an able administrator. "When I can't figure as far as making fast offering collections."

out how to do it, I can always find it right there in "Something new?"But the bishop didn't have time

the handbook,"he used to say. And he took careful to hear more. It was time for him to go to the chapel

pains with all his church assignments. When he was for the start of sacrament meeting.

scoutmaster he'd felt proudest when his troop won * * * # the most awards at their court of honor. But it Several nights later Bishop Evans and his second

wasn't something he'd done himself; it was because counselor entered Bishop Hardy's office and sat down

he'd read the handbook and wisely trained his able across the wide table from him. As always, there

assistants. The same thing happened when he became was a pleasant exchange, brief remarks that involved

MIA superintendent: in his second year he helped their two neighboring wards. But finally Bishop

more young men to become Master M Men than all Evans leaned forward, his expression showing a slight the other wards in the stake combined. He'd even frown as he spoke:

been asked to speak at the awards banquet, and he'd "You know, Bishop Hardy, I asked you to find some been quite sincere in giving all the credit for this time for us for just one reason. Last Sunday I acciremarkable achievement to his officers and teachers. dentally saw your fast offering report. I've told

It was a tasteful, unselfish tribute. But everyone knew Brother Tanner here the figure I saw. Neither of

that the spark behind such accomplishments came us can understand how it can be so much higher than from his own burgeoning abilities as an inspiring adours, especially when our ward has about twenty ministrator. families more than yours. So, as we've talked about

He was the logical choice when a new bishop was it, I suggested we just sit down and have you tell needed. He had been more anxious than ever in his us what you've done that apparently we haven't been

new calling, and after a year of hard workhe had doing. We'd like very much to know."

come to feel very good indeed about most of his Bishop Hardy couldn't help but admire the man programs and people. But just before sacrament who sat before him. He had qualities of greatness,

meeting this Sunday he'd been jarred sharply from for here he was frankly asking advice. It was uphis mellowing complacency. lifting to see him note such concern. He warmed

The stake clerk had called, saying he'd received to the request.

Bishop Evans'fast offering report but it hadn't been "Well, I think I used to take fasting for granted. It

signed. "Why, I'm sure I signed it,"answered the didn't seem to be one of those things we had to get

bishop, "but perhaps I'm confusing it with some out and push. But perhaps you'll remember the

other report."The clerk indicated he could drop by encouragement the Church gave us a couple of years

before sacrament meeting, and the bishop was in his ago to help everyone understand just what fasting office waiting when he arrived. But when the unsigned and fast offerings were all about. As I recall, they

report was brought out and laid before him, Bishop called it 'The Law ofthe Fast.'

Evans smiled and looked up at the clerk. He noted that he held the attention of the two

"But, Brother Clark, this isn't my report that's men who faced him, as he went on:

unsigned. This is Bishop Hardy's."Then the bishop's "I thought we had done a pretty good job getting

eyes rested upon the amount set down on the report. this message across. We used the flipchart presentaHe blinked and looked again. tion with our leadership, had an entire sacrament

"But, wait a minute. I can't believe this is all fast meeting on it, even sent out a special letter. And it's

offerings on this report. Why, that's nearly three true, interest in fasting and fast offerings did seem

times as much as I've reported. I guess Bishop to pick up. But only for a while. A look at our

Hardy has doubled up several months'fast offerings."records proved that we were soon back down to where

68 Improvement Era in the Handbook

we'd been."He smiled and looked at them both. everyone a chance to participate and enjoy these

"About where you are now, I'd guess, if you say blessings.

you're collecting a third as much as we. Because "First, we set up the Saturday previous to Fast

that's what happened all right: we've tried something Sunday as the day for the deacons to be out, going

new, and it's tripled the monthly total."door to door. Next, we made out an envelope for

"Just what is this 'something new'?"every family and told them that if they didn't wish to

"First, let me tell you what motivated me to try it. contribute in the envelope, we'd still like to send the

After all that work on 'The Law of the Fast,'seeing deacons to their door as a reminder that the next day the increase in fast offerings and then the ultimate would be Fast Sunday. Then we gathered all the

slipping back, I'd become very aware that my people deacons in the chapel, where we carefully checked could be doing much more than they were in regard out the envelopes to them. We insisted they go in

to fasting."pairs, just like the missionaries. They liked that; it

He leaned forward in his chair, still looking from made them feel their importance.

one to the other. "Then we laid down some hard and fast rules for

"At our last tithing settlement I quickly saw how the deacons: Don't leave the envelopes in the mailmuch each family had paid out as fast offerings. I box; don't slide them under doors; don't leave them

was more than a little surprised! Some of our most with the members; don't go alone. We insisted they

active families were down on the records as having return all envelopes to the clerk the same day. Under

paid three or four dollars for the entire year. I was no circumstances were the deacons allowed to keep

surprised and I didn't attempt to hide it."He paused envelopes with money overnight. And we started

for emphasis. "I asked them—full tithe payers—why counting out the money in the envelopes in the presthey'd contributed so little in fast offerings. In alence of each pair of deacons.

most every case I got the same weak answer: they "But we were still running into the problem of

were always forgetting to include it in their tithing followup, making a firm contact with those families check—they were rarely in when the deacons came not home when the deacons called. So as part of our

around—they'd meant to make it up but never gotten new program we started using the Aaronic Priesthoodaround to it. Adults."He paused to see if this caught the other

"Finally, I called a meeting of all those involved bishop off balance. It did.

in fast offerings: my second counselor, the clerk, the "Yes, we actually called our adults as drivers to

Aaronic Priesthood—Youth general secretary, and our take the young deacons around later at night when

two deacons presidents, along with the advisers. We we could usually be sure we'd find someone home.

really had a session; we went over every name in the And it's worked out wonderfully! Not just wonderward. I discovered, to my chagrin, that many families fully, marvelously! We couldn't be more delighted

had no envelopes. They'd told the deacons they'd with the way these older brethren have caught the

include fast offerings in their tithing checks. Yet spirit of the thing. They even look forward to it, to

these were the same families who ended up with pitching in and helping get the job done. It's as a

almost no fast offerings paid for the entire year. consequence of this kind of thorough followup that

"It wasn't a question of people not wanting to pay, we've tripled our fast offerings. But the secret to

or not knowing how much to pay. It seemed to be our success, of course, was in starting this new proour manner of collecting. We had envelopes for some gram when we did."

but not for others. If no one was home there was no "But the new program, all these rules and profollow-up, no attempt to give them another chance. cedures, where did you come by them?"

As a consequence, we finally came to the conclusion "Come by them?"Bishop Hardy smiled more broadwe were only collecting from part of the ward part ly. "Why, would you believe it, Bishop, we disof the time. That's when we decided that in addicovered them right in the Aaronic PriesthoodYouth

tion to our commenting from the pulpit on the spiritual handbook. It's right there in the manual! And by

benefits of fasting and supporting the poor through our following these suggestions, our ward members fast offering contributions, we had to set up a new received spiritual strength, which is the greatest beneenvelope collection system, one that would give fit of all."O

July 1967 69 Today's Family

By Florence B. Pinnock

# A chicken in every pot was the viction that he lived before he said that "love makes the world theme song of politicians in the came to earth, that he now lives in go round."A lack of love causes

nineteenthirties. It was also the order to grow and to gain knowlfamily unhappiness, failure in life,

dream of every family during those edge, and that after death he will and even worldwide wars. Love,

depression years. The chickenin- live again. happiness, and security are all

thepot theme was a symbol of All these needs of individuals for closely linked together. Combined,

security. In those days people had security blend together in the conthey make a person safe, impreglittle assurity concerning their cept of love. Love is every age nable, and invulnerable.

future. Men—and perhaps women group's guarantee of security. The A chicken in every pot? Security

even more—have longed for secubaby, the sixteenyear-old, the in every home? A feeling of peace

rity, a Utopia where all human mother and father, and the seventyin every heart? This is what our

needs are supplied. fiveyear-old person have needs restless old world needs, and it can

Security is a good sturdy word, that may be met with love. It is have it through love.

a word strong enough to meet almost any emergency. If we can

satisfy our own needs, we can stand tall and face the world; we are

secure. Webster, when he speaks of

security, claims that it is freedom from danger or risk, freedom from care or apprehension.

A monthold-baby, a teenager, a man who has lived his threescore and ten years—all want a certain

brand of security. The baby, we are

told, needs to feel secure in the arms of his mother; he needs to be

sure no one will drop him, that nothing will jar or crush him, that no loud noise or unusual temperature will overpower him, and that food will be supplied at a moment's wail.

A teenager, in order to be secure, must feel that he is a special individual, that he is an important part of a group, and that he has freedom to think and to create. He must

have enough within himself to be a person in his own right; he must POTS FULL OF CHICKEN

feel big; he must feel adequate. Chicken is a food for all seasons, ing about one

An older person, in order to be but it gains its full measure of dollar. Compare

happy and at peace with himself popularity in the summertime. It the nutritive value

and the world, must be sure that ranks among the favorite foods on of that dollar spent his material and physical needs can any dinner table. The cost, flavor, for poultry with any

be met as long as he lives. He must availability, and simplicity of prepother dollar spent for meat.

have the means to buy food, shelaration all add to its desirability. The flavor of chicken is mild and

ter, and clothing. He also has spiriFive to six people can be served can be spiced up in a barbecue or

tual needs. As his days grow shorter from a fourpound stewing hen or enhanced in a casserole. Nowadays

in life, he must have a strong confrying chicken, either selection costchicken is plentiful any time of

70 Improvement Era of the chicken desired. Some birds

are marketed with three legs or three breasts, or it is possible toChicken buy all drumsticks, all breasts, all thighs, perhaps all necks. But who

would want two dozen necks, unless chicken soup were to be on the menu?

Chicken KnowHow

Poultry is mainly valued for its protein, which is needed for growth and repair of body tissues. As a

general rule, poultry contains far less fat than beef or pork.

To store chicken, remove the wrappings. Rinse well and pat dry

with a paper towel. Wrap loosely

in wax paper or plastic wrap. Store

in the coldest part of the refrigerator. Cook before the third day.

To freeze chicken, put a clean bird into a plastic bag and seal. Do not

remove from freezer until ready to use. There is no need to thaw the

chicken if it is to be stewed. Always

refrigerate cooked chicken immediately.

When serving fried chicken, provide % to 1 pound per person; for

stewing hens, allow Vz to 1 pound per person.

Chopped fresh dill, dry mustard, paprika, curry powder, freshly year. But occasionally it is such a ground black pepper, chopped

good buy that it pays to stock the parsley, thyme, bay leaf, rosemary freezer with roasters, stewing hens,—name the spice or herb, and with

and fryers. Any child can stew a imagination it can enhance the

hen successfully, but chicken with chicken flavor.

its varied sauces can be a challenge to the most experienced chef. For toppings on chicken casseroles,

Seasonings should be subtle, so as use crushed potato chips, crushed to enhance but never to detract corn chips, buttered seasoned from the fresh chicken flavor. bread or cracker crumbs, Chinese

Nowadays we can buy any part noodles, or any toasted nuts.

IS YOUR FOOD Chicken,y STORAGE PROGRAM in Every fc To make a Mexican chicken casECONOMICALLY SOUND? serole, mix a can of mushroom soup

with a can of tomato soup, season highly, and pour over a layer of corn chips and a layer of diced chicken. Top with grated cheese

and bake.

Baste ovenfried chicken with sour cream.

For a tender chicken with a mouthwatering flavor, soak the pieces of Sprinkle a package of dehydrated a fryer in buttermilk before dusting onion soup over browned chicken with flour and seasonings. fryers. Add broth, cover, and bake.

To make an easy chicken pie, mix After chicken is browned, pour chicken, cooked peas, and white over it a sauce made of thickened sauce; then top with canned baking pineapple juice, to which pineapple

powder biscuits. Sprinkle with cubes are added. Cover and bake

Wheat age program,is the keepheart yourof anywheatfoodsupplystorgrated cheese and bake in a 425 F. for 30 minutes. Serve sprinkled

basis turnover regular on a rather oven. with toasted almonds. spoilage. risk informaWrite for than

tion about highprotein, cleaned wheat. Make your food storage program a practical program. A quick chicken casserole can be Add bleu cheese to sour cream and

AND SURPRISE! made by mixing one can of cream pour over browned fryers. Cover

stored That wheat you have delicious the most basement makes in your of chicken soup, one can of mushand bake until tender.

goods. and other baked bread Now room soup, and one small can convert you can your stored wheat

flour into natural wholesome at your diced with 3 cups milk Allevaporated the superb convenience by using chicken After pour is browned,

Flour Mill. Grain in fold Season and cooked chicken. can of tomatoes, 1 chopped over it a

of 1 small Chinese can minus V3 cup ADAPTATION A MODERN 1 onion, pepper, green and chopped elecAll-Grain Mill a The modern in casserole, top with noodles. Put tric theis of refinement old fashioned, salt, garlic oregwith season and

flour mill that twostone preserves Vz noodles, with dot the and cup flanature's nutrition marve?ous and cook pepper. ano, Cover and and

exceptional with economy. vor baking. butter before flavor, Start to enjoy top good now tender. until

health and economy. Mills available

in two sizes. All mills guaranteed for

terms. one year. Easy Paprika (use lots—at least 2 or 3 After chicken breasts have been information, write: For full

tablespoons), flour, salt, and pepper browned and cooked until tender,

ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL mixed together make a delicious cover each piece with a slice of

Dept. E, P.O. Box 168 dusting for chicken before frying. Mozarella cheese and put into a

Brigham City, Utah 84302 350 F. oven until cheese melts.

or One tablespoon of peanut butter Serve immediately. P.O. Box 115

adds taste to a creamed chicken Tremonton, Utah 84337 casserole.

Try adding 1 can bean sprouts Jellied Chicken Loaf (drained) and Chinese noodles to a 2 envelopes unflavored gelatin chicken casserole. V23 cupcupscoldhot waterchicken broth

2 tablespoons lemon juice JEWELRY CO. Salt and pepper to taste

4 2 W E S T 2 N D. S O U T H DA 2-1039 For delicious chicken soup, add a 3 cups diced cooked chicken

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH can of mushroom soup, chopped!/>3 cuptablespoonsdiced celeryminced green pepper

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER pimientos, minced parsley, and salt 5 stuffed green olives, sliced and pepper to chicken stock in Soften the gelatin in cold water and lemon dissolve in hot broth. Add which noodles have been boiled. then

Chill until juice and seasonings.

Garnish of soup each bowl ingredients; Stir with a tially in remaining set. feawn parCOLORING till Chill pan. loaf into a 6-cup pour sprinkle of grated Parmesan good QtHcme! with garnished serve firm. and Unmold Supplement LEARN. present income by doing cheese. EASYthis profitableTO creative sprigs. studios, for home work parsley and

others. or part time. Fascinating stores,hobby or

vocation. established FullOld school. Low Easy

payments. Write for today FREE tuition.BOOKLET.

all It tells about started. getting obligation. No

NATIONAL PHOTO COLORING SCHOOL 835 Diverse/ Pkwy, Dept. 629517 Chicago 60614

72 Improvement Era EASY ORGAN TRANSCRIPTIONSGrilled Chicken Legs of four favorite Mormon Hymns 1 EASY ORGAN

in foil with leg securely eachWrap a TRANSCRIPTIONS of a butter, ofteaspoon teaspoon salt or chives, green onionschopped OF FOUR FAVORITE HYMNS MORMON y* ji garlic salt. of a pinchand pepper, and BY ARRANGED

**Grill coals, turnover hot the packages?2M H1 fM 'muu "y"9

ing once. They will take about 40 minutes. ROY M. DARLEY

TABERNACLE ORGANIST

vein, Darley, In a different musical Roy M.Chicken Cacciatore i

organist, Tabernacle a small just published has that is sure to prove a favorite through-(Serves 6)!; f 1 Ibum

2 frying chickens out the Church. At only medium difficulty, the

Y3 cup flour, seasoned with teaspoon transcriptions are of artistic musical design.

crushed oregano, pepper, garlic arranged by floy M. Darley

salt, and paprika l/2 cup salad oil COME, COME YE SAINTS $1.50 Postpaid

1 big onion, chopped 2 carrots, chopped AS THE DEW FROM 1 pound can tomatoes HEAVEN DISTILLING Name 1 8-ounce can tomato sauce Address

Vi cup lemon juice SWEET IS THE WORK chickens,Disjoint the dredge with GENTLY RAISE THE Please Send Copies flour, in the saladseasoned and brown oil. Add the other ingredients; cover SACRED STRAIN SOUTH DAVIS MUSIC CENTER

and simmer about an hour or until the 429 W. 500 So. Bountiful, Utah 84010

chicken is tender. Add 3 tablespoons

minced parsley, then taste for seasoning. Serve steaming hot with French

bread and a green salad. Use this handy coupon to

Simple Chicken Divan RENEW YOUR SUBSCRIPTION (Serves 6) or order the Era for a friend 2 packages frozen broccoli spears, cooked until just tender iy2 pounds sliced cooked chicken 2 cans cream of chicken soup CLIP AND MAIL 1 teaspoon lemon juice The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar cheese 1 teaspoon paprika Please enter a year subscription to The Improvement Era for

Arrange the broccoli in bottom of a 13 x 9 x V-inch pan. Cover with Name.

chicken; pour undiluted soup and

lemon juice over all. Sprinkle with Address

cheese and paprika. Bake at 375 F.

for about 30 minutes. O City State Zip.

(Check one) Give credit for this subscription to

This is a renewal fj Ward or Branch

This is a gift fj Stake or Mission

If gift, also give name and address of donor. Iyear a vears o> years

Have you ever been confused Name $3.00,$5.75 t>$8.25

about certain measurements in a Address Add $2.50 for each additional year

recipe?

A few grains of pepper means less than Va teaspoon. Get the family and

A dash of salt means less thany& teaspoon. TRAVEL LIGHT

1-pound package of powdered with a KARTEL SLEEPER sugar equals 2% cups.

THE SLEEPER THAT LETS YOU.. TRAVEL RIGHT! 1-pound package of brown sugar

your bedroom with you onequals 2% cups. Carry

top of your light, car. This strong, ONLY $299 (FreightTerms: $1Prepaid)1.35 a month

1 pound of flour equals 4 cups streamlined fiberglass carrier conSPECIAL BONUS OFFER!

sifted. verts quickly, easily, to a doubleFree 9'x 9'attachable Kartel Accessory Tent

breezeway of Sleeper. with purchase bed sleeper. Amazing comfort with 1 pound of sugar equals 2 cups. For further information literature, and free the ground! above write or phone:

ARDCO Phone (AC 80 l) 3223262 255 WEST SOUTH TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84101 Choice Dealerships still available.

July 1967 73 LDS BOOKS 15% CASH SAVINGS ON New stake presidency: Flagstaff

OVER 500 LDS BOOKS The Church (Arizona) Stake: President Nelo

E. Rhoton and counselors, Frank J, up to 20% on some titles Moves On

FREE Randall and Eldred S. Porter.

Details on how to obtain LDS Books at special savings, or details free with your order. Sixtyfour teams began play

MORMONISM AND THE NEGRO $1.00 in the annual allChurch volJohn J. Stewart (reg. $1.25) postpaid April 1967 leyball tournament. Games are

postpaid (reg. $2.25) Maughan Joyce B.

THE CONSTITUTION BY A dent N. Eldon Tanner and

THREAD $3.80 Elders Mark E. Petersen and RichfJJ The appointment of Edwin B.

Richard Vetterli (reg. $4.75) postpaid

ard L. Evans of the Council of the Firmage to the general board

IN CAVE THE SECRETTHE postpaid $2.36 Twelve for an openair theater for of the Young Men's Mutual Im- (reg. B. Rawlins Jennie $2.95)

SCIENCE AND MORMONISM $3.96 summer tourist productions between provement Association was an-

M. A. Cook and M. G. Cook postpaid the Hotel Utah and the Relief Sonounced.

(reg. $4.95)

ciety Building in Salt Lake City. Oakland ( California ) Fourth

THE FAITH OF A SCIENTIST $2.80

Dr. Henry Eyring (reg. $3.50) postpaid Promised Valley, a musical producWard won the senior title in the

TEACH ME $2.80 tion on the pioneer migration to allChurch volleyball tournament.

Dorthea C. Murdock postpaid Salt Lake Valley, will open there This is the second championship in

TEN MOST WANTED MEN $3.35 July 1 for a twomonth run. two years for the team. Kahuwai

postpaid Paul H. Dunn (reg. $3.95) (Hawaii) Ward won the junior

is for less add handling If order 10c than $3.00

sales tax. The organization of a Church division tournament. percent of Arizona charge. Residents add 3

library committee was anLDS MAILBOX BOOKSTORE

P.O. Box 2454, Mesa, Arizona 85201 nounced. The committee, to work Under the direction of Elder

Offer good only in U.S. and Canada. under the direction of President Howard W. Hunter of the

N. Eldon Tanner, has the responCouncil of the Twelve and Presisibility for library and educational dent A. Theodore Tuttle of the

media centers in the wards and First Council of the Seventy, the

in cooperation with the Stakes were divided to form BYU GENEALOGY workedstakes. outThe program has been six Brigham Young University

correlation stakes. Seventh committee. and BYU Eighth

library Peterson PICTURES ChurchMembers of the Church Dean A. was sustained

SEND ANY SIZE ORIGINAL PHOTO committee are S. Lyman Tyler, as president of BYU Seventh Stake

(OR NEGATIVE) AND ONLY chairman; H. Thayne Johnson, with Lee B. Valentine and Robert

Donald K. Nelson, Leroy R. LindeCheesman as counselors.

$1.00 man, Earl E. Olson, Delbert E. David H. Yarn, Jr., was sustained

FOR Roach, and George Bickerstaff. as president of BYU Eighth Stake

The appointments of L. H. Curtis with Robert Junius Smith and

and Lewis M. Jones to the general Robert K. Thomas as counselors.

BEAUTIFUL BLACK & WHITE board of the Deseret Sunday School Under the direction of Elder

GENEALOGY SIZE REPRINTS Union were announced. Marion G. Romney of the Council

AND ONE 5X7 WHITE ENLARGEMENT of the Twelve and President Paul BLACK AND

ORIGINAL RETURNED UNArlington Stake was organized H. Dunn of the First Council of the

HARMED through a division of Mt. Seventy, the University Second

VERY FAST SERVICE PREPAID BACK TO YOU Rubidoux (California) Stake with (Salt Lake City) Stake was orgaClarence Leon Sirrine as stake nized, with Oscar W. McConkie, Jr.,

president and Jack E. Dahl and sustained as president and Donald

SEND EXTRA MONEY IF RETURN BY David I. Tew as counselors. This K. Barton and Burton S. Tingey as

INSURED MAIL IS DESIRED. the 430th stake now functioning counselors.

was organized under the direction The first of these student stakes, of Elder LeGrand Richards of the Brigham Young University Stake,

Council of the Twelve and Presiwas organized January 8, 1956.

V CORPORATIONCORPORATK dent Marion D. Hanks of the First There are now 433 stakes functionCouncil of the Seventy. ing in the Church.

P.O. BOX 2307 DEPT. E7

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84110

74 Improvement Era

LEARN IN THE

LAND OF ZIONMay 1967 president of Napa (California)

Stake, with B. Gale Wilson and

The Federal Communications Garie H. Hillstead as counselors.

Commission announced apOLLYWOOD proval of the sale of radio stations The Salt Lake Tabernacle

KMBC (AM) and KMBR (FM), Choir presented a concert to

Kansas City, to Bonneville Inter- 7,000 assembled in Brigham Young EAUTY national Corporation, broadcast University's George Albert Smith arm of the Church. Fieldhouse, Provo.

The First Presidency anIn many areas of the Church, OLLEGE nounced the appointments of evening programs and oversix mission presidents to fields to night camp -outs for the holders of > HOME OFFICE: 245 SO. MAIN

be announced later: the Aaronic Priesthood commemoSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 841 1

Dean L. Larsen, Farmington, rated the restoration of that priestUtah, member of the priesthood hood, May 15, 1829. Theatingbeautyand exciting.profession is fascinmissionary committee.

Bryan A. Espenschied, CenterThe First Presidency anYouhair stylistcan learnfor suchto belittlea leadingcost.

ville, Utah, bishop of Centerville nounced the appointments of 5th Ward. four mission presidents, with speTrain with the Nation's Leading

Orville C. Gunther, American cific fields of labor to be announced enjoyCosmetologythe beautyInstructors,of Salt Lakeand

Fork, Utah, former bishop of later: Valley during your leisure hours.

American Fork 12th Ward. Theron M. Ashcroft, Cedar City, Write to Mr. James R. Trapp for

Rulon G. Craven, recently reUtah, now president of the Cedar information.

leased from the BYU Sixth Stake West Stake. COMMISSIONACCREDITED BYFORTHECOSMETOLOGYNATIONAL ACCREDITINGSCHOOLS

presidency. Eugene F. Olsen, patriarch to

H. Duane Anderson, first asthe San Diego East (California)

sistant Sunday School superinStake. Hitch Your

tendent, San Bernardino (CaliThomas F. Jensen, now serving Wagon To A

fornia) First Ward. as bishop of the Butler Fourth

Harvey A. Dahl, patriarch to the Ward, Salt Lake City.

Humboldt (Nevada) Stake. Norman R. Bowen, Bountiful, The single unit multipurpose visual aid

The appointment of Jay A. Utah, of the adult correlation com- s Home Teaching Ward and Stake

Quealy, former president of the mittee of the Church. m TeachingRelief SocietySystems SystemsExecutive Control

Southern Far East Mission, as Write or call for details director Angeles of the Los Stake was creSouth Temple P| Sydney Aid

Visitors of Manage Center announced. was direction the ated under

Lane 4308 Shirley Elder Thomas S. Monson of the Salt Lake City, Utah 84117

Mexico City North Stake was Council of the Twelve and Elder 2773995 2550797 created by a division of MexEIRay L. Christiansen, Assistant to

ico City Stake, under the direction the Twelve, from parts of Sydney of Elders Marion G. Romney and (Australia) Stake. John Daniel 'A

Howard W. Hunter of the Council Parker was sustained as president,

of the Twelve. Agricol Lozano was with Donald Newton and John G.

sustained as president of this the Nicholson as counselors. This new

Lingerie of Modesty 434th stake of the Church, with stake is the fifth stake in Australia

Daniel Taylor and Alfredo Pagaza and brings the total number of fashionEarn whileconsultant.you learnShowto ourbe exquisitelya trained

as counselors. The Mexico City stakes in the Church to 435. designed lingerie and "At Home FashStake was organized in December Elder Ronald W. Jackson, 21, ions"on your own time. Call 4373621,

1961. Springville, Utah, serving in the or write LeVoy's, Inc., 2511 So. West

John D. Johnson was sustained Northern Indian Mission, was one Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115.

as president of Chicago (Illinois) of two persons killed in a twocar

Stake, with Everett L. Butler and accident near New Town, North K0DAC0L0R FILM

John M. Scowcroft as counselors. Dakota. Elder Doyle J. Tubbs of 1 2 Exp. Processed & Printed

*\f\ B. Darrell Call was sustained as Ola, Idaho, was seriously injured. OFWITHFRESHREPLACEMENTKODAK FILMROLL O.W*o

VvRITE FOR NEW, LOW PRICE LIST

DEPT. E-6 WESTERN

CITY, LAKE FILMcum 84100OAinn CLUBmm I BOXSALTiiTALlUTAH 2307,

July 1967 75 for accurate news coverage both Buffs NATIONAL and INTERNATIONAL and Wht Salt aise unburn Wht &<xlt f\xkt Wiibwit

Stateof-State Speed isks Tax Boost Rebuffs t Budget Deficit

Tabernacle Issue

I was most interested and pleasantly surprised as I read the Tabernacle issue, particularly the article on the organ. I read the name of one very

1 Piwll familiar to me—that of Luke Syphus,

my greatgreat-grandfather. In the

family history I have of him, Luke

Syphus mentions that Joseph Ridges, the Tabernacle organ builder, was his very dearest friend. I like the way

—"aBrotherspiritualTodd describedstorehouse"—andLuke Syphusfrom

Hibmwlwui

4 fnwn iWsSabtheIfltwi'|<a&i themoreaccountsappropriatein hiswordshistory,couldn'tI feel havethat been found.

Miss Lynne Stewart Los Angeles, California

Genealogical Research Series

periodic genealogy! a all need We

series just READ alt ukt Sfibmiw Hurrahboost, for your recent articles on been has and your what the doctor orders. This is the

kind of information that helps.

Elizabeth T. Wight

Preserve the Inspiration of Arlington, Virginia

for All Seasons Man

of reviewer The Improvement Era AYour A Man for All SeaIn Beautifully Bound Volumes sonsMore (April)"was a Catholicstates thatcardinalSir Thomasin EngThe Mountain West's finest bindery and VIII."land andI believea counselthat whileof Kingyou willHenryfind

printing house is prepared to bind your Sir Thomas a very devout man who collected Improvement Era's into fine wore a hair shirt next to his skin hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the throughout life and regularly scourged

editions you wish bound to the Deseret himselfnever eitherin truea asceticmonk orfashion,a priesthe wasand

News Press. hence never a cardinal in the Catholic

Church. 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance It is true that while studying law

payment must accompany all orders as a young man he lived near the

Please include postage if volumes are Charterhouse in London and took part in the devotions of that Carthusian to be returned by mail. monastery, and that he gave very

Add $1.00 if Binding is to be billed. seriousmonk, butconsiderationin the end tohe becomingdecided hea

Subject to Utah State tax where applicable. did not have a true devotion for

monastic life and so never took any

POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH clerical vows. He was twice married

and was the father of four children.

Among the public offices he held are those of a Member of Parliament, speaker of the House of Commons, undersheriff of London, and Lord

Chancellor of England. Perhaps the

reviewer was thinking of Thomas

Wolsey, More's predecessor as chancellor, who was a cardinal.

Robert J. McCue

Orem, Utah 1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah 84104

76 Improvement Era Housewives There'sgrocery a shopping.real knack Theto

Follow Me, Boys average American housewife wastes a Con CutI received have and my Era yesterday staggering sum its condevoured completelyalmost

I to writetents. feel compelled conFood Prices of money each year. choice for thecerning Family your

Movie of the Year, Follow Me, Boys. But why you?

It an excellent was choice—the greatLearn how to shopest I've seen picture in ages.

Joyce Huntsman efficiently with

Merlin, Oregon a course in personal finance.

(Bus. Mgt. 205x)

Needs of Servicemen We fouryear men aboard the USS

Kitty Hawk wish to thank the Church for what it is doing for servicemen.

The LDS servicemen's committee is doing a fine job, considering the number of LDS men in the armed forces.

But we need missionary tools, such as flannel boards, to help us with our many, many golden opportunities to present the gospel. Can't the Saints

help us by sending these things to servicemen they know?

Also, we need letters from home.

Why don't the Saints and ward leaders write us? It would help 100 percent

if they did. Some young men come to

me and say, "Well, I guess the Church doesn't care about me; not even my

bishop writes."We're trying to serve

our missions here, and we love the

Church. We'll give our support and

hope to build up the Church in this part of the vineyard, but we need your help.

Neal Burton LDS Group Leader USS Kitty Hawk

Era Wrapper

I have a complaint. I've been taking

the Era for years and enjoy it very much, but almost invariably my copy arrives, after its bout with the postal service, so dogeared that I have to patch it back together with tape. Can't

it be mailed in a wrapper strong enough to protect it?

Daniel R. Ward

Florissant, Missouri We are investigating the problem and hope to find a satisfactory solution.

"Me and those Golden.

Thanks so much for the wonderful article, Golden those and "Me L.D.S. FILMS IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS It superb is aQuestions"(March).... are available for rental from

article. As a missionary, I have met libraries located in: Aids in treatment of simple sore

don't how know who membersmany City Provo Lake other minor mouth and throat and I Salt questions, butto the golden use Lethbridge Mesa wasn't a neverhave irritations. who member met throat Idaho Falls Los Angeles

it I feel learn. helpwilling to would City York New if to transwere you membersmany

for free brochure. Write all it in article thislate and putChurch magazines. Deseret Book Co., Film Dept. HALLS REMEDY

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

Elder Ormas Don Hawkins Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 HHIIKH oni>

Cochabamba, Bolivia Educational Media Services in learning interested are how If you University Young uniBrigham nonEnglish in allIt will appear cakes, beautiful wedding decorate to Provo, Utah 84601 publications throughoutfied Church of fancy all kinds cakes, birthday South and AmerEurope and Central is big this opportunity pastries, the ica. write information, for For you. Use the handy coupon on to

page 73 to renew your Era. 537INTERMOUIMTAINNorth 1st West,CAKESalt DECORATINGLake City, UtahSCHOOL84103

July 1967 77 many people Many, have prescribed for the American farmer since the "farm problem"was disclosed at the end of World War I. That

problem, however, was one of success, not failure. Nurtured by

the U.S. Department of Agriculture,

by the landgrant college and university system, by taxsupported

Prices agricultural experiment stations, exare LOW tension services, mechanization, in Idaho science, knowhow, and hard work, the American farmer by 1919 had all L.D.S. styles include 50 Some temple demonstrated that he could feed his

in designs parchments. white and latest

Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other own countrymen and part of the accessories. One day rush order service. rest of the world, and still suffer

from frequent "farm surpluses."

Surpluses meant low prices. Low

prices spelled success for the naSend 25c for catalog & samples, refunded on first order. (50c if air mail desired.) tion, but trouble for the farmREXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 producer.

Name - In 1820, 72 out of every 100 gainAddress. fully employed Americans were

City, Zone, State - farmers. Today, six out of every

100 are so employed. America's

farm population has declined steadily from 32 million in 1910 to only Illustrated by Jerry Fetzer 13 million today. These 13 milsubsidies, and marketing arrangeTIRED of PAINTING? lion people till some three and a ments, some American agricultural

half million farms. The number of producers lose ground. In the

HAVE A PAINT FREE HOME! farms in America has been decreasspring of 1967, the National Farmeliminate constant painting ing by approximately 100,000 a ers Organization (NFO) dumped

save on costly repairs and year. milk in ditches and streets, promaintenance

cut fuel bills in winter costs... Yet the major world economic testing an 8-cent per quart price air conditioning

in summer increase the value of problem is shortage of food. Onereceived from processors.

your home third of mankind goes to bed If consumers pay 25 cents a quart

THE ALUMINUM SIDING YOU hungry every night. Population at the supermarket now, should

WASH instead of PAINT increases,several decades,forecastareforrisingthe morenext theyenoughpaythat50?theyOrshouldis milkpaypreciousa dolJustAnd thinkthat's ofonlythepartmoneyof theyou'llbenefitssave andon repaintingsavings. Becausealone! rapidly outside of the bestfed lar a quart? If so, can those who

to Siding refuses or Aluminum sag, shrink, deteriorate.

it for agriThe world's need afford to crack, need or warp, burn. most milk? MATERIALS buy AND areas.

if... your GUARANTEED.chip Won'tWORKMANSHIP ALLSO cultural.. home. reproduction painting take of needs now, advantage our the has been Or will drinker milk American

sponded to by the U.S. Agency for turn to other beverages and foods?

INTRODUCTORY International Development. USAID More than 30 years ago, in the

MONEY SAVING OFFER! (and its predecessors) has been early days of the Roosevelt "New

exporting American knowhow, inDeal,"the government decided the cluding take technical advantage would assistance to in thing Y ti> to levy a tax do was on having about likemoreto know andI a PAINTof yourFREEintroductoryHOME andofferbe given estimate a FREE on Siding. Aluminum agriculture, since President those Harry from money who made

Name S Truman formulated the fundaprocessing agricultural products.

Address mentals of the foreignaid program The revenues should then be used

City Stale 20 years ago. to help raise farm prices by (a)

In the meantime, despite a limiting production and therefore, variety of measures, price supports, by eliminating surpluses, reducing

WESTP. O. STATESBox 1 561 3 CONSTRUCTIONSalt Lake City, Utah

PHONE COLLECT (AC 8011 486 1540 DAY OR NIGHT

78 Improvement Era agers, wholesalers, distributors, ing agreements supported by the and retailers (plus some newsgovernment. Ingeniously, throughAmerican paper, billboard, television, and difficulty and organization, they

advertising men) have all been at may find ways and means to dework. velop their own Nestlelike conFarm To put the sugar beet into the cern. Like that great Swiss

sugar bowl or get the milk into company, their organization could the refrigerator involves many have its own butter and cheese Problem specialists. division, its ice cream and confecIt has been said that the oldline, tion plants, and all the other

individual farmer lacked the desire, manufacturing divisions and marif not the genius, to organize his keting and retailing outlets. Permarket and produce finished goods haps agriculture could thus move

for it. Therefore, it was argued, from Ruritania into the modern

to insure adequate food supply, it is competitive system. Perhaps fashThese Times better for the government to subion designers, exhibiters, cutters,

sidize, sustain, and encourage the manufacturers, and retailers of

By Dr. G. Homer Durham American farmer. Thus prices garments will be employed and

President, Arizona State University could be kept within bounds and operated by stockholders who are the supply, and ( b ) subsidizing the the farms alive. essentially cotton growers and wool

farmer while doing so. With the growth of corporate growers. They might well "diverThe Supreme Court found this to farms, a change may be coming. sify"(as contemporary economic

be unconstitutional in the Hoosac This article is being written in parlance has it) with additional

Mills case, so the government came Maricopa County, Arizona. The fabrics and products from synthetic

back with the "soil bank"idea in county contains nearly a million infiber plants.

the Soil Conservation and Domeshabitants. It ranks probably third, There are signs that such detic Allotment Act of 1934. Price among the three thousandodd U.S. velopments are potentially wellsupports followed. Then came counties, in the value of agriculadvanced. But in many cases, the

marketing controls and the whole tural products it produces annually. farmers, especially the lone, indimenage that has accumulated to the It is one of the richest and best vidual farmers, haven't found the

present time. farm counties in the nation. Of its way to successfully participate in

By midcentury, the U.S. Departnearly one million people, only the corporate revolution. Twenty

ment of Agriculture had become some 1,600 are farmers. A growing years ago, with eight or nine million

the center of the most complex and number of these are corporationsfarmers, the system looked overintricate system of governmentcorporate farms. They are led by whelmingly individualistic.

economic controls probably ever skillful entrepreneurs who have Today, with three and a half known to public administration, become scientific. Computers—not million farms, the picture looks

with farmer committees, loan guesswork or a trip to the feed different. If those 1,600 farmers

systems, quotas, price supports, store—are utilized to determine in Maricopa County, Arizona, with

subsidies, and marketing agreecattle feed. Science and engineertheir financial sagacity, managerial

ments. The system continues today ing play increasing roles. Individskills, and engineering knowhow,

for the basic reason that America, ual farmers who cannot keep up one day decided to organize "Arias well as a good part of the world, with the competition drop out or zona General Farm Products, Inc."

is dependent on the American consolidate forces. and begin to build their factories

farmer for food and fiber. Perhaps the time is coming when and systems, as electronics firms

The American farmer is still a protesting milk producers, rather finance and build factories, there producer of raw materials even than dump the nourishing fluid, could be some remarkable changes when said farm is not a family will organize in corporate fashion. at home and, perhaps in time,

nor an individual farm, but a corpoIn cooperation with bankers and abroad.

rate farm. Before the milk is finally financiers, men of vision, with debt In the meantime, let us hope that

consumed, the cotton shirt worn, financing and corporate financing all farmers, both at home and or the bread buttered, a host of through sales of stock, may decide abroad, continue to produce our salesmen, transporters and shippers, to move beyond the dairymen's daily bread with milk and butter processors and manufacturers, packcooperatives and the milk marketto spare wherever possible! O

July 1967 79 End of an Era

One morning on my way from As we were riding to our stake One good way to save face is the parking lot to my office conference one Sunday morning to keep the lower half shut.

in the Church Office Buildwith our six children, we passed a ing, I stopped momentarily family with fourteen children, at the large excavation also going to conference.

behind the building. A young One of our daughters asked, It was July and time to tell the

man stepped over by me and "What do they have such a big Primary children about the asked what was going on. family for?"Our sevenyear-old pioneer trek across the plains.

I told him it was the son replied, "So they can get After the story was told, the excavation for a large their house cleaned faster!"teacher asked the children to

J. Thompson, draw a picture showing themultistory church—Submitted by Mrs.

administration building. Richfield, Utah crossing of the plains. One young

He replied as he turned and boy drew several airplanes with went down the street, big crosses over them. Puzzled,

"That's too much to spend the teacher asked him to explain on religion."I have been The man who loves truth his picture. Imagine her surprise

thinking since then, how is better than the man who as he explained that'he had much is too much?-Eldred knows it, and the man who finds indeed drawn the lX"ing of the

G. Smith, Patriarch to the happiness in it is better than the planes!—Submitted by Mrs. G.

Church man who loves it.—Confucius Stracke, San Francisco, California

Life Among the Mormons

Day of Rest

By Virginia Maughan Kammeyer

Rising from her bed at dawn, Then nearly late, as was the rule,

Mother got the breakfast on, She took her young to Sunday School;

Laid out all the Sunday clothes, Returned from service with her brood,

Tied a shoelace, wiped a nose, Fixed the meal and gave them food,

Got the children to their chairs, Reminded Dad while he was eating

So they could kneel for morning prayers; That he had another meeting;

Reminded father time was fleeting Even then could not retire

He must leave for priesthood meeting; Had to practice with the choir;

Combed and braided tangled hair, Made a Sabbath call and then

Dressed herself with Sabbath care, Back she went to church again,

Prepared a roast for their return, Opened her book and sang with zest,

And fondly prayed it would not burn; "Beautiful day of peace and rest."

Next Month: Brotherly Love

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

80 Improvement Era THE IDEAL ROOFING FOR CHURCH BUILDINGS AND HOMES

The new Interstate Brick Flat Spanish Clay shingle is a happy solution to Light in Weight a thorny problem... building a strong, permanent roof that is also light High in Strength

in weight at reasonable cost. Available in a wide variety of firedin colors, Low in Cost

Flat Spanish Clay shingles harmonize with any style of architecture.

I COMPANY

3100 SOUTH 1100 EAST SALT LAKE CITY

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

The family most likely to

succeed

... will have the help of

Beneficial Life Insurance.

Insurance can be a source of security and comfort to your family—but it can also

be a means of improving the quality of life for each family member. Beneficial

Life has policies that provide immediate estates for your family; policies that

take care of your retirement in comfort;

policies that create funds for missions and college educations; policies that

safeguard the family home. The family

most likely to succeed as afamily will use the advice of their Beneficial Life Agent to create security and opportunity through insurance.

JLjjJLi L tI JL.J.JL""pTpTATJLv, JLxIl.M. a TJljlmTTTTi1l JLJ

(Jn ffinwanu

Virgil H. Smith, Prcs. Salt Lake City, Utah