JUNE 1947 tfTUIN WSTASE CUAIANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1. UTAH

;$i

. """:--,

m emenf Era A

, nui Ji\-ii rijiii:,:v -. 4$&&'<y':&w% --'-

LISTEN... i>eeo inugf?j

A PAGE FROM THE FLAME FAMILY SCRAPBOOK

evitt, NO NOISE, NO WEAR t6e GAS REFRIGERATOR

In a refrigerator, "silence is golden."And the gas refrigerator is silent because its freezing system has no moving

parts. A tiny gas flame miraculously produces cold from

heat. Hence, there's no wear. * Thousands of gas refrigerators have been in carefree use for over 20 years; 2,000,000

happy owners attest yearon-year dependability and economy. * Today's advanced design includes a giant frozenThe West Prefers]

food locker that holds up to 60 packages... BIG ice trays

... dewaction vegetable crispers... many other "musthave"features. * So before you decide, stop at your dealer's

or gas company's showrooms... look at this 1947 beauty

... listen for noise you'll never hear! QUICK. CLEAN DEPENDABLE FLEXIBLE ECONOMIC

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving. Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities

—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

Atto tljat latu of tlj? lanb tuljtrii is rottattitttiottal, supporting tb,at prinriple of fmoom

t maintaining rights ana pritrilrgea, belongs to all mankind, ann ia jnaiifiabf* foforr nw.

(B. & ffi. 9B:5.)

JUNE 1947 353 MAKE YOUR TEACHING GRAPHIC, IMPRESSIVE

... (jJiiJfL (pJudtWiBA

Whether you teach children, youth or adults, pic- \ tures help you CONCENTRATE ATTENTION, SAVE

TIME AND WORDS, BUILD CONCEPT. Ask for—

SUNDAY SCHOOL NURSERY PACKET: 44 beautiful colored pictures IOV2 x 12". Worth

$4.00—Now, while they last per paclcet. 4>1.5(J

SUNDAY SCHOOL KINDERGARTEN PACKET:

29 beautiful colored and black and white pictures specially selected by General Board. Worth

$2.50—Now, while they last per packet... $1-00

SUNDAY SCHOOL KINDERGARTEN lOYFUL LIVING"

PACKET: Specially selected for this course. Colorful,

interesting. The children are delighted with

them. Worth $4.00—Now per packet $1.50

SUNDAY SCHOOL PRIMARY CLASS PACKET:

All directly related to lessons. Selected by General Board for beauty and appropriateness.

Worth $1.00—Now per packet 50c

OLD TESTAMENT PACKET:

The stories of the Old Testament in pictures. Invaluable in all departments. Colorful, vivid aids

to teaching. Worth $3.00—Now per packet. $1.50

NEW TESTAMENT PICTURES:

The Life of Christ and Acts of the Apostles told in

G8 delightful pictures. A boon and a bargain

for every teacher. Worth $5.00—Now per packet

$2.50 LIFE OF CHRIST WALL CHART PICTURES: Beautiful, large 19"x 23", suitable for large classes, pageants, programs. Includes birth,

childhood, ministry, parables, miracles, the passion week, crucifixion, resurrection of Jesus. Sets

1, 2, 3, and 4 each $2.00 Set No. 5 $1.00. 70

pictures combined price $8.00

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple P. O. Box 958 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Enclosed is $: (add 2% Sales Tax in Utah). Please send packets, sets or charts as checked above.

Name (please print) Address

City and State.

354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *..''.:'':'',

l lWUHMR5P> 1947 SBm I By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Britain found l8 Great the war"Touring H 19?n fields in onion annual weeds*"that 2l 25 spraying controlled 26 by wellcould be 27It to 28 of up solution acid sulfuricwith a

fourteen percent. The cylindrical onion

leaves are upright and waxy so that the spray runs off or does not penetrate, while the weed leaves are usually flat and in a horizontal plane without the waxy protection.

A GIANT super calculator machine has *"* been built at the University of

Pennsylvania with the name of Electronic Numerical Integrator and Computor, or ENIAC for short. An allelectronic, thirtyton giant with nearly

18,000 vacuum tubes fitted into one hundred feet of panels, it can do all sorts of mathematical chores. This

machine, which can multiply a fivefigure number by another equally long number five hundred times and get the answer in a second, for its first real problem worked out a one hundred manyear computing job in two weeks.

Agricultural relations with Latin *"* America are being improved by shipping ten Guernsey heifers by air from New Jersey to Colombia, to be followed by about five hundred more to be used as seed stock. Cultural ties

are to be strengthened by a fiveyear archeological project undertaken by the

United Fruit Company in Guatemala to restore ancient ruins. The first project is at Zaculeu, onetime capital of

the Mam Maya kingdom.

LETTUCE SALAD named City, Washington, "VTakima a of of June and garden month The incorpotribe, Indian * for was the... in inseparable your are they as roses Pacific Northern 1879. in rated The

is lettuce a crisp as of thoughts summer site four its station on a placed Railway

Saltines savory plate by of a salad and the town, of whence northwest miles the town moved in 1884, after considerPurity. They go together!

able controversy. The entire town of For light, nourishing, warmweather

one hundred buildings was moved on meals, serve easy -to -prepare soups and rollers and skids, the hotel and some salads with fresh, flaky Saltines.

stores doing business en route. This

new site changed its name from North

Yakima in 1918 to Yakima, and Yakima became Union Gap.

>f Cixty to ninety percent reduction in *r tooth decay by the use of vitamin

K in chewing gum was obtained in tests at Northwestern University Dental

School.

T)enicillin has been mixed with ice

T cream so that it can be given by mouth instead of by a hypodermic inPURITY B ISCUITC6MP ANY S ft L T L M K & jection.

355 JUNE 1947 (J&IH LentennCa Jke Lcover AFTER traveling almost numberless enlarged July ismiles of desert reaches, ANsue of the Era will

Pioneers the features special carry to make hunindicate one their waystill overhad QmpMiifibra to mountains untraveled and through uncharted JUNE 1947 VOLUME 50, NO. 6 dredin theyearsChurchof sinceprogressthe

that canyons. Wagons first entered

hub deep sunk had valley. An in "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"PioneersSalt Lake

sand now had to ride Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement especially stimulating upon hastily constructAssociations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward article, "The Educaed roads, chopped and Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of tional Level of the Latchiseled through trees Latterday Saints terday Saints,"has and stone. Yet the been prepared as well

faith and courage of as such articles as the Pioneers remained "Science Confirms the

And in undaunted.

their wagon circles at Word"Marriageof Wisdom,"and the had they night Family,"fun, Jke (Ldltord J-aae Mormon singing, and dancing Proph- "Latterday recthrough cementing belief reation their in The Story of a Generous Man George Albert Smith 357 eciesPromiseFulfilled,"and Its Ful-"A each other as well as filment."A special

in their religion. message from the First

The painting Presidency of Echo Uhurcn jreatured by William Canyon cluded. Manyis eminentalso inadapt- was Jackson H. will writers qualified ly the for Smith's First Mission George Albert Hal President use by cover ed to inthis issue, in appear 358 Nibley Preston - Church San- L. O. and Rumel cluding Dr. A. John

to 361 Permission Benson ders. Taft Ezra Responsibility.. Dr. Harold Widtsoe, Major A was painting use the L. Dr. George Snow, 363 Bruce Donald M. Brigham Young Letter from A Dr. Howgranted by Dr. Milton R. Stewart,

ard R. Driggs, to Era Centennial Campaign Sets New Record Hunter, Marba C. Jowhom Mr. Jackson John D. Giles 364 sephson, and Anna

presented the original. Honor Awards for Scoutmasters and Senior Leaders.... 370 Prince Redd.

* Westward with the Saints, Journal of Horace K, Whitney..371 turesSomein thefourbodycolorof picthe

How the Desert Was Tamed—Part VI...John A, Widtsoe 372 magazine as well as a

Editors illustrated beautifully Pioneers to Utah Albert Smith Wyoming—Pathway of the Mormon George will add twopage map Boyack 374 Noble Hazel Widtsoe John A. this of to the value

Managing Editor To Brigham Young—A Tribute William E. Berrett 381 special edition. The

Richard L Evans To Help a Neighbor...Roscoe W. Eardley 388 regular features will

Assistant Managing also appear, suitably

Editor June Highlights in Church HisPriesthood: Melchizedek 394 adapted to the centenDoyle L. Green tory 376 Aaronic 396 nial theme.

..394 Column.. NoLiquor-Tobacco 380 Gleaner Dear Editor Associate -.397 382 Ward Teaching Church Moves On * Josephson The Marba C.

General Manager Executive and Editorial

George Q. Morris Offices:

Associate Manager Special featured 50 North Main Street,

Lucy G. Cannon Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

Business Manager Democracy and Religion in Czechoslovakia..Olga K* Miller 366 Copyright 1947 by MuJohn D. Giles Centennial Award Winners 377 tual Funds, Inc., a CorAssociates Editorial J. Moffitt The Spoken Word from Temple Square....Richard L* Evans 378 Men'sporationMutualof theImproveYoung Elizabeth

Albert L. Zobell, Jr. Let's Talk It Over Mary Brentnall 385 ment Association of the

of Christ Jesus of Church Lundstrom Harold 392 Hints FrankUniverse, the Handy Exploring All Saints. Latterday

Advertising National 355 Harris, lin S. Corner, Josephine B. rights reserved. Cook's SubscripRepresentatives DurTimes, G. Jr.Homer These tion price, a year, $2.00 393 Nichols S. Townsend, Edward 360 --- ham in single advance; 20c 414 Events Francisco and Centennial San 390 the Bookrack On copy. Angeles Los 416 and Ours File, Page Your Confidence on Homing: Entered Post the at

Bolle, and Dougan 392 Phil Hannum Office, Salt City, Lake and Chicago

Utah, as secondclass York New for matter. Acceptance

Member, Circulations Audit Bureau of Cditoriaid postagemailing atprovidedspecial ratefor ofin section 1 103, Act of Ocof Address:.Change tober authorized 1917, A* Widtsoe 384 Girls, Noblesse Oblige!—John Gleaner Men, re- M notice days'Fifteen 1918. 2, 384 July Harold Lundstrom Ordained Least The of adfor change quired Era Improvement The

dress. When ordering a is not responsible for unchange, please include solicited manuscripts, but

slip from address a toriei, Joetru welcomes contributions.

of the magarecent issue changes zine. Address unless Hole in the Rock—Chapter VI Anna Prince Redd 368 Allaccompaniedmanuscriptsbymustsuffibe cannot be made

for delivery well as as address the old 391 cient postage Poetry Page 353 Frontispiece and return. included. the one is new Prayer, Thomas D. Hunt....397 Inez Clark Thorson Together, 362 A

Caution, O. F. Ursenbach 380

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE STORY OF A GENEROUS MAN

Dm j-mdiaent Lfeorae bribed Smith

ONEwhomday Ionhadthe knownstreet Isincemet boyhood.a friend Thenthe bankwhenforthetithing.bishopI comesknow whyand wantsit's there.me

I had not visited with him for some to make a contribution for the chapel or give time, and I was interested in being brought him a check for a missionary who is going up to date concerning his life, his problems, away, if I think he needs the money, I give and his faith, therefore I invited him to go to him a check. If a family in the ward is in

a conference in Utah County with me. He distress and needs coal or food or clothing or

drove his fine car (the make of car I was anything else, I write out a check. If I find

drivinghad n6t been received into society a boy or a girl who is having difficulty getting at that time ). He took his wife, and I took through school in the East, I send a check.

mine. Little by little I exhaust the thousand dollars,

At the conference, I called on him to speak. and every dollar of it has gone where I know

I did not know what it might do to him, but it has done good. Now, what do you think of

I thought I would take a chance. He made that?"

a fine talk. He told of his trips to the East, "Well,"I said, "do you want me to tell

how he explained the gospel to the people he you what I think of it?"

met, and how grateful he was for his heritage. He said, "Yes."

He stated that his opportunities in the world I said: "I think you are a very generous

had been magnified and multiplied because man with someone else's property."And he

his father and mother had joined the Church nearly tipped the car over.

in the Old World. He said, "What do you mean?"

As we drove home, he turned to me and I said, "You have an idea that you have said: "My, this has been a wonderful conpaid your tithing?"

ference. I have enjoyed it.""Yes,"he said.

I thought to myself he was like one of our I said: "You have not paid any tithing.

sisters who came home from fast meeting and You have told me what you have done with said to her family: "That is the best meeting the Lord's money, but you have not told me

I ever attended."that you have given anyone a penny of your

One of the daughters said: "Well, Mother, own. He is the best partner you have in the

who spoke?"And then her mother replied, world. He gives you everything you have,

"I did."even the air you breathe. He has said you

I thought he had enjoyed it because he should take onetenth of what comes to you himself had participated. I was glad he had. and give it to the Church as directed by the

Then he said: "You know I have heard Lord. You haven't done that; you have taken

many things in this conference, but there is your best partner's money, and have given only one thing that I do not understand the it away."

way you do."Well, I will tell you there was quiet in

I said: "What is it?"the car for some time. We rode on to Salt

"Well,"he said, "it is about paying tithLake City and talked about other things.

ing."About a month after that I met him on the

He thought I would ask him how he paid street. He came up, put his arm in mine, and

his tithing, but I did not. I thought if he said: "Brother Smith, I am paying my tithing

wanted to tell me, he would. He said: "Would the same way you do."I was very happy to

you like me to tell you how I pay my tithing?"hear that.

I said, "If you want to, you may."Not long before he died, he came into my

"Well,"he said, "if I make ten thousand office to tell me what he was doing with his dollars in a year, I put a thousand dollars in own money.

JUNE 1947 357

II

1891, of October missionaries,Thefoundbeginningthe two

George Albert Smith and William B. Dougall, Jr., at Paragoonah, Ljeome rlbert Jwillkiin Iron County, Utah. The -weather

was cold, and there was a light fall of snow on the ground which presaged an early winter. October I, 1891, was Sunday, and FIRST MISSION

the two elders attended fast meeting. The following is from the diary, at the telegraph office, also at Sister West's

feel Mary's. eyes a little Aunt Mywritten that day: and

well. are and myself weak. both Wilb Had

first fortyfive feeling at eight Arose rate. ato goodbe at timehomechoppingas usual. wood. Would like

fallen in the night. had morning TheSnow

clear. Went to fast meeting. Spoke to the

few young men who had been asked to come. October 4, 1891, was Sunday, and

... Expect to go to Parowan in a few minthe elders attended the meetings at

utes. Cloudy and looks like storm. Studied Parowan.

most all day. Went to Parowan in an open

wagon, the weather bitter cold. Stood up Arose at eight o'clock.... Went to the

most of the way. Arrived at Brother OlSunday School as usual. Spoke to the

lertson's home just at dark. Was kindly school. Invited to speak in the afternoon.

received. Went to meeting and spoke thirtyfive minutes. A meeting was appointed for the eveThe night was cold, and in the ning. We called at the home of Sister

... Left just atmorning there was a heavy frost on West. Maggie not at home.

the ground. The diary continues: darking justfor meeting;on time. gotHadlosta andfinegotmeeting;to meet-a

Last night was very cold; a heavy frost goodutes.. attendance... Spoke fortythree minon the ground this morning. Arose after a

rest. good night's and walk Took a saw The diary continues:

family.Aunt are nearly Mary and They

WILBY DOUGALL all sick. has got Aunt boy. Mary a baby 1891. 5, at Parowan, October Arose his of 18, 1896. eight At the time marriage November

folks here at Brother Ollertson's..The have o'clock. clothes to of age. years some 27 Aunt was. Took He

got two little children like Clare and Sib. Mary's. Went to the telegraph office and

Helped Brother Ollertson to make a grain telegraphed to Mother and got an answer.

bin. Broke my watch chain. Got a letter... Went with Brother Dougall in a cart larger than the mare. The harness was at

from Louis Wells and a telegram from to fill an appointment at Paragoonah. We one time leather, but it is patched with

Father. Studied most all day. Called at had a fine time. The house was full. I rope now, and looks like hard times. The

Brother Adams to hear Wilb play the piano. lectured on the divinity of the Bible. wagon is a hard looking affair and the bed

is twisted so that it looks like it is tipping off. quite that cut a grotesque Al- "Aunt poking Mary"George We brethren returned to Parowan The along with umbrella over horse anbert his writes father's about was us—onefigure, late at night. entry is next The willing to the pull load the horse other andsister. in at born She was Parowan 6. there, dated willing October that that she should. found We shortly after 1852, distinguished her his Bishop Dalley but away, was met we

father, George A. Smith, led a colArose at seven thirty and took a little exfather who asked us to come and take dinony to southern Utah to open up ercise.... We took our lists of names and ner with him. We did so and found that

I started three out; of found out, ten it but the wife. bishop's birthday a of wasthat vast for settlement. area

. rest. all feels right. As a see the.. Wilb in Held evening the meeting a which was.. Wewill girl married to Peteryoung she was ate the family dinner with and West a well attended. Brother to Heybourne came

A. Wimmer. She became the mother good one it was too. Held a meeting in the meet us. We all stayed at Joseph Dalley's.

of eight children. evening and talked thirtyfive minutes. Wrote to Mother and Brother Bourne.

George Albert mentions the fact Wrote to Don and George Hansen. Summit, October 9. Arose at eight fifteen.

that his companion "Wilb"went to Parowan, October 7, 1891. Arose at seven... We started with Brother Charles Heythe home of Brother Adams to play fifteen.... I stood on the ground where bourne for Cedar, behind a pair of cayuses,

the piano. I have learned from the Brother Ed Dalton was shot by Thompson. one of them wild. Arrived at Cedar at

... We were tendered twelve ten.... We went to the telegraphbrother and sisters of Elder Dougall Wrote to Lew Peck.

that he was a very accomplished aofsociableParowan.by theWeYoungmet Ladies'quite aAssociationcrowd of officeto Lucybut andno wordLouis.wasCalledthere foron us.the Wrotebishop

pianist and at one time thought of young folks. Brother Ollerton makes it as and counselors of the Y.M.M.I.A. Saw

following music as a career. But now pleasant as he possibly can. Retired at one Sister Mary Ann Lunt and Brother George

he was a missionary and was enjoy- o'clock. Wood. Is Lucy sick?

ing that experience.

Parowan, October 8, 1891. Arose at nine Cedar City, October 10, 1891. Arose

The diary continues o'clock, feeling pretty well. Bid the folks early and was pleased to find a letter from

goodbye. Left for Summit with the funLucy on the table. Had breakfast and

Parowan, October 3, 1891. Arose at niest outfit. The off horse was a little started to take a walk.... I had

eight o'clock. The weather quite cold. The brown mare, about as big as an Indian seventyfive names to call on, which I did

sky bright and clear.... Read one hundred pony. The other horse was a sorrel and as before four o'clock. We had dinner at five

and seventyfive pages. Called with Wilb lazy as they make them. He was a little o'clock. Wrote to E. Tanner, L. M. Smith

358 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The brethren now received a call from Brother Maeser, the son of

Karl G. Maeser, to return to MinersDm [-reiton r libtey ville.

Cedar City, October 16, 1891. Arose at

eight o'clock feeling pretty well. Got a

postal from R. Maeser. Packed my grip

for Minersville. Bid some of our friends

goodbye. Started for Minersville in very

pleasant company with a good team. We tL were stopped by Brother George Wood as CHURCH we were leaving and I was given a specimen

of iron ore.... Singing and funny anecdotes

at river the Cedar. refers to water doubt Woodruff.] no Emily [Lucyand Had L.E.W.

.. turned the day. of order the ] were We arforty-five for at eleven Started Kanarra hundred the fine in evening.a meeting One let to the of dugway. road the out on

thirty. over riving at went present. two sixand We it as folks pass was and Brother Wood's

in. invited us were but nobody town Weall over. tipped nearly quite The steep we to 11, 1891. City, October Cedar Charles Went Brother accompanied Heyby all to watched be had and horses were the to Primary School. Talked last our to putSunday asked us a bourne. At man just at destination got to our time. the Wewild to and the meeting school after went a accepted.and gladly which Took team up we

... us. welcomed dark. Brother Walker

St. of George.listened Brother McAllister to of the canyon. the to walk The mouth

... folks at Brother young for a best splendid. water Met some means was The

at 17, Arose 1891. Minersville, October I Spoke meeting. is that afforded good everWebster's. here reservoir Had a natural

Bid thirty... up town. walk seven. Took athirty into cliffs solid minutes. of rock open saw. Large

a little valley, the distance between the our friends goodbye as they started for

Cedar City, October 12, 1891. Arose and opening being about fifteen feet. I felt free Cedar. Called on Brother Dotson. Saw

went to the post office. Got a letter from here in the canyon and offered up a prayer Brother J. R. Rawlins. He is next to the

Called of the Church. living member it as I got as soon inLucy. to for heart Father Read Heavenly my letter my my

of drink good got a at Sister Baker's and cold. quite more in his toand got people every kindness way. Was my hands hisA oldest

meetof Notified people a water. few well the horses were to where walk back town

watered and the wild one of the two kicked ing. Most of the young men are away from

... Brother Heybourne on the hip. We seem home.

to be the means of breaking wild horses in at 1891. 18, Arose October Minersville, fence the this sat country. around on We partto trying after keep o'clock eight my in. invited store's us steps one but no and

Broth-... Bid hours. for five ner covered up as Finally the bishop he and came home

passed gave us an invitation to go home er Maeser goodbye; took a walk; went to

to the Sunday School. Spoke that Sunday accept but found did not with him. We

like to see School a few moments. Would thirty. called for seven a meeting had been

Expect or longer. for moments a few Lucy Brother to where Roundy's then went We a little People seem Beaver. at a letter... the house. went in and our horses were

Went to meeting. Their meetinghouse offish someway. Bishop's little boy took a

burned last February so they met in a pritumble in a tank of water today and was first. is years three only feet taken out He about people vate came, A few

full of is feet six deep and old. tank The association, thirty. the organized and house.We eve-.. the invited to spend water.. Was fifteen about minBrother spoke Heybourne

utes, Wilb thirty, and I talked ten minning at Mrs. Marshall's. Had a fine meetutes. After meeting, Brother Griffin asked ing at two o'clock, the Methodist minister

me to go home with him which I did and being present.

took Wilb with me, Brother H. going with

the bishop. The Church bell here is a cow The next entry reveals that the

bell. missionaries journeyed to the town

which George Albert, in his humorous way, designated as Pancake.

After remaining over night in They hitched a ride "on a load of

Kanarra, the missionaries journeyed wheat."back to Cedar.

HARRIET RICHARDS DOUGALL Minersville, October 19, 1891. Arose at

Wife of Wilby Dougall Kanarra, October 15, 1891. Arose at seven thirty. Had a light breakfast. Left

eight thirty and found a plate of nice grapes on a load of wheat for Pancake, Brother than pleased to learn that Lucy is well on the table waiting for us. I ate of them Walker being teamster. Stopped after a

again. Took a long walk and got some quite heartily.... We met Brother Beebee, tedious ride of four hours at our destination,

specimens of flint. Was introduced to Sisbishop of Virgin.... We started for Cedar. being directed to Sister Kelly's home. We

ter Williams at the home of Brother Urie, A man stopped us to ask a question; we left our grips and started out to find the

where some books were kept to which I tried to start but the horses concluded to president. Had dinner with him, salt rising

lecof a I feel rocky. Gave notice all at bread. and to desired stop. access. laughing sat there West, Joseph Wrote when We

fine. meetinghouse. Weather the ture in able kick, to run, he started to read I don't think will be they but rear, and once it. Had

dinner with Brother Daniel Pendleton and we got to Cedar all right. Washed in lye This is the town of towns. The town proper

it was splendid. Spent the evening at the water. Wrote L.E.W. and Frank in answer is on the north side of Beaver river. About

home of Thomas Taylor, Wilb playing the to letters received.... We were the guests twenty families living there. Log houses

piano, etc., had a pleasant time. Received at a pleasant party gotten up in our behalf. of one and two rooms abound here, but in

a box of grapes from John Batty. No Had a peculiar experience in Tucker. the town some brick houses are seen. Sagecharges,... Everybody treated me well. Was asked brush and greasewood as high as the head

to play the harmonica but refused. Spoke are found in all the side streets. Had a meetCedar City, October 14, 1891. Arose at a few words of appreciation. Arrived home ing and gave a lecture in the schoolhouse.

seven o'clock. Drank some lye water. [This tired out. Telegraphed to Mother. ( To be continued)

JUNE 1947 359 LOW THBUI By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

the Institute of Director of Government, "it might be of interest to observe that University Utah of in 1917 when the communists overthrew the Russian government there was one TO SAN FRANCISCO

QnW (18081887)April 13, rose1862, in Johnthe standTaylorto CommunistthereRussia.is oneIn forcommunistthe everyUnited2,277forStateseverypersonstoday1,814in

speak in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. Said persons in the country."

he: struggling are and now "We exCommunists are prolific letterto- pect relito struggle to have for our

gious, social, and political rights."Althe-editor writers; they persistently

most eightyfive years later, to the day, seek radio channels; Hollywood and

J. Edgar Hoover appeared before a the film industry have been effectively

committee of the United States House "used"; with five percent of a union's

of Representatives and made a statemembership, the union can be conment which indicates that eternal vigitrolled; foreign language and racial

lance is indeed the price of liberty. The groups have been a special communist

occasion for the Federal Bureau of Intarget for the past eighteen months; the

vestigation chief's remarks was the government has been "infiltrated"; the

current concern over communism in former "Young Communist League"

America. Said he, "The best antidote now called "American Youth for

Democracy,"other and numerous intelligent, is vigorous, to communism "front"organizations reFAST and ECONOMICAL exist; all were oldfashioned eternal with Americanism

vigilance."ported to Congress in Mr. Hoover's For example:

address. COACH FARES % R?RT What to do? Mr. Hoover's recomIUTr. Hoover said that the actual nummended action is "eternal vigilance."San Francisco *17.16 *32.3G

ber of American communists is He is opposed to driving this "fifth Add 15% Federal Tax unknown because "there are many actucolumn"underground, but wants it kept al, members who because of their posiin the open. Knowing this, the "comtion are not carried on party rolls."He mies"will obviously blend their acdid suggest, however, that real comtivities with the protective coverage of,

munist influence penetrates the followquite probably, such names as "Ameriing select groups: cans United for Peace by Eliminating

1. "Ministers of the gospel"the Communist Menace!"How be

2. Teachers who "under the guise of vigilant?

academic freedom can teach our youth a way of life that eventually will deJVodern men are not saved, nor can mwwmmw stroy: the of sanctity the home,

... in God,.. and. our revered... Confaith ters. be, in ignorance of political matCHAIRDE LUXECARSRECLININGstitution"

Said eightyfive Taylor years John TOURIST SLEEPERS 3. Labor of whom groups—some are ago: "In point a political of view we "infiltrated, dominated, or saturated

.,. doubts. have had STANDARD as PULLMANS However, wewith the virus of communism."have progressed the mist rehas been Bedrooms, Drawing Rooms,

moved, and... the elders of Israel beCompartments

]M"ew York state, says Mr. Hoover, gin to understand... that it is as much

leads in the number of enrolled their duty to study correct political DINING CAR party members (30,000), followed by principles as well as religion, and to Sensible Prices

California (8,553); Illinois (6,500); seek and know and comprehend the THROUGH PULLMANS

Ohio (3,838); Oregon (3,654); Washsocial and political interests of man, Coast to Coast

ington (2,752); New Jersey (2,487); and to learn and be able to teach that

and Michigan (2,135). The communist which would be best calculated to proAIR-CONDITIONED

Daily Worker boasts 74,000 members mote the interests of the world."COMFORT

on the rolls. But, continues the United VL

States official, "What is important is Perhaps a little more "study of corthe claim the of themselves communists rect political principles"information call; more For by

that for every party there member, are people would in these while be worth H. R. COULAM,ten willing, others ready, able and to do times. General Agentthe lies party's work. the greatHerein

South Street 48 Main est menace of communism. For these Phone 4-6351

are the people who infiltrate and corrupt various spheres of American life."True principles will abide, while JJ

As a result, the test of communist inall false principles will fall with fluence is its ability to infiltrate. "In those who choose and cleave to

this connection,"says J. Edgar Hoover, them.—Brigham Young WESTERN PACIFIC

360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MAJOR

RESPONSIBILITY

June 1830 Samuel Harrison ju Llder Czra Uaft i5en5on

INSmith trudged down a country OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE road in New York state on the first official missionary journey in the

Church in this dispensation. He had

been set apart by his brother Prophet. This first missionary traveled

twentyfive miles that first day without disposing of a single copy of the new and strange book which he carried on his back. Seeking lodging

for the night, faint and hungry, he was turned away—after briefly explaining his mission—with the

words: "You d—d liar, get out of

my house. You shan't stay one minute with your books."1 Continuing

his journey, discouraged and with heavy heart, he slept that first night under an apple tree.

So began, in the most inauspicious way, the missionary work of the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times, through the restored Church, the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints.

Nearly one hundred and seventeen years have come and gone since that first humble missionary set out "Get out of my house. You shan't stay one minute with your books!"

to carry the message of salvation to a confused world. In fulfilment of

the first of three allimportant Godall parts of the world, enduring expended from fortyfive to sixty at effort million missionary days of great physical hardship and unregiven mandates, this great work has inloss of personal Families persecution. lenting a cost, through havegone forward through the years unbeen left behind—often in dire come and expense for living, of moreabated. It is a dramatic chapter in

laboring the hardthan two hundred twentyfive tothe history of a peculiar people. But straits—willinglyin all the annals of Christendom er to provide means for "their misthree hundred million dollars—and it all there this does not include any costs ofthere is no greater evidence of coursionary."And through

have been a joy and satisfaction transportation to and from or in theage, willingness to sacrifice, and unbounded devotion to duty. Men, which have caused families at home field, costs of administration at home

to express gratitude for special blessor abroad, nor expense of local mishave andwomen, children—all

joined in this heroic effort with no ings received, and the missionaries sionary service.

invariably to refer to this period as Probably no group of people ofhope of material reward.

"the happiest time of my life."comparable size in all the world have

These ambassadors of the Lord made such a freewill offering to the estimated firmly as believe Tt has been they that more Jesus Christ, this than spread of righteousness—and to be,themselves trudged have fifty fulltime missionthousand from people who are not wealthy

through mud and snow, swum rivaries have served the Church since and who, in addition, are expected to ers, and gone without the common 1 830, to say nothing of the thousands contribute one tenth of their interest necessities of food, shelter, and of local men andwomen who have annually to "the work of the Lord,"clothing, in response to the call. performed valiant missionary service according to the ancientmodern law

Voluntarily fathers and sons left at home, numbering currently more of the tithe.

homes, families, and jobs to go to than two thousand in the organized Why? What is it that brings forth

faithful Zion. stakes of emisThese such sacrifice of and time, means, Smith, Mack ucy History of the Prophet Joseph,

saries, abroad, have 1902 edition, 153. gone have p. who (Continued on page 362)

JUNE 1947 361

A MAJOR RESPONSIBILITY

{Continued from page 361 men,"and that the field was "white it be one soul unto me, how great shall be the comforts and sweet associations already to harvest."(ibid., 4:1, 4.) your joy with him in the kingdom of my

of home? The early converts were charged Father! (ibid., 18:15.)

Is it not the burning conviction with the burden of the responsibility and that if many souls were conthat God has again revealed himself as follows: verted, their joy would be multipliedto man on the earth, reestablished

accordingly. All these in the and many

withhis Church with all the gifts and serviceTherefore,of God,O seeye thatthatye embarkserve him glorious other promises were made blessings enjoyed in former days, all your heart, might, mind and strength, even before the Church was formalcommittedand that Priesthood blameless stand his Holy ye may before God ly organized, April 6, 1830.

(ibid., last at the day. 4:2.)again authority to exto men with

itercise for chilthe blessing of his

They were counseled ever to "pOLLOWiNG the organization, men it isdren? Yes, without doubt, the

personal testimony of the divinity of... remember that it is not the work of and women were baptized and

this great latterday work, faith in God that is frustrated, but the work of worthy brethren ordained to the the commands which have been men. {ibid., 3:3.) priesthood and set apart to cry regiven in this and all past dispensaIn consoling, confidenceinspiring pentance and to deliver the message

tions regarding the purposes of the words, the Lord admonished them to of the restored gospel. Even greater

in the revpromises were embodiedAlmighty, our responsibility as and.. of followed, elations which many children,his covenant the knowlearth and. fearhellnot,combinelittle flock;againstdoyou,good;for letif

edge that God lives and loves his ye are built upon my rock, they cannot which referred in no uncertain terms children, and the conviction that it prevail.... Look unto me in every thought; to the solemn responsibility resting

is our mission to build and save men doubt not, fear not. (ibid., 6:34, 36.) upon the restored Church to preach

everywhere. These early elders were cautioned the word. In the fall of that same

From the days of Father Adam to that year came the word of the Lord the days of the Prophet Joseph through the Prophet as follows:

this in except... one can assist work noSmith and his successors, whenever

full love, shall of {ibid., For verily, verily, I say unto you that ye be humble he and

the priesthood has been on the earth, 12:8.) are called to lift up your voices as with the

a major responsibility has been the sound of a trump, to declare my gospel preaching of the saving eternal unto a crooked and perverse generation.

field is to already behold, the white For TOGETHERprinciples of of plan the gospel—the it is harvest; the hour, eleventh and and

salvation. these Father Adam taught Clack Thorson By Inez I shall into the last time call laborers that

things children. to (Pearl his own (ibid., 33:2, 3.) my vineyard,

care takes kindness, and God's Jt Price,of Great 5:12.) ConMoses

rain, the sunshine and * The sider long of years Noah's it plain to these The Lord made tiller, soil, the the plow, misThe sionary effort and the preachings of To grow a field of grain. humble ambassadors that they were

all the ancient prophets, {ibid., 8: And we in God's great vineyard, "... preparing the way of the Lord

1 6-20. ) Each in his day was comIn bright and stormy weather, for his second coming,"and that the

a reap Can never the to carry gospel at harvest time that soon message wasmanded hand he should together! work we "...to the children of in a cloud with them Unless and call men come power and

to repentance as the only means of great glory."(ibid., 34:6, 7.)

escaping pending judgments. The And yet they were given such conIn referring to the "eleventh hour,

Master made crystal clear the great vincing assurance that the thought and the last time that I shall call mission of his ancient apostles to of failure never entered their hearts. laborers into my vineyard,"the Lord

"Go ye therefore, and teach all naAs testimonies of the truth of the made it clear that this is the last tions...."(Matthew 28:19.) mission of the Prophet Joseph were dispensation and a period foreorIn the early visits of the resurborne in upon their hearts, they often dained from the beginning not to be

rected Moroni to the Prophet Joseph asked the Prophet to inquire of the overcome by the powers of evil.

Smith, it was emphasized that the Lord as to "that which would be of This, too, was most reassuring to

Prophet's name would be known for most worth"unto them. The answer these early elders. And yet at times,

good or evil throughout the world, came clear and unequivocal: then, as now, all were not fully faithful. effectively failed to use the Some scripture ofand that new volume

behold, now, I say unto you, And talents the that the with which Lord had the restored gospeland message, the thing of the which will be worth most which it contained, would be carried unto you will be to declare repentance unto blessed them "because of the fear of to the entire world this people, that you may bring souls unto man."With these the Lord registerme, that you may rest with them in the ed his displeasure because they

disciples, of the mouths... by my whom kingdom of my Father, (ibid., 15:6.) would not open their mouths and

last in these days.I have chosen (D. &. C.

1:4.) Great promises were made to proclaim his word.

these early missionaries. They... wo unto such, for mine anger is

"IVflORE than a year before the were told that "... the worth of kindled against them, (ibid., 60:2.)

Church was organized, the souls is great in the sight of God"The fearful, however, were the

Lord revealed through the Prophet (ibid, 8:10) and that if they exception, and, as the work adthat "a marvelous work is about to... should labor all your days in crying vanced, the promises made to these

come forth among the children of repentance unto this people, and bring, save ( Continued on page 398 362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and is very well preserved considering the letter is almost ninety years old. LETTER/ It is interesting to note that in this

letter Brigham Young deals very 5riaham ovivia muchterritorywithof Utahhis desirebecometo ahavepart theof the Union. The fact that he men- f

tions the power of the press to bring

By DONALD M. BRUCE unfavorable comment against the

Saints, and his attempts to turn the power of the newspapers to our faBrigham Young seemed to posin St. Louis on October 20, 1858. vor, through the writings of Brother

sess an amazing faculty for This was his second trip to the George Q. Cannon, show how farexpressing his personal feelstates that year. It was during the sighted this great leader was.

ings in writing. This is aptly shown time when the United States troops

in the many excellent articles which were occupying some of the com- I-Tis relating of the slaying of a he wrote during his period of Church munities of the Saints. This letter brother in the line of his duty

leadership, but even a better examwas written on blue paper, with a as a policeman, and his outcry ple of this faculty is in the many letheavy weave, and evidently a good against the unfair persecution of the ters he wrote to friends and busilinen content. The ink is still dark brethren, is typical of his letters.

ness associates and which he dictated Perhaps strikingly outstanding in to a scribe. It is my good fortune to this letter is the statement, "How

possess a number of letters which long must we submit to having our he wrote to my greatgrandfather, best citizens shot down with imHorace S. Eldredge. Most of these punity? This is the civilization, the

letters were written in the late Christianity that our enemies would 1850's and the early 1860's to fasten upon us."

Grandfather Eldredge while he was This is a typical letter of Brigham in the Eastern States on Church HORACE (Concluded on page 400) business. ELDREDGES.

Perhaps one of the more startling facts about these letters, is that each one, as well as containing an object lesson, contains a wealth of cheerfulness and humor. The ability to?;*& O /jr 2s0?&Krfinclude all these things in his writings, makes these letters very interesting reading even to a layman who

has no knowledge of the background of the Church. To anyone knowing

the history of the territory of Utah and the struggle of the Saints in those early years, these letters hold 'JcXZE.

a "gold mine"of information and interesting data.

Many of Horace S. Eldredge's si&(&< t*-*

J? undertrips were made to the East

*i4<—feeCS few tfe*4+—-oc&. jCkpC f*-r*''&f &>-*z,&/'ft-*4--> of Young, direction Brighamthe

carrying bills of lading and orders to fill in the East for the benefit of the Saints in Utah. During these

many trips, he acted as general

Church agent, and as such was in charge of many companies of converts that made their way across the plains to their land of Zion. It was

on one of these treks that a company $/ tsfce%**s&* he directed, consisting of seventytwo wagons and other outfits, made &g-*m-&c*ro/i?4/

the trip in seventytwo days. This

is considered to be the fastest time ever made by a company of that size.

"HPhe letter reproduced in part here, was written to Elder Eldredge A LETTER FROM BRIGHAM YOUNG, WRITTEN BY A SCRIBE

JUNE 1947 363 "Ihe spirit of the Mormon pioneers still lives. Their descendstill rally to the appeals ants paia Lentenievinia t ERAT aawiDaianof their leaders.

The Improvement Era Pioneer By JOHN D. GILES

Centennial subscription campaign, also contributed more widely to misBUSINESS MANAGER still another "greatest campaign in sionary effort than ever before.

Era history"not only sent the Era With interest at high pitch from on by the pioneer centennial and the subscription lists to the highest point the first week of the campaign, it unique and timely incentives to maxin history in home subscriptions, but grew in intensity to the end, spurred imum effort.

,.,..,.,.,.

SOUTH LOS ANGELES SAN BERNARDINO

President John M. President Joel G.

Iverson; Y.M.M.I.A. SuSedgwick; Y.M.M.I.A.

perintendent Owen B. Superintendent Henry

Robinson; Y.W.M.I.A. Isaksen; Y. W. M. I. A.

President Hortense President Evelyn HenSteed. dry.

LONG BEACH

President Virgil H. BLACKFOOT Spongberg; Y.M.M.I.A.

E. President Joseph Superintendent William

Williams; Y.M.M.I.A. C. Lund; Y.W.M.I.A.

Superintendent Orson President Luella

Y.W.M.I.A. S. Packham; Barnes; I. Y. M. M. A. President Annis Director "Era"A. Clay "Era"Directors Call;Tom Miller; Y. A. M. W. Hemming and Mary "Era"Director RuthI. Hemming. Lindquist.

IDAHO FALLS UNION President William G.

President C. Lloyd Ovard; Y.M.M.I.A. SuWalch; Y.M.M.I.A. Superintendent Paul Ahlperintendent Marion N. strom; Y.W.M.I.A. PresStoddard; (no photo ident Blanche Wood;

available) Y.W.M.I.A. Don Mortimer, Y.M.

President Mrs. Pearl M.I.A. "Era"director;

Bruce; Y. W. M. I. A. Mrs. Robert Egbert,

"Era"Director Julia Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"diHiatt. rector.

CACHE MARICOPA President William W. President Lorenzo Owens; Y.M.M.I.A. SuWright; Y.M.M.I.A. Superintendent Joseph

perintendent T. Rulon Jr. Morgan, (no photo

Shepherd; Y.W.M.I.A. available); Y.W.M.I.A.

President R. President FredCarmen Taylor; I. M. A. Y.W.Lucille erickson; R. Herbert "Era"Director E. Helen I. Weston, Y. A. M. M. Coleman. director; "Era"Viola H.

Squires, Y. W. M.I. A.

CHICAGO "Era"director.

President John K. EdJUAREZ

munds; Y.M.M.I.A. SuPresident Claudius

perintendent Wayne C. Bowman; Y.M.M.I A.

Durham; Y.W.M.I.A. Superintendent Dr. E.

President Marjory CotLeRoy Hatch (no photo tarn; Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"available); Y.W.M.I.A.

Director James E. BradPresident Ella R. Farnsley. worth; Bryant R. Clark,

Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"director; S. Rita Johnson, LOS ANGELES Y.W.M.I.A. di- 'Era"President Wilford G. rector (no availphoto Edling; Y.M.M.I.A. Suable).

J. perintendent Grant SAN FERNANDO Brazier; Y.W.M.I.A. President David H. President Erma Nielson; SuCannon; Y.M.M.I.A. Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"Diperintendent Carl M. rector Dr. L. Ira Hurst King; Pres. Y.W.M.I.A. (no photo available). Elaine Beers; C. Rex

Marsh, M.I.A. "Era"

director.

PHOENIX SAN DIEGO President James RobPresident Wallace W.

ert Price; Y.M.M.I.A. Johnson; Y.M.M.I.A.

Superintendent Wallace Superintendent Grant B.

E. Broberg; Y.W.M.I.A. Hodgson; Y.W.M.I.A.

President Ethel PeterPresident Kay Calder;

M.I.A. "Era"directors

Harrison Benner and Virginia Benner.

WEBER BEN LOMOND President Frank C. President William ArSimmons; Y.M.M.I.A. Suthur Budge; Y.M.M.I.A. perintendent DeHarm Superintendent J. Earl Boer; Y.W.M.I.A. PresRhees; Pres- Y.W.M.I.A. ident Emily Shurtliff; ident Addis Thomas; M.I. A. "Era"Directors M.I.A. "Era"Director Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Melvin Swensen. Mower.

SAN FRANCISCO MINIDOKA J. President Byron J. President Melvin Barton; Y.M.M.I.A. SuToone; Y.M.M.I.A. Superintendent Ira Somperintendent Spencer W. Presien; Y.W.M.I.A. Toone; Y.W.M.I.A. Presdent Bramwell: Veda ident Fairchild; Vanda

Di- Y.W.M.I.A. S. "Era"M.I.A. "Era"Directors rector Dorothy Hay- S. Carl George, and mond. Zella Williams.

OGDEN EMIGRATION President S. Laurence President A. George

Burton; Y.M.M.I.A. SuChristensen; Y.M.M.I.A.

perintendent Merrill W. Superintendent Verne

Bird; Presi- Y.W.M.I.A. Y. Taylor; A. M.J. W.

dent Lynette Taggart; President Matilda I.Ger-

M.I.A. Directors "Era"rard; M.I.A. Di- "Era"

Taylor Cannon, James J. rectors Alder, Reuel

H. Bischoff, Beth Oborn. and Vida Fox Clawson.

SETS NEW RECORD... *!?&

Leaders at the finish of the camCamp of Israel, and the twentyfive paign were determined only after stakes next in order were given the r forth, Lentral 2)tate6 re/ii&dion very thorough checking. The final titles used for the corresponding Jrd j-reiiaent or Llon 6 Lamp results were big surprises {Continued to many. on page 410)

Lieutenant general of the Camp of

Israel for the pioneer centennial year is South Los Angeles Stake. TrailSHELLEY

ing near the bottom for most of the sen;PresidentY.M.M.I.A.J. BerkeleySuperintendLar-

year, the thoroughlyorganized and entPresidentAfton LouieCroft; Millar;Y.W.M.I.A.Mr.

enthusiastic stake in the southland and Mrs. Walter Christensen,

began a steady march to the top in stake "Era"directors.

March and crowded from leadership

Long Beach which has to its credit PASADENA one of the most consistent and effec- (noPresidentphoto Williamavailable);F. Pettit;Y.M.

tive campaigns in the entire Church. M.I.A.Spencer Robinson;SuperintendentY.W.M.I.A.O.

Other officers of the Camp of IsPresidentEthel Burk, Altheastake "Era"Robinson;dirael whose positions were deterrector.

mined by the results of their efforts in the pioneer centennial campaign, PORTLAND in order, are as follows: colonel, Y.M.M.I.A.President GeorgeSuperintendentL. Scott;

Long Beach; major, Union; major, M.I.A.Cordon PresidentT. Ballantyne;Thora Paul-Y.W.

Maricopa; captain 1st 100, Chicago; son;field, Mr.stakeand Mrs."Era"Loftisdirectors.Shefcaptain 2nd 100, Los Angeles; captain 1st 50, Phoenix; captain 2nd

50, Weber; captain 3rd 50, MiniPresidentMT.EarlOGDENS. Paul, Y.M.

doka; captain 4th 50, Ogden; captain M.I.A.McCune;SuperintendentY.W.M.I.A. RossPresi-H.

1st ten, San Bernardino; captain dent Cleone R. Eccles; Mrs.

2nd ten, Blackfoot; captain 3rd director.Myrtle Blair, stake "Era"

ten, Idaho Falls; captain 4th ten,

Cache; captain 5th ten, Juarez; capRIGBY

tain 6th ten, San Fernando; captain sen;PresidentY.M.M.I.A.GeorgeSuperintendChristen-

7th ten, San Diego; captain 8th ten, M.I.A.ent NorrisPresidentFullmer;DrucillaY.W.W.

Ben Lomond; captain 9th ten, San Sauer; M.I.A'. "Era"Directors

Francisco; captain 10th ten, EmigraOrrinClement.Jeppson, and Muriel L.

tion; captain 11th ten, Shelley; captain 12th ten, Pasadena; captain INGLEWOOD

13th ten, Portland; captain 14th ten, Y.M.M.I.A.President AlfredSuperintendentE. Rohner;

Mt. Ogden; captain 1 5th ten, Rigby; StanfordPresident W.EhaBird;D. Y.W.M.ICusworth;A.

captain 16th ten, Inglewood. M.I.A. Stake "Era"Directors

E. J. Sorensen, and Anne

All stakes named above will be Burnett.

awarded centennial campaign citations in the M.I.A. June conference

at the session on Thursday morning NORTH CENTRAL STATES

L. KillJune 12. By way of explanation it pack;President"Era"WilliamDirectors Harold

Coleman, Price, R. Ruhn should be said that the Camp of S.Betty Jo Clutf, Phyllis and

Israel was the designation given to Redmond.

the original Mormon Pioneers under the leadership of President Brigham

Young that "crossed the plains"from Winter Quarters on the banks PresidentSOUTHERNHeberSTATESMeeks;

of the Missouri River to the valley Evelyn Cockrell, Y.W.M.I.A.

of the Great Salt Lake in 1847. supervisor.

The same designation was taken for the army of descendants and friends of the pioneers in the curTEXAS-LOUISIANA rent Improvement Era campaign. JosephinePresident GlennMeiners,G. Smith;Y.W.

This campaign was designated as the M.I.A. supervisor.

Pioneer Centennial Campaign. Thus

the leader in this campaign is designated as lieutenant general of the

NORTHERN STATES JUNE 1947 President Creed Haymond;

Sarah Marie Orme, Y.W.

M.I.A. supervisor.

RELIGION DEMOCRACY aJ m

had lived a simple life in which even his worst enemies could find no reproach. In a very mild but ardent

manner he would attack the immoral and corrupt mode of living of the clergy and exhort them to repent and foajripf'follow the example set by Christ.

large following a attracted He soon **,..*... tsM of plain people only not among the

mi. Prague but also from the ranks of

the nobility. Even the queen was his

regular listener, coming to his chapel accompanied by the captain of her guards, Jan Zizka.

TSJaturally Huss'preaching aroused the wrath of his fellow clergymen. When his opponents be-

: ''lit*: gan to attack him, he had to look for

sfliSfe ':"

mm

ill

Famous Kartstejn Castle of Emperor Charles the Fourth. In the background on a small

clearing the Czechoslovakian land was dedicated to the preaching of Mormonism in 1928.

It will be our endeavour to see, that Czechoslovakia, it is necessary to this constitution and all the laws of our look back into the pages of history.

in spirit the kept country our be of hisCzechs made their first appearance spirit in those the as tory as well of modern principles, embodied in the idea in Europe in the fifth century when, of selfdetermination, for we desire to under the leadership of a wise man, take our place in the family of nations, "Czech,"they settled the fertile and as a member at once cultured, peacebeautiful valleys in the middle of loving, democratic, and progressive.

(Preamble to Czechoslovakian ConstiBohemia, the western part of present THOMAS G. MASARYK

tution.) Czechoslovakia.

Christianity was introduced into the heart of the European con*- the country from the East in the support in the scripture and in the

INtinent lies the little republic of ninth century by both Greek Orthobook of the theologians. He found

Czechoslovakia. One of a group dox and Roman Catholic churches, his greatest support in the writings

of Slavic nations, its primary signifiand it was embraced fervently. of his contemporary, John Wyclif.

cance to Latterday Saints is that it During the period when some of Thus Huss showed in himself outwas the first of them which opened the clergy lived contrary to the standing traits of Czech character:

its doors to the teachers of the reteachings of Christ and their church, reasonability, and lack of desire for stored gospel, the Mormon missionone of their group in the capital city abstract thinking. Huss did not

aries. of Prague, a welleducated, fluent speculate on generalities. He and

Czechoslovakia is often called the chaplain named John Huss (1369his followers were not attracted by nation of Huss, Komensky, and 1415), sought to correct the prevsubtleties of the philosophy of the

Masaryk. To explain the profound alent corrupt mode of living and religion, but rather by its other

influence these three men had in governing of the mother church. He aspects—the morality and doctrine

366 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA &(%.***.CZECHOSLOVAKIA

truth prevails"—a slogan which was ated in socalled example communiEDITORIAL NOTE later adopted almost universally by ties, were the marvel of all foreign

our missionaries return to CzechCzechs in their undertakings. And visitors who dared come among acAS oslovakia, they are being welthe influence of Huss has not been cused heretics and visit their schools.

comed into a country noted for its limited to Czech lands.

centuriesold struggle for freedom. ""The two centuries following Huss'

the mission July 24, 1 929, when On dedicated Dr. A. '"The death of John Huss created a death were the most glorious in was John by

Widtsoe, then president of the Eugreat storm in Bohemia among Czech history. Opposed by most of

ropean Mission, six missionaries behis followers. Notes of protest Europe for adherence to protestantgan their labors. There were then streamed from poor and rich to the ism and condemned by the Pope, the

just three members of the Church in that country. Before the second world church council as well as to the GerCzechs had to rely on their own inwar there were more than one hunman emperor, whose letter of safe genuity in governing, defending, and

dred and fifty Saints and twentythree conduct to Huss had proved worthsustaining their country. Their litfull-time missionaries. Present Church less. People in Bohemia, who until erature set an example of beautiful

records indicate only one hundred then had merely listened to Huss'Czech language for centuries. The

and ten members, but with the Czechoslovak heritage for religious sermons, now endorsed his teachings Bible was translated and published freedom, great strides should be made as their life's philosophy and many in Czech, and many textbooks for in this mission. This article tells some of the clergy adopted his ideas. All schools were written. Kings were

of the reasons why. this of course caused further wrath elected from among the ranks of

of the Pope and the surrounding nobility, and the country enjoyed

Catholic countries to be showered prosperity to a high degree. The

upon Czech "heretics,"until several Catholic clergy together with the for a practical life. This trait is still crusades were organized to wipe out neighboring monarchs of the same

preserved in Czech character and the Czech thorn in the side of Eufaith tried for years to break the inshould make any Czech who will rope. Huss'followers, under the fluence of the Bohemian Brethren,

listen to the message of the restored leadership of Jan Zizka formed an but violence, force, cunning, and gospel very receptive indeed. army to defend not only the religious threats could not make the Czech

Huss was trusted with the position organization but also the country. people turn from Huss'teachings.

of rector of the Charles University Thus, the movement, initiated Rome finally won by spreading in Prague where he instigated some to reform the life of the clergy, dissent, dividing the Brotherhood, commendable reforms in educational changed into a national reformation. and finally conquering the nation by

as well as national affairs. He, howHuss'followers organized the the sword. She set up as rulers the

ever, soon gained for himself the Bohemian Brethren, adopted the Austrian dynasty of German origin disfavor of the Catholic hierchalice as the emblem of their flag,—the Hapsburgs. Results were disarchy and several times was repriand began to educate their people. astrous. The teachings of the

manded and ordered to retract his They believed that true democracy Bohemian Brethren were condemnteachings. This he refused to do, and Christian living could survive ed, as was also the entire Czech nauntil the whole Czech nation was the only among people wellinformed. tional consciousness. By imperial

subject of the wrath of the Pope Their coeducational schools, situ- (Concluded on page 398) himself, and Huss was called to a church council in Constance to answer for his heretical teachings. In

spite of the warnings of his followill ers, Huss went, carrying a paper of safe conduct from the German emperor. The court of Constance was

short. Huss was asked to retract his

teachings against the Catholic clergy. He stated humbly that he

would gladly do so if he were shown in the scriptures where he was wrong. The court sentenced him to

death by burning at the stake on the shores of Lake Constance. The last

words of John Huss were, "The

THE BRIDGES OF PRAGUE

JUNE 1947 367 IN THE HOLE ROCK prince Kedd SfZduna

pany through to San Juan, neither had George Hobbs, nor George Lewis, nor William Hutchings.

Stanford might have done! Stanford

had said the company would not turn back, and that was enough.

Perhaps being a "bulwark,"as Mary goods?river—littleOnlymoreten milesthan aeastmilefroma day!the hadreward.called him, would have its own

Was this the "easy sailing"they had been promised, from the river to HPhe next morning, when the camp

San Juan? Were they to fail before awoke, there sat Bishop Schow

they had really begun? Why hadn't and James Collett, proudly displaySilas said something at the meeting a new, brightly painted boat.

ing? Why hadn't he given them They told everyone they thought the

something to hang on to? four scouts had not found the best

The wiser ones, catching the crossing for the company, so, with

SYNOPSIS hysterical note that was sweeping their boat, they had come to help for route. explore with calm, the crowd, a new went about 1879,'the settlers to call of came the IN mission Indian to solutions, open have City a new urging "You Cedar reasoning the come at an opportune peoJones, Treharne Utah. Sage in southern ple to go to their camps and wait for time,"Silas Smith said in answer to her knit closely with that of whose life was

son, Kumen, knew all too well that she could further word. Time enough to turn their proposition. "I'll assign the

not go with him into this new country. back when they had to, they said, same four scouts to go with you, for

wife, Rumen's Jones, Mary Nielsen was and gradually a semblance of order we are determined to go on."City the comforts to leave reluctant of Cedar

for the new frontier, but she knew that she was restored. This second attempt, however,

would go. "Silas and George will talk half was but little more effective than the

Silas called President Taylor John Smith, the night,"Stanford Smith said to first. In searching for the mouth of George Jones, and Brigham Hobbs Kumen as president, Indian interpreter, and chief Arabella, as they went to their wagthe San Juan River-—which they

scout for the expedition. Others were called on. "But by morning they will know hoped to find, and then navigate the

to suppleParagoonah and Parowan from already City. what is to be done. We'll not turn river to Montezuma—they struck chosen ment those from Cedar

....The way had been charted when the adback!"heavy rapids in the Colorado and

Bishop vent of and Schow Andrew James turn to forced back. Strapping were Arabella of his loyalty. proud was

Collett Escaiante made a of new route their their backs, packs on they faith, she seem His knew, always would the advisable group. of Reaching to many

Forty Mile Spring, a rude encampment was be unshaken, but she had caught the climbed the east wall of the river established, with and Silas Smith George note of envy in his voice, and it fed to explore. A baldheaded landscape

to selected Hobbs'concurrence scouts push ahead to learn the best route. George Hobbs the ache in her heart. If only there was their only discovery, and after

asked that Stanford Smith go, but Silas said was some way that she could make ten days of futile tracking, trying to that Stanford desperately was needed on George and Silas see the daily, unhead the maze of canyons that the road Jones, George Lewis, crew. Kumen

and William Hutchings were selected to go acknowledged, discontent that Stanveined the country in every direcwith Hobbs. Their report was disheartenford felt! But there was nothing she tion, they were forced to return and

stating, "It ing, even George Hobbs is could do. Stanford would be furious report. country. formidable... But can I think we

get through."if she even intimated that he was disUndaunted by this second failChapter VI satisfied with his position in the ure, Silas then ordered out a camp. He didn't even know that he third scouting party, assigning

SOONER was the meeting adwas, himself. People could go on all seven other men to the original

journed than the company fell their lives, doing things they disgroup, making eleven. He chose hisNo

into disordered groups, gesliked doing, and get satisfaction first counselor, Piatt De Alton Lyturing and talking excitedly. "Blanfrom it, too—simply because they man, Charles E. Walton, Sr., who

ket ropes!"the men cried. If the were needed where they were. That had joined the company in Brother

scouts couldn't walk down the crack, was Stanford. And, looking at it Lyman's party, and five of the main

what could be done with wagons! honestly, she knew that it bothered Robinson, Joseph company—John

Were they to be lowered zigzag over her more than it did him. To her. it Barton, Cornelius Decker, Samuel

the cliffs, too? And their women was comfortingly clear that Kumen Rowley, Bishop Nielson's son, Joand children, their stock and their had not found a way to get the comseph, and Samuel Bryson.

368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Taking two wagons as far as ed. "Our party is too large, Brother walk, and finally stopped his horse.

the run—one for supplies and Lyman. Too many men have too He didn't like the looks of the

I figure we had betclouds, nor the feel of the air. Andone for carrying the boat—these many opinions.

scouts, proceeding as the other ter get back to our boat and tie up he didn't know why he was so sure two groups had done, except that at the Hole in the Rock by midthat the scouts were coming in.

they took a southeasterly instead of night."Neither did he know why he was soan easterly direction, explored for "Too many opinions—"Piatt's sure that they had failed to find a

several days. They crossed and reeyes narrowed in thought. "Yes. way through. He just knew it, and

crossed box canyons, and finally We had better go back and report."took no time to argue it to himself.

reached a broad mesa above the San His whole concern was what to do

Juan River, about six miles east of Py the tenth day of the scout's ababout it.

its mouth. But this only added to sence the road crews had built When at last he saw the scouts

their disappointment, for the river a road from Forty Mile Spring to coming, dragging back in an unwas hemmed in by towering, perwithin three miles of Fifty Mile even, sagging line, he gouged the pendicular cliffs that defied descent. Spring. Riding out to inspect spurs into his horse and went to meet

The river, gleaming in the sun, its their progress, Silas voiced his them. "Where's Hobbs?"he asked,

water a silver line that seemed no hearty approval. "Keep this up, seeing at a glance that George was

wider than a man could jump, flowed boys, and brimstone can't stop us!"not there.

placidly between its grassbordered He looked thoughtfully to the east, "He's behind, riding by himbanks. "I'll ride out to see if the scouts are self,"Kumen Jones answered.

"It is grand beyond description!"coming in,"he said. "You'd better join him, Silas."

Piatt Lyman gazed upon the river "Well, tell 'em to get a move on!""I will."Silas shook hands with

in fascination. "This is the kind of the men called after him. "What's each man that came up, talked a litcountry that gets in a man's blood!"the use of a road if there's not anytle with his counselor, and went on

George Hobbs looked at the new body to use it?"to meet Hobbs.

counselor with swift appreciation Use it, indeed. The lines deepened In a few minutes the scouts were

and knew that in him he had an ally. to form a frown in the leader's face. in sight of the road crew. A wel-

"How much longer can we Why he kept on building the road, coming shout greeted them.

traipse up and down this baffling he didn't know. It looked like they'd "They'll not be so glad to see us

river without going back to camp never need a mile of it. when they hear what we've got to

for food?"Piatt Lyman asked. Silas spurred ahead until he was say,"George Lewis muttered. "I

"Until tonight,"George answerout of sight, then he slowed to a hate to tell them we failed."

"I don't hate to tell 'em!"one of

the others cried. "It's time they knew

what's what. When they learn that

we didn't get as far east as the first bunch did, they'll be right glad to turn their backs on this venture. I

only hope we get out of here before the snow flies!"He looked at the

clouds, whipping his tired team for one brush of speed that would bring him even with the road crews.

"Whoa! Hi, there, snails!"he yelled,

pulling up his team. "You might as

well drop them instruments of torture. We're goin* home!"

There was an exclamation of disbelief.

"Honest to man!"he yelled. "Hop

in if you want a ride!"He laid the

whip to his team again and clattered away.

There was a second of indecision, then tools were flung to the ground, and there was a scramble to get into the wagon. Those who could not

climb into the back of it, threw their bedrolls into their own wagons and went to Forty Mile Spring as fast as horseflesh could take them. Only

ttiree men were left in camp—the

Perkins brothers and Stanford Smith. s4$. <)iwk {Continued on page 402)

JUNE 1947 369:..

I have definitely promoted the reading of this book by the Scouts of the troop.

5. Theme Project HONOR AWARDS I'have used the program as outlined in

the Scout Supplement for 194748 as schedfor Scoutmadterd uled.

6. Camping

in regarding proper this Scout Supplement ana Senior oLeaaert I have followed the instructions as printed of observance Sunday in camp.

7. Advancement

THEYounggeneralMen'ssuperintendencyMutual Improveof the nolds,ders, EldonR. GlennM. Watson,Harris; California:Bruford S. ReyFred beenI havechecked,madebeforesure advancingthat all Scoutsfrom haverank

ment Association is inaugurating Struiksma, Gilbert M. Allred. to rank, in the requirements of duty to God.

this year a new honor certificate plan for all scoutmasters and Senior Scout Honor Certificate Requirements Senior Leader Honor Certificate leaders in the Church of Jesus Christ of for 194748 Requirements for 194748

Latterday Saints. Each scouting leader Scoutmasters Performance Check 1 Youth Leadership Program

is required to complete a leadership Sheet for 194748 I have met with the bishopric in regular program, correlating the spiritual meetings of the ward youth leadership comphases of scouting with the standards 1 Boy Leadership Program mittee and have carried out my part of this and practices of the Church. I have met with the bishopric in regular Church program to reach all boys with all

For each succeeding year after the meetings of the ward youth leadership comprograms.

mittee out and of the part have carried my fifth year, the leader to thefirst, and up Campaign for Nonuse of Churchwide all 2. all Church with to reach program boys

"efficientqualifying as leader"an Liquor and Tobacco will programs.

receive gold seals to place on the first I have had a personal conference with certificate (pictured below). These 2. Churchwide Campaign for Nonuse of each Senior Scout in my unit, encouraging

seals are imprinted "General SuperinLiquor and Tobacco him always to observe the Word of Wistendency, Y.M.M.I.A. Scout Leaders I have had a personal conference with dom.

Honor Award."There is a place for each Scout in my troop encouraging him al- I have definitely promoted the acquiring

to of the observe ways Wisdom. Word all the merit health in of personal badge by certifiprintedthe to the year be upon

I definitely the acquiring have promoted Scouts. Senior just seal.cate underneath each When all of the merit in health personal badge by represented Senior has Scout my No qualified five for years, leader hasa any eligible Scouts. to in athletic unit contests interstake who,

"five will special receive seal"ahe year alcoor of tobacco user is a knowledge, my 3. Promotion Program certificate. Aand hol.

I suitable exercises use in impressive my is this of not purpose program The only to spiritualize further the program, troop when new boys from the Primary join 3. Carryon Exercises

the troop. the contacts regular with I have made to also leadscouting-trainedbut keep

I regular with the contacts have made in leader to Scout keep ward Boy in my forership the a longer of job period on officers to Primary keep in touch with boys to are touch with about become boys who istime. calling in the greater There no to are about Scouts. become who Senior Scouts.

Church than working with the youth I have assigned older Scouts from the Impressive exercises are conducted for of the Church! troop to assist the Primary guide leader every new Senior Scout who becomes afThe Y.M.M.I.A. general superintrain boys in the Tenderfoot requirements. filiated with my unit.

tendency and the scouting committee of the Church, send congratulations to 4. Reading Course Book 4. The Roundedout Man

Catherine by Sequoya, material in the Cate Coblentz I have used the M.I.A. qualifying for the 194647the leaders

this I have read book. on (Concluded 399) page

certificates:honor

Scoutmasters

Nevada: Kelly Harrison, Sidney Simpson; Idaho: John Keith Hirschi, Ferrell E.

Nielsen, George Shiozawa; California:

Lorenzo A. Richards, Dean Devenish,

Arthur V. Anderson, Thomas Mawson, Hal

Greer, Charles N. Green, Milton N. McCoy;

Wyoming: Bill Dillon, Jr., Paul Black,

Wilford A. Mower, John McWelch,Nash

Intire; L..7';'.-.-...: ":.'''':.:: r,,,, T! Bodell, Royal Utah: Harry L.

Lund, Vern Dunn, Joe Brubaker, LaMar

Busath, John Lambert, Maurice A. Jones,

Bennie Woodmansee, Malcom B. Ellingson,

Claude E. Collier, Jr., Robert Gehring, Jay

Bone, Clyde D. Glad, Orville R. Graham. *:''

'r Senior Scout leaders:

Nevada: Richard Thomas, Henry C.

Conrad, Phil Carter; Idaho: James R. Bagwell, Vernon I. Walker, John L. Parker, D.

Herman Maughn; Utah: Loren E. Millett,

Clyde R. Robinson, Dick Evans, Dean S.

Webber, N. Enos Heward, Kay L. Flin370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

wltk the Saints WESTWARD EXCERPTS FROM THE HITHERTO UNPUBLISHED JOURNAL OF

Jrorace J\. \AJhitne1

the inside—There are here at this away belonging to the inhabitants

time 18 men composing the inhabiThis was done in the day time imtants, mostly Frenchmen.... At this mediately before the eyes of the

plaice the river is divided into 2 guard they had on watch at the time, branches, one running each side of who of course could not resist them,... Presithe fort in an eastern direction—the they being so numerous.

one running on the south side is dent Young called the captains of called the Laramie fork of the Platte 10s together this evening, to impart as we arrived here, 2 brethren to them the nature of the business—Just came from the Fort to visit us—tomorrow, which was that 2 men

They had come here from Pueblo 2 should be selected out of each 10, weeks since—they had been (three to act as a standing guard, to watch

families of them) 15 days on the the cattle, etc., while we remain here.

... We found wood in abundance at ONLY KNOWN PICTURE OF ORSON K. WHITNEY journey, having come with ox teams,

a distance of 250 miles.... They this place as it is growing on all

further told us that the soldier sides.... By my computation the

Part III brethren at Pueblo, who went there distance between us and Winter as invalids, had mostly recovered Quarters is 540J/ miles.

their sickness intending from & were the 2nd. Pleasant Wednesday, the 1st of June [1847]

1st start the of there to from June fair to bids be a and warm the morning; sunTuesday—Beautiful this join place, to our and body come others and Twelve some beautiful rose cloudless and to morningday—The

this morning toWe started this morning at 9, still proceed on the journey with us to went over the river traveling over a desert, sandy road, the west. The brethren spoken about make arrangements to procure the

and pursuing a W. N. W. course are Robert Crow and his sonin-law, ferry boat—Thomas Brown, Orson

we stopt at 1 1 a.m. near the river to whose name I did not learn. They and F. Pomeroy went out of our ten

bait [feed the horses], having come had managed to winter their cattle to guard cattle this forenoon & I at Pueblo. dry grass, this afternoon, having About alone Orson ravine on is a little 4}/2 miles—There ago a band 3 weeks of Crow...Indians out I noticed the gone to Fort. While here our horses into which we turned

all the horses ( Concluded on page 407 as the grass in it is quite green and came to the Fort & took

1 luxuriant—We again started at

p.m. traveling over nearly the same

kind of ground, interspersed here and there with shrubs & encamped at 34 Pas t 6 p.m. on the banks of

the river, in a semicircle, opposite

Ft. Laramie, having come 12 miles.

This is situated in an extensive valley, apparently \\/2 miles from the river, environed on all sides, except that next the river, by a lofty range of bluffs, while in the distance can be seen to the s. west, the dusky

outlines of the "Black Hills,"toweringery—Notfar abovehavingthe surroundingvisited the Fortscen-I

am not able at this time to give a description of it, but Porter, who went over and returned this evening, says that it is built in an oblong shape, of dirt & surrounded by a wall, being connected therewith on Fort Laramie, Wyoming, as it appeared about the time of the pioneer journey, 1847

JUNE 1947 371

DENTENMIHL

THE DESERT WAS TAMED HOW H oLesson for Jodau and *Jtomorrow

V Part VI Therefore, the following episode could happen: Bishop E. T. Woolley had, in the

Chapter 10 SelfGovernment opinion of those presiding over him, made some minor administrative errors. Brigham

TheTheypioneershad comewerefroma heterogeneousmany countries,group.and ley'sYoungward,attendedand tooka meetingoccasionin Bishopto rebukeWoolthe

had different backgrounds of culture. bishop. Then he added, in substance: "Now,

Yankees, Southerners, British, and Scandinadon't go and apostatize because of that which vians made up the bulk of the people. There I have said here this evening."Bishop Woolwere others, a few, from the whole civilized ley answered with emphasis, "No, President

horizon. Young, I will not apostatize, for this Church

\ n It had been so, even from the organization is just as much mine as it is yours."That answer was the key to the selfgovernment of the Church. Visitors, noting the mixture

of people, marveled at the peace in Mormon of the pioneers.

communities. Joseph Smith was asked how he

managed to govern such a variety of personTt is a mistaken understanding of pioneer alities. His answer was prompt and decisive: history, to hold that the Church leaders

"I teach the people correct principles, and they were dictators. By some unfriendly and ungovern themselves."(John Taylor, Journal of informed writers, Brigham Young has been

Discourses, 1: 5758. held to be a tyrant in dealing with his people.

could from the truth. be further Nothing in this reply governed implied principle The strong convictions; have but Strong men

their affairs. in all pioneers the

among the pioneers the restraint from the will

It was understood that they had gathered of the people was always felt. If the people

in the valleys of the Rocky Mountains to followed their leaders, it was because they worship God according to the restored and desired to do so, not because of any coercion.

revealed gospel of Jesus Christ. The doctrine This democracy in government was emphaof that gospel was their supreme law, and sized by the fact that such officers as the

under it they dealt with every issue of life. Church needed were drawn from the rank

Human laws were instituted to secure order and file of the people. There was no class

in temporal affairs, and to'satisfy nonMor- professionally trained for the ministry, no mon emigrants who were building upon the clergy in the usual sense; all worthy men held

foundations laid by the pioneers. the priesthood and might be called to serve

Among the pioneers, a true democracy for an indefinite period in a Church office.

ruled. The officers of the Church were nomiThus, the shoemaker around the corner might

nated by superior officers, thus the evils of ofbe the bishop of the ward in which the banker fice seeking was eliminated. But, the people resided. There was a democracy in leadership

accepted or rejected the nominations. Later, scarcely known elsewhere. But, the positions

at regular stated intervals, these officers, from were not for life. Changes in office occurred.

Brigham Young to the least in importance, Thus, many would have the privilege and exwere again presented to the people for a susperience that accompany administraitve lataining vote. If a person failed to be susbors. The government of the pioneers was a

tained, he could not act; and in fact was autoreal democracy.

matically deprived of his office. Back of this form of government lay trust

That this was not a perfunctory matter is in one another. When men learn to believe

well known. On several occasions Brigham in their neighbors, the way to community sucYoung, as the President of the Church, made cess is well laid, and may be easily traveled.

nominations which were not accepted by the Nevertheless, the people were held closely people, and other nominations were therefore together by administrative organization. Termade. The will of the people, under God, ritorially the Church was divided into

ruled the Church. The law of free agency "stakes"—few in number in the early years.

among men must not be abrogated in the least Each stake in turn was divided into wards, degree. the ultimate units of the fully organized

372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Chapter 1 1 The Source of Power

By 2>r. JoL 4, Wdki5oe 'T'heepochmaking.accomplishmentsTheyofwerethe victoriouspioneers wereover

i COUNCIL OF > TWELVE desert difficulties and hardships. The conquest was made possible by the use of the

simple, wellunderstood principles already discussed. The principles were as threads

Church, perhaps eight or ten in each stake. woven into a pattern of beauty.

presidents, presided stakes over by wereThe remains, however, to be A main question assisted Eacheach by two counselors. leading to success ward answered. The principles

had a bishop with two counselors. Within this in the pioneer endeavors were not new. They

skeleton organization everything needed for had long been known, in many ventures, yet the welfare of the people was accomplished. only occasionally had they been put into pracIt was of course understood that those sustice. What cementing power held the piotained for official positions, were under the neers together, and brought them to the sucobligations of conforming to the regulations cessful use of these conquering principles?

right agent, of the free theof Church. The desert, really in the did they remain Why could of the Church, hewere a member California, in gold beckoned and when not when

the beliefs in upsetting or practices usedbe lands, humid more easily cultivated were to /'accepted been officially by the hadwhich in the East? be had

people at large.

It would have been an easy matter for them

Under these arrangements an ease in govto have retraced their steps, as the western ernment developed which had scarcely ever trails became more frequented. And gold has

been seen before. Men were told to come and always drawn men to its source. But, they

go. They were "called,"but they always had remained. That is the most significant part

the right to say yes or no. of the pioneer story.

This participation by the people in their Brigham Young's call to the people when of selfgov- a formgovernment was really Nauvoo was left behind, explains best why all restraint from theernment, came in which they were able to undertake the conquest of gospel law. It had an effect upon every man the desert: "Attention, the camps of Israel! V

in his private affairs. He had to learn to gov- I propose to move forward on our journey.

himself. of selfgovernmentern The doctrine Let all who wish follow me; but I want none

affairs. in allbuilt their strong characters to come unless they will obey the commandThe place of woman among the pioneers ments and statutes of the Lord. Cease, thereillustrates the rights of all members of the fore, your contentions and your backbiting,

Church and of the state. When the pioneers nor must there be swearing or profanity in

entered the Salt Lake valley, much freedom our camps. Whoever finds anything must

was denied woman in the United States. Her seek diligently to return it to the owner. The

position of dependence on the man was everySabbath day must be hallowed. In our camps,

where understood. Yet the pioneers found prayers should be offered both morning and

toil, totime, pioneer amidst their give women faith things, evening. If you do these will J

itfull political suffrage. that happened Thus hearts; angels abide in your and the of God

a pioneer woman, Seraph Young, was the will go with you, even as they went with the first woman in the United States to cast lawchildren of Israel when Moses led them from fully a ballot on a political issue. the land of Egypt."They were on the Lord's

It was these principles that made for a errand.

harmonious development of the affairs of the Four days after their arrival, in the Salt pioneers, though the settlements were far Lake valley, July 28, 1847, the site of the apart, and the people, of many origins. temple of the Lord was selected. Where BrigThis sense of personal freedom coupled ham Young that day thrust his cane into the

with personal responsibility, made the consoil is today the place of the cornerstone of quest of the desert more easy of accomplishthe mighty building. It is a picture to stir

ment. To the spirit of selfgovernment may human emotions. The valley lay bare. Not

be traced some of the best in the story of the a human habitation was there. Ageold silence

conquest of the Great Salt Lake basin. reigned. The pioneers had not yet a habitaIt may be that future conditions in the world tion for themselves. Their first act was to

will depend upon the acceptance or rejection provide for a house of the Lord! Faith ruled

of the type of selfgovernment that brought in all they did.

victory to the pioneers. (Continued on page 404)

JUNE 1947 373 ormon Wyoming-/?wa

a mighty people, bound together by a religious ideal which they sought to cultivate and worship. The Mormon pioneers were to immortalize

this roadway by undertaking the greatest trek in history. They were

to add to its name, "Mormon Trail,"and leave on the plains and mountain passes of Wyoming landmarks and shrines cherished today as an integral part of that historic march to Utah.

Along the route of this famous trail were natural barriers. The

.::.'! trail wound through arid wastes.

:;.;i Deep rivers blocked its course, and high mountain ranges rose like

The historic North Platte River near giants in its path. The heat of a midTorrington, Wyoat summer sun beat down with torrid ming, as it looks

present. intensity, and stifling dust beset the

weary pioneers, but by the strength of their arms and the valor of their hearts, many of these difficulties were overcome. The trail witnessed

Site of the Platte River crossing near many thousands of Latterday Saints

Casper, Wyoming, Ferry reach their destination in the valley where Mormon was built, June of the mountains. It witnessed the 1847.

rush of gold seekers to California,

of inthe Some scriptions found on Cliffs,FromguagetheMaughwauwama,Delaware IndianWyolan- Register near ming derives her name. It means Guernsey,. Wyo-

"large plains."But the topography ming.

of this section also boasts some prominent mountain ranges. To the

east rise the Black Hills, made dark by scrub cedar and pine. To the

north stand the lofty Big Horns, so named because of the famed bighorn sheep that roam over the steep slopes. To the south and southwest

extend the Laramie Range, among the footsteps of those who were to the march of an army to Utah, the which rises Laramie Peak, a famous follow. hoofbeats of the pony express, and

landmark of early emigrant days. Geography played a generous the rumblings of the stage coaches

Stretching westward, where land part also in giving to Wyoming some were heard along its course.

and sky seem to meet, are mountain of the most famous trails and landBy the side of this famous route peaks and passes of the Wind River, marks in history. It lay directly in in Wyoming, favorite camp sites

Teton, and Shoshone ranges. Inthe pathway of the vast tide of westwere founded. It is to these history

deed, with the happy intermingling ward migration. Hence, east, west, spots of yesterday that we glance in

of mountain and plain, beautiful north, and south, dim trails marked retrospect and follow along with the valleys scooped out of boundless the land, but the road toward the setMormon pioneers as they made their prairies, crystal streams that flow ting sun was destined to become the way to the west.

from their secret sources on some most historic in the world, the Old mountaintop to water a thirsty desOregon Trail. Along this path, "TpHE heyday of the fur trapper was

ert spot—it is little wonder that this which later became a broad highway, drawing to a close. The beaver,

virgin land of yesterday should hold the vista of the west opened its doors that had represented the wealth of a lure and enchantment for early to trappers, explorers, missionaries, the western wilderness, was becomtrappers and explorers as they came homeseekers, and there was to foling scarce. Mountain men who had

west to map and eventually to guide low along its course the migration of made that epoch famous, were, by 374 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to UtaLPiLoneerd By HAZEL NOBLE BOYACK

necessity, turning to other pursuits. a military garrison, Fort Laramie

Time was ripe for the establishserved as an outstretched hand, givment of a fort to capture the trade in ing aid to parties destitute of food, buffalo hides. The spot ideally fitted camps stricken with the cholera.

by nature for this venture was the Weary travelers used it as a refuge converging of the North Platte and to obtain a few days'rest, and to

Laramie rivers in what is now eastseek food and fresh stock for the ern Wyoming. Hence, in 1 834, two unfinished journey. At its height of

western men, Robert Campbell and usefulness, Fort Laramie contained

William Sublette, erected the first sixty buildings. All roads led

fur trading post in what is now through this gateway to the West.

Wyoming. This fort was the beginTo the doors of the old fort, in

ning of what later became Old Fort

Laramie, named in honor of Jacques One of the deepla Ramie, a FrenchCanadian trapestentirecutsroutealongof thethe per of the early 1 820's. OldnearOregonGuernsey,Trail,

No other fortification on the westWyoming.

ward trek enjoyed such a prolonged and interesting history as did this fur trader's post. Strategically located on the Oregon Trail, it was

the only white settlement for hun- "Old Bedlam,"dreds of miles and became a veritaFortming. Laramie,Built in Wyo1849

ble capital of this western wilderness. and famous for its

First as a fur trader's post, then as socialthe Fort'slifehistory.during

the Part of cobfort was abandoned as a military wall, built blestone

Saints Latterday by in post and sold at auction. Not until Fort Bridger at

1855. 1938, by legislative action, did this

historic shrine achieve the status of a national monument.

13 eyond the Old Fort, about a day's travel by ox team, rose Register

This monument Cliff, so named because of the many stands at the base of Register Cliffs, hundreds of. names inscribed on its

south Wyoming. of Guernsey, chalklike surface. This place was

a popular camping ground. At the

1847, came the vanguard of the base of the cliff is a burial ground

Mormon pioneers to the Salt Lake dedicated to "Unknown Pioneers'valley. President Brigham Young Graves."The waters of the tranquil

and his company of 143 men, 3 North Platte flow gently by this women, and 2 children, had left spot, and on the banks of this stream

Winter Quarters in April and had nearby is a monument where once followed along the north bank of stood a pony express station.

the Platte River. In the vicinity of Following along a gravel bed for

Fort Laramie, they crossed the river a few miles, the Pioneers came to and camped at the fort for three Warm Springs, a place where water days. Elder Orson Pratt mounted about 70 F. gushes forth from a

the tower over the entrance and estirocky cavern on the hillside. This

mated the latitude and longitude of spring was known as the "Emithe fort. He also approximated the grants'Laundry Tub."Here camps

height of Laramie Peak that rose diwere made while women took time rectly west about forty miles. At out to do the urgent family washthe fort, blacksmithing was done and ings. This camp site is mentioned in

supplies purchased for the journey. the diaries of the Mormon vanguard

For years the Latterday Saints used company.

the fort as a halfway station beAnother historic spot around tween Salt Lake valley and the Miswhich much interest gathered was souri River. In 1890, the historic old {Continued on page 408)

JUNE 1947 375 wagons. The last wagons left Winter

Quarters July 3, leaving that place alsjvivie Jiahliahh most a ghost town.

The cricket invasion of the Salt Lake valley took place in June 1848. The

IN CHURCH HISTORY grain was saved when the sea gulls came and devoured the crickets.

Captain James Brown entered into

June 1829, Joseph Smith, Jr., reAmos Fielding who returned to Naunegotiations with Miles Goodyear, June

Inmoved from Harmony, Pa., to the voo during the month of June 1846, 6, 1848, for thepurchase of all the

home of Peter Whitmer, Sr., at counted 902 westbound wagons in lands, claims, and improvements,

Fayette, Seneca County, New York, three days. By this, some idea may be owned by Goodyear, by virtue of a

where he resided until finishing the formed of the number of teams on the Spanish grant. Brown paid $3,000 in

Book of Mormon translation. road at that time. Mormon Battalion money to Goodyear,

Later this month, the Witnesses of Captain James Allen of the United and soon settled on the Weber. This

the Book of Mormon were chosen. The States Army arrived at Mount Pisgah is the beginning of the settlement of

Angel Moroni showed the plates to the and had an interview with Elder WilOgden, Utah, by the Church.

Three Witnesses, and the Prophet ford Woodruff and President William The first number of The Deseret showed them to the Eight Witnesses. Huntington and council June 26, 1846, News was published in Salt Lake City,

During the month of June 1829, Peter, relative to the formation of the MorJune 15, 1850. Willard Richards was

James, and John restored the Melchizemon Battalion. On the 30th, Captain the editor.

Priesthood dek to Smith and Joseph at President Allen Council met Young and Apostles Lyman M. Amasa Oliver Cowdery. this relative Bluffs matter. to five hunabout with Charles C. Rich, revelation (D. The 18) C. "mak- & at arrived Pioneers Fort The Laat arrived persons Utah, San from dred ing calling the of known Twelve Apos-

1, joined 1847. ramie were June in They 1851, California, Bernardino, June tles in last these in days"received was Mississippi seventeen Saints here by settlement. of the a making purpose for 1829. June

at Pueblo. wintered had who commenced Elder Cannon George Q. first conference of the The Church

was held at Fayette, in June 1 830. Here Captain Brown's invalided detachto baptize natives in the district of Kula,

the Spirit was poured out in a miracument of the Mormon Battalion reached on the island of Maui, Hawaii, June 22, lous manner. Fort Laramie June 16, 1847, and con1851. This was the commencement of

The revelation now found in the first tinued westward the next day, intent a great missionary work on that island.

part of the Book of Moses in the Pearl upon catching the Pioneers. A few natives had previously been bapof Great Price was received in June The Pioneers crossed the South Pass tized on the island of Hawaii, and one

1830. of the Rockies June 27, 1847. or more in Honolulu.

Joseph Smith and about thirty other Apostle Franklin D. Richards sucelders were called by revelation to go ceeded Samuel W. Richards as presito Missouri and preach the gospel on dent of the British Mission in June 1 854.

the way, June 7, 1831. (D. &. C. 52.) His letter of appointment authorized

all the conferences over preside "to revelation, the order showing of him A affairs in the the all the of Church and the Kirtland Stake of Zion, was received June 4, 1 833. British Islands and adjacent countries.

This is the beginning of what has since

Early in the month of June 1837, come to be known as the European

Apostles Heber C. Kimball and Orson Mission. At one time it embraced, in

Hyde were set apart by the First Presiaddition to all the European missions, dency of the Church to go on a mission the Church organizations in Africa, to England. A few days later Willard On June 28, 1847, the Pioneers met Australia, and India.

Richards was called to accompany James Bridger who tried to discourage

S. Smith and company Thomas 13th, them. said that the trio, the Saints. give he would which had He On the

) site to their Fort Limhi ( Idaho dollars for the of moved been joined Fielding, first ear thousand left one Joseph by

Kirtland on their missions to England. corn produced in the Salt Lake valley. of settlement June 18, 1855.

political in a Stephen A. Douglas, the This first nonNorth American was Bigler others of the and Henry W.

Illinois, at Springfield, speech, delivered activity. mission Battalion, at stationed then Mormon

12, characterized 1857, MormonJune Saints the first Livercleared Fortyone for sailed from Diego, yard San ulcer of the as loathsome ism a body 6, pool the beginthe 1840, marking molding June of brick in California June politic, that recommended and Conthe gathering ning of 1847. from Europe. 29,

knife cut gress apply the should and

Samuel Brannan, on his way from out. it

At a general conference held in ManCalifornia, met the Pioneers at Green chester, England, June 1, 1842, River June 30, 1847, with news from L. W. Powell of Kentucky and Ben

8,265 officers and members of the the Saints who went out on the ship McCullough of Texas, sent as peace

Church were represented. Brooklyn the year previous. commissioners in the Utah War dispute

of 185758, arrived in Salt Lake City

Addison Pratt baptized Ambrose June 7, 1858. Soon peace was restored.

Alexander, a white man, on the island A t the beginning of June 1 848, Presiof Tubuai, as the first convert to Mordent Brigham Young broke camp Logan, Cache County, Utah, was monism on the Pacific Islands, June at the Elkhorn and started for the Salt first settled in June 1859.

16, 1844. Lake valley with a company of 1,229, The first company of Latterday

The martyrdom of Joseph and Hyand 397 wagons. He was followed by Saint immigrants who came all the way

rum Smith, the Prophet and the PatriHeber C. Kimball's company of 662, from the Missouri river by rail arrived

arch, took place June 27, 1844, at and 226 wagons, and Willard Richards'in Ogden, June 25, 1869. Elias Morris

Carthage. group of 526, who were traveling in 169 was their leader.

376 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bring forth the best of modern Totalent in this centennial year,

The Improvement Era and the M.I.A. offered an award for a suitable threeact play, oneact play,

story, speech, and song. ResponseAWARD WINNERS to this offer was unusually large, and

the various boards of judges have had difficulty in choosing the one most suitable for the occasion. However, all decisions have been made

and are announced herewith.

The most suitable threeact drama was written by Nathan Hale and his wife, Ruth. They are known

throughout the Church for their play, It Shall Keep Thee, which is printed in the current Book of Plays.

Formerly drama directors of the

Oquirrh Stake, they are now in California continuing their Church and dramatic work, and they are associated with the Penthouse Players of Pasadena. The play which was

given the award is called What Doth

It Profit and deals with pioneer life in St. George. This play has been

successfully produced by Church groups in California this spring and will be presented at June conference.

The oneact play is "The Rosewood Piano"by Alice Morrey

Bailey. It deals with the exodus of

the pioneers from Nauvoo, and all who have read it have been thrilled with its stirring drama. Mrs. Bailey

is a resident of Salt Lake City.

"Eddie Had a Sweet Tooth,"by Estelle Webb Thomas of Shiprock,

New Mexico, was adjudged the outstanding story. Dealing with the

problems, trials, heartaches, and joys of a pioneer family, its simple, sweet telling makes it an unusually understanding tale.

HpHE speech chosen by the judges was "The Value of Our Pioneer Inheritance"by Robert Earl Knotts.

He is a student at the University of

Utah and also speech director of the

University Ward, Emigration Stake.

Much difficulty was encountered in the music field, for there were so many entries, covering many different types of songs. There were

youth songs, rally songs, popular songs, hymns, marches, and so on.

Finally, the judges decided that it must be a tie, as two songs were equally good in their fields.

Beth Hanson Moore of Portland,

Oregon, entered three songs in the award and was adjudged one of the {Concluded on page 400) JUNE 1947 377 si THE SPOKEN WORD TLTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake

A A Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio netBy RICHARD L EVANS work through KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every

Sunday at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Daylight Saving Time, 9:30 a.m.

Central Time, 8:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 7:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

\Jn <=d.ii/lna <Jri''orever VUku Jln rd jrorbiddten 9

TThere is no compromising with death. We may difHThere is a statement accredited to Benjamin Franklin

fer much in our preparedness to meet it, but not which says, "Sin is not hurtful because it is forin our ability to avoid it. And the prospect would be bidden, but it is forbidden because it is hurtful."1 Perdark indeed except for the event which this day comhaps few truths are more important for youth to learn

memorates: the return from death to life of Jesus the than this. Young people sometimes profess to feel

Christ, the Son of God, the "first fruits of the resurthat instructions and counsels and restrictions are rection,"by whose triumph over death all mankind arbitrarily imposed upon them; that there is no basic

are assured a like coming forth from the grave. This reason for such precautions except that parents and

brings us face to face with these uncompromising facts: other elder advisers seek to saddle the standards of

Either this event as witnessed and recorded in history is true or it is not. Either men are immortal or they their generation on the succeeding generation. Superare not. Either we ourselves shall pass through death ficially this may sometimes seem to be so, because the

to life and shall come forth again by resurrection or outward things of life do change: foods and fashions,

we shall not. Such issues are not to be set aside or language and literature, customs and conveniences.

explained away. They are true, or they are false. Of But all the rules are not arbitrary rules. There are

course, we are free to believe what we want to believe. some things which in the experience of all men of all

It is quite reasonable that men should be reluctant to times have proved to be degrading and ultimately accept what they cannot explain, and it is certainly true destructive of character, of peace of mind, of happithat no man now living can explain the process of resness in life, and there is no escaping the consequences urrection. But the fact that there are some things the of setting them aside. Such timeless verities are not

Lord God has not told us would be a miserable excuse moved by the passing parade nor altered at the comfor not accepting what he has told us. And who is mands of convenience. They therefore are laws, comthere among us to explain how life came to be in the mandments, if you choose to call them such, and not is there to deny that we live? whofirst place—and merely arbitrary prohibitions. They are basic to the be unanswered will alwaysThere questions—questions upon hills on an nature of man and inscribed in holy writ as the wordthat rise upon questions as hills rise

eternal horizon. And if we should have to give up and will of God to his children. And so we would say

everything that man cannot explain, we should have to youth everywhere: When parents thus counsel

to give up much indeed, including life itself. But it is and caution, they aren't trying to spoil your fun or

fortunate that neither truth nor God is limited by man's "cramp your style,"as you sometimes seem to suppose.

understanding. If they were, we might expect nature They aren't forbidding merely to be forbidding. They

and the universe to be in the same chaos as are man's know the road and the rules; and in their way and in

own affairs. Fortunately, they are not. That we their wisdom, they are only trying to pass on what

should live forever is surely no greater miracle than many men in many generations have tragically provedthat we should live at all—-for the same God who gave that: "Sin is not hurtful because it is forbidden, but it isus life here, has also given us life hereafter—us, and forbidden because it is hurtful."1 Trust them when they

all men, and all those we love and cherish. And so we so counsel and caution, for they are speaking out ofaccept this day in recognition of the reality that if man

die he shall rise again. "... Believest thou this?... their great love for you and out of their concern for

Yea, Lord: I believe "(John 11:26, 27.) your unblemished happiness.

"Revised ]Poor Richard. 1739—April 6, 1947.—April 20, 1947.

378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TEMPLE BQUHRE

1A& Wen Pray* 'T'he needs of our lives are many—but they are perRespite all adverse elements, the past century or so

haps not so many as we sometimes permit ourhas been one of profound unfoldment of glorious selves to suppose. Like the children we are, we are truths. The mind of man has been permitted by the

often inclined to pray for things we think are essential Almighty to penetrate what to us have heretofore been to our happiness, but which, in fact, may have little unknown realms. But amid all this there is much need

to do with our happiness. As do some children, we for man's humility. Because we have learned a little

sometimes seem to want what we want regardless of of what happens and a little of why it happens, we the consequences to us and regardless of who else may make the mistake of supposing that we know more 1. Knowing a little something of the lawshas to go without to give it to us. We are often inthan we do

clined to pray for our own particular benefit, excluding and using a little something of the forces of the unithoughts of others, and to pray for things whether verse, we would do well to remember always that we we deserve them, or not. And sometimes what we pray are but the timid discoverers and not the creators

for, others are also praying for; and it may be somethereof. Actually it would seem that we are little

thing that both cannot have; and thus, in a sense, we nearer to answering some of the unanswered quespray against each other—as in a contest when both tions than was Job, so many centuries ago, when the

is this that darkeneth counsel by words withwewin—atand leastour opponentnot the samepraything.to win,Menandsometimesboth cannotpray Lord"WhoGod spake to him out of the whirlwind and said:

for "favorable"weather conditions, often forgetting out knowledge?... Where wast thou when I laid the

that what is favorable to one may be damaging to anfoundations of the earth? declare if thou hast under-

. standing. stars the together, sang morning.. Whenother. times, earnestly at pray so and rightly We

all the for sons joy? shouted thou and... Hast of God of point view, for life for longfrom our continuing

... into the springs of the sea? the gates Havesomeone whose purpose in life may have been accomentered

... thee? of death been unto thou peropened Hast

plished and who may have earned the right to move ceived the breadth of the earth? declare if thou knowest

on to other scenes, and for whom, in the plans of it all.... Canst thou lift up thy voice to the clouds, that

Providence, death would be a blessed release. Thus, abundance of waters may cover thee? Canst thou send

there is often much of confusion and counter purpose lightnings, that they may go, and say unto thee, Here in the prayers of men, such as only the wisdom and we are? Who hath put wisdom in the inward parts?

the patience of God can reconcile and bring to order or who hath given understanding to the heart?...

and justice—and that he does and will continue to do Who provideth for the raven his food?... Gavest thou

so, we doubt not. It was Paul who wrote: "... for the goodly wings unto the peacocks?.,. Hast thou

we know not what we should pray for as we ought...'n given the horse strength?... Doth the hawk fly by thy

which is true of many of us. There should be more wisdom, and stretch her wings toward the south? Doth

... Then Jobin prayer than fervent desire. There should be also the eagle mount up at thy command?

gratitude, trust, and, if necessary, resignation: "Thy answered the Lord, and said, I know that thou canst

thing, every thought and that no can be withholdenwill be done...."Unless we concede this, we set our do

thee... therefore from have that I utteredwisdom against the wisdom of God, in which case I understood not; things too wonderful for me, which I knewa prayer may become as the coaxing or teasing of a 1

child—as a demand insisted upon regardless of conproclaimsnot."Surelyhis weaccomplishment,are much as thewhilechilda kindlywho proudlyparent

sequences. "Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowlooks on, knowing that someday he will come to wised be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done dom. The greater our knowledge, the greater must be

in earth, as it is in heaven."*

our humility before God, and the more we must realize * Revised how little we know of the great unknown.

iRomans 8:26

2Matthew 6:9. 10—April 13, 1947. Copyright.iSee Job.1947.chapters 38, 39, and 42 -April 27, 1947.

JUNE 1947 379 else makes the book valuable, and that novel or one by Charles Dickens or is the feeling of family solidarity that it Mary O'Hara.

gives. One idea that must be constantly

Another book that is interesting and held in mind is that we must learn to stimulating at the same time is Harps discriminate in our reading. As Latterin the Wind by Carol Ryrie Brink, day Saints you have learned that it is

whose book Caddie Woodlawn you bad to smoke and drink, to use tea and may have read when you were a Bee coffee, and to do other things that are

Hive or a Junior Girl. This, her latest equally bad, but you must remember

book, is for adults. It is a particularly that there are others who do not believe

good book for the centennial year since like you concerning these matters;

it features the refreshing Hutchinson therefore, these actions will be incorpofamily who lived in New England from rated in their books. They, on the other

the time when our people were living in hand, may have thought deeply about

Nauvoo and later. Some of the causes some things that you have neglected to

(bsWv iffaaJWL: the Hutchinsons championed were some consider. The entire book cannot be

our Church has been interested in discarded because coffee and tea are championing also: temperance, abolimentioned, but we must also not accept

tion, equality of women. what the author takes for granted.

becannot While him condemn we lies for fun ahead of great deal a Hutchinsons had The the cause he not does accept com- w,hat this bit leisure, of a with a summer, you fun, going singing too, throughabout things, these concerning mandment questing mind, a nook, shady and a the out of England most where New neither his can accept we I idea-—besaid worthwhile book! Remember,

origiearly our of members Church better. cause taught been have we the fact worthwhile a because book of nated. the people were Some who I didn't to into regular a want go is is that material covers between bound in interesting their important and day song reading, about and dance but your printsign that the worth no book was

: in are ours equally Charles important it carefully. should consider you You it it ing, certainly not does and mean

if haven't Dickens, some read and you are the concerned about companions is inside putting the thoughts worth his try books, of does him choose to intimate your you out—what make truth, In head. too your books many

it that written long they a matter were friends; careful just be the as about find their into the these market way if the are ago; you, time to books new read. Ernest books you Dimnet made like days, that other are items and some

it said, as matdoesn't wisely someone statement, the read "Don't books; good sale, for price the not are they up worth

ter written, are they they were when is life short; too best."only read the the to or time that required be would

still books; Beecher, Henry new Ward I idea to that you. commend them. read

still are considered speeches whose this fun do have And summer—and books, are old both There and some States; in best the the United among that the sebooks you always—with that invite will heart new, your and P. such "go"T. a made who lect. are to a Here begin few with

life, to a of these mind and new way Hutchinof the the wanted friends, then the ask your Barnum,circus—and and and

deserve companionship. your What it; in sing sons he to Lind Jenny whom librarian, in the read reviews magazines,

shall that read? question That's a you in the to America. brought So Harps decide others and you to what want

is final for answer, can have no what stirs the imagination, the gives Wind for yourselves: add Magnificent The

spell to drink one person and meat may as consider, well to something as mind Farella, delightful a Barb by Dana in sickness to the another, same much fun. being story will horse with which you have

all that are equally not foods manner fun; Slave Shirley Born by Was A

all for people. good be book The may

is heroic the which Graham, biography for part, novels the most Towadays, if it is but for good, not you, good you Frederick of Douglass; Star Pointed A disappointing. present are They it. shouldn't read

is Fuller by a dramatic North Edmund life. distorted of frequently a view too

tell It's letter in to a hard what you dealing character, novel with the same false that idea the they have Novelists for that in to read, look the books you Frederick Douglass. in sensational to order be be must

let's In but beginning a anyway. make It will interesting an be experiment I If to novel choose popular. were a

first place, the every read you book read to these together learn two and I to of the turn should read, to some contribution to should your a make novelist a biographer re- a and how that older those proved books, have been

It living. of everyday be by may way differ If semble other. each and from is great sure test time. of one That by fun, for inspiration, for or information / to read See Borghild you by Wanted live. will a book So literature—that If the as of escape. or a beauty way if didn't, (and don't Dahl you you why if don't are novel, to going a read you

all several these of or combines book it will read glad to be you now? ) know list. seller seller best best the to go A it qualities, will to that prove be much is she that another having pubbook is, critic stated, perishable as one "more better. the is this It lished titled September. Karen Eliot butter."a than Pick George up

If you read for fun, you will need to and deals with a Norwegian girl who choose carefully, because some of the migrated to this country in the 1880's books that are alleged fun tear down and how, starting out as a servant in rather than build up. One delightful the Middle West, became important in

book of recent months will illustrate CAUTION the region.

what I mean. The title itself is invitBy O. F. Ursenbach I surely hope that you will have a lot

ing: We Shook the Family Tree, and of fun meeting the new and old in the

the author is Hildegarde Dolson. This Tf men would cease blindly to grope, good books that you will read.

is the kind of book that you Gleaners * But wisdom's course with care pursue; Affectionately yours,

will especially appreciate since it deals Add good sense to their faith and hope, with episodes just as you yourself might Disaster they could oft eschew.

butterflies chase, vainly men Though fun sheerhave experienced. and For

courting as they go, hazards Grim will situations theludicrous prove book that they the precipice fence Best a riot for most of you, and something Than have an ambulance below.

380 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA e Vo BRIGHAM YOUN&-Udi By WILLIAM E. BERRETT

is dead, many Assistant United States Attorney, Could he but be there upon thatBrigham Young people say, but those who say Fairbanks, Alaska occasion, his great heart would fill this have never known him or with pride in the accomplishments experienced the wisdom of his counof this people and the realization of sel; they have denied themselves the his own vision. One hundred years!

reading of his sermons and the What a short time that is!—the coolwarmth of his spirit; they have never ing hour in the morning of one of

gazed upon the great city he founded the Lord's days! But what a change

or felt his presence in the unique has been wrought in Western Amerhouse that so long was his home or ica: valleys carpeted with green

read the epitaph upon his grave. fields and studded with bright dwell-

I want to thank him for the moral ings; cities outsparkling the stars at

strength he has given me in times night; horseless vehicles speeding

of crisis and the example he has been over broad highways; skymonsters

to me in right living. I write not mocking time and space and the laws

alone for myself but give voice to of gravity!

those of my kindred, who, in following Brigham Young, lost their lives "Drigham Young entered these valupon the great American plains; for

leys of material naked wealth surviving those who, of my kindred with first a people seeking the kingfor battled existence that journey, dom of God and its righteousness, under his leadership in the valleys of the mountains; and I write also for and, as the Master foretold, "all

these things"have been added. their numerous progeny who now

find happiness and plenty in those Yes, there are false pride here same valleys. In the memoirs of. the and love of money and a striving for

living and the dead of my kinfolk I June 1,BRIGHAM1801 -AugustYOUNG29, 1877 social prominence and political infind a steadfast devotion to Brigham fluence. The battle for the souls of

not men even was by won Brigham of befitting servant a worthyYoung of scores journals and seep between but, lived, Young, while the enehe High.the Most the ink crackling like dry and paper fell back, wavered and my and good him! well Strange I know how flood. a steadfast His devotion and freely. breathed spirmen more The

Even in this distant land of Alaska faith was like a banner. No wonit he engendered and the ground he

of as clear image an almost I have der his followers found the courage gained have not been lost. would He father,his face as of that own of my to sing love the of the membership Church

better a far knowledge I haveand as in his today he loved them own should we die before our journey's feelings than I And his thoughtsof and time. find would the same weakthrough, He

contemporaries. ofhave of most my flesh, the of Happy day! all is well. nesses but he would

the him, knowing is and I know glory in spirit their giving, their of good. Asa child I played upon the little tithes and offerings, their voluntary

I have stood on the site of the old knoll where Brother Wilford services, and their missionary spirNauvoo Temple, overlooking the reWoodruff stopped his wagon that it. In a world of temptation and

mains of a city once dear to him, and Brigham Young might view the valturmoil he would find ten staunch have relived the rich experiences ley of the Great Salt Lake. I have men where but one stood before

and trying scenes enacted there. returned to that spot time and again, and he would be satisfied!

I have traveled with mighty speed and in the chirping of crickets, the In every gathering of this peothe great plains he traversed; while buzzing of bees, and the rustling of ple in this centennial year we feel

my body reclined in the comfort of sego lilies, caught again the vision in his spirit. It is in the clasp of

modern conveyances, my mind was your imperishable christening of a friendly hands, in the smiles on with him in a covered wagon, movgreat land, "This is the place."friendly faces, and echoes in the

ing with slow laboriousness over the These words, even as I write them warmth of children's voices.

muddy prairie and dusty plains. here, bring a tingle to my spine and In this day we have no sensation

I wept silent tears while the dead renew the longing in my heart to of having lost Brigham Young; we

were buried at Winter Quarters and return to Salt Lake valley. And I glory only in having found him. He

shivered in the sod huts under the shall return. The timely celebration has been good company for me these

cold blasts of a plains winter. marking the one hundredth annivermany years. I want my sons, and my

I shall never forget the kindliness sary of that imperishable moment sons'sons to know him as I have and patience and counsel of Brigham will find me again upon that tiny known him. For them and for genYoung during that first year upon knoll paying my small homage to the erations yet unborn I offer my thanks

the plains. They are chronicled in memory of Brigham Young. and heartfelt appreciation.

JUNE 1947 381 w CKUROH HDYES DN

Tabernacle, Temple Square NavajoZuni Mission Hawaiian Mission President

been aphas Salt""Phe worldfamed TaberSmith Lake Wesley has been appointed Eugene Flake C * of "PL/ * pointed is receiving nacle Presidency the First a new roof by as presiPresidency by the First sheet aluminum which, according to redent of the NavajoZuni Mission. He as president of the Hawaiian Mission.

isports, for his will Salt leave the manufacturguaranteed City Lake by He succeeds Ralph William Evans who 15. for years. alumier post about hundred one The He succeeds May it new the mission to was appointed when thirtysix Castle fortyto sheeting President is from Murphy. H.num

two inches wide, and interlocks in was organized some four years ago. President Smith was born in the

ridges to provide for expansion and President Flake, at the time of this Hawaiian Islands, while his parents.

contraction brought about by weather appointment, was president of the President Joseph F. Smith and Julina

conditions. Snowflake Stake, Arizona, Mission. Lambson Smith were filling a mission

first to the there. mission His Hawaiian He has done considerable missionary this spring replaced have Workmen

filled 1910. to Islands 1907 from was He in wall surroundof the thepart adobes

in to beginning California mission a brick.ing with Square Temple new

still in that mission, while and 1914, the of had seepage caused someWater the in to called he 1919, presidency was in bricks the This wallold buckle. to

Mission, this in acting of the Hawaiian first in the bricks time that not thewas until 1923. capacity

for that purreplacedwall been have wife, their His H. Smith, and Mary will it the not probably bepose, and

last time, either.

Western Canadian Mission

p* len G. Fisher, bishop of the Hill

Spring Ward, Alberta Stake, has been appointed president of the WestRALPH WILLIAM EVANS S. EUGENE FLAKE

ern Canadian Mission by the First

Presidency. He succeeds President

the among Navajo and Apache Y. Card who has been ill for workJoseph

filled Indians. in the a mission He alsoseveral months.

Northern States from 1921 to 1924.

It is anticipated that the mission headquarters will be moved from Shiprock, CASTLE H. MURPHY E. WESLEY SMITH

New Mexico, to Gallup, New Mexico, and that the work will be expanded to son Julian C, who is set apart as a include other tribes residing in New missionary,field of labor.will accompany him to the Mexico and Arizona.

New Stakes General Welfare Committee ""Three new stakes have been created rn C. Stayner, member of the Big in the Provo area of central Utah,

A * Cottonwood Stake presidency, bringing the total stakes in the Church and chairman of the Jordan Valley to 167.

region, welfare to has been appointed East April Stake Provo formed was G. FISHER GLEN JOSEPH Y. CARD the general welfare committee by the 13 from of portions Stake. the Provo

First Presidency.

Its Bonneville, are the wards the Provo of bishop Fisher has President been Eighth, and Ninth of the wards, both the Hill Spring Ward since 1940. Durlatter are soon to be divided.

months a six given thising he time was L. Golden sustained as was Woolf

fill shortterm a to of absenceleave president of the Stake, East Provo with

States. Northern themission to Hilton A. Robertson and Leland M.

Mrs. Fisher accompanies him to the Parry as counselors.

field of labor. Remaining in the Provo Stake are the

Manavu, Provo First, Fifth, Seventh,

Assistant Tabernacle Organist and Tenth wards.

Doy M, Darley has been named an T. COLLEY STAYNER PresidentOfficers Charlesof the ProvoE. Rowan,Stake Jr.,includeand

assistant organist at the Salt Lake his counselors, Lee Valentine and Orin

Tabernacle by the First Presidency. H. Jackson.

Elder Darley is a former chaplain in The organization was effected by Dr.

the armed forces, having served in the Let the people see to it that they John A. Widtsoe of the Council of the

Philippines and in parts of Japan. He get righteous men to be their leadTwelve and Elder Thomas E. McKay,

has filled a mission to the Eastern ers. officers who would rather assistant to the Council of the Twelve.

States, and has been director of the do right at a sacrifice than do Orem Stake was also created April

Bureau of Information at Washington, wrong for a reward, 13, from parts of the Sharon Stake. Its

D.C.—Brigham Young membership live in the Geneva, Sharon,

382 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE CHURCH MOVES ON Vermont, Vineyard, Lake View, and Twelve were in charge of the organizadent of the Utah Stake with Fred L.

Windsor wards. tion. Markham and Terry J. Oldroyd as

Walter R. Holdaway was sustained On May 4, the Utah Stake was counselors.

as president with E. Carlyle Bunker and divided to form the West Utah Stake

Dover Hunt as counselors. The wards are the Pioneer, Provo SecMission Presidencies

Remaining in the Sharon Stake are ond, Eleventh, Rivergrove, and Sunset A uthorization has now been given the Edgemont, Grand View, Pleasant wards. to form mission presidencies in the

View, and Timpanogos wards. Sustained as president was J. Earl fulltime missions of the Church where

The stake is officered by Henry D. Lewis, with James F. Paramore and this is thought advisable. The mission

Taylor, president, and William C. Leonard Braithwaite as his counselors. president is to select two counselors,

Faulkner and Philo T. Edwards as Remaining in the Utah Stake are the either from missionaries or the local

counselors. Park, Provo Third, Fourth, Sixth, and brethren. The counselors will be autoElders Ezra Taft Benson and Mark University wards. matically released when the mission

E. Petersen of the Council of the Victor J. Bird was sustained as presipresident is released.

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Tibbetts, Laura Eugenia Larsen, DeMar Rasmussen, Robert E. Walker, Robert Orgil, Darld Long, Walter

APRIL 7, AND DEPARTING APRIL 16, 1947 Wilford H. Hansen, LaRue Hatch. B. Kerr, Bernell G. Stout, Frank M. Tippetts, Dean L.

J. E. Patterson, Freeman, Jay P. Bob Reid Welch, first J. right, left to Fifth Reading row: Melvin K. from Walker, BabEdwin row: Marian DeWitt,

Nelson. L. L.cock, Mirie Eula Taylor, Flake, Wilkinson, Georgia Joseph Glen Haslam, Hamann, Raymond M. Emma

William Ninth row: Cannon, Gabriel Elden W. B.Colling, director; Harris, E. Jenks, Colton, Farnsworth, Bernice Anderson, Jack Don Donald M. Wallace

F. L. Price, Albert Sommercorn, Lothar G. Funk,Evelyn Phyllis Northgrave, E. Harding, Gilbert Arlo Bond, Albert Holyoak, Goodman, Dean Edward MarVernel G. Johnson, Nestman, Lisle Gray, Mark Rex S.Walker. gery Cannon.

T. Russon, Richard Allred, William Vere Frampton, J. L. J. row: Sixth Second row: Olson, A. Meier, Olaf Brown, 6. Lundgren, Gordon Helmet Ona Don

Jr., L. Hill, L. J. Roberts, M. Clark James White. Lillie J. E. J. Leloudir, C. Lyle Graff,Bingham, Larson, Keith Judd, Doral Richins, Gayle Donovan V.

L. Clint row: Bond, Tenth Richard Evans, O. MelJr., L. L. Stiff, Parrish,Nielsen, Francis Wilkes, B. Bay, Hobson, William Frank Vaughn Naomi M. Dan

Derrill B. vin L. Tew, Richards, Loutensock, JohnJones, Lewis, Bridge. R. Geraldine Cheney, Marquis B. William Mark Adams,

Stiener, Whiting, Juan Byron D. Adair, Herman W. E. J. Harris, Beesley, Third Clarence Ralph Nielson. DavidS. row: Donald Whiperman, Lee

T. J. Patton, Herbert Harrison. Lawrence L. Lloyd, Stanford, Stanford, Merrial N. Seventh Porter, Barbara Johann row: G. Oscar RowMac Dee

Allen, John S. Allen, Bonnie Mae Snow, RoMay Richland, Theron R. Jackman, Orline Maas, Jerry J. WakeEleventh row: Neil McCarthy, Joyce T. Gooch, J.

ards, Aloha Bohmer. field, Jack H. Braithwaite, Russell S. Hales, Clarence Richard Clark, Earl D. Love, Howard M. Gray, Jr.,

Fourth row: George S. Taggart, Marrincr K. Norr, L. Madsen, Stanley Reed Nixon, J. Paul Jewkes, JoAlmon A. Nelson, Douglas W. Stott, Rex N. Terry,

Edwin J. Richardson, Dale W. Mathie, Dale L. Hoffseph W. Walt, Melvin A. White. Jasper D. Hepworth, Ross D. Thurber, Roland A.

mann, Welburn K. Johnson, Yvonne Fabricius, Virginia Eighth row: Jonathan H. Palmer, M. George Tanks, Baldwin, Weston G. Henrie, Clarence J. Frost.

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Fourth row: Morris Paul Gray, Jack R. Young, Ivan Seventh row: Arlin T. Mecham, Milton V. Backman,

APRIL 20, AND DEPARTING APRIL 30, 1947 A. Olson, R. Mark Bartholomew, Leonard K. Roberts, Jr., William Edzell Beckstead, Lyman A. Bond, HowMarcel L. Nielson, Claudio Villalobos, Mrs. M. P. ard W. Anderson, Max Dutson, L. Dean Perkins,

Reading from left to right, first row: Nelson V. Tryon, M. P. Tryon. Versal H. Hunter, Aaron Leon Gummearsall, Floyd A.

Johnson, Jr., Earl M. Boy, Mary Nichols, Don B. ColFifth row: Glen A. Horspool, George W. Nielsen, Johnson, Keith E. Atkinson, Boyd A. Lake.

S. director; Lillian Clark,ton, Cooper, Sanford K. Lenord CharPaul D. Moore, Donald H. DeLaMare,

L. Eighth row: Gordon David C. McGavin, Mor- J. Roberts,lotte Jesse Johnson. Dutson, Rulon Walker, Donald M. Renne E. row, B. Coburn, Jorgensen, Ray A. Don Vernon L. B. K. Clark, Summers, Hutchinson, Sherwood, Robert Cecil Second Martin Dean Hickman, row: N. W. Allen S. Cornwall, Taylor, D. Bingham, Ronald Gayle Harris, Keeler, Daniel Harris, G. Rawlins. Donald A. A. G. LeoKate White. Charles Sixth Riding, Brodford. Lionel row: H. Kennard RobertHelen Hernandez, Howard

Third row: Joseph D. Taylor, Jennis Weeks, Bernice Densley, George E. Westfall, Rex E. Arthur, Joseph Ninth row: Dee M. Peiper, Morris A. Kjar, Reid S.

Wilde, James H. Leak, LeRoy Moore, Mack W. Brown, R. Pulsipher, Thomas D. Harper, Ralph E. Prusse, Larsen, Kenneth Hedin, Max Payne, James J. RobertHenry Dee Johnson, Elmer Lewis Frasier, Robert O. Pierce A. Fast, G. Ronald Bowles, Paul E. Stanford, son, J. Lowell Young, M. Dwayne Eskelsen, Norman

Hickman. Laurie B. Coles. W. Johnson, Warren E. Jensen.

JUNE 1947 383 and that of the Church. Only as you answer, yes,

i, Ljleaner Lj'iAs, will true success and happiness wait upon you.

Twentyfive years ago the M Men ( May 1 7, r(obte55e LJUlae! 1922) and the Gleaner Girls (May 24, 1922)

were authorized and organized. Their work has

been so well done that it is as a beacon to the world

Voir are born to the purple. You are of a noble of youth. They have shown themselves worthy

race. You belong to the world's nobility. of their noble ancestry.

Before the story of your people, unsurpassed in During these years much evil has crept into the human history, the world stands in admiring awe. world. Satan is making his last stand, and a deterFor the sake of truth, and that alone, six thoumined one. It should be your concern to battle

sand of your ancestors rest in lonely graves along against every corrupting practice. Tell the tempter,

the pioneer trail. For truth alone the easy comforts whoever he may be, "Get thou behind me!"

of a fertile land were exchanged for the barren You are the flying wedge of men and women who grimness of a desert waste. For truth, alone, the can cure the world of its moral sickness.

softness of your grandmother's hands was changed In this work of upholding the traditions of your into hard, horny palms; and your straightbacked people it will give you courage to remember

grandfathers became bowed in body. With a song "Noblesse oblige."

souls, in their to these your people you owe whom And ask the Lord for A. W, help!—/. lives for alone, truth faced, the of the contempt

world.

Under the hot sun of the desert, as the oxen trudged along, or the handcarts were pulled over hills and hollows, or the plow points were broken Jhe cJLeadt Lyrdalned in the dry soil, they defied untruth, and sang, "All is well."They were unconquerable.

"... the last They won the patent of true nobility. Truth was ommonly heard is the expression,

their motto and coat of arms. The badge that a and the least ordained."This might lead to

mortal ruler might confer, is, by comparison, dross the conclusion that the blessings and the Spirit of and worthless. the Lord are to be more enjoyed by some than by

Such is your heritage! others, that some services are rewarded with greatDo you remember it? er blessings. This is not necessarily so, and the

Do you honor the people to whom you belong? expression may be misinterpreted.

Do you thank the Lord for the great gift of your The Lord said, "O ye that embark in the service descent? of God, see that ye serve him with all your heart,

He who comes of a noble race must live nobly. might, mind, and strength."This was said to

That is his obligation. That is the meaning of everyone, not alone to bishops, not alone to stake

noblesse oblige, a phrase which, throughout the presidents, not alone to the General Authorities.

world's history has stirred tens of thousands to Everyone is to serve wholeheartedly and comaction. pletely. And everyone has an opportunity to enjoy

Our fathers, whether pioneers in fact or in spirit, the Spirit of the Lord. Blessings are predicated

loved truth above all else. Do you do so? not necessarily upon the position or title held but

and upon the observance of the law. The leader of a They kept their bodies clean—physically morally. Do you? small chorus in a remote branch of the Church reIn the wilderness of desert or thought, at any ceives blessings as does the conductor of one

sacrifice, they sought learning to help them. Do of the great choirs; the Relief Society visiting

you prepare yourselves as well for life's work? teacher or the ward block teacher who serves faithThey fed their eternal spirits by Church activity. fully in her or his responsibility can receive a testiDo you take time out regularly to help build the mony of the Lord's work equal to that of any

kingdom of God, the kingdom that will absorb and member or officer of the Church. All spheres of

direct all other kingdoms? activity are important, and every soul brought to

They spurned untruth, and the dissolute habits a knowledge of the Lord's work is precious. For

of a careless world. Do you? the building up of the kingdom, to do the will of

They had courage to live the law of the Lord. our Father which is in heaven, no one is "least"

Have you? responsible, no one is "least"set apart, no one is

Your answers will determine your own futures, "least"ordained. H. L.

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Come Talks to Young People About Current Problems JElSlUlflllB* By MARY BRENTNALL two weeks before the Cadet you but I found myself short of

It'sHop, and Bob is on the phone money and couldn't persuade Dad to asking you to go with him. help me out. I don't care myself call up and say "hello"occasionally

"Oh, I'm sorry,"you explain, "I'd in fact I'd much rather just spend the and give you a chance to turn them love to, but I'm going steady with evening with you, but a swell girl down. Well, not that, exactly, but

Walt now, and he's planned somelike you should have been there."you like to do your own explaining

thing else that night.""Oh, Walt, don't be silly,"you about this little arrangement. You

You like Bob, and for a moment protest. "I don't care a thing about are fuming. Spring has turned chilly,

you have a pang of regret at missing the old dance—stumbling around on and you don't love your teachers, nor

the big school event, but you lose long skirts to the tune of a terrible the neighbor's puppy, nor Jenny singing, nor Walt—especially that pang—fast! You come from orchestra. I'm having a wonderful Do's

the phone, singing. It's wonderful time. Let's go home. Mom's saved Walt.

tonight's to be going steady—and especially us the drumsticks from

later. t's can't of a bottle underpop a week and there's You with I

refrigerator, I'll teach still inand you stand boy why the new He's Walt.marvelous—athletic, tall chicken,in the

the center on the basketball team. a new rhumba step."The Cadet terests you. He isn't as good lookHe's fresh and clean and easy and Hop is forgotten. ing as Walt. In fact you keep think-

"smooth."You feel "tops"when ing that if you should, just should,

you're with him—at your absolute by any faint chance, go out with him,

best. you'd have to wear "flats"because

Then, it's such a good feeling to he isn't as tall as you like your boys.

know that you're "all set."You don't But his teeth are wonderful, there's

have to pretend not to care when the a nice friendly twinkle to his eyes, other girls are talking about their and he's a "whiz"in physics. It

dates and you don't have one. You isn't that you've lost interest in

don't have to worry whether you Walt, but he doesn't seem quite as are going to have an opportunity to much fun as he once did, and occawear the new formal that Dad gave sionally when he comes over to see you for your birthday, because you'll you he looks a little unkempt. And

always have an opportunity now he never calls you till the last minute or will you? Well, you're just not—he takes everything for granted.

going to think about missing the School is nearly over. The new

Cadet Hop. It's nothing to the fun boy has asked you out, and you've

of being with Walt. told him you would "let him know."

W'hat good times you two have It sounded flat and uncomplimentary, together-—sitting over "malts"and but you just couldn't bring yourself

discussing the fine points of the last to say, "No, I'm going steady,"and game. (Bob says you're the only yet you felt that you'd have to talk it

girl who really understands basketover with Walt first.

ball.) You've planned the summer, It's two weeks after the Cadet Hop. He is fine. "Why, sure,"he says.

air. feel as Spring's in the You I rides, bicycle tennis, to ahead. go right want you "You too—swimming,

first as the crocus and gay is to steady anything do."wonfresh hikes. But you in do want

derful! Mmm—going your garden. You love everybodyyou wonder if he is a little hurt.

your teachers, your parents, your "Please feel free to go with other

Pomes Friday night and the Cadet friends, the neighbor's cute puppy, girls too, Walt,"you urge. "I don't

Hop. The girls are all in their Jenny Do's divine singing over the want to be selfish about this, and I

prettiest formals, and the boys have radio, Walt—especially Walt. And certainly don't want to give up your

scrubbed and polished the family then suddenly you see a brand new friendship. It's just that Fred's becars. You and Walt sit out the dance boy at school. He looks nice. You ing so new and all, it's hard to turn

in a movie. You don't see much of find yourself thinking about him. him down. I feel that he probably

the show because you're all mixed You pass him the next day in the needs a little attention."

up in your feelings. You are so hapcorridor and overhear one of the "Oh, sure, Gerry—don't you worpy to be with him, and yet you would boys say to him, "Hands off there, ry about that. I'll ask someone else

have liked to go to that dance and fella. That's Walt's girl."For some if I want to."Walt was fine!

wear your new dress, and Dad was reason it makes you mad. "Walt's So you have your date with Fred.

a little disappointed, too. Walt girl,"indeed! Do they think you're t's June. Walt hasn't asked for a

doesn't seem exactly himself, either. a piece of property? "Going steady"I date since the first night you went

Finally, he says: doesn't mean that Walt owns you. out with Fred. He's friendly but in

"Say, Gerry, I feel like a goon So that's the reason no one's called a very reserved fashion. For a while

about this dance. I would have taken you recently! They might at least (Concluded on page 386)

JUNE 1947 385

LET'S TALK IT OVER

( Concluded from page 385 Dating should be fun for right self a little to please others and yet he didn't take anyone out at all, then now, but it also has the purpose of not overdo it. There are nice dishe began to "play the field."Now preparing us for happy married life, tinctions and gradations in behavior

he's going away to his grandfather's and that preparation involves not which you learn only by some effort lost—asfarm for ifthea summer,member ofandyouryou ownfeel onlyalso selectingbecoming thetherightrightpartnerpartner.but and,Be glad,perhaps,if adversesome situationsembarrassment.teach

family had deserted you. But anyNeither of these purposes is furtheryou to hide your own disappointway, there's Fred and he's taking ed by this exclusive "going steady"ment, because to mask your own

you out frequently and you wonder idea. Happy marriages are achieved hurt is often the first step in learning

whether he's going to ask you to "go by young couples who have grown real unselfishness. A little genuine

steady."It might be fun up—some; by young couples who anxiety for your own popularity

And following Fred, there will have attained a marked measure of teaches you invaluable lessons in probably be Jeff and then Arnie and selfcontrol, who are tolerant, undersympathy with the needs of others.

then Cal—one at a time with heavy, standing, forgiving, unselfish, who You can take all this training in

intensivethen—not datingeven goodfor friends!a while and ticularly,have high loftystandardsconceptionsof life, andof marpar- bounceyour youthbackbecauseinto healthat thisandtimegoodyou

Y"ou may not be Gerry or anything ried and family life. Happy marrispirits when sorrow and disappointlike her. This may not be the ages are achieved by young couples ment have had their day. But if you

pattern you follow. But it's a pretty who love each other in the best sense avoid all this in your youth, you

fair sample. of that word and who know, beyond won't be able to live happily in a

"Wouldn't you rather have more doubt, that they do love each other. marriage where you are expected to

maturity and sofriends—not exclusively—but

moderately longer?"lasting This was asked of this I am generalization—becausesure there are exceptionsthereto haveto bereachedready—atemotionalleast

Marilyn. ready for life. Only in exceptional

"Oh, but you don't understand,"cases does "going steady"give you she exclaimed. "That's impossible."If persons lose confidence in this training.

it themselves, takes awayThe boys won't have it. You go out the It doesn't give you wide enough

faith, strength, that confidence and three or four timeswith someone adaptability and or requisite in others leaves a experience, have them—it automatically to him! belong either foryou standards or high enough call that space weakness* we

going steady that are you It doesn't or your friends.You find Young yourself

to orwhether not, and you you—Brigham want of real training in the kind give you

have to break with him completely friendship which can "keep the old,"before any one else will ask you out. even while "making the new.""GoAnd you don't always want to do always are—but the rule still holds ing steady"as it is practised today

that. that "going steady"doesn't do much is too often just a technique for

"Of course,"she admitted, "somefor your development into the kind avoiding the real training to which times it's the girl who maneuvers a of grownup who can handle marnormal dating subjects you.

It's happily. safe pretty a into situation steady dates a and riagefew too, on a hardship it works

that try to formula you make when little feel responsible a a boymakes the standfrom a boy—sometimesThen in for things yourself youth, easy too life."socialfor her the from point of finances—often in things too succeed making you little It like, "All to a sounds me For, time. while of standpoint

hard for yourself later on.or nothing at all"—which dating at normally, he might be saving his

to be. intended never ageyour was to take a girl out on a very money HThe resilience of youth was in the did world bright youngHow sys- "steady"the special date, under

women ever get themselves into such planned to take the shock of tem, he finds his money used up on of "growing up."normal amount situation? in the world doa A How small frequent the too things—the anxieties and and pain to heartaches subscribebright young men ever sodas movies and and gas—which

any such arrangement? are part of that process, and when playing continuous attendance deIf you'll forgive me for making a we try to avoid it by this particular mands. And, whereas, he might be

very logical deduction, it seems as type of "social security,"we just studying or playing basketball with if you were either very lazy or not make it harder for ourselves later on. the boys or attending to his Church

like the It's a little youngster getting intelligent. who aboutquite How the of and duties—any learns in "six the to play piano easy healthfulbright and and energetic activities he varied of boyhood—personal ability a native are all lessons."and Some proving weand honest—and call"finds himself and entirely "on

these by discarding this "going few musical patterns may give him responsible for the good times of hissteady"business—at least until we some facility, but it's far too limited girl.

have the right or the real desire, training to meet the demands of real actually, to belong to someone? musicianship. You need the best Of course, "going steady"isn't

After all, "going steady"means that possible training also to meet the the only dating mistake. There are

we're "trying out"an engagement needs of social life. You should others, and perhaps they call for dislong before we should be engaged. worry a little about whether you're cussion also. But for now—let's

It's "jumping the gun."It's a not going to have a date to the Junior think "going steady"over. Maybe

very sportsmanlike trick! Prom. You must learn to exert youryou'll decide to "throw it over."

386 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Put some pep in your pickup, Scoop,... or it won't be news by the time we get it!"

FLASH: Ride it, man, we've an edition to catch.

That fouralarmer will be colder than a wet match by the time this hesitating Hilda gets us there. Obviously, chum, you haven't heard the

word about Chevron Supreme Gasoline. It's

"climatetailored"for this neck of the woods;

balanced just right to put more speed in startup, more pep in pickup.

SCOOP: I've got the word now, pal! With

Chevron Supreme under the hood, this baby has more hustle than a cub reporter. And

notice there's no knocking when I give it the gun. That's Chevron Supreme's high octane on

the job. We've got a beat on this story—

Z. and Chevron Supreme gets the credit line.

Its goodgoing on

There is no better gasoline at any price CHEVRON GAS STATION SUPREME GASOLINE

JUNE 1947 387.

Z)o JU> -J NEIGHBOR V for By ROSCOE W. EARDLEY Good Ideas

in a small town night Church Welfare in Of the General a friend Utah, I metONEsouthern Committee whom I had not seen for a long time. Among other things, he

mentioned that he and his wife had It seems to me that it would be very been reading the counsel of the comforting to have a little on hand Church leaders concerning storing a few pounds of sugar or a little flour MENUS&3& at least a year's supply of food. He or some canned fruits and vegetables

said that his faith in the gospel and that one could pass over the fence to the Church leaders was as strong as my neighbors who might be in need.

it had ever been, that he aimed to President Brigham Young, Presipay a full tithing each year and also dent Heber C. Kimball, and others

remembered to consecrate his fast of our stalwart fathers and mothers day with an appropriate offering. took from their own supplies in the

The ward in which he lived was not early days in Utah and helped their as active in welfare work as he neighbors who were in need. This

thought it should be, but whenever should be a splendid example to the bishop had called upon him to guide us today."

assist, he had tried to do his part.

"But let's talk about this storing of rPo help a neighbor in need was a food that I'm interested in,"he fundamental teaching of the said. Lord Jesus Christ. This friend whom

Taking a memorandum book from I met that late fall night is the perhis pocket, my friend showed me a sonification of the Church welfare list of foods which he and his wife plan: In the storehouse system, the

had decided to store. We went over aim has been to provide sufficient to

it item by item. The list had been meet the needs of those who look to

very carefully prepared and was the the Church for help, and then to most complete list of its kind that I have a little left over that can be had ever seen. handed "over the fence to our neighWe talked about each item and its bors."

storing qualities. I complimented Our neighbors who are now in

him on the thoroughness of the most distress are separated from the list, but added that it seemed to me central stakes of Zion by seven thouthat the quantities he proposed to sand miles of land and sea, but from store were excessive. I told him that the stores which have been laid up

the counsel had been to store only in the homes of the Latterday Saints enough for one or two years so that and the storehouses of the Church, the food would not spoil, because the the sufferings and distress of our

Lord does not look with favor upon brethren neighbors in Europe are bewaste. I suggested also that the ing partially met by a new and infood which he stored should be used tensified campaign for supplies and

from time to time as needed, and that shipments.

as the food was used, it would be that stocks replenishwell to the so For Best Results a fresh supplythere be always would HOTEL LANKERSHIM 7th * IftOADWAYon hand to last for one or two years. Be Sure to Use..

Headquarters RATESin Los Armeies L 0. S. MODERATE

A7[y friend smiled and said, "You FRANKRAY H.R. BECKETT.WISHON ManaaerOperator

know, I have some neighbors LOS ANGELES that are not very provident, and I 'TWO tEHSOHS ONE CHJUCE"have some more neighbors who lack faith in what our leaders have said, other neighbors I haveand who are WE OffER circumstances; fortunate verynot in A COMPLETE

SERVICEI am thinking not only about myself ENGRAVING and family, but also about my neighFrom Missionary Portraits to the Largest bors. I think that if hard times come, Catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt AttentionI can enjoy my stored food and be happy in my home only if I know UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

that my neighbors are not hungry. 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

388 THE IMPROVEMENT1 Eft#v Photographed in "Harvester Farm"Exhibit at Museum of Science and Industry, Chicago

INTERNATIONAL TRUCKS

Celebrate 40!t ANNIVERSARY

with NEW line of Great Trucks NEW INTERNATIONAL KB-5 WITH LIVESTOCK RACK YES—this year we come to the 40th ucts of advanced design, research and You'll know without our telling

Ylirthday of International Trucks—engineering. Note the handsome you that the new 40th Anniversary

and this year International Harvester lines of the two popular units shown Internationals will be hard to get for announces a great line of rugged herethe KB-1 and the KB-5. Under some time. They are very much worth

NEW trucks, the KB Internationals. hood and body are scores of features, waiting for! See your International

You've heard it said that "Life Beimprovements, and refinements that Dealer—he'll do his level best to get

gins at Forty!"When you see and combine to make the biggest values early delivery for you. And count on

drive one of these beautiful new modin 40 years of International Truck our truck factories to do their best to els you'll know it's 100% true about history. Full range of sizes—from the supply your dealer.

the everrenewed trucks that carry the sturdy pickup, above, to the heavyMotor Truck Division famous triplediamond emblem. duty hauler of 35,100 pounds gross International Harvester Company

The new Internationals are prodvehicle weight rating. 180 N. Michigan Ave. Chicago 1, Illinois

LISTEN TO JAMES MELTON ON "HARVEST OF STARS "ERY SUNDAY! NBC NETWORK.

JUNE 1947 389 DNTHEBDDKRHC PROTESTORS OF unfamiliar with the subject, in and out PHILOSOPHER'S QUEST

CHRISTENDOM of the Church, ask frequent questions (Irwin Edman. Viking Press, New

(James L. Barker. Zion's Printing which are here candidly and wellYork. 1947. 275 pages. $3.00.)

& Publishing Co. 1946. answered. Mormonism has learned As always, Dr. Edman writes well,

220 pages. $2.50.) nothing from masonry; that is amply and in this volume he particularly

A. W. stimulates since he steps into his field P\id an apostasy from the doctrine and proved by this book.—/.

organization of the primitive of philosophy and tears aside a few

Church make necessary a restoration THE MODERN MINUS SIGN veils and plunges into vital questions.

in this day of doctrinal truth and of ( 24 pages. 25c. ) and Anyone reading the book will come

divine authority? That is the question ARE YOU AWAKE? away refreshed and resolved to live

which is brilliantly answered in this (Florence E. Marshall Stellwagen. more calmly, more meaningfully.

book, chapters of which appeared first Published by the author, 704 Third The author judiciously teases with in The Improvement Eta, volumes 41 Street N.W., Apt. 51, Washington, bits from the recognized philosophers,

and 42. D.C. 96 pages. 50c.) not always fully agreeing with them.

In twentytwo interesting chapters, HThe first of these two booklets of One bit that will reflect in a measure the easily read and understood, the author rhymes and jingles is against totone of the book follows:

his early Christian theme. pursues The alcohol. against the second, bacco; Tolittle artist forbuilds a sometimes The

councils, the the early fathers, deep gether, they form a battery of good little tress universal island chaos, against a confusion of the dark and middle ages, sense, some humor, and not a little of meaning in the epidemic of contingency and the reaching out for light by John ridicule for the destruction of these two and futility of things. I think that is why

Huss, Martin Luther, Ulrich Zwingli, enemies of mankind. Many of the these little discoveries of form and order

John Calvin, John Knox, and others, rhymes will hit some men harder than delight us so, and why, if we have any feel that achieve panorama moving historical must form a we talent at all, we A. W. of logic.—/.... thing, the justrightness the painthave hopes. waywardness and humanhuman

ing, just sonata, the the sonnet, out come rises certainty picture the the ofOut APES, GIANTS AND MAN right. I feels, scale, imagine, small a on One truth restoration gospel of that was a of University Weidenreich. (Franz felt the must have was when God way He necessary. Illinois. Press, Chicago, Chicago It the universe. to creating look had good is forceful treatment, a book This 1946. it pages. 122 $2.50.) It finished. did, too, to was when Him deepest of of a theme new,somewhat

if I remember. relative to the physilatest views It 'T'he all Saints. Latterday interest to

C. J.should be so also for the whole Chris* cal development of man are here—M.

language, set in understandable forthtian A, W. by LAST HARRIET FOR STRAW world.—/. author apauthority. great a While the (Elizabeth Cadell. WilliamMY LIFE'S REVIEW parently accepts the doctrine of man's & Co., New York. 1947. Morrow

(Benjamin F. Johnson. Published by long ago descent from apelike an256 pages. $2.50.)

the B. F. Johnson Family Association. cestors, throughout the book is the clear 'T'his book is full of laughter and good

Sold by W. S. Johnson, Barnwell, differentiation between facts and infamily fun and problems. Harriet

Alberta, Canada. 1947. ferences. Those who are interested in Ellison, the mother of the family, is the

394 pages. $1.75.) the processes employed by scientists longsuffering heroine on whom all

"Denjamin F. Johnson, at one time in the study of man's physical past will kinds of difficulties descend. She's a

secretary to the Prophet Joseph find this book most interesting. The thoroughly enjoyable person whose

Smith, compiled in his later years, from chapter on the races of men is especialpoise would shame most redblooded his journals, the story of his long life ly enlightening. It is refreshing to note Americans who would like to emulate

( 18181905). It is one of the best perthe judicial care and deliberation of a her.

sonal records of early Church and westtrue scientist.—/. A. W. The author has done a great deal to

ern history. In seventeen really wellbuild the ideal of family solidarity

written chapters he reviews his experiBARS FROM BILIBID PRISON which is so much needed today.

(Charles Brown. Naylor Company, The of in the first yearsences the Church,—M. C. ]. 1947. Antonio, Texas. Illinois.in Missouri, Ohio, and He San

shared in the exodus to the West, be129 pages. $2.75.) THE READER'S SHAKESPEARE

a Jonathan foreword Wainby M. Inc., Julian (Babette Deutsch. Messner, builder of Ariuseful WITH and a Utahcame

is rethis a poignant Wright, book 1946. York. 510 pages. $4.00.) New filled to missionszona, and Hawaii suffered soldiers of of our * some what inauthor's introduction to this work at last places, asother and moved the into the the of advent an minderwith Japanese this of writing *I heeludes statement: "The

exile overflows to Mexico. book The is poetry the uneven, Philippines. While this vistas has opened book up new....

with the spirit of pioneer times and rethe thoughts behind the poems will reveal not only as regards the great plays, but veals many precious items of the halfan anguish which we should experience in with respect to the fundamental matters of forgotten, intimate history of the comorder to see that such an event does not ocwhich they treat."No matter how wellis presection of again. poetry cur Each these little known plays may winning of the howing of the gospel and the be—or

of events the explanation prose ceded by a in known, the treatment of them this bookintermountain West. J.A.W.

final in of defeat the the and the march Japwill writer create an accomplished by sections are flesh torn terest in them and make the reader desireMORMONISM AND MASONRY anese. These prose in-

(E. Cecil McGavin. Stevens and from the wounds of our soldiers. These reto turn to that master playwright of them

all, of true the stirring man. majesty his Shakespeare, and read Salt City, Utah. vealWallis, Lake

the of fifteen is "Sonpoignant poems most dramas. includes of his The The book

pages. $2.25.)1947. 200 line strongest the to greatest while Prisoner,"plays net interesting a and will provide

'"Phis enlarged edition of a work long is, "We have stacked our arms and shoulreading for every member of the family.

out of print is very welcome. Those dered dreams."—M. C. /.—M. C. ].

390 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA foefa THE RAIN FALLS QUIETLY ON GRADUATION DAY

TEMPLE SQUARE By Helena W. Larson

By Caroline Eyring Miner Today, your graduation day, falls Square. rain quietly on Temple of you! proud we are HowTHE

as straight I walk of always often dreamed this Oh, have may you How away And be as sweet and true!

In tropic jungle or upon the sea.

is before world's all the you now, Yes, for meThe tenderly—it

fall. spires run or can you true. The tall pierce AndA dreamrain comefalls

the gray So fearless, confident you start

Of pregnant cloud, and heaven's gracious You're not afraid at all.

peace Falls magically in silver darts. To be Unfaltering your step, and firm,

Here on our Pioneer anniversary As the right paths you choose.

And feel this benediction was my dream. You've graduated, Baby mine.

The rain falls reverently. The trumpet's Into some hardsoled shoes.

blast Moisturevapor-proof LOCKERAPLocks sky, curtained and it parted now seemsHas frozen juices meats, fish, of natural the at in let through shine the light of GodTo and... keeps them looking fowl and game

last.

Let rain fall peacefully upon this dome; tasting FRESH! Get easyto-use, economiIt is the symbol of my faith, my home. PATTERN FOR A HOME cal LOCKERAP at your grocer's or at your

favorite locker plant.

By Jessie Ambridge Swigart Handy Guide to Correct Wrapping

Upon We ashoulderedday especiallytransit,madehammer, spade, STEP 1: Use sheet large

And staked the pattern for a home enough to wrap around

In the gypsy grass and sandy loam. TWICE. Place meat

A dozen trees, a ragged row, close to end of paper

Was all the realtor could show and roll over once. BE

When first we eyed this weedy space SURE THAT WAXED

A year ago. But see! the place SIDE IS NEXT TO MEAT.

Assumes at once a friendlier air

For we have set a pattern there,

To be a home and garden; now

We'll buy a broody hen—a cow; STEP 2: Tuck in one side

A fence to bound a shining lawn, of paper. Be sure to

A gate for kids to swing upon; crease tightly and tuck

Berried shrubs of brilliant hue securely, insuring airTo soften corners, and renew tight seal. Sealing air

Earth's covenant when blossoms die out is essential to proBeneath the chill of an autumn sky.... tection of flavor.

The path that wanders past the door

Curves yonder at a sycamore (We find it easy to forget The tree has not been planted yet.)

The house, the fence, the garden plot,

The shrubs and emerald lawns have not—Courtesy Salt Lake "Tribune'Progressed beyond an eager mind;

TEMPLE SQUARE AT CONFERENCE TIME WhatBut diligenceheart andwillmindalwaysare setfindto do

Have various ways of coming true.

THERE IS EVER A SONG overSTEP again3: Rollandmeattuckhalfin tapeSTEPor4:string.SealtightlywithLabel with

By Zara Sabin A SUMMER DAY AT THE RANCH Other side of wrapper. soft pencil or crayon.

HPhere is ever a song in my heart, By Eva Willes Wangsgaard

A paean of gladness, Now chanting wildly its part, T'd save one day forever if I could:

Now muted in sadness. * The sky was blue as hyacinths which

But it sings, bent It sings! Their stars above the marshes, near a wood,

Where cattle browsed releasing spearmint

There is hidden deep in my heart, scent;

A prayer of thanksgiving A flock of blackbirds found a willow tree,

For blessings which God imparts—Their bodies ebon leaves on emerald lace;

isIt 1 good to be living! The children left the brook and came to \

It is there, me Ci My prayer. And every minnow found a shadowed place. *!*?

Then suddenly the black leaves burst in

There is ever a hope in my heart, song;

trust in the arias parts choral andA CO. PAPER WESTERN WAXED

guide, ANGELES and LOS such opera an PORTLAND belong as canMy Infinite,-my compass, my chart, WoveSoprano r e h Corp. b ac Division - Zel I Crown> OAKLAND exquisite. pattern air grateful hearts Only to open andMy

is just! Bursting withHe joy it yields and the summer J

I trust. fields. luscious, mellowing barley Over the

JUNE 1947 391 hard enough to win a recommendation from the secretary for a position staff. the Lake The Eagle camp file onConfidence

in her this success note of was also

By PHIL HANNUM neat "Confidence"book.

"But there is the note I'm really started, I wrote it down. You can proud of, Aunt Ruth,"Mary said

see, I didn't use many words earnestly, pointing to an incident about any particular 'success'—just recorded from her senior year. She

enough to refresh my memory. Then, had been voted editor of the high

I time feel discouraged because any first girl to ever school annual—the looks job big and impossible, a new position. been the hold She had

I just take out this book and look worried because she had felt unback at other things I managed to qualified by her insufficient experiaccomplish, although they once ence. However, she had resolved to

seemed impossible, too."do her best to put out a championIn high school, Mary had trouble ship annual. At the end of the year,

with cake baking in her domestic when the yearbook had won the science class. Her aunt, reading a highest possible rating in the state

note about this cake problem, learncontest, Mary's "Confidence"file—Illustrated by Fielding K. Smith ed that Mary had resolved to keep had received a fresh note.

it after until at she turned out had quietly builds this In way, Mary in file hancomes systematic least of cake could one she which be to coursuccess. success from Her

it student, to whether any dy proud. a she She had won selfconfidence, had—for based on age and

file receipts for ex- a of be fair district at blue ribbon the with is after another, goal reaching one notes. of or a file psychologyApenses devil's cake. her food natural growth. a sound, having

file light to the of type cameA new book, her "Confidence"Through file also "Confidence"conHThe night, a other however, busy when junior college girl was having a vistained a note about Lucy, Mary's she is developing a feeling for the it with her aunt. The girl is presicollege chum. When Lucy had kind of success which makes for

dent of a college club, president of moved to Westport several years happiness. Her personal record is

the dramatics club, editor of the colbefore, the girls had become bitter becoming a rich bank from which lege annual, and teacher of a Sunday rivals for the high school tennis she can draw inspiration when she

School class of junior high school championship. As Mary had written faces greater challenges in years

girls. in the "Confidence"file, "The truth ahead.

After they had discussed current was, I guess we were scared of each events relating to the girl's varied other's game. I had been champion

activities, the aunt shook her head. the year before, and in Lucy I saw

"I don't see how you manage so the greatest threat to my title. I was many jobs, Mary. They all must right. She won it!"Hannmts

take a lot of thought and work. But, while losing on the court, Payment for Handy Hints used will be

Where do you get the courage to Mary had been won by Lucy's one dollar upon publication. In the event

undertake them?''sportsmanship over a close decision. thatthe onetwo postmarkedwith the sameearlierideawillare receivesubmitted,the

Mary smiled at her aunt, a woman Mary had liked the newcomer from dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

she loved and respected and whose then on and had determined to win but each will receive careful consideration.

advice she had accepted on many Lucy as her friend. The "Confioccasions. "I'll show you, Aunt Ruth. dence"notebook recorded how If you like cheese with apple pie, try

Just a minute, please."Mary had succeeded in this aim cheesea cube withof cheeseapple indumplings!the centerJustof eachtuck

as winning not only her Lucy desk, to her study went Mary delectably chum, dumpling baking—it's to her her Church, also winning brought out a but a drawer and opened W. C. /., Somerville, different.—Mrs.before small, black notebook. On the cover, so that Lucy had become one of the Massachusetts,

word—"Confidence."in white ink, was printed the one leaderstivities. in the young people's acTo make moist lunch sandwiches that

in regunot soggy, sandwich make school, in high had are the in high school,"While Mary I was "When exception. with this one lar manner On to to also determined have a girl full sumexplained, handing the book

her aunt, "I read somewhere that mer at the large girls'camp at Lake filling,either sideplaceof waxedthe tomatopaperor justothera moistlittle success is simply a matter of attainEagle, near Westport, although her larger than the slice of bread. When ing a goal—regardless of how small family could not afford this added lunch is to be eaten the waxed paper is

or large. That gave me the idea for expense. She had enrolled in afterslipped out, and the sandwich is perthis book. From then on, whenever noon classes to equip herself for camp fect.—Mrs. A. P. A., Los Angeles, Cali-

I carried through on a job I had leadership, and then had worked fornia.

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CD0H5 CORNElf Josephine B. Nichols

A fter Church on Sunday is an ideal time to visit with friends and neighbors, and it isn't hard to scheme up something new for that evening snack.

There are luscious fruits and vegetables, to be served alone or in combination with enriched rolls, biscuits, or cake.

Make your serving easy by planning menus that can be prepared the day before. Use recipes that can be whipped

up in a few minutes, or that are partially prepared and stored in the refrigerator.

Sunday Night Supper Menus A pitcher of Tomato Juice Filled Hot Biscuits Fresh Fruit Pie or Stuffed Crab ala Creme Spiced Crab Apples Potato Chips No3 Mother...

Warmedover Rolls Butter Big fresh bowl Strawberries "I didn't forget to 'phone... but

Cream Angel Food Cake I never knew just how much work went with or a wedding ring. Seems to me there's always something

Salad Frozen Fruit Whole wheat Nut Bread Sandwiches Oh, my goodness! that's what you used to say, isn't it *

Ginger Ale

Recipes Filled Hot Biscuits Yes9 Mother

Fill hot buttered baking powder biscuits "I'm doing my own cleaning and washing. Our

cheese, ham, baked snappy minced with place is so tiny... and everything's so new and

tuna, or shrimps, hard minced sardines, cooked eggs, mixed with salad dressing and bright, I can't bear to let anyone else touch it parsley, or mustard and chopped pickles.

or my beautiful linens and towels either...

Fresh Fruit Pie A baked pastry shell and fresh fruit;

botheavily over sugar sprinkle powdered Of course Mother!. shell, sliced fill with pastry tom of baked

washed berries, or welldrained peaches sugar. "FelsNaptha Soap?... I never use anything else. with powdered generously sprinkle

Spread whipped cream over the fruit, garThat's one thing I did remember... By the

nish with sliced peaches or whole berries;

serve at once. way, Mother, how does a man get so much dirt

in his collars and cuffs?... All you've Stuffed Crab ala Creme

learned is how to get it out? I see what you

1 cup medium cream white sauce 14 teaspoon salt mean, darling. FelsNaptha Chips?...

fine grain pepper 2 tablespoons finely minced celery I have plenty—I think. Soon as I p

1 tablespoon minced green pepper hang up I'll make sure... 'bye!"

2 cups cooked or canned crab meat \>2 CUP fie buttered crumbs

Combine white sauce, salt, pepper, celery, green pepper, and crab meat. Stuff crab

shells with mixture; sprinkle crumbs over

top. Place in shallow pan; bake in moderate

F. for oven, 375 fifteen minutes or until FelsNaptha Soap six. Serves brown.

{Concluded on page 415) BAN/SHESyATTLETALE GRAY"

JUNE 1947 393

.MELCHIZEDEK

stand."—LoDiscourses, Importance of Priesttheirrenzo brethrenSnow, Journalfrom thisof

hood Stressed by vol.Priesthood4, p. 157. to Bring About the Restitution of Church Leaders

this desirable about Alt Things:end—to"To restorebring

creation to its pristine excellency and the T)riesthood, the Foundation of fulfil rethe object of to creation—to study of the subChurch: "The exalt, save, and deem, glorify man

ject of the Holy or Melchizedek Priestto save and redeem the dead and the

FREDERICK W. BABBEL hood, including the Aaronic, is one of living, and all that shall live according

vast importance to the human family. to its laws, is the design and object of

The student of the true science of the establishment of the priesthood on

It is the in for the last days. the earthFrederick W. Babbel theologynecessity willof itsreadilyexistencecomprehendamong men,the fulfilling herenot has of purpose what

for that true theology, or the reason tofore works God's done—that MelchizedekNamed Christ, of the exist cannot Church Jesus of the the time be may beenperfected—that it. It lies of at the foundation without all things restitution brought of be mayPriesthood Secretary

it is the the authority Church; by which in that, the conjunction about, with and

is the organized, or established Church in the eternal heavens priesthood (who Frederick has BabbelP*lder W.

built governed, and which up and by them, could without us, nor without we of the been named secretary Melall is the gospel ordipreached, the and to bring perfect) not be made may, we of thechizedek Priesthood committee for salvathe nances thereof designed in all the things been pass which have succeedingChurch, Arnold D. White of tion are administered or mankind the Spiror spoken of by mind of God, private entered business. haswho

solemnized. ordinance of the gospel No it all the of the of through mouth God, nearly Elder spent three Babbel years

acceptably performed can be to God.. since prophets or holy the was.. worldin as a missionary prewar Europe

efficacy in with its auto man except by in the are heavens priesthood "The Austria, Switzerland. andGermany,

thority certainly there power, and and these to bring uniting about with us his awaiting release the was fromHe is rite instituted or ordinance no by are as the purposes, governed they by and in call the Francisco Sanarmy when in great the of plan Almighty redempprinciple, that our works same may to Elder accompanycame Taft Ezra is essential tion to salvanot the which reciprocity there be a may of the of the CouncilBenson Twelve theagree—that tion his children. exaltation or of far will (so action, that of God's andto his secretary, assist as and Europe

Therefore, where the Melchizedek or as we are concerned ) may be done onin reorganizing the missions of the exist, Priesthood there does not Holy It is this is in heaven. as it earth the there. Elder withChurch worked He

its in of Christ can no be true Church this learn, to which and which have for we ten Elder months,Benson and with is this fulness. priesthood not When fulfil calling, to our and must do assistant we to the CouncilAlma Sonne,

of the Twelve, for four months after found among mankind they are destirender our works acceptable in the

Elder Sonne had succeeded Elder Bentute of the power of God, and therefore sight of God and of the holy angels, son as president of the European Misof the true science of theology, or the and also in the sight of our brethren, sion. In his fourteen months of activity, Church and religion of Jesus Christ who are associated with us in the

Elder Babbel visited fourteen countries, who is the great high priest and apostle priesthood in the kingdom of God on of our Millennial Taylor, F. Smith, thetraveling miles. seventy thousand salvation."—Joseph earth."—John Doctrine, Gospel p. 1 89. 1, Star, November vol. 9, pp. 321322, unique as misexperience With his

sionary, serviceman, and having a spePriesthood, the Key to Revelation: 1847.

cial assignment to postwar Europe, "The Melchizedek Priesthood holds the Duty of Men Holding the PriestElder Babbel has the firm conviction mysteries of the revelations of God. hood: "It is the duty of this vast body

that the gospel is the only sure way to Wherever that priesthood exists, there of men holding the Holy Priesthood, exists also of the laws a knowledge is after of the order of the Son of which peace that any must comepeace—and the gospel has exand wherever God; influence their exerexert and God, to of thanfrom the hearts men rather

being imposed by governments. isted, there has always been revelation; cise their power for good among the

Elder Babbel has held many ward and where there has been no revelation, people of Israel and the people of the and stake assignments, among them bethere never has been the true gospel."world. It is their bounden duty to

Taylor, Journal of Discourses, preach and to work righteousness, bothing ward Mutual superintendent, teach-—Johner of special interest classes, and a vol. 13, p. 231. at home and abroad."—Joseph F.

member of a stake Sunday School su- "Men who wish to retain their standSmith, October 1901, Conference Reperintendency. He has been active in ing before God in the Holy Priesthood, port, p. 83.

scouting for twenty years. must have the spirit of prophecy, and "Men who are vessels of the Holy

be qualified to administer life and salvaPriesthood, who are charged with tion to the people; and if they cannot words of eternal life to the world,

do it to the world, they must do it at should strive continually in their words

The general Constitution of our home, in their families, in their shops, and actions and daily deportment to do country is good, and a wholesome and in the streets, that their hearts may honor to the great dignity of their callgovernment could be framed upon be inspired with words of life at their ing and office as ministers and repreit for by it was dictated the invisfiresides, in sentatives of the teaching to their the gospel Most High."—Brigible of the operations Almighty. Discourses children, neighbors, Young, to their and as ham

—Brigham Young much so as when they are speaking to Young, p. 202. of Brigham

394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE

B. LEE, W. KIMSPENCER HAROLD CHAIRMAN; SMITH, FIELDINGTWELVE—JOSEPH

CLIFFORD E. Tt was Gold and Green time in El Pa- E. MCKAY, G. THOMAS ROMNEY, MARION TAFT BENSON,BALL, EZRA

YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS so, Texas, and the committee chose

for its locale the lovely Hotel Paso Del

Norte. A menu for the banquet was

"I have no fears about this work 1. Importance of priesthood restoraunder consideration and the manager

being accomplished, but I have fears tion to this latterday work. innocently asked the kind of cocktails

about many of the Latterday Saints; D. & C. 84:6264; 107:5, 8; Gospel desired. He was surprised to learn no

the asked wanted. cocktails He were 178181; edition), Doctrine pp. (1919 if Priesthood the Holy havebecause we meal. the with coffee or tea of choice 130132. 236238; Kingdom, Gospel pp. live reour not and heads do ourupon neither that surprise expressed Again he restored. Priesthood Holy all 2. The theligion, under of men we a memmenu: the of part Mormon was Church, the History Documentary of Wilford condemnation."greatest are—the to mentioned the committee ber of

Woodruff, Journal of Discourses, vol. volume 1, note pp. 40, 41; D. & C. 27: manager that there would be no use for

21, p. 125. 12, 13; 128:20; Gospel Doctrine (1919 the ash trays. "You mean to tell me

The priesthood of the Son of God edition), pp. 242246. that there will be no smoking?"He was

cannot be exercised in any degree of 3. Priesthood "holdeth the key to openly incredulous. "How could any

unrighteousness; neither will its power, the knowledge of God."group enjoy themselves without cigarets

coffee?"or tea even 107: 1922; 20; or 84: 76:5-10; C. D. & cocktails—orits with authority virtue abide him and the mentioned hotel manager The 136, Kingdom, 121:2632; Gospel pp. is is in treacherous corrupt, whowho refriends. his to The plans Mormon 139; Discourses 137, Wilford Woodof hishis toward soul and toward God the debate among sult: immediate an

64. p. ruff, It will in force abide notfellow men. city conthe of prominent men most

and power with him who does not hon- 4. Priesthood's part in the settlecerning whether such a thing could be

or it in his life by complying with the ment of the West. done. These men, all leaders in civic

requirements of heaven."—Joseph F. D. & C., section 136; Gospel DocEl Paso, asked permission to witness

Smith, April 1904 Conference Report, trine, p. 170; Milton R. Hunter, Brigthe Gold and Green Ball and banquet.

p. 3. ham Young the Colonizer, Chapter 7 They were quickly welcomed. At the

ball, carethey as the well as banquet, Colonizaof Personnel The Priestthe Sacredness Keeping of evethe of action every fully observed tion; Theochapter Inviolate: Covenanthood 10—MormonsMormon impressed. deeply guests ning. were The Democracy. witthey said, had before, they Never

this priestadministra- priesthood receive also all they who 5. Effects And of nor party a wellconducted such nessed

hood receive me, saith the Lord; tion during the past hundred years. one more lovely.

For he that receiveth my servants re- (An excellent opportunity is here ceiveth me; of the role the to afforded develop Advertising Liquor receiveth receiveth that he me my And since the in the priesthood Church the this know, of column readers AsFather; Saints from Nauvoo. of the exodus "adliquor receiveth eliminate receiveth Father that to he movement my And placed stress might upon Particular be

all that therefore Father's in kingdom; in my magnitude is growingmy vertising of of most within the events memory shall him. given unto be hathFather intercountry. of the parts various An cite It the to listeners. well be the may is this oath the according and to And the is of action the esting example servthe priesthood the of among work the priesthood. to belongethcovenant which This Tribune. Indiana, Bend, South in recent the and during war all the icemen receive those Therefore, who which publication is said to a be paper rehabilirelief this covenant oath receive and andpriesthood, the welfare Church the of as one acceptance earned has break, cannot Father,of which he the activities, particularly during tation my

circulating widely influential and most itneither moved. be can years. past two

strictly metrothe outside newspapers, after this covenant breaketh But whoso 6. bearpriesthood Responsibility of paid accredited field, an having it, politian altogether turneth received and hathhe neighbors, to Church, his and er family,

17, December of of 86,415. shall forgiveness circulation nottherefrom, have On the world.

to in the this world come. after in norsins world that it December announced 1946, 4146; 121:3438, 68:2533; C. D. & 84:3541.) &. C. (D. adverbeverage alcoholic 1946, no 31, Discourses Wilford Woodruff, pp. of the either accepted, by tising be would 102105.

station, its radio or WSBT. Tribune

7. preparation as Priesthood for

the manthis action Priesthood ofSuggested In explanation life. eternal

staradio or newspaper said any ager 107: 3344; 84:22, 27:1518; C. D. & interestsRestoration Topics best the of considerate tion 138; Dis- p. 100; 99, Gospel Kingdom,

of listeners, not or and its patrons of 80, courses Woodruff, issue pp. Wilford of Improvement the of TheTn May can involved, income the monetary 76. section also 85. See D. C, letter & special published a Era was advertise to refuse less than hardly do

8. priestthe keys Necessity for of of regardthe the Council Twelvefrom liquor.

hood.ing Priesthood Melchizedek commemoof readers to induce The movement 132:7; 13; 84:1418; 27:12, D. & C. to exercises. addressedrative This was adverthat magazines and newspapers Dis168, 176; Doctrine, Gospel pp. presidents of mispresidents of stakes, 414) on page {Concluded

71courses Wilford Woodruff, pp. of presidentssions, of wards, bishops and

74.of branches.

Anticipating that suggested topics the priesthood. Make of your presentawith notes and references for this Each of the topics above outlined tion a dramatic and living account

event might be helpful in preparing this affords an unlimited field for original which will stir and inspire those who program, a number of items are herethinking. Every effort should be made may participate in these commemorawith listed for your consideration: to stress the sacredness and vitality of tive exercises.

JUNE 1947 395,1 RRRDHIC PRIEBTHDDD CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

LEADERSHIP WARD YOUTH

OUTLINE OF STUDY APPOINTED Award Records Reach

AllTime High JULY 1947 Note: This course of study is prepared Touring the first four months of this

under the direction of the Presiding year, there were 2,539 standard

Bishopric for presentation during the quorum and group awards issued monthly meeting of the ward youth 1,471 quorum awards for the Aaronic leadership to be conducted by the bishPriesthood, and 768 group awards for opric in each ward. Members of the Latterday Saint girls.

ward Aaronic Priesthood committee and The individual award record is outof the ward committee for Latterday standing. During January, February,

Saint girls are expected to attend this March, and April, there were 16,192 meeting. individual awards issued—7,986 for

of the Priesthood, Aaronic members f AST in this month, column, suggesgirls. for Saint 8,106 Latterday and

tions for were made an outof-door Priesthood Aaronic members Theproject for youth. Several criteria or GEORGE WALLACE FOX far total the record have gone beyond

guides set to were up vouchsafe the for 1,471 1945, with awards so quorum in the amazing Aaronic growth HPhe success of any project. such These this for year far 1,373 1) over (May Priesthood Saint and Latterday guides the and pointof-view developed Individual of 1945. awards whole girls has necessary programs the the in last made month's discussion apply with over issued date 1 ) are 7,986 to ( May field appointment of additional an equal this to weight month's theme.

for 1945. 6,704 in to assist the worker youth. with work

The Ward Plant The Presiding Bishopric announce the While we are reviewing the record

Questions: appointment of George Wallace Fox to for 1946, let us remember we are mak-

1. Are the present ward building this position. ing the record for 1947.

facilities adapted to the interests and Elder Fox has had a wide variety of needs of youth? experience and activity in the Church. chorister; member of Tabernacle choir;

2. In what ways are they being used He has come up through the quorums ward clerk; and second counselor in the

by the youth of the ward? of the Aaronic Priesthood and has esbishopric of the Twentyfirst Ward,

tablished himself as dependable and Emigration Stake, which latter posiFrom generation to generation human true to his priesthood responsibilities. tion he now holds and has held for the

nature is much the same; boys and girls He filled a mission to Argentina, South past five years, serving under Bishop

of every age enjoy recreation. While America, 19331936, and served most Gordon Burt Affleck, and currently unhuman nature remains quite constant, of the time as mission secretary. Other der Bishop J. P. Greene.

and of satisfying meansways the depositions Elder of Sunwelcome Fox to our staff We held include-—member

needs sires and of people are constantly superintendency; his appointment. are day School and happy in ward

changing. Football, basketball, bowling, roller skating, pingpong, badminton, and volley ball were, at least most are used only for regular organization afterwards, and play in gym shoes or in

of them, unknown to the pioneers of meetings and occasional functions, stocking feet. Build protection for

1847. while our young folk go elsewhere for windows and walls, if necessary, but

Are our ward houses, built as they most of their recreation. Such is the let them play the games they like to play

have been over a period of many degeneral picture, we believe. at regular intervals and in class and

cades, adapted to the interests of youth quorum groups with their leaders.

today? Most of them consist of three Using the Ward Facilities

the Priesthood Aaronic 2. Have andunits: chapel, including a classrooms a in planning change and a little With large classroom Scout or a roomRelief PriestSociety Aaronic room, pointof-view, of our peoyoung many purpose. than one serve more recreation room, a and Scouthood and ple again enjoy of their would more

hall and kitchen. The chapel and classsocial life under the influence of the We saw one Scout room equipped

rooms remain as much needed and useChurch. Just a few changes in our with work benches, which folded neatful as ever, but what about the recreapresent facilities would be necessary ly against the walls, and with cuptional utility of present facilities? to realize this purpose. Let us rememboards at one end. This room was

Before the days of radio and so much ber, first and always, paraphrasing planned, made, and kept in tiptop shape school and commercialized recreation, Jesus'remark about the Sabbath, "The by the troop who did much of their a large recreation hall with a stage building was made for the people and merit badge work right in the room.

served good purposes. Ward dramas, not the people for the building."It must They took pride in this room which

operas, minstrels, shows, dances, and serve human needs. served as a classroom, game room, and

dinners were held frequently with all work and hobby center.

age groups participating. Now, other 1. Make use of the recreation hall.

agencies have made it very difficult to Let boys and girls, one age group at Suggestions for Discussion and Study carry on ward dramatics and even ward a time and always under friendly superdances for younger groups. The result vision, play games in it. Let them make 1. Review last month's discussion.

is that recreation halls and classrooms much of their own equipment, clean up {Concluded on page 405) 396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WnRDTEHCHING,J&>* CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY HENRY G. TEMPEST.

i answered. Nellie she P\avid I am,""Oh, yes, been married and had 1 WOULD RATHER SEE A ask your should I think you four years. isolated Being on a // "Then,

ranch twenty miles from friends, near SERMON THAN HEAR ONE husband to kneel in prayer with you.

the Canadian Rockies, had made them If he objects, you continue your prayvery close to each other. Fundamental- A True Story ers faithfully, and he will join you."

ly they had been happy, but there were By Lynn Del Mar The next month brought further moments in Nellie's life, particularly progress, and as a pleasant evening was when she was alone, that were distressconcluded, David said, "May we have ing. Something from within seemed to realize your desire."Then he said, "Do a word of prayer before we retire?"

be protesting. Silently, but truthfully, you keep the Word of Wisdom?"Before leaving, Nellie was asked,

she admitted dissatisfaction with some Her eyes dropped. She said, "Well, "Do you pay tithing?"

of her accomplishments. you see, David does not understand; "No, you see, David does not believe

David was not a member of the we are alone. He likes tea and coffee, in tithing, and he earns the money."

Church. Nellie had married him beand to be friendly, I use them too, but "But,"said Brother Marlene, "don't

cause of her love for him, believing im- I have told him about the Word of you have an allowance? The Lord says

plicitly, that she could convert him. Wisdom."we should tithe our income, and ten

Since their marriage, he had gradually "Yes,"said Brother Marlene, "but cents is tithing on one dollar and is as grown more indifferent. Any attempts how much influence do your words have acceptable in the sight of the Lord as

on her part, or that of friends, to diswhen your life does not conform to the one hundred dollars is on one thoucuss religion seemed to increase his teachings you advocate?"sand dollars. If you believe the law of

determination to avoid the subject. Another month passed, and as the tithing, you should comply with it."

Finally he informed his associates that ward teachers approached, Nellie met On the next visit, Nellie paid three they could be better friends if religion them saying, "How happy I am! David dollars tithing. This was the first since

were left out of all their conversations. has discontinued using tea and coffee. leaving her home.

About this time, Brother Marlene When he observed that I was not using As they concluded the visit, the foland his companion were assigned as them, he said, 'Why aren't you drinklowing month, David said, "I would ward teachers to visit the home of ing tea or coffee?'Then I replied, "I like to pay some tithing, if you will

David and Nellie. It was a fortymile have been unfair to you. I have been accept it."

trip, and in the winter when the snow taught the Word of Wisdom from my "Why do you pay tithing?"he was

was deep, two days were required to youth, but I have not been strong asked.

make the visit. enough to live it. I have told you of its "Because my wife has proved to me

The first visit was made during the value, and within a few hours I have the value of the blessings which will winter, and by invitation they stayed broken it myself, not realizing what a come to those who faithfully observe overnight. David proved to be a poor example I was setting.'The next this principle."

splendid host until religion was menmorning when I was preparing breakAs they were preparing to leave, tioned, and then as usual, he requested fast, David said, 'Don't"make tea or Brother Marlene commended Nellie for that it not be discussed. coffee for me anymore.'the progress made in the conversion of

Conforming to his wishes, a pleasant Before leaving the next morning, David, "But,"he said, "you have anevening was spent, and when it was Brother Marlene said, "Nellie, do you other very important step to make, you time to retire, Brother Marlene asked pray?"She paused and then said, "No, must get him to attend sacrament meetthe privilege of kneeling in prayer with I do not. David never believed in praylog.

them. This was granted, and prayer er, and after we were married, we had "That,"she said, "will be difficult.

was offered; the prayer was a supplicaso much company, I just forgot to He loves to go into the park each Suntion for the blessings of the Lord to be pray."day."

upon the household. 7ft"But, you say you believe in pray- "You must impress upon him the

Before leaving the next day, David necessity of properly observing the asked a few questions about the gospel, "Yes, I do,"she replied. Sabbath day. This can only be done

but Brother Marlene answered, "I de- "How strong is your belief? Surely through your sincerity. Express a desire to be your friend so probably we it is not faith, for faith moves one to sire to attend Church regularly, and

should not discuss religion."David, action. You know your promise. Are urge him to accompany you."

however, invited them to'visit regularyou willing to keep it?"David accepted Nellie's proposal,

ly each month. and as winter approached, they came

The next month, a very pleasant eve- A PRAYER regularly to sacrament meeting. Soon

ning was spent, but unlike the first visit, By Thomas D. Hunt thereafter, he applied for baptism, and

the gospel was discussed until the early when the Alberta Temple was opened in I ask God, prayer humble for ordinance in 1923, he and work morning.hours of the prepared As they

wilt guide thou with OHThat first tender care, Nellie in the those were amongto leave the Nellie next day, life, footsteps the of on called The way

Brother Marlene aside and said, "I Of her, whom thou hast made my wife. company to receive their endowments

and to be sealed in holy temple maranything give seewould could if David fall, joy, as raindrops Let not tears, riage. jointhe truth of the gospel and would years. of lonely In her garden

the Church.""Nellie,"he said, "I am Our former way of life preserve, When asked the question, "What ingoing to take you at your word. I am While in my country's name I serve. fluenced you most in your conversion?"

prompted to make you a promise; if you Our faith and hope, Lord, please reward; David said, "I would rather see a serare willing to pay the price, you will Keep both our hearts of one accord. mon than hear one any day."

JUNE 1947 397

DEMOCRACY AND RELIGION IN CZECHOSLOVAKIA

( Concluded from page 367 ""Phe Czechs lost their freedom to countries of the Czech's right to his decree the Czech language became the Austrians in 1620, For the independence, of his ability to govthe language of stable boys and sculnext two centuries it seemed that ern his own affairs peacefully, and lery maids, German or Latin was they fell into absolute passivity and to hold his own among other nations.

substituted in schools and public astook the Hapsburg yoke without any Many Czechs joined him within semblies. Czech books, including the resistance until the end of the Bohemia as well as abroad. Those

Bible, were burned with persons who eighteenth century when some Latin who were forced to take up arms defended them. Nonconformers and German scholars, with a strong with Germany and fight against the

were expelled from the country, and feeling for their own birthright, beAllies, deserted and joined the Alalthough the Czech language and gan to promulgate by archeological lied armies as "legionnaires."In the

spirit were destroyed within the and historical research a revival of meantime, farsighted and practical country, they were kept living the Czech language. They had many Masaryk organized and patterned

abroad. successors in the nineteenth century with the approval of others the fuAmong the many distinguished among historians, professors, jourture existence of an independent

exiles was Jan Komensky (Comennalists, and writers. Their methods Czechoslovak state. He patterned

ius—15921670), bishop of the were ingenious since none of them the Czechoslovakian constitution

Bohemian Brethren and an accomtaught resistance by force. All of upon that of the United States. Thus them believed in informing and when the Czechs gained their inplished scholar. His achievements

teaching the broad masses of Czech dependence at the end of the war,in the field of education gained him prominence among other nations, people patriotism. If they gained they were ready with their own

and he soon received invitations to patriotism, they would unite and be democratic procedure and elected reform the school systems in Holable to demand their rights from the Dr. Masaryk president for life.

Austrian government. Following their heartbreaking exland, England, Sweden, and HunNone of these workers had so periences of World War II, theygary. His ideas of school reforms much vision, realism, and ability as have now reestablished freedom ofwere revolutionary for his times, and Dr. Masaryk, a son of a halfserf the press, speech, and religion,

as they formed a basis for the system their something, in of the estates one noblemen's on own which—as iswhich used, he has now been

will Slovakia. presentday leaders of is one Masaryk many say—theycalled the father of educamodern

their lives. treasure in selfmade men. guard with and Czech Born 1 850

for plantion. His the people Czech

thirst Huss, with an for Komensky, unquenchable Masaryk, So and to follow and cherish is expressed knowledge, he became a university others did not labor in vain. Theyby one of his followers, the late Dr. professor and philosopher of intergave their beloved countrymen a

Thomas G. Masaryk: national renown. His national conwonderful heritage of democracy,

In Komensky we have the best example sciousness and his strong sense for and a desire for education, truth, and of real, sublime, ardent love for one's counreligious thinking were awakened brotherhood.

life,try, based on a of wellgeneral view early. Democracy was one of his With religious freedom restored,considered confirmed. and his for love The

own country and his own nation, however, favorite aims even in times when he we find the country prevalently does not prevent him from working to unithad to sacrifice material gains to Catholic, an heritage of three cening all men as brothers.... Love your own adhere to its principles. turies of domination by the Hapscountry, but other fellow love your men as When World War I broke out in burgs. It is not difficult, however,well, bettering and through yourself and

educating yourself, try to serve them and 1914, Masaryk fled abroad. Armed to conclude that the Czech character

save them—Komensky set that ideal for with a fluent knowledge of European will again be receptive to the meshis people to follow. languages, he informed the other sage of the restored gospel.

A MAJOR RESPONSIBILITY

(Continued from page 362) neither athirst."{ibid., 84:79, 80.) the end of wickedness. Theirs was

messengers of peace and salvation Is it any wonder then, that with the responsibility of warning the increased. They were promised that their personal testimonies, a new world of impending judgments as it

their words would be prompted by dispensation of the gospel was being is ours today. They knew, as do we,

the power of the Holy Ghost and opened, coupled with these stirring that the Lord has said:

of the promises they Lord, went the will the of "bewould Lord"and shall desolating a For scourge go forth at great personal and forth in powerscripture the people unto inasmuch the inhabitants of the earth, and among sacrifice, without reward, monetary shall faithful. continue theyas time poured out from to be were were They

even though their numbers were few time, if to not, until they repent the earthtold that they were being sent circumstances poor? and their is Add inhabitants the empty, thereof and

"out to prove the world,"that to this the fact that the heavenly consumed away and utterly destroyed areby they should "... not be weary in pronouncements emphasized that the brightness of my coming. Behold, I tell

things, I these also told the even as... you neither darkened,mind, and last the time the gospel this was

the destruction of people of Jerusalem; anda hair"of their "not head should given should be as a witness to men shall it at this be verified as time word my

fall to the ground unnoticed."Likein preparation for Christ's second hath hitherto been verified, (ibid., 5:19, 20.)

wise they should "... not go hungry, coming and the end of the world (Continued on page 399)

398 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Major Responsibility Honor Awards {Continued from page 398) {Concluded from page 370)

Senior Scout Guide as the basis for discusSAYS '"Thesidertimethecamepublicationin late 1831of theto conrev- sions in our unit meetings.

"Recently the Newmont Mining elations that the Lord had given to 5. Camping and Activities

Company, one oi the nation's larger I have complied with the policy of the revhis Church. certain mintime many intention By this regarding M.I.A. proper observance of its companies,oi developing mining the received, elations and had been should enin Utah. eral ground camp. Sunday in announcedWe

outside capital courage more to Church had shown considerable Our unit participated in at least one interoi our in development take a hand dollar resources. For each oi ore growth in spite of persecution and unit athletic activity during the past year.

in stays produced, Utah."90c

drivings from the powers of evil. At

6. Advancement

this conference of elders, where conAll Senior Scouts have met the requiresideration was being given to the ment of "Duty to God"before advancing compilation and publication in book from rank to rank.

form of the revelations, a most signifiAt least ten percent of the registered cant thing happened. The Lord reSenior Scouts in my unit have qualified for

vealed through the Prophet Joseph the "Deseret Recognition."

a great revelation addressed to the 7. My unit has carried out an active social

the fivepoint sohis with all program in harmony of "unto and Church INDUSTRY people METAL MINING for Senior Scouts cial program and Junior is,"declared, there he men, and OF UTAH Girls.

(ibid., 1:2.) escape."to "none No

**** <..*.. message heretofore given set forth Each application must be signed by

in such clarity and power the worldthe scoutmaster or Senior leader and (district) the stake comthe executive, THE LESTER widerestorednaturegospel.of theIf messagethere hadofbeenthe missioner,approved byScout and

any question before, this left no Y.M.M.I.A. stake superintendent.

room for doubt: Our message is a

world message.

I have faith in God, and that cyjehu &\OSS No person can read section one of the Doctrine and Covenants, realizfaith corresponds with the works I

Young SPINET ing that the Church accepts it as the produce* word of the Lord, and ask why we—Brigham

send missionaries into all parts of the

Fit for Any world. The responsibility—and a

major one it is—falls squarely upon Room or Setting the membership of the Church, for

"... the voice of warning shall be

unto all people, by the mouths of my disciples, whom I have chosen in these last days."Then the Lord

adds, "... they shall go forth and

none shall stay them, for I the Lord 'Southern California, have commanded them."The revelathe Pacific Northwest, Colorado

tion further states that all these Parks, the National Parks, Boulder things he has given unto his discipleDam, and all the WesternWonder-... nothing but missionaries "... to publish unto lands are described and pictured

pianos since 1888... that's you, O inhabitants of the earth."in these free, colorful Greyhound

tfee story of the Lester After declaring that his voice is unto folders. Take your choice of

Pktno Mfg. Co.... and that's the ends of the earth, the Lord points expensepaid tours, or "goas-youfinest the when please"you buy why vacation travel with stopout that he, Lester the famous you buy overs anywhere. for You can go

Spinet. new Betsy R.os* The cost l/3 the of driving.

are models more postwar early.... knowing the calamity which should Plan vacation your

beautiful than ever! come upon the inhabitants of the earth, Send the coupon now!

Order Your called upon my servant Joseph Smith, Jun.,

this coupon Paste penny FREE! on a from heaven. unto him spake and Spinet Betsy Ross NOW! card mail and to Travel and

Dept.,2116 Tourpostal Leavenworth, Omaha,

Nobr., for Greyhound's Travel new Arranged, Convenient Terms

Literature. Plan and FREE in dispensations all other a means Toe As

to go I may NAME AddressDAYNES MUSIC CO. ofet, escape,is provided.revealedThenthroughthe Lorda prophem- (nam destination)

"... willing that phasizes he is..IE to Clty State Store Music A Complete

unto all things these known make t; v F H i. A: N: ft

Convenient Terms Arranged of he is "no respecter flesh"and that GR E YH OUND 4-6, 17, 34, 35.) (Verses 4547 So. Main St., Salt Lake City 1 persons."

Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES and (Concluded on page 400) UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INCORPORATED

JUNE 1947 399.

wwwvwwwvwwwwwA Major Responsibility A Letter From (Concluded from page 399) Brigham Young admonition he invitesAsa closing all his children to "search these (Concluded from page 363) trying the during and have Young'scommandments,"been which npvement Era early settlements of therevealed for the blessing of stormy days all mankind, because "... they are true and in Utah. It is reproduced in part,

faithful, and the prophecies and as it was written in 1858.

promises which are in them shall all

City, U.T. Octr 20th, 1858 G.SX. fulfilled."be heaven and Though Subscribers.. Esqr. Eldredge,

shallearth pass away, his "word not HoraceSt. LouisS.

pass away, but shall all be fulfilled, of gives The you ERA much. voice or mine.. whether by Brother: by own Dear the current best CHURCH

Liverreceived advices from have it is servants, ofthe voice the We my its covWithin LITERATURE.

St. that Louis our pool from which we learn

find 37, (Verses 38.)same."ers aumonth you each prosis liquidated, and a fair indebtedness

And so as Latterday Saints pect for additional assistance if you shall thoritative material written or everywhere, with personal testineed. We consider, therefore, that prospects spoken by our Church leaders.

expectation themonies of these great events, we acjustify that you will be able Has it occurred to you what bills. to fill all our

of theology,cept humbly, gratefully, this major priceless gems it deis exceedingly aware, are As you gosdown-toearth poetry andresponsibility placed upon admission into for gain your the sirable us to

Church. We are happy to be enthe Union, let all our friends put their faith pel you have in the yearby-

gaged in a partnership with our and efforts together so far as they can conyear volumes of this magaHeavenly Father in the great work sistently to promote this object. Encourage zine?

canto immigrate, if they and Brethrenof the salvation and exaltation of his the far Why not preserve them for through, not come up as come entirely your future reference andchildren. give Willingly of our we reyour contemplate as Florence and Genoa. We

edification? children's We urge with he which meanstime and the at settlement establishing our Deer Creek,

may bless us to the establishment and have written to Joseph E. Johnson to you to do so.

of his kingdom in the earth. This gather up a company and to come to this

we know is our first duty and our pointa paper.with.. his. Printing Press, and establish Single volumes (12 numbers) bound

great opportunity. This spirit has Our Brother Wm. Cook, late from Ausin durable, attractive, blue cloth

characterized the missionary work tralia where he had been on a mission, and binding, stamped in gold $2.25

of the Church of Christ in all ages. whose wife is a teacher of Music, Actress,

It has been an outstanding mark of Gc, was lately shot while in the discharge each, plus postage.

the ushering in of the Dispensation of his duty as a policeman, by a Camp folis believed to have lower made his Bring them in or mail them to us whoof the Fulness of Times—our time. of his Brother escape. wound Cook died

It has characterized the unselfish about a week after, and was buried yesterlabors of devoted members of the day the 19th inst. He was a very quiet, inNDW!

Church in wartorn Europe during offensive man and was killed without having the long war years. Wherever given the least provocation. How long must

citizens best shot to having our we submitfaithful Latterday Saints are to be is the civilizaimpunity? with This down

found, this spirit of unselfish sacrifice tion, the Christianity that our enemies would for the greatest cause in all the earth fasten upon us.... Jke <Jjederet it /<=evu5

exists. May God bless you and sustain you and

all Israel, help triumph over and them In a word, their enemies. all m6$ of thethe work I weLord—thededicate ourestablishall to brother friend as ever remain your and

ment and growth of his kingdom and in the gospel of Christ. 29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City

the spread of righteousness. This is Brigham Young

our major responsibility. We accept

gratefully the challenge and pray ever for the Lord's sustaining power as we go forward.

Your cleaning Award Winners (Concluded from page 377) tit winners with, "March On, O PARtner!Youth of Zion!"

Harry A. Dean of Ephraim, Utah,

was the other tie winner with "Song The Quality Soap for of Pioneers."This song was written

to be sung by a mixed chorus and PARticular Housewives also another arrangement was submitted for ladies'voices.

400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA /MZaaMm

Color. New color! In kitchen, dining room,

living room, bedroom! Stimulating, isn't it? Fuller created "Go'together"

FREE "knowhow"FOLDERS Wall Colors to help you paint new importance

Painting is easy—step by step. into your home—a new tempo for living.

Fuller shows you—step by step. "Go'together"colors—new color harmony! They're easy to apply.

! Do see them—for ideas. We've folders on walls, woodwork, Fast to dry. And—inexpensive

ceilings, floors, furniture—20 W. P. Fuller & Co.

folders in all. See how simple it is to

paint new color into any room. Get

one folder, or get all. All FREE!

See your Fuller Paint Dealer. For big painting jobs it is wise to call

in a reputable Painting Contractor.

..<#

THERE'S A FULLER PAINT 'gofa#etihe/'wall colors, DEALER NEAR YOU a?C * FULLCOAT—Soft, washable, nonreflective finish

-k FULLERGLO—Eggshell, semigloss,- resists steam, stain

k FULGLOSS—Porcelainlike luster,- long wearing they (as*...'V

JUNE 1947 401 HOLE IN THE ROCK {Continued from page 369) matters of love as he was in the way "I suppose it is because I am workHyrum Perkins set his thin lips in of his duty. ing against the grain, Silas. I've

a thinner line. "I'll turn back when Assured of his masculine attracbeen opposed to taking this unSilas Smith tells me to,"he said. tion, George sauntered over to the known, untested route from the first

"That for you too, Ben?"meeting. His eyes searched the night that Bishop Schow set foot in

"They ought to break their necks crowd, first along the line of girls Cedar City!"

in a badger hole!"Benjamin Perkins and boys, then among the older peo- "Maybe that is why you are not

cried. "Look, Hy, those good tools! ple, till they rested upon Benjamin succeeding as you usually do. You

Flung away like whalebones!"Perkins and his wife, Mary Ann. have to believe a thing can be done

Stanford Smith's hat was a tramBut Sarah was not to be seen. before you can do it, George."

pled wad under his feet. His eyes "Blast his hide! He's got her "It seems to me, Silas, that we

were striking wrath. "Varmints!"tending his children, I'll bet!"was should have done our own deciding.

he hissed. George's first thought, but then he If we had, we'd not be in the predicaShort, stockylegged, and bearddecided that it might not be so bad ment we are now!"

ed, the Perkins brothers leaned on after all. Where better to court a Silas made no answer. George

their shovel handles, too angry for girl than when she was alone, feelwatched the lines of discouragement further speech, Stanford retrieved ing abused because she was being deepen in his face and knew that the his hat, knocked the sand from it left out of things? report would have to be made. You

against his leg, and clamped it on his He turned, hoping to slip out of didn't let men like Silas Smith carry head. His two hundred pounds of the crowd unnoticed, but the words their burdens alone. He said: "Well

clean muscle and height trembled of two men next to him stopped him—what good would it do, Silas, for

with impotent anger. in his tracks. "I'll go back to Bull me to make a minority report? One

"Dack on the trail, Silas and George valley,"one said, and the other against ten bears little weight. What

talked together. answered, "I'll go back to Iron will the people think?"

I "Since when have you cared what "What happened, George?"Silas County where we started from.

asked. figured all the hull endurin'time that others think? Only a few hours ago

"Same old thing. Only we didn't this mission would fail!"you were asking me an almost identiget as far east as the first crew did."cal question."

Silas flicked his quirt at the toe of I intend to persevere as long as "I've cared since I discovered that his boot. "I expect to find half the I possess life. I'm not sure what I think, myself.

right have we to jeopardizecamp packed up and ready to start—Brigham Young What

back home, George. Those fool <t> the lives of a whole company of

people?"felt kicking like out trusting them George wonder what I ought to doscouts—I you first came back to- "When tailing high them of the crowd andabout them?"

"Since when have you been home on foot. He started to tell them night, George, you led me to think

squeamish about puttin'men in their so, when Silas Smith's voice, adthat we could get through."Silas

places, Silas?"dressing the company, yet seeming took off his hat and laid it in the

I led the exploring Silas studied the answer, and a to single out every man in it, cut in. sand. "You and

slow gleam brightened his eyes. "I'm "You have heard the majority recompany that went to 'hunt up'San

gettin'back to camp,"he called, galport. There is still the minority reJuan. Remember when I presented

loping off. "Take your time, George, port to be made. Tomorrow is the the three big wells we had dug to

but get in for the meeting. If any of Sabbath. At the rising of the sun, Peogament and his seven hundred

the road crew are left, I'll have them be here with open minds and honest renegade warriors? That was tough

in with me."hearts to hear that report. After going too, George. That route was

George had no stomach for a that, you are free to make your own no bed of feathers!"

Icamp service. For the first time in choice. Go now, and pray!""If I had my cartridge belt on,

his life he was confronted with fail- "I guess Silas is through pussywould put it in the circle by your hat, ure. Against ten, his word may as footin',"George chuckled. "I can as I did then, Silas. I've not said

well not be said! see right now that my date for tothat we can't get through this way,"

The meeting had begun when he night is not with Sarah Williams."George answered.

rode up to his camp. Bathing the Silas turned from the camp and "Then you'll make a minority re

sweat from his body in the small walked into the shadows. The port! You think we can get through?

basin of water he allowed himself, merest inclination of his head toward How?"

he put on a clean shirt and his best George, caused the scout to follow. George looked at the sky. "The

trousers. Sarah Williams would be A mile from camp they sat down stars are out, Silas. And listen! The

at the meeting. This time, Ben Perkcross-legged in the sand, each intent wind is coming from the east. You

ins would get no chance to whisper upon his own thoughts. can all but hear the river. We're up

in her ear! The fellow had nerve, "The old spirit of obedience seems against that river. God help us if

though. And he was levelheaded. to have gone out of this people,"we fail!"

The way he and his brother Hyrum Silas said, reluctantly breaking the Silas sighed deeply. "It is a

had stood their ground against the silence. "Out of you, too, George. mighty responsibility."

road crew engendered respect. Ben You refuse to give a report, though "Let the people decide, Silas. It's

might be as hard to dispose of in it is your bounden duty to do so."their right. Their lives are at stake."

402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hole in the Rock "Tell me all you know—all that You Can't ALWAYS Plan

you think lies ahead."

Without emotion, George talked. The FUTURE By the Past!

Hour after hour. The wind came

sweeping down the gullies, swishing Just because you haven't had a fire is no reason why you won't.

sand against their faces, making Don't judge the future by the past.

sibilant noises that deepened the Fire is a constant menace and may visit you any day.

Insure your property today and be protected against loss.

stillness around them. The stars Better get your policy while you can.

grew brighter, paled with the hours, and were gone. The river went itsundisturbed, relentless way. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

Heber J. Grant & Co., GENERAL AGENTS, Salt Lake City, Utah sisters—"1VFY brothers and

The coming of the sun and George Hobb's first words to the congregation were simultaneous.

"My friends,"he repeated, "if my words were as the sun, they wouldwarm the hearts within you, and my The Popular task would be easy. Never have I

stood in your midst to speak before.

choice, standing from hereI am not.. asked I have beennow. to make a Way

minority report. As a member of

this company, and of the Church to IRAOt MARK REO O.S. *l OFF IS

which we all belong, I have no choice but to do so, though it may seem to put me in an arbitrary light before you. Five days ago at this hour, I

stood thousands of feet above a broad stream—the San Juan River. Cost So LittleQuietly, and undisturbed, except by Electricity and Does So Much

the fluting of the wind, it went its way. Mountains have slid into its

path; granite ledges have stood in its LIGHT CO.way; the very earth, shaken by its UTAH POWER &

inner burnings, has risen in its course. But the river, pressing here,

to there, grinding sand allyielding failing in S2Sbarriers, finds its way, or, this, makes a path of its own and follows it. Today but little sign of

that struggle remains. The river kSad

banks are green; flowers, hued to the

rainbow and the sun, bloom and seed and bloom again along its shores;

turtles warm themselves along its banks. Its sands roll in and out,

white against its heavy depth. Some

call it a treacherous stream. I do not.

Its mission is to find the sea. It gets

there the best way it can. It may be

slowed in its course, even stopped for a little time, but it goes on. The

morning sun and the setting sun shines upon its course. It will go on

forever."George Hobbs paused, gathering strength from the eyes of those who listened to him. "My friends,"he

continued, "the Church of Jesus

Christ will go on forever, too. As a

humble member, sensing fully my ( Continued on page 406 JUNE 1947 403 HOW THE DESERT WAS TAMED (Continued from page 373) knew their Godgiven destiny. That

It was living faith in their cause formed and shaped their every act.

that acted as the cement to hold the They believed in God without people together under adverse conreservation, and knew in all their ditions. They knew that God lived. labor that they were doing the Lord's

Of that there was no doubt in their work. That gave life and color to

minds or hearts. They were certain their urgent toil; and made it pass

of the divinity of Jesus, the Christ. easily from their hands. Holding the

They were keenly aware of the realihand of the Almighty in all they did, ty of the unseen world, for out of it peace was with them, and success had come revelations to Joseph came to them.

Smith, the Prophet, and to his suc- A derivative of this faith increased cessor. They felt secure that in the their courage. They had been taught

TEA GARDEN also mokes SYRUP battle with the stubborn wilderness the meaning of life. Man lived with

JELLY MARMALADE GRAPE JUICE they would receive the necessary God before the earth was. Life on

heip from the unseen world, from earth was but a chapter of eternal,

God who dwelt there, for they were unending progression for those who only helping to build the kingdom lived God's law. The Lord desired

of God on earth. that all of his children might yield

In short, they had cast out doubt, obedience to his eternal laws so that the soulkilling enemy of man. They they all might progress towards surtrusted God; and believed in his love passing joy. That is the divine purand his power. Therefore, throughpose running through the years of

out the settlements, they kept close mankind's history. To his Church,

to their Maker. In their homes they the Lord had committed the task and

began the day with family prayer. authority of teaching his truth to all

Whatever the need might be, it was mankind, bringing them into the presented in their prayers. On the fold, and placing them on the way

Sabbath day they laid aside the to the joy of eternal advancement.

cares of the field and farm, and in It became then an obligation upon simple faith, worshiped the God in the pioneers, though in poverty and heaven. In houses dedicated to the in a faraway, barren part of the land,

all to Lord, discuss they dared matto spread truth earth over the *l and 'Is m smart!'my Mommy lives, in ters of their concern from establish help the kingdom of God 'Bout the time I got fed drinkup with irrigation the cleaning canal, of the men. among in helping were They ing so milk, much started making Mommy

yummy rennetcustards so I could eat part to preparation for life with God in the consummation of the divine purof it! They taste different every day."the next estate, God, they held, was pose for humankind. Their souls

The rennet enzyme in "Junket"Brand interested in all the affairs of their flamed into fire in the contemplation

Rennet Tablets makes rennetcustards lives. So the week and every followof this divine, worldmission.

easier even to digest than ordinary milk. ing the of certainty with day began it Brother Larsen terseexpressed Eating rennetcustards is just as the same favor. the Lord's presence and Man, ly. leaning drinking against the He was plowmilk because they aren't cooked

... that's why they're so easy to make. who in faith did all he could, had a handle. The freshly turned furrow

Baby loves them, and Daddy too! Why claim for help upon his Father in lay before him. "You see,"he said,

don't you try serving rennetcustards for heaven. That was their belief. "by this work I am building the

dessert today? kingdom of God. From the crop I Make rennetcustards with either HThe principles of action necessary shall raise in this field I shall win"Junket"Rennet Tablets—not sweetened

or flavored—add sugar and flavor to taste; to secure victory in the desert, enough beyond my daily needs to

or "Junket"Rennet Powder—in six popwere to them as laws of the God with help the Church at home to send a

ular flavors, already sweetened. Both at whom they held daily and weekly missionary abroad. That is what I

all grocers. Write "Junket"Foods, Brand faith, this converse. think of as I follow it became the With plow."God

Division of Chr. Hansen's Laboratory, Inc., soil, irrigate, their to till to the easy to cofellow and in the were menDept. 76, Little Falls, Y., for N. free to operate, to of be selfsustaining, minds the pioneers and as they turned ofsample "Junket"Rennet Tablets.

do the other homely things required to their tasks of conquest.

as the desert yielded before them. Their faith was in all they did. It

Their toil became the Lord's work, was all for the great purpose. So WORTH W AITING FOR

Peering Mix and with such help they were bound the Lord was manifest in the humble to win. JUMKET"the duties of day, as in the greater < Mix the of They were under a great commisaffairs community. Brigham BRAND Quitk Fud

Danish Dessert sion. The kingdom of God was to Young in speaking of Joseph Smith baarC

be built in the latter days. And, they raised the principle. "When I saw

that building were under to do Smith he took the Joseph heaven, figurais the'JUNKET"trademark of Chr. Hansen's

Laboratory, Inc., its for rennet other and food direction of heaven. a high it tively speaking, They had and brought down isproducts, registered and in S. the U. and Canada.

purpose in all that they did. They to earth; and he took the earth,

404 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How the Desert Was Tamed brought it up, and opened up in plainness and simplicity, the things of God."Visit The

So, before the desert was half UTAH ARTS & CRAFTS SHOWtamed, when manpower needed was to hold what was conquered, and to at the conquer new places, men were sent over the United States, to countries UTAH CENTENNIAL EXPOSITION far away, in Europe, Asia, and the islands of the sea. They left their Beginning June 2 and until July 12, the Salt

homes, wives, and families without Lake Tribune and Salt Lake Council of Women money. Many walked across the in connection with the Arts and Crafts Division

plains. But they had trust in God. of the Utah Centennial Commission, present the

They returned with increased vision entries in the Centennial Arts and Crafts Conof the work of salvation among men. test. These magnificent pieces of craftsmanThere was a light before their eyes, ship—needlework, leather, ceramics, metalwork

and a warmth in their hearts that and woodwork—will be shown in the Fine Arts

gave them courage and strength. Building of the Utah Centennial Exposition.

If anything just like it, in faith and

YOU ARE CORDIALLY INVITEDsacrifice for belief, by a whole peoTO VIEW THIS UNUSUAL DISPLAY.ple, has occurred in the world's history, it has not been recorded. One

must bow in respect and admiration before such men and women.

In such faith and works all the pioneers were united. Their common faith that they were building fake

the kingdom gave them power over rCS&.Jf "<**.the desert, and men. among

Such faith was the cement that united them at home to use the principles of conquest over surrounding difficulties. Wherever they might Let's get down to earth!have settled, whatever the conditions, such use of eternal methods,

through faith, would have led them Are you satisfied with the headway you are making to success. Without faith they would in weed control? If not, let us tell you what you

have failed. can do with

The hopes of men cannot be realized in any other way. Faith in Godand his works makes men strong and CARBON BISULPHIDE

brings peace to earth.

and a MACK ANTIWEED GUN Aaronic Priesthood You can kill and control Russian Knapweed, Morning Glory,

Johnson of Grass, other Spurge and a horde noxious deep- (Concluded from page 396) perennials with single application of a the chemical, 2. Just what indoor sports do others after failed have or applications young peowhenrooted many

ple enjoy? ments. Positively not harmful to livestock. treat-

3. Which of these are available to them If the patches run into acreage and are too large for hand in our ward?

4. What do in can we to our ward make treatment,whichaskis aboutcapableourof treatingmechanical3 to application5 acres per day.service

indoor more sports available to youth?

5. Who will be assigned to work out a Send for our free illustrated circular 212P describing

schedule and supervise activities? our methods of treatment.

WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER Truth is obeyed when it is loved.,D(vf$Joii of Stauffer Chemkal Company

Strict obedience to the truth will

SAN FRANliCO 8 alone enable people to dwell in the 636 CALIFORNIA STREET presence of the Almighty* Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches—Brigham YoungJUNE 1947 5

UAWAWWWYV%MJWy Hole in the Rock (Continued from page 403)3&l lAiah. obligations to you and to my God,

3-jcdtheAjL I say to you that as surely as the river flows, a road will find its way WRITERS'to San Juan. If we go on, time will (bay. generawounds, heal our and a new

If will CONFERENCE tion call us blessed. we go Books of enduring value

for-... gems of literary and University of Utah back—well—we will be scarred

spiritual worth that grow ever."

more precious as the July 7-18, 1947 Turning slowly, he walked away.

pass. years This move. There give did not audience year The

Sections in poetry, novel, short story,.. book. Dad a good of fretting the sound except and was no. nonfiction, criticism. including Lectures

and symposiums on the various kinds of the wind, never still in the vast writing; on translation; on marketing. reaches around them. Silas Smith It's easy to buy from Bookcraft

arose. With difficulty, from the fulLEADERS: ness of his soul, he began to speak. WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS

report other to be one "There is TATE ALLEN 1186BOOKCRAFTSouth Main Salt Lake City 4, Utah CAROLINE Collett, said, he GORDON made,""James

FILL OUT AND MAIL WWW"WALTERRAY B. WEST,VANTILBURGJR. CLARK what have you to say?"

BOOKCRAFT MARK SCHORER Young Collett stepped forward to 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City 4, Utah ERIC RUSSELL BENTLEY Captain Smith's side. He faced the Please the send books checked below: (Director) GHISELIN BREWSTER

light of fearlessly, the and audience the Young Colonizer |"1 D Brigham registrants $3.00 Early submit manuscripts may Hunter j at, laughed that been had a dream for preliminary reading. Material of exThumbnail of Sketch....$1.00 Mormonism

ceptional quality will be recommended Josephson said, this,"in his eyes. he "Only was to publishers. Assorted of Priceless Value....$2.50 Gems

To Whom It MayLundwallConcern $3.00 "if the rest of you had George

get M. O. Ashton you'd backbone, m'Hobbs'FEES:

Sunlight and i B Shadows $1.75 D Full membership $25; auditors (nonthrough!"Zobell writers) $20. Payment enclosed Q Send C.O.D. surprised a murmur of There was

For further information, Name address:

Address Brewster Ghiselin, Utah Writers'Conferadmiration, and before the moment ence, University of Utah, Salt Lake City I. could fade to one of indecision and

resentment at the challenge Collett had thrown, Stanford Smith was on his feet, shouting, "What else is there to do but go on! We've slid

Beautiful Spot withdownnoledgesthoughtand crossed canyons The Most grass is eaten up alongof returning.the way back.The

'... CHARLES DRISCOLL,N. Y. Columnist Wintermuch at isstakeuponto turnus. back.There I ismovetoo on Earth

that we leave the decision to President Silas S. Smith!"

Hi "Second that motion!"The shout

came from a dozen corners at once.

"Those in favor say 'Aye,'"cried

Silas Smith.

The "Aye"was a mighty'answer.

"Those opposed, 'No.'

M There was a small, shamefaced response.

T. "The ayes have it!"shouted the

throng.

Nattonallyfamous Silas stood with bowed head. The

* choice was heavy upon him. He

stmlite prayed earnestly and simply for welcomes you to gloriousummevenings of guidance; then lifting his head, he

(except DinnerDancing—nightly Sundays) answered his people, "I say- -go on months. during the Centennial summer

Musical luncheon Saturdays, and On to San Juan!"

m Sunday dinner service.

"Co this is Fifty Mile!"Arabella HOTEL UTAH Director stood in her wagon and looked Managaing GUY TOOMBES,

in all directions. "Good heavens,"

she exclaimed, "what are we going to do for wood?"

(Continued on page 412) 406 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WESTWARD WITH THE SAINTS

{Concluded from page 371) ing—They are going in order to congan to take a west course, passing

an ash tree containing the body of duct the soldier brethren to us at the along between the bluffs and the another Indian infant; this being place where we shall stop to hunt a river. We halted to bait at 25 minenveloped in a buffalo robe, rested week or 2, probably somewhere in utes past 1 p.m. having come 3 miles

on a piece of bark, lashed thereto, the vicinity of Sweet Water—Port-—At this place the grass was the

which was placed breadthwise on er, Thomas Brown, Joseph Mathews most luxuriant that we have seen two large boughs about midway of and John Brown crossed the river for a long time—here to our right,

the Higbee and others and went ahead on horseback to seek a short distance, the river winding tree—Johnhave been fishing today in the Lar- a good road—About 1 p.m. it comin a serpentine direction, glidesamie Fork—After drawing the menced raining very hard, accomgracefully by, while immediately to

seine a number of times, they caught panied by considerable hail, also our left are large crags & masses of 60 or 70 fish of different kinds viz., thunder and lightning. This detained rock, as it were, suspended over our

carp, catfish, salmon, suckers, etc. the operations at the ferry about one heads—On the sides of these are nuAbout noon the Twelve returned, hour, when the rain ceased, although merous cedar trees, as also plenty of

bringing the flat boat with them, a the weather yet has quite a threatenash trees growing in the vicinity number of the brethren towing it to ing appearance. Thomas Grover has We again started at 25 minutes to 3

the mouth of Laramie Fork, thence the superintendence of the ferrying p.m., traveling over a deep, rugged,

up the river opposite our encampof the 1st Division and John S. Higsandy road, we gradually ascended

bluffs, after going about 8 miles inment. We were obliged to pay $15 bee that of the 2nd Division—My the

for the use of it. Bro. William Claywagon and horses were ferried over near the same direction, we came to

ton, who has been over to the Fort, about sunset, being the last wagon a place where the road led down a informed me that he saw 30 or 40 Inin the 1 0, and the ferryage was suslong steep descent to the bottom bedians there—These are mostly conpended until morning, 1 7 wagons yet low, which, after reaching, and

nected by blood and marriage with remaining on the other side.... We proceeding 34 f a mile, we encampthe man who has principal charge of are formed in a circle on the banks ed in a circle at 34 past 5 p.m., havaffairs there, whose name is Boring come 834 miles today....

deaux. I also learned that from that Saturday the 5th. Rather cloudy

place can be seen snow on the Larthis morning, though tolerably warm for only heaven The you is that ofamie peak the Black Hills which intention to hereafter put is the—It

for yourselves. you make it is whichlie to the s. evening w.—This at the boards each up guide end of

tolerably cool. The time today has—Brighain Young ten miles we travel—At 20 minutes

been principally occupied by the past 8 a.m. we continued our journey;

brethren in washing, repairing of after traveling north of west over an wagons, etc. uneven, sandy bottom, about four

Thursday the 3rd. Somewhat of the river near the ruins of Ft. miles, we ascended a high bluff and

cloudy this morning with a strong Platte, in which most of the brethren went 34 a mile over a cragged, rocky wind from the n. e.—The brethren put their horses tonight—-Porter and road, when we again descended a

commenced ferrying at sunrise this those sent ahead returned this evesteep, narrow declivity.... Leav-

a.m. Bishning, having been some 8 or 10 miles ing the river we now began to pursuemorning. About Y2 Past 8

op Whipple, F. Pomeroy and myup the river, and reported the route a due west course through extensive

self went over the river and took a to be generally even and pracvalleys and narrow defiles, with view of Ft. John, as also of the ruins ticable.... lofty banks on either side, obscuring

of Ft. Platte, of which I shall give Friday the 4th. Pleasant and a number of sand beds.... Near a

a minute description hereafter. cool morning, owing to the rain last small rivulet, issuing from a spring

there conversedWhile and we saw by, running over a portion and last close in the west—The night—Windwith of three one had come men who time, of it at this halted to bait we over got the river this of the wagons

in last night from St. Joseph, Mo. morning, about 8 o'clock. The at 20 minutes to 12 m. having come

He told us that there were 2,000 Twelve, with a number of others 634 miles.... While here there were

wagons belonging to emigrants, bewent up to the Fort to bid adieu to 3 men came to us on mules—these

tween here and that place, on their the inhabitants and to pay for the belong to a band of emigrants who.

route to 14 of Oregon, 1 which would 1 vicinity are in the wagons, at with of the use returned boat—They travprobably they as be in today, different taken a nearer have and & past 20 minutes number 1 1 a.m.—Aeled in separate of companies the road than ourselves Fort from 100, of Indians the Fort and squaws from

50 & as few as 1 1 wagons in numpaid a visit to our camp this mornand consequently are ahead of us ber. Pratt took... Yesterday Professor at started to 2 P-m. 34 We again continued our journey at ing—We with the quadrantan observation After miles having again 7 come we traveled 12 n. and a northwest

and ascertained the river to be 108 course about 2J/ miles, and then bedescended a steep, sandy hill, atyards in width & Laramie Fork at the foot of which is a sand bed—this

Ft. John 46 yards wide, both streams we traveled over some distance

running with great rapidity. Amasa About 3 miles beyond this we came

Lyman, Roswell Stevens, Thomas When you promote God's interto the place where the emigrants

Wolsey and John H. Tibbitts [Tipests you promote your own* had encamped for the night

pets] started for Pueblo this morn-—Brigham Young ( To be concluded)

JUNE 1947 407 Wyoming

{Continued from page 375) the North Platte crossing on the western edge of the present city of

Casper, Wyoming. In June 1847,

President Brigham Young and his company reached the North Platte

GOING TO portablecrossing. craft,They calledhad withthe Revenuethem a

Cutter. By the use of this boat they

were able to get their equipment across the swollen stream; President San Francisco?

Young was quick to see the value of a ferry at this point. Men were sent

If you're going to San Francisco for business or pleasure, we suggest into the nearby hills for timber, and you try Southern Pacific. We have convenient train service on the a sturdy raft was made and put into

direct Overland Route—across Great Salt Lake, through Reno, over operation. Nine men of the original

the High Sierra (short side trip to Lake Tahoe, if you wish)—to company were left at the crossing to

Sacramento, Oakland and San Francisco. operate the ferry. Thus came into

Southern Pacific trains to San Francisco offer all types of accomexistence Mormon Ferry. It was in

modations, including low fare reclining chair cars and coaches, operation several years until toll economical "tourist"sleeping cars, and luxurious standard Pullmans. bridges were built. At this crossing

in October 1856, the delayed Martin

Handcart Company forded the cold waters of the North Platte where a chilling wind and heavy snow overtook them and exacted its first heavy toll of life from among these heroic handcart people.

As the wagon trains made their

GOING TO wayother towardriver, thecentralSweetwater,Wyoming,figuredanprominently in pioneer diaries. On

the north bank of this stream, in central Wyoming, a huge granite rock Los Angeles? rises above the plain. The old Oregon Trail wound its way close to the

SEE SAN FRANCISCO, TOO base of this landmark. How Independence Rock acquired its name

When you go to Southern California on Southern Pacific, you see San is not definitely known, but the credit

Francisco and many other interesting California places. Here's a is given to a patriotic band of trapsample Southern Pacific ticket: to San Francisco on one of our Overpers led by William H. Ashley, who

land Route trains. See the fascinating city by the Golden Gate. Then camped here on their nation's natal

go to Los Angeles on one of our famous streamlined Daylights—via day in the early 1 820's. This monuthe Coast Line through Santa Barbara and 100 miles along the Pacific ment, through the years, acquired

Ocean's edge, with short side trip to Monterey Peninsula; or the San a fame peculiar to itself. On its hard

Joaquin Valley Line with side trips to Yosemite and the Big Trees. surface were carved hundreds of

From Los Angeles you can return via San Francisco or direct line. names. Passersby read these as

(Trip via San Francisco costs only slightly more than via direct line.) eagerly as they would have read a

letter from home. Father De Smet

it the Registry of the "Great How to see the whole Pacific Coast! calleddesert."referred to it as the Others

Southern Pacific is the only railroad with lines up and down the Pacific emigrant's post office. Independence

Coast. Let us show you how you can see this scenic wonderland on Rock was held vivid in the memory

your next trip to Los Angeles, San Francisco or Portland. of the pioneers.

TICKET OFFICE, 14 SO. MAIN STREET: You can buy rail and PullTn 1930 Independence Rock was

man tickets and get travel information at our convenient ticket office. formally dedicated as a monument

Telephone 3-2601 or write O. V. Gibson, General Agent, Southern to our western pioneers. Today perPacific, 14 South Main Street, Salt Lake City 1. haps no other historic shrine in Wyoming bears so many bronze

plaques, commemorating the westThe friendly ward movement of our pioneers as does this privately owned landmark.

Southern Pacific Six miles to the west of Independ408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WYOMING ence Rock is an unusual aperture of blasts. Here rescue parties sent out famous mountain scout. The Mornature called Devil's Gate, a rift from Salt Lake City found them. mon leader was eager to avail himin a granite ridge some four hundred Over famous old South Pass went self of any information Mr. Bridger

feet deep through which flows the the westward migration. So gentle might give regarding the Salt Lake

Sweetwater. Nearby to the south and gradual was the ascent over valley. Here the two parties camped

ran the emigrant's trail. It was in the this pass that the traveler scarcely for the night, and a conference was

vicinity of Devil's Gate that tragedy knew when he had crossed the Conheld.

the overtook Martin Handcart Comroute Divide. tinental over En at the Fort stood Laramie had As difficulty greatest the pany. With route range. River over En Wind trek the eastern of gateway their people these had made way a small the stream highway was

fort through so another Wyoming, this point. to Ferry from Mormon called Willie Creek. Rock The

its in rise to have southwestern was farther. could they go In a noHere been which had Handcart Company, the crossat stand and Wyoming refuge sought they nearby cove in of the Martin advance Company trails. of the Fort Bridger roads was the wintry from snows and deep weeks, about had been two by in established Bridger, 1843 by Jim

the severe storm. caught in same the of one bestknown mounWest's

their in of 1IE1IIC1IIIII1IIIIIIE31IIIIIIIIIIIE3IIII1IIIIIIIE3I1IIIIIIIII1E Thirteen perished number tain scouts. It was situated and men

one night. on Black's Fork, a tributary of the

As the western slopes of South Green River, and on one of the most

Pass level into the valley of the available routes for the tide of overClTllIiL Green River one finds many landland travel from the Missouri River marksSprings—athat famousdot thisoldarea.campPacificsite; to Fortthe PacificBridgerCoast.came into existence

Simpson's Hollow where wagon as the second permanent settlement t trains of Colonel Johnston's Army in what is now Wyoming. Situated

were burned; sites of the crossing of as it was, the fort served a large porValuable educational opportunities, the Little and Big Sandy rivers and tion of the Oregon emigrants as well

an unequalled cultural program, others. In this area President Brigas those going to California and to

and accessibility to other celebraham Young first met Jim Bridger, the Great Salt Lake valley.

tion centers make the B.Y.U. SumThe Latterday Saints purchased

mer Quarter the ideal place to enthe old trading post in 1853, and in joy Utah's Centennial. November of the same year they

located a settlement called Fort SupSYMPOSIUM ON WESTERN ply about twelve miles southwest of

HISTORY Fort Bridger. These two forts were

INSTITUTE OF FAMILY important Mormon outposts of that

RELATIONS early period of colonization. At Fort

Supply irrigation was first introRADIO EDUCATION INSTITUTE duced into Wyoming. With the adBAND & ORCHESTRA CLINIC vent of Johnston's Army in the fall

of 1857, these two forts were deserted and burned. Colonel Johnston

took in possession of Fort Bridger FESTIVAL MUSICANNUAL of the States United and the name free to all 20 concerts) {Students admitted

LOS ANGELES PHILHARMONIC remaineddeclared itina possessionmilitary reservation.of the govIt

(8 concerts) Ornamented with Brighjm Young Medallion. Copper -Spurt ernment until 1 890 when ownership

ROTH QUARTET finish. Letters 18471947 Zt UTAH embossed on solid copper. passed into private hands. In June

bag of (5 concerts) Miniature Silt Salt from Great Lake attached to each let. 1933, ceremonies took place dedi-

'(lightly let per Price $2.00 higher areai). tome

Recitals by Carl Fuerstner, // Not Available at Storet in Your Locality Use Coupon Below. cating Fort Bridger as a Wyoming

Carlos Alexander, and historical landmark and museum.

Frances Watkins g5 za Within the area of the famous old 7///S CO(/POM fort are many interesting historic

Please send sets of Utah Centennial Salt sites. and Peppers TERMS: is a section them Chief among TWO

I inclose set) $2.00 per $ -OR- g send of wall a cobblestone erected 9 to in I July 18 forC.O.D.which June which by the case to pay the regular ogr postman

July 21 to August 23 price plus a few cents (Pleasepostage,Print Plain ly) Latterday Saints in the fall of 1855.

This is being carefully preserved.

For Information Write to the Address The stables used by the Pony ExStat* Dean of the Summer Session ay press are among the best preserved (Wo pay mailing tbargos when your order It accompanied by entire the cerftfiod check or Money Order.; along route. Close by BRIGHAM YOUNG stands the old warehouse and mess

UNIVERSITY hall erected by the post trader in MFG.& SALES PROVO, UTAH INLAND CO*? 1858. One of the most interesting A0.B6X2Q7 OGAK.UTAH

imiiEiiiiiiiiiiiiiEaiiiiiiimiiEiHiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiniiE (Concluded on page 413)

JUNE 1947 409

ERA CENTENNIAL CAMPAIGN SETS NEW RECORD

(Continued from page 365) It includes stakes or missions reachproximately 10,000 more subscripleaders in the Camp of Israel of 1 847. ing or exceeding a thousand subtions than were received in the last

The titles listed in the foregoing inscriptions. Four missions and three campaign.

dicate the efficient organization of stakes were awarded places in this the group that pioneered the western exclusive company. They are: 'T'he campaign in the missions exareas in 1847 in search of religious Southern States Mission, Long celled that of the stakes. Never

liberty. Beach Stake, Northwestern States before has there been such enthusiastic cooperation. support and The Mission, Stake, Maricopa Texasorth States Central Mission value of missionary great ImThe Louisiana Mission, South Los An-N< with headquarters at Minneaits of wealth provement and Era geles Stake, States and Northern

polis the real sprang surprise of the fully inspiration truth have been and Mission.

entire campaign. Not considered to recognized, and leaders and workers

be a serious contender for the honor 'T'he "Hall of Fame"furnished in the mission field have taken excelof leading "Zion's Camp"as its some big surprises. It also lent advantage of the help being ofpresident, this mission by an excelproved that where wards or fered them through what President

lent record in percent of quota, repbranches are well organized and Heber }. Grant has said is "the

resenting an exceptional achievewhere the leaders are actually and greatest missionary in the Church."

ment, won first honors, and for the wholly converted to the merits of this Final standings of the missions in centennial year is president of important Church magazine and its total subscriptions and percent of "Zion's Camp."The fifteen mismissionary value to the Church, the quota are listed herewith:sions next in order, with the Southgoal of all Eta campaigns—"The Total subscriptions: 1. Southern

ern States Mission, leader of the Era in Every Home"—is attainable, States, 2,684; 2. TexasLouisiana,

entire Church in total subscriptions with fiftytwo wards and branches 1,443; 3. Northern States, 1,310; 4.

as first counselor, and Texaswith populations ranging from a Northwestern States, 1,300; 5. East

Louisiana Mission, a contender for few families to more than seven hunCentral States, 740; 6. North Centop honors from the start, as second dred members attaining this goal. tral States, 716; 7. Eastern States,

counselor, occupy positions corresThe possibilities demonstrated in 708; 8. California, 692; 9. Western

ponding to those of the officers of this campaign indicate the feasibility States, 672; 10. Northern Califor-

"Zion's Camp"of 1834. The official of gaining membership in the "Hall nia, 629; 11. Central States, 521; 12.

roster of the 1947 "Zion's Camp"is of Fame"now that "The Era in Hawaiian, 241; 13. New England,

as follows: president, North CenEvery Home"has been demon- ( Concluded on page 411)

tral States; first counselor, Southern strated as a reality rather than mereStates; second counselor, Texasly a slogan.

Louisiana; captain of the camp, Entitled to honorable mention in

Northern States; captain 1st twelve, this campaign are the ten leading

Eastern States; captain 2nd twelve, stakes in total subscriptions and the

Northwestern States; captain 3rd ten leaders in percent of quota

twelve, Central Pacific; captain 4th Leaders in total subscriptions: 1.

twelve, East Central States; captain South Los Angeles, 1,768; 2. Long

5th twelve, Western Canadian; capBeach, 1,679; 3. Maricopa, 1,241;

tain 6th twelve, California; captain 4. Los Angeles, 980; 5. Weber, 907;

7th twelve, Western States; captain 6. Ogden, 892; 7. Blackfoot, 864; 8. Meet your local

8th twelve, Northern California; Cache, 794; 9. San Fernando, 789;

captain twelve, 9th Canadian; cap10. 788. Ben Lomond, KOLOB Insurancetain 10th twelve, States; Central Leaders in percent of quota: 1.

captain 11th twelve, New England; South Los Angeles, 410%; 2. Long Agent...

captain 12th twelve, Hawaiian. Beach, 380%; 3. Union, 285%; 4.

By way of further explanation, Chicago, 258%; 5. Los Angeles, Throughout four mountain states

"Zion's Camp"was organized by the 254%; 6. Phoenix, 245%; 7. MarithefriendlyKOLOBand sealcompetantis the insurancesign of

Prophet Joseph Smith in 1 834 when copa, 235%; 8. Minidoka, 234%; service. One of our more than 300

of is fellow townsman aa of early the converts group and 9. San Bernardino, 232%; 10. Idaho agents

.. his acquaintance yours makeleading of the organized Falls, Church men 231%. of interest wise insurthe today in.

a march from Kirtland, Ohio, to Only six stakes failed to reach the ance planning and protection that

Missouri to go to the rescue of their quotas assigned to them. Of these really pays.

brethren who were being persecuted one had 95% and the others exFIRE—THEFT—AUTOMOBILE

by mobs and driven from their ceeded 83%. Such wholehearted CONTRACT BONDS—MARINE

homes. Many of the later leaders of and generous cooperation calls for

the Church were in "Zion's Camp"the highest commendation. With

where Brigham Young and others one hundred seventy stakes and mishad their first experience and trainsions "over the top"in their quotas ing in organizing and directing large all who have participated in the camtraveling groups. paign in any way deserve congratu-

A third honor group in the camlations for a magnificent achieve330 Judge Bldg. Phone 4-8451

paign is the Advance Scouts Club. ment. The campaign ended with ap410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.

Era Campaign

Sefs New Record 177; 14. Canadian, 149; 15. Western

Canadian, 144; 16. Central Pacific,

Percent of quota: 1. North Central

States, 440%; 2. TexasLouisiana,

367%; 3. Eastern States, 352%;

4. Southern States, 308%; 5. Northern States, 287%; 6. Central Pacific,

257%; 7. Western Canadian, 248%;

8. California, 201%; 9. Western

States, 187%; 10. Canadian, 177%;

; 1 2. North- 1 1. New England, 1 71 %

ern California, 143%; 13. Northwestern States, 142%; 14. Central

States, 117%; 15. Hawaiian, 103%;

16. East Central States, 95%.

The smaller groups of the Church, the wards and branches, are not forgotten in passing around the honors in this outstanding campaign. Centennial citations for "outstanding

service and effective missionary effort"will be awarded at June conference to Pendleton Ward of

Union Stake and Park View Ward of Long Beach Stake for highest percent of quota and to Eden Ward of Minidoka Stake and Walnut Park

Ward of South Los Angeles Stake.

In the mission branches Jacksonville Branch of Southern States Mission and Durham Branch of East

Central States Mission were citation winners in total subscriptions, and

Blythe Branch of California Mission and Batavia Branch of Eastern States Mission leaders in percent of quota. They also will receive centennial citations.

Honor for highest record in percent of quota went to Batavia

Branch of Eastern States Mission in the Cumorah District with 1 750%

Ottumwa Branch of Northern States

Mission was second with 1500%.

Highest total subscriptions for either stakes or missions was the figure set by Southern States Mission which finished fourth in percent of quota among the missions. Southern States traditionally has been the

leader of the Church in Era campaigns with South Los Angeles leading all the stakes.

The pioneer centennial campaign with its "Zion's Camp"plan for missions and the Camp of Israel plan for stakes will go down in history as the campaign that carried The Improvement Era into more homes than at any other time in its nearly fifty years of service to the Church.

JUNE 1947 411 Stay 15% Cooler in Summer Underneath Hole in the Rock (Continued from page 406) "And water!"Mary cried from

her wagon, a few rods from AraPABCOALUMI-SHSHD bella's.

High Reflectivity Plus Special LongWear Features! "And feed!"Stanford mimicked

their tones, his voice high with con- s- "is?:;#&?'?'?&% sternation.

"You can make fun, all you want,

Stanford,"Arabella told him. "Last

night I was too tired when we pulled in here to care what anything looked like. But now—Why, there's not a thing here but—but—space!"

"It's simply awful,"Mary agreed.

"And you know it, Stanford Smith!

I'm going back to bed and stay there till ive get to the river!"

Stanford picked up his shoes from under the wagon seat and began looking for his hat. He found it and

started to jump to the ground, when the condition of the hat arrested him.

"Tarnation, Arabella!"he cried, "I

must'a used my hat for a pillow!"He

tried to pull his Stetson into shape, brushed it against his leg, tried it on his head, and took it off again.

For old roofs and sidewalls... "Hang the thing up with your bonuse Pabco AlumiShield Coating. Does all net next time, will you?"

the work of fine -quality, asbestosreinforced asphalt coating... "I get real vexed at you about that

and adds the extra insulation and summercoolness of a soft, indignant.hat, Stanford.""If youArabellakeep on,stillI don'twas

silvery, highlyreflective, no -glare aluminum surface. Easy to know what I'll do. It's come to look

apply with brush or spray! just like you. If it's all battered up',

you've been madder than a maverick bull. If you forget to hang it up, I

know you are dogtired or else plain discouraged. If it is in any kind of a

fair shape I know you are goodnatured—and that's not often!

That's no way to treat a headpiece!"

She stopped for breath. Stanford,

more amused than abused, was looking at Arabella keenly.

"Maybe if you'd fume a little less, you might get called to—to go scouting—or something!"she finished,

out of breath.

Stanford leaped to the ground, and stood looking up at Arabella as she hooked her basque, but she

For new TOOffs... use Pabco AlumiShield wouldn't look at him. "Mary been

bragging, Belle?"he asked, lowering

Roll Roofing and Shingles! All the durability his voice confidentially.

of finequality asphalt roofing plus the added "Who said anything about Mary?

protection and high reflectivity of a soft, silvery, Or anyone else!"Arabella looked

noglare aluminum surface. warningly over at Mary's wagon.

"I'm only saying what might help

Your Pabco Dealer is listed in the you. Don't you think I've seen how

Phone Book Classified Section! things are eating at your disposition?

leaders The THE PARAFFINE INC. COMPANIES to think you are SAN FRANCISCO 19, CALIFORNIA of a—a—midwife.this company seemOn

call day or night!"

412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hole in the Rock WYOMING Stanford roared with laughter. {Concluded from page 409) hour glass have run their course, the

"Darned if you aren't stickin'up for buildings is the first schoolhouse spots our Mormon pioneers made me, Belle!"He gave an agile spring, erected in Wyoming. A fine museum famous in their westward trek are

and, landing in the wagon beside stands apart from these buildings taking on a new significance to all

Arabella, kissed her quickly. Then and contains many valuable pioneer of us. By superb faith, toil, and sache jumped down and was gone, racrelics, chief among them a flag with rifice, these pioneers made possible

ing over the flat to inspect the Fifty twenty stars. It is interesting to note a modern Zion, whose roots have

Mile Spring. that the Wyoming legislature of sunk deeply into the soil of the

Arabella's eyes were so blurred 1947 has made available a fund of Rocky Mountain area. This good

with tears that she saw only his blue $30,000 to restore and maintain this tree Zion has spread its branches to shirt, like a piece of sky, bobbing landmark. the uttermost parts of the earth and

along the landscape. Today as the sands of the century has yielded abundantly of its fruit.

Cilas Smith and his two counselors, dismayed at the barrenness around them, paced up and down near the spring, talking in earnest tones. s great new motor oil... "This is not an adequate camp Now, Utah Oil Refining Co.

site,"Silas was saying. The water

in the spring sinks before it gets to the surface. It's alkali at that! Forty

left half thethis—it'sMile Springwellwasthatbadwweenough! But

company back at Forty Mile camp!"

"Everything has been getting progressively worse since I joined you."

Piatt Lyman looked at Silas and smiled engagingly. "Do you suppose I brought a jinx, or is it just

that we are getting nearer to the Which cleans engines and keeps em clean... it actually

Hole in the Rock and the Colorado, where formidable country is to be expected?"Silas smiled. "You brought us a

fund of faith and good humor, Brother Lyman. I'm grateful for

your presence. I get too serious at

times. That right, Brother Nielson?"

"Ya. You have enough to be serious over, what with all the new

companies that have come in. What

we do with them?"Jens Nielson and, by keeping moving engine parts free, it also

pointed to a small group of wagons, just coming into sight.

Silas scratched his head. "Here

comes our road foreman. We'll ask

him."Stanford came up to the three men. "This is a dreary prospect for

newcomers,"he said. "There isn't

a stick of fuel within miles of here.

I suggest we get the boys out with their saddle ponies and let them lasit in in drag bunshadscaleso and ICOOIL this fardles. as as MOTOR country I rode

river, yesterday,the just anywhere."nothing and there is rFEP88,GASOLINE

"That's a practical suggestion about the boys. It will keep them

out of mischief, as well. But this comChange to Permalube for premiumplus lubrication

pany that's coming in, what shall we do with them?"

(Continued on page 414) JUNE 1947 413

. l, NoLiquor-TobaccoHole in the Rock /? i D f

{Continued from page 413) (Concluded [mm page 395) letters to write beverages tise alcoholic to camp glad enough be "They'll publishers is becoming the to of protest Piatt Smith,"Lyman Presidenthere, all that suggests column popular. This

his rare ThedramaPromiseddepictingValley,the Mormona music bringing againsuggested, this join movement. its readers

personality to lighten the strain. hegira into forbidding desert Oklahoma, by legislative vote, de-

"After what your train left on the fastness in search of religious freefeated an attempt to call an election for way for us, and after the little we dom... a popular vote on prohibition repeal.

left them, they'll be thinking this is "One Hundred Years of AmeriYet in Kansas the legislature voted to a provident camp site!"can Painting,"a collection of priceresubmit to a popular referendum in

Silas laughed outright. Stanford less pictures loaned for exhibit by 1948 the prohibition provision of the

drys and constitution. Wets state candor, a the herethought, Whitney man of was and Metropolitan the

in interest keen will a take everywhere liked the himself. he tolike Utah of whom York One Museums New legislature contest. This same this

... agreed Nielsonimmensely. Jens Commission Centennial enforcerelaxed for wet hopes dashed

cheerfully. "Ya, Brudder Lyman. A series of five Sunday evening ment by passing a bill making the posDot is so!"concerts given by the Tabernacle session of a federal retail liquordealer

But Silas was again sunk in choir with guest artists of national tax receipt a prima facie evidence of offithought. "How soon can you have renown... law violation, thus affording local

spotting of in the means important Rock cials to the Hole anthe road will climax Utah's events These it connection, this In bootleggers. asked. he us, Stanford?"forready celebration. PromThe centennial Kansas, that forgotten not be should work. There to slow "It's going be from will presented be Valley ised in faith its reaffirmed state, dry a long solid sandbut nothing of miles are 10. Hundred 21 to "One August at the majority big a prohibition by that, miles of July in between rock, and will be Painting"of American 1934. Years in polls

chisel can rock sand. solid we The is 31. receiving 1 to problem alcohol now July from July exhibited The

footing. There's no to give chipand as scientists attention from Tabernacle much evening Sunday The to make or wood, brush without isway, people. It other well as from many on be presented concerts will choir

a footing in sand."Stanford swept the nights of June 22, July 6, 13, 20, currently recognized as a very grave

country. "See?"the It would, howdifficult over his problem. arm out and 27. but

I if human of solution I didn't see. But ever, be simple wish "Yes.

we've got to get on."Silas looked Produced at a cost of over $120,- nature and the devil would permit it.

up. "I'm afraid of a storm. Look at 000, The Promised Valley will inIn fact this problem would entirely disif no one would drink any kind those clouds.... How much food is volve the building of permanent appear

this simple stage But beverage. alcoholic facilities of a $20,000 and seating Nielson?"Brother in camp, there

will not problem the solving of University the of of way in the end north comfort, for "It's getting too low is until Satan perhaps place take centennial a to form stadium Utah not I think I have Smith. Brudder drunkenness there any be Will bound. on scenery Special amphitheater. about enough people the varned us hope Let the millennium? during lighting spectacular with levels four

dot!"not. effects will create the atmosphere of decision. a quick Silas made syssound history. A stereophonic he the camp,"we'll divide "Again the Radio to that used in similar tem,

as he spoke. figuring the said, way York, will City Music Hall, New

crack; the on to part will go "One by unsurpassed acoustics provide

the other will stay here. We will any outdoor theater in America.

conserve the grass and fuel and water by spreading out. I'll divide

us into companies... ten companies.

Over the first, you, Brother Lyman,

Nielson, George Brother second the r Anniversaries, J Weddings, is a A Bible Z. B. Perkins, Benjamin Sevy, all call for Birthdays—

....."Lifetime Decker. Purchase cake! wonderful Make

heart Stanford's He paused. Choose it Carefully f cakesite recipesby youror Maryown favorMills'him looking at Silas was quickened.

speculatively. "No. No, I can't take NATIONAL BIBLES Ol Speed Cake recipes with

you off the road, Stanford. No one are QUALITY MADE InBP| Fisher's Cake Flour. else would be so apt to get it done. in the AUTHORIZED

... Samuel Bryson... a chaplain for King James Version only

each, etc...."his voice sank into

his chest, and without waiting for SINCE comment, he walked off to make 1863 other appointments. "Organize at

once!"His voice trailed back with

earnest urgency. "Brother Lyman,

will meet Nielson, Brother we at Hational bibles other."to the to report each noon, AT YOUR BOOKSTORE

( To be continued 414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cook's Corner IIIIIOIIIIIIIIIIIElllllllllllllESIIIIIIIIIIIOIIIiimillC (Concluded from page 393) IIV USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS

Angel Food Cake Aids in treatment ol Canker, simple sore throat and other minor mouth \Yl cups sugar and throat irritations.

1 cup sifted cake flour Yx teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon cream of tartar HALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah \Yz cups egg whites 3ii(uiiiiiiiniiiE!i]]iiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiciiiiifiiiiiii[3Hiiii

extract teaspoon almond 34 vanilla teaspoon 34 l l|| | ||IMI | | | l", i*Hr

Sift sugar and flour together four times.

Add salt to egg whites and beat until frothy. Add cream of tartar and flavoring,

and continue beating until whites will stand in peaks. (They should not be dry.)

sifted little ingredients dry Add a at a time. k budfl*;*

lifting fold Gently up, a cutting down, in by deaning and folding over motion. The folding continues only until ingredients are blended. PENNIES'

Angel food batter is beautifully light and fluffy with a satiny white sheen.

Pour batter into ungreased angel food pan and bake in slow oven. Begin at 275

F., after twenty minutes increase to 325 F.

Bake one hour. Remove from oven. Invert until cold before removing from pan.

Dixie Fruit Salad

Yi cup pears Y2 cup apricots Yi cup preserved figs Yi cup maraschino cherries Yi cup shredded pineapple 34 cup shredded almonds 1 cup mayonnaise 1 cup whipping cream

Drain fruit, cut in small pieces. Whip

cream and blend with mayonnaise. Combine all ingredients and pour into molds.

Freeze in refrigerator. Unmold and serve

on lettuce. "Lightens Housework thru Chemistry"

GLthsL L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

SUMMER SESSION - - - June, July, August

Preferred registration dates: June 2 and 9

Regular courses in all business subjects. Classes for

beginners as well as for advanced students.

Note TANG GIVES FLAVOR AND ZEST TO SALADS, SEAFOODS: A class in machine shorthand starts June 9. No other

AND SANDWICHES TTTT class in this subject is scheduled until September.

For information about courses, fees, employment, service, etc.,

write to: L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

70 North Main St. Salt Lake City 1, Utah

JUNE 1947 415 ADDRESSES OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES Rules for "Old Glory"

1 104 24th St, Cor. 24th & "C,"San Diego, Calif.

St., Oakland, Calif. Alice 1836

St., Marysville, 615 "F"Calif. Withing themoredisplayimportantof thedaily,flag becomand as

1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H. June 14 is Flag Day, we reprint these

rules recently adopted by the judiciary committee of the House of Representatives.

Los Angeles, California Dear Editors:

wish to express appreciation for the April issue of your

I magazine of which I received a contributor's copy. My

mother was born and grew up in Nauvoo, Illinois, and her The flag should never be displayed with the union down, save father was mayor of that little town. His name was Noel as a signal of dire distress.

in great interest a had always has mother Datin. My the The flag should not be dipped to any person or thing. both course) of and we down to me (which came Mormon

enjoyed the magazine with the idealistic face of Joseph Smith. The flag should never be used for advertising purposes in any

tell the it was could before, but likeness his seen not whatsoever. had manner We

revelations easily receive might soul illuminated of who an face never of any sort, as drapery be used never flag should The aside issue in the us interest to of much There was from God. allowed always folds, but in up, nor back, festooned, drawn Andersen's journals, and Andrew the as such poem, from my

fall free. to for manuscript in credit I book etc. giving you my poem, am

the poem you gave me permission to use. The flag should be hoisted briskly and lowered ceremoniously.

Sincerely, The flag should not be displayed on days when the weather

Alice Josephine Wyatt is inclement.

No other flag or pennant should be placed above or, if on the

United States. the flag of the right of level, with the

against a or vertically horizontally either displayed sameWhen wall, the union should be uppermost and to the flag's

Mesquite, Nevada own right; that is, to the observer's left.

Dear Editors: --

took up my Improvement Era and read on page 234 of the

I April issue the topic "Security."Why were you inspired Plenty of Perfume

perhaps a few months ago when making up your copy for this month to choose this particular subject which helped me as "What kind of soap do you want, my boy?"

nothing could have? "Just any kind that's got lots of smell in it, so Ma won't

I wish to express my sincere thanks for the remarkable benefit make me wash all over again."

of its teaching. I can assure you my spiritual values are

deepened and my faith strengthened. Sound Reasoning

Sincerely your sister, Mrs. Muriel Goodnight The thing that keeps a lot of men broke is not the wolf at

Mesquite Ward Era Director the door, but the silver fox in the closet.

OAHU STAKE LEADERS AND WARD OFFICERS OF TONAKILA M.I.A. OF 19461947

416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

+mmim

* 3 Wit Safeway's Farm Reporter keeps tTOTTI:omacL ersta onmakeow workarm neighbors farm easier,ing costs,cutimproveoperatcrop quality. Safeway reports (not necessarily endorses) his findings because we Safeway

people know that exchanging good ideas helps everybody, including us. More than a Streamcmed fifty w Stack

is a combination third of our customers are faim folks. &ACED IfAY This

loaderstacker for handling baled hay which is used successfully by E. D. Dinsmore and his wife near El

.. Plants.. Centro, in California's Imperial Valley. The SiBDt Makes Bed.

($ "P/M-P0{tfr"fRT/UZR twocan stackof them,100 withbalesMrs.per hourDinsmorewith driving,average

half mile haul. Special feature is truck body

which can be lowered to ground (as shown ttKTHIlt* eox here) for unloading bales. After load is

backed into position truck body is removed from under bales, leaving bales as section of steotox main stack. Truck body is then elevated to

wheelmounted position and is ready to take aboard and transport another load.

SHAPt* fO*M$ SCIO BID IN G&OOVID WNL MSS$ PlflVifilZtD SOft oowt stt>. coveas tr

/#,y foe* S/iFEW/iy Customers This combination distributor, assembled by 1/ke /s &Sf/-/itVDCarry the University of Arizona Experiment

Station, does 2 jobs in a single trip across It costs a grocer; (

field behind tractor. As illustrated here, units more to run his busare raised on one side (as when turning at iness when he main- ""-

end of field), and lowered on other side tains charge accounts J (working position). Called a "lettuce sled"for his customers

with fertilizer attachment, it can be used for and delivers purother bed crops, like carrots. This machine chases to homes in

saves up to 50% on fertilizer, and boosts his own truck. To "make back"such extra

production, by "pinpoint"placement of expenses a grocer needs to sell at higher fertilizer in a line close to the seed... instead retail prices.

of scattering it over the entire bed. The Safeway cashand-carry idea saves

delivery costs and extra bookkeeping. Customersit—andpaydo fortheirwhatownthey"delivering."buy when Sotheyat buythe

as along the way from producer This simple idea seen on a store—just Utah farm keeps poultry to consumer—efficient distribution helps

from roosting on top of Safeway keep down costs. This benefits farm

feed trough and dropping families both as producers and consumers.

manure into it. Wooden For Safeway buys at going prices or higher

roller on which boy's hand and—by eliminating needless marketing

rests rolls when a bird steps onto it, and chickens costs—makes it possible for more people to

don't linger long on such an unsteady perch. afford the food they need.

Safeway buys direct, sells direct, to cut "inbetween'* costs

Safeway buys regularly, offering producers a steady market; when purchasing from farmers Safeway accepts no brokerage either jdireptly or

indirectly. Safeway pays going prices or better, never offers a price lower

than producer Quotes. Safeway stands ready to help move surpluses

Safeway sells at lower prices, made possible by direct, less costly distribution... so consumers can afford to increase their consumption

grocery store* SAFEWAY—the neighborhood

.

RETURN P05 sMMMhK

THE QUES w m't-.--''WwVs*??*

(tot every mm for himself... tat the strength of many, that

14 LH l 1 1 r VS t nVIJi 'i i'ltri! u. filmffHiTCiTl Li:: i

Colonist, and Pioneer. And such is the purpose of life insurance

- - - that there shaft be security for your family, though you may

no longer be able to mmiiB it.

fe you ca n, carry- ""'-.'.'.'-v.;-;-.; ':''stiiuate tifm imwaince*

i AlANf George Albert Smith, rr#s-': Salt Ufce City, Utah

isi