MARCH 1054 Your kitchen can have both charm and convenience when you use Hermosa Clay Tile.

Here decorative Hermosa wall tile is combined with a spacious DuraGlaze tile deck—an

easyto-clean kitchen that never grows dull.

"Thanks to Hermosa Clay Tile, this bathroom is as practical as it is beautiful.

Cosmetics, medicines, even cigarettes, can't mar the DuraGlaze tile lavatory and floor.

Satin glaze Hermosa wall tile can be cleaned easily and quickly with a damp cloth.

BACKGROUND

m i Is 1 i FOR MODERN Sl LIVING

a product of GLADDING, McBEAN 8c CO.

4 This smaller bath is equally decorative luxurious. The

tile, new m many one of designs in the Hermosa line, is keyed to rich, warm color.

H

Colorful tiles at right, Scotch Mist Gray (BH183J, Golden Yellow (BH186), and Pink Dust (BH187), were used to create the kitchen and bathrooms pictured on this page. Decorative tiles

shown ivere created expressly for provincial homes.

/CBY YOUR HERMOSA TILE CONTRACTOR

is in today's lots easierHousekeeping new taste at left Grand in color picturedhome. The house

is a prime example. Called the "Villacino"by its builder Earl L. White, it was

designed by Ayres & Fiege, A.I.A. In Crackers

There's no compromise with quality in this handsomely built, beautifully Try these delicious new crackers designed model home now on display at

Encino, California. Hermosa Clay Tile—different from anything you've

was used in all bathrooms as well as in ever tasted! They have a rich,

the spacious and dramatic kitchen. No

other material could have endowed these hearty flavor... crisp, delicate texture... and an

rooms with the same feeling of warmth and distinction. And no other material inviting "twobite"shape!

would be as practical either, because

Hermosa is a glazed ceramic tile. It

cleans as easily as fine china. On counters

and floors Hermosa's DuraGlaze surface resists scratching, searinghot utensils, alcohol and food acids. Moisture can't

mildew it. Sunlight will never fade or

discolor it.

Color is important too. It's easy to

achieve beautiful, distinctive rooms with

Hermosa Tile. There are dozens of

coordinated colors, surface textures, and decorative themes to choose from.

Tailormade tile installations can be yours with a minimum of fuss and confusion too. Your local Hermosa Tile contractor can show you the complete line.

His years of experience and "knowhow"will prove invaluable. And don't forget a smart

no tile job can be better than the man it. Youwho installs you are dealing know craftsNEW experienced reputablewith and

men when you specify Hermosa Tile. shape!

If you're still planning your dream home, send for our colorful free folder "I never knew what tile could do!"

GLADDING, McBEAN & CO.

2901 Los Feliz Boulevard, Los Angeles 39 other offices at San Francisco Portland Seattle Spokane PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatelto

MARCH 1954 129 -&13335/ by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

HPhe importance of synthetics in our life is dramatized by some figures given by Professor Roger Adams. The

dye industry is now 99 percent synthetic, drugs and medicinals 75 percent, rubber 50 percent, textiles 20 percent. More

than half the half billion gallons of paint used in the United States is based on synthetic products, and natural gums and resins account for only five percent of the 2.3 billion pounds of plastics

produced in the United States. A billion pounds of synthetic detergents are

produced annually.

MAKE GOOD FOODS A new Swiss fiftypassenger electric rails trolley nor TASTE BETTER wires.bus Ithashasneithera 3300 gyroscope pound

wheel which is speeded up to 3000 r.p.m.

PACKED UNDER tric power in from half a minute to three CONTINUOUS Fresher! tastiestOnly theraisinsplumpest,are selectedmeatiest)for at stations by threephase, 380 volt elecPlump and Meaty Brand. And they come to you INSPECTIONTHE U.S. OF minutes.gen cage toThisreducewheelfrictionwhirlssuchin a thathydoit

as fresh as the day they were packed because DEPARTMENTAGRICULTUREOF can run for hours. The wheel turns a

they're twicesealed in Flav-O-Tite Packages! For generator which feeds driving motors on

cooking or for delicious eating out of hand, the bus wheels. Enough kinetic energy

Plump and Meaty Brand raisins taste better! tois storedfour miles.in the wheel to run the bus up

Pstimates of the age of Stonehenge, prehistoric the England, famous series of a of large stones arColorful Treat Dishes for you! monument

position, are ranged in horseshoe now in

Eight 31/2 in. combination Treat Dishes

estimates Archaelogical good agreement.

and Coasters, each a different color, have been about 1800 B.C. Sir Norman

packed in an attractive plastic box. ExLockyer, assuming the stones were

placed to celebrate the summer solstice, cellent for gifts. A $1.50 value. Yours about June 22, and considering the

for 75c and a Plump and Meaty box wobbling of the earth's axis with respect to the orbit, arrived at 1840 B.C. plus

top or the red star from a Plump and or minus 200 years. Using the radioMeaty bag. Write direct to Vagim carbon method on some charcoal believed made in the monument's conPacking Co. Get your set of colorstruction, the date becomes. 1848 B.C.

ful Coasters or Treat Dishes plus or minus 275 years.

today. Offer limited.

"Plantsucking insects such as aphids and coccids excrete a clear, syrupy liquid which contains much unabsorbed organic material. Because this honeyLook for dew contains much sugar, it is much

Plump and Meaty sought after by ants and other insects.

liquid, excreted which The on drying

Brand fine fruits leaves deposit a white of the on leaves at your grocer's.j tamarisk in Sinai, is called manna. This

manna contains 99.3 percent carbo1953 hydrates of which 55 percent is comsucrose, 25 percent invert sugar, VAGIM PACKING COMPANY FRESNO. CALIFORNIA mon

and 19.3 percent dextrin.

130 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BOOKS of VAST IMPORTANCE TO EVERY LATTERDAY SAINT THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES.; >:,\.r,,.:---i- By President Joseph Fielding Smith

No. l.

In this matchless book, now revised OTHER FASCINATING BOOKS BY and enlarged, President Joseph JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

Fielding Smith (an outstanding auNo. 2. WAY TO PERFECTION.$2.00

thority on Church doctrines) disNo. 3. PROGRESS OF MAN..$2.50

cusses prophecies fulfilled and No. 4. RESTORATION OF ALL

prophecies to come. An inspired THINGS $2.75

book by a beloved great man. No. 5. THE LIFE OF

JOSEPH F. SMITH $3.00

$2.25

8H1IEL1DE *o 2W(?*T.:?!

These selections from President A wealth of reading! Through A fascinating book which anMcKay's inspired writings and rare insight and forthright diswers more than 500 specific

five sermons rectness. of nearly the Elder Petersen of decades problems the from time of m r

give comfort, guidance Apostles enTwelve and need shows the |>J.> to the days Adam of Abraham.

couragement in these days. $4.00 for straightforward thinking

and action for a more abundant life. $3.00

THE AMERICAS BEFORE COLUMBUS $5.00

by Dewey Farnsworth INVENTORY SALE

No. io. GOSPEL THEMES USE THIS CONVENIENT ORDER FORM By Dr. John A. Widtsoe Reg. $1.50NOW 98c Please send the following books as indicated:

No. ii. THE FOUNDING OF AN EMPIRE No. of Book Quantity Price

By Leland Creer Reg. $5.00—NOW $1.98

By Elaine Cannon Reg. $2.50—NOW 98c

By Dr. Sidney B. Sperry Reg. $1.50—NOW 79c Cash ( ) C.O.D. ( )

By Sears and Stokes Reg. $1.50—NOW 89c Address

City Zone State.

Order from your local dealer.

1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah BOOKCRAFT

MARCH 1954 131 \-Jfficial yyrqan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUALTIONS, DEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF "THE ERSTVOICE OF THE CHURCH'

Jne Lkurch of

of oLauefaau faints

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH

ZOBELL, JR - ManuscriptJ. MOFFITTEditor:- ResearchIRIS PARKEREditor: ALBERT L.

Contributing ARCHIBALD G. HOMER DURHAM

- FRANKLIN Editors: NIBLEY - LEE JR. - HUGHF. BENNETT A. PALMER Jhe Ctover

B. CLAUDES. HARRIS, B. PETERSEN SPERRY - SIDNEY

General - Manager: R. ELBERT Associate CURTIS Manager: BERTHA

Business - Manager: D. GILES Advertising JOHN VERL F. S.SCOTTREEDER "For some must push and some must Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARRDirector:

pull,... Until we reach the valley,"was

a popular folk song of almost a century ago. "The Handcart Pioneers,"a mural

hanging in the Bureau of Information, by

The Editor's Page J.EraLeocoverFairbanks,from a wastintedadaptedphotographfor anby

"What Can I Do...?"President David O. McKay 141 Hal Rumel.

Church Features

Your Question—What is Blasphemy Against the Holy Ghost?

What is the New and Everlasting Covenant?

Joseph Fielding Smith 143 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

President McKay Visits South Africa Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 144 50 North Main Street

"Suffer it to be so Now"Paul H. Maxwell 151 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

The Worth of a Boy Elder Mark E. Petersen 153 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

New Approaches to Book of Mormon Study—Part 5..Hugh Nibley 148 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Appointee to New So. Mississippi Louisiana Disand YWMIA GenInc., CorporaFunds, by 1954 Mutual a Copyright tricts for Assemble eral 138 Outing Board 133 Improvement Mutual Men's tion of the Young

Melchizedek Priesthood.186 of Christ of Jesus of Church Association the rFt.The j-itChurch t. i;iMoves,136 On rights reserved. SubAll Saints. Presiding Latterday Bishopric's 188 Page

foreign in advance; price, a year, scription $2.50

subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

Special Features single copy.

for mailing secondclass matter. Acceptance as and Divine Henry Eyring 146 Wisdom—Human Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, in section rate for special of provided postage at Courage... Ellen July authorized 155 1917, of October 1103, Act Redd Bryner

Some Foods Are Drugged Guy P. Stevens 159 1918. 2,

for unresponsible is not contributions. welcomes To Help Guide Our Youth—Should I Go To College? ThesolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era but

by sufficient All must be accompanied manuscripts Antone K. L. Romney and Henry Isaksen 162

return. for delivery and postage Divine Guidance in Gathering Y. Genealogy..Ammon Satterfield 164

In the Steps of 3 Abraham—Part Stanley Kimball 165 Change of Address Spoken The from Temple Square Word

Richard L. Evans 168, 174, 178, 206 dress.Fifteen Whendays'noticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease includeof adthe magazine. issue slip Exploring of recent a from address the Universe, Franklin S. These Times, Due Process of Law,

unless cannot be the old made changes Address Harris, Jr 130 G. Homer 134 Durham is included. well as one the address as new

Your Page and Ours 208 Today's Family The Bensons Like Simplicity, Iris Your Home—A Thing of Beauty

Parker 196—Verda Mae Christensen 200 National Advertising Representatives Dining Rooms Should be Cheerful, Louise Price Bell 198 If I Were in My Teens, Doyle L.

Handy Hints 198 Green 204 EDWARD S. TOWN SEND COMPANY

Russ Building San Francisco, California Stories, Poetry EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

The Peace of Red Moth. Gladys Stewart Bennion 156 Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

ASSOCIATES SANGSTON Handcarts Westward—Part I Helen Kimball Orgill 160 SADLER AND342 Madison Ave.

Luxury of Spring, Albert Ralph gaard 189 New York 17, N. Y.

Kora 133 Spring Housecleaning, Louise Glover DAVIS & SONS

Frontispiece, City Spring, Leah SherDavidson 203 30 N. LaSalle St.

man 139 Birth of a Tree, Grace Stillman Chicago, Illinois

Poetry Page 140 Minck 205 New Gold, Eva Willes WangsKnowledge, Thelma Ireland 207 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New Appointee to YWMIA If-... Any Way yn 00Jr At

General Board appointment of Mrs. Violet H. You Can't Beat a JOHN DEERE

TheGrix to the general board of the

ImproveMutual Women's Young No. 5 POWER MOWER

first asof her Association andment signment to serve on the drama committee there has been announced.

The new board member began her

Church activities as a librarian and assistant organist of the Primary Association in Huntsville, Utah. Later

she taught Sunday School in the

Ogden Ninth Ward. After a year

at the University of Utah she went to Boston for additional study and was active in the Boston Branch.

FOR

FAST HITCHING Mrs. Violet H. Grix TO ANY

TRACTOR Following her marriage to Arthur

W. Grix, she lived for several years CONSIDER the John Deere No. 3 Consider the safety features that proin Berkeley and Oakland, California, Power Mower from every standpoint. tect the cutter bar and drives against

where she and her husband were both Youquarterof-a-millionwill agree with usersthe morewhothansay,a costlylease allowsbreakage.the entireA safetymowerspringto swingreactive in the MIA. Since their re- "The No. 5 is today's outstanding back out of danger, should the cutter

turn to Ogden, Mrs. Grix has served mower."bar hit a hidden field obstruction;

slip clutch protects the efficient 5 an Deere the No. Consider John whycontinuously in the Relief Society for bar. cutter a good day of 5 to gives 35 acres you 2

in the literary yearstwentytwo crop. hay in any cutting declean The Easy to Hitch to Any Tractor flexible the design, single caster wheel that organization. Herpartment of

labors were as a ward class leader hitchparts meanbar, andthe No.the longlived5 skims alongcuttingthe No.Consider5 can bethehitchedease withto anywhichtractor.theIt

and later as a member of the Mount ground at a uniform height—doing a works with any tractor having PTO.

any 5 to hitch the can One man good job of cutting at any tractor boards. stake Farr West andOgden in a a tractor matter of minutes—toNo. as speed. for four years also servedShe has less hitching takes Tractor Deere John

a member of the Farr West Stake Continuous NewMower than a minute.

at Performance matter look you how No board. SchoolSunday

5 beat can't So Mower. planit—younow a No. that adjustments the simple Consider is of the president past a Grix Mrs. its in worthmore cash to on many up the to keep No. 5 tuned enable you

farm. features your on its and Club the Women's Drama forOgden performance for newmower

dealer get and See Deere your adjustlife. eccentric John simple A a entire She has been Club.University

full story 5 or the the the on the No. lag, and cutter bar eliminates ment College OgdenWebermember of the vision CenterMounted 20 No. guards Mowerfullthe in register with knife is kept

Community Theatre Board and has by a simple forkedwasher adjustment. for "40"Series Tractors.

appeared in numerous plays.

SAVE MORE... Start in '54—SEND FOR FREE LITERATURE

Choose a JOHN DEERE LUXURY OF SPRING JOHN DEERE Moline, ill. Dept. D50

By Albert Ralph Korn tratedPleasefolderssendonmetheone of your free illusDeere 3 John No. 5 Mower springBright CenterMounted 20 No. Mower lavish hand ["} With

Has colored all the land. Name.

purpleThe lilacs full of scent R.R. -Box

the scene.Enrich

Town. State.

Hill MARCH 1954 133 Now available at a DUE PROCESS OF LAW

SPECIAL PRICE to ERA SUBSCRIBERS HpHE Honorable Earl Warren of Caliby Dr. G. Homer Durham,

fornia has now entered officially VICE PRESIDENT, duties Chief UNIVERSITY OF UTAH as the fourteenth upon his of the The NEW Justice Court of the Supreme

GORDON OWEN SCRAPBOOK United States, the ninth to enter into 1. A sound complaint arid a sober

that office without previous judicial excomplainant.

perience of long standing. That num- 2. The right to answer the complaint

ber included John Marshall, the fourth and compel witnesses on his behalf.

Qtveft* Chief Justice (18011835), one of Presi- 3. A qualified judge or judges or

dent John Adams'lameduck political other decisionmaking authority of reappointees, so let no one worry unduly. sponsible character.

The list of American Chief Justices in- 4. Fair trial, including notice, regular

clude: John Jay (17891795); John Rutallegations, opportunity to answer, and

ledge (179596, rejected by the Senate fair judgment, according to settled rules after taking his seat); Oliver Ellsworth of judicial proceeding, involving counsel

(17961800); John Marshall (1801and jury in the most serious cases.

1835); Roger B. Taney (18361864); These are some of the aspects of

Salmon P. Chase (18641873); Morrison "due process of law,"the sustenance

educational, of inspirational, treasury A and R. Waite (18741888); Melville W. and maintenance of which, Chief Justhoughts, stories and humorous

articles choice 250 than essays. More Fuller (18891910); Edward D. White tice Warren now bears a central reradio this popular selected especially from

program. You will find something for (19101921); William H. Taft (1921sponsibility.

prefor Ideal occasion. or every mood to 1930); Charles E. Hughes (193041); How may private rights be violated? lesson, or of talk, paring type any

Invaluable for enjoyment. read your own F. Stone Harlan are posfour (1941There about

all kinds. of teachers for and speakers

1946); Fred sibilities: M. Vinson or the this nafor one by with your order ad (1) Send

more autographed copies at this reduced (19461953); and now, tional authority; (2) by price.

Only $2.00 a copy Earl Warren. Among the state authority and

postpaid while supply lasts. other things, Chief Jusits political subdivisions;

Address order to tice Warren's obligation (3) by private persons,

GORDON OWEN in upholding and defendcorporations, associations, 146 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah ing the Constitution of and groups; (4) by exthe United States is to ternal or foreign powers.

keep vigorously alive the Against the latter, man's concept and meaning of historic defense has been "due process of law."war and diplomacy and the slow effort

What is "due process of law?"Every to shift from violence to the rule of

citizen should understand the rudilaw. Against number three, we must MILL MAKES ments of the phrase. Too few can or look to private law and legislation. ToWHEATGRINDS OR CRACKS ALL GRAINS,

EXCELLENT CEREAL AND FLOUR... do study American government to the number two and number one we may

L.D.S. FAMILIES WHERE FOR MUSTA point that its great historic principles of protection degree look with some

.. holds IS. Hopper STORED.WHEAT are understood. Its great principles, fifth into fourteenth the and amendments

lbs. 1 l'A cluding process,"are "due served poorly process.'of their guarantee "due and

already have bought this Hundreds amazignorance, by superficial shoddy and in are ing mill, of testimonials dozens let prous is due ask "what Again lipservice, cultivated bias. and files. our referred cess?"Charta (1215) Magna

Fully by guaranteed Fifth The adopted.Amendment, June it So, to land."of the as "the law

Pehrson Hardware 15, provides that 1790, person,""No process, affords in general us the due Co.

shall of deprived Life, "be Liberty, or operate that guarantee government must

Property without due process of law."according to "the law of the land."

The Fourteenth Amendment, adopted What is the "law of the land?"In the

deprive any person of Life, Liberty, or say it is. "Due process,"said the Su- $60 July 21, 1868, adds "nor shall any state long run, it is largely what the judges

Property, without due process of law. preme Court years ago, must "be Postage and

in provision the Fifth Paid Tax..."The of process ascertained the gradually by Anywhere is afford prodesigned to in Amendment U.S. or Canada courts) exclusion the (by inclusion and

tection to private rights against any in the course of decisions in cases as

MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED "undue"procedure by the national govthey arise."What do the courts say

East, Salt is 11th City, South Lake 2102 designed Utah ernment. The fourteenth to Largely year? year to from what we Mill. Inclosed send one Wheat me afford similar against protection the is or for $6.50. order check money Pleasemy to deserve hear demand and what we

Name state governments and their political from them.

subdivisions (cities, towns, and school

Address districts). Is "due process"in danger?

City But what is "due process?"What is Some think that the growth of govState it that is due? ernment, the crushing burdens assumed

In general it has meant that before by the national authorities in World the Life, Liberty, or Property of any War II, the expansion of secret police person whose interests are jeopardized and security systems thereafter and durby the action of government can be ing the "cold"and Korean wars, have,7,.,/T It*- O40 affected, he is entitled to the followplaced the Supreme Court in a position

Salt Lake City, Utah ing: (Continued on page 194)

.

.. For small fry

The Doris Hardy Show

This highquality program is for children of all ages... and

features one of America's finest story tellers plus top juvenile talent. For Saturday afternoon fun at its best, don't miss the

new "Doris Hardy Show."

Saturdays at Four over KSLTV 3"dZt

MARCH 1954 135 the Church moves On

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

SunPriesthood, and YMMIA, chapel is also the home of the Ogden Aaronic December 1953 set will organizations up day School Fortythird Ward.

Later for this achievement. left standards Salt Choir Tabernacle Lake The

to Speaking the subject "Man's (J Deseret the it that2 announced train special Salt was a board City Lake on... Choice Spiritualor Animality will of the Recognition award were for YMMIA they where Las Vegas, Nevada,

ity,"President deDavid O. McKay 1954. 1, after December discontinued of a be in behalf concerts three present to

livered of the Air address the Church of center for a youth building fund the radioon of network the Columbia ar- O. President David McKay $ Stake. MoapaBroadcasting System. a on England, in rived London, of the Elder CounRichards LeGrand

Elder Richards LeGrand of the Council of the Twelve and Elder Evon W. cilof ofthetheRivergroveTwelve dedicatedFirst andthe Secondchapel tourSouththatAmerica,will takeandhimCentralto SouthAmerica.Africa,

Huntsman, former president of the wards, Provo (Utah) Stake.

Mission, returned to SaltTongan Lake spent President David O. McKay Assistant Morris, to A Elder George Q.

City after "flying nearly a monthlong offiwith conferring morning the dedicated of the Twelve, the Council trip"to Tonga, Samoa, and New Zeathe chapel of the Ithaca (New York) cials of the SwissAustrian Mission who land. During this trip Elder Richards Branch, Eastern States Mission. had come to London to discuss plans

dedicated the Liahona College in Tonga, for the temple now being erected at the in School Pegesathe and Samoa, afternoon the In Switzerland. Berne, As- L. Christiansen, EIRay 9 Q Elder ofchapel the Auckland Branch in New site of the the visited his party he and of the to Council the sistantZealand. England. at Chapel, New of temple as president set apart was Twelve, to Assistant Morris, Elder George Q.

President by Temple, Salt Lake the dedicated of the Twelve,the Council left Sister McKay and President 7 ChristianPresident McKay. O. David of the Schenectady chapelthe (New for air Lisbon, accomby London Young. Robert President D. succeeds sen Mission. States Eastern Branch,York) Reiser A. President Hamer panied by are presidency in the Counselors new

as act will Mission British of who the

I. and Burton Raymond Robert Elders anPresident David O.9 of McKay his Q tour secretary during President's first Burton was Elder Clayton. H. fly that will from he nounced Mission. African che South Elder Young. President to counselor

to City York January London onNew to counselor second Jones, Willard later, after conferring 2. Several days and O. McKay David President Q released. also President Young, was relative being to business the templeon in Johannesburg, arrived his party

constructed at Berne, Switzerland, he will South Africa.

fly to Johannesburg, South Africa, where Q President and Sister David O.

he will pay the first visit of a General "McKay left Salt Lake City on their 1 ft President David O. McKay adAuthority to that mission. Later he will tour of missions. Approximately thirtydressed two sessions of a conferfly to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and from two thousand miles will be covered as ence held in Johannesburg, South

there he will visit the three missions they visit England, South Africa, Brazil, Africa.

Central Amerin South America—Brazil, Argentina, Argentina, Uruguay, and

and Uruguay. En route home Presiica. 1 1 Actual excavation for the new

dent McKay will visit the Central Relief Society building in Salt

American Mission, with headquarters in 91 With 1953 at its close, 1,163,736 Lake City began.

Guatemala City. President McKay visitors had come to Temple Square

visited the foreign missions of the in Salt Lake City during the year. 1 President McKay and his party

Church, with the exception of the South arrived in Cape Town, South

African Mission, during a worldwide Africa.

tour. Since that time, however, the January 1954

three missions of South America and 1 ft The First Presidency requested the one in Central America have been With the beginning of the new * "that bishops call the attention of ipened. Sister McKay will accompany 1 year the Western Oregon region ward members to the current "March

him on this tour. His secretary for the of the Church welfare program began of Dimes"drive and ask them to be as

European and African portion of the to function. The stakes served by this generous as possible to this worthy

trip will be President A. Hamer Reiser new region are the Portland, Columbia cause.

of the British Mission. President and River, Willamette, and Klamath. These

Sister McKay will be joined in Rio de stakes were formerly a part of the North- 1 The appointment of Mrs. Violet

Janeiro by their son, Robert R. McKay, west Region. * Hall Grix to the general board of

a fcrrer missionary to South America, the Young Women's Mutual Improvewho will be the President's secretary It was announced that Elders ment Association was announced.

for the remainder of the trip. 2 Francis L. Urry and Rulon B. Transfer of the headquarters of the

Stanfield were appointed to the general SpanishAmerican Mission from El 7 President David O. McKay dediboard of the Young Men's Mutual ImPaso, Texas, to 519 West Ashby Avenue,

cated the chapel of the Liberty provement Association. San Antonio, Texas, was announced.

Ward, Ogden (Utah) Stake. Announcement was made that an AllIt was announced that work on a

President David O. McKay dedicated Church award will be available to \5Y2ioot statue of Moroni which will

the chapel of the Ogden Thirtythird qualifying young men from twelve to stand atop the 265foot tower of the

Ward, East Ogden (Utah) Stake. This twentyone at the end of 1954. The (Concluded on page 187)

136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CENTER KENN—INARCH

Kennecott's new Research Center on the Benefits of the scientific search at this

University of Utah campus is a doorway to million and a quarter dollar Research tomorrow—a doorway to new processes Center can spread beyond the mining

that can increase Utah's natural resources. industry. The University of Utah will gain

is imporWhen the Center opens soon, a staff of 50 added prestige. The new Center

scientists and technicians will carry on tant to the people of Utah because successful research may mean that the benefits of research already begun in a temporary Utah Copper payrolls, tax payments and building. They will seek new methods for

supply purchases will continue over a extracting a higher percentage ofmetal from longer period of time. ore at Kennecott's Utah and other western

mines. This would help make possible the Kennecott, the first copper mining company

use of low grade material that would otherto establish such a Research Center, is again wise be worthless. In this way Utah's pioneering to open the door for our future

resources can actually be made to grow. benefits.

C*ptb<?w tU! rarocvKTOowMMOii&Mea

Kennecottvmm&*&mm<imm Copper Corporation

A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

MARCH 1954 137 SOUTH LOUISIANA AND MISSISSIPPI DISTRICTS

ASSEMBLE FOR OUTING

Approximately four hundred mempitching, and croquet. Saturday

bers and friends of the Church evening there was an oldtime dance, 1 from the South Louisiana and under the stars, using the ground as

Mississippi Districts assembled at a dance floor, as the Utah pioneers

Percy Quin State Park, McComb, Mishad done many times.

sissippi, for a threeday pioneer celeSunday began with a sunrise testibration last July 1719, under the mony meeting in the park's assembly supervision of the district MIA. hall. Church members of all ages

Friday evening the group saw were quick to bear their testimonies.

movies, among them the Church film, Then following breakfast, Sunday "This is the Place"; and skits, School was held, with the various

pantomimes, musical numbers, songs, classes holding forth on the tree and dances, presented by MIA memshaded lawns.

bers of New Orleans, Baton Rouge, Shortly after noon on Sunday, the and Pride, Louisiana. threeday program was at an end and

Saturday was a day long to be rethe participants were homeward membered—a day filled with clean bound, but looking forward to just

fun and competitive sports—swimsuch another gathering, sponsored by

ming, softball, volleyball, horseshoe the district Mutuals, next summer.

RED MOROCCO CONCORDANCE EDITION

The popular Large Size Scofield

Reference Bible (51/2 x 8V6") is now available in a handsome new binding as Scofield 187x Red. In

addition to the Authorized King

James text and the famous Scofield notes and helps, each of these

Bibles contains a Concordance,

Dictionary of Scripture Proper

Names, Subject Index, 14 colored maps and an indexed Atlas. Yet

these beautiful Ultrathin Oxford

India Paper editions are only % thick.

187x Red. Morocco, hand grained,

half circuit, leather lined, round corners, gold edges. $20.50

Above: South Louisiana and Mississippi Mutuals assembled at Percy Quin State

Park, McComb, Mississippi for a threeday pioneer celebration, under the supervision of the district MIA. Below: Some of the group playing volleyball.

For those who prefer the Handy

Size, Scofield 147x is also available in a new Red binding. This

smaller edition (4% x 7 1/16") is a duplicate of 187x Red, and contains all of the text, notes, and special material found in the larger size. It, too, is an Ultrathin

Oxford India Paper edition, only %"thick. 147x Red. Handy Size, as 187x

Red. $18.00

At Your Bookstore OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS 114 Fifth Avenue, New York 11

Jh66s/ier5 cftiie> JtutfwrizedKing James JBtie siiice 1&J5

138 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Monkmeyer Photo

Slow avenue of trees, just yesterday

Stood thin, black silhouettes against the dawn;

Today, warm sunshine opened buds halfway:

Small children play upon the greening lawn.

The first turned loam in city garden plot

CITY SPRING WhenBrings fragrantspringtimereminiscingplanting ofwasthethepastonly thought

Toward autumn harvest, and the shadow cast.

by Leah Sherman But here, where ground is limited in scope

And gardening is recreation, first:

Bright red tomatoes is spring gardener's hope;

While snow lies in the shadows, new leaves burst.

Greenyellow buds, the warming city knows

As hostage from the blight of winter snows.

MARCH 1954 139 SILVER AND GOLD

By Jane Merchant

T'/ndian pipes are silver;

*- Daffodils are gold.

AH the earth is freighted paigS:jg With flowering wealth untold.

But do you know of any HELP ME KEEP FAITH ACROBAT FlowerThat firstfromis gold,here thento Zionsilver

By Caroline Eyring Miner By Beulah Huish Sadleir Except the dandelion?

"K7I turned handspring a arch is playing, the crowds and band EVIDENCE "'airThe In the too, shout, flipped April, us And I I to these. to deaf look Nickerson Lukei see Vesta But By am fair. and Calm go a with boy true marching hundredMy tied the with She wind up springs reveals lake fight rippling to its hidden in Americans war. be i. he To tail kite, of a The

I sure coat, he's his Quite buttoned up gaze, careful wave To winter's swept And cobwebs see. shout; not does he And somehow all of heart depths And and the sounded And sight. mythical From now mind

At last I weep—he cannot know—and brave Man's face betrays. As I had been with him—and calm—I bow

To grief. His father also marched away

To war before our son was born. Oh, God, WINDOWS TO THE SOUTH

I know the emptiness that comes the day

When but a few come home as crowds apBy Anna M. Priestley

plaud.

Yet I am sure that freedom's worth the offer thanks most fervently cost. For windows to the south.

Help me keep faith if my son should be They bring me day's first greetings lost. From morning's rosy mouth.

And when bright banners are unfurled

ROSALIND Across the western sky,

They give me leave to witness By Ethel ]acobson Its lingering goodbye.

TTer speech is honey, soft with the south;

A J- She has dancing eyes and a heartBRIEF FOR SPRING shaped mouth, Littlegirl dimples and spungold hair, By Dan Kelly

And no other maid is as fair, as fair.

:(1reen fingers touch the thin blue air

Her nose is saucy; her brow is calm; -J Cautiously and sly;

And she holds my heart in her small pink A violet usurps the field;

palm. A robin steals the sky.

Pert, petite, and fleet as the wind, Of brigands such as these the heart is as sweetNone Starryeyed, camelliaskinned, as Rosalind,—Photograph by Richard Rundle StandsPossessionmotionless,is nine points,in awe.you know,

Rosyposy Rosalind 1 THE EAGLE'S AGE And spring is law!

THE MAGIC OF YOUR HAND By Georgia Moore Eberling POSTPONEMENT to I used hear to wake of whistle distant By Elaine V, Emans a By Ormonde Butler QraEThe onlongdrawna time train; soft is gentle; she hand strangely slow to put your love in Spring's nights it sounded sharp and E tends On cloudless

seeds earth within the The tiny speech. clear,

cloudAnd summons bring, sunbeams and it you surmise by a rose me sound when drifting through Let there A haunting birth; joyousThat know full each may little each courtesies, and your By all cold rain.

Spring's is gentle. hand Summer's, a thing so small sorry. By you are Time too, Sometimes when snow was deep I heard it

fair, the smooths roses'petalsThat little of mine, jokes over laughter As blow,

And blesses every growing thing Faroff, and muted by the winter storm; Your understanding, and your gentleness,

tree, rare. bush, gardensWeed, and and nine with patience me your very I its by And drowsily heard cadence go And

is delicate,Bright autumn's touch let wait me and of ten times; out I Times gale, safe the while and Above was warm.

fall, -Painting the leaves before they guess. I start nights up, often These wideawake

Before the rough hasten winds soar; airplanes high the throbbing above death; As

it all, gentlest of mustThe be not too soon you love me, little or that both Say It seems earth and sky to me is delicate.So, autumn's hand well, shake

Then comes the winter; dreams in ice In terror at the night planes'flaming roar. For how distressing, should you vow and

snowflakes, moldedAnd go exquisite, Train whistles now all seem to wail, "Goodin a trice, madeA fairyland should you love and stay, you need And, bye,"etches!Strong winter Ah, tell not but you This is the eagle's age, and men must fly.

areFar gentler of these, than all time in words, for I shall know a Me for uplifts your theFor dear hand it clear that inner grows In the sweet way soul NEW GRAIN knees. to its has been beatenThat is dear. she very woman, when any To

By Pauline Tyson Stephens DIFFERENCE Above the sod so lately wrapped HUSBANDMAN **-In shimmering shawls of snow,

By Catherine E. Berry A million newgreen fronds of grain By Janet Moore

Shoot forth from embryo;

rTbucH a rainbow, hold a star, Sparkling, glistening in the sun, As a garden glows in spring -* Wear a moonbeam on your sleeve, On field and lea and knoll Wben the sun's glad rays have found it,

Children know it can be done, As bright with promise as the hope So the heart bursts into bloom

Grownups call it makebelieve. That lives within my soul. When love warms the ground around it.

140 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (i,:N3v>>s3v3s3\3\3s3s3s3v9\3\>

"What Can I Do.... T

by President David O. McKay

"Wherefore, my beloved,... work out your It is to perform daily, hourly, momentarily, if

own salvation with fear and trembling. necessary, the immediate task or duty at hand,

"For it is God which worketh in you both and to continue happily in such performance as to will and to do of his good pleasure. the years come and go, leaving the fruits of such

"Do all things without murmurings and labors either to self or to others, to be bestowed disputings: as a just and beneficent Father may determine.

"That ye may he blameless and harmless, I believe in individualism as opposed to pathe sons of God, without rebuke, in the midst ternalism. In saying this I recognize the fact

of a crooked and perverse nation, among that a man's duties to himself and to his fellow whom ye shine as lights in the world."men are indissolubly connected. Jesus taught that

(Philippians 2:1215.) if a man is true to his own highest interests he

cannot fail to discharge his obligations to his

Though given over nineteen centuries ago, Paul's neighbors. Conversely, he taught that if a man

admonition to the Philippians is applicable is faithful to the interests of his fellow men, he g to us today. cannot be faithless to his own. And as a man

Sometimes when we think how little we can thinks, so he acts.

do, we almost despair of attempting to do anyThe doctrine of individual initiative and indithing. But there are a few simple but fundavidual effort should be more urgently taught and

mental things which everyone can do. more earnestly put into effect. Too many men

One of these is for each individual to work are claiming that the world owes them a living, out his own "salvation."and are sitting effortlessly by expecting the world

The Church does not accept the doctrine that to throw its luxuries into their passive laps. Too

a mere murmured belief in Jesus Christ is all that late they will learn that the earth rewards richly is essential. A man may say he believes, but if only the willing workers. Emerson quotes somehe does nothing to make that belief or faith a one as saying that "the world is in a state of

moving power to do, to accomplish, to produce bankruptcy; that the world owes the world more

soul growth, his protestation will avail him little. than the world can pay, and ought to go into

I am not unmindful of the scripture that dechancery and be sold."Such reputed insolvency

clares, "For by grace are ye saved through faith; involves all the population, and he who does not

and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God."get out and work to the best of his ability is a

(Eph. 2:8.) That is absolutely true, for man, in contributor to the alleged bankruptcy.

his taking upon himself mortality, was impotent This admonition applies not only to persons to "save"himself from death—and through Jesus but also to the individual quorum, to the indithe Christ we are all assured a resurrection. But vidual ward, to the individual stake. Look around

the Lord also gave to man the gospel, the eternal you and you will find that there is work to do.

plan whereby he might rise above the carnal Too many of us fail to take advantage of opand selfish things of life and proceed to spiritual portunities near at hand. We justify inactivity

perfection. by nursing the impotent thought that success

To work out one's "salvation"is not to sit cannot be obtained without influence, money, soidly by, dreaming and yearning for God miracucial or political "pull."But Edward Rowland

lously to thrust bounteous blessings into our laps. (Concluded on foll&wing page)

cvncncv; s&s&&J jCr ftt/i *3 JlLpV

MARCH 1954 141

THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) A single, struggling individual may be stalled

Sill gives an excellent illustration of the fact that with his heavy load even as he begins to climb sometimes what one man throws away as usethe hill before him. To reach the top unaided

less, another man seizes as the best means of is an impossibility. With a little help from fellow

victory at hand. associates, quorums, or wards, he makes the

grade and goes on his way in gratitude and re- "This I beheld, or dreamed it in a dream: joicing.

There spread a cloud of dust along a plain;

And underneath the cloud, or in it, raged This, I think, is in harmony with the teach-

A furious battle, and men yelled, and swords ings of Jesus, who "sought to perfect society, not

Shocked upon swords and shields. A prince's by popular agitation or by reorganization, but by

banner perfecting the individual. He recognized the fatal

Wavered, then staggered backward, hemmed by fallacy in the dream of those who hoped to make foes. a perfect state out of imperfect individuals. The

A craven hung along the battle's edge, ideal social state, which he described as the kingAnd thought, 'Had I a sword of keener steel dom of God, is a commonwealth in which all are united and governed by a commanding That blue blade that the king's son bears—but men

this love both for God and for their neighbors."

!'he snapt and flung it from his Liberty, freedom of speech, selfgovernment, Blunt thing—

hand. work, thrift, initiative, selfeffort, faith in God,

And lowering crept away and left the field. and particularly faith in the efficacy of the gospel

Then came the king's son, wounded, sore bestead, of Jesus Christ are constantly facing a bombardAnd weaponless, and saw the broken sword, ment from the ranks of error and too many men

Hiltburied in the dry and trodden sand.

And ran and snatched it, and with battleshout cry, "What can we do?"

Lifted afresh he hewed his enemy down, This we can do:

And saved a great cause that heroic day."First:

(Edward Rowland Sill, "Opportunity") By selfeffort do what there is all around us to the home, in the neighborhood, in Wrote Charles Wagner in the "Simple Life": be done—in

the quorum, in the ward, in our own communities.

"Each person's base of operations is the field Second:

of his immediate duty. Neglect this field, and all

you undertake at a distance is compromised. First, By proclaiming, and, what is even more effecthen, be of your own country, your own city, your tive, by living the principles of the gospel of

own home, your own church, your own workshop; Jesus Christ:

then, if you can, set out from this to go beyond it. That is the plain and natural order, and a "Wherefore, my beloved,... work out your

man must fortify himself with very bad reasons own salvation with fear and trembling.

to arrive at reversing it.""For it is God which worketh in you both to

In thus emphasizing individual effort, I am will and to do of his good pleasure.

not unmindful of the necessity of cooperation "Do all things without murmurings and dis- "There is a destiny which makes us brothers; putings

None goes his way alone: "That ye may be blameless and harmless, the

All that we send into the lives of others sons of God, without rebuke, in the midst of a

Comes back into our own."crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye

(Edward Markham, "A Creed") shine as lights in the world."

Lake Champlain, Essex County, New York, in the springtime.

142 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

WHAT IS: Blasphemy Against the Holy Ghost?

The New and Everlasting Covenant?

"In our Sunday School we have had different interpretations of two statements in the Doctrine and Covenants, Section 132, Verse 27. First: What is

meant by blasphemy against the Holy Ghost? Second: What is meant by the

new and everlasting covenant? Does it mean our temple marriage and sealing?"

The verse in question is as follows: "If they shall fall away, to renew them again unto

"The blasphemy against the Holy Ghost, repentance; seeing they crucify to themselves the Son of

which shall not be forgiven in the world nor out of the God afresh, and put him to open shame."

world, is in that ye commit murder wherein ye shed A man who has not received the gift of the Holy Ghost innocent blood, and assent unto my death, after ye have and therefore who has never "tasted of the heavenly received my new and everlasting covenant, saith the Lord gift,"may be guilty of blasphemy against Jesus Christ

God; and he that abideth not this law can in nowise and be forgiven on his repentance, but so great is the

enter into my glory, but shall be damned, saith the Lord."testimony through the gift of the Holy Ghost, should he

In Matthew 12:3132 we find a similar statement as turn against the Lord and fight his work, there is no

follows: forgiveness. The shedding of innocent blood is not con-

"Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and fined to taking lives of the innocent, but is also included blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy in seeking to destroy the word of God, and putting

against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men. Christ to open shame. Those who have known the

"And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son truth and then fight against the authorized servants of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh of Jesus Christ also fight against him, for they who

against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, fight against his servants also do it unto him, and thus neither in this world, neither in the world to come."are guilty of his blood.

In the Doctrine and Covenants, Section 76:3135, we shall go all except "Wherefore, he saves them—they this further information:have is endless puninto everlasting which punishment, away

"Thus saith the Lord concerning all those who -know ishment, which is eternal punishment, to reign with my power, and have been made partakers thereof, and the devil and his angels in eternity, where their worm suffered themselves through the power of the devil to dieth not, and the fire is not quenched, which is their be overcome, and to deny the truth and defy my power torment "They are they who are the sons of perdition, of whom "And the end thereof, neither the place thereof, nor

I say that it had been better for them never to have been their torment, no man knows;

born; "Neither was it revealed, neither is, neither will be

"For they are vessels of wrath, doomed to suffer the revealed unto man, except them who are made partakers wrath of God, with the devil and his angels in eternity; thereof."(D. & C. 76:4446.)

"Concerning whom I have said there is no forgiveness in this world nor in the world to come The new and everlasting covenant is the fulness of the "Having denied the Holy Spirit after having received gospel. (See ibid., 66:2.) It is composed of "All coveit, and having denied the Only Begotten Son of the nants, contracts, bonds, obligations, oaths, vows, perFather, having crucified him unto themselves and put formances, connections, associations, or expectations"that

him to an open shame."are sealed upon members of the Church by the Holy

These who are to be so severely punished must first Spirit of promise, or the Holy Ghost, by the authority of have the testimony of the gospel and by the power of the President of the Church who holds the keys. (See

the Holy Ghost know that Jesus is the Christ, the Only ibid., 132:7.) The President of the Church holds the

Begotten Son of God. Afterwards if they sin and openly keys of the Melchizedek Priesthood. He delegates auand wilfully turn against the truth and deny Christ, thority to others and authorizes them to perform the

they assent unto his death, and this is equivalent to sacred ordinances of the priesthood.

crucifying him again and the shedding of innocent blood, Marriage for eternity is a new and everlasting coveand they put him to open shame. nant. Baptism is also a new and everlasting covenant

In Hebrews 6:4-6, this is written: (see ibid., 22), and likewise ordination to the priest-

"For it is impossible for those who were once enhood, and every other covenant is everlasting and a part lightened, and have tasted of the heavenly gift and were of the new and everlasting covenant which embraces made partakers of the Holy Ghost, all things. p-

"And have tasted of the good word of God, and the powers of the world to come, MARCH 1954 143 Above: Arriving at Jan Smuts Airport, Johannesburg; left to

right, President A. Hamer Reiser, President David O. McKay, and

Sister Emma Ray McKay.

Left: President Reiser, President and Sister McKay, and President and Sister Leroy Duncan, at Cape Town.

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

RESEARCH EDITOR

tall, distinguishedlooking man "The hymn ended, the official years,'he said. 'There is only one

stood on the tarmac at Wingfield handshakes over, he walked, with a thing we disagree on. She doesn'tA today with his hat in his hand kindly, fatherly smile, towards the like the heat, and I do. But where

and the wind ruffling his thick, white crowd—most of them young people is your South Africa heat? I haven't

hair. Standing behind the rails a eagerly awaiting him. felt any.'

crowd of men and women sang softly: "'Oh, this is lovely,'he said. 'What "This is the first time that the head

'We Thank Thee, O God, for a a welcome!'"of the Mormon Church had visited

Prophet.'"Hands stretched out eagerly to the Union.

"President David O. McKay (Presishake his. Cameras clicked from all "'I am delighted,'he said, 'with

dent of the Church of Jesus Christ of angles. It was completely friendly the work that is being done here; and

Latterday Saints) revered as a and informal. I am delighted with the hospitality

prophet of the Mormon Church—is "Next to the president walked and kindness we have met everyvisiting the Union. He arrived from Sister Emma Ray McKay, his where.'

Johannesburg to spend a few days wife.... "He carries his 80 years lightly,

in Cape Town. "'She has looked after me for 53 his smile and his voice are gentle."

144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Such is a reporter's description of and news cameramen who were asWhile in Cape Town President the arrival of President David O. signed to the airport for the occasion. McKay visited the famed animal

McKay at the airport in Cape Town, The following day, Sunday, Janupreserve on the Cape peninsula. DurSouth Africa.* ary 10, a missionary conference was ing another stop, the President

That is one of the many highlights held in Cape Town. The members climbed the hillside to the lighthouse

of the trip that President McKay has came expecting a glorious spiritual at the top.desired to make for over a quarter of feast—and they were not disapPresident McKay visited governPresident his stay spoke in South leaders during for ment McKay since he and Hugh pointed.a century—ever

of the discourtesy. Africa both sessions every an hour at shown and was the thirteenmonth Cannon madeJ.

worldwide mission tour in 192021, trict conference. He had asked that Another clipping, this one from the

in which they visited all the then seating arrangements be made so that Cape Times of Wednesday, January organized missions outside the United the children be given the front seats, 13, 1954, speaks of how well President

States, with the exception of South and in the morning session he spoke McKay was received by the press

Africa. especially to these young members as there. It reads in part:

he showed them a glass of clear "With his feet very much on the It was about the time of the American Thanksgiving that the missionwater, and then how that water earth, President David O. McKay,

clouded as he dropped one drop of prophet and head of the Church ofaries and Saints in South Africa were ink from his fountain pen into the Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,informed by cablegram of President

David O. McKay's impending visit. glass. "That's how sin clouds a life,"talked softly to me yesterday of his

he said. dream of a whole world living at

"NOVEMBER 25, 1953 While in the Johannesburg area, peace.

"PRESIDENT McKAY CONTEMPLATES President McKay visited a nearly "'It can and will be done,'he said,

VISITING SOUTH AFRICA ARRIVING completed LDS chapel at the ex- 'but it can come only through JesusAT JOHANNESBURG ABOUT JANUARY 8 ADVISES POSTPONEMENT CONpanding goldfield town of Springs. Christ.'

FERENCE OF MISSIONARIES He also visited Church property at "This remarkable man, of Scot de- "FIRST PRESIDENCY"Pretoria. scent, and leader of 1,300,000 MorPerhaps only those who have lived Then another long air journey (one mons, who at 80 is more sprightly

in the mission fields of the Church can scarcely conceive of the great than many a man 20 years younger, can realize the joy that these memdistances in South Africa) of nine speaks with the assurance of one who bers had in preparing for the Presihundred miles brought them to Cape believes fervently in his cause...."

dent's visit. Town and the scene described earlier. As this article is written, President

Meanwhile, President McKay anPresident McKay informed the and Sister McKay have already left nounced the plans for the journey as Saints in Cape Town that the Church South Africa and are visiting the mishe addressed Church administration hopes to expand activities in South sions of South and Central America.

building personnel at their annual Africa. He pointed out that hun- (These missions weren't in existence

Christmas party on December 23. He dreds of converts have left South as President McKay made his worldand Sister McKay left Salt Lake City Africa for the United States and wide tour in the twenties.) President

Canada to be nearer the activities Reiser has returned to London, andby train December 29 and flew the

Atlantic from New York, January 2, that the Church offers. "If we esthe President has been joined in

their fiftythird wedding anniversary. tablish enough chapels here in South South America by a son, Robert R.,

They arrived in London the next Africa, this movement [away] will be a Salt Lake City jeweler and a afternoon, and he spent January 4 arrested."former missionary in South America.

There was a missionary convenTo Elder Robert R. McKay have falconferring with mission officials that

had come from Switzerland, relative tion held in Cape Town whose final len the duties of becoming his father's to the construction of the temple at session was a tenhour-long testimony secretary until they return to Salt

Berne, and in visiting the temple site meeting. Lake City.

at New Chapel, England. Accompanied by President A. Hamer Reiser

of the British Mission, who acted as the President's secretary during this portion of the tour, President and

Sister McKay left London January 7. The long air flight to South Africa

was broken by an overnight stop at

Lisbon.

The party arrived in Johannesburg just at sundown—7:30 p.m., January

9, 1954. President LeRoy H. Duncan

of the South African Mission was the first to greet the President in South

Africa. Then came the Saints—an

experience enjoyed by President and

Sister McKay and by the newsmen

*From a front page story accompanied by a fourcolumn picture in the Cape Town Argus, Cape Town,

South Africa, Tuesday, January 12, 1954. Government buildings, Pretoria, Transvaal.

MARCH 1954 145 WISDOM HUMAN and DIVINE

by Dr. Henry Eyring

DEAN, GRADUATE SCHOOL, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

THIS IS A WONDERFUL WORLD, INDEED, FOR THOSE WHO CAN SEE

CLEARLY OR, LACKING THIS, ARE ABLE

TO WALK BY FAITH.

"The Genius of Man—His Mind and Work"

by Dr. Avard Fairbanks.

Scientific knowledge has reached the smoke of battle cleared away and At the beginning of the twentieth an eminence unknown to our men looked at matters calmly, it becentury, Max Planck of Germany disforefathers. Unmatched material came apparent that nothing essential covered that Newton's laws just do

comforts are combined with a great had been lost. A lot of human not apply to atoms. In fact, atomic

understanding of the inner working philosophy disappeared, but it turned behavior is uncertain enough that of things. More impressive than out to be unnecessary. strict predestination of a person's

what we already know is the systemaSir Isaac Newton was deeply reactions, in the mathematical sense of tized methods of scientific investigaligious. The law of gravitation and Laplace, just isn't so. The probability

tion. The nation's scientific leaders the system of mechanics which bears of various acts of the individual could

mapped out a campaign to design and his name were interpreted by him as be calculated by a sufficiently good produce atomic and then hydrogen powerful new manifestations of the mathematician, but exact prediction bombs and each project has been cardivine order of things. To many, is out of the question. Some learned

ried through with utmost dispatch. Newton's findings have been a conphilosophers have thus felt that this

With each new discovery, the skeptic tinuing source of faith but, again, chapter in physics has a bearing on finds less need for God while the there were those who were skeptical. the problem of free will. Whether

devout Latterday Saint sees in it, Laplace, who worked out the first or not this is so, free will involves one more evidence of His overruling mathematical theory of physical additional questions. What is cerhand. creation, the nebular hypothesis, tain, however, is that scholars are conIt was ever so. The Bible speaks pointed out, probably correctly, that tinually learning more about the

of the four corners of the earth. In if the atoms of which a person is world we live in. In spite of this,

the time of Columbus, there were made, obeyed Newtonian mechanics, when they go beyond what they can those who thought a flat earth was a then a sufficiently expert mathematistrictly prove, they are just like the religious necessity. When it turned cian could predict each person's every rest of us. They are guessing. The

act. did Christ's Laplace thought teachingsout to and be round, everything scholars his moral is—believe the of the just as consistent time French duringwere work found to be yourself prove can strictly and suit

with the new view as with the old. Revolution, around the close of the about the rest. Their guesses, like

Later, when Galileo verified the eighteenth century and the beginning theories of Copernicus and said the of the nineteenth. All through the other peoples, are often right.

earth moved about the sun and so nineteenth century, many scholars There is another side to this quescould no longer be considered the believed in strict predestination since tion. As parents and teachers, we

center of creation, there were bigots a person's acts seemed strictly prepass on to our pupils our world picready to burn him at the stake. When dictable. ture. Part of this picture is religious,

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and part of it deals with the world religious experience, not susceptible The interpretation of history is anaround us. If we teach our pupils to controlled experiment, we can other avenue to faith. Paul, on the

some outmoded scientific notions separate it into at least two cateroad to Damascus, had an experience which fail to hold water when they gories. First, there are the direct which changed him abruptly from a

go on to the university, we run grave experiences of the individual, and bitter opponent of Christianity to risks. When our understudy sheds second, the evaluations of these experhaps its foremost living exponent.

the bad science, he may also throw periences by others. Paul was manifestly intelligent and

out some true religion, i.e., "throw To those who believe in an oversincere. Was he mistaken or was his

out the baby with the bath."The ruling Providence interested in the interpretation of the circumstances

solution is to avoid telling him the individual, it is selfevident that the correct one? Here one must inworld is flat too long after it has communications will be received terpret history. To agree with Paul

been proved round. In this connecwhenever it fits into His plans—not is to be deeply religious. Joseph

tion, I have never ceased to appreciate necessarily ours. Those with direct exSmith's experiences parallel those of

the fact that my parents, although deperience will find that the painstaking Paul in most essential points. The

vout, were never dogmatic. On a sifting of evidence, which is necessame problem of interpreting history

September evening in 1919, I was sary for their lessfavored brethren, arises. Again, to agree, is to find

helping my father with the last load is both dull and tedious. This direct that deepened religious meaning in

of hay before leaving in the morning awareness of the Creator is promised, all human experience.

to study mining engineering at the in the scriptures, to all those who live Preexistence, immortality, eternal

University of Arizona. He said, "Son, for it. Multitudes serenely anchor progression, universal brotherhood,

you don't have to accept anything their future on this certainty of an continuity of the family, continuing that isn't true to believe the gospel. overruling Providence. revelation, belief in a personal God,

Learn all you can. If you live clean Another avenue to religious faith and necessity of good works, as well

and are not profane, you will stay lies in the examination of evidence. as faith, are a few of the teachings of

close to the gospel. If you will do "By their fruits, ye shall know them"modern and New Testament times

these things, I'll be satisfied with the is a test to which the restored gospel which form the cornerstone on which result."This was just the right thing is daily subjected. The perfection of the good life has and will be erected

to say. its organization, the prophetic corby the faithful. To the believers,

At the present time, much is known rectness of the Word of Wisdom, the this kind of evidence, which goes about the makeup of the human humanity of the welfare plan, the beyond science, is overwhelming in body. It is composed of exactly the unmatched missionary system, its inits impact on their lives. To those

same kinds of atoms as make up comparable youth program, its unpaid who cannot see the way, the gospelearth, air, and water. It starts as a officers—all these bespeak the essenstill guarantees the right of dissent.

single cell, too small to see, and by tial soundness of an organization set This is a wonderful world, indeed, incorporating the molecules in foods, up during the thirtynine short years for those who can see clearly or, lackit grows to maturity and after death, of the life span of its founder. ing this, are able to walk by faith.

returns completely to the elements from which it was made. One can

study the chemistry of the living cell just as one studies the chemistry of sugar, flour, or water. The body is

a magnificent machine. The skeptic

says this is all there is to it. The "Faith Triumphant"

devout believer says yes, the body is by a wonderful machine, but this is only Dr. Avard Fairbanks

part of the story. Coupled with it is

an immortal spirit with a preexist- ence. The spirit dwells in the earthly

tabernacle as long as it is a fit abode, and at death, goes on its way. To

resolve this question, we must go beyond the methods of science. Science has nothing to say one way or

another about whether there is a spirit. This is simply to say that the

evidence lies outside of our present scientific knowledge. The scientist,

of course, being an ordinary human being, has his own particular estimate of the evidence, like anyone else. But for his opinion to have

special weight, he must qualify on other than strictly scientific grounds just as other people must.

If we try to classify that part of

MARCH 1954 147 theory that a certain Master of Justice, in scrolls as the the mentioned in the Essenes the of a sect of headNew Approaches to first century B. C, was the original

preChristian inspiration for the

Messiah idea. Yet the numerous andBOOK OF MORMON ubiquitous references to the Messiah

in the Old Testament as in the

Apocrypha claim to go back not onlyStudy to preChristian times, but far beyond the first century B. C. as well. So

by Dr. Hugh Nibley if DupontSommer will not tolerate

the business of glibly attributing

PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY whatever in those writings betrays a

Christological tone to "the interpolations of Christian copyists,"neither may he attribute the same passages

Part 5 to interpolations of men living after the Master of Justice. The Messianic

to belongs the oldest traditheme of three 36 33 tions in the world.Thehavegreatsteadfastlyargumentrefused,of thosein the whoface personsin the scrollsin theclearGodhead.indication

of a rising flood of evidence, to Years ago Hermann Gunkel pointed The bearing of this on the Book of accept the antiquity and authenticity out that a fullblown gospel of reMormon should be at once apparent.

of the new Scrolls, has been that the demption and atonement was in exThe words of an Alma, a Nephi, or language they contain is totally out istence among the preexilic Jews, a Hclaman are replete with "echoes of keeping with the language that but this claim, so jarring to the preof New Testament thought and should have been used by Jews of vailing schools of theology which phraseology,"just as the scrolls are;

such an early period. Here we have would only accept an evolutionary yet those prophets are all supposed

preChristian Jews talking like the pattern of slow and gradual developto have lived long before Christ. The

New Testament: "Echoes of New ment, was strenuously resisted by the New Testament flavor of so much of

Testament thought and phraseology experts. 34 The discovery of the the Book of Mormon has been unare clear in the Scrolls; especially Scrolls has changed all that: "Now til now the strongest single argument

associaapocalypticthose having that the given,"warning has been against its authenticity. Men trained

..."saystions J. H. Roberts. 31 But writes pasDupont-Sommer, "many in sectarian leaned seminaries have

"New Testament thought and phrasesages of the Old Testament itself back in their armchairs and pointed ology"have always been supposed at must be examined with a fresh eye. to Book of Mormon phrases that acdivinity schools to be the product of Everywhere there is a more or less cording to them could have come only

late evolution rathera gradual and explicit of question an Anointed a from a late One ChrisChristian—and have and community,of Christian the or of carried a vio- a prophet off by tian ergo, environment: Joseph—prein at all appearing businessno... "35 is It lent death. scholar's that Smith his had simply worked own

Christian Jewish texts! Christian language is familiar enough in old Jewish

apocalypses and other texts, but "hitherto perplexed exegetes faced with such texts have usually found in them the interpolations of Christian copyists. But now... thanks to the

Hahakkuk Commentary (one of the scrolls), such excisions which could formerly be understood are now no longer to be tolerated; these 'ChristologicaP passages, taken as a whole,

henceforth seem to be of the greatest worth, and to continue to reject them without examination as being of

Christian origin would appear to be contrary to all sound method."32 The

author of these words notes that "it is now certain—and this is one of the

most important revelations of the

Dead Sea discoveries—that Judaism

in the first century B.C. saw a whole

theology of the suffering Messiah, of a Messiah who should be the redeemer of the world."We even find Port Said, one of the gateways to the Middle East.

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The River Jordan, in Palestine. It was in

caves in country such as this that the Dead Sea Scrolls were discovered.

religious conceptions into the book, was written by an uneducated Jew It is because it has been judged in grossly ignorant as he was of the crass of the Middle Ages."18 How strangethe light of certain fundamental preanachronisms they represented. An ly like the conventional criticism of conceptions about the nature of Jewexcellent example of this type of the Book of Mormon this reads! ish and Christian history that the

criticism appeared quite recently in Yet here we have to do with texts Book of Mormon has been held to the leading Jewish newspaper, Vorwhich the ablest scholars of our time be a mass of crude anachronisms. Towaerts. Speaking of the Book of Morhave declared to be not only genuine, day the finding of the Scrolls shows

mon, a critic writes: but also the most important discovery these fundamental preconceptions to

ever made in Biblical archaeology! have been quite false: "Everything is

is It citations of full the from Old is writes possible changed,"disagreement DupontSom- such now and How

.. small Testaments. number. TheNew relative problems mer, doctors of so in the face "and all the the among

of tried the to read book people have who declare that it is dreadfully dull; in it are much evidence? Paul Kahle has disto primitive Christianity—problems

found quotations from Shakespeare and coursed at length on the incredible earnestly examined for so many

is of the poets. oneother English That these problems henceself-will of the best stubbornness and centuries—all

book. things the Accomical aboutvery forth find themselves placed in a new religious scholars they up make when is it itself, in written to the bookcording

the Egyptian language of some thousands of their minds on a subject. One exlight, which forces us to reconsider

years ago; yet in it are cited excerpts from pert now decides that the Scrolls them completely.... It is not a

the New Testament, a much later docuare a Kurdish production of the single revolution in the study of bibliment, or from wholly modern poets.37 twelfth century A.D. ay On what does cal exegesis which the Dead Sea docuWe shall deal with Shakespeare he base this remarkable deduction? ments have brought about; it is, one

of whole cascade a already feels, of literary style! details certain On English "otherpresently. for the As

43 a leading Recently evidence, of the other such revolutions."But what secret a identity remainspoets,"their

locked in the bosom of the editors of as the fact that "not a single medieval English liberal clergyman has dethe to support in order that exhibits as clared the manuscript same script "reformed EgypSinceVorwaerts.

his felignored. viewpoints he and is simply the Scrolls"? accepted 40 That after written longtian"was being

New Testament times, the charges of The scholars who maintain that the lows have been under constant strain anachronism on linguistic grounds are Scrolls are medieval "accord prefer- "of having to contort his (Christ's) worthless. But the basic issue is one ential treatment to the evidence supmessage, ignoring a considerable por-

... literary and linguistion of it and making unwarrantedwhich is being fought out furiously plied by the

today, and the apple of discord is not tic relations between the Scrolls"and deductions from other parts, to suit the Book of Mormon but the Scrolls. other medieval documents, according our preconceptions"; the confession

That New Testament language and to Teicher, while on the other hand of this folly and the acceptance of thought cannot possibly have been "the archaeologists and palaeograliteral interpretations in place of what familiar to the ancient Jews is a phers... set their feet on what they he calls the "liberal, ameliorist, sofiercely defended axiom in some consider to be the firm ground of their cialgospel"view, "gives a sense of

schools. Less than a year ago Solopalaeographic and archaeological evirelief, of illumination, of enlargemon Zeitlin declared of the Scrolls, dence and reject airily the literary ment."44

"The entire story of the discovery and linguistic evidence."41 As an ilSuch changing points of view,

may be a hoax,"and even if it were lustration, "to maintain, as Dr. Weis largely the result of the new discovnot, still the Scrolls "have no value does, that 'the examination of the eries, are very significant for Book of

for the history of the Jewish people, Habakkuk Scroll suggests that it was Mormon study. Their immediate reof the development of their ideas, or written about the year 1096 by sult is to show for the first time on

literature, or language. The socalled an Isawite or a Judganite,'is, in view what extremely flimsy groundwork

Manual of Discipline is a conglomeraof the archaeological and palaeologicriticism of the Book of Mormon has tion of words. The Hebrew text cal evidence alone, simply imposrested in the past. Recently the

makes no sense... it undoubtedly sible."42 (Continued on following page)

MARCH 1954 149 NEW APPROACHES TO BOOK OF MORMON STUDY (Continued from preceding page) salem of 600 B.C. Now there is much of the Lord, and thereby incurring

writer has been taken to task for to indicate that that period was one the mockery, wrath, and persecution dealing somewhat roughly with the of those times when great emphasis of the society as a whole, under the conventional commentators on Ezekwas being laid on the Messianic docleadership of conservative priests. 54

iel. It is therefore with considerable trine. 49 One leaving Jerusalem at This situation is indicated in the

complacency that he can now point that time would take with him a Scrolls and also in the Lachish letto W. A. Irwin's very recent study on powerfully prophetic religion, undamters, which are contemporaneous with

Ezekiel research between 1943 and aged by the centuries of learned exLehi. 55 It is tersely and finely de1953, in which that scholar after a position and rationalization which scribed in the Book of Mormon as

thorough investigation can announce were to make the Jewish religion a well: "Our father Lehi was driven

that in spite of the diligence and numproduct of schools and committees. 5 "out of Jerusalem because he testified

ber of the researchers, "not a single The whole treatment of the Mesof these things. Nephi also testischolar has succeeded in convincing sianic tradition and the mission of fied of these things, and also almost

his colleagues of the finality of his Israel in the Book of Mormon is of a all of our fathers, even down to this analysis of so much as one passage!"45 piece not with the demonstrations and time; yea, they have testified of the

Though the experts propound wildly sententiae of the doctors nor with coming of Christ, and have looked varying views—some having Ezekiel the flights of the mystics, but with forward, and have rejoiced in his

flourishing in Palestine in 400 B.C., the systematic and traditional expoday which is to come."(Helaman

while Messel dates his call, with sition which we find in the Scrolls 8:22.) Here we are told that the

great exactness at 593 B.C.—none of and Apocrypha. Both in the Old situation in the Old World persisted

them bothers to submit the evidence World and the New we are led into in the New World, and what the for his claims: "It is unfortunate,"a pool of common ideas and terms Book of Mormon describes—pious

says Irwin, after a careful survey of centering about the Messianic conseparatist groups living in a religion the whole field, "that none of these cept. of expectation, suffering persecution

scholars argued his position. We "In every age,"writes Guerrier, and moving into the "wilderness"

concede readily that they had weighty discussing parallels in early Christian from time to time under inspired reasons for their views, but as matters papyri, "and especially where releaders, who often visit royal courts stand, they have given only opinions, ligious matter is concerned, there has and cities on dangerous missionary when the situation cries aloud for circulated in a more or less extensive assignments—is precisely the picture

closethat of evidence is beginning to emerge in theassembling and for (of area the certain East) a Near

Ezekiel 6 Everyknit argument."* World. of ideas formulas, fund exact or Old and

scholar, according to Irwin, follows inexact, which have been employed With the finding of the Scrolls "the method that is far too frequent everywhere, and it is not always easy it becomes apparent that large secin Old Testament criticism, that of to discover their origin."As a result, tions of the Book of Mormon (e.g.,

presenting a plausible story as final he says, we find parallels everywhere, in Jacob, Alma, Helaman, etc.)

evidence in a case, when in reality without being able to trace them to are actually specimens of a very peit is not evidence at all."47 The reany single doctrine or document as a culiar literary style that would be

sult of this is that "as soon as one source; for example, the Testament of exceedingly difficult to forge at any

pushes beyond the general admission the Twelve Patriarchs, though pretime. It is still too early for a definiof spurious matter in the book, and Christian and nonChristian, is tive study of the problem, and the

seeks to identify it, he is at once thoroughly typical of genuine early whole question of ancient nonBiblical plunged into confusion and chaos not Christian writing. 51 We need not be literary types in the Book of Mormon has scratched. hardly the been But these relieved through whitone if years. surprised striking ideas but common

first step in investigation has such anStill emergthere worse, is no clearly to cannot be their sources, run down ing recognition of a sound method by for from the very beginning borrowalready been made by capable researchers to exattempted have who this problem. assault to primewhich ing has general universal been and

of pose the as typical a Book Mormon his goes way, and scholarEvery own as in the East: "as soon a book was fabrication. American modern Now predilection his private toaccording... its life completed, ended. There

it takes to great genius discover no is is genuine whatchooses and what in idea of no those times was authorfirst that of the apBook Mormon figure the in book; thesecondary and propship nobody's a was book... in peared in western York the New 52 still in dwell Ezekiel ofand work It erty. to everyone."belonged

is early nineteenth that century: a

expect darkness."48thick we Can far ancient than Texts more quantity. the given literary the What

to enjoy unthe Book of Mormon Scrolls, underread with a new now savant that us is it is a must show prejudiced and objective criticism standing, show us how all through typical production of its environment such treatment is accorded thewhen ages the and even the same ideas there other were many, many—thatBible? curexpressions the have been same just writings of like the Book Morin rent "Christological"regard elements with to an expected MesAny in being of the produced mon world

siah. 53 in particular there havethe have taken But Book of Mormon must is Smith. too If that Joseph asking

their rise not merely in preChristian always been special groups of pious much, let the experts furnish but one times; but in 'that world to which the people, separating themselves from other example of such a book. It will

Nephites must ultimately trace all the main body of Israel to prepare in not do merely to point to any text their Israelitish traditions, the Jeru- a most particular way for the coming (Continued on page 170) 150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that he was to be the first of only two Koreans to embrace the beloved gospel; but now—in answer to hope

and prayer—one of his sons and one

of his daughters have taken that momentous stride.

Dr. Kim let his mind flash back to

that period of time, many years ago, before he, himself, had embraced the gospel. He remembered that he

had been born into the Confucionist religion in North Pyung An Province,

Korea. His education had begun in

Korea, then continued in Japan, and later, much farther away from home.

From early boyhood he had been seeking the truth. In his search he

had engaged in the Korean originated religion, "Chun Do Kyo,"and later had he both in them Buddhism—but from his family Dr. Jik and Kim, Ho seekwas truth he failed to find the Pilgun right: Mrs. Kim, Sook Kim, Jung Dr. Kim—holdingPusan, Korea.Miss(Front,YoungleftSook.to

Standing, left to right, Tai Whan and Shin Whan.) ing. Then came the Christian religion; in 1925 he had embraced and

been baptized into the Presbyterian

Church, serving as an elder for a he more once of time. But period

in "Suffer it to Be So Now"been to have search found his vain, for again his spiritual requireby Paul H. Maxwell ments were not fulfilled. Following

these disappointments, Dr. Kim had

resolved to journey to the United

States with dual purpose: to seek out

young men have been called As Dr. Ho Jik Kim witnessed this the "real religion"—the one thatOurinto the service of our country, humble event, his bosom filled with would satisfy his conscience, and to

directly from their schools. pride and thanksgiving; today two

Many ol these have been unable to of his beloved children had gone renew his knowledge on the science fill the longtime desires of their down into the waters of baptism. of nutrition.

is how he had journeyedhearts—to fill a mission for the This is what he had hoped and Yes, that

Church. Others have found themprayed for, earnestly, for a long time to America where he had attended

selves in uniforms a few days after now. For a long time it had seemed (Continued on following page)

their release from the mission fields of the Church. These boys have

found new joys as they have joined

LDS servicemen's groups and kept active in Church work. Some of the

groups have found themselves in parts of the world where the restored gospel has never been successfully preached. This is such a story:

Korea, and four converts that were baptized through the efforts of one servicemen's group. It is the story,

too, of Dr. Ho Jik Kim, who was

baptized while pursuing graduate studies in the United States.

A baptismal service was held in

Korea. The four candidates for baptism were one of Dr. Kim's sons,

Tai Whan Kim, and one of his daughters, Young Sook Kim, and

Mrs. Han and one of her daughters,

Sung Ja Lee. Later in the day a

testimony and confirmation meeting L.D.S. group leaders: left to right, Elder Franklin K. Buchanan, 2nd counselor; Elder

was held. Ralph D. Erickson, group leader, center; Elder Howard W. Bradshaw, 1st counselor, right.

MARCH 1954 151—U. S. Army Protograph

The above group represents those present at Songdo Beach on a Sabbath morning. Service personnel

are identified as Follows: Front row, left to right: Chaplain (1st Lt.) Ross L. Covington, Logan, Utah. Elder

(Sgt.) Ralph O. Erickson, Deseret, Utah, and Elder (Cpl.) Howard W. Bradshaw, Beaver, Utah. Standing: 1.

to r.: Elder (Cpl.) Jesard Morrise, Seattle, Wash. Back Row: Elder (Cpl.) Robert L. Ellis, Ogden, Utah; Elder

(1st Lt.) Paul H. Maxwell, Paul, Idaho; and Elder (Cpl.) Franklin K. Buchanan, Watsonville, California.

(Continued from preceding page) of war, he had prayed earnestly to She studied, she prayed—and

Cornell University in Ithaca, New God for inspiration, guidance, and emerged from the waters of baptism

York, in 1951, later receiving a Ph.D. help in restoring order from chaos. with great joy radiating throughout

in nutrition. A few short months later, at a parenther being. Could it possibly be that

During his search for truth in teachers festivity given in his honor this was the same person who apAmerica, he had attended meetings by the faculty, and when praised for proached him a few short months of many religious denominations, the miracle he had performed in before with such great despair? As

seeking spiritual satisfaction. In this such a short period of time in transDr. Kim observed her now, he wonsearch he had been attracted to the forming almost nothing into an addered what her thoughts were—and

Mormon religion through a good mirable, efficient, and completely rethe thoughts of one of her daughters, friend and member of the Church activated college, he had replied: Sung Ja Lee, who had been baptized

of Jesus Christ—Oliver Wayman. "I cannot accept any of the credit to this day also.

Brother Wayman's habits, personalmyself. It all belongs to God. I As though anticipating his thoughts,

ity, and faith invited inquiry. Here could not have performed this of mySister Han, in essence, replied: "Towas a man who did not use liself. I asked of God, and he is the day is surely the greatest day in my

quor, tobacco, or indulge in worldly one that accomplished the unbelievlife. I am very happy. A short time

things. able."ago I was so full of despair—but toSoon converted, Dr. Kim had been day I am filled with great joy. The

baptized and confirmed in Ithaca, Characteristically, there was the hope of everlasting life is in my bosom

New York, ordained a deacon on desire to share the "glad tidings"with and all because of the gospel of Jesus

August 5, 1951, and a priest on others, and when a former pupil, Christ. I am very glad I have found

August 26, 1951. Mrs. Han, came and confided that she the Mormon Church."

Returning to his native Korea in was on the brink of despair, he anAs Dr. Kim's son, Tai Whan Kim,

September 1951, he had assumed swered: "Dear sister, I know of a scholar and teacher, emerged from the

and now held the office of president gospel—a wonderful gospel—capable waters of baptism, his countenance

of the National Fisheries College in of giving you new hope, new life. shone with serenity. For him, this

Pusan, Korea. Here God's love and If you will study it and pray to God, was a glorious finale; a peaceful and

blessing had been made manifest. I will promise you these things: happy climax to his testimony, his

Assuming control of a defunct eduhealth, happiness, joy, and a desire faith, his prayers, his hope.

cational institution, inactive because to help others find those things, too."(Continued on page 206)

152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE NEW YMMIA LEADERSHIP PROGRAM

PLACES ADDED EMPHASIS ON

The Worth of a Boy

by Elder Mark E. Petersen

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

pear on the rolls of the various ormembers and to discuss any personal ganizations but also of every youth problems the boy may have, the class who is a potential member of those leader is to have an individual interorganizations. To aid leaders of the view with each attending class memYoung Men's Mutual Improvement ber once a year. Once a month the

Association fulfil this responsibility MIA ward superintendent, his agemore adequately, a new leadership group assistant, and the class leader program is being established. Under will meet with the bishop in the first

the program every boy or young man part of the regular Aaronic Priesthood between the ages of twelve and leadership meeting. Following this

Be estwassononlyof aJesseshepherdthe Bethlehemite,boy, youngtwenty-five,active, living whetherin the wardactive ororawayinmeetingand go throughthe MIAtheleadersroll bookswill tomeetsee but the Lord appointed him in from the ward, is to be accounted for. if the class leader needs any special

his early youth to become king over Monthly personal visits or contacts help.

the lineage hisIsrael. Through leader, realizing that are every with to be he boy The class made—in estimate canSavior was born. Who is active, unless at class if true leader be a the boy he home if cannotthe worth of a boy? is

He was just a boy fourteen years he Tois not.stimulate perfect attendance, to atimesgoodshowLatterdaythe boys Saint,the way,willthroughat all

of the Son Father the age, but and become better acquainted with class {Concluded on following page) to to answerappeared and in him his prayer called him to be the instrument through which the Church of Jesus Christ would be reestab- lished on the earth. How much was

the life of the boy Joseph Smith worth to mankind?

In the Church today there are probably 140,000 to 150,000 boys between the ages of twelve and twentyfive. They cannot all be kings or

prophets, but among them are our future leaders—General Authorities,

stake presidents, bishops, counselors, high councilmen, priesthood quorum heads, and auxiliary leaders and teachers. Given the right training

and opportunity, each of those boys is a potential leader and pillar of strength for the Church, a potential head of a faithful Latterday Saint family. The loss of one boy from

the fold of Christ today may mean the loss of hundreds in future generations.

Leaders of youth in the Church are charged with the responsibility of caring for the welfare of not only Leaders of youth in the Church are charged with the welfare of every young person the young people whose names apwhose name appears on the ward records.

MARCH 1954 153 The Worth of a Boy

(Concluded from preceding page) his own life. He will live the

standards of the Church. He will

attend his meetings.

Let's see how the program will operate in some actual situations.

Two boys in the Third Ward, Jim and Bob, turned twelve the first of the month. Both of their names were

promptly placed in the permanent

MIA roll book as well as in the class roll book. Jim was out to MIA the

first week after his birthday and has not missed since. Bob, on the other

hand, failed to come. The scoutmaster, feeling as much responsibility

for Bob as for Jim, had his enlistment committee as well as Bob's closest friends urge him to attend. In addition, he made a personal visit to

Bob's home to talk to him and his parents. Bob has promised to give

doesn't try a If he next week.MIA

leadership the Under new program, monthly visits and contacts are being made with will scoutmaster thecome, make class boy, in or sure each at his home.

that he is still communicated with at least in person once a month, or by 3. interview once individual an Holds class leader as the Junior Men M toletter. he does come out When of attending each year with member of it, learned he had Val's name a

meeting, the scoutmaster is deterplaced on the roll books. Along with the class.

mined to hold him through interestthe chairman of his enlistment com- 4. Leads an exemplary life with reof to standards the spect to adhering class activities lessons.ing and in his mittee, he visited home, him sacraat attendance the and Church re- a Junior Val was who Man M class enthusiastically the talked about atpriesthood meetings and and mentcently into the ward. moved As soon lessons that given the were being and of his least seventyfive percent at tends

activities that were being held and MIA meetings.

urged him to come out to MIA.

If Val has not responded by the A specially designed pin will be second month, the class leader will available for a leader who earns three visit him again, meanwhile seeking of these certificates. In addition, once

further aid from the bishop and the each year each stake in the Church

MIA officers. Until Val starts commay select one ward class leader

ing to MIA, the class leader will from among those receiving the award seek ways of reaching him. If he for a special award known as A Discomes to priesthood meeting, to sacratinguished Leadership Recognition

ment meeting, or to Sunday School, Award. This award is intended for

the leader will be there to help make those who have gone the extra mile him welcome. in consecrated service. The class

leader selected must be the unanimous

LASS LEADERS throughout the choice of ward and stake superin- C tendents. the following Church who meet

standards for this program as set up From the winners of the Disby the general board may be given tinguished Leadership Recognition each year a special award in the Award some will be selected on occaform of a leadership recognition sions by the general board from the certificate, if each leader: field of the entire Church to be given

special honor at June conference.

1. Sees that the name of every poThrough honoring leaders and entential member of his class is on the couraging them in every way to do

roll books. The class leaders will be their job, it is hoped that MIA workresponsible for every person whose ers throughout the Church will give

rolls. is on these name better service to the boys and young

personal visit 2. Makes a monthly

or establishes contact with each person men of the Church and will dedicate whose name appears on the class roll their lives to making sure that each and who has not attended during the boy is given every encouragement to month. do his duty in the Church.

154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA So it is with human lives. Difficulty and disappointments, met with

determination and trust and faith in the God of heaven, help to build strength. When sorrow and hardship develop in a person compassion

and sympathy for others in trouble, they bring a richness into life that can never come to the individual who does not have to fight or suffer.

Our beloved Lincoln came not to his high place as chief executive by traveling a secure and sunny path.

He was forced to fight against poverty, criticism, and difficult situations. Yet

with all these adversities and troubles he kept his poise and balance. His

head was high, and his heart was right. In his kindliness he reached a

helping hand to human sufferers and to bird and beast in distress. His

name stands today among the great of earth's sons.

Our own revered prophet of the restoration, Joseph Smith, received strength and power for his great mission through the things which he suffered. He was an innocent sufferer

in consequence of malicious slander, drivings, and mobbings. These

reached their climax in many unfair court trials, resulting in his incarceration in filthy prison cells and in his martyrdom.

Our Lord brought light through him into a darkened world. The

gospel of Jesus Christ revealed anew—Photo bu Malak in its fulness through this young

prophet is a true philosophy of life

Passing through the temple grounds Many struggling souls almost overwhich teaches man to become like on a spring morning several years come with adversity and tribulation the Master, the Savior of men. Obediago I noticed a peculiar sight. In receive strength and power, if, like ence to its requirements will yield a

a plot of blooming tulips the foliage the tulips they reach upward for fruitage of eternal happiness. It is

of the plants was almost entirely help. the one and only thing that can bring

covered with heavy, wet snow of the The trees of the forest that contend real peace to the individual, to the evening before. In spite of this unand labor hardest against the elehome, and to the nations of the earth.

usual condition and the almost freezments of cold and storm and wind, Real men, like tulips, when destrucing temperature of the past night, the thrust their roots deeper into the soil tive elements seek to overwhelm, raise blossoms tipping the slender stems and attain greater strength than their their heads and their hearts high as raised their heads erect and unafraid, comrades of the more secluded and they give their strength to fight for opening their petals like a radiant protected nooks. right.

smile to greet the glorious morning sun.

The sight was so strange that a serious thought filled my very soul.

How like some lives! How like my

own life during the early years ofmy widowhood—difficulties, hard COURAGE

work, and denials of needed comforts for my small children! A life almost by Ellen Redd Brynersubmerged and overwhelmed, yet I

tried to hold up my head and struggle to grasp every glimmer of sunshine that came my way.

MARCH 1954 155 The PEACE at RED MOTH by Gladys Stewart Bennion

agoold Indian m parks from / B fires, fanned into flame by *—long ago dead winds, had

burned off the vast expanse of sunbroiled sagebrush, leaving in the rootclogged valley space for tiny log cabins that rose leisurely from the wasteland. Long ago the signal fire

had lost its significance, and the picturesque native..had retreated

farther into silence. Only occasionally now a lone Indian found his way

across the sunflowered landscape that fringed the desert. His blanket was

drawn closely about him. His pony,

moving cautiously across the stretch of rabbit brush, had a timid, fearful tread. Sometimes at sunset there

came the latent rhythm of horses'hoofbeats whisking through the dark or the thud of heavy moccasined feet of a squaw who carried on her back a papoose in his tickenagon.

Nestled in the valley, haunted once by the coppery natives, was a piothroughSometimesthe dark.at sunset there came the latent rhythm of horses'hoofbeats whisking

neer village. Lights from its scattered

farmhouse windows gleamed a welcome to the weary jerkline freighter, to cling while he gazed out upon his teacher of the village school and to as he turned for rest from the main world, his by divine right, left him by little Nora Everett, daughter of road into the tiny settlement, hedged the Creator, usurped by the grasping Chauncey Everett, leading figure in in on the west by worm fences and hand of the white man of the plain. the village. He recalled the delighted

walled up on the east by the adamanBarry loved the prairie unfolding group of children who longed to tine masonry of the Rockies. before him until it touched the horilearn from him the dances of the

Here Barry Red Moth was born, zon beyond a necklace of hills on Indians which were part of his rich bringing with him the brooding spirit the *far rim of the Great Salt Lake. inheritance. He had a perfect body,

of his people. Here he first peeped Here it was that he turned over in straight and sinewy, and he enjoyed

up into the black eyes of his squarehis mind the years that closed one the envying gaze of the little tosi faced mother, who smothered his upon another, until he was left grownpompies who stood admiringly watchevery whimper in the folds of her up. ing him.

crimson blanket. Here he grew up, He recalled his childhood, when He was a striking example to the

enjoying the wide sheath of prairie he had helped to dig his mother's people of the village, as essential to stretching ever westward; here he grave. He remembered his schooltheir welfare as the mountain streams

sought in the rocky terraces of the days when his father led him by the that irrigated their crops. He was

mountains some lone crag upon which hand and introduced him to the white tall and strong and vibrant, with 156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA keen black eyes that sparkled with did not quite comprehend the intimaBarry had loved Nora in secret since a kind of sullen merriment; a man tions that Everett made, and his mind childhood. Now that things had

whose presence on horseback or was troubled. changed and he was going to college,

walking beside a roadway caused the Barry was a substantial figure in he would tell her of his love.

stranger to look twice and marvel at the community, he knew that. It His soul welled up through his

his easy pose in the saddle and the was he who had struggled through emotions. He would make his derhythmic swing of his strong young the drifted snow to the tiny church cision now and tell her of his love,

shoulders. He would touch his foreon the hill. It was he who stood of his ambitions, and when he rehead with an unusual kind of salute with his bronzed arms bare, chopping turned successful, he would ask her

and step deeper into the weeds and wood to "heatup"for a funeral, or to consider him favorably as her let the stranger pass him by. dig the frostbound earth for a grave. own.

He felt extreme pride in his auburn It was he who balanced himself on It was a perfect night. Myriads of

hair and often stood to let the rays the topmost rung of a ladder to stars swam about in the icy heavens.

of the setting sun fall upon it, holddecorate the little meetinghouse for Barry walked briskly toward the light ing his wide hat brim folded over his a carnival or a bazaar, or to trim the that beckoned.

fingers; for, although his mother was tallest pine he could find for the Across the open prairie white with

Wanotoma, a Shoshone Indian, Christmas festival. Of course they snow he moved, breathing audibly

Barry, Sr., was his father. Barry's would miss himl as he walked. Every footfall echoed

hair was identical to his father's, but Everett had once said, possibly into silence. Every creak of his

the obsidian glint in young Barry's Carlisle would admit him, but Barry heavy boots on some frostcrisped eyes belonged only to the Indians. wondered why not Yale or Princebridge stirred him to hope. He

From the earliest days of pioton. He was troubled. Thoughtfully hastened up the lane, along the irneering, Chauncey Everett had taken he ran his fingers through his hair rigation canal, a project of his brain

a great fancy to young Barry, whose recalling the name his Indian mother which his own hands had helped indelible personality had stamped ithad given him, Unka Wanta, Red to fashion.

self red hovers Inherent him. always Moth; upon in young man who Intuitively have Nora must guessed

whites.Barry tribal all the were near the cumulative 'was He mostly his errand, for she the came down

traditions of his race, modernized white, he would attend a white man's snowy path to greet him and wish and stabilized by Everett, and the school. him Godspeed and success in his

transitional state of the young halfHe was sorting out his few becollege studies.

breed's mind was most promising. longings, precious books, among Together they entered the cozy

Everett gave him the keys to the which were a Bible and the handEverett kitchen. The Indian reached

belief. father's of his religious little book in the meetingbook cupboards into a woodbox and pushed a huge

floor the beside him a candle on the hill,house it was and there, On pine knot, dripping resin, with into with these friends, that the young flickered, and he watched a huge the four -hole range.

Indian worshiped and yearned for white moth fly so close to the flame

He bent forward in Everett's oldnew contacts and a bigger world. that it scorched its filmy wings and

After the death of his mother, Barry lay writhing in the hot tallow beside armchair, calicocushioned overseat and backrest. Nora sat perched uponand his father had been almost inthe wick. Barry thought again of

separable, but his thoughts and inhis Indian name. Then with a a giant cedar stump her father had

terests turned always toward Nora. characteristic shrug he blew out the brought in to dry out for firewood.

The older man had urged his son light. Her hands were clasped Puritan

to keep to the plow handles, but Over the snow a gleam penetrated fashion over her knees, as smilingly

Barry's desires soared far above the the sudden dark of Barry's attic she looked up into the eager face great clods that struck a hollow note room. It was from Everett's home. that looked down at her.

against his heart as he followed the Nora lived there, charming daughter Barry's approach to Nora was sigponderous team of grays, nor was he of Chauncey Everett, leading figure nificant of the beautiful philosophy interested in his father's sheep. He in the territory soon to become a state. (Continued on following page)

wanted greater things.

Then with the passing of his father, Barry neglected both the plow and the sheep. At first he did not

realize that his big moment was at hand. He knew Everett's sons were

in Ann Arbor and Princeton. He,

too, would go there. He learned

from Everett that his father's farmland was valuable, and there was money left him in the village bank.

He could go to college if Mr. Everett

would assist, him, tell him just how to prepare.

He was surprised at the reluctance of his good friend Everett to help him when college was mentioned. He

MARCH 1954 157 THE PEACE OF RED MOTH

(Continued from preceding page) grave. Baring his head and folding into the night where a few dingy

of his mother's race, but his disaphis arms, he stood there. shapes sauntered moodily by.

pointment was overwhelming when he "It was you, my mother, you! Why Barry Red Moth looked into his

learned of Nora's recent betrothal did you put the blood of an Indian wife's face. He did not stir, he

to Martin Hale, young doctor in the in the veins of a white man? Why seemed tense at the words she had

little village, yet somehow he could did you give me a heart of white, spoken.

not bring himself to a realization of and a red man's soul? You were red, "Peace, peace, God grant it may be

the fact; so he stayed on. my mother, and I of you, so I will so, Nanon. Do you know why I

The stove had burned itself out. A go back to your people, back where came here, do you? Do you know

honeycomb of frosty lace curtained I belong. I shall never accomplish anything? Can't you understand my

the narrow windowpanes as Barry the many things I longed for and duties? Besides, I want that boy

finally bade farewell and stumbled dreamed of. I shall never marrv to have a chance, a chance, do you

out into the darkness. Inevitable Noral"hear? I want him to be a leader in

anguish swept him on. Indian fire Slowly he turned away, the silent the struggle for peace and good will

burned in his blood, revenge was in gray of the following evening brought toward men!"

the chief these remarks With home. him out the sought had He hishis garheart, about and heavy

left! the behind door and banged him granite in niche the Rockies and had that unalterable weird and wasment

his in council Lights chamber to the prayed Spirit for Great wisdom. in that Innuttersantiquity only an

frost the enthrough dimly burned returning, Barry a Upon found blanket. indescribabledian's For an to trying panes, vainly cumbered letter It awaiting him. the from was back.second, looked turned Barry and of the blackness thick the penetrate to Church. as a go was missionary He in the standing open wasNora lay sky. a landscape white winter The his of father's faith his to mother'skitchen shielding the doorway, from stretch before him, enameled cameoed people.bitter a tiny flame, candle while wind lodges carved through Indian with his Barry So father's and Bible wentits lighted in on, Barry mellow glow there darkness. the Here and of lives out the of the in people that blackestthe night ever he had figures skulked strange loomed and up settlement.

1 forever her fromknown, away across the crusted the toward snow

As the Indian trudged on through HThe silent calendar of unnumbered semblance of light, beacon of the the snow, memories rushed towards days went by, months and even council chamber of the chief. There

him, the unforgettable traditions of years. The village had disappeared were ugly mutterings as they passed

his mother's tribesmen! The death with all its arid acres from his mind. inside, and the pine door closed after

dances, the spell of the blinking owls, The roar of the Shoshone Falls hung them. They stamped the snow from

the return of the silver eagle in ansilenced by a cataract of ice, the night their boots and morosely, with marked swer to a prayer, all these and many wind rattled through the frozen disapproval on their halfhidden more. He remembered them all, Montana grasses. countenances, slumped down in their

and -the niches in the granite cliffs Nanon, Red Moth's Indian wife, seats. With indifference and hate

in the canyons where the old chiefturned sharply as her chief closed they sullenly awaited arrival of their tains would fast and pray. Gradually the Bible and fastened the clasp. chief; not of the tribe, but of the

they all came back to him as he "It's easy you to read Him, Red council, Chief Red Moth.

swung forward with the ease and Moth, but more hard to believe. There Minutes glided by before the tall,

grace of a trained athlete, but with is much danger brewing; much war! broadshouldered fellow cast his

Slowly, the snow. on thata heart shadow sank within him. I don't faith have in Christian God,

forswinging came, thoughtfully he so much I do filled air I like my own; with was quick The movSky my

elashis old accustomed ward with Father, Earth as mying Mother, sounds on. Barry the and went Soon

he found himself peering through Whispering Spirits of the winged ticity, his hands across his breast, his the window of a farmhouse on the things. I can't see why you bring chin buried deep in the collar of

far edge of the village. His hunting your book God here, among us. his coat, his auburn graying head

sparkling his with eyes bare, an but didn't stay you in back Whyknife your in already was open his hand, fire, his strong forehead Indian's and country with your white peoples? hisand raced thumb up and down air. freezing lodge butting the The send You our to papoose white its keen, cold blade. man

of streak a and open door swung school! people don't forgive My Barry hadn't stopped to consider gloom. in the light a warning shot you, Red Moth, nor didn't do I. You

that Dr. Hale might to be away closer red crowded men The on some want be big Indian, him Shoshone

urgent case. It was his Indian blood Chief, maybe! He will never come their chief, with grunts and underthat burned in his veins; it had back to Shoshone, never! As for tones, drawing closer to the red hot

drawn him from his course. Then your Christian King, you can't bring stove at the far end of the lodge.

suddenly remembering, he turned him here among us; among those, Chief Red Moth was annoyed and

abruptly and sought the pathless seel"angered. He had failed to make the

drifts to a lonely spot near the meetThe Indian woman shook her flat slightest impression upon them. With

inghouse on the hill. A slight elevashell earrings, a gift of a Cherokee powerful emphasis he called them to

tion in the snow formed a mound. A friend. She had slumped back in order, speaking to them of peace. He

rough wooden slab stood upright her old ways in spite of Barry Red reprimanded them for leaving their casting a pale shadow behind it. The Moth's efforts to teach her, and farm implements unsheltered, to rust;

nameless board marked his mother's now pointed with her thick thumb out (Continued on page 190) 158 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SOME FOODS ARE DRUGGED by Guy P. Stevens

SUPERVISOR OP DAIRYING UTAH STATE DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Theis notpracticenew. ofManyadulteratinginstances foodsof it Dr.groupHarveyof healthyW. Wileyyoungorganizedmen intoa senWithwastheappointedexceptionto decideof benzoicthe issue.acid

are recorded in ancient records what was known as the "poison and its salts, the "Remsen Board"and down through time to today. squad."These young men were fed agreed that all the other substances

Many of these substances were and small quantities of the questionable were more or less harmful to the huare known to be poisonous and harmchemicals in their foods. Their body man body. Official action at that

ful to the human body. The effect of discharges were checked exhaustively, time resulted in the practical eliminasome of them on humans has not yet and the young men were examined tion of all the objectionable chemicals

been determined. daily by a qualified physician. in foods except the benzoates and

It is universally recognized that sulphur dioxide.

substances of known and definitely In Dr. Wiley's "poison squad"expoisonous nature should not be used periments, sulphur dioxide was listed

in foods—but an increasing number What Can You Do as a "deleterious substance,"and no

of "borderline"substances are being To Protect Yourself exception was made by the "Remsen put into the nation's foods. "BorderAgainst Adulterated Foods? Board,"but the dried fruit industry

it without operate insisted could not called besubstances areline"such presence the Read labels—the

as a preservative. dioxide sulphur of experidefinite there is lackcause is declared substances of such

mental results to prove them violently on the label. Therefore, in 1912 a high official of

poisonous to consumers or because Buy foods which are free from the Department of Agriculture perfruit driers to use sulphursufficient time has not elapsed in chemicalssuch preservativeswhenever andpossible.added mitted the

which to determine the longterm efTell your grocer that you predioxide. A tentative maximum was

fect of them on human beings. fer foods which do not contain set at 250 parts of sulphur dioxide

Many food control officials have such substances. per million parts of fruit. This tolerfood officials any Report to exceeded, and immediately erancefelt for was something; that time some

violations oboutstanding you dried fruits in our marfind better to protect today we the beshould done the serve.

unsuspecting food consumers against Let's keep the foods of man kets containing as much as 3500 parts these more or less poisonous and as wholesome and healthful as per million.

deleterious substances which some we can! One official stated: "Food and

manufacturers are using to preserve Drug officials have never given apthe foods they prepare and distribute. proval to the use of sulphur dioxide,

Congressional bills show that as At least partly from this publicity, but its use is tolerated because there far back as 1848 conscientious ofthe Food and Drug Act of 1906 was has been little success in obtaining ficials of the bureau of chemistry were born, and Dr. Wiley insisted that favorable court action against its use."

trying to do something to protect the deleterious substances in foods were Evidence, however, is available to consuming public. It was a fiftyyear prohibited by the new law and that show that sulphur dioxide destroys

fight, for it wasn't until 1906 that most of the chemical preservatives certain vitamin fractions in our foods enough "public opinion"could be such as formaldehyde, benzoic acid, and may have an unknown effect aroused to cause the passage of a boric acid, salicylic acid, and sulphur upon the human body.

Pure Food and Drug Bill. dioxide were deleterious substances. "Because of the uproar, in 1912, of

The "Embalmed Beef Scandals"of Many manufacturers did not agree certain fruit processors, sulphites are 1889 and Upton Sinclair's The Jungle with him, and finally a board of imgenerally accepted in fruits, but were influential, and in 1903 and 1904 partial men headed by Dr. Ira Rem- (Continued on page 192)

MARCH 1954 159 ANDCARTS WESTWARD Part I by Helen Kimball Orgill

Pioneer Silhouette

odds and ends of litter, "run over to by Ruth I. J. Devereaux Saunder's Cafe and tell them a couple of Mormons have arrived on the

She stood, as evening shades embraced stage."

The last sweet fragments of the day, With slightly flushed face and

Among the sunbleached, rolling hills wideopen eyes, Pamela kept looking gray the sagebrush, Amid train had stirred. toward the entrance through which dust a human With

the boy had disappeared.

ne'er had where stood She man yet "It's all right, Sis, the desk clerk his where God home, to build Sought

Had stayed the hand of life had a good face. He's probably sent

To bring forth its abundant yield from sod for some of our people."

Unquenched by sparkling mountain streams. But neither of them was prepared

She stood where just before her for what met their gaze. A young girl

things all living forbade Death to breathe. came in from the street. She had

in her eyes; lay hope Tomorrow's

Tomorrow's dreams unfold to wreathe blue eyes, auburn hair, a few vivid

A silhouette of courage against a cloudless sky. freckles across a slightly upturned

nose. But more important than her

the neverto-beforgotten looks was of the flowers wild colored gaily the stageand swaying,Swinging friendly of expression interest. With raven, and of crows, Flocks range. holes coach, emerging from mud

left from the recent storm, purturkey buzzards were in evidence. slender arms extended, she came todusty, travelwearysued its way through checkered sunThere were serenades from the ward them—the

shine and shadow of the woods, issuwolves. One came close to the coach, brother and sister.

ing at last into broad daylight, with staring with large gray eyes. "I'm Polly Saunders. Pa's in

the forest left behind. This last part "The gun, George!"charge here, and he wants me to

of the trip from Chicago to Iowa City "It's all ready, Smitty,"came the bring you over to our restaurant."

And the three went into the street.seemed interminable to the girl and answer, which was a little drama put

boy, Pamela Brownlee and her young on for the benefit of the tenderfoot Soon they met Emma Lou, another brother Allan, who a few weeks prepassengers, whose eyes were all agog. daughter of the kindly Phineas

viously, had set sail on the clipper When the gun was leveled at the Saunders. Later they were driven

Thornton from Liverpool. animal, it ran away. along the river road and up to a

The year was 1855, and they were "What would the Church members onestoried frame and log house, the only ones of the group of converts be like, here in America?"Pamela

to the Church of Jesus Christ of pondered in anticipation of meeting

Latterday Saints who had come new friends, and her mind went back through immediately after embarking to the weekend about a year ago at Boston. The journey had passed when she had visited her friend Kathpleasantly while in the company of leen Garson in Preston, England, and

these friends, but as the couple viewed had heard the message of the new

Boston receding, they realized the and despised religion.

sacrifice they had made in giving up Just as the sun was dipping into the home, mother, and father as well as West, Iowa City came into view.

friends of a lifetime, for this unpopular belief. "Our stop is at the People's Hotel

The day had begun with a sharp In stentorian tones the driver wind but became calm as the morning shouted. Everyone's effects were unwore on. They passed alternately loaded here.

through bushes and green grass, and "No rooms available,"the &$ trees in bloom, or budding into leaf. clerk announced. Noting the/jroojsof

There were red clusters of the maple dismay on the faces of the yx|#*g girl blossoms and rich, red flowers of the and her brother, the clerk aMd ques:

Indian apples in profusion, and then tions.

another foretaste of the prairies. "Hey, Rusty,"he called tog

Studding the green swales were the urchin who was busily sweep 160 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'W/

There were serenades from the wolves. One came close to the coach, staring with large gray eyes. "The gun,

George!""It's all ready, Smitty."

home of the hospitable Church mem- "David's father,"the latter whisfor the soul happiness we have rebers whom they had just met. pered. ceived. If we did put in a bill, the

"Mother, we have company,"Pamela looked questioningly in story would read like a psalm of

Phineas called out, and immediately their direction, but no one spoke. mortal agony and rejoicing."Stephan

the door was opened, and Jane "The evening is early, Pa. Can't Weiler had answered in wellmodu-

Saunders appeared. we drive over to the Weilers now?"lated tones.

Small, pert as a bird, she smiled Mother Saunders asked. Then he had spoken of Philemon

is! I waskindly and answered, "Come in, come "No reason why we can't. Wake Merrill. "What a man he

in."And flying back and forth, she up Jeremiah if you want to go."The proud to be fighting alongside of

took care of the brother and sister seven -year -old heir of the family was him in that tragic Crooked River enand their belongings. Her dark hair dozing, lying full length on the rug gagement, and what a loss to the

and almost black eyes denoted the in front of the grate fireplace. Church was our dearly beloved Aposstrain of the Cornwall people. As tle David W. Patten, who was inwas usually the way in similar cases, Later, when the family had retired jured fatally at the time."

they talked of England, the new arfor the night, Pamela lay awake Through the open door Pamela rivals answering questions as to the thinking of the events of the past had had a glimpse of David Weiler, part of the Old Country they had few hours, and the kindly Church by lantern light, sweaty and grimy come from, and a comparing of notes members she and Allan had met. from his work with the cattle.

as to the memories of their former She thought of the Weilers, stalwart "Come David, come meet these homes. members who had gone through the young people,"his father had called.

Pamela was reminded of a letter persecutions of the mobs. And after washing up in the leanto

she carried. "I'm proud to meet two who have kitchen, he had come in. Pamela

"Elder Philemon Merrill wrote this so nobly survived the persecutions of remembered him—every detail—his

to Stephan Weiler."our people,"she had spoken with friendly brown eyes, crisp, wavy hair.

At the mention of the last name, feeling. The blue flannel shirt he was wearing

there was a slight rustle on the settee "There isn't enough money on had been open at the neck. His

where Emma Lou and Polly were earth to pay for what we have sufbuckskin trousers were dirtstained.

seated. fered, and we wouldn't take it all (Continued on page 172)

MARCH 1954 161 ': -: - -:-..,-:,.:-, -:;.:;.:.;:&";:.;:;

.: 'Mmm/W!"'!:':.;;: -::::::::::

Zy ZV. Antone K. Romney

a IHt M and III 8,1 I I Dr. Henry L. Isaksen

COUNSELING SERVICE

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Should I Go To College?

it wise for one to continue schoolcomplished. He also organized the ple of intelligence we attain unto in

Is ing when he could be making School of the Prophets for the leaders this life, it will rise with us in the good money on a job requiring of the Church at Kirtland and proresurrection.

little or no formal training? This vided for the establishment of a uni- "And if a person gains more knowlproblem is important to young peoversity while the Saints were in Nauedge and intelligence in this life

ple today. The decision usually is voo. through his diligence and obedience

complicated for a boy by the problem After their exodus from Nauvoo, than another, he will have so much of military service, which may delay the Saints continued to stress the imthe advantage in the world to come."

him two or more years in the achieveportance of education. They lost no (Ibid., 130:1819.) We are enjoined,

ment of his ultimate goal. Also, the time after their arrival in Salt Lake therefore, to "... study and learn,

question as to whether he should Valley before they established schools and become acquainted with all good choose to fill a mission instead of for their children, and it was less books, and with languages, tongues, completing school is often difficult than three years after they arrived and people."(Ibid., 90:15.) Again,

to answer. What should be a young that they organized the University of "... seek ye diligently and teach

man's attitude in these matters? How Deseret for the purpose of providing one another words of wisdom; yea,

valuable is a formal education? In further schooling for older children seek ye out of the best books words of

view of these and other demands on and adults. Also indicative of their wisdom; seek learning, even by study'

a young person's time, can he afford strong belief in education is the fact and also by faith."(Ibid., 88:118.)

to spend four years or more in colthat in 1851 the public schools of the What, then, is our answer to the lege? Territory of Deseret were organized question, "Should I go to college?"

In answering these questions, it is under the direction of a superinObviously the answer that any indiwell to consider carefully the attitendent of public instruction. vidual will make must be based upon

tude of the Church on education and This emphasis on education by the all of the circumstances that affect the basic reasons for this attitude. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday the wisdom of his decision. There

In the history of the Church we Saints is reflected in the way in which are some, of course, who may be wise find ample evidence that it believes Utah has consistently led the nation to enter employment directly upon strongly in education. Throughout in the efficiency and effectiveness of completion of high school. Others,

his ministry, the Prophet Joseph its public schools. This leadership is perhaps, would do well to attend

Smith was a scholar. In spite of his amply illustrated in many ways, most some type of specialized school. Still

lack of formal schooling, he became impressive of which is probably the others may find that their capacities skilled in the use of languages and high proportion of men of science for collegelevel work of a strictly well informed in matters of governand men of distinction who were born academic nature are somewhat limited ment and in the arts and sciences. and reared in Utah. in comparison with most college stuHe urged the Saints to gain knowlWhy is it that the Church has dents and that they would, therefore,

edge and teach their children. Soon placed such strong emphasis on eduface almost certain failure in a highafter the organization of the Church, cation ever since its organization? The ly specialized college course.

he ordained William W. Phelps to answer is to be found in the basic Even the child who has an average

assist Oliver Cowdery "to do the philosophy and doctrines of Mormon- I.Q. sooner or later reaches a point

work of printing, and of selecting ism. We read in the Doctrine and in school where he has difficulty

and writing books for schools in this Covenants that, "The glory of God in understanding the abstract probchurch, that little children also may is intelligence, or, in other words, lems and language which is used receive instruction.... (D. & C. light and truth."(D. & C. 93:36.) in advanced educational areas. There55:4.) Through an article in the The direction of our thoughts and fore, it is easily possible for a

Evening and Morning Star published energies, then, toward intelligence, child of normal intelligence to do in 1832, he instructed the Saints toward intellectual light and truth, very well in the elementary grades everywhere to organize schools for is an endeavor which has the apand even in the first grades of high the instruction of their children and proval of our heavenly Father, and school and then to experience diffito teach them in their homes until one in which he glories. We are culty in subjects which call for more

such time as this could be actold, further, that, "Whatever princiabstract thinking. Youth must realize

162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Joseph Smith Memorial Building and religion center on the B Y U Campus.—Photograph from Provo Art Shop.

that increased intellectual demands derstood by youth, and help should As a rule, it is wise to continue are made upon them as they advance be given to boys and girls to assist formal schooling as long as we reaup the educational ladder from one them to make wise decisions in order sonably can, but all factors should grade to another. Great pressure is to avoid academic failure, loss of presbe considered in making this decision.

brought to bear by parents, teachers, tige, and confidence. When considering the problem of a

and society in general upon those in It is possible for one person to college education, a young person advanced education. If a boy elects understand as much in high school must realize that there is great value

to go to college, he will be continually as another may understand in colboth to himself and to the Church compared with other children of sulege. Most types of young people in filling a mission call. If this call

perior intelligence. It may not be will do very well in personal adjustshould come, he, of course, will rewise for the child with less than averment and in social integration if they spond. Also, young people are conage scholastic ability to pressure himare guided and directed wisely. We fronted with the problem of marriage

self and allow intellectual failures should attempt to understand ourand how to get a college education to come into his life which, in a sense, selves for what we are and to make and also begin the rearing of a fammay be reflected in personality diffiour decisions in such a way that our ily and the making of a home. Careculties. Sometimes we can profit by individual needs will be more nearly ful consideration of major values in

failure, but usually we should try met. life should be given.

to so plan our lives that we may have Hundreds of young people are comFinally, the reader is reminded a reasonable chance to succeed. We ing to the Brigham Young University that he should seek learning conmust realize that we differ in intelcounseling service hopefully attemptstantly, not only through the avenue

lectual capacity, in interests, in pering to perform scholastic activity for of formal schooling, but also through sonality traits, in physical strength, which they are woefully unprepared. reading good books, attending worthand in many other capacities which It is recognized by all that many peowhile lectures and concerts, through

should be considered when deciding ple who are not firstclass scholars participation in study groups and whether or not we should attend colare very successful in life. We take family nights, through meditation and

lege. Some people can work at a the position that success in life deprayer—in short, "... even by study

great rate of speed for eight or twelve pends upon intelligent actions—acand also by faith."And he should

hours, while others may have energy tions which indicate integrity, honnever lose sight of the basic truth to maintain constrained effort for esty, and wisdom. Many people who that our very purpose in life is to

only four or five hours a day. These have failed in school have great inprogress intellectually, physically, and

and other differences in mental telligence, great wisdom, and great spiritually, in order that "as God is, capacities and energy should be unintegrity and are successful. man may become."

MARCH 1954 163 Genealogy

Divine Guidance in Gathering Genealogy by Ammon Y. Satterfield

is stillAfter immigrating to Zion as a conme get that fifty dollars. I turned years ago. "No,"he said, "he

vert in 1901, I began to realize around and there sat that man, a Mr. alive, ninetyfour years of age, one

as I learned more of gospel prinDancy of the Acme Harvesting Comof the oldest persons in the county."

ciples the great responsibility that pany, from whose company our firm Uncle Green was my grandmother's rested upon me for my progenitors. had purchased many carloads of eldest brother, being about twenty

In later years my position as presimachinery, and with whom I had years older than she, and born in dentmanager of a large corporation traveled several weeks the past fall. 1822.

took me east annually for several I said, "Mr. Dancy, have you fifty Next morning early we drove a

years. As my business grew, my dollars in cash you could let me have muledrawn twowheel cart over the

work in the Church increased. When for my check?"hill and found Greatuncle Green,

planning these trips my heart burned He replied, "This is peculiar. I blind with age but straight as a

with the desire to go to the South, kept out just fifty dollars this mornshingle and nearly six feet tall. His

where I was born, and gather the ing when I remitted my collections."mind was almost blank as to what

genealogy of my forefathers. But be- I bought the ticket and caught the was happening from day to day but

cause of pressing business calls each train out, going directly to Chatextremely keen as to events of his time I came back without realizing tanooga. From there I went to the earlier life.

that desire. old home of my greatgrandfather, He gave me the names of his

During the winter of 191516 my who had served as a soldier in the uncles and aunts, and of his greatcompany again sent me east to buy War of 1812 and the later Indian uncles and greataunts on both sides, implements and wire, this being the wars. I found the old home he had with dates reaching back into the last

third year in succession. I combuilt nearly one hundred years behalf of the 1700's. The surprising

pleted my business and started home fore. A descendant was living in it, thing was that he gave me dates of

in response to urgent calls to return and he gave me access to the old birth, marriage, and death, and in because of pressing business problems. family Bible containing the family many instances places of marriage

When I was about a block from the record written in it by my greatand the cemetery where buried.

depot in St. Louis, a feeling came grandfather. For several days I had These I checked over with other

over me with such force and power a glorious time visiting among relasources later and found to be correct.

that it seemed it would lift me from tives. Finally I arrived at Goldville, He said he could not have any

the street and carry me in the air, Alabama, at the house where I had peace of mind unless he was going and I felt a burning sensation similar been born, and where my father had over in his mind these names and to that I had experienced two years been born also. An uncle who was dates. For three years he had repreviously when I was healed inliving there met me at the door. He hearsed them in his memory. He

stantly of pneumonia. This burning told me I would be welcome as a had urged his near relatives to copy

impression permeated my entire being nephew, but only on condition that these facts down for him. Several

and said, "You must go south and I never mention Mormonism while times they had started to do so but gather your genealogy."I was in his home. I very quickly had never finished. Always the cares

I did not want to disobey that imassured him that I would be glad to of home would intervene before they pression, although I had already sent do as he wished, since it was his did much of the recording. He said

word to my family and to my business home. But if he had any questions his old family Bible had contained

associates in Idaho that I was en about the Mormons, he should feel these records, but it had been burned route home. I had bought my ticket free to ask them, and I would try to in a granddaughter's home three years

to Pocatello. Yet I walked up to the answer them, as I had lived and before. Since then it had been conticket office and found that the first traveled extensively among them. Bestantly on his mind to get and

train for Chattanooga left in fifteen fore long he started asking questions preserve these dates. He had even perminutes. and never stopped during the whole suaded some relatives to copy dates

I had but a few dollars in change week I was there. for him from the old cemeteries.

in my pocket, just enough to take In a few days I had obtained conThey would read these to him, and me home. I told the agent I wanted siderable genealogy from his records he would memorize them.

to go on that first train but would and from several cemeteries we I copied as he dictated about 150 have to get a check cashed. There visited. Then he told me I should names between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m.

I was in that great tenacre depot visit Uncle Green McDaniel, a greatWhen I finished, my greatuncle gave knowing but one man in the whole uncle on my mother's side. I said a sigh of relief and said how happy

state who could identify me or help that Uncle Green had died twenty (Concluded on page 187)

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in the Steps of Abraham

by Stanley Kimball

Part III

—Photographs }fy the author.

was traveling third class. In order the hegira34 in 640. Marco Polo

to get a little rest before the train visited here in 1260. It was sacked

I pulled into Mosul, I stretched out by Hulagu and again by Timur Irregular roofs of Ain Sifni, a Yezidee on the overhanging baggage shelf. Leng. Under the Ottoman Empire center in northern Iraq.

During the night the train passed it was considered the most inaccesAshur, the earliest capital of Assyria, sible spot in their empire. Today its There have been several Abrahams,

founded, it is reported, about 2900 population numbers about 150,000. named after Father Abraham. One

B.C., almost a millennium before Christianity was supposed to have of them in Mosul. His chapel is beAbraham. I was still following the been established here by St. Thomas lieved to have been the Convent of

Tigris because it was the more inhimself, and the Jewish colony in St. Abraham, which is now a Mosque.

teresting of the two possible33 river Mosul purports to trace its origin This was the first place I visited, routes that Abraham may have used back to the Hebrews deported from not much to see. It was close to the

in his migration from Ur to Haran. Palestine by Nebuchadnezzar. Tigris River, and a herd of water

If Abraham came this way, he may buffalo was near.

traveler the the they show Here off for in a visit. stoppedhave I Ashur a mass then attended Chaldean

St. of George, Seth, and Jonah,

I distinguish could the tombs At dawn of the at the Chalof Tahra Church interestto the most but me Nahum, capital of Assyriaruins of Nimrud, of eastexcellent deans, example an in the ninth and eighth centuries ing sight was Nineveh. ern Catholic architecture, very similar

B. C. Little of the majesty of the to a Greek Orthodox Church. As I

"scourge of the earth"remains. Across the Tigris... and not far beyond listened to the priest chanting liturgy

I wondered if Arriving in Mosul I threw my gear thelong riverlow bank,banks therethat riseare theall moundsthat is andleft in a strange tongue, in the Station Hotel and was off to of mighty Nineveh and the gigantic wall this were perhaps the same language see this very fascinating city and its that embraced it in a circuit of twelve miles. in which was said: "Where is he

environs. Mosul means "Point of The fourth and last capital of the Assyrian that is born King of the Jews? For

city great of the centre the Empire, was posito its central owingJunction"East, in his star the seen have its we of glory the wickedness culminating and the countries of Westerntion among to him."36 worship and are come sent prophet against the which was Jonah

35 shortlyAsia. a city It became preach. after to page) (Continued on following

The Old West lives on as far as taxis are concerned in Nineveh (modern Mosul), where Map shows the supposed route of AbraJonah preached. There are a few automobiles, but all taxis and streetcars are horsedrawn. ham through the Mosul area.

MARCH 1954 165 which extend for nearly three miles. little known and less understood reIn the Steps of Abraham A great many important monuments, ligious sect called Yezidees, commonly

(Continued from preceding page) some of which I have seen in Chicalled "Devil Worshipers."

I had been in Baghdad to call on cago, New York, London, Paris, and It has been raining, and the "roads"a Father John of the Roman Catholic Baghdad, have been dug out of the were even worse than usual, but we

Church in Mosul regarding history ruins. took the chance. We also took along

of the locale. He had written several Afterwards I visited St. Peters, re- a couple of stragglers with the idea

articles for the Bulletin du Seminaire ported to be the oldest church of that if we should get stuck they could

SyroChaldeen that I found most the Chaldeans. It is entirely subpush us out of the mud. We crossed

helpful. A Father Turner took me terranean and in very poor condithe Tigris, and the road continued

up into the bell tower of the church. tion pratically falling apart and fillon directly through the ruins of

From here we could see miles in all diing up with rubbish since it is used Nineveh. Slowly we gained altitude,

rections over the undulating plain but once a year. The church makes for we were entering Kurdistan.

lands. We could even see the mounno small claims, however, for it asFifteen miles out we came to Khorsatains of Iran and Turkey in the disserts to house some of the relics of bad, eighth century B.C. capital of

tance. Perhaps Abraham followed a St. Peter, along with some of St. Sargon II. There is precious little

route that came within reach of my Mary! on the surface to see. Several debinoculars. The Turkish consul spoke French pressions and mounds arc all that

The two of us hired an arabana as poorly as I, but somehow I obmeet the eye.

(a horsedrawn carriage) and visited tained the necessary papers to go to Twenty miles farther on we arrived the tomb of Jonah where I was also Turkey. This particular part of the at Ain Sifni. We began to see their

shown the sword of the very fish Near East was a very touchy area. curiously shaped shrines. They are

that swallowed him! The tomb of Turkey, Iraq, and Syria meet near very small, perhaps fifteen feet square

Jonah is in a mosque built by Timur Mosul. The fear of Russia, the Jews, at the base, and surmounted by a

Leng upon the ruins of the palace and the oil problem made travel diffifluted cone. They resemble fancy

of Esarhaddon. This mosque also cult. frosting decorations on pastry. We

affords the best view of the ruins I arrived back at the station barely were greeted by the village schoolof Nineveh. From this vantage point in time to meet an Arab acquaintance master and, as usual, nothing would

can be seen the ancient walls and and a car I had rented from the do except we go to his home for rethe mounds making the remains of Mabain alNehurain garage. I was freshments. Then we toured the

the great palaces of Sennacherib and on my way to visit Ain Sifni, a viltown.

Assurbanipal. No systematic excavalage situated thirtyfive miles from Ain Sifni and its inhabitants,

tion has been made of these ruins Iran and where live members of the (Continued on page 168)

';::.;.:":;::.: ';'::-::x:V::;

Sweetmeat selling on the streets of Mosul, Iraq (near ancient Two Yezidees ("Devil Worshipers") in Kurdish dress in front

Nineveh). Note Kurdish dress and primitive scales. of one of their rare shrines, northeastern Iraq.

1 66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EDISON and STEINMETZ exchange ideas on a research problem.

Schenectady, N. Y., 1922.

a 99 I start where the last man left off—Thomas A. Edison

Edison, to explain his incessant and tireless reading The lamp was a beginning in forcing not only of scientific journals, technical papers, patents and its own evolution but the evolution of meters, fuses, books, said that he read to avoid useless repetition of sockets, wiring, power distribution systems, transold experiments. "I start where the last man left off."formers and generating stations.

He lived to see the company that was formed What Edison knew, and perhaps said in an unquoted moment, is that thousands of men would be to carry on development of electric light and power needed to "start where he left off."evolve into one of the world's most important industrial research centers. Today General Electric

"Just wait a little while,"prophesied Edison, "and laboratories employ several thousand men and we'll make electric light so cheap that only the women who are seeking new things on widely wealthy can afford to burn candles."Edison lived to different fronts.

see lamps that gave four times as much light and cost It is seventyfive years since Edison lit the first sucone-fifth as much to buy. And electric lighting has cessful carbon lamp. He will be remembered for

progressed far beyond that.

inventions that changed the world. But let him be

He recognized that an invention does not end a remembered, too, for inspiring so many men to start search. It begins a search. where he left off.

t/oa cam, tot/y#a%s ccm/mnce vn,

GENERAL ELECTRIC MARCH 1954 167 it was thought to be the Accad of river routes were by way of the Tigris or the

In the Steps of Abraham Genesis 10:10. Euphrates.

flight of Mohammed from Mekka (Continued from page 166) My destination for the night was The despite the slurs cast at them for worAchcokola in Turkey, the closest rail in 622 A.D.

of Antiquities, Directorate General Mosul stop to Haran.shiping devil the the by far was

its District (Baghdad: Neighbouring and (To be continued)cleanest village in Arab seen I had at the Press, Printed 1943), Government

the entire Near East. Policemen NOTES p. 11.

were present, and the people were As mentioned in the last article the two "Matt. 2:2.

most hospitable.

We then visited one of the little (NI>\>??\X>Jv>*>3s>

shrines. Mirrors and pictures were

imbedded in the facade, evidently for decoration. to wanted go inWe Ar JLwie for Jteema \Jvir$etiuir5ewe5side to that the but were told keys

these shrines are contracted out and Richard L. Evans

the holder of the keys only turns up on a day when pilgrims are expected, E SOMETIMES shy away from words—especially words

and he can extract a small gratuity for W that have acquired unpleasant connotations; for exhis service. ample, we may speak quite comfortably of good resolutions,

At 8:45 one morning I caught a but perhaps not quite so comfortably of repentance as it may

train bound for Turkey, the slowest concern ourselves. But often there is little distinction between

ride I had taken since I boarded the the two. A good resolution, in the New Year sense, is simply

White Pass and Yukon Railway (lo- a resolve to leave behind some bad habit, to improve a less cally referred to as the "Wait Patientthan perfect performance, to make amends for some cause for ly and You'll Ride"). There was not regret—which is in fact a kind of repentance, by whatever

much to see other than colorful cosname we choose to call it. This is a time to look at ourselves,

tumes, camels, and flocks of sheep frankly, inside and out, even when it hurts', even if it makes grazing. These herds symbolize the us quite uncomfortable, and to forsake faults and foolishness

continuity of humanity and have and wasteful ways, to forsake our sins both of commission long been a familiar sight along this and omission, and to resolve to do better than we have done, route. to be better than we have been. Being honest with ourselves,

Seventyfive miles out of Mosul is most of us would be willing to admit that there are some the Syrian border town of Tel things we wish we had done differently and some things we

Kotcheck. The train stops for two would wish to have overcome. At almost every point of

hours while custom officers make their life, when we close a door upon the past, we have some cause routine inspection. When I had been to say, "I wish I had done some things better. I wish I had

checked, I went for a walk through done some things differently."It is seldom that any period

the town. I thought for a minute passes without some such regrets. However, this is not a

that Hollywood had been there betime for brooding upon the past, but a time for looking forfore me and set up a model cowboy ward, with hope and purpose and faith for the future—with

set. There were the straight and a resolve to close each day with a sense of accomplishment,

wide muddy streets meeting at right with a deeper appreciation of our loved ones, with a resolve angles and leading nowhere. The to be more ready for whatever may come, whenever it may

same colorless buildings lined each come. The unexpected closing of the lives of others suggests

side of the road with board sideconstantly to all of us that we keep our own lives in order, walks in front of them. Here and that we do each day's work each day, lest the time of cutting

there were horses; men stood around short should come sooner than we suppose. But if we should

talking, with rifles and cartridge have done more than we have done, if we should have been belts slung over their persons. Lazy more than we have been, we may well remember, gratefully,

dogs roamed the streets. There were that the acceptability of a man's performance is not only

blacksmith, barber, and butcher where he is at any moment, but also in what direction he may shops. Sidewalks were covered with be moving. There are many things to overcome for all of us,

wooden awnings. I went to what and as the New Year offers its opportunity for improvement,

proved to be a "general store"of a for peace, for repentance, we recall these lines from the century ago. Everything from rubber words of John: "He that overcometh shall inherit all things.

boots to matches was proffered. I... 'n God help us in the New Year to have the strength

saw a remarkable display of yard and courage to be what we should be, and to overcome what goods, shoes, junk jewelry, and we should overcome.

sundries.

After Tel Kotchek we traveled in Jofd FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

Syria for about fifty miles before PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING coming to the Turkish border town SYSTEM, JANUARY 3, 1954 of Nusaybin. I was allowed off the Copyright, 1954

train here. Nusaybin, formerly NisiRevelation 21:7.

bin, is an ancient site. At one time

168 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.....................-

fast, easy FORAGE HARVESTER FEEDING

Less than 30 minutes a day to cut and greenfeed you're well equipped with silo storage—trench

forage! That's all the time it takes one western or upright. The AllisChalmers power takeoff-driven

rancher; and in season, just ten acres of pasture supForage Harvester gives you real ranch capacity,

plies all the roughage for his 60 head of stock. at a low, family farm price. Its 3-footwide, spiralYou, too, may increase your forage yield this cupped cylinder knives cut crisp and clean on much

way, with your own AllisChalmers Forage Harless power. Knives are powersharpened quickly

vester teamed with feeding wagons. You bring the without removing them from the machine.

pasture to the cows—with prime feeding quality, The key to modern forage practices—and

always. profits—is this efficient Forage Harvester. See

You can also improve forage feeding results if your AllisChalmers dealer.

NEW!EasyMount

3-WAY ATTACHMENTS New "SLIDELOCK"mounting principle permits easy interchange of grass and rowcrop attachments. Windrow pickup attaches and

detaches in minutes.

—fieldcutSave hoursgrass,of legume,labor thecornAllisChalmersor sorghum silage;way

chop hay; clip pastures; chop stalks or straw.

FORAGE HARVESTER ALUStractor diviMVISIONCHALMERS MILWAUKEE 1, U. S. A* M

MARCH 1954 169 NEW APPROACHES TO BOOK OF MORMON STUDY

(Continued from page 150) There is nothing paradoxical in this. truism because it supplies a valuable

using "thee"'and "thou,"or to any As Aristotle noted, the better a thing clue to the authorship of the book.

work that mentions the lost tribes or is, the more depraved is a spurious (To be continued) a possible Hebrew origin for the Inimitation of it. An imitation nursery BIBLIOGRAPHY

dianstions—whator ancientwe mustwarshaveandis amigrabook original,rhyme maybutbe ajmosta knowinglyas good asfakedan testamentliche31 J. H. Roberts,Wissenschaft,in Zeitschrift62 fur(1950),die Alt-p.

that is something like the Book of mathematical equation would be the 241.

DupontSommer, The Dead Sea Scrolls, resemblesMormon, which it in form of desolation. abomination Curves

inand structure, and not merely all their derive value p. and equations "Ibid., p. 96.

casual and farfetched parallels of denot from the hard work they repre- 'DupontSommer, op. cit., p. 95.

tail such as abound in all literature. sent or the neatness with which they "Ibid., p. 96.

It is not enough to observe that are presented on paper, but from one H. Gunkel, Zum religionsgeschichtlichen

des Testaments (1903). Verstdndnis Neuen"Lehi"or that sounds fact like "Lehigh"fact that they speak alone—the of the founder Gunkel became Though of murdered on the shoresa man was the valid truth and communicate against the consensus a "school,"went

Lake Erie in Joseph Smith's day knowledge. Without that they are him, and in his latest book, Christian Benothing is proved by such silly less than nothing. To those who unginnings, Burkitt writes (p. 27): "Chris-

2 * tians have been too apt in the past toparallels. The Bible will not do, derstand and believe that E = mc

either, for the Bible was not written that statement is a revelation of assume that there already existed among in western New York in the early power; to those who do not underconceptionthe Jews aof fairlythe Messiahdefinite whoand wasuniformexnineteenth century. If we can find a stand or believe it (and there are pected to come. That indeed is a notion

book written in imitation of the many!) it is nothing short of an inpresupposed in many Christian documents

Bible, that will do for our point of solent and blasphemous fraud. So it'... but it is not borne out by a study of

If literature."anything, conventional even for such a book the is with Book of Mormon, which Jewishdeparture—but

idea, to the but has been opposed Jewry search in vain. ifwe is believed a revelation of power,

sects the the Scrolls show and Jews among

The Book of Mormon like the but otherwise is a nonsensical jumble. nourishing among the more pious elementit

Bible is an organic whole. We are "Surely,"wrote Sir Richard Burton, all along.

asking the literary experts to produce "there never was a book so thorDupont-Sommer, loc. cit., p. 96.

just one modern work which reoughly dull and heavy; it is as 3<A good collection of texts has been made

sembles it as such. There are, we monotonous as a sageprairie."berg,by A. von1926).Gall, Basileia tou Theou (Heidelbelieve, plenty of ancient parallels, It will be said that this merely 37Hilel Ragaf, "The Origin of the Religious

but if the Book of Mormon is a fraud, proves that the greatness of the Book Sect of Mormons,"Forward, April 26, 1953.

38Zeitlin, the Pogran "The and Hebrewa cheat, etc., theft, a copy, a as people of lies entirely Mormon in the mind Scrolls,"Quarterly Review, Jewish Hebrew is, it said righthave every have we of reader. the entirely! Not There p. 146f. XLII (1952),to for ask of a sampling the abundant are people loathe who of can't Bach 3"T. Called and Wechsler, "Origin the So

and obvious sources from which it stand Beethoven; it was once as popuDead Sea Scrolls,"Jewish Quarterly Review,

was taken. Smith's View of the Inlar among clever and educated people XLIII (1952), 121139.

Scrolls Teicher, likedians Sea Dead "The the more is no "J. L. Book of to disdain Homer and Shakespeare

of Sect of the Christian Jewish Documents directory. a telephone thanMormon as is barbaric as it to proper now II Ebionites,"Studies, Journal Jewish of toAll attempts find contemporary

p.'rhapsodize about in great them books 69. (1951),

works which the Book of Mormon clubs. Different readers react dif41Ibid., p. 78.

even remotely resembles have been 86. nbid., p. ferently to these they things—but failures. cit.,conspicuous has So it 100, 96. op. been 43DupontSommer, pp. must have something valid to work

44F. A. in Spencer, Quar- M. Church The tonecessary explain the as a book on. are laying not rules down We terly 18. p. Review, (1938), CXXVI fiction, of pure absolutework and a for taste or saying that the of Book III Irwin, A. *W. in Vetus Testamentum,nonreligious, romoney-making

; is because 62. rjeople good Mormon p. some (1953),

mance. But one need only read a like it or bad because others do not. "Ibid., p. 54.

page of the book at random to see What we are saying is that the Book 'Ibid., p. 55.

it is i8Ibid., 61. p. religiousthat a through book of whatever Mormon, one think may

65ff., cit., Gall, 164ff. op. 49Von pp. through,and and one only need read

it, is of of realities one great the of of the process "intellectualizing"50The title firstthe of the to edition page it time, illusour of that the is well prophets message so and what makes it issee that given to the Is world trated see the XIII by Talmud, Chap. is it. certain that Its people believe

holy scripture, no less. Here we come literary or artistic qualities do not M. Mielziner, Introduction to* the* Talmudof

to the of the crux (Chicago, matter. 1894). whole

enter It into 51 discussion: the writwas L. Guerrier, in Patrologia Orientalis force of whole and The meaning ten to believed. be Its one only and 148f. IX.3, p. ofthe rests Book one Mormon on

is truth. merit that 3E. merit, Chiera, Without (Univ. Wrote They on Clay

itproposition: is true. that It was of Press, it is 133. p. Chicago all 1938), is; it that nonbelievers say

written and published to be believed. With the merit it is all that believers "Supra, n. 36 and following note below.

People the of who believe Book say it is. And we must insist on this Robert54For Eisler,an extensiveIesous studyBasileusof outheseBasileusasgroups, is the writer of (andMormon one

them) think it is the most wonderful (Heidelberg, 1930),. II, Sections V-X.

to leader seems the "Jeremiah been have equation: indocument the world. But if

of the party, to opposition the government in particle energy each it "EinsteinE of matter = true, notwere the writer could not or weight mass of matter m = to Letters; judge sources by the Lachish see

c light the of speed aimagine dismal more performance. cited in in Desert, Lehi the the squaring of pp. 5-13. the number. 2 ==

170 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA America's No.l

Station Wagon

1954 Crestline Country Squire

YOUR FORD DEALER CORDIALLY

INVITES YOU TO TEST DRIVE THE NEW '54 Ford SEE YOUR FRIENDLY FORD DEALER MARCH 1954 171 Handcarts Westward

(Continued from page 161) A fter first viewing the town's conglomeration of log and frame houses, Pamela tried to put away the feeling of disappointment. They

held no hint of the mansionlike homes the Saints had built in Nauvoo. Yet in direct contrast, the

present neighbors were as friendly toward them as those in other places had been bitter.

"You can't learn everything at once, my dear,"smilingly Mrs.

Saunders said to the puzzled girl.

"When the Mormons were driven from the neighboring states, they fanned out across Iowa, where a pleasant surprise awaited them. Their

new neighbors, like themselves, wanted nothing better than to be left alone, to worship as they pleased.

The only explanation I know of is that they, like most of our people, were emigrants themselves and wanted to establish homes and churches. "I've noticed the many churches,"observed Pamela.

Phineas, who was doing some figuring on a small table in the comer, noticed the wistful expression on her face. "Just a little homesickness,"he spoke gently. "We all have experienced it at one time or another. But

one thing we must remember, Pamela, dear child, the Lord has established his Church in these latter days. The gathering place is in the

valleys in the mountains—not in Iowa ERA

nor back in England. And never fear,

we will build homes of lasting beauty Selections from the INDEX again. And this time they will not be

discourses of now available taken away from us."

She smiled at him through a mist index your You may receive of tears. President sending your by and name

"Don't mind me,"she said, "I'll David O. McKay address to

all right."be

PROFOUND The back door burst open, and in, calling loudly, "Danrushed THE Jerry STIMULATING been picking I have ny and

INTERESTING See what a lot I have."herbs. IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Fine,"his mother answered.

50 North Main Street "Now you can help me make assaSalt Lake City 1, Utah fedita bags."

Please enclose a three - cent Blacksmiths, mechanics, and wagon makers were kept busy early and stamp with your request to late. The women stitched tents,

cover cost of postage. pieced quilts, and did innumerable

(Continued on page 174) 172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DdTWheatHeartsVMca with SunMaid Raisins!

IK

5-..POLKA DOT'WHEAT HEARTS

nzm Wheat Hearts Cook Creamygood package. While cerea ious

Devious, S-XKi WHEAT HEARTS It's a 2 to 1 favorite!

Contains wheat germ... 6 times more than

whole wheat itself. This creamyhot cereal has

in childrennourished and adults the West

H Mi love it. Adultsfor 4 generations. Children by

hundreds voted it a 2 to 1 favorite for flavor. r&9 Uf'.

SunMaid Raisins are rich in iron and calcium. Try delicious Wheat Hearts cooked with

sweet wholesome SunMaid Raisins. So easy! 9m]

Ready in 3 minutes! A wonderful way to add Uf.l

extra energy, flavor and interest to breakfast.

RAISIN Betty Crocker of General Mills, First Lady of Food, says: "Wheat Hearts is so nourishing

... tastes so good. You'll like it."

SUNMAID WHEATSPERRY."HEARTS'WHEAT HEARTS"AND BETTY CROCKER"ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKSRAISINSOF GENERAL MILLS. INC.

MARCH 1954 173 HANDCARTS WESTWARD

{Continued from page 172) ploiting of the far west and the other tasks. Strolling along the main hazardous trail he had blazed into

street the next afternoon, Allan and the icebound Rockies had fired the his sister noted groups of men conimagination of both parties. He had

versing on politics—the Missouri suffered hardships which staggered

Compromise, extension of slavery inthe imagination of all. Each party

to the territories, the dispute over wanted him to accept the nominaaccepting Kansas as a free state. tion and run for president.

The name of General John Fre- "Your Buchanan won't have a mont was on every lip. His ex- (Continued on page 176)

*iX9VXJv>SX9\9<sX2\J

id the i5carner fOfc Richard L. Evans

rE read these days of speeds that move men beyond the SCHOOL? W socalled "sonic barrier,"and of the forces and feelings

Spring Quarter Registration encountered when superpowered planes physically fight their way through the "sound wall"almost as if they were movSet for MAR. 23 ing through a solid substance. This is just one physical

example of man's moving into realms beyond where he has Entrance examinations for Freshread of light that allegedly travels faster men entering school this quarter been before. We

scheduled for March 13. than the acknowledged speed of light. We read of the recording of the "ultra -sonic"sounds of birds—of songs that

can be seen on the spectograph by the human eye, but which cannot be heard by the human ear. There is, no doubt, // you 're looking for: much that happens all around us that we are little aware of

so that that is unproved, is "proved,"and much study opportuni-—much Unexcelled

are senses of physical concerned. far as the men We are ties

far from understanding fully even ourselves; and we are

An outstanding faculty infinitely far from understanding all the physical factors and

Home state environment forces that are all around us; and still farther from under-

A friendly university standing the intangible facts and forces, the thoughts, the

A balanced study, social and feelings, the intuition and impressions, the spiritual facts athletic program and forces, that escape our coarser senses. But shall we

You'll find all this... and much say that because we cannot hear or see something, it doesn't

more at your state university. exist? Would it not be presumptuous and unprovable to say

so. Whatever is beyond the barrier, whatever is beyond our

COLLEGES OF INSTRUCTION senses, whatever is yet unknown, whatever we shall yet discover, in the words of Robert Millikan, who recently passed include: beyond the mortal barrier, "... the Creator is still on the job"

Engineering Law—and humility and an open mind to truth are still among the

Education Mining most becoming attitudes of men. Sometimes we may not

Medicine Fine Arts know what it is that moves upon us, that makes us restless

Pharmacy Business for the search. Sometimes we may wonder why others do

Nursing Social Work not see what we see or why others seem to see what we do and other fields not see. And then, with faith, we find the "evidence of

things not seen,"the substance of what we could not find before. The search for truth is an important part of life

for all truth: for the presently reachable, tangible, and material facts, as well as for the spiritual and intangible facts

that lie at present beyond the barrier—and to which faith

at last will lead us. Faith is essential in the search for the

meaning of all things.

Jhe JpoluSpoken Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, ]ANUARY 17, 1954 Copyright, 1954

174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 6. BOOK OF MORMON COMMENTARYVol. I /ide/i TDevivenieviMu Su tAlait Ricks—Eldin

For those who wish a better concept of the Book of Mormon and how to incorporate its divine teachings into daily living, this volume is offered as a helpful guide. Only $2.00

7. GREATER DIVIDENDS FROM RELIGIONDeseret

Gerrit deJong in Latterday Saint teachings, with a strict adher-,44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City, Utah ---*>An investment ence to all its principles, has brought rich dividends in accomplishment and personal happiness. Here is a testimony of worthwhile note. $1.75

DESERET BOOK CO.

44 E. South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

8. TEACHINGS OF THE BOOK OF MORMONPlease send the following circled books:

E. Berrett WMIiam

3 4 5 6 7 8 of thisThe author spiritually informative commentary presents 12 termsin easyto-grasp I enclose check ( ) or money order ( ) for $ tained of Mormon. in the Book the practical and beneficialA bargainteachingsat $1.40,confor which

Name 9. VOICE OF ISRAEL'S PROPHETSAddress

Dr. Sidney B. Sperry City State

Here again, isonindeedthe Prophetsa scholarlyof old.book,Notworthonly doesreadingit presentover anda clearerover Residents of Utah please add 2% sales tax.

understanding of Biblical times, but it challenges thinking and stimulates serious study of the Old Testament. $3.50

MARCH 1954 175 Handcarts Westward

(Continued from page 174) ghost of a chance, now Fremont has from the consented to run on the Republican ticket.""Mebby so, Jim, but 'tis rumored that Fremont has refused to campaign for himself."And so the talk

went on. Wistfully Allan observed,

"If Pa were here, wouldn't he be in the midst of the discussions!"

stirring these tense, during And Wha*er?er your Saints the were Latterday... times, pry*Hfng needs

iSrge or small... quietly, assiduously going about

you are certain to making preparations for the trip receive the very across the plains.

best service at the The Iowa Banner carried an item ultra - modern prowhich read, "Travelers to the west duction plant of who wish to take the southern route the Deseret News Press. The knowlwill outfit in Burlington. Those

edge of skilled craftsmen and the effichoosing the northern train will outcient production of the most modern fit in Iowa City."The Mormons

equipment is available to meet your followed the northern route, thus printing requirements with accuracy, economy and speed. making Iowa City their headquarters.

Church leaders in Iowa had been urged to be prompt in their attendevening meeting, as matters of imDeseret News Press (jjfel ance at their forthcoming Wednesday portance were to be brought up.

31 RICHARDS STREET Phone 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Wheelwright Brown stated one of the Plant - 1605 Industrial Road (1900 West) Phone 7-1584 Salt Lake City problems. "The fact is, brethren, we aren't fast making wagons and handcarts for the SaintsIT'S BEAUTIFUL! EASY TO APPLY! enough who are leavfor right ing along Utah. then How

to going care of take FAST!... AND SUPERWASHABLE! the hunare we

dreds, yes, thousands, who we are told will be landing here in the months to come?"The seriousness of the

condition was apparent to all assembled, and each one offered a little extra time each day to aid this project. "I have a fine, cleancut young man who wishes to learn the wheelwright trade, young Allan Brownlee,"

Elder Weiler announced.

That same evening with the Saunders family gathered in the front room, Father spoke, "We are kept busy in the restaurant. Now if you,

Pamela, can give Mother a hand in the mornings, you can get a job elsewhere to aid you in your journey to Utah. Allan can help Jerry with

YOUR CHOICE OF HUNDREDS OF the chores before he goes to Brother

SPECIALLY SELECTED Brown's. Then both of you can stay

COLORIZER COLORS with us.

Like all Colorizer Colors, you buy them right over the Pamela smiled at her brother, counter—no intermixing—no blending. "We'd like that, not to be separated,

21st South First South; and Second 65 Bennett's, W. West wouldn't we, Allan?"dealers in the and branches Bennett's all and

Intermountain Country.

Polly's eyes were beaming, and (Continued on page 178) 176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ijxjxxw:

SO SHOULD YOUR MOTOR OIL!

A paratrooper can't afford needless risks. That's why he wears two parachutes... so he has a safety margin.

'Safe enough"won't do. His equipment has to be super safe! Often your

car may need such a safety margin.

That's why Phillips 66 Heavy Duty

Premium Motor Oil is made so it will provide lubrication under conditions more extreme than your motor is ever likely to face. It provides

that extra measure of protection.

HERE'S EXTRA PROTECTION FOR YOUR CAR

Oil GuaranteedA Motor to Satisfy You!

When you refill with Phillips 66 Heavy Duty

Premium Motor Oil you get a printed certificate—your guarantee of satisfaction! Use this great

oil for ten days, or up to 1,000 miles. Then, if

you aren't completely satisfied, go to any Phillips 66

Dealer and he will refill your car's crankcase with any other available oil you want, at Phillips expense!

How does Phillips dare make such a guarantee?

We do it because Phillips 66 Heavy Duty Premium

Motor Oil is such a good oil. It gives you really

dependable Lubritection... lubrication plus

engine protection. Get Phillips 66 Heavy Duty

Premium Motor Oil. It's guaranteed to satisfy you!

Phillips Petroleum Company, Bartlesvillet Oklahoma luhritecfwnMARCH 1954Get 177 HANDCARTS WESTWARD CdnductdRight (Continued from page 176) As the two girls departed, Emma to her mother, "Now all VERY VALUABLE FDR sheimportantseemedbitonofedgeinformation.to impart some"Just Louthat turnedis settled, or at least appears

BISHOPRICS DR last night, Mr. Dayton, manager of be, we'll set our minds on the getto

AUXILIARY OFFICERS the Mercantile Store, had supper in acquainted party."

the cafe. I heard him say he needed

a girl to help with the accounts. A night or two later, the Saunders'

Come, Pamela, I'll take you to interhome took on a festive air, shinview him now. He doesn't live far ing as the faces that lined the walls.

from here."(Continued on page 180)

>VX>>-3\X?vK3\Os9sJX>

kJvi tke *jrri'naeT Richard L. Evans

n thumbing through some commonplace words we find the

I word fringe—and we find it thus in part defined as "an

ornamental border..."or "something resembling a fringe;

... as the outer fringe of a crowd."No doubt there are

THESE IMPORTANT BOOKS fringes in almost everything; but as to actual performance,

give complete outlines for confringe doesn't seem to play a very important part. It is

plus meetings, ducting various there. It may look well—but it is only on the edge. And for notes, announceblanks

ments, and records of appointthat in part describes some people who are "on the fringe,"ments, meetings, and activities as well as the fringe on fabrics. Families have their fringe.

in ward and stake. Clubs and committees have their fringe. Communities and

Indexed for calendar or fiscal countries have their fringe. Churches have their fringe.

year. Every organization, every institution has its fringe of those

-USE THIS coupoNwho hang out on the edge. They aren't altogether in or

ir CONDUCTORIGHT altogether out. They may claim to be part of the picture

2016 South 11th East when there is something good going on but refuse to be part

City, Salt Lake Utah to picture obligations the there are be borne. They when

Please send me @ $2.25 each the followof

ing: of citizenship the advantages without assuming want may

BISHOPRIC RELIEF SOCIETY their full share of service. They may want the privileges

PRIMARY of their of obligawithout meeting measure membership due SCHOOL D SUNDAY D

JR. SCHOOL SUNDAY tions. loyalty of the the love family want and They may

S. S. COMBINATION

Y.M.M.I.A. without carrying their full share of the family load. They

Y.W.M.I.A. may want the blessings and benefits of the church without

Ward Stakeconformance or service or support. They may want the

Name freedom, the peace and protection and prosperity of the

Address country without giving full loyalty or allegiance. Surely

City State < there is some stigma in just staying on the edge and never!

Note: Make all checks payable to "Conquite being part of the picture. And one wonders how much

ductoRight."patience the Judge and Father of us all will have with those

who choose to live their lives on the fringe, without becoming a real functional part of the fabric. The larger blessings and

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS promises of life (as well, indeed, as lesser ones) are predicated upon performance, upon participation, upon the doing of

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple the thing, upon the living of the law, and when we do what sore throat and other minor mouth we should do, we shall somehow, somewhere, receive the and throat irritations. promised reward. But if willingly we fail to perform, if

counted in or out, we fall far short of full effectiveness—and HALLS REMEDY willingly we are found on the fringe, if we cannot quite be

Salt Lake City, Utah far short of the compensations that come to those who can be counted on.

Jke. spoken Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, JANUARY 24, 1954

Copyright, King Features Syndicate

QUICK,CASV SO PEUClOUS 178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Love Dreams

a half hour of smooth relaxing music featuring top recorded stars with host JOHN BARLOW.

This master showman creates mood and atmosphere for each of his musical offerings.

Love Dreams

is created especially for you.

8:30 p.m. each Sunday evening

ffiadft& KSL

MARCH 1954 179 Handcarts Westward

(Continued from page 178) Pamela had dressed carefully in her blue empirestyled crinoline which her mother had sq proudly made for the harvest ball. Her shining dark

hair, combed over her temples, concealing all but the lobes of her ears, framed the oval face. Jane wore her

black redingote with yellow collars and cuffs. With arms outstretched

she said, "Come dear, meet all these people. Folks, this is Pamela, and

this is Allan, her brother, who've come clear from Dedrin, Darby Vale, in the midlands of England. They've

left home and all, to be with the

Saints in Zion."

Pamela glanced around at the guests seated in the rushbottomed chairs, the red plush rocking chair, and the settee. The large walnut

bed had been taken down and carried out for the occasion. She smiled

to feel friendly eyes upon her. Complimentary expressions accompanied

the words of welcome. The chattering which had been interrupted went

gaily on, and Pamela had an opportunity to have a better look around.

It was important, for were not these to be her people from now on? She

You get the lightest, best tasting panwas glad to see them dressed neatly, from Grandmother Tolliver in cakes ever with Sperry Pancake and Waffle Mix. It's the sourstiff calico with cord and tassel around

cream buttermilk in the mix that makes them taste so good. her waist, to Emma Lou in brown

And be sure to pour on plenty of Log Cabin Syrup. Log Cabin moire with bodice of pink corded

gives you the perfect blend of sugar and pure maple sugar silk.

... that rich, outdoor flavor. Try Log Cabin Syrup on Sperry Nancy Ware was striking up a

buttermilk pancakes soon. tune on the organ. "Musical chairs,"

she announced. Josh Carter was tuning up his fiddle, and dances were

tin hiui called in spritely manner. "Hi Nellie, Ho Nellie, Listen Love to Me,"

kept straying in the "LogPamela'sCabin eyesWaltz,"and many more.

direction of David Weiler. She had

always been accustomed to receiving

Xti[Cnock&L admiring glances from young men.

His expression was baffling. She just

left of General Mills, says: 'Serve this delicious Chuck Wagon couldn'ttables wereread turnedhis mind.this Perhapstime. Shethe

HocaM Bl/ITERMILK Breakfast often during Lent. It's so liked his wavy hair—the way it fell

back from his wellformed forehead MlJirHirE good...andsoeasy."

and the strength shown in his attractive brown hands. He didn't

really join in the fun but held himself somewhat aloof. He finally asked her

for a dance when the evening festivities were nearly over.

girls talked of thePANCAKE & WAFFLE MIX Afterwards the "SPERRY '"AND "BETTY CROCKER"ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF GENERAL MILLS, INC. events of the evening.

180 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

{*'%. ill

"David, I like that name,"thoughtfully spoke Pamela.

"The name or the boy?"slyly

queried Emma Lou.

"Why of all things, the name, of course!"The answer came with so

much emphasis that the sisters laughed delightedly at her evident dilemma. "But one thing, Pamela dear,"Polly whispered as though divulging a dark secret, "David never looks at girls."At the same moment, the young man in question was thinking, "I don't know what was wrong with my hair tonight. The new girl kept

looking at it. My hands seemed to

be bothering her, too. But what

large, dancing blue eyes she has.

"But I'm not interested in her or any other girl. My responsibility

is my family, with Pa not being well. Besides I never had a dream

or hope that didn't end in disappointment. I won't be hurt again. Everyone I really care for was killed or

stayed back in Nauvoo."Then resolutely he refused to think, as memories of the burnings, whippings, and

blizzards began to cross his mind.

To her parents in England, Pamela wrote: "Mornings, I help Mrs.

Saunders. We sew, scrub, wash

clothes, and do whatever has to be done. They tease me for scouring won't need a lasso to get youraway the wood grain in the cupYougang to the breakfast table when you

boards with newly made lye. Afterserve these light, delicious Sperry Pannoons I ride the pinto, Daisy, into cakes and Log Cabin Syrup! Sperry

accounts for Mr. keep andtown Daygives the tasting best you pancakes Pour Plenty ofton. is 'market'Every day day

.. here. ever to. thanks the butsour creamEastern men rush into town to close Golden Log Cabin termilk rich, in the mix! what And deals. they thinkland were You'd

flavor It's Log adds! Cabin a Syrup on Sperryafraid sure deep but I'm run out, it would

there is enough land to last several matchless blend of sugar and pure Buttermilk generations. Iowa City is the capital maple sugar syrups! Plan now to have Pancakes

of the state, and the Senate meets this Chuck Wagon Breakfast tomorhere. You would like it here, Pa. row. Get Log Cabin Syrup and Sperry

Allan and I can just hear you exPancake and Waffle Mix today!

pressing your opinion. And you can

say whatever you wish, it seems."

With a sense of satisfaction she thought, "No more long waits to get to Church in Preston."And with

spirit she joined in the hymns. A

favorite one of the Saints at that time was, Log ""I long to breathe the mountain air,

Of Zion's peaceful home."Walking out of Sunday School the Cabin

first time, Pamela remarked casually to Polly, "I wonder why David wasn't there."syrup A PRODUCT OF GENERAL FOODS (Continued on following page)

MARCH 1954

Handcarts Westward

(Continued from preceding page) "He often misses,"came the answer. "You see there is quicksand

along the river banks where the cattle go to drink. David and Jed

Mordin ride every day, Sunday no exception."

"But why does David have to go along, too? Isn't one enough?"

"You'll just have to ask David yourself, Pam."

"I would never do that."

Mail day was an occasion. With

the arrival of the stagecoach, a cry would go up, and all rejoiced in each other's mail, especially when it came from across the ocean. One day,

upon receiving a letter from her mother, Pamela called goodbye to a group in front of the post office and started down the road on Daisy.

She heard the music of tinkling spurs

Gain a Full Quarter of College Study and"I'lla voiceride yousaying,a ways home, Miss

In the Beautiful Wasatch Mountains Pamela."It was a quiet voice, but suddenly

INSTRUCTION in 47 departFESTIVALS AND CLINICS will the pathway was shot with golden festival of five colleges, Graduate include the annual music ments

Religion Schools, Quartet, Kassunlight, and the muddy river was with Paganini and Nursing Anna

Division and Air R.O.T.C. kas, band clinic, special artist a sparkling stream of water, blue as

WORKSHOPS AND INSTIseries the heavens. They rode on while

faculty in teacher planned inDISTINGUISHED TUTES will luminous purple spread out ahead Life Inservice training, Family visit to augment able and adestitute, Language Arts, photoquate resident faculty. Visiting to the distant hills. She found herself prattling breathlessly until she RECREATIONsynthesis and others.is plentiful in the classes.artists also remain to conduct

surrounding mountains and inLEADERSHIP WEEK from June wondered why he did not wheel cludes annual Timpanogos Hike, 21 to 25 brings authorities on all about and ride off in disgust. But

dances, plays, opera, gym privChurch subjects to assist Church ileges. workers in improving service. his shining Chestnut Bay kept by her

right side. David nodded gravely to First Session—June 14 - July 16 her chattering, as though what she

- Aug. 20 said really mattered. They slowed to a Second Session—July 19

walk, and she felt a strong hand hold Write NOW for a Catalog to Summer School Dean her right one, as it was lying idly across the pommel of the saddle. She

felt dizzy and seemed to hear voices UNIVERSITY BRIGMM YOUNG in the distance saying, "He loves you, PROVOUTAH he loves you!"

She lived in a dream for days to come. After throwing out a pan of

dishwater or hanging out the clothes, she would stand looking across the

Iowa fields away to the horizon. She

saw the hazy smoke of the straw fires, vW\ and closer, the long rows of corn

Advertising coming into tassel, the road with the benefits YOU cumuli of dust sloping up the long

Advertising benefits roll of hill between dark, cultivated earth. But she was learning many

EVERYONE! things—how to make the leach lye

for soapmaking, how to make candles by pouring the wax into the molds.

Allan and Jerry gathered creosote leaves for making olive green dye, "rabbit brush"for a lighter shade of 182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA green. Pamela learned to mix sour

bran and wood ashes to set the colors.

The madden berry, she learned, made a nice shade of red. There was also

wool carding and spinning to do. It wasn't all toil though. Once she FiRSTw/M

wandered along the river bank where cattle shouldered through thickets of willow and dogwood, lumbering laboriously in thick mud and sand, POWER STEERING pocked with deep tracks. She met

David, and they walked side by side, elbowing their way through the jun- "500"gle of birch, cottonwood, and oak, MODEL CASE thick with creepers and wild grapes.

The rough softness of soil under her feet was pleasant, and there was a sense of wellbeing to be near David DIESEL in this transition from blazing sunlight to cooling shade. They sat on

the bank, overgrown with dandelions and snake grass. A muskrat skimmed

across the river, and Pamela trailed her hand in the water. She reached

for a leaf, and he saw that her hand was trembling. Drawing her to him,

he held her in a long embrace, "Oh,

David,"she said, "we must return now."Going back they startled a mother prairie hen and her squawking young ones, and both laughed gleefully with Power... economy... convenience... you get them

the happiness of young love shining all in this new 5-plow giant among farm tractors. Touch a

in their eyes. button and it starts on diesel fuel. Singleplunger injection

The shaking of hands and visiting pump feeds fuel evenly to all six cylinders. "Powrcel"conafter Church seemed part of the servtrolled combustion provides smooth, quiet power and clean

ice. David had a way of leaving as burning at all speeds. Big Casebuilt engine has 7-bearing

soon as the "amen"was said. crankshaft, multiple cylinder heads, wet sleeves and byPamela spoke impatiently about it pass cooling system. Constant Power TakeOff, Dual Valve

one evening. Constant Hydraulic Control. See your Case dealer.

"Why must you dash out—can't

you tarry a while?"

"I'm just a little fed up on so much religion. Oh, don't mistake me. I

believe it to be the only true one."

With downcast eyes, neither spoke.

Joining the young people at the

Ware residence, David, in answer to the questioning glances said, "Pamela doesn't understand my feelings. The

religion is all right, but why we have to suffer so much for it is a mystery to me.""It is worth it, David,"Delbert For fastmoving, evendepth

Allan spoke quietly, but with convicplowing, you can't beat this Case tion. Wide OneWay Plow, with 12, 15 or

"He is right, David. I know. I've 18foot cut. Sealed ball bearings in

left my family and all for it. I've gangs, tapered roller bearings in

light draft, for rubbertired wheelshad a taste of what it means to be a service. life, easy long Tandem

Mormon!"Pamela ventured. wheels. Choice of manual lift or rearhy-

"If you've had a taste, I've had a draulic control for easy adjustment.

full meal!"Write for illustrated folders. J. I.

Before an answer could come, Allan Case Co., Dept. C-344, Racine, Wis.

was urging Nancy Ware to the organ.

(Continued on following page) MARCH 1954 183 Handcarts Westward

(Continued from preceding page) "Let's sing 'Come Where My Love

Lies Dreaming,'"Polly suggested.

This was followed by others, when / David mentioned his favorite, "Belle

Brandon,"with the plaintive refrain,

"I loved the little beauty, Belle

Brandon, Here's milk so good And we both loved the old arbor thousands prefer it tree."

Fall sped on with its accompanying to any other harvest and preparation for winter.

form of milk Footprints of Indian summer blotted out the autumn rains. Pamela loved or cream.

the woods with the maple and sumac turning crimson. The lawn was

thick with falling leaves, and robins were on the way south, the jays being last to go. Numberless tasks took up

the morning hours, and afternoons

Try it today! That good she bent over accounts and looked

at bolts of flannel until her eyes swam.

"I wonder what Father and Mother are doing,"she often lay awake thinking. "I fear they are holding MORNING something back. I wonder if they

are really well."

Then homesickness would envelop MILK her until it seemed to eat at her very vitals. Zealously she had prayed for

their conversion, and she pondered over the mystery of some receiving

COMPLETE PROTECTION the message of the gospel wholeheartedly and others listening with

IS OUR BUSINESS coldness. Such thoughts usually took

her back in memory to the great conference of the British Isles in February of this year 1855. It was the first

one she and Allan had been privileged to attend. Presiding at this memorable assemblage was the wellloved

Apostle, Franklin D. Richards. Occupying the stand beside him were

eighteen missionaries from America.

Studying their countenances, one threaten hazards Countless your home fire, theft, day. every Loss from and felt that here was as fine an example

storm can happen to you! Be safe—of stalwart manhood as could be

ask your friendly Kolob Agent to review found. There were a son, a nephew,

your present insurance policies for dangerous loopholes and costly overlapping. and a sonin-law of Brigham Young,

Let him show you how you can receive and a son of Heber C. Kimball. There

protection maximum for minimum prewas young Daniel Spencer, already a

Don't wait, get in touch mium cost.

with your Kolob Agent today! strong figure in Utah, and George

D. Grant, a fearless and faithful deOver 300 Kolob Agents throughout Utah,

Idaho, Montana and Nevada. Backed fender of his people. Dan Jones had

by strong stock companies. come over from Wales where he had

been the means of converting three thousand souls. Also included among

them was Philamon Merrill, who had been shot through the body in the

Crooked River engagement, where the

FRANK SALISBURY, President beloved Apostle David W. Patten had

330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City lost his life.

184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pamela remembered being told about the young men in the group.

Most of them had been born during "It is with pr,ide and pleasure that I can the time of their parents'deepest highlyElectronicrecommendOrgan..... afterthe aBaldwincareful

tribulations, endured for the gospel's study and investigation of many organs different including the various makessake. In the memories of their tender of

organs pipe selected... our committee

years were the pillaging, the killings, the Baldwin Organ."

the tarand-featherings, and the evictions from comfortable homes into the

Music Supervisor of Teton County Schools, pitiless blizzards. They were among Member of Teton Stake Presidency.

the children who had trudged beside the covered wagons, salvaging wood

... Organ, 10 Model "The Baldwinand buffalo chips for fuel. Later in

given a year ago, has from you purchased the valley, they were handed sticks us entire satisfaction, both as to perto help dispose of the crickets threatformance and upkeep... fills all our

ening to destroy the crops which needs admirably."

meant life to the pioneers. And then

when the days of famine came, they Chairman Instrumental Music, were given forks by their mothers to Utah State Agricultural College go out on the hills and dig sego roots to satisfy their pangs of hunger. Still

later they had become veritable guard- "Our young people enjoy playing the ian angels of the settlements, keeping organ... it's easy to play... proven to

the lurking redmen at bay. They had yearsbe verysinceeconomicalits installation."during the past two

herded cows on Antelope Island and at home and broke the wild horses.

When little more than of adolescent age these boys had spent, weeks on Bishop Santa Clara Ward end in the canyons, wielding the ax and cutting down the mighty trees to build early Utah.

However valuable their labors were, their parents had insisted on education scriptures. study and of the BALDWINELECTRONIC ORGANS

stirring of the remindedPamela was strains of hymns such as "Hail to the

Prophet Ascended to Heaven,"when the rafters of the old building fairly rang with the echoes. Hearts were Model 5 Model 10

warmed and souls uplifted. So eager

were the converts to dispose of frugal THE BALDWIN PIANO COMPANY CINCINNATI 2, OHIO belongings and gather to Zion that

BUILDERS OF; BALDWIN GRAND PIANOS HAMILTON VERTICAL AND GRAND PIANOS

the leaders became concerned and lifted restraining arms and explained ACROSONIC SPINET PIANOS * BALDWIN ELECTRONIC ORGANS that England was not the only place where hard times prevailed. They

were told that the present year had witnessed one of the worst crop failures since the advent of the pioneers into Utah. But nothing could stay

the spirit of gathering which had taken possession of these believers.

Bringing her thoughts down to the present, Pamela always came back to

David, and she realized her lack of charity toward his seeming failure to live up to her conceived ideas of faithfulness. Only the Lord knows us

all, she concluded. We can only

judge by uncertain signs. He surely

expects us to have faith in each other.

With these musings, peace would come, and sleep.

(To be continued) MARCH 1954 185.

Stake Melchizedek Priesthood Committee

Every stake should have an effecof the stake president. In short, it is may function more effectively, memtively functioning stake Melthe purpose of the Melchizedek Priestbers of the stake Melchizedek Priestchizedek Priesthood committee eshood committee, under the direction hood committee should stimulate and

tablished by the stake presidency. of the stake president, to see that assist the quorum presidencies. This

This committee is composed of the the Melchizedek Priesthood quorums can be done, (1) by encouraging stake president, at least four high function and that their quorum work them to hold regular weekly presicouncilors or more if deemed necesis done. dency council meetings, (2) by seeing

sary, with the stake clerk or assistant that the proper class instructions are

Functions stake clerk serving as secretary. Since carried out, (3) by serving as contact

the stake president stands at the head By assignment of the stake presimen between the quorum presiof the stake and is the one directly dency, the chief functions of this comdencies and the stake presidency, and responsible for all Melchizedek Priestmittee are: (4) by seeing that the instructions of

hood activities, it is imperative that 1 To help train quorum officers in the General Authorities of the Church he serves as active chairman of the their duties so they may become efrelative to quorum activities are carstake Melchizedek Priesthood comfective in their leadership. ried out.

mittee. 2. To keep the stake presidency adSecond: Members of the stake MelUntil about a year ago, in some of vised so that quorums are kept orchizedek Priesthood committee should

the stakes one of the counselors to ganized. report promptly to the stake presithe stake president was serving as 3. To supervise the no liquordency any vacancy occurring in a

chairman of this committee, but at tobacco educational program of the quorum presidency.

that time the First Presidency issued Church, appointing a special subThird: The stake Melchizedek

instructions for the stake president to committee to handle the many dePriesthood committee is charged to act as the chairman. If there are any tails of this work. foster in every feasible way movestakes in the Church in which this 4. To conduct departments of the ments for law observances, law

change has not been made, it is sugmonthly stake priesthood leadership enforcement, and clean moral engested that the stake president assume meeting. vironments. This assignment includes

the chairmanship of the stake Mel- 5. To visit all quorum and group the encouraging of priesthood quorum

chizedek Priesthood committee immemeetings at least quarterly. officers to carry forward a continuous

diately. 6. To receive and audit quorum repersonal campaign of absolute abports. stinence from liquor, tobacco,.tea, and

Purpose 7. To make a quarterly summary of coffee, as well as fostering upright and

quorum reports on forms provided, so moral living in all respects.

The purpose of the stake Melthat such may be sent to the general Fourth: Members of the stake Melchizedek Priesthood committee is to priesthood committee by the stake chizedek Priesthood committee should

afford the stake presidency an effecpresident. visit at least quarterly the following

tive organization composed of suffi- 8. To receive and audit annual remeetings: (1) quorum presidencies'

tocient aid helpers him in guiding Priesthood ports Melchizedek from meetings, (both meetings (2) quorum

Priestall of Melchizedekthe affairs enter the reports quorums, and on class instructions business meetand hood quorums within the stake. To the stake summary, so that it may be ings), (3) group meetings, and

quote: mailed to the general priesthood com- (4) committee meetings.

The stake Melchizedek Priesthood committee by January 15. Fifth: The stake Melchizedek

mittee represents the stake presidency in 9. To audit quorum accounts when Priesthood committee should meet as

of all direction supervisionthe quorums and is installed. president a new least at a committee twice each

of the Priesthood the within Melchizedek promote and encourage 10. To is a these meetings month. One of tostake. be is appointed committee This

an aid to the stake presidency. 1 proper publicity of priesthood quorum planning meeting to prepare for the

activities. stake leadership departmental meetthat the It is to kept be in mind is to the other meeting and Procedure ings,'of stake the Melchizedekmembers receive report assignments. on and

Priesthood committee do not preside In order to carrvJ forward the work Sixth: It is the duty of the memwhen they visit the various quorum of the stake Melchizedek Priesthood bers of this committee to make special

meetings. The high councilors on committee, it is suggested that its preparations for the departments they

this committee take instructions from members observe the following policonduct in the monthly stake priestthe stake president to the quorum cies and procedures: hood leadership meetings and be very

presidencies and bring reports back, First: In their work of training efficient in this work4

thereby extending the directive powers quorum officers in their duties so they

Hbid., p. 14.

Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook, p. 11. sIbid., p. 38. *Ibid., pp. 37, 3940.

186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

Committee Secretary checking and compiling on the stake report form before sending the same to the genThe Church Moves On

The committee secretary plays an eral priesthood committee.

important role in the proper funcThe secretary will audit all reports, sum- (Concluded from page 136) figure marize the forms provided, them on of the stake tioning Melchizedek is approaching Angeles Los Temple all percentages totals. the compute and It Priesthood committee. is very imin Salt City. It is the completion Lake all secretary a of keeps The minute comportant that records are kept accurmittee meetings and performs any other work of Millard F. Malin. Plaster

ately and are complete in all details. duty assigned by the committee chairman. casts are to be sent to New York City

They should be made at the proper Under the direction of the chairman, the in five pieces, where the statue will be time in order that they may be sent secretary shall be responsible for making cast in aluminum. The completed

into Church headquarters when due. tiesa completeand recordsaudit ofas quorumrequired funds,by theproper-"Rework will be goldleafed.

When reports from the stakes are organization Audit and Transfer Report,"This week work has started on the late in arriving in Salt Lake City, it whenever a new quorum president is setower of the Los Angeles Temple.

ofttimes becomes necessary to leave lected/'them out of the compiled Church

Conclusion of the B. Isaacson j Bishop Thorpe n inconcauses report. This much * the * Presiding Bishopric dedicated tends venience and also to make the In conclusion, of the it should be kept chapel Ephraim West Ward,

compiled report inaccurate. The Melin mind that "the general and stake South Sanpete (Utah) Stake. The

chizedek Priesthood Handbook has authorities must rely upon these building will also be used as a stake the following to say regarding the stake committees to maintain life and center.

committee's secretary: activity in the Melchizedek PriestElder George E. Grover, formerly secIn addition to the chairman and comhood quorums. These committees ond counselor in the Shelley (Idaho)

mittee members, each stake Melchizedek are, therefore, of great importance, Stake presidency, succeeds President J.

Priesthood committee should have a secreproviding opportunities for service Berkeley Larsen. President Grover's

tary, who should preferably be the stake that challenge the wisest and ablest counselors are Elders Allen F. Larsen

as assigned or clerk an assistant someone Elder H. and Earl Tew. J. Cortez stakes.""brethren in the Thus,

responsibility clerk. It is the stake to the as first released counit is Christensen was

effective evident that the proper and of direction this secretary, the of under selor stake presidency. in the

the committee chairman (stake president), functioning of Melchizedek Priesthood to see that the quorum secretaries receive quorums and the growth attained by Elder Joseph Y. Toronto, formerly sectheir reports from the group secretaries every Melchizedek Priesthood holder ond counselor in the Palmyra (Utah)

that these are compiled by the quorum and are subsecretary; that the quorum reports will depend to a large degree upon Stakecounselor,presidencysucceeds sustainedElder LeGrandas firstF.

mitted to the stake Melchizedek Priesthood the efficiency of the stake Melchizedek Smith, recently called as president of committee chairman in ample time for Priesthood committee. the TexasLouisiana Mission. Elder

Hhid., pp. 1112. "Idem. Blaine M. Hansen sustained as second

counselor. President J. Angus Christensen presides in the Palmyra Stake.

Elder Victor L. Brown sustained as

second counselor in the Denver (ColoDIVINE GUIDANCE IN GATHERING GENEALOGY radoWyoming) Stake presidency, succeeding Elder Elmo C. Higginson. Other

(Concluded from page 164) veil, and that he was to hunt up members of the Denver Stake presidency he was to know these records were my father and other relatives who are President Edward E. Drury, Jr., and

recorded. Now he was ready, he had the gospel, and they would exJohn H. Vandenberg, first counselor.

said, to go over to the other side and plain the gospel to him in its fulmeet his loved ones. He remarked ness.

that I was not tall like the SatterTen days after I left him, he was i* "o Classesof the Saltfor choristersLake Cityandareaorganistsbegan fields. I said, "Uncle, I am astondead. His important work was finunder the direction of the Church music

ished you should say that, for you ished. committee.

are blind."He replied, "Ah, my

boy, I recognized your voice when you and came in. I saw you heard NEW GOLD nights in succession before you three 23 Iton wasthe announcedfont for thethatLostheAngeleswork

you came, and I knew why you came, By Eva Willes Wangsgaard Temple was nearing completion in Salt sculptors, F. Millard Lake City records."the to by the help me with lost considered A plant

S. Brooks, Torleif and Maurice I rejoiced again and was filled with ** cold Malin, soil and To sterile

a joy like that which took possession Puts on fresh foliage now Knaphus. Three oxen are being sculpthis section, the showing and of me in St. Louis. Tears rolled Like newly minted gold. tured,

necks, forequarters of heads, and hill to leaf the cheeks root from The cheeks and down my down the times. animals, four cast will be The heart climb, ever can No greatuncle. I told he him of my in castings will bronze be fitted will hearts gold four But mint new

would soon go to the other side of the If given time. into the circle surrounding the font.

MARCH 1954 187 ThePresiding

Challenging Record More Training of Quorum Presidencies Needed

Tf you do not know how little Aaronic "To exercise superintendence, guidPriesthood quorum presidencies know ance, or control."

about their responsibilities, ask them to The quorum president is then vested outline their duties to you. There are with the authority to supervise and give

a few quorum officers who can immedirection to the priesthood activities of diately answer your questions because his quorum members and to guide them they have been taught what is involved as their individual needs may require.

in presiding over a priesthood quorum. This is a far cry from simply "presidBut, for the most part, they know little ing"over a quorum meeting once a

or nothing beyond the most elementary week.

duties performed during the quorum 2. "To sit in council with them... ''

meeting. This means that the Lord expects the

The question for Aaronic Priesthood quorum president to "sit in council"leaders to answer is: How can Aaronic with his quorum members, collectively

Priesthood quorum presidencies be exand individually, admonishing them on

Noal B. Smedley pected to know their duties unless someall matters pertaining to their behavior

one teaches them? patterns as bearers of the priesthood.

... their teach duty them 3. "To of responsibilities are the some What is SecSyracuse in the a priest"Toal

is It president's responsibility to the of of presidents the teachers deacons and Davis (Utah) North ond Ward, of certain that the every make member presias of the quorums, bishop and

Stake. his in duties understands the quorum priests of the dent quorum? Lord The

During the seven years since he was charged these quorum presidents as folpriesthood and to provide him with full ordained a deacon, he has won seven lows: opportunity to exercise the priesthood he

Individual Aaronic Priesthood Awards. holds.

the one seven of theFive awards bear in the Included above charges would President of Deacons Quorum seal. percent attendance Noalhundred visit responsibility the president's to be

is also an Eagle Scout. And again, verily I say unto you, the his quorum members when they are

duty of a president over the office of a ill, discouraged, bereaved, or otherwise deacon is 1o preside over twelve deacons, in distress, to encourage them and to to sit in council with them, and to teach demonstrate his love and personal conthem their duty, edifying one another, as cern for them.

the covenants.YMMIA in Aaronic Priesthood it is given according to In all of these responsibilities, the

(D. & C. 107:85.)

presidents quorum of deacons and

Leadership Meeting teachers should make full use of their

President of Teachers Quorum counselors, giving them their rightful to attention privileges, share the direct of the opportunities, your again\X/e of president also the over the duty And blessings reof growing the and out officers fact that and ward YMMIA is to office preside of over teachers the the sponsibilities of presiding. bishop general as The theteachers, designated by

to sit teachers, in the of twentyfour and is disfor personally responsible in the Part attend to areboard, only One the council teaching with them, them the Ward Aaronic Priesthood leadership duties of their office, as given in the covecharge of his responsibilities since he meeting each month. nants. serves without counselors as the presiThe responsibility for attendance of (Ibid., 107:86.) dent of the priests quorum.

YMMIA leaders rests entirely with the officers of this organization and not upon President of Priests Quorum Recommendation for 1954 the bishopric or Aaronic Priesthood leaders. Also the duty of the president over the It is recommended that the stake comThere is no change whatever in the Priesthood of Aaron is to preside over mittee immediately undertake to set

order of business for Part One except fortyeight priests, and sit in council with in motion a program which will focus of their duties the to teach them, them Priestattention of the Aaronic ward of the directionthat, personal the under is in covenants the office, as given for a leaders training hood on program of activitiesbishopric, recreational is for to a bishop; be president This presidencies. program quorum Such to priesthood 12 in 21 workyoung men is priesthood. this of of duties this the one denot needless be need burdened with to are avoid correlated to beand YMMIA 107:8788.) (Ibid.,

It tail: should kept in simple be and to officers are notconfusion. YMMIA

be given direction of any part of the Note that in each of the three specific full accord with the word of the Lord ward Aaronic Priesthood leadership charges quoted above there are three disas quoted above.

meeting. tinct responsibilities set forth in each as Bishoprics and ward leaders will do

Following Part One, all YMMIA follows: well to welcome such assistance from

stake the committee. intoleaders separate their own depart-... '

is There of the 1. "To preside over plenty of room for improvethe instructions follow andment

general and stake boards. They have The word "preside"is defined as folment, and there is no time like the

no further contact with Aaronic Priestlows: present to move ahead with this worthy

hood leaders during the meeting. "To occupy the place of authority... project.

188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. PalmerBishoprics Page

Worthy Fathers to Ordain Each Ward Teacher Should Compete With Himself

Sons in Aaronic Priesthood "\T7hen we think of competition, most we can progress a long way toward it.

of us regard it as some sort of Our progress, however, will depend on

Tt has never been intended that worthy contest engaged in by two or more inour attitude toward improvement.

fathers who are priests or who bear dividuals or groups, determined to surEach ward teacher, if he is conthe Melchizedek Priesthood be denied pass the performance of rival contenders. scientious, knows his capacity. He also

the privilege of ordaining their own The best competitors are known as men knows his record, and in most instances sons to offices in the Aaronic Priesthood. of courage—men who reach their peak is aware of a need for improvement in

When fathers do not request the performance when the challenge is his work. Devotion to duty, conscienprivilege to ordain their sons, only the greatest. But seldom do we think of tious study, and teaching by personal

bishop and his counselors are to perbeing in competition with ourselves. example are some of the vital steps

form the ordinations. Washington Allston suggests that, "The leading to improved ward teaching.

only competition worthy of a wise man is with himself."Competing with oneself means personal improvement. DoValue of Cumulative ing better today than we did yesterday

better tomorrow than we did today. Award Record

Records Emphasized Every ward teacher is confronted with invitation to For 1952 Completed /areful observation discloses the fact a similar challenge—an

do better. In the Sermon on the Mount,

that, with notable exceptions, the the Lord pointed up some of the comTouring 1953, we issued the following individual are not records cumulative for 1952 Priesthood Aaronic awards of he told then of men; mon failings

in the roll books being computed in our a to establish faults. Finally, high new alltime to replace as virtues he

recommended. These computations are said, "Be ye therefore perfect, even as award program: 5 stake awards; 266

called for on the far right of the roll your Father which is in heaven is perward awards; 15,183 individual awards;

books. The secretary of the ward comfect."(Matt. 5:48.) This ideal sur1163 seals for perfect attendance at

mittee is responsible for this work which passes any known standard; and while priesthood and sacrament meetings for

should be completed immediately folwe do not expect to attain it in this life, the year.

lowing the last priesthood meeting each month.

Each quorum secretary has certain responsibilities in connection with the Inglewood Stake Conducts Novel Social for Aaronic Priesthood Leaders cumulative records, also. He should

carefully follow the instructions printed at the top of the page where these records are required.

Unless the cumulative records are faithfully computed each month, the bishopric will have considerable difficulty in following the order of business outlined for the monthly ward Aaronic

Priesthood leadership meeting.

Aaronic Priesthood Under 21

Annual Report

Required for 1953

"Carly in January, we sent to each bishop and branch president in the stakes, our new annual report entitled "Aaronic Priesthood Under 21—Annual Tnglewood Stake has come up with a refreshing idea for increasing the effectiveReport."The form was printed on green ness of Aaronic Priesthood leadership.

paper. At the beginning of the year, a dinner meeting was held for all stake and

Some have not yet responded to our ward leaders of Aaronic Priesthood under 21. Seventyfive leaders attended the

request for this report which was due unusual social and business meeting.

in our office January 20, 1954. Of course, the banquet was a great attraction. However, in addition, all

We must have this report from every leaders were effectively briefed on the objectives to be achieved during 1954.

ward and branch without exception. Well, after having been treated so kindly by the stake presidency and stake comTherefore, it will be appreciated if those mittee, what could ward leaders do but pledge their best in the achievement of

who have not yet reported (on the the desired goals?

green form) will help us out with an Stake and ward leaders have adopted the slogan, "When leaders lead—Boys

early response. will follow."All eyes on Inglewood during 1954.

MARCH 1954 189 THE PEACE OF RED MOTH meantdefeat toovercamedo for thehim.tribe,Theand Indiansstifling-

(Continued irom page 158) sembly lights were not extinguished would not listen to reason. So he

their cattle were blizzarded in drifts; in the council chamber until long lingered, a pathetic figure, in the

he deplored their stubborn use of past midnight. One by one the surly glow of the dying fire. He refire holes. He complained of their natives, wearied by the chief's long membered now when the government

eating in illsmelling hovels, filthy discourse yawned and walked out, census numbered him among the tepees, when decent homes had been leaving Red Moth alone. So he stayed tribe and sent him to Washington to

provided; their fences were down, on. The silence and his depression represent the Indians at the council.

rolls of barbedwire lay out in the were conducive to thought. He reHe thought of the hopelessness of all

snow. membered the night he had walked his efforts; and of his son of the toThe Indians seemed to be affected across the snow to the home of Nora morrows, a son with the blood of a

by nothing their chief had to say. Everett, and that eventful night that Shoshone, an inheritance of weird

A strange manifestation of hatred blazed his way back to his mother's frolics, incantations, rites of mysterishowed in their stoic demeanor. people; to the Shoshone Indians of ous healing and other incongruities.

The chief ceased talking. The asthe north. He thought of all he had He rebelled at the intolerance of nations and races. He resented the action of the government in denying

him the privilege of returning home;

yet deep in his mind he realized it was to this brooding people that he belonged, this unhappy race who knew only sorrow. His years of

struggle loomed before him, a veritable Sinai of failure, and he lamented the circumstances which had brought him into the world with the feelings of an Indian, and the hopes and aspirations of a white man. Night sharpened his depression. His life had been anything but

pleasant, and he rehearsed and saw it all staged again, just as it had been in the years that lay behind him, but it was the future of his boy now that was uppermost in his mind.

The last glow of the fire died away.

The great lodge doors swung shut.

He stepped out into the snow, and simultaneously through the night came the sharp report of a rifle.

Red Moth's body was found next morning, in a crumpled heap. He

had been shot; then hacked to pieces

by the crudest implement of Indian warfare, the tomahawk.

Untrained hands dressed the mutilated body of Chief Red Moth, and the Indian assassins slipped unapprehended into obscurity, for their treachery is as silent as an Indian tomb.

Dr. husband, Hale, was Nora's

to the LANOtNG AT $A called accompany to Shoshone

When a fighter pilot lands his plane on a flattop, one of his biggest metallic casket bearing Red Moth's problems is stopping the plane. To help him, a hook attached near body to that pioneer settlement where

the plane's tail engages one of the galvanized wire cables, mounted he was born. Here it was interred

on spring brackets, that stretch across the deck. The tobesidethat theof hisgravefather.of his mother, next

jla resiliency of the cable, plus the bracket action, helps Long ago the old board markers *01 the plane to stop promptly and safely. Only steel can at the graves had been replaced by

|vr do so many jobs so well. the Indian chief by shafts of native

granite.

At the graveside beside her husband, stood Nora Everett Hale and, 190 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA clinging to her mother's skirts was Medical Center. He had been He was thinking, as he lay there,

her blueeyed daughter, Nora. brought back seriously wounded from of the seriousness of his wounds. He

the ambush in Korea. "Fire from knew too well what they meant.

""The old order changes. Landmarks

his automatic rifle had slowed the "Sure, sure, you'll be okay,"said the been have but away, worn the colonel, as to the he bedcame rushing of hordes Chinese comtraditions of the Indians are imside, to trying look as hopeful he munists, giving his brothers -inarms milestones, breaking themovable fine studied of the features the their to reorganize time evacuate and of plain. thatmonotony sagebrush soldier, the noticed olivetinted and stood alone, wounded. had He Years altered the have landscape, skin.

once flowery mosaic of Indian meadow fighting until the enemy overran him. "But, sir, disabled soldiers were

with sun blotches of dryness. CiviliHe had received a citation for valor. never welcomed back with honor,

zation leans against the background of His act had stopped the enemy from among my peoplel"a turquoise sky on the borders of the overrunning his company's position, "Your people, your people,"exGreat Salt Lake. and for his dauntless courage and claimed the colonel. "Who were your

selfsacrifice I ask?"he was recognized by his people, may t was winter of 1919 and the fast superior officers."(Concluded on following page) I

flying express steaming through the Narrows slowed up at an insignificant railway station where the telegraph operator dozed. Snow sifted

silently downward over the land, draping the mountains in white, as ENJOY an army officer and his wife alighted from the train. The woman was a

blonde blueeyed little person and she clung to her husband's coat DIFFERENT sleeve as once she had held to her mother's skirts. Groping their way

through the snow, they sought the graves beside the white meetinghouse Rich in milk!on the hill. The officer bared his

head in reverence as he whispered half aloud, "It was for you dear ones that I served worldand for the my.everybody knows that milk and bread

It in thecountry. hope was of are two of the most wholesome foods.

permanent peace."You get both in Table Queen Gazing upon the graves, he took

Bread because each poundfrom his breast his Medal of Honor contains the nonfat milkand let it fall without the faintest sound into the drift that covered his solids of 7 ounces of father's grave. The two stood for milk. It is the best

a moment in silence, then a distant food buy purring sound came over the Rockies at your and a silver plane circled above grocer's.

them for a moment, then winged its way on and out of sight.

"It is my father's answer, Nora.

I am satisfied."He remembered the

old tradition of the "Silver Eagle"in answer to a prayer.

"Wasn't it strange, Red Moth, that we should meet an overseas—you

officer, I a nurse; that we should

marry and return to their birthplace, your father's and my mother's?"She Enriched

stooped and lifted the medal from with vitamins where it had fallen in the snow.

and iron "He may be proud of this some Royal Baking Co.

day, if our little one is a son, and Salt Lake and Ogdcn may the Great Spirit of the Shoshones guard him forever, and may there be peace everlasting!"

()nly grandson of Barry Red Moth and his Indian wife lay still in TABLE QUEEN BREAD

Ward II of the United States Army

MARCH 1954 191 The Peace Of Red Moth (Concluded from preceding page) "The first Americans, sir, the very first! They always dreamed of peace,

and tried to preserve it, but there is no peace. War is earth's unpardonable sin."

Exhausted, Barry Red Moth sank Jtbu expect more deep into his pillows. The metal

and plastic armor clamped too tightly his broken body, held in its masterful grip. The colonel's visage grew

gray as Barry murmured, "The Great

Spirit of my people must have gone behind a cloud that day in our national history, sir, behind a cloud!"

The soldier's voice trailed away and then went flat. Outside the

hospital windows a blanket of sky unfolded over the far -reaches of green lawn; the Judas trees were

fevered and flushed with blossoms, attracting hosts of brilliantly colored butterflies. A mist of dogwood bloom

sprayed a crop of baby pines, and the wilted petals from the famous

Japanese cherry blossoms lay in pink dunes along the winding paths. A

crested blue jay claimed priority over the topmost bough of a silver spruce, claimed by a cardinal who argued loudly for dominion.

Barry heard their argument and turned his gaze to the colonel.

"Birds, like men and nations, continue their disputes over boundaries and ideologies when the world is full of space for peace and good will."

His one arm slipped from beneath

UTAH OIL REFINING CO. thehardcoverlet.as he lookedThe colonelagain swallowedinto the

quiet face of a great American soldier!

Some Foods Are Drugged (Continued from page 159)

sulphites are still generally prohibited in meats. Wiley's experiments were the most complete, wellcontrolled, and exhaustive tests made

up to that time or since, and his conclusions were definite enough forr cMoiAKfik guamost people."In recent years (1934)

where $2.25 buys the most expensive dinner on the menu Dr. Morgan and her associates showed

that sulphites destroy certain frac-... and that's for Sizzling Steak. You can get roast sirloin of beef

for $1.30, including appetizer, soup, salad, fresh vegetable, potato, tions of Vitamin B, particularly thiaroll, dessert, beverage. Here's one good reason why Hotel Temple mine, a substance not known back in

Square Coffee Shop and Temple View Dining Room are fast be1912. And in 1940, 1941, and 1943,

Salt Lake's favorite spots. dining coming The food is delicious, Fitzhugh and his collaborators proservice excellent. Bring family soon. the whole

duced added evidence of harm HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE caused by sulphites taken into the body.

Clarence I. West, Manager

Perhaps the small amounts of sul192 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA phites eaten in dried fruits would not be too serious if it stopped there, but UTAH'S FIRST CHARTERED SAVINGS BANK with the "hole left in the dike"back in 1912, the flood of sulphites is rapidly spreading to other foods. Sulphites have long been used by LOANS FOR SPRING

insome merchants ground meats beREMODELING, cause they give the bloom of youth to meats which are long past their RENOVATION, prime. They also tend to cover up DECORATION.

the stench of the putrefaction of meats. Labels on other foods show

many processors of foods are using these preservatives. Sulphites now are

also being used in making readypeeled potatoes permanently white, for bleaching potato chips, for preserving grapes, citrus pulp, frozen Fast fruits, and many other food products. Friendly

In a recent survey, food officials Service found on the market shelves of LOWEST

Utah that some brands of dried RATES fruits, raisins, maraschino cherries, molasses, glace fruits, fruit cake, mix, horseradish, and instant potato all contained sulphur dioxide—the basisof the sulphites. zion's savings bank

Many food officials and others are viewing the practice with apprehension. The Council on Food and Nu- & TrustDAVID O. McKAY,CompanyPRESIDENT

trition of the American Medical AsSouth Temple & Mair-. Salt Lake City Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

sociation in April of 1949 had this to say about the use of some of these substances:

At present there is being introduced a new processing practice which this council views with considerable apprehension;

namely, the widespread addition of certain surfaceactive compounds (shortening extenders) to a variety of foods, especially bread and other bakery products. Available

knowledge of the possible toxicity of these substances is fragmentary. The employment of these agents in the processing of

such basic foods as bread and bakery goods as well as other foods (such as ice cream, candy, peanut butter, etc.) could lead to

the ingestion of considerable quantities of materials of uncertain toxicologic action.

Unless the complete harmlessness of these agents can be demonstrated beyond reasonable doubt, they should not, in the council's opinion, be employed in basic foods.

Thiourea is another of these unproven substances. It is sometimes Salt Lake's

to color of preserve theused fruits. citrus prevent fruits most popular dining spotand to mold on

Yet it was found that a shipment of oranges which had been dipped whole into a solution of thiourea contained in the flesh of the orange sufficient thiourea to kill rats. Some apricots

shipped into Pennsylvania contained SHOP enough day. Incidentally, thiourea to killAntu—therats in onerat Hotel Utah Max Carpenter, Manager

poison of alphathe hour—is Bring the children—we love them!

(Concluded page):"-':v I on following

MARCH 1954 193 Why Share Your Space SOME FOODS ARE DRUGGED with a Swinging Door?

(Concluded from preceding page) keep as many harmful or questionanaphthyl-THIOUREA—a close relable substances as possible out of the

ative of the thiourea used on our food of consumers. In order to profruits. Recently poultry producers vide better facilities for the protechave been using an artificial female tion of foods in the interest of conhormone, which is injected into sumers and processors, alike, in this

chickens to make them gain weight respect, in 1953 the Utah Legislafaster and make them more tender ture amended our State law covering for eating. A recent communication the adulteration of foods to provide

from the Food and Drug Administrathat the State might (1) exercise intion has indicated there is a possible creased control of the use of preservahealth hazard involved in marketing tives and additive substances in foods of poultry which has been treated that they might require proposed with this product. Mink raisers fed users to show by presentation of

to their mink parts of the carcasses properly authenticated, scientific inof birds so treated, and soon discovformation that the substance being a "MODERNFOLD"ered the drug was causing sterility in proposed for use is not harmful; (2)

their animals. Could this happen establish tolerances and standards for takes door none to humans eating the meat of such the use of antiseptic or preservaFOR LIVING MORE SPACE

NEW COLORFUL RIGID - STRENGTHBEAUTYOF STEEL treated poultry? This certainly inditive substances or other chemical adMOVABLE WALLS cates that we do not know enough ditives in foods and stating in which

the that doors fold about the product to justify its use food products they may be used;

like accordion an indiscriminately. Its use is also spread- (3) require the proposed user to give

ing to sheep, pigs, and cattle which the department, in writing, notice of are raised for meat purposes. It is such intended or proposed use at

known that "man is more susceptible least ninety days prior to such into the majority of toxic substances tended use; (4) issue a stop order, if

For demonstration write or phone than any other species."The Federal it deems necessary, pending the obPure Food Act states, taining of further information or if

necessary, such in the action becomes Foods may be consumed the strong by 1343 South ALDER'SMain Salt Lake City protection a supply, of a food and the weak, the Phone 7-1531 old and the young, the

Please send me your free booklet entitled well and the sick; and it is intended that permanent order prohibiting such use

"More Space for Living"IE-3. if any food, because of any added poisonous may be issued; and (5) hold hearNAME or added deleterious ingredient, may posings before standards and tolerances

Address sibly injure the health it of these, of any substance is estabon any or food

City State shall come within statute. of the the ban at lished representawhich industry

tives, as well as consumers, may pre- c/1 c ENTURY OF Almost daily, requests come to the sent discussion or testimony pertinent office of food officials asking for perto the problem at hand.

mission to sell in our markets foods Officials in all of the states are also with unproved chemicals in them. trying to help in the fight by banningyM** The officials feel that some of these foods with certain substances in them

chemicals, which must now be tolerand setting up tolerances for others. Write for information '!*

is interesting to note that some on type of organ ated by consumers when the damage It in which you to the body is not known, may tomormanufacturers have put up two packs are interested. S row or ten years from tomorrow be of such foods—one with preservatives

proved harmful in some way not now in to sell in states where it is alknown or recognized. They feel it is lowed, and one without, to sell in

-4 their duty to inform the public and to states which did not allow their sale.

PIPE ORGANS Asu i 1*>I*MJ REED ORGANS THESE TIMES

(Continued from page 134) volving persons of Japanese descent in aliens and II and involving inESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO,VT. wheretates ofit Congress,is obligatedof tothefollowPresident,the dicof Worldpersons Waradmitting the membership

PUiibrcakable moiilfird powerful waves or fearridden public communist party since that time have i to look like glass. Light* opinion; and, that in this situation, the overridden claims of private right and

t weight, noise free, lieoancient "procedures"which underlie have upheld acts of Congress, and the nomieul. height. Standard

Order from your dealer. freedom of speech, expression, religion, acts and authority of administrative

SB 167 $T.25 of interpretation trends Four in the trial our fears and resultant "mob psySI. Mail 00 for lot of Doz. H y SPECIAL OFFER and personal liberty are endangered by agencies. sent postpaid. dozen one process"chology.""due have been noted by ProGRASS GOODS 10. 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass. It is true that decisions of the court infessor Robert J. Harris in a study pub-

1 94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lished in the American Political Science Review. Two are in favor ofgovernmental action, as opposed to inbuilding? remodeling?

dividual or group rights, namely, (1) the withdrawal of due process as a constitutional limitation on social legislajust planning?

tion, taxing, and governmental regulation, the curtailment and (2) of due then be sure to see the new asprocess a limitation on administrative action. In other words, the due

process clauses no longer restrict the price controls and othergrowth of curtis QfrtJOViXMt legislation as formerly;regulatory and,

in the administration of price and other controls, government doesn't have toworry as much about its procedures as WINDOW formerly. A third trend saw the expansion of due process as a guarantee of

rights of speech, assembly, religion, etc.,

until World War II, the "cold,"and

Korean wars made their impact. The

court will now permit rights to be more restricted by government; for example,

courts are inclined to uphold the constitutionality of loyalty oaths, loyalty investigations, and other legislation which has (formerly) been obnoxious to American citizens. The fourth

trend has been to extend the meaning of the process due to persons accused of crime, so as to guarantee fair trial.

But the future vigor of "due process"in this field is also somewhat in doubt in terms of those accusations that border on the difficult field of "political"crimes. Using only this one new type of

window CURTIS joins a Justice Chief Supreme Warren WO D WO RK 'Seenearestthemlumberat your ments—awningunit, youwindows—hopcan have casefive of of in a majority whichCourt

pertype walls;titE dealer"sash—window Justices, to Dr. Associate accordingthe

unlimited all at Insulated arrangements—Pritchett of the UniversityHerman

fit cost to of a your budget.

incline to support the governChicago, ment rather than individual rights Come in and see this amazing new MORRISONMERRILL & CO.

when difficult cases, always confusing Curtis Silentite window! Building Material Distributors

and complex, arise. These are Justices

Jackson, Clark, Burton, Minton, and

Reed. Only three of the Justices, according to this study, are inclined in

such cases to interpret "due process"in favor of the liberty of the individual.

They are reputedly Justices Douglas,

Black, and Frankfurter. Obviously, this

classification is too simple. A vote for

authority and the government may on occasion do more to secure national freedom than a vote for a private litigant.

Chief Justice Warren has a rendezvous with the destiny of "due process of law"in these times.

saves time

The March of Dimes has paid for When BY NUMBER.you're callingLong outdistanceof town,calls itgosavesthroughtimefasterif youthatCALLway.

4,145 scholarship and fellowship awards for medical study and research P.S.outof-townYou'll findtelephoneit's anumbersgood ideayou tofrequentlykeep a personalcall. The hst"Blueof

during the past 16 years. Book of Personal Telephone Numbers"is free. Just ask at

your telephone business office.

The Mountain States Telephone & Telegraph Co.

MARCH 1954 195 IRIS PARKER EditorToday tftoi

The Bensons Like Simplicity ishours).tender Serve(aboutwithonemashedand potatoes,onehalf

a green vegetable, and a fruit salad.

Serves six to eight.

up. are In the, growing wife they Benson, of when AmussenFlora Pineapple Marlow (Ice Cream) increasing family the Benson, was Ezra Taft Apostle past when now

serving his country as Secretary faster than the income, she willingly of Agriculture, is, in the eyes of her sacrificed and, by expert manage241 marshmallowsNo. 2 can crushed pineapple

family and in the words of her husment, stretched her husband's salary 12/3 cups evaporated milk of expenses. a to the perfect added meet example band, "the l/4 cup lemon juice

is of It typical wife, mother, her that when Saint and Latterday homemaker."What greater tribute Brother Benson received his high call Melt marshmallows with juice of

could a woman wish! to the cabinet in Washington she pineapple in double boiler. Remove

Let us examine some of the attristayed behind in Salt Lake City to from heat and add crushed pineapple.

butes that call forth such praise. sell the home and manage all deWhip chilled milk until stiff.* Add

tails incident to moving, while her lemon juice to milk. Fold pineapple

in two pour and milk mixture into husband rushed to Washington at the freezin trays. (ice) Keep refrigerator

call of the President. This is not the ing compartment of refrigerator until

first time she has been left with the firm. Makes eight servings. full responsibility of the family—in

fact, Brother Benson has been away Orange Slice Cookies "half of our married life in his business activities and Church responsiy4 cup brown sugar cup white sugar bilities,"she remarks. "That's not %

only true,"says her husband, "but ]/22 eggscup shortening without nobly has carried on she cups flour a \ l/2 splendid is also a She murmur. baking powder 1 teaspoon

manager and a good housekeeper."1 heaping cup of orange gum slices

She mends well, although you won't cut up fine find fancy needlework in her sewing y2 cup nuts basket. She likes to cook and her y4 teaspoon salt

repertoire includes some delicious Cream sugars and shortening. Then

Flora Benson Danish dishes (from her Scandiadd beaten eggs. Sift together flour,

She puts first things first. And first navian ancestors) and some exotic baking powder, and salt, and combine

with her are her Church, her husChinese concoctions (echoes of her with other ingredients. Add orange

band, and her family. Her service Hawaiian mission). slices and nuts. Spread about onehalf

to the Church is augmented through Bank-A-Key toinch350thickovenin 9"aboutby 9"thirtypan.minutes.Bake in 325(Do Latterday perfect the role as her

steak, becut oneto undercook, not round 4 pounds overcook—better her devo- 3 to mother; wife Saint and and of too a small cause thick with if baked they dry out easily amount inch

tion to the Church adds considersuet) long.) Slice while warm.

ably to her effectiveness as a home- 1 cup sliced onions maker. 2 tablespoons flour Gingersnaps

Flora Benson, charming and at l'/2 quarts boiling water (approx.)

shortening cup % 1 could bay leaf of society, level in any home 1 sugar cup salt 1 tablespoon social varied a gay enjoyed and have cup molasses y4 pepper teaspoon life desired, so but during she had Y2 1 egg the years of her marriage she has Render suet in large, heavy twoquart 2 cups flour rendered of the of skillet. In half interests to herself the devoted salt teaspoon fat, l/4

sides. Remove on both brown steak of her rearing the teaspoons soda and her 2 husband

children. Generally speaking, she meat to saucepan and add onions to 1 teaspoon cinnamon

has not looked with favor on wives fat; fry until golden. Add onions to 1 teaspoon cloves

of rendered half second meat. Add 1 ginger teaspoon postoutside and the home working well.. flour pan. brown and suet to Add shortening and sugar. Add Cream or for families mothers poning their skillet, to fill making almost water Add Sift together molasses. egg beaten and

to leave their children to themselves gravy. Stir until it is smooth and bring remaining ingredients and combine with

or in the care of others. She believes to boiling. Pour this over meat and creamed mixture. Roll in small balls.

to privilege is it leaf and a responsibility and seasonings. onions; add bay

at all times over covered low heat close to her children Cook be until meat and*Chillbeatermilkalso.in freezer until ice cold. Chill bowl

196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dip in sugar. Place in pan two inches

apart. Pat down with fork. Bake at

375 for about fifteen minutes.

T ife in the Benson household, now that they are one of the "first families"of the nation, goes on much as it has in the numerous other situations in which they have found themselves. Home is still the place they

love best and where their most enjoyable hours are spent. The important elements of love, comradeship, consideration, and devotion to

the gospel are present, as always, in abundance.

In the entertaining that Flora Benson has been required to do in Washington, her genuine warmth of spirit and unaffected, gracious manner, together with her efficient planning and organizing, have made her a most successful hostess. She has been described as being the epitome of

wholesomeness. As much as possible, their entertaining is a family

affair, wherein the girls, with their natural poise and charm, graciously fit into the picture, providing entertainment or assisting their mother with her hostess responsibilities.

When at home, the boys, too, share in the responsibilities of preparation and entertainment.

She recently became a grandmother. Her eldest son, Reed, who

is a chaplain in the Air Force stationed at San Antonio, Texas, was out of ways Oddinvited to Sacramento to spend his 3 birthday, January 2, with his brother

Mark, and his sisterin-law, Lela. On spongefibre"Paper Towelsthat day, January 2, Lela gave birth ZEE

to a son, so they have decided to name save you work... save you time!

the child after Reed, Stephen Reed

Benson. The entire Benson household is delighted with the new arrival. ZEE's "sponge fibres"make ZEE Towels

Other children in the Benson famsofter, more absorbent...make work lighter

ily include Barbara, who is attending

Brigham Young University, and because they soak up grease and moisture

Beverly, Bonnie, and Flora Beth, with faster, more thoroughly. Whatever the

their parents in Washington, D. C.

Flora Benson often says to her cleaning or cleanup job, save work, save children, "We have little money to time with ZEE Towels!

leave you, but of far greater value, we hope to leave you a testimony of the gospel, a rich heritage, a good name and clean bodies, and a love ZEE the softer, more and respect for honest work."That absorbent Towels with the

is in part the creed of Flora Amussen easy, even tear!

Benson, whose greatest pride is in the service and achievements of her husband and children, especially in the

Church, in which she has been a constant help and inspiration. She is

a woman who puts first things first. Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1954

MARCH 1954 197.

IKlliiillpllillll lo Other Organ offers so much!

BE SURE TO GET y?

It's more versatile... more

beautiful... more authentic.

Its America's Best Organ value!

You must see it... hear it...

play it to fully appreciate the big difference and advantage

it offers. Dining Rooms Should Be Cheerful

Call, phone 9-7633 or tvrite for by Louise Price Bell demonstration. No obligation.

Inexpensive, painted furniture in a figured material; this adds interest

dining room can be very attractive and cheer to the room. When

aiines Music if the table and chairs are painted flowers are not in season, try to have yellow or applegreen, and the chair a bowl of fruit on the table for post-

I 111 4547 SOUTH MAIN seats are covered with a chintz, meal nibbling and between meal color II I I M I II l 5afrateC/fy 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVOV'2260 WASHINGTON BLVD..06PEN cretonne, or a plastic material that has and attractiveness. We should try to

color, combined with other ones in make our dining room as gay as posits design. Sometimes, too, it is insible, since our surroundings affect

Let us help you.. teresting to curtain one window with our appetites, or so the psychologists

a plain color, and the others with a tell us!

BRING YOUR RELATIVES, FRIENDS from EUROPE Bring your families by air or sea and let us worry about HANDY HINTS tape. the red can We assist Payment for Handy Hints used will be Spools make ideal clothing hangers in the with all of necessary the you

arrangements and book all one dollar upon publication. In the event garage or workshop. They eliminate clothtransportation. that two with the same idea are submitted, ing tears and stretching of materials.

the earlier will receive one postmarked there or the garments are wet damp, Call or write today for all details: the When

dollar. of the ideas returned, can None be clothing. the rust marks will be on no

but careful will receive each consideration. UNIVERSAL—N.B., Cheyenne, Wyoming.

roll or crackers dried to you want When INC. SERVICE, TRAVEL plastic bread, place in drawstring a them set of tines card, recipe the between A Hotel Square Temple bag. bag, the Crush and you have glass in fork a placed drinking the a you when SALT LAKE CITY

it all of table in the instead over crumbs is easily bake, read Mrs. stays clean. and Phones: 5-5924, 5-6552

or floor. B.H., Richmond, Va. G. H., Hinckley, Utah.

198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ITS NW! ITS SPBXV New!

TUNAina Any recipe bakes better with /%oaXlS/aU* BAKED TUNA ROLL SPERRY or double your money back! All measurements are level. Sift flour before

measuring.

Try it! Use this famous, reliable flour in any SiftIVitogethercups siftedinto Sperrymixing bowlDrifted Snow

recipe you like. Then check results. If you don't 1% teaspoons"HomePerfected"doubleactionEnriched Flour

honestly agree that Sperry Drifted Snow Flour l/2 teaspoonbaking saltpowder bakes better than any allpurpose flour you have 1 teaspoon sugar

Add all at once ever used, send grocer's sales slip showing purVi cup Wesson Oil

Vfc cup cold milk chase of Drifted Snow to Sperry Flour, San FranV2 cup grated American cheese cisco 6, and get double your money back. Stirup intountila mixtureball. Placecleansdoughsidesbetweenof bowl and2 sheetsroundsof

waxed paper, 10x12 inches. Roll until dough

Valuable Silverware Coupon in reaches all edges. Peel off top paper and arrange

sack—Get lovely Queen Bess patoblongedge. Spreadwith entirelongestsurfaceside parallelofdoughtoevenlyfrontwithtable

tern silverware in Tudor Plate. tuna filling

Made by Oneida Community silRoll up as for jelly roll, starting from longest side.

versmiths. Coupons with higher Sealsheet lengthwiseunder filled seam.roll untilCarefullyit is entirelyslide ona bakingbaking

values in larger size sacks. sheet. Grasp waxed paper at back, lift and pull

forward turning entire roll onto center of baking

Martha Meade's success recipes sheet.from dough.Then Usingcompletea sharpremovalknife,ofslashwaxedrollpaperdiagfor all bakings in sack, too. onally into 6 pieces, cutting about halfway

through filled roll. Bake in. a hot oven, 450,

about 20 minutes or until roll is a rich golden brown. Serve with any desired sauce. 6 servings.

TUNA FILLING Mix together well 1 can flaked tuna 2 tablespoonsSberw (undrained) minced parsley

DRIFTED SNOW FLOUR y2 cup finely chopped Vz teaspoon salt "HOMEPERFECTED"ENRICHED celery Vs teaspoon pepper grated cooked eggs, 1 teaspoon 2 hard "DRIFTED SNOW,""MARTHA MEADE.""SPERRY."AND onion chopped "HOMEPERFECTED"ARE REGISTERED

TRADE MARKS OF GENERAL MILLS. INC. 2 tablespoons mayonnaise

MARCH 1954 199 Your Home—A Thing of Beauty

w/d it a /you forever f \Jr a /yob *Jorever f

by Verda Mae Christensen

rELL, I must leave you,"my sising that greasy film that inevitably ter wrote in her letter, "leave collects on most dishes on most top "you so that I can scrub, polish, shelves of most kitchens. Try spreadwax, and do all the little things to ing an old dish towel or other cloth

make my home a thing of beauty over the top of the dishes. Let it do

that is a job forever."I chuckled the dust and greasecatching for you.

at how aptly she had expressed the You'll appreciate not having to wash feeling we all get as homemakers your china before you can use it, too.

that nothing is so constant as And you'll be grateful for the greasy woman's work. And she had voiced film that does not get into those intrithatlater—thattruth ifwewe allare admitto keep soonerour homeor Thosecate carvingspieces tooonpreciousfine tobric-a-brac.be risked

a thing of beauty, it is, whether we on living room tables while children like it or not, pretty much of a job are young can be preserved in all forever. their beauty for the day when it's

different that is quite a bread Here's and uses. with a safe to bring them down again. Cannot has be made many

peeled, apple is but not cored mix. The While we're on the subject of of the skin color shows up and the

slightly in the bread. Like all quick kitchen cupboards, down in the botbreads it's better made a day before use. tom where lie the pots and pans and

several If desired, loaves can be made at cans, you've probably had the experiin freezer once, then wrapped when cold paper or aluminum foil and stored in the ence of scouring your shelves clean

It's freezer. delicious perfectly home for and lining them with fresh paper,

as a boxes, or used sandwich lunch bread with a fruit filling, or spread with only to find that in less than a week softened butter and served at afternoon they are all marked up again tea parties, picnics, and porch parties. marked with those perpetual traces

A.r APPLE BREAD A

Yield: 1 loaf, 9x5x3 inches

2 cups sifted 1 cup grated raw allpurpose apple {unpeeled flour there are Yet your ways to make core and 2 teaspoons less of a job of a home and more removed) Clabber Girl baking powder 2 eggs, well beaten joy. And we would do well to take

1 teaspoon salt Vz teaspoon finely stock of them now that housecleaning beet or grated cup Yi orange time is here again. Those high rind sugar cane

% cup shortening 3 tablespoons milk shelves on your kitchen cupboards,

Sift together flour, baking powder, salt and for instance, can be plenty discouragpastry with blender shortening sugar. Cut in

well. until fine. blend eggs and Mix ing. They're loaded with things you Add

together grated apple, orange rind and seldom use, and yet some of them are stir just to to blend milk. mixture and Add is valuable. very finest Your china into well greased smooth. Turn pan,u

1 at 350 it inches. Bake hour stored F often there, destined, someuntil9x5x3 that of every have appearing a way

oven). (moderate Cool

for times seems, catchexcept nothing time sur- a metal a painted pan and before completely pan. from removing old. face rub noses. I thumbtacked clear Slices best one day

plastic over my lower cupboard shelves and have been happy about them ever since.

NOTE... Don't let yourself

forget how good your Whether you're the family bookbaking can be. keeper or not, you're probably held

responsible for the whereabouts of

Good Housekeeping household bills, letters, pamphlets, and catalogs. You'll bless the day

CLABBER GIRL youwhereinvestedall thatin youa flexiblewant tofilingkeepfoldercan is now xcluMixii{ known as be filed alphabetically as soon as it

WITH POWDER THE BAKING arrives in your house. Under the ACTION DOUBLE THE Balwuxd

HULMAN & COMPANY "G"go the grocery slips and so on.

TERRl HAUTE INDIANA Then there comes a time when the 200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA file needs cleaning out, too; but at

least everything is in one place. Homemaking will be less of a "job MORE PEOPLE PREFER

forever"if you remember the upkeepproblem at the time you make a THE WURLITZERhousehold investment—in curtains,

for instance. The ruffled organdyones I first had in my kitchen looked PIANO

first fresh for thelovely week and they than any other up.after they done But were

were such a job to do that I wasreally glad the day they wore out. MAKE!

And I can't say that they looked any better in my kitchen than do the new terry cloth "drapes"I have now that wash up clean, fresh, and bright and Because require no a quick press. ironing—just

When you make a decision about shampooing your carpet, remember that while all wool shrinks slightly, it also "lives"on moisture. You

will add to its life and lustre if you never allow it to become too dirty. or used

If carpeting is properly laid to begin with, allowance is made for shrinkage in shampooing. We all have our

favorite methods, but most people agree that the chief secret of success in rug shampooing is to use pure suds, generally a detergent, worked up from cool water. Don't make the

mistake of putting a divan or a chair back on a freshly shampooed rug before the rug is dry. The little metal r

offeet the the bottom on carpeting. rust spotsleave your on legs will KITCHEn CHflRITl For America's Finest

rust stubborn have If you Highway Transportation stains on WAXED PAPER tile bathroom, kitchen or in youryour try hydrogen peroxide to remove KEEPS FOOD the It will accomplishthem. job FRESHER LONGER! elsewhere nothing I know will. And

laundry bleach, poured full strength over kitchen tile and sink and left overnight, can perform whitening wonders never delegated to a scrubbing brush or to regular sink cleanser.

Then there is the problem of children and crayon marks on walls.

Once the marks are on, you'll probably use whatever will work to get them off—ordinary bathroom cleanEnjoy THRU BUS Service

ser, if the surface is painted; or those on main line trips...

soap pads you use for shining up your convenient service on stove and your saucepans. If the ALL Greyhound trips.

writing is on the wallpaper it can The name "Greyhound"hasbe washed off, too—sometimes at a become the standard by which

slight sacrifice to the pattern, but even we measure all the good things that looks better than the crayon. But in highway travel. Check Greyan ounce of prevention is worth a hound's service to your destinafind it always conpound of cleanser here. There is, on tion—you'll

the market, a product called "Crayvenient, frequently "through,"off"that does come off. It is a colorand today's best travel bargain.

ing stick, more expensive than crayons, but well worth the additional POPULAR WITH MILLIONS GREYHOUND investment if your children have not OF HOUSEWIVES... The Friendly Way To Travel

(Continued on following page) AT ALL LEADING GROCERS

MARCH 1954 201

Your Home—A Thing Of Beauty

more than meets the EYE (Continued from preceding page) yet learned how grievous is the sin of writing on the walls.

And now to the chest of drawers:

The bestkept drawers of all of us "gang aft agley."But a few simple

hints can help you to keep them straight most of the time. Just reof putting principle basic the member

y% J- Behind each day's issues of The Salt Lake Tribune are the that it sight so in plain everything ee> "concerted efforts of thousands of men and women reporting can be readily found as soon as the drawer is open and so that you don't "% news events from all parts of the globe for ALL the need to root under anything to lo-.'J'- tg? cate a given article. I had a roomgreat wire services. And here in the Intermountain mate once who taught me by example what wonderful spacesaving

Empire, a large corps of staff members, correspondents and orderly beauty could be effected if one rolled up everything rollable.

and editors are dedicated to the task of providing In her drawers, everything that wouldn't wrinkle was rolled into comthe complete, unbiased and objective news coverage which pact and separate units, arranged in tidy rows. With proper arrangehas earned for The Tribune a ranking position as one ment of this sort, I've found that

one drawer can do the work of of America's Great Newspapers. three.

As we discover these new and bet- e Jfolt $$kt %fibimc tercleaning,methodsall ofof ushousekeepingsay to ourselves,and

The TIE That Binds the INTERMOUNTAIN WEST! "Why didn't I think of that before?"

You'll feel that way the first time you use a roller for painting walls, ceilings, and even cupboards; the first

the panes on a window instead of NEW MOVIES The Popularity time you use masking tape to protect trying to wipe the paint from them for LD.S. GROUPS of an afterwards; the first time you use a

OLIVER COWDERY regular drop cloth to cover the floor

Witness painting; you're while furniture and BOOK OF MORMONto the ELECTRIC reach a time you the first or even

high ceiling over a stairway by tightCLOTHES ly taping the roller or brush handle

It really gives DRYER tomop,anotherfor instance.long handle—from a dust

you a long arm, does a nice job, and is is infinitely safer than risking your

Skyrocketing you'reneck onwashingsome precariouswalls in aperch.smokyWhencity,

*-*> try a good soft scrubbing brush, the

See this period of Church History come to life in beautiful full color. size you use on the floor. You can do

45 minutes Rental, $15.00

larger areas at once; and you'll be

THE CHOICE LAND See Nephi, Mormon, and Joseph Smith surprised at how quickly and effiglowingly portrayed in color.

minutes Rental, $10.00 ciently it loosens stubborn dirt. If 30

ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO you want to restore a high gloss to

Bodies Our What They Do To are apparent your paint afterwards, it's easily done of each The effects made tests Laboratory through experiments and by rubbing with a dry cloth, or by for with people. nice Especially showing

to boys and girls. wiping the whole surface quickly with

Rental, 11 minutes $2.50 start glue. sizing of And solution

other Buy From Your Dealer a films Also the Old and on New Testathose to save at ment, fine the as well bottom films entertainment as washing cartoons. For dates, costs details and and

pictures call of other available, write "rundown"marks. or

S Use Electricity during those busy housecleaning HILLAM16 mm Pictures Inc. Be Thrifty Why not keep up your own morale

54 Post Office Place Salt Lake City. Utah UTAH POWER I LIGHT CO. days? Instead of wearing your oldest Phone 3-5417

and worst clothes, put on a nice 202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fresh, washable frock. And take time

for makeup and haircombing. You'll

never have any company more important than your own mirror. Then

if there are times when your work seems all drudgery or your calling unimportant, remember what President

Brigham Young had to say: "I am addressing myself to the ladies of the

kingdom of God,"said President

Young, "to those who know how to keep their houses, furniture, and beds pure and clean, who can cook food for their husbands and children in a way that it will be clean, tasteful, and wholesome. The woman that

can do this I call a lady.... A good Cooking is her favorite hobby

housewife, whether she possesses much or little, will have a place for everything she has in the house, and Wins 3 Top Awards in Cooking Competition make her house orderly and comfortable, and everything when wanted Little Eianar is giving that ribbon time... and it's easy to use."

can be found in its place. If I had close inspection. It's one his mother All during Lent you'll want to

nothing but a piece of an old newswon for her cooking. Just last year serve yeastraised specialties—deliPhilip Firth, of Mrs. Idaho, Swenson if cious nourishing. and you now And for a holder, I would foldedpaper took at contests in cooking 3 awards they're to bake at home, easy make it hand put I could wherehave my the Fair. State Eastern Idaho Fleischmann's with Yeast. Active Dry

if I in the it dark in a moment,on rises six children fast Mrs. to This has yeast dry Swenson keeps and

wanted it. And so with the dishkeep her busy... so she likes to find for months—right on your cupboard

cloth, the broom, the chairs, tables, handy ways of doing things. That's shelf. Get Fleischmann's Active Dry

sofas, and everything about the house, why she always uses Fleischmann's Yeast in the thrifty threepackage so that if you had to get up in the Active Dry Yeast. "It's so convestrip. It's the yeast prizewinning

night, you could lay your hands on nient,"she says. "Rises fast every cooks depend on.

whatever you wanted instantly....

If there are women who want to do good, let them do their own work, and save their sixpences and dollars for the building of temples, tabernacles, meetinghouses, schoolhouses, educating the youth, preaching the gospel, and gathering the poor."1 Let's

remember President Young's words this housecleaning season and the //* whole year round. Count it a privi- \\Formula For Better Breakfasts

lege and a sacred trust to keep your... All-O-Wheat costs less than the averhome a thing of beauty that is a One For the Money

age cereal... about lc per serving.job—and yes a joy, forever.

... of tasty dish for a Everyone shows up For the Show Two

Wiscourses of Brigham Young, (1943 edition), pp.

... bits of especially cereal served with All-O-Wheat when213214.

cutup marshmallow and sprinkled with cinnamon.

Three to Get Ready... All-O-Wheat is a dream to prepare.

Cooks quickly in only 3 minutes... saves you extra morning

minutes that mean so much.

SPRING HOUSECLEANING Four to Go... Yes, plenty of get up and go to start the day.

By Louise Glover Davidson Dashing, allday energy as nature intended. For All-O-Wheat

contains all of nature's vitamins and minerals of the wholeDodge the bricks! For if my spouse wheat kernel... even after milling. Yes, all the family goes

Comes walking in this nice clean for All-O-Wheat.

house, As he does every year this time,

To find me wilted, smudged with grime, *Start your day the All-O-Wheat way.

But every window glittering, The floors all waxed, and everything Pick up a package at your grocers today.

Abloom from hours and hours of work,

I fear this time I'll go berserk in, breezily he marches When the chin, ALL-O-WHEAT Cereal Co. blithely on And pecks me

I'll blow my top when I hear him say, OGDEN, UTAH "Well, what have you been doing Makers of Rolled Wheat Flakes and Stone Ground Wholewheat Flour today?"MARCH 1954 203 fOR NOW AND FORffFR RIAL CLATTILE

'C ** by Doyle L. Green

MANAGING EDITOR

I were in ray teens in this year of Lord in one hand, and my faith and

If 1954, at the very threshold of life, determination to live his gospel, I

I would resolve to obtain a bluewould go forth to build my life realizlife. in building that to follow builder that ing as any must the end TILE: MONUMENTS print

or building or bridge will No great airproduct depend but no one upon plane or organization or anything me; that my actions and thoughts

iMir else has ever come about by chance. I from day to day, the way I use or

wouldn't want to leave to chance the misuse my time, the friends I make, kind of life I was going to build for the places I go will all help determyself. mine what my life will be. If I con-

0#er 92 y[ear3 0/ Service I could, conceivably, draw the struct a crooked wall through misall, life, after for but, a plans my deeds, developing habits, or bad Phone 3-7733 isn't in well his teens very person wasting time, the entire at building TEMPLE 250 EAST SOUTH qualified for such a task. Surely any moment may crumble and fall.

such an important job would require I could, of course, tear down the the hand of a master architect, and faulty wall before it is too late and

I would want the very best, one who rebuild. Such a procedure is dangerNEW m knows more about me and my possious and timeconsuming, and I must

it. room I would hang the sloWHITER bilitiesIs suchthanananyonearchitectelse. available to avoidIn my

me? Yes, and to every young person gan: "If anything is worth doing at

in the Church. He is our heavenly all, it is worth doing well."This I

Father. He has given all of us a plan would apply to all my activities

of salvation; we call it the gospel of priesthood and scouting, Sunday

Jesus Christ. But he will give a School, playing a game of baseball,

further guide to me if I am worthy of school, music, doing the chores, it. This further guide is called a washing dishes, preparing a talk,

patriarchal blessing. It is a bluemowing the lawn, or working on the

print of what we can make out of chapel.. I would play hard, work

faithful our lives and hard, work if we are hard, study hard, pay attention national hard. called it a has Someone page hard. and pray While I was walking

will cherish this lovely bride Every Bible from the book of our possibilities. to seminary or doing the dishes or

It's altar. the she'll carry to enduringly

bound in washable White Simulated So if I did not already have my milking the cow or digging carrots

Leather, decoratively tooled in gold. patriarchal blessing and if I lived in for the welfare project, I would keep

Exceptional value, only S5.50 in attractive or near an organized stake, I would my mind busy memorizing some lines gift box.

get a recommend from my bishop or from my favorite poet, or from the mission president and make an apArticles of Faith, the Lord's Prayer, pointment with my patriarch. This the 23rd Psalm, or my part in the

nationalizaiiviiai bibles would be one of the most important MIA play. I would be the first one

AT LEADING BIBLE STORES events of my life, so I would pray to know my lines for the assembly about it and fast for it. And when program, and my teachers and

the patriarch laid his hands on my friends would soon come to know fat tveny happyhead, I feeling,would beknowingpreparedthatforthea Ithatwouldif I saiddo it,I wouldand todo thesomething,best of words he was speaking were being remy ability. I would remember that,

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. vealed through him especially for me. under most circumstances, good is

.248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City - Dial 3-1031 Then, with this blueprint from the better than fast.

204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I wouldn't want to be average.

(Who was it that said that average is the worst of the best and the best training... spirit... facultyof the worst?) So I would remember BETTER

that the succeeds, even man who though not he the at your Church School have all may talents or be quite as sharp as his neighbor, is the one who knows where LD.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

is earlier getshe up a little going, who enroll can You right now a littleand works harder a litand classes! either or evening day.. When. for Typing

tle longer. jobs are hard to find, the L.D.S. BusiShorthand

Gregg I'd recopy that theme for English nessemployers.College Outof-townstudent is firststudentschoice areof HySpeed

visit look invitedonce College cordially the dictionary to and in the more Longhand. will attention be Ifor that didn't word know how to Magiven Office instrucof. arrange. personal your to program

spell. I'd put my history journal in tion and to help you find living acchines

a binder or make a clever cover for commodations. Accounting

it before I turned it in, and I would Write or visit the friendliest business And many, many volunteer to give that talk in Suncollege... others

day School, rather than reluctantly consenting after I was asked. If I

really wanted to make the ball team,

I'd practise an extra hour a day if I could find the time. Even then, if Branch of Brigham Young University

I didn't make it, I'd turn my efforts 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY to track or debating or the school paper or music. There is some ac1ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ2

tivity in which every young personcan star, if he is willing to pay the m price in time and work.

To accomplish these goals I would realize that I would require much help from many sources. So I would

hope that my parents and my brothers and sisters would be very close to me, be sympathetic with my desires, and give me much encouragement. And my friends: I would want

to choose companions who had the same standards and ideals and dreams that I had. Without proper friends

I couldn't hope to build a good OBCBMB m life.

These are a few of the things I PIKES PEAR A strongly spiritual, faithpro- would do if I were in my teens. To moting book to read in the home

print all of them would require a FLOUR if; or send to a missionary.

book. But to do any less than my With FOUR

lifebest in building according to Extra my Baking "In The inthe given to plan me, everything Advantages rr

I let to would be hand to, set my Gospel Net SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS in heaven, famdown my Father my ily, and myself. 425 West 5th South By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

Salt Lake CityUtah A deluxe edition at a BIRTH OF A TREE modest price $1.75

Wherever Church books By Grace Stillman Minck are sold

HPoday I planted a slip of green -* Beside my garden wall American Seating Company

And O already I have seen Church Furniture for every need skyward—tallItUpreachingand up and up—as far Pulpitterns availableand communionfor earlysets,delivery.fonts andAlsolec- 1 HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S.

sight: furniture,As visioning carvings, IN chancel NEVADA LAS VEGAS, Bodiform Pews, j [

chairs, tables chairs, folding auditorium special star grasp aTo star—amight

furniture. and Sundayschool it in flight. capture KING'S YE RESTTo MOTEL

Today I planted a tiny thing, Write Department 169 526 SOUTH 5TH STREET A And forestO alreadyprogenyits branches sing AMERICAN901 Broadway, N.SEATINGW., Grand RapidsCOMPANY2, Mich. Dr.EdgarHaroldH. Foutz,B. Foutz,ManagerOwner

Of miracles to me. Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

MARCH 1954 205 "SUFFER IT TO BE SO NOW...

(Continued from page 152) Kim—he wished that she, too, would

his join. this, with day, a great and make would was He Yes—this GYMNASIUM

little sister, little sister, Sook, his father father he Young with and and that prayer, that his brother, Shin constant fond hopes knowing God had EQUIPMENT a whisin the the pure in heart and seeks out Korean Kim, army band Whan school where he was studying voice, pers love and peace to them, and inand his mother, would eventually evitably answers the humble and follow suit, in order that complete righteous prayer. Yes, one could

unity and family happiness could prehope, and with faith, perhaps predict vail. Also his other sister, Jung Sook beyond the realm of hope.

SwLftm, JLlentm, Lertamiu...

Richard L. Evans

con have You too Cometimes we think of the past as a thing quite apart from basketball backstops Swingup Stationary basketball backstops the present. To say that something happened a century

Wayne rolling (folding) gymor so ago may seem like dimly long ago. But if we have

seating lived through half a century, or a quarter, or even a sixth tailored to fit your needs.

Over 50 new installations in schools and of a century, we know how quickly it has come and gone. If

year. L.D.S. past during the Churches

or call or we have lived through half a century, we know that two catalog information For complete write... times our lifetime isn't very long. Youth moves quickly to

?. G. SuitoH Co. andmaturity.then gone.FamiliesChildrenthat oncehaveweretheiryoungchildren,are thenand parentsgrown,

School and Ofjice Equipment become grandparents, as the generations move, swiftly, silentSalt Lake City 65 West 3rd South ly, certainly. But people haven't changed much, and prinPhone 220425

ciples haven't changed at all, even though much has happened, morally and materially. No great truths have changed;

no great principles have passed; no eternal plans or purposes

have been abandoned. And men and women inside themYour Bookdealer now has selves are not so different from what they were. We might

use a little different language; we might travel faster and

farther; we might speak to more men; we might have much

less of others. But the Gospel more of many things—and much timeless virtues haven't changed—nor the need for them.

Honor and honesty, truth and chastity are still not basically Ideals different from what they were—nor the need for them. Still

there are commandments to keep and standards that we

Selections from the pay a price for departing from. Sin still leads to the same

Discourses of inner unrest. The ageless virtues, with willing work, are still

the only way to prosperity and peace. No, a century isn't PRESIDENT so long ago, nor, in some ways, is twenty centuries. The

DAVID O. McKAY great eternal truths that the Savior uttered are ever present,

as are those which were given of God on Sinai some fifteen still centuries sooner—and all the evils that ever were are

what they were, no matter what we may have come to call

DRINK them; all the virtue, the truth, the goodness that ever was

is still what it is and ever was, no matter what we might ficq A delightful havechange,comethetomanmadecall it. Themannerwords ofmaylifechange,may change,the stylesbut maythe

for those hot beverage stars are still in their course, the Creator is still in command coffee. don't drink who

AT YOUR GROCERS and the eternal truths are still eternal in the ever unfolding plans and purposes of him in whose hands we are and in whom our faith is fixed.

IRELAND—Genealogical and other

Research of all kinds undertaken. Like Spoken lA/ora from temple square

CORRESPONDENCE INVITED. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

EDWARD MINOGUE SYSTEM, JANUARY 10, 1954 Copyright, 1954

Claremorris, County Mayo, Ireland 206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In the early part of January 1952 the group had begun holding an English and gospel class. A few young

men and girls came, together with

Dr. Kim and Mrs. Han. He couldremember how the Koreans had GET HILAND

grasped the English language fast, and by repeating slow, simple stories, AT YOUR STORE and with corrections of language following, their faith had constantly ex- *MILLBR00K AT YOUR DOOR!

panded. It was plain to see that the

seeds planted then were maturing same top quality now into a bounteous harvest of souls. "Just how great will the ultieither way! 4!E>

mate harvest be?"he wondered. 'HOME DELIVERY DIVISION

Dr. Kim's words are: OF HILAND DAIRY

dedicated "I the remainder have of #5* MILK life I will conto the gospel.my

tinue to work in His Church to the r\ BOTH CONTAIN best of my ability."

is of expected 400 Kim, much Yes—Dr. UNITS OF VITAMIN D in the future. were among Youyou

the first of God's Korean children to hear in these latterdays the HILAND... Utahs Firsf and

Master's voice; it seems fitting that Finesf Carton Milk!

you should be a powerful voice in %,

Hiland Ice Cream... Wonderful dessert anytime!

KNOWLEDGE By Thelma Ireland Knowledge is a priceless gift;

Its scope has no set chart.

Knowledge is not given us To keep hut to impart.

perpetuating the gospel that has brought you joy. You have the

stature for it; you have already

demonstrated your leadership ability as a college president, by teaching

Sunday School classes, and in other ways. The eyes of the world will

be focused upon you, Brother Kim;

brotherly and sisterly love will go FRITOS is out to you from all over the world.... theteredregistrade

of mark Frito And to all of you in Korea who GOLDEN CHIPS OF CORN The labor in the gospel: May God bless Co

you and keep you and inspire you AT YOUR FAVORITE FOOD OR GROCERY STORE to see beyond the limits of your own country into the borders of men's HOTEL LANKERSHIM New Glorious Anthems!

souls all over the world. As one of 7th & BROADWAY Now AvailableSSAATTBB

your own has so aptly expressed it: ROOMS WITH BATH "MORONI SPEAKS"

and"To love and respect others brings love FromNew$3.50DiningSingleand—Supper$5.00RoomsDouble

and respect to oneself; and by loving IN THE VERY HEART OF "GOD(TestimonyHATHof the 3SPOKEN"Witnesses)

limitsothers the of the counbeyond

Music: Sacred LOS ANGELES Recommended

all eventually, thattry, one can hope IN GOD'S GARDEN"*"l WALKED

IN TEMPLE"THE HIM *"THEY FOUND live in peaceful beings canhuman IS CLEAN"*"EVERY THAT HEART CALIFORNIA GROW *"GOD KNOWS"to So, continue carrycommunion."A Balanced FERTILIZER

Free For—Send Copy—

on. beside Christ until Let walk you 20c SOLO EXCEPT for your Potted EACH Plants and Outdoor High in Nitrogen ARRANGEMENT Shrubbery. ANY

the countrysides have forgotten their $1.25 Package makes 5 Gallons Liquid *Recorded by Jessie Evans Smith

sorrow and have grown resplendent Mailed direct from Factory. Postpaid. SUGAR HOUSE MUSIC CO.

with holy light. BUNCH'S—8235 E. Mission Dr.. San Gabriel. Cal. 2130 South 11th East Salt Lake City, Utah

MARCH 1954 207 In checking our proofs again as the February magazine was running on the press, we discovered that the countries Iran and Iraq had been transposed in the map on page 90. It

was too late then to do anything but make this correction in the March issue.

We're sorry I

The Light Touch

GolfFellow—"Sure,Pro—"Tee I thesee ball."it, but why the baby talk?"

Dr. Avard Fairbanks Receives Honors.

"I am sorry,"said the dentist, "but you can't have an appointment with me this afternoon. I have eighteen cavities to fill."And Dr. Avard Fairbanks, seen at work in his studio, has received

he picked up his golf bag and went out. many honors. Two of the recent ones are his election as a fellow

Patient—"How can I ever repay you for your kindness to me?"ofland,the andInternationalthe HerbertInstituteAdamsof MemorialArts and Letters,Medal byZurich,the NationalSwitzerDoctor—"By checque, postal order, or cash."Sculpture Society for distinguished service to American sculpture

through inspirational teaching.

"What happens to people who allow themselves to become A new statue of Lincoln, "Abraham Lincoln from New Salem,"run down?"asked a patient. has now left the Fairbanks'studio for casting. It will be unveiled

"They wind up in hospital,"replied the doctor. in New Salem Village, Illinois, sometime this summer.

This issue of The Improvement Era, uses two of Dr. Fairbanks'

The little boy's mother was trying to impress upon him a few works as illustrations. See pages 146 and 147.

fundamentals of religion. "We are here upon this earth to help

others,"she told him.

"What are the others here for?"the little boy asked. -<>-

The Suitor: "How long will it be until your sister makes her History Lecturer: "Can any of you tell me what makes the Tower

appearance?"of Pisa lean?"

Younger Sister: "She's upstairs making it now."Corpulent Lady: "I don't know or I'd take some myself."

LDS SUNDAY SCHOOL IN BEIRUT, LEBANON

The LDS Sunday School in Beirut, Lebanon, is held in two different languages because its membership consists of two Armenian and three American families. Brother Joseph Ouzunian is branch

president and Enos Jacobs is Sunday School superintendent. Dr. and Mrs. Clawson Y. Cannon

and Mr. and Mrs. Darwin H. Jepsen and their six

children and Maud Pearson are the Americans in attendance. Six nonmembers shown in the picture have been attending Sunday School regularly.

(Reported by Darwin H. Jepsen.)

208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

cJJXcaJcoa

ike gpec'dl S&PbnesS oP -Pec's! quality

twinply

.. Chiffon TwinPly Tissues... multirinsed in pure

Cascade snow water for added softness..

*':"';. greater purity...extra absorbency..

Tl.ilf especially made for particular people.

. Ahe/ pure *TvJihlPl-Y "Wee3S N//<& <- Bab M o -fe

Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1954: chHf.on flot,

A Young Deduction -Deducting Watching Dad stew and fret around income tax time is humorous to everyone except the head of the house. But when Junior tries to help, then even Dad can't resist

chuckling at the maze of papers and figures he's wrapped up in. Your Beneficial agent

can give you some real help in planning your insurance program and in fitting it to the needs of your growing family. Give him a call. If you don't know the name of

your local Beneficial representative, write to the address below.

BENEFICIAL LIFE Over onequarter Billion dollars of Insurance Company

Life Insurance in Force.

David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City - Utah