HpP /.'fSv-'

,...isasS"

Brick for a church represents only a small portion of the total cost of the building... yet this is the item

which determines the beauty, durability, and economy of the entire structure. It is little wonder that

over the years, architects, contractors, and church engineers have been quick to realize the real value and many advantages of brick: Low original cost,

low maintenance, fire resistant, and everlasting beauty.

Manufacturers of Burned Clay Products

TERSTAT RICK CO 3100 South 11th East Salt Lake City 6, Utah

All the "FLAVOR is not in the soup

(or the cheese or salad or dip, or whatever you serve with Saltine Crackers by Purity)

-Lhe fresh saltine goodness and crackling by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

crispness of these famous crackers, add

Our Modern Alphabet Our modern English alphabet of their own perky touch to your enjoyment of letters26 to us from Egyphas come the hearty flavors in your favorite soup.

tian, Etruscan, Phoenician, Greek, and Roman alphabets. The Romans When the dish, or the simple snack, calls for

gave us a Latin alphabet of 23 letters. The sounds for which the crackers, taste what a difference

symbol i had been written, in the Saltines by Purity makes.

early middle ages, were separated into the symbols i and / during the fifteenth century, and similarly the sounds represented by v became separated into u and v in the 10th century, and w in the 11th century.

Dictionaries as late as the 19th century continued to arrange items beginning with u and v in one list without distinguishing in position between the u and v.

The Greatest Rainfall

The highest recorded rainfall in 24 hours is the 46inch fall on July 14 and 15, 191 1, at Baguio, Luzon, Philippines. The

greatest rainfall in one year occurred in 18601861, in Cherrapunji, India, and totaled 1042 inches, or over 86 feet!

A Great Loss It is estimated that about onethird of all water diverted for irrigation is lost on the way to the actual fields.

Deepsea Organisms From the ocean depths of 13,200 and 16,200 feet a live sand flea and a sea worm have been brought to the surface and still live. The deepsea organisms were successfully At yourfavorite grocer's

"fished"by the Lamont Geological in 1 and 2 pound cartonsObservatory of Columbia University.

APRIL 1958 209 The Improvement Era, The Voice of the Church, Volume 61, Number 4, April 1958.

Official organ of the priesthood quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, ward teachers, Music Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Church Features The Editor's Page: He is risen: He is not here

President David O. McKay 222

Your Question: Baptism in Ancient Times

President Joseph Fielding Smith 224

The Great Labor of Love (New Zealand Temple) Gordon T. Allred 226

The Standards of the Church (Family Hour Discussion Topic)

George Q. Morris 234

Church members saddened by death of Elder Adam S. Bennion

Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 240

The Lord Is Resurrected—MIA Reading Course: Jesus the Christ—XXII

Doyle L. Green 246

The Church Moves On, 218; Melchizedek Priesthood, 250; The Presiding Bishopric's

Page, 252.

Special Features

So You Want to Raise a Boy? (First of a series) W. Cleon Skousen 230

How to Make your Lessons Live Dale T. Tingey 236

Leadership Development: The Miracle of Personality

Sterling W. Sill 242

Thoughts for Your Inspirational Talk: "... Where the heart is"249

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 266, 268, 274, 284

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 209; These Times: The Moral Equivalent

of War, G. Homer Durham, 213; Letters and Reports, 214; Bookrack, 273.

Today's Family:

Food and Teamwork Lynne A. Pettit 278

Household Helps 282 theCover—Aprildedicatory20thdatemarksfor our

The Last Word 288 cover subject, the New

Zealand Temple, shown as Stories, Poetrij drawn by Church architect

Edward O. Anderson and

Northward Ho the Prairies (Conclusion) Helen K. Orgill 238 adaptedby Hal Rumelfor theStudio.Era

Poetry 244, 245, 254, 256, 258

David O. McKay and Richard L. Evans, Editors; Doyle L. Green, Managing Editor;

Marba C. Josephson, Associate Managing Editor; Elizabeth J. Moffitt, Production Editor;

Albert L. Zobell, Jr., Research Editor; Eileen Gibbons, Manuscript Editor; Gordon T.

Allred, Editorial Associate; Ralph Reynolds and Ed Maryon, Art Directors.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter,

Hugh Nibley, Claude B. Petersen, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

Elbert R. Curtis, General Manager; Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F.

Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; Thayer Evans, Regional

Advertising Representative.

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 16, Utah

Copyright 1958 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and published by the Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church of Jesus Christ

of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in

advance; 25c single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage

provided for in section 1103. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on

acceptance at the rate of l'Ac a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Thirty days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include address slip from a recent issue

of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old address as well as the new one is included.

210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Utah's junior senator,

proudly proclaims his heritage

SENATOR WALLACE F. BENNETT'S

*JkSE&

In a clear style Senator Bennett covers the cardinal points of LDS I AM WHY doctrine, giving the Church's teach-

A MORMON ings on the plan of salvation, the nature of man, mortality and imWallace f- 8*""*"mortality, Jesus the Christ, and

God. He also vividly describes

events in LDS history and con-

I cludes with a personal testimony, $2.75

THE PROPHET

eyewitness An account of the life and work of the Prophet GEORGE Q.

CANNON

author. of this wellwritten The history Answers to interviewed living witnesses concerning

the events and happenings in the Prophet's life as well as reading the Prophet's records of own the early history of the Gospel

Church. Prom this eyewitness approach,

this book gains vividness and veracity. Questions

$3.50 JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH A Best Seller!

Because it: Answers so many timely questions asked

by Church members.

Because it is written by such a wellinformed member of the General Authorities of the Church.

Questions frequently asked most by LDS 1."* '

beliefs, practices, Church members on the and interpretations of Scriptures are given concrete and concise answers by the

Church's leading scriptorian.

$2.50

A complete wedding book with a Temple page See handy mail order coupon on next page

Salt Lake, Los Angeles, Logan or Idaho Falls Temple.

This handsome volume, in white leatherette, has title embossed in silver on cover. It provides pages

for information on engagement, family trees of bride and groom, guest and gift lists, and plastic Co. BweretlllBooh

for pages photographs. $6.50. 44 East South. Temple -Salt Lake City.- Utah,

APRIL 1958 Inspiring words of faith and courage

from a beloved Apostle...

DR. ADAM S. BENNION'S

While memory lasts, "The Candle of the Lord"will rekindle the glow of inspiration which the gifted, friendly spirit of Adam S.

Bennion brought to the thousands who enjoyed hearing his amiable voice. His personality was a catalyst which sparked the personalities

of others to noble action. His ideas furnished the fire and his

enthusiasm fanned the flame. In this book he speaks again on themes

which filled his heart: the spiritual life, love of country, his dedication to youth, and his faith in the noble potentialities of his

fellow men.

$3.75

NOEL C. STEVENSON'S

J\now the rJLciiievdau ScripLip \ureS the genealogical BENJAMIN ALWARD

This companion book to "Know the Bible"contains more than one thousand selected, pertinent scriptural passages on the basic subjects of the Restored Church. These passages

are taken from the Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, reader and Pearl of Great Price. Also, in this one volume, is valuable

The author of this "Genealogiinformation and historical data on these three volumes.

cal Reader"has drawn from $3.75

many sources the very best If ft! f 01

information on genealogical 111 research. Much of the data has 8.

been taken from leading magazines. Beginners and vetNEW POCKET SIZE

eran researchers will find upto- theminute information on genealogical research and how Triple Combination it can be best accomplished.

By the author of "Search Portable edition, containing Book of Mormon, Doctrine and

Pearl of Great and and Research."t.*** Covenants,

,/ - size triple regular leather cover as on Price.—pageSame,sizesoft3 1/4 //x5durable1/4 $2.50

Clear, legible type. $6.00

Co: DeseretKBooh

--*"... 44 East South Temple -- Salt lake City. Utah

"wo'wjtfwpsyrwpnn'WTW''DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money

order. I have an account. Please charge

Amount enclosed $ for encircled (numbered) books: 12 3 4 5 6 7 8

Name

Address

City Zone State Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA These Times The NAKED COMMUNIST W. Cleon Skousen

Here is undoubtedly the easiest understood volume ever published on Communism, written by former FBI man and BYU faculty member, the author of two popular LDS Church books:

"Prophecy and Modern Times"and "The First 2000 Years,"W. Cleon Skousen, who is now

the Chief of Police in Salt Lake

City. $4.95

The Moral

Equivalent of War

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

Vice President, University of Utah

In the year of his death, the AmerUnion. Vicepresident Nixon hailed

ican psychologist William James the achievement in a special news (18421910) pondered human berelease.

havior and the problem of war. In In 1958 and 1959 the Soviet Union

man's competitive and combative inwill send nine delegations to the stincts he saw ( 1 ) the seeds of proUnited States in the following fields gress and achievement and also (2) 1. Agricultural mechanics Questions answered:

husbandry Animal conflict and war. of source the How 2.

3. science Who gave Russia the A-Bomb? Veterinary destroying latter without the to curb

did the FBI fight the battle of How foods sug- 4. offered Mixed some former? the James

the underground?

5. growing Cotton essay, "The in his gestions famous

Moral Equivalent of War."6. Agricultural construction and Whyallies didaftertheWorldWestWarlose II?600 million

electrification year year, 1958, This be the may 7. Horticulture What really happened in Korea? have readers column of this some

the opportunity to go to Russia. As 8. Irrigation and reclamation

representatives of the United States 9. Forestry, lumbering, and millwork they are of America—if US citizens

countries United States will send deleDwcrcttSrkBooh44 jM South Te to. face The (citizens of other

similar possibilities) some may be gations to the Soviet Union in the years. fields the two during "moral same James'William introducing CO. DESERET BOOK scientist, agricultural are an front. Temple South East If you 44 a broad equivalent"on

City, Utah Lake provide you with Salt this exchange may the Depart1958, 27, January On find ( ) please Enclosed Gentlemen: mission! next foreign your of signed agreement an State ment enorder. Amount ( check ) money

for cultural exchange with the Soviet If you are a medical man with a closed $ I have a

Union. Three months of negotiaspecialty in antibiotics, the physiolcharge account. Please charge

tions were involved. Ambassador ogy or pharmacology of the nervous for copies of "The Naked

William Lacy represented the system, radiobiology, biochemistry, Communist."

United States. Ambassador G. N. metabolic disease, endocrinology, or Name

Zaroubin represented the Soviet commu- (Continued on page 284) Address -

City Zone State—

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

APRIL 1958 213 Use Samsonite ALLSTEEL FOLDING CHAIRS Letters and Proven strongest and safest Reports by actual test!

FPO, San Francisco, California Dear Editors, By the influence of your wonderful magazine, The Improvement Era, I was able to convert one of my shipmates. Now

he is on his way home for separation from the navy. He asked me to write and start

a subscription for him.

A new chapel is soon to be built in Anniston, Alabama, which is just six miles from his home.

I hope that through my influence and

LAIE SCOUT RECEIVES EAGLE BADGE The Improvement Era's great help, more

Why do we say Samsonite is the world's Leroy Keliiliki is believed to be the first peoplesage. Iwillhaverealizereallythegainedtruth ofa testimonyour messtrongest steel folding chair? Because Boy Scout in Laie, Hawaii, to receive bis while serving in the navy. I have been

in actual tests, Samsonite withstood Eagle badge. His mother, Mrs. John blessed and will do my best to serve my

over 1000 pounds (even a troupe of Keliiliki,Sunday, Februarypinned it9, onwhileduringhis father,Scout GodMayandthefellowLord man.bless you in your wonderacrobats) without buckling. Now in 11 Elder Keliiliki, looked on (left). Next to ful work.

decorator colors. Leroy is George Q. Cannon, Jr., of the Cordially yours,

presidency, mission of the president /s/ Elden Clyde and of the seat. tipping—Stand on any partNo Aurillio Council, Aloha Scoutmaster BSA.

tilting.Selfadjusting prevent hinges

is is right. Leroy, at the Wayas who

Extra safety—Fold it or unfold it. Samsonite fourteen years old, is a teacher in the

can't nip your fingers. Aaronic Priesthood of the Laie Second

Chipresistant finish—All parts have bondWard, Oabu Stake. He has three Aaronic

erized baked enamel finish. Priesthood awards and next year hopes to

Other Fine Samsonite Chairs: receive the Deseret Recognition award.

A. Samsonite padded

cushion chair—Upholstered with damNew York, New York

ageresistant vinyl. Dear Editors:

... Incidentally, we want to congratu-

B. Samsonite folding late you on the modernization of your

armchair—Padded think it is magazine. of the one now We upholstered and attractive in religious the magazines vinyl most

seat, back, armrests. A FAMILY OF WINNERS field.

C. Samsonite folding Sincerely,

tabletarm chair—Three Lions, Inc. Ogden Twentyfirst Ward, Lorin Farr

Natural blonde finish M. G. Lowenherz ( Utah ) Stake is proud of its Sunday School

hardwood tabletarm. attenders, especially the children of Elder

and Sister E. Herbert Chase. Left to

Schenectady, New York right, first row, Jill has four years perfect <C Dear Editors: attendance and Dana six years. Back

My husband and I extend our conrow, Dale has seven years, Brooke nine gratulations to you for your new format. years, and Ladd eight years Sunday School

The November issue was a pleasant surattendance, all without a miss. They also

prise since we were not expecting to see have an excellent Primary record. Dale

such a change in the magazine. We are is in his second year of cub Scouting. Ladd

happy to see that this new format extends and Brooke have carried their attendance even to the spot illustrations. The entire activity into MIA, where Ladd is a Tenmagazine is much more attractive. It dederfoot Scout and Brooke is a Life Scout,

WRITE FOR free Samsonite catalog: Shwayder Bros., mands to be read. with all his merit badges received for his

Inc., Institutional Seating Div., Dept. IE-4, Detroit. Sincerely yours, Eagle. Sister Chase teaches the Trail

Mrs. Hugh Woodbury Builder class in Primary.

214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BUILD YOUR IDS LIBRARY HOW THE CLUB PLAN

SAVES YOU UP TO 20%.. THE EASY SYSTEM TICALL Y.

With every four books you buy thru the LDS Books Club, you receive a fifth LDS BOOKS CLUB WAY!

free! absolutely choice of your book will CHOOSE ONE OF THESE BOOKS AS YOUR FIRST SELECTION: list Books of prized LDS (A long

be sent to you from which you may choose.) Thus you get five fine church books for the price of four... a 1. THE MORMON STORY

savings of approximately 20%. A pictorial account of Mormonism

by Rulon S. Howells

CAREFUL SELECTIONS.

There is no other book like this bestseller.

Each book recommended by the Club Contains hundreds of rare photographs, has been carefully selected after a full color paintings, and illustrations vividly thorough review of new publications. portraying the significant events in the

will of be these books reviews Written of the progress restoration, and growth of one with month, sent each to you it... fascinated with are Church. Children bookof-thebeing the books named

month. adults (both in and out of the Church)

are thrilled and inspired by it. It belongs

CONVENIENCE. in every LDS Library.

$3.95

After reading the reviews, if you wish to—itreceivewill bethesenttop tobookyou youpostpaiddo nothingalong

with a statement. If you do not want 2. Book of Mormon Stories For 3. JOSEPH SMITH BEGINS

the book, you return the postcard proYoung Latterday Saints HIS WORK vided for an alternate selection (or none By Emma Marr Petersen. Everything chilContains an authentic reproduction of a

at all). dren love in their reading... heroes, adcomplete "First Edition"Book of Mormon

venture, intrigue, and excitement—are reprinted from the original uncut sheets of

BOOKS FOR CHILDREN. found in these true stories from the Book E. B. Grandin. See Bookcraft ad, page 216

of Mormon. Builds faith in God. for complete description of this classic.

To fill the need for good books in $3.00 $5.95

growing families, many wonderful titles are offered to suit every age group from tots to teens. 4. Gospel Ideals 5. Our Leaders Speak

Discourses of President David O. McKay Excerpts from speeches given at BYU devoOLDER L.D.S. CLASSICS. containing important gospel principles extionals by General Authorities and such

pounded with keen insight. Current course well known people as Cecil B. DeMille.

Many of the very finest Church classics of study for Sunday School Gospel Doctrine $2.95

are available to Club members through class.

the Club and carry bonus credit. Non- $4.00

bookclub selections are available to

Club members also. However, these

books do not carry bonus credit. 6. Our Lord of the Gospels 7. Doctrine and Covenants

By J. Reuben Clark, Jr. Brings all the teachCommentary

in Fielding Smith and the others. A ings of Jesus Four contained Gospels By Joseph

edition. revised into A and the indexed completely complete one Book HOW TO JOIN. and of Mormon

harmony. Current Melchizedek Priesthood most valuable help to studying and underYou join the LDS Books Club by ordercourse of study. standing this important book of scripture.

of or Story"any ing "The Mormon the $5.00 $4.00 right. listed at the choice books other

You may order as many books each 4-58 LDS CLUB as BOOKS or as few as four you want month

City 15, Utah Salt Ave., Lake 161 East Utopia

will your keep year membership a books followsend the the Club and of Enroll LDS Books as a member me four FILL OUT After purchased active. have you for order first selection. Check or money circled book(s) as ing my

Book Club selections, you may select COUPON AND $ enclosed. (Utah residents add 2% sales tax.)

list long a from book free bonus your MAIL TODAY!

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 is list books. This choice of Church

to If wish not you do to. revised added being and constantly.. Era Name mutilate your

Many bookof-themonth selections apsend information on pear on it. separate sheet Address

City State.

APRIL 1958 215 WOULD NOW AVAILABLE... the book

that everyone has waited for! YOU LIKE

Contains a reprint of the entire

TO OWN A 'First Edition"Book of Mormon "FIRST EDITION"from the original uncut printed sheets from the press of

E. B. Grandin! BOOK OF

mwmsmmmmim

I SMITH 1. JOSEPH SMITH BEGINS HIS WORK

J 1* With Photos and Documents m Provided by *& Wilford C. Wood

Here for the first time is your opportunity to mi1 i own an authentically reproduced "First Edition"

II Book of Mormon, reprinted by a costly photooffset process from original uncut sheets:;;m taken from the press of E. B. Grandin in Palmyra.

t- % In addition to the complete 1830 "First Edition"mmma $ \if# 111 Book of Mormon, this volume contains rare > photographs, documents, and little known facts tm concerning the history of the Book and its

actual printing. Every student of the Book of

Mormon will want a copy. Limited edition will

be available so order your copy now. $5.95

BOOKCRAFT Telephone HU 7-7488 1186 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 2. ROUTE FROM LIVERPOOL TO

GREAT SALT LAKE VALLEY The first book in the "Reprints of Classics"series.

First published in 1855, this classic historical record of the

L.O.S. emigration from Europe is richly illustrated by

Frederick Piercy of Liverpool who made the trip to Salt Lake and back specifically to sketch the highlights and scenic wonders of the journey. His inspired and authentic drawings and his fascinating commentary present a rare insight into

the faith and courage of those early saints. Along with the

scores of priceless illustrations is a geographical and historical description of the emigration right up to the close of 1855. Illustrations include views of Nauvoo and the

ruins of the Temple, views of Carthage jail, portraits of Joseph, Hyrum, their Mother, Lucy Smith, and sons of the

Prophet, Joseph and David Smith. Original editions of this

classic are bringing $300.00 today.

$4.00

3. WHY I AM A MORMON

By Wallace F. Bennett

Written primarily for the nonMormon, the author has here turned out a remarkable book for every Mormon to read and enjoy. Clear, forceful

and direct, this inspiring volume guides the reader through the history of the Church, introduces its founders and makes them live, and explains the doctrines and principles that have made the Church great. It is an

interesting trip through all Mormonism, led by a dynamic guide who has an abiding faith in God and the divinity of the Gospel. Will help

any Church member answer the question: "Why am I a Mormon?"

$2.75

II

4. THAT YE MIGHT HAVE JOY

By Bryant S. Hinckley

Now, a sequel to the very popular volume, "Not By Bread Alone."

with are packed Its pages addresses. all ages of leaders officers, and Teachers,w

comfort and downencouragement, artifaith, short of collection rich find this will cles and stories an invaluable source of toearth helps for solving day to day nspiration and help for lessons and public problems. $1.50

BOOKCRAFT 4-58 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books for which M

I enclose $.. in ( ) check or ( ) money

order. J*Ks

3 4 || 12 BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE Name

Address 1 1 86 SOUTH MAIN HU 7-7488 City Slate |?"

APRIL 1958 217 DURHAM makes the folding metal chairs

TESTED >x\ APPROVED you need /SAND

I BY LEADING, INSTITUTIONS FOR / VOVER * 50 YEARS** / COMFORTABLE, HANDSOME Streamlined styling.

They look easier to use, more comfortable... and they are! Extra The Church

width seats and backs, shaped and curved for correct, easy posture.

DURABLE, EASY TO HANDLE Tested strength, achieved by using heavier gauge steel February 1958 and improved design, the result of 50 years'experience in manuElder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve dedicated

facture. Easy to fold, the chapel of the Redwood First and Second wards, North

carry, set up again. Jordan (Utah) Stake.

Elder LeGrand Richards of the Council of the Twelve dediNo. 868 cated the chapel of the Grant Ward, South Los Angeles (California)

Stake.

ECONOMICAL TO Taylorsville (Utah) Stake divided to form Kearns, Kearns North,

BUY AND TO USE and Taylorsville stakes. Elder Merrill A. Nelson, first counselor

Pricewise qualityand you'll find in the Taylorsville Stake presidency, sustained as president of wise,

DURHAM chairs your Kearns Stake, with Elders Grant H. Linford and Sheldon H. Holmes

best investment. They as counselors. There are five wards in Kearns Stake with a memretain their sturdiness bership of approximately 5100. Elder Volma W. Heaton sustained

looks and good of as president of Kearns North Stake, with Elders Jack R. Prince through years

roughest usage. and Eugene W. Pearson as counselors. There are six wards in

Kearns North Stake, with a combined membership of approximately 4800. President Wayne C. Player continues to preside in TaylorsNo. 605 R ville Stake, with Elder Seymour J. Godfrey, his former second

counselor, sustained as first counselor, and Elder Richard A. Barker

POSTURECORRECT sustained as his new second counselor. There are three wards

LADDERBACK... in Taylorsville Stake. Elders Harold B. Lee and Henry D. Moyle

ONE OF MANY of the Council of the Twelve directed these changes, bringing

STYLES FOR the total number of stakes now functioning in the Church to 256.

JUVENILES ALSO TABLET ARMRepresentatives of fifteen Ogden (Utah) area stakes apCHAIRS FOR ADULTS proved plans for the construction of a new 210bed hospital

AND JUVENILES. No. 251 upon a twentyseven acre tract in Ogden. When the new

building is completed, the Thomas D. Dee Memorial Hospital will

be disposed of, it was decided.

STYLING that lasts... in CHAIRS

that LAST... and LAST...and LAST! An expansion program for Brigham Young University was

Write for catalog giving complete specifiannounced by Dr. Ernest L. Wilkinson, its president, who

cations illustrating the consuperior and it. Presialso fundraising to support a campaign announced

struction features of folding Durham of Angeles Stake South Los Waite Noble had previously dent W. chairs.metal tubuof or Choice channel

lar steel frames. Wood, steel or padded, been named to head the fund drive. The first goal is to raise five

upholstered seats. Posturecurved metal, million dollars in the next three and onehalf years. Thereafter,

contoured wire, or padded, upholstered the program will be expanded to meet the further needs of the rack attachbacks. Hymn

ments. tables, university. President Wilkinson explained that the BYU "look into Also folding

folding chairladders, steel the future"will concentrate on five goals: (1) establishment of an

book shelf units for use in outstanding faculty with improved salaries; (2) additional scholarlibraries and

sure of the best offices.—buy Be ships;to the (3)Church;expansion(5) increasedof the campus;laboratory(4) extensionand libraryof facilities.BYU servicesNo

are but hopes that they can be completed by 1975, the centennial mfg. corp.

"Y."for the yearDURHAMDept. E-48, MUNCIE,DURHAM! timetable has been set up for the completion of the developments, INDIANA

America's Most Complete Line of Folding and Informal Furniture

218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA N N U N I N

'"'."<''111 THE JOHN D

II IN

The Biggest SelfPropelled Ever Built

Here is the big 95 in heavy wheat.

The 95 has 15 per cent more capacity than any other selfpropelled on the market today.

/""N

Now There Are 3 Great John Deere SelfPropelleds from 8 to 18 Feet

Big—big in every respect—that's the new John Deere lets you match the forward speed of the combine to

95 Combine. The 95 is not only big in its 14-, 16-, or the condition of the crop.

18foot cut—but behind that big platform is a 40inch There are also many comfort and convenience feafeeder... a 40x22 raspbar cylinder... 5600 square tures on the 95. Among these are power steering... a

inches of separating area... and over 4,000 square new inclined automotivetype steering pedestal...

inches of cleaning area. Here's practical bignessbig, totalcontact brakes... a folding grain elevator

bigness that pays off in more acres harvested every and radiator screen to reduce height for convenient and on—advantage after advantageday—in more and cleaner grain from every acre. storage—on

the 95 has them all.

In addition to its big grainhandling advantages, See the new 95 at your John Deere dealer's. He also

the 95 has a new 80 h.p. John Deere Engine... a has the 8- or 10foot 45, and the 12or 14foot 55.

60busheI grain tank that empties in a hurry on the go or standing... and selective ground speed which JOHN DEERE Moline, III. Dept. M50 1

Please send me complete information on the '

SEND FOR new 95 Combine.

FREE Name. Q Student I

R.R..Box JOHN

l JOHN CtlRfJ "WHEREVER CROPS GROW, DEERETHERE'S A GROWING DEMAND LITERATURE Town FOR JOHN DEERE FARM EQUIPMENT"State APRIL 1958 "If I wore white shoes, I'd beg for Elder Thorpe B. Isaacson of the Presiding Bishopric dediHOLLYWOOD SANIWHITE"cated the chapel of San Pedro Ward. The building also

serves as the center for the Redondo (California) Stake.

Elder Milo J. Bosshardt sustained as president of North Sevier

(Utah) Stake, with Elders Victor J. Rasmussen and Melvin J. Thaiman. They succeed President Dale H. Petersen and his counselors,

You don't have to beg for Elder Blain C. Curtis and G. Glen Taylor.

HOLLYWOOD (California)Elder WilliamStake presidency,L. Stoker, formerlysustainedfirstascounselorpresident,in succeedingSan Mateo

President Melvin P. Pickering. Elder William S. Durrant, formerly

second counselor, sustained as first counselor. Elder James B.saniwhite Jacobson sustained as the new second counselor. SHOE POLISH

But.. S. Bennion of the Council of the Twelve died know how. you'llgooddemandit is. KeepsHollywoodwhiteSaniWhiteshoes lookingoncesmartyou Elder Adam

and fresh at all times. Does not streak. Safest for at 8:35 this morning. Death came quietly to the seventyone

baby, because it's nontoxic. yearold Church leader who had suffered a cerebral hemorrhage on February 5.

FOR ALL WHITE SH Funeral services were conducted in the Salt Lake Tabernacle for Elder Adam S. Bennion of the Council of the Twelve.

Three new members of the general board of the Relief SoYour shoes will ciety were announced: Irene B. Woodford, Pearle M. Olsen,

be white as snow, and M. Elsa T. Peterson.

when you use HOLLYWOOD The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder Erick Albert Rosenvall as president of the New Zealand saniTemple. Elder Rosenvall, a Salt Lake City builder, has

white beenmer ofserving1955. as a labor missionary in New Zealand since the sumClfANS AS IT WHITENS

General President Bertha S. Reeder of the YWMIA announced that a total of 38,218 individual awards were pre-

"FOR THE WHITEST OF WHITE, sented to young women during the year closing May 31, 1957.

This represented an increase of 2103 over 1956. Awards given in

GET SANIWHITE"the missions also increased from 1216 to 1346. Leaders awards

Also makers of the famous rose from 5803 to 6432 in the year in the stakes and from 241 to 314 in the missions.

SANIBROWN, SANIBLACK, SANIRED Orlando Stake, 257th such unit now functioning in the

AND ALL HOLLYWOOD SKUF Church, organized in Florida with Elder W. Leonard Duggar

COLORS sustained as president, and Elders Farrell A. Munns and W.

Eugene Hawkins sustained as counselors. Wards are in Tampa,

If your dealer is out, call or write: Bradenton, Winter Haven, Ellsworth Ward (at Deer Park), Melbourne, and Orlando. Branches are in Dunedin, St. Petersburg,

BEEHIVE SALES Springfield, Dade City, Sanford, New Smyrna Beach, Fruitland

COMPANY membersPark, Belleview,are in theandareaDaytonaembracedBeach.by theAboutstake.thirtytwoThe organizationhundred

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH was effected by Elders Henry D. Moyle and Delbert L. Stapley

5-1476 Phone HU of the Council of the Twelve.

Box P. 0. 1233

Elder J. Burns Beal, formerly first counselor in the Lost River

(Idaho) Stake sustained as president, succeeding President J. Cleve

Hansen, who was released with his second counselor, Elder Fred

H. Boyer. President Beal's counselors are Elders Vernon H. Kotter

Let us recommend a good oculist and John L. Dalling.

(M.D.) for your eye examination,

then bring your prescription to us March 1958 for the best in eye wear.

Monterey Bay Stake organized from portions of San Jose

Three convenient locations—(California) Stake, with Elder James Newton Wallace sustained as president, and Elders George Wilbur Wheatley

Pacific as counselors. sustained Wards are J. Taylor

Salinas, Branches Santa Cruz, THE andGrove,QuentonSeaside, and Watsonville.

are Gilroy, Harmony Hills, and Hollister. There are also two OPTICAL SHOP servicemen's groups at Fort Ord, functioning under the stake's

420 Boston Building direction.

352 East First South 1062 East 2100 South

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for your money!Up to 40% MORE CAPACITY

Now, chop a 5-ton wagon load in 8}4 minutes!

Directcut up to 35 tons of hay in a single hour!

Slash your forage costs with a new McCormick per cent more than other choppers in its price class.

This tonnageboosting capacity begins with the allnew cutter bar which handles any crop—heavy,

tall, or tangled! New camaction reel, with springsteel teeth, sweeps a full 6-foot swath into the fullwidth positive auger feed. Retracting fingers on

the auger carry cut crop from reel teeth to selfMccormick* no. 36 adjusting feed aprons.

Floating upper feed apron rides the crop to positively feed a full swath in any condition—comfield harvester presses and grips crop for clean cutting to any

length from H to 6 inches. Heavy 6-bladed, 44inch-diameter cutter head makes 4,500 cuts a

minute... develops tremendous slicethrough

momentum—helps you chop record tonnage with

less power, at lowest cost.

3 INTERCHANGEABLE HEADS...

Allnew Cutter Bar Windrow Pickup Bigcapacity Row Crop—with fast 4-bolt mounting

In a single hour, the McCormick No. 36

chops enough forage to fill this new 5-ton

McCormick No. 60 power unloading

wagon seven times!

,...:1r: -- * -* ***—-

*v-:-::::>:$ Your IH dealer would enjoy swapping information with you on

modern forage handling techniques and machinery. Stop in today

and get complete information on the No. 36 Field Harvester.

Dealer Your HARVESTER See INTERNATIONAL. Equipment for themselves Products Harvester pay International Chicago.. 1,. Twine.Illinois.. Commercial Wheel Tractors... Construction Trucks Motor in use—Equipment—Farm TractorsGeneralandOffice,IfAPRIL 1958 221

The ageold query; the glorious answer

is He

Since man in his forgetfulness of immortality first looked with wonderment at the starry heavens or sought in vain to solve the mystery of his being, there has harbored in every intelligent human being's mind the ageold query propounded by Job: "If a man die, shall

he live again?"(Job 14:14.)

It is the question of the ages, and though divine messages, like flashes from the eternal, gave to every generation an affirmative answer, yet millions throughout the centuries refused to accept the light as authentic and accordingly lived their allotted time in doubt and died in dreadful darkness; because,

they reasoned, no one had ever returned from the realm beyond the grave.

The most significant event, therefore, in all human history was the discovery of the empty tomb on that memorable first day of the week, together with the answer from the heavenly being.

"Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here;

behold the place where they laid him."

(Mark 16:6.)

Those lines when written had no reference whatever to Easter. They were a

simple statement concerning the resurrection of Jesus Christ—one of the

greatest events in the history of mankind.

Easter, a spring festival, was adopted from the pagan celebration given in honor of Eostro, a Saxon goddess of spring corresponding to Ashtoreth of Syria.

All that men say of Eastertide as the

The Editors Page

risen: is not here He

by President David O. McKay

season of new life and new hope may be appropriately after—all the details surrounding Jesus'death, burial,

connoted with this ancient preChristian festival. True, and resurrection. From Mark we hear the glorious

spring and the resurrection are happily associated, not proclamation of the first empty tomb in all the world.

that there is anything in nature exactly analogous to No one can doubt that Mark was convinced in the resurrection, but there is so much of springtime his soul that Christ had come forth from the grave.

which suggests the thought of awakening. Like the To him the resurrection was not questionable, it was

stillness of death, Old Winter has held in his grasp real, and the appearance of his Lord and Master all vegetable life, but as spring approaches, the tender, among men was a fact established in his mind beyond lifegiving power and heat and light compel him to the shadow of doubt.

relinquish his grip, and what seemed to have been Another who records the testimony of eyewitnesses dead gradually awakens to a newness of life. was Luke, a gentile, a proselyte of Antioch in Syria,

where he followed the profession of physician. What

Not a symbol but a reality he wrote was a result of personal inquiry and investiBut the reawakening of physical life or even the gation, and was drawn from all available sources.

rehabilitation of spiritual ideals is not the real signifiParticularly he interviewed and recorded the declaracance of Easter as celebrated by the early Christians. tions of those "who from the beginning were eyewitThey commemorated the coming forth from the nesses and ministers of the word."He avers that he

tomb of their Crucified Lord, the Resurrected Christ. "accurately traced all things from the very first,"so

To all who accept Christ as Savior, his resurrection that he might "write them in order."This means

is not a symbolism but a reality. that Luke obtained the testimony of these eyewitThat his coming forth from the tomb was accepted nesses directly from them, not from previous narraas a fact by his disciples is a certainty. They knew, tives.

for their eyes beheld, their ears heard, their hands felt his corporeal presence. It was the knowledge Document gives testimony

that the Resurrected Lord talked with them and With assurance as to their accuracy, we can accept moved among them that changed discouraged, frighthis statements in regard to Peter's and Paul's and other ened, despairing disciples to confident, fearless, heroic apostles'testimonies regarding the resurrection. True,

preachers of the gospel of Jesus Christ. neither Mark nor Luke testifies that he saw the Living

On the evidence of these sincere, guileless, GodChrist; but fortunately there is a document which

fearing witnesses, faith in the resurrection of Christ gives the personal testimony of an eyewitness to an "has its impregnable foundation."appearance of Jesus after his death and burial. This

One of the first to put his testimony in writing was personal witness also corroborates the testimony not

Marcus, whose original Jewish name was John. There only of the two men I have quoted, but of others,

is reason to believe that he was a convert of Peter also. I refer to Saul, a Jew of Tarsus, educated at the

who affectionately refers to him as "Marcus, my son."feet of Gamaliel, a strict Pharisee; and, before his

Certainly he was closely associated with the chief conversion, Saul was a bitter persecutor of all who apostle from whom he heard at the time—not years believed in Jesus of (Continued on page 283)

APRIL 1958 Is baptism for the remission of sins

time of the Savior only, or

QUESTION: "In our study group we were

discussing the words of Jesus to Nicodemus: 'Except

a man he horn of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God;'(John 3:5) and the

question arose whether this was an edict given by the

Savior that was binding on the world from his time only, or if this practice and commandment had existed from the beginning of time. Some of us thought it

was a new doctrine binding upon the world from the

Saviors time and that in ancient times, and until his coining, there were other principles of salvation which did not include baptism and the laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost. It was stated that

baptism is not mentioned in the Old Testament and it was felt by some surely if it was the practice anciently the Old Testament would have some mention of it. Will you be so kind as to enlighten us on this

question?"Your ANSWER: Your view is one believed in

by some religious denominations, but it is contrary to the teachings of the Bible.

Baptism for the remission of sins is an ordinance Question of the gospel which has been required of all who seek the kingdom of God since the transgression of by Joseph Fielding Smith Adam. We may well believe that it is an ordinance

President of the Council of the Twelve which has prevailed on every earth created through the ages where mortality prevailed. In fact, each

principle and ordinance of the gospel has always been required for the salvation of mortal man.

There are several reasons why baptism would not be mentioned in the Old Testament. First, baptism

is a Greek word meaning to dip or immerse. The

Old Testament was written in Hebrew, therefore the word baptism would not be found in the original writings. There are some passages in the Old Testament that could be interpreted to refer to baptism

such as washing and cleansing. The font in the temple

of Solomon was evidently used for this purpose.

Second, through the years scribes were busy making copies of the scriptures, and they inadvertently, or otherwise, made some changes. There is no original

copy of any of the books of the Bible known to man

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA an ordinance of the gospel binding on the world from the

was it also required in earlier dispensations?

today; that eliminations could have occurred is very "And if they will not repent and believe in his

possible. name, and be baptized in his name, and endure to the

Third, in later translations after the scriptures fell end, they must be damned; for the Lord God, the

into the hands of Christian scholars who did not Holy One of Israel, has spoken it."2

accept baptism by immersion, other errors could have All through the Book of Mormon there are referoccurred. Especially was this the case as it was reences to baptism as an ordinance for the remission

vealed to Nephi by the angel of the Lord. On this of sins. What their word for baptism was is not

point Nephi wrote: revealed, but in the translation the Prophet Joseph

"And the angel of the Lord said unto me: Thou hast Smith used the familiar expression of our time.

beheld that the book proceeded forth from the mouth of a Jew; and when it proceeded forth from the mouth Purpose of baptism explained

of a Jew it contained the plainness of the gospel of In the Pearl of Great Price the purpose of baptism the Lord, of whom the twelve apostles bear record; is explained as taught to Adam as follows:

and they bear record according to the truth which "Wherefore teach it unto your children, that all is in the Lamb of God. men, everywhere, must repent, or they can in nowise

"Wherefore, these things go forth from the Jews inherit the kingdom of God, for no unclean thing in purity unto the Gentiles, according to the truth can dwell there, or dwell in his presence; for, in the

which is in God.. language of Adam, Man of Holiness is his name, and

"And after they go forth by the hand of the twelve the name of his Only Begotten is the Son of Man, apostles of the Lamb, from the Jews unto the Gentiles, even Jesus Christ, a righteous Judge, who shall come thou seest the foundation of a great and abominable in the meridian of time.

church, which is most abominable above all other "Therefore I give unto you a commandment, to churches; for behold, they have taken away from the teach these things freely unto your children, saying:

gospel of the Lamb many parts which are plain and "That by reason of transgression cometh the fall, most precious; and also many covenants of the Lord which fall bringeth death, and inasmuch as ye were

have they taken away. born into the world by water, and blood, and the

"And all this have they done that they might perspirit, which I have made, and so became of dust a vert the right ways of the Lord, that they might blind living soul, even so ye must be born again into the the eyes and harden the hearts of the children of kingdom of heaven, of water, and of the Spirit, and men."1 be cleansed by blood, even the blood of mine Only

Begotten; that ye might be sanctified from all sin,

Baptism a fundamental principle and enjoy the words of eternal life in this world, and

The Book of Mormon teaches us that baptism for eternal life in the world to come, even immortal glory;

the remission of sins was a fundamental principle of "For by the water ye keep the commandment; by

the gospel among the Nephites from the time of Lehi the Spirit ye are justified, and by the blood ye are all through their history. Jacob, son of Lehi, in a sanctified."3

most wonderful discourse on the mission of Jesus Therefore Adam was baptized, and the Spirit of

Christ, said to them: God descended upon him, and thus "he was born of

"And he commandeth all men that they must rethe Spirit, and became quickened in the inner man."4

pent, and be baptized in his name, having perfect When John the Baptist came from the wilderness faith in the Holy One of Israel, or they cannot be crying repentance and baptizing all who came to him, saved in the kingdom of God. his act did not seem to create any curiosity as if he

(See page 287 for footnotes.) were introducing some (Continued on page 261)

APRIL 1958 225 The great Gordon T. Alfred, Editorial Associatelabor of love

When a lonely seaman arrived in Tuhikaramea, understood what the project really was, but the next

New Zealand, many months ago—from no one knows day, reluctant to leave, he joined the work crew, a crew

where—he little realized that his wandering days had which, strangely enough, received no wages—only

about ended. board and room and a small weekly allowance. More

While all the facts are not known, something about curious still, the entire construction program, with like this occurred: some two hundred workers and technicians, funcThrough tired eyes he beheld a vast sweep of land tioned on the same basis. Those people called themundergoing birth pains—a series of buildings, one of selves "Mormons."Young men, older men with wives

which bore the marks of a modern college. Beyond, and children, Maoris and Americans together, they

swelling on a hill, was something else. What was it, formed a compact community of about five hundred,

a giant chapel? A great edifice out there, its tower all donating their time to the construction of a college

stabbing at the sky. Perhaps the scene sobered him and a temple. What's more, he learned, such people

a little. were doing similar things throughout the South

Wandering on, he encountered a group of Maori Pacific—building schools, and chapels, teaching their

workers, boys most of them, and began asking quesphilosophy. Free!

tions. A little later, when his sea legs grew rubbery Yes, he'd heard about the Mormons somewhere—

from fatigue, the workers took him to their own a strange lot, weren't they? But this, all that was

quarters, fed and put him up for the night. going on about him.... And they were doing it all

It may have been some time before he even faintly free. This beggared the wildest tales he'd ever heard

Air view of temple project Temple president's home to the rear of Scaffolding for the 157foot tower. The

temple, motels on left. 1 r&:ed gardens are planned for the hill slopes. temple at this stage was over half finished.

about such people. It was even more incredible than

the story about a people with horns sprouting from their heads.

They were a happy people, a singing people, a smiling people, generous, hard working, reverent, and simultaneously fun loving. No, he decided, there had

to be an ulterior motive. People didn't just do that

sort of thing. He inquired around. Why? The real

answer? The hidden one?

"It's a call from the Lord,"one Maori lad said, simply. "We're serving a mission,"another told him.

Mystified, he cornered another young man. "How

long have you been here?"he asked.

"Oh, five, maybe six years. I don't know."

"Five or six years! And you don't care how long

it's been?"The other merely smiled and shrugged.

"How long will you stay here?"

"Until the work's finished."

Possibly the seaman stroked his stubby chin. It

was time to ask, "What are you getting out of this?"

"Oh, we're learning a profession,"he was informed.

"We're gaining skills, which will help us to find a good vocation one of these days. But that's not the

main reason we stay on here. We've been called."

"I see,"the stranger mused. He looked up, and

made a sweeping gesture. "And where will you go

when this is all finished? Back to your parents?"

"For a while."The young man lifted up his eyes

to the temple spire. "Then... I think I'll go on

another mission. I want to go out among the people.

I want to tell them what I know."

The seaman shook his head. A good feeling here

... something about the whole atmosphere.... But

after all, a man had to earn a decent wage. He

couldn't just give up a big segment of his life. The

man wandered quietly off toward the town. Perhaps

it was time to go down to the sea once more.

No one saw anything of him for a while. Like a

boat with its mooring cut, he had just drifted outward, rudderless. Then one day workers on the project

saw a familiar figure. His path was straighter, and

his eyes were clear. "I want to work with you,"he

said quietly. "I came back."

(Top to bottom) Willard Ahmu and Hami Nuku working atop scaffolding; Earl and Cyril Paea,

brothers, painting cafeteria window frames; workmen plastering within

the temple (names not available);

group of workers, some of whom will sing at the dedication of temple, relaxing at end of day.

Months later that same man stood before a throng ed his views to the General Authorities, who readily of tourists, explaining some of the astonishing things accepted them. Subsequently, Elder Gordon C. Young

he had learned about a "peculiar"people, about their was set apart as president of that mission and assigned schools and chapels, about the modern college, about the task of acquiring a location.

the great temple, about the immensity of the whole In the long history of selecting Church settlements project there in the Pacific, about the Church of Jesus and building sites, one element seems especially

Christ of Latterday Saints, and a doctrine which had significant. While human wisdom, planning, and

engendered a whole history of human effort, and hard work have always been requisite, there has likesacrifice. He was now a guide as well as a worker, wise been need for guidance from on high, guidance

one of the best guides on the project. He'd been which has often come with surprising directness and

baptized not long before. His anchor had at last spontaneity. As Brother Young traveled the Tuhicome to rest on the solid rock of the gospel. karamea Road one day, he was impelled to exclaim,

A great many people have been attracted to that "This is the place!"just as another Young, an ancestor,

temple and college site, outside Francton Junction, had done years before upon viewing the Salt Lake not far from Hamilton. Some have looked, gone their Valley. There, a college was to grow. In 1950, the

way, and perhaps all but forgotten the strange underChurch purchased two hundred and fifteen acres, taking. A great many more have carried with them and Elder George R. Biesinger was called to supervivid impressions and emotions, which are leading vise construction in the Pacific, with special focus upon

them to seek more knowledge about its underlying New Zealand. With scant notice, Elder Biesinger

forces. Others, like the wayfaring seaman, have beleft a million dollars worth of contracts in the hands

come a part of it all, of the great building endeavor, of his father, who had to come out of retirement, and and the even greater gospel encompassing it. went to his first assignment on a chapel in Auckland. In 1952, he launched the longawaited college

The Church has seen over a century of growth in construction.

the Pacific. It was 1854 when the first missionaries It was during the Christmas vacation that grounddebarked in New Zealand, and not until a good many breaking ceremonies were held, and the first resiyears later did Church construction commence on a dence was completed for Elder Biesinger and family.

large scale. The Maori Agricultural College, first Thus, after thirtynine years, a Church college was

LDSconstructed school in New Zealand, was rising again in the South Pacific.

dedicated in 1913 near Hastings in Hawkes Bay. While members in that quarter of the globe had

For eighteen years it flourished, providing training long thirsted for a (Continued on page 268) for a good many prominent New Zealanders; then tragedy rumbled—the great

Napier earthquake leveled the buildings. The MAC

came to an end.

From 1938 to 1945, the revered Elder Matthew Cowley, then president of the New Zealand Mission, emphasized the need for a new college. Upon returning to America, he presentCollege and temple project,

showing auditorium and classroom blocks (right foreground ); dormitories

(foreground, left of center);

teachers'houses ( center ) timber tanalising plant, (left foreground); temple

on rise at left.

APRIL 1958 229 Lawyer, lawman, educator, W. Cleon Skousen is never too busy to be a Churchman, or to

use his facile pen or dynamic speaking ability in its behalf. He was born in Canada, grew to

maturity in California and Mexico, filled a mission in the British Isles, and later served as president of the Washington Stake Mission. He was for many years with the FBI. Elder Skousen is a

former faculty member of Brigham Young University, serving as assistant professor of speech and director of public services. He has written MIA manuals, the script for a motion picture

on the Church welfare plan, and several books which have proved so popular that they have been translated for Spanishspeaking members of the Church. Presently he is the Gospel Doctrine

class instructor in the Parley's Ward Sunday School. The latest title to come from the pen of

Salt Lake City's chief of police is this series, "So That's What Boys Are Made of."His newest

book, just off the press, is "The Naked Communist."

(First of a Series) So you want to raise a boy?

W. Cleon Skousen,

Chief of Police, Salt Lake City

Several years ago I was invited by my associates education. Of course, this was only true in a humorous

in the field of law enforcement to write a book on and relative sense, but it did emphasize a lesson juvenile delinquency. Looking back on it now, I which all of us ultimately learn, namely, that there

think the reason I failed to respond to that request is a vast difference between a textbook on child psywas because my own brood of eight little whoop 'n chology and a real live boy—particularly one who

holler experts were gradually giving me the sneaking has inherited all the maverick qualities of his father!

suspicion that what parents needed was not so much a study of juvenile delinquents as it was a practical "Am I Raising a Juvenile Delinquent?"

catalog of concrete, cast iron suggestions on how to Here is a question parents usually ask the police raise a family of nondelinquents. every time a boy happens to get into serious trouble.

So that is what this present study will be mostly Just so those parents with problem boys will not about. It is an adventurous attempt to set down as think we are going to leave out "delinquency"altosimply as possible the ABC's of child psychology and gether, let us state a few facts at the beginning which

the XYZ's of parental survival. In other words, these may help clear the air before we get on with the task

are the things I wish someone had been brave enough of discussing the raising of a normal boy.

to tell me when I first started raising my own family. First of all, it is somewhat reassuring to newly initiOne may wonder why this particular study is reated parents to learn that it is normal to have trouble

stricted to boys. It is simply a matter of expediency. with their children. Most young couples start out

The plain unvarnished truth is that ten times more married life with profound mutual assurances that boys get into trouble than girls. Obviously, girls their children will be different; but, like the rest of

have difficulties, too, but perhaps we can give them us, they will discover that when their children come their fair share of consideration after we have talked along they will be just ordinary human beings after about the boys. all, and that means problems. Of course, their

In launching a study of this kind we might take problems need not become chronic, but problems considerable comfort from the fact that there are no there will be. This business of developing human

living experts on the subject of raising boys. There character in children and growing good citizens is

are many students of the subject but no experts. I simply an oldfashioned building operation and nothonce had a friend who was newly out of college who ing worth while was ever built or grown without

boldly proclaimed himself to be an expert, but when meeting the fury of many frustrations and doing a

I met him a few years later he was a broken man. lot of onthe-spot problem solving.

He said he had married soon after having graduated Studies show that about 95% of the parents sucand when his children came along they repealed his ceed in working out their boys'problems, but there

230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

kseKfi;,,. s*

are the remaining cases where the problems become by actually getting a job and buying the car, we pat so complex for both the youngsters and their parents him on the back and say he will probably be a sucthat they fail to handle them in a manner acceptable cess in life. But if he mumbles and mopes around

to society. And that is all juvenile delinquents really because his father will not buy him the car and uses

areboys with problems which are not being handled this as an excuse to go out some night and steal it, properly. then he is in trouble with a capital T, and the local

police will soon have him listed as a J.D.

Take, for example, the 16year-old boy who can This, therefore, is the first thing we put down about hardly eat or sleep because he wants a 1948 stripped- a socalled juvenile delinquent: he is usually an ordidown fourwheel beauty which he has spotted on a nary boy with problems which he and the adults

certain downtown used car lot. If his anxiety for this around him are not handling in a manner acceptable

car stirs him into action so that he surprises his folks to the rest of the community.

232 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA From this it will also become immediately apparent ployed, and the mother is trying to help out by workthat a delinquent might be anybody's boy. He does ing, or there has been an illness in the family, or some

not have to be a special "type"as they used to think other misfortune has attacked the normal stability of a few years ago. He is not a boy with certain facial the parents. Of course, temporary neglect may also be

features or with a certain variety of skull bumps. He the result of too much prosperity in a family. The stais not a boy who was raised in any particular part bility of parents may be attacked by excessive social or

of town or on any particular economic or social level. professional pressures so that they lack both the time

He is not a boy of a particular age (after World War and energy necessary to properly supervise a boy.

II it was usually age 1819; today it is usually 1415). But whether the temporary neglect of a boy is due

He is not necessarily a dull boy nor does he necessarily to misfortune or good fortune, if the attitude of the have a dislike for school. He might be active in a parents is basically sound, it usually needs nothing

boys'organization and even be active in his church. more from the police than a polite reminder of their

No organization and no family are 100% delinquencyneglect, and these parents will cinch up the slack in proof. their home life and take care of Junior's problems

without any further help being required from the

Who Is to Blame for Juvenile Delinquency? community.

This brings us to the second important point. The vast majority of the cases coming to the attenNaturally, when people observe an outcropping of tion of the police fall within this last category. Studies

delinquency they tend to judge the builders of a show that where parents try to cooperate with the human personality precisely the way they judge the police, 95% of the youngsters will make satisfactory builders of a house. If the house has a leaning wall, adjustments after their first arrest and never come

a cracked foundation, or a leaking roof, they blame to the attention of the police again.

the contractors. Because parents are God's contractors for the building of character in children, What Are the Trademarks of a

people tend to blame them when the product is faulty. Juvenile Delinquent?

But police officers working with juvenile problems A delinquent is usually a boy who starts out with learn early in their careers to respect the passage of the same troubles most boys have. He tends to dislike

scripture which says, "Judgment is mine, saith the work, doesn't think he has enough money, wants a

Lord."None of us can tell from a distance what a car, wants more attention, figures he is a social misfit

set of parents may have had to work with as they and that certain people don't like him, has trouble tried to build a boy into a good citizen. Sometimes in some of his classes at school, and daydreams a

there are defective timbers, nails without temper, and lot. I know a boy we will call "Joe"who is struggling

a disproportionate amount of sand in the concrete. I with these very problems, but I think he will make

have seen some parents who have given a youngster the grade without becoming a delinquent. Here are

far more guidance and affection than his pals were the reasons why. When his boss at the service station

getting and still end up with a young hoodlum. bawled him out for being lazy, he felt very angry

This simply means that some parents have a much about it, but since then he has been doing better. He

tougher assignment than their neighbors may know also thought some of his teachers had it in for him about. Therefore, judgment should be restrained. because he was not getting good grades, but since

Still, on the other hand, there are certain types of his father had a twohour session with both him and parents who are so mixed up in their thinking that his teachers and he heard in no uncertain terms what they treat their children as unfortunate accumulations it would take to get better grades, he seems to be of unwanted baggage who should be dumped on the trying harder. As for daydreaming, he still does a

schools, the church, or some social agency to take lot of that, but he is beginning to get so busy there care of. When a case study shows that a boy is being isn't much time for it any more.

raised in this type of home and by this kind of parents, I also know another boy we will call "Jake."Jake

we have a completely different problem. The indighas been fired from four afterschool jobs. At school

nation of the community is entirely justified and that he was nearly expelled for cheating on exams in set of parents should be subjected to whatever presclasses he was flunking. He enjoys "rodding"around

sures are necessary to help them appreciate their in his car to see how many violations he can get away fundamental responsibilities. with in between tickets. He enjoys telling people

Finally, there is an inbetween type of situation off, and lately he has developed the idea that it's where the parents are sincerely desirous of doing a smart to have a hangover.

good job, but their boy's delinquency is the result of The difference between Joe and Jake is the proba- a temporary period of neglect when a father is unembility that Joe will make it, ( Continued on page 260

APRIL 1958 233 "And even so I have sent mine everlasting covenant into the world, to be a light to the world, and to be a standard for my people, and for the Gentiles to seek to it, and to be a messenger before my face to prepare the way before me."(D & C 45:9.)

"Verily I say unto you all: Arise and shine forth,

that thy light may be a standard for the nations."

(Bid., 115:5.)

There is one thing that members of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints should always be conscious of and that is, as the name implies, that this Church is the Church of Jesus Christ, established by him personally through the Prophet Joseph Smith;

that in it is the fulness of his gospel as revealed from heaven. Its authority is clearly stated in the scripture: "For verily I say unto you, the keys of the dispensation, which ye have received, have come down

from the fathers, and last of all, being sent down from heaven unto you."(Ibid., 112:32.) The

Understanding this truth we must accept the fact that there is a double responsibility resting upon us.

One is that for our own salvation we must obey the to us. of other thus revealed commandments The GodStandards of that responsibility is salvation of the for the world

we must keep the commandments of God, thus restored from the heavens for the last time in this the dispensation of the fulness of times. the Church

No alternative by George Q. Morris Regarding our first responsibility, this truth has

of the Council of the Twelve been thus declared:

"And moreover, I say unto you, that there shall be no other name given nor any other way nor means whereby salvation can come unto the children of men, only in and through the name of Christ, the Lord

Omnipotent."(Mosiah 3:17.) We therefore can never

be justified in considering lightly the revealed word of God, the commandments given to us by the Lord

Jesus Christ, the Savior of the world. We must not

In preparation for the next visit of reason that this is just a matter of religion, which is the ward teachers, it is hoped that but one of many phases of life. Some argue that

by nature they are not religious, therefore they need each family will read, as a part of only be honest and upright and deal fairly with their their family hour, this stirring artifellow men, and in so doing live up to the best that is within them and thus be justified. No, there is an

cle. It is one of a series in which inherent principle in human existence that if we would

General Authorities, in cooperation be saved from damnation we must accept and be obedient to the Lord Jesus Christ as the Redeemer of with the Presiding Bishopric, discuss the world. There is no alternative.

the monthly ward teaching topics. There was a time before the creation of the world

Family Hour Discussion Topic

when we had a choice as to whether or not we wished attain perfection ultimately. And each act of obedito come to the earth and accept Jesus Christ as our ence moves us on toward that objective and each act

Redeemer.. There were some at that time who would of neglect and disobedience deflects us from that

not accept that condition; they rebelled against God, course.

and they were cast out of heaven and denied an "If you keep not my commandments, the love of earthly existence. We who have come to the earth the Father shall not continue with you, therefore you

and all who will come agreed to this condition of shall walk in darkness."(D & C 95:12.)

earth existence, that we would believe and be obedient to the Lord Jesus Christ as the Savior of the Eternal life, our goal world and be saved, or we would fail to do so and In the light of this the only truly intelligent attibe rejected. He clearly laid down this principle tude of Latterday Saints is that we shall receive in

when he told his disciples before his ascension to go gratitude and thanksgiving the commandments of the out and preach his gospel to the world, that those Lord. The Lord has blessings attached to his comwho would believe and be baptized would be saved mandments by which we increase in knowledge and

and those who would not would be damned. The power and all righteous achievement, and in the power

Lord clearly set this forth in his teachings when he to honor God and give help in bringing salvation to said, others, and thus move on to eternal life, our goal.

The first great commandment is to love God with

God so loved the world all our hearts. The second is like unto it, to love

"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only our neighbors as ourselves. The Ten Commandments

begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should are as true today as they were when they were given not perish, but have everlasting life. to Israel thousands of years ago. They have been

"He that believeth on him is not condemned: but reiterated in our modern revelations. Light and peace

he that believeth not is condemned already, because and joy and great temporal benefits come from the he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten observance of the Sabbath day, from the payment

Son of God."(John 3:16, 18.) of tithing, from the keeping of the Word of Wisdom,

And this is the testimony of his forerunner, John and from honoring the priesthood as restored from the Baptist. "The Father loveth the Son, and hath heaven; by observing the highest standards of personal

given all things into his hand. purity, morality, and chastity; by being unselfish and

"He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: honest and clean and pure and obeying all the comand he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; mandments. These are the great achievementsbut the wrath of God abideth on him."(Ibid., 3:35greater than wealth or popularity or any honors that

36.) men can bestow upon us.

We who have believed the gospel as it has come If we do not love God and our fellow men, if we to us and have been baptized into the Church of do not observe the Sabbath and the payment of tithcourse must realize that this has not accomplished ing and the keeping of the Word of Wisdom, if we our salvation. Even though the atonement of Jesus do not live in chastity (Continued on page 272)

makes it possible for all to live again, salvation can come only through a long process of keeping the commandments of God. Thereby we increase in light

and truth until at the end we become sanctified and fit to enter into the presence of God, which is salvation.

Elder Q. Morris is a George The Lord has established in his Church his priestsuperintendent general former

hood through which he directs the Church and gives of YMMIA, mission president, his instructions and commandments, and these comAssistant to the Council of the

Twelve. He was sustained a

mandments and teachings have come down to us member of the Council of the from the beginning of the Church and will continue. Twelve at the April 1954

The gospel is a standard by which we live and the general conference.

means by which we know how to live so that we may

APRIL 1958 235 How can I make this lesson meaningful to my stutherefore does not mar the image before them. Vividdents? No doubt most teachers view this as the ly they feel the cool spray of the rushing mountain

$64,000 question! Although the responses to this stream and fighting rainbow trout lashing about at

query are manifold, so an equal number agree that the end of the taut line. The experience approaches

the use of an object frequently makes that lesson reality as each boy in turn handles the shiny, smooth "come to life."rod, and spins the nylonthreaded reel.

The object need not be expensive to be impressive. Sensory teaching has long been recognized as vital

Wellchosen items which are commonplace in life are to the learning experience. Diogenes, the Greek

frequently the most effective. One teacher stood philosopher, carried a lantern and held it up to the

before his class with a bar of soap in hand. "Did you faces of those among whom he searched for an "honever realize that repentance is the soap of life?"est man."Jeremiah wore an oxen yoke around his

he queried. "It helps wash away the sins of each neck endeavoring to impress the people that they

day."He pointed out the necessity of daily washing would also be brought into bondage if they did not

to remove the accumulation of dirt which soils one's return to the God of Israel. Moroni's banner fashperson during the course of a day, but stated that ioned from his own cloak was a great object lesson in

some people apparently do not understand the imBook of Mormon history. Joseph Smith compared his

portance of the habit. "Why would one choose to ring to the eternal nature of man, explaining that it

remain dirty when he could be clean? Possibly he is had neither beginning nor end. And of course, the

indifferent and desires to follow the path of least Master Teacher epitomized the value of visual teachresistance—but whatever the reason, he will remain ing when he was about to be ensnared in a Pharisaic

unclean until he avails himself of the opportunity of trap. The question was one of loyalties to God and

washing."man. He called for a Roman coin, held it before the

At this point the students began to see the applicacrowd and asked whose imprint it carried. "Caesar's,"

tion of a bar of soap to repentance. The teacher came the reply. He quelled his tormentors with a

continued: "Repentance is the soap of life which the terse response, "Render therefore unto Caesar the

Lord has given us to remove from our lives the harmthings which are Caesar's; and unto God the things

ful effects of darkness, ignorance, sin, and wickedthat are God's."(Matt. 22:21.) Numerous were the

ness."New meaning came to the scripture as a student examples he used, always employing that which was

read: "Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord? common and familiar to help teach a principle of life

or who shall stand in his holy place? which was difficult or perhaps abstract.

"He that hath clean hands, and a pure heart."(Psalm Object lessons can serve as:

24:3-4.) 1. Attentiongetters or springboards. They act as a

Such a lesson well prepared and effectively porfocal point on which to center attention, thereby trayed will have a continuing effect in the life of a providing a springboard for launching into the lesson.

student. Each time he picks up a bar of soap to The teacher might hold two rings before his studentscleanse his hands he will likely be reminded of the one a real diamond, the other a zircon. The undismoral lesson of a fine teacher who taught him that cerning eye cannot differentiate between the real

"repentance is the soap of life."and the counterfeit. The springboard has been proAn object lesson provides opportunity for students vided so the teacher might appropriately carry on a

to utilize most of their senses, which accelerates discussion of the true Church of God and images learning. Have you ever watched a group of boys thereof found throughout the world or, an effective

in a sporting goods store experiment with a new fishanalogy might be drawn on the difference between ing rod? The price of the item is of no import and real love which results in successful marriage, and

236 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA infatuation which offers only diminishing returns.

2. Framework—In this case the entire lesson is

centered around the object and reference is continually made to the object, such as is the case of the "bar of soaprepentance"analogy. Similarly, miniature

stairs might be made for display. From the rear view

they appear like a wall or barrier, but closer examination reveals steps, each of which might be inscribed "faith,""repentance,""baptism,"etc. Then follows

the lesson on the plan of salvation. Frequently those

principles first viewed as barriers become steppingstones for ultimate exaltation. He who searches for

wisdom and truth must be wise in judgment and action. 3. Clinchers—After a lesson presentation has been

made, an object can "cement"the learning. It might

be effective with a lesson on chastity. A rose, a piece toof cotton, or a stick of gum passed among students How

provides interesting contrast to the "untouched"replicas held for student view. Without further moralizing, students are able to grasp the importance and

meaning in the contrast, and another point is driven make your home and "clinched."

After deciding which purpose you want an object to serve, it is well to remember the following:

1. Objects in and of themselves are unimportant. lessonsThey are merely a means to an end. Keep this "end"

well defined.

2. Let the students provide the desired object whenever possible. Frequently they will see meaning in items overlooked by the teacher. Wellorganized live

student presentations are often far more impressive to the class members than the same presentation given by the teacher.

3. Ask yourself the question: Will the demonstraby Dale T. Tingey, Instructor

tion result in stimulating class action and spiritual deDivision of Religion, velopment? If you can answer in the affirmative, you Brigham Young University

are likely a good teacher, becoming a better one.

You will soon learn that the gateway to the heart is through the senses. Creative, enthusiastic, and Conducted by

systematic planning will bring forth countless objects the Unified to enrich your lessons and help them live forever in Church School System the hearts of youth.

APRIL 1958 237

Northward Ho

the Prairies

The Bradley family join the LDS colonies in Alberta knowledge that I was wanted, was needed both by and are struggling to cultivate and reclaim their virgin my family and by others, was reassuring. Busy from

kind. Diane, who had planned to return to Utah, morning till night, my own needs were pushed into

stays on to teach school. Stan, who has come for her the background, but always in my mind was the

from Utah, is disappointed with Diane's decision to dream of a man who would someday enrich my life remain. Ben Amussen, a neighbor, has been escorting with his love. Time taught me that the heart has a

her to and from church functions. way of changing, like things in nature. The alteration is so gradual that even if we are able to disConclusion tinguish its different states, we are still spared the

actual sensation of change.

We tried to make the days until Stan's train was As usual, Ben came visiting but was never obtruto leave pass as pleasantly as possible. He visited sive. Walking along the wheat field one day with

Ben and later told me of their conversation. the family, he observed, "Anyone who loves beauty

"A strange man, this Ben. You know, he takes the must love the looks of a wide expanse of ripening

weather as God sends it; doesn't pray as the other grain."

farmers do that it will be changed to suit their needs.

He keeps saying it's the dispensation of Providence."Threshing time came and the threshing machine

As we rode to the depot, Stan observed thoughtwas laid out in the hard gumbo yard. Soon a cloud

fully, "I feel that I have become a man since coming of chaff and dust settled on the men. Particles of

here. I'm losing you, but somehow the pain is lightstraw stuck to their sweating necks and arms. The

ened as I view the strength shown in all your lives. stubble was hard and bright and the straw crept into

I see service in its purest form, unmindful of self, shirts and pants like needles.

only of preparing suitable homes for generations to Mother and I cooked for the men an interminable come. Service imperfect of course, never to be finnumber of pies and cakes, which with boiled or

ished, but preparation for something better and roasted beef, potatoes, and homemade pickles, made greater. I know you are as sincere in seeing your up their meals. Johnny and Harlan carried the water

place in the scheme of things as I am in seeing mine. jug to the men.

I can only try to be sensible and go back without you."After the noise of the threshing, the stillness was

Returning to the farm, the loneliness, the emptiness, oppressive. Though the house was not hot and

surrounded and swept over me. Throwing dishwater steamy, I felt closed in when not busy, and whenever

out into the soft darkness, I wondered if I could go possible slipped out of doors to look over the treeless through with it, if I could live my life without Stan. plains, warm and sunny for autumn. Closer in were

But a deep feeling of strength grew within me. The the fields, freshly threshed, (Continued on page 254)

by Helen K. Orgill

We met with a splash of hoofs, and the horses, their sides dripping, eame close together

? P Church members saddened by the death of Elder S. Bennion Adam

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr., Research Editor

Elder Adam S. Bennion of the Council of the eye on their early abode, the log cabin, and the

Twelve, first and foremost a champion of youth and other eye turned a little to the northwest, you will skilled in the problems of the young people, died realize that while they lived in a log cabin they

Tuesday morning, February 11, 1958, at 8:35, followdreamed dreams of a temple.... The men who

ing a cerebral hemorrhage. come from New York marvel as they turn from the

Called as a member of the Council of the Twelve log cabin and its hint of poverty to the temple that at the April 1953 general conference, Elder Bennion took forty years to build and required four million had filled that high and important calling with the dollars that they did not have. They were real

happy combination of the vibrant outlook of youth people."

and the wisdom of his mature years. He was seventyone at his death. Elder Bennion was stricken Wednesday evening,

Certainly one of the many highlights of his minFebruary 5, 1958, while at home. That previous

istry was his tour of ten mission fields in Europe week end, February 1 and 2, he had filled his stake between April 22, 1956, and September 24, 1956. He conference assignment in East Mill Creek Stake.

traveled thirtyone thousand miles on this tour, listenElder Bennion was born at Taylorsville, Utah, Deing to the testimonies of 1056 missionaries, meeting cember 2, 1886, the son of Joseph Bushnell and Mary with the Saints and with LDS servicemen stationed Ann Sharp Bennion. There were also five sisters in

in Europe. He loved them, and they returned that the family. He was soon to learn the meaning of

love. He summed up his trip with, "... those five being a widow's son, since his father died when

months have been the most enriching and inspiring Adam Samuel Bennion was but a year and a half old.

months of my life."He came up through the public schools and was

When he was sustained a member of the Council graduated from the University of Utah in 1908 with of the Twelve five years ago this April conference, he a bachelor of arts degree. From 1909 to 1911 he was

said: "I am honored but humbled. For years I have an English instructor at the LDS high school in Salt

been going up and down the land preaching—but. in Lake City. The following year he received his master

the hour of this greatest call I have no preachment."of arts degree at Columbia University, New York

He went on to recall: "I love this Church and its City. He returned to Utah to become head of the

people. In the fall of 1847 my grandfather came English department and later principal of Granite

across the plains and lived in a log cabin such as is in High School. From 1917 to 1919, he served as an

the southeast corner of this [Salt Lake Temple] assistant professor at the University of Utah. He

block. For a quarter of a century now it has been was a teacher in the finest sense of the word.

my privilege to bring men from all parts of the He left the university faculty in 1919 to become country to this block, and in tribute to our pioneers superintendent of Church schools, retaining that

I always take them to one spot.... If you'll go position until 1928. During this time he served as

yonder to the southeast corner and stand with one professor of education at Brigham Young University

240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for two years, also teaching classes in religion at that tendency of the Sunday School from 1904 to 1907 institution. He was affiliated with their summer and taught in the ward MIA. From 1907 to 1915,

school faculty until released from the Church position. except during his absence for educational purposes,

After studying in Chicago and the University of he was a member of the Granite Stake Sunday School

California, he received his doctor of philosophy desuperintendency. He was called to the general board

gree. Several years ago Elder Bennion was asked of the Deseret Sunday School Union in 1915. In

by the Church historian's office to complete a April 1953, when he was sustained a member of the biographical blank which asked for "Missions Filled, Council of the Twelve, as he interviewed the memWhen and Where."Elder Bennion wrote, "No formal of the Sunday School board, in point of service. Since

call, but active in New York 19111912, Chicago 1916, 1953, he has given valuable service to the Sunday

Berkeley 192223."School as adviser to that organization.

In his early youth Elder Bennion was active in As he served on the various committees of the sports and frequently took part in track competition, Council of the Twelve, as he interviewed the memin which he excelled. bers who came in to see him concerning some phase

His long service in the Church began in the Tayof Church work, his office literally became a crosslorsville Ward, where he served in the superinroads. Finding a moment ( Continued on page 264

APRIL 1958 241 Leadership Development

the Miracle

by Sterling W. Sill

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

another. Think of the effect of the life of Aristotle

"Your personality is what disuponAn AlexanderinterestingthetraditionGreat, ortellsJesusof uponApelles,Simona GreekPeter.

tinguishes you as an individual. artist of the fourth century, B.C., who enchanted the

It includes habit patterns, charworld with his painting of the goddess of beauty.

For years he traveled over Greece, selecting the most acter qualities, and behavior."beautiful women to be used as models for his masterpiece. He took the eyes of one, the forehead of another. He saw a grace here, a particular turn of

No discussion of leadership development would be beauty there. When his famous canvas was finished,

complete which did not give consideration to the it enthralled the world.

personality of the leader. The most inspiring and Apelles may be only a tradition, but the principle

the most powerful thing in the world is a great huis real. Each personality is a composite, and we build

man personality. The masterpiece of all creation is largely from what we admire in others. This empha-

a human being at his best. And the best way to sizes one of the advantages of having fine associates

build leadership is through effective personality and reading good literature, particularly the great development. scriptures. We tend to acquire those qualities which

The dictionary defines personality as "the qualities are most strongly impressed upon our minds, and of being a particular person."Your personality is our strongest impressions come from people. Thomas

what distinguishes you as an individual. It includes Carlyle said: "You cannot look upon a great man

habit patterns, character qualities, and forms of bewithout gaining something from him."A personality

havior expressed through physical and mental activiquality can be most readily absorbed when we see it ties and attitudes. Some have estimated that as high clearly and in a favorable setting.

as eightyfive percent of all success depends upon For example, Louis Fischer wrote a book portraypersonality. What we are will largely determine ing the life of the Indian patriot, Mohandas K. Gandhi.

our leadership. This little brown man weighed 112 pounds. He went

Then how can these qualities best be developed around fourfifths naked; he lived in a mud hut, withto bring us to our peak of effectiveness? Socrates out electric lights, running water, or telephone. He

said, "Know thyself."Study of self can be very helpful. didn't own an automobile. He never sought or held

We can also improve ourselves by studying others. a public office; he was withIf we can identify a harmful trait in someone else, out political post, academic

we can eliminate it from our own personality. When distinction, scientific

we see a helpful quality in another, we can reproduce achievement, or artistic gift.

it in ourselves. He had no armies, no diploProbably the greatest influence in the world is exmats, no property. Yet men

ample. We learn to walk, to talk, and to eat by with great governments and

watching someone else. Most of our manners, morals, powerful armies behind

and personality qualities are adopted. Even Jesus said, them paid him homage.

"I do nothing except what I have seen my Father do."Apelles, Greek artist Gandhi's followers renamed

(See John 5:19.) We can hardly realize the tremenof the fourth century him "The Mahatma,"meandous influence that one personality can have upon ing The Great Soul.

\242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of Personality

The powerful British government soon discovered felt that to believe a thing and not to practise it was that it could not rule India against Gandhi and it dishonest and gave institutions and men split percould not rule India without Gandhi. Gandhi became sonalities, whereas man should be all in one piece.

as near "India"as anyone or anything could be. By the Gandhi never trifled. He practised severe selfsheer power of his great personality, Gandhi raised discipline all of his days. With Gandhi, to believe

himself to be the unquestioned leader of 500 million was to act. There was no pretense. Facesaving to

people and became the greatest power in India and him was an unintelligible concept. When he had

probably in the world. Louis Fischer calls this decided something was good, he forced himself to

phenomenon by which a belowaverage human being follow through and translate every thought into action.

can raise himself to great heights of accomplishment, Gandhi's mother taught him that eating meat was "The Miracle of Personality."This "miracle"is made wrong, inasmuch as it necessitated the destruction of

more important by the fact that each of us may perother life. And so young Gandhi took a pledge to his

form it for himself. mother to remain a strict vegetarian throughout his

Gandhi started his life under life. Many years after Gandhi's

some very real handicaps. He mother had died, Gandhi himregarded himself as a coward. self was very ill and not exHe was afraid of the dark. He pected to live. His physicians

had a damaging inferiority tried to get him to drink a complex. He had an unconlittle beef broth to save his

trollable temper. Because of life. But Gandhi said, "Even

these and other disadvantages for life itself we may not do with which he started life, he certain things. There is only

worked to the end of his days one course open to me, to die at age seventyeight to "rebut never to break my pledge."

make"himself, and at one time Just imagine what it would called himself "A self remade mean in the world if all of the man."presentday leaders of nations

For those who are looking had a similar integrity, where for a good phrase with startling their word could absolutely be possibilities, that is one of the Gandhi"a self remadecalled himselfman"depended upon. Trust and

best. Personal improvement is confidence should be the founnecessary for accomplishment. It is impossible to rise dation of every worthwhile relationship.

higher as a leader than we rise as individuals. One of In the matter of trustworthiness Gandhi excelled.

our common weaknesses is that too often we want to Everyone understood that Gandhi was absolutely change our circumstances but are unwilling to change honest, that he could be trusted, that his motives ourselves. were right. When Gandhi said something, everyone

Gandhi believed in being, not in having nor in seemknew that that was exactly what he meant. Millions

ing. He believed that the discord between deed and trusted Gandhi; millions obeyed him; multitudes

creed lies at the root of innumerable wrongs in our followed him. But strangely enough, only a few

civilization. He believed this discord to be the weakever attempted to do as he did. Gandhi's greatness

ness of churches, states, parties, and persons. Gandhi lay in doing what everybody can but does not do.

APRIL 1958 243 One of the greatest ambitions of Gandhi's life was of throwing out British rule while England was helpto free India. But he felt that before he could free less. But Gandhi said, "No, we will not steal even

India from the British he must free himself from the our independence."Gandhi would probably have

weaknesses that held him down. Man at his best given his life at any moment in exchange for his

must be in perfect control of himself. Gandhi detercountry's freedom, but he did not want independence

mined to make himself an effective instrument of if it could not be honorably won.

negotiation for India's welfare. How well he sucGandhi believed that ideas and reason, fairness and

ceeded is known to everyone. It is Mr. Fischer's understanding were superior to force as instruments

opinion that not since Socrates has the world seen of negotiation. This he believed even when he had

Gandhi's equal for absolute selfcontrol and comabsolute power to do as he pleased. How inspiring

posure. He was thought by some to be the world's is the spirit of a truly great man! By way of contrast,

most Christlike person, and yet he was not a Christian. there are men living today who would not hesitate

Gandhi went on long fasts for one instant to use any means to discipline. He reasoned that if he enslave everyone in the world if

could not curb his passion for food, they thought they could.

how could he handle the more Gandhi's tremendous personal difficult of life's situations? He power often remained unused. He

said, "How can I control others if said, "We cannot learn discipline

I cannot control myself?"by compulsion."He never reGandhi realized early in life taliated. His reason told him that

that integrity and manhood are the policy of "an eye for an eye,"among the most important instruif carried out, would eventually ments of power. This realization make everybody blind. Gandhi

gave him a great advantage. did not attempt to be clever. He

Gandhi said, "I cannot conceive a once declared, "I have never had greater loss to a man than the loss recourse to cunning in all of my of his selfrespect."Even while Man at his best must be in life."His mind and emotions

fighting England for India's inperfect control of himself were almost as completely exposed dependence, Gandhi was absolutely to public view as was his nearloyal to England and had the constant respect and naked body.

trust of British leaders. His motto was, "Harmony in Then came that fateful day, July 30, 1948. At

adversity; love despite differences."5:05 p.m., Gandhi was hurrying to the village prayer

There came a time during World War II when ground. In the front row of the congregated worthe fate of England was in the balance, and she could shipers sat one Nathuran Godse, clutching a pistol

not spare even a single soldier for the defense of in his pocket. As the two men almost touched each

India. Many prominent Indian leaders were in favor other, Godse fired three bullets into the body of the

REMEMBERING LAZARUS

by Dorothy J. Roberts

I ponder how a brief word led In newness, blessing, to his eye-

A man back from the boulder's bed; Over him in tent of sky,

Past gaping stone, to pierce his core Under him in lilied sand,

And loose the linens that he wore. And around, in loving band,

How, deep in the pillared gloom, he heard, The robed and sandaled faithful few

Clearly, the shepherd of the word, Who led to warmer rooms he knew.

The gentlest of voices. How he rose, Then, how opening life's locked door,

With his dark exile at a close, His face caressed the earthen floor;

Watching in wonder, the world emerge In praise, through dust, his fingers crept.

Out of dimness to convergeHow, as a final hymn, he wept.

244 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mahatma. At Godse's trial he said he bore no ill will ness; his absolute fairness; his kindly personal interest

to Gandhi. He said, "Before I fired the shots I actualin others; his unwavering integrity; his love of truth.

ly wished him well and bowed to him in reverence."Put these elements together, and you have David O.

In response to Godse's obeisance, Gandhi touched his McKay.

palms together, smiled, and blessed him. At that What made Napoleon Bonaparte what he was?

moment Godse pulled the trigger, and Gandhi's mortal Napoleon also had some great qualities, but they were life was ended. And so, even in death, this little mixed with unrighteousness, disregard for God, ruthbrown man was engaged in the act of blessing people lessness, selfseeking, and ignorance. The result was that

and doing good. he was exiled by his own countrymen at age fortysix.

A few minutes after Gandhi's death, Prime MinNow, what are the qualities that we need to carry ister Nehru went on the radio and said, "The light on our own particular part of the work of the Lord.

has gone out of our lives, and there is darkness everyThe Lord himself has said: "And faith, hope, charity

where, for our beloved leader, the father of our naand love, with an eye single to the glory of God, tion, is no more."qualify him for the work."He said: "Remember

What a great power of leadership can be built faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, within ourselves, if we merely develop to their highbrotherly kindness, godliness, charity, humility, diliest denomination these great Godgiven qualities. gence."(D & C 4:5-6.)

Apelleslike, we can select and adapt and refine from What a thrilling thought, that we can build these the most inspiring sources. qualities into our own personalities in any combinaIn nature there are more than one hundred known tion we choose. God has placed these potential

elements, including nitrogen, hydrogen, iron, carbon, talents and abilities in the human soul for only one and oxygen. These elements are nature's building purpose: that we may develop them to their highest

blocks. Out of them, in the right combinations and possibility. That is the process by which man may

proportions, nature fashions all of the material things become even as God.

of the world; for example, an ocean is a combination Lord BulwerLytton said: "What men need is not

of two parts hydrogen and one part oxygen. Every only talent, but purpose; not only the power to

material thing carries its own formula. achieve, but the will to labor."That is the key to

Then it has been said that in human personality our own personality development, and each of us there are fiftyone elements, including kindness, faith, must accept complete responsibility therefor. We

spirituality, industry, devotion, courage, ambition, and know what the Lord would have us do. We need

integrity. Put these together in the right combinaonly to put in force those personality qualities to

tions and proportions and you have what someone make the accomplishment possible.

has called "a magnificent human being."A great philosopher once said, "Shun no effort to

What is it that makes David O. McKay, David O. make yourself remarkable in some talent."This is

McKay? It is his great devotion to God; his untiring the beginning of the greatest miracle in the world,

efforts to serve; his ability to do; his warm friendli- "The Miracle of Personality."

AN EASTER SONNET

by Grace Ingles Frost

The stone that sealed the crypt is rolled away, Is risen, crowned with life's immortal ray!

The darkness of the tomb is rifted wide

By angels twain; the linen laid aside Lo, at the portal of all time, he stands

For all to see, and seeing, know for aye, The pattern of Celestial Majesty!

The marvel of the holy Easter day—I do not need to scan his feet and hands

That He whom sordid unbelief decried... For nailprints to bear evidence for me,

And flogged... and spit upon... and crucified Nor heed the call of war's untaught demands

For other proof of his divinity!

APRIL 1958 245 MIA Reading Course: Jesus the Christ—XXII

is Resurrected The Lord

by Doyle L. Green, Managing Editor

The body of Jesus lay in the tomb where his folin "spirit prison,"or "paradise."This work is conlowers and friends had placed it Friday evening. tinuing and will until every person who ever lived

These were sad hours for those who loved the Lord. will have the opportunity of accepting the gospel.

In spite of all of his teachings his disciples still did Early in the morning of the third day there was a not understand the true nature of his mission. Notgreat earthquake as an angel with a countenance

withstanding his glorious predictions that he would "like lightning"and with "raiment white as snow"rise again, they did not comprehend. Their souls rolled back the stone from the door of the sepulchre.

were griefstricken. Their minds were confused. The guards were terrified "and became as dead

But neither were those responsible for the death men."

of the Lord at ease. They remembered that Jesus Dawn comes early in the Holy Land in April. But

had said he would rise again. The Sadducees must even the predawn hours found the women who loved

have been especially concerned, as they taught that Jesus sleepless. Perhaps they had not slept at all

there was no resurrection. Together the chief priests that night. Perhaps the earthquake had awakened

and the Pharisees approached Pilate. them. But now that the Jewish Sabbath was past,

"Sir,"they said, "We remember that that deceiver they were free to show their proper respect to their said, while he was yet alive, After three days I will Lord. This they had not been able to do on the

rise again. Friday because of the necessity of laying his body

"Command therefore that the sepulchre be made away before sundown, when the Jewish Sabbath sure until the third day, lest his disciples come by began.

night and steal him away, and say unto the people, And so they had bought sweet spices with which

He is risen from the dead: so the last error shall be to anoint him and had left their quarters while it was

worse than the first."Having been themselves steeped yet dark, to fill their mission of love.

in treachery, it wasn't hard for them to think others Mary Magdalene, who is generally thought to have might also employ devious practices. been younger than the others, hurried ahead, so

Pilate's soul must have been no less tormented than anxious was she to reach her Master's grave. Imagine

theirs, and he readily agreed. Soldiers were ordered her surprise and dismay when she discovered that

to guard the tomb around the clock. "Make it as the stone had been removed and the sepulchre was

sure as ye can,"he instructed. open.

"So they went, and made the sepulchre sure, sealWhat could she do but run and tell the disciples!

ing the stone, and setting a watch."Meanwhile the other women approached the

Saturday passed, and Saturday night. The first day sepulchre, wondering whom they could get to roll

of the week arrived. The time had come for the Lord the stone away. They were seemingly unaware that

to take up his body again. Meanwhile he had not the stone had been sealed and that soldiers had been

been idle. Peter tells us that during the time Jesus'placed to guard the tomb. Mark says the women

body lay in the tomb "he went and preached to the spirits in prison;..."This is generally conceived to

be the beginning of missionary work among those 'Touch Me Not,"painting by millions of souls who had died before the time of Karl Von Schoenherr the Savior and who were waiting for the resurrection

246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

'Thomas'Doubt,"painting by Giovanni F. B. Guercino

arrived at the rising of the sun, and of course were it down; that he had set a pattern for all of us to

also greatly shocked and perplexed to find the tomb follow. What comfort to know that someday our

open and the body gone. But they did not have long tombs—yours and mine—will likewise be empty, and

to wonder, for "two men stood by them in shining that we will live again in the eternities beyond death.

garments."On the instructions of the angel, the women hurNaturally the women were frightened at seeing the ried to tell the good news to the disciples.

angels, and they bowed down before them. "Why

seek ye the living among the dead?"one angel asked. Meanwhile Mary Magdalene had found Peter and

"He is not here, but is risen: remember how he spake John. "They have taken away the Lord out of the

unto you when he was yet in Galilee, sepulchre,"she sobbed, "and we know not where they "Saying, the Son of man must be delivered into the have laid him."Without further words, the two

hands of sinful men, and be crucified, and the third disciples raced to the burial place. John, the younger

day rise again."of the two, arrived before Peter, stooped down, looked

He is risen! What an inexpressively significant in the tomb and saw the burial clothes, but hesitated

statement. Never were more beautiful or more meanto go inside. When the big fisherman arrived, he

ingful words spoken. What a joy to have the assurrushed into the tomb to make sure it was empty. When

ance that Jesus, who walked the earth as a mortal, they had satisfied themselves that the body of the had in very deed shattered the bands of death and Lord was truly missing, Peter and John returned sorhad taken up his glorified body, never again to lay rowing to their homes. (Continued on page 274)

248 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i I I Thoughts for your Inspirational Talk

1 ".. Where the Heart Is

I I I

mm mm am

Happy the man, whose wish and care I When home is ruled according to God's

A few paternal acres bound, I word, angels might be asked to stay a night

Content to breathe his native air, 1 with us, and they would not find themselves

In his own ground. I out of their element.

—Alexander Pope, I—C. H. Spurgeon

"Ode on Solitude"I I

Round the hearthstone of home, in the land I The house of every one is to him as his of our birth, i castle and fortress, as well for his defence

The holiest spot on the face of the earth. against injury and violence, as for his repose.

I -George Pope Morris, "Land Ho!'I—Sir Edward Coke

B i mm mmmm mm i a I I is perfectly never for furnished en- A house is for security civilization the The best 1 is it unless joyment there in rising a child proper and becoming upon and 1 dwelling, old, a years three kitten six rising and weeks. else, dwellings than anything depends more

dwellof mankind. Such

virtues,—Southey 1I ingsthe improvementare the nursery of all domestic

1 and without a becoming house the exercise

There is no sanctuary of virtue like home. 1 of those virtues is impossible.

—Edward Everett 1—Benjamin Disraeli:

1 Speech, London, 1874 i Home in one form or another, is the great I object of life. I No place is more delightful than one's own

-J. G. Holland, GoldFoil I fireside.—Cicero

of is the smile the Sweet home; mutual look 1 is something you are bound to by I Home hearts sure. are of other each When affection's chain, golden

no evil e And dims its luster; time nor distance—John Keble, The Christian Year i stain, cannot

i When the years are long and lonely, and the i heart too old to roam, A comfortable house is a great source of i Grant, dear God, that in some heaven, each happiness. It ranks immediately after health i man finds his way back home.

and a good conscience. i—Miranda Snow Walton

—Sydney Smith i Era Jan. 1947 page 51

i APRIL 1958 249 Melchizedek Priesthood

Melchizedek Priesthood

Which comes first, the home or the Church? But the family cannot be perfected either in time

Are we putting so much emphasis on priesthood or in eternity without the Church and the priesthood.

and auxiliary organization programs that we fail to Valiant service in the Church is a condition precedent get the full blessings that go with real Latterday to attaining a celestial inheritance; magnifying one's

Saint homes? calling in the priesthood is a requirement of all who

How can the family support the Church and the gain the fulness of the Father's kingdom.

Church support the family? The home, the Church, and the priesthood act as

To get a proper view of what the Melchizedek a unit in enabling man to work out his salvation and

Priesthood program is, where the home and the fill the full measures of his creation. It is the gospel

family are concerned, perhaps we should remind which gives a celestial quality to the Latterday Saint ourselves of the basic principles of salvation and home.

exaltation. Man is a son of God—the crowning creation of the

Let it be remembered that exaltation (which is Father. The Church, the priesthood, the earth, and

eternal life) consists in the continuation of the family all things are for the benefit and blessing of man.

unit in eternity. Those who enter in at the gate of The Church is made for man and not man for the

celestial marriage while in this life, and who thereChurch. No man should be so tied down with Church

after keep the covenants made in connection with or business or social engagements that he cannot give that holy order, are assured of membership in an enough time to his family so that he can direct them eternal family hereafter. in the path leading to peace here and eternal reward

Let it be remembered also that the greatest joy, hereafter.

and peace, and happiness that can be attained in The Church programs, priesthood projects, and this life come in and through the perfection of the auxiliary organization work are aids and helps to be family group. Those homes where the priesthood used for the benefit and blessing of the family.

rules in righteousness, where love abounds, where To illustrate how the home and the priesthood tie the Spirit of the Lord abides, where children are in together let us suppose that the home is a sort of born under the covenant, where faith and righteousquorum—the patriarchal quorum of the home. The

ness prevail—they are the true Latterday Saint homes. father is the quorum president; unlike other presiding

It is only in and through the home that the saints officers in the Church, no one can release or remove can attain the fulness of the blessings of the gospel him from office. He is supreme in his family. In

either in this life or in the life to come. his home he presides over all visitors, no matter what

250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in the home

their church or state position. His wife is his coun-. works than to deny the children her presence and

selor; his children, the quorum members. guidance in the home.

As with all good quorums there should be a reguDuring those periods when young children are lar presidency council meeting and a regular quorum awake, the father should spend his home time with meeting. Husband and wife consult on policy matthem. Certainly learning what they think, how they

ters; their children share in the consideration of family act, and influencing them in proper ways is more improblems; as the youngsters grow older they are portant than the newspaper, radio, television, or priconsulted on policy matters, and the family—though vate hobbies. Private interests can wait until young

patriarchal in nature—follows certain democratic children are in bed.

principles. The power of the priesthood should be used in

ill, Scheduling of Church work should take into conthe home to bless the family. When children are

sideration the need for regular home evenings for the father should administer to them, and the family families. There could well be definite days on which should unite in prayer and faith for their recovery.

no formal Church meetings or activities whatever are Bishops and others who have power to designate who planned, so there will be nothing to interfere with shall perform baptisms, ordinations, and priesthood family associations. ordinances should arrange it so that worthy fathers

As part of the home evening program, as a regular baptize, confirm, ordain, and bless their own children.

part of the family conversation at the dinner table, The father should be the patriarch of his family.

and at other appropriate times, the president of the As part of this way of family life, parents obviously family quorum should direct the conversation to will weave into the program for their children all of gospel subjects so that the children may be taught the priesthood and auxiliary organization programs, correct principles. Latterday Saints are failing in seminary training, and the like, which the Church

many instances to teach their children the doctrines provides. Nothing will be overlooked. The comof the gospel, so that having been taught correct plexities and temptations of modern life are such

principles they will be able to govern themselves in that all the forces of righteousness must unite to keep all situations. the rising generation safe from the lure of the world.

It is important that the mother in Latterday Saint If the priesthood really operated in the home, there homes he home and that the father come home. It would be little juvenile delinquency and few youth

is far better for the family to get along without some problems. The salvation of the youth of the Church

of the luxuries that might flow in because a mother rests primarily with their parents.

APRIL 1958 251 The Presiding

tt'i\-tti??.;Y,ii?,v.x-x&-sjx::WiraWK-:virf:

Bishopric s

Page

"""?/:":":"o:':v::":

PROGRAM FOR COMMEMORATING THE conditions which prohibit or make difficult the staging

RESTORATION OF THE of this event on a stake basis, then bishops should

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD plan the activity on a ward level. Traveling in caravans should be avoided. If long trips are planned,

With the approval of the First Presidency, the Prebusses should be chartered where possible. Insured

siding Bishopric has designated Saturday and Sunday, carriers are preferred over private cars.

May 17 and 18, for Churchwide observance of the one Special programs devoted to commemorating the hundred twentyninth anniversary of the restoration restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood should be of the Aaronic Priesthood. On that occasion the resurplanned for all ward Sacrament meetings Sunday,

rected John the Baptist ordained Joseph Smith and May 18. In those stakes where quarterly stake conOliver Cowdery to the Aaronic Priesthood. Every ferences are held on this date, stake and ward leaders

effort should be made to refresh the memories of should plan to celebrate this event the week preceding members of the Aaronic Priesthood with the imporor following the conference.

tance of this event.

If a pilgrimage to some point of interest is decided Sacrament Meeting Program upon, Saturday, May 17, should be set aside for that Theme Reverence and the Aaronic Priesthood purpose. If no pilgrimage is intended, some outdoor 2.1. InvocationOpening Song—Congregation...."PraiseA SeniorTo TheMemberMan"

activities should be arranged with emphasis on close 3. Sacrament Song

of the Sacrament bysupervision. If overnight camping is included, it 4. Administration

Priesthood Aaronic Members of the should be planned for Friday night. Returning from 5. Aaronic Priesthood or Youth Chorus

overnight camping on Sunday morning does not com- 6. Talk by a Senior Member"An Angel FromFiveonminutesHigh"

ply with proper observance of the Sabbath day and "Brief Review of the Restoration of the Aaronic should not be permitted. 7. TalkPriesthood"by a Deacon Five Minutes

In the past, Saturday activities have been confined "Why I Believe Punctuality is a Vital Part of Filling for the most part to members of the Aaronic Priest- 8. AaronicTalk by Priesthoodan OrdainedAssignments"Teacher Five Minutes

hood under twentyone. However, some stakes and "Why the Sacrament Should Be Prepared in the

wards have successfully combined senior members of 9. TalkSpirit byof aReverence"Priest Five minutes

the Aaronic Priesthood with those under twentyone "The Importance of Reverence on the Part of Those for an outing with favorable results. Should this type 10 Song—ChorusOfficiating at theor QuartetSacrament Table"

of activity be contemplated, the planning should be "Come All Ye Sons of God"11. of Priest's Talk by Age for the stake Aaronic Priesthood committeemade by Five minutes a Young—Woman

Impressions the stake for senior twentyoneunder "My of Young committee and Demonstrate Men-. Who

members of the Aaronic Priesthood. It is also sug12 TalkReverence"by a Father Five minutes

gested that if a combined outing is decided upon, it "How a Father Can Teach his Sons the Value of would be a courtesy to call in ward committees to 13 ReverenceTalk by the inBishopHonoring the Priesthood"Eight minutes have a voice in the planning. "The Responsibility of the Bishopric and Aaronic

It should be understood that if separate celebraYoungPriesthoodMen Leadersof our Ward"in Teaching Reverence to the tions for the two groups are preferred, stake leaders 14 Closing Song are free to make such an arrangement. If there are 15. Benediction "We Thank Thee, O God,.A Seniorfor a Prophet"Member

252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BUILDING FRIENDSHIPS STUDY GUIDE FOR WARD TEACHERS

RESPONSIBILITY OF WARD TEACHERS MAY 1958

Every visit made by ward teachers should be an The Standards of the Church effort to make new friendships or to further consolidate old ones. Where there is friendship, there is We are living in a day when compromise is freunderstanding; and where there is understanding, quently suggested to members who are trying to live

there is confidence. While there is no prescribed according to the standards of the Church. To comproformula for ward teachers to follow in building friendmise means to give up something—to make a concesship, there are some fundamentals which promote sion. To Latterday Saints compromise means

reciprocal friendliness. lowering of standards. Those who suggest compromise

From the contact at the door there should be a accuse those who do not yield to it of being oldcontinuous demonstration of warmth and cordiality on fashioned. These people would have us believe that

the part of ward teachers toward the family. The changing times and conditions justify the modification

greeting should include recognition of each member of standards.

of the family. Where there is illness, ward teachers The standards of the Church are the standards of

should be particularly solicitous. the gospel of Jesus Christ. The teachings of the Savior

Through adequate study ward teachers should make during his ministry and the teachings he has given the discussion appealing. Where there are children through his prophets since his resurrection are the

in the home, a part of the message should be on their bases for present standards. These standards are

level. An interchange of ideas and opinions should permanent and unchanging. How nearly we come to

be encouraged with each member of the family making living up to them depends on how strong our conan expression. Any differences of opinion should be victions are and how well we understand the gospel.

tactfully reasoned out. Argument and contradiction The standards of the Church require love of

should be avoided. Points of doctrine not clearly unGod, faith in the Savior and in his mission, love of

derstood should be explained and clarified. neighbors, acceptance of Joseph Smith and his sucWard teachers should quickly lend a helping hand cessors as prophets of God, respect for the priesthood,

in cases of emergency. They should be prompt in obedience to the commandments of the Lord and the

their efforts to alleviate distress. It is their duty to teachings of his servants, observance of the Sabbath

share sorrows, heartaches, and disappointments, and day, payment of tithing, keeping of the Word of to rejoice with members in their success. They should Wisdom, and loyalty to the Church and its leaders.

keep sacred those matters related to them in confiThe moral standard of the Church requires personal dence. They should be tolerant, never speaking dispurity of all its members. There are no double standparagingly about anyone. They should always take ards of morality. The law of chastity is as binding

the role of peacemakers, giving wise and prudent upon men as it is upon women.

counsel. Ward teachers who follow these suggestions The fact that the world has become selfish and

will not lack for friends among those whom they grasping has not altered the standard of honesty. Full

teach. measure, full count, full weight, and full value,

whether in buying or selling, will always be the standard of honesty in dealing with our fellow men.

There never has been, and never ivill be, any variation from the standard of truth. This durable quality

includes all of the virtues of a noble character. Those

who are conscientiously truthful speak truly, think truly, and live truly.

These basic standards form the code from which

Latterday Saints should pattern their lives. The happiest, the most satisfied, and the most blessed people

in all the world are those who live according to these unchanging standards.

SUBJECT OF STUDY GUIDE

of River is one of Susquehanna the view above The the FOR JUNE 1958 in region the Pennsylvania northern in river south it runs as near Harmony. It was in this area and on the banks of this

ordained river Joseph the Baptist where John Smith and Oliver "Reverence in our Chapels"Priesthood 15, 1829. to the Aaronic May Cowdery

APRIL 1958 253 It is the other one drifting. This is theNorthward Ho the Prairies wellknownnew storm. south blowing. It follows the wind

(Continued) tired and peaceful. My eyes could northers and is colder. I'll tell you, the stock doesn't

never resist the splendor of the shining clouds which like it."

rolled like storms of snow through the deep spaces "The stock?"I queried wryly. "What about us

of the sky. humans?"This malice of the weather was beyond

I was making plans to go north to Calgary to train a joke, this blowing without mercy, without rest.

for teaching in Canadian schools, when the teacher Ben's steady eyes looked straight into mine as he in our district became ill and returned East. I was went on gently, "Tomorrow the chinook will blow.

asked to take her place. As President Wood had It is a warm wind and will melt the snow."

suggested he would, the government inspector for To Ben the animals had souls, and there was apour area visited my school, and after giving me an parently an affinity between him and them. Our

oral examination issued me a permit which would be Johnny also had a way with animals and whenever good until he came again in a few months. The possible he would strike out for Ben's place, his

schoolhouse was a frame building with two rooms. golden hair shining out from under his tightly drawn

I taught the beginners and up to the fourth grade. cap, his elbows flapping as he urged his horse to a

It didn't seem long before the blasts of winter gallop. He learned from Ben that animals will not

swept down over the plains to hammer on the builddie of the cold as easily if fed and watered and urged ings and pile drifts of snow. The children living to move around. At that time the farmers did not

near the schoolhouse wallowed through the snow like go in for much extra feeding of cattle. The rule was.

intrepid little animals. Around the roaring potbellied to sell them on the hoof or butchered in the fall of

stove, ears burned and toes ached with chilblains. the year.

There was always an uneasy scuffing of feet against The warmth of the indoors attracted many of the the edges of the desks. I wondered how the children settlers and the castiron stove in our little village

escaped pneumonia, for at recess out they would go, store always drew a group during cold weather. Ben,

rushing into "The Bear Went over the Mountain,"after leaving them, would remark, "The man who sits "Fox and Geese,"snow fort, and other games, coming by the fire all day, is throwing the best of his life in wet with snow and perspiration. away."

In one threeday blizzard the temperature went I wondered often if the Vikings of old were too indown to thirty degrees below zero. After the chilterested in the affairs of daily life to think of romance,

dren were safely home the first day of the storm, as Ben seemed to be. I had learned that he was

school was closed until it was over. Twice each namesake and descendant of Benedickt Amussen, who

day, Father went to the barn to feed the stock and sailed the seas with Leif Ericson.

bring fuel to the house. Even Father with his inTo me the spring seemed slow to come. The

domitable will was awed by the fury of the blizzard. ground stayed frozen well into March; the air reWind and snow seemed to be in battle as they roared mained raw and the skies dark. But to those who

and whistled around the eaves of the house. The knew the climate it was not unusual. With the song

morning of the fourth day, the world was a silent of the meadow lark and the swift whistle of the killwhite sea stretching out to the horizon, but by afterdeer came the prairie crocus, mauve and violet. The

noon there was a thick driving snow which again chokecherry bushes etching the shoulder of the coulee veiled the features of the landscape. held out tightfurled, torchlike buds. The winter

Ben came over during the interval between storms wheat was spotty and thin where the wind had blown and, seeing our consternation, laughed, "This is no the snow off the ground. A hard freeze after a

TENYEAB-OLD IN APRIL

by Maude Rubin

He walks among the greening trees

And sees Every bright robinbreast, each floating butterflyLaughs at the skittering game

Of furplumed squirrels.... Time sends

Him on his sunbright way and lends

Wonder to ponder when evening stars his sky.

254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wuess what the boy with that "hollow feeling"

finds good, and good for him!

Nabisco SUGAR Honey Grahams THE Available in oneand twopound packages

because they're made with rich graham flour and pure honey! What a wholesome way to "fill up"

hungry pantryraiders! Nabisco Sugar Honey Gkahams.

in 3 (less them crumbs). into bitesize halves Wraps GRAHAMS snapThe perfect between -meal snack. Nabisco scores them to today. crispness. lasting Get some for InEr-Seal wax packets

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

APRIL 1958 25"Northward Ho the Prairies into the warm liquid to suck at our I was certain that he heard the fingers. beating of my heart, but I tried

warm spell sometimes spelled dis- "They think we're their mothers,"not to show my eagerness. "Ben, is

aster if the roots had not gone deeply Harlan laughed. I looked at Ben, this a proposal?"

enough into the ground. When broadshouldered, sturdy, and hapIn his low, vibrant voice he anasked when they were going to start py that the cattle could be saved. swered, "If you doubt it, maybe this

ploughing and working the land, the It didn't matter that the owners will convince you."He held me

farmers would usually answer, came to get them; he was just glad close and kissed me. I threw my

"When there's life in the ground."that they had been saved. arms around his neck, tightening

With legs swinging and shoulders "This is like it is in Iceland,"he them, holding him. His strong

squared, father went after the spring explained, "only it is goats there. hands reached for my right one, and

work. He had been impatient to No weather is too cold or stormy to with swinging hands we rode

begin for weeks. The weather keep them from hunting the lost slowly home. A violent mist apwarmed up surprisingly with no ones."peared over the hills and I felt the

early rains. April, then May passed After feeding the last of the stray closeness of this land to my soul.

with no sign of moisture from the calves, Ben patted Harlan's head. As we reached the corral fence,

skies. Fearful thoughts passed "And a fine little mother you are, two neighbors were in an argument

through people's minds. Everybody my boy,"he laughed as he turned with Father. They mounted their

dreaded a drouth. Ben as usual was to look at me. "It's early for chores,"horses and rode away, and without

philosophical, "Even when the grain he said. "Would you like to take a glance in our direction, Father

stands brave and green, people will a ride with me along the river?"went into the house.

always be afraid, afraid of drouth, Tightening the cinch on my sad- "You must stay for dinner, Ben,"grasshoppers, hail, and other ills. If dle, he mounted his horse and we I said. "We're having roast wild

you're going to be afraid, you might started down the trail. It wasn't duck with Mother's savory dressing.

as well be afraid to plant in the a pretty sight, the river road. The We'll announce our engagement."

spring."grass had turned to amber and the On the reservoir of the stove the

Mother, like Ben, was usually rewater seemed to have gone underbread lay white and rising and I assuring, but when June went by ground, except for small pools here molded some into rolls. Father's

with no rain, I noticed an anxious and there. Ben was quiet, as he face remained unreadable, though

look on her face. Gradually the usually was when alone with me. tranquil. He did not notice our

small lakes dried up, showing only Back home in Utah, it had never happy countenances, but once the a coating of alkali. July 1, Dominbeen difficult to attract young men. news was out, there were pleased

ion Day, was celebrated bravely in But this "Viking"was different. exclamations from all.

our town and folk came from surQuite shamelessly I had tried to "You may get married as soon as rounding areas, even from Cardston, show my interest, but he had never you wish and then come and live to enjoy it. Our rodeos had atseemed to notice. I was beginning with us,"said Mother.

tracted attention, and with the chilto wish that I had not been so for- "Imagine two strongminded men dren's races, the ball game for the ward, when he began to talk. like Pa and Ben running a place tomen, and a dance in the meeting- "I'm as broke as the next one, gether,"I said.

house to top it all off, the day was Diane, but I have decided to go After the family had retired for a great success. north to High River and take up the night, I said to Ben, "Why didn't

For some time we forgot to scan land, a homestead, where the drouth you give me a hint of your love for the sky for signs of rain. The blue isn't so bad. I'm shipping what mer

sky, once a pleasant sight, became stock I have left. In a year I'll have Drawing me close, he replied,

something to be despised, and the a pretty good start again. Will you "Whenever I looked at you, I

sun became an evil eye, staring wait for me?"thought of the angels on the Sunday

without compassion. Kneeling on School cards we used to receive

the braided rug beside my bed, with back in Iceland when I was a little clasped hands I prayed that rain boy. Much as I wanted to, I

clouds might sweep down from the couldn't picture you as my sweetItRockies. pitiful became to see THE SPIRIT'S PATH heart!"the cattle seek out the buckbrush During this time and after going

for its juicy leaves. Then came high

winds, terrific force, with tearing the by Helen Maring toparents'bed, Iroom.heard Butsoft notvoicesuntilin nextmy

sandy loam from the dry grass roots, morning did I learn that three or raging into coulees, rattling small When day grows long, the spirit's four families were leaving Canada, pebbles against the windows, under path loading their stock and furniture in doors, and through cracks. For days Leads up, beyond the realms of a boxcar. All of them wanted Jim

the sun was a pale moon. pain—Bradley to go along.

Ben rode the ridge, tailing up And all life's lovely aftermath The following Sunday, I watched fallen cows that had been deserted Brings back the ones we've loved little clouds of dust arise on the and given up by their owners. He again. river road as buggies drove up to

brought in calves which had been What glad reunions there must be! our door. The afternoon was spent

left motherless, and Johnny, Harlan, The new adventuring, what bliss! in talking, eating, hugging, and

and I, each with one hand in the We reach toward immortality shaking hands, and some tears were milk bucket, pressed their mouths In work, and humble days like this. shed. Those who were leaving

256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PROBLEM—Z*

how can low grade u\lf coppcr ore corrtfaue 1t> help educate Utah children?

—13.5%Last yearof allKennecottstudents paidattendingfor educatingelementary,27,000juniorUtahhighchildrenand

senior high schools throughout the state. The money for their

education came from Kennecott's state and local taxes, which totaled about $13,780,000 for 1957. Of that amount, $6,800,000

was for school operation and an additional $1,900,000 was for school building.

Kennecott pays its taxes, just as it pays other operating costs, from money earned by producing copper and selling it profitably.

When production is based on ore averaging only 82 hundredths of one percent copper, success depends to a large extent on keeping costs down.

However, during the war years and the period of high copper demand that followed, the emphasis was on maximum production, because Kennecott wanted to keep its customers supplied with the metal they needed. Cost of production was a secondary factor.

Now the situation has changed and it is essential that Kennecott get its cost in line to compete in today's copper market. And that

poses a problem.

Costs have been rising sharply. In just the past five years

employment costs have risen 46%, supplies and equipment have gone up substantially and state and local taxes have climbed 85%>.

So Kennecott is seeking economies in a wide variety of ways:

through work simplification, expanded use of employee suggestions, improved methods, better use of supplies and equipment, and the most efficient use of the work force.

Switching the emphasis from production to economy will be of tremendous importance to Kennecott and to Utah. It will help

Kennecott continue to operate successfully. And successful operations mean continued benefits, including tax payments that do

such a big job of helping to educate Utah children.

er Utah t Kennecott Copper Corporation Dim A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

APRIL 1958 257 talked of another range, a rich valMother hadn't said a word. I was "There's only one alternativeley in Idaho not touched by drouth. crocheting medallions for a table leave for Idaho with our neighbors,"

"Why not string along with us, cover to place in the cedar chest Mother said.

Jim?"Ben had given me before leaving for Father looked at her for a moment.

"Yes, come join us, Jim. We want High River. I had just read the "I'll go now and tell our friends

you and we need your horses to letter he had sent from Macleod, we'll join them."

help us get started. We won't have well past Lethbridge, written in a "Oh, don't hurry, Jim. It's chore

credit to go on."steady hand as firm as his cheeks. time and morning will be soon

Father was glancing around at Glancing at Mother, I noted a deenough."

the new corrals he had built, the termined expression. "Pa, I thought you said that we

sheds and reinforced barn, and then "Jim Bradley, I've always gone would be blessed if we answered at the windbreak of tree shoots that along with your decisions as long the call and came to Canada,"were bravely trying to live. Next as you were practical. But now I Johnny asked.

to him stood Johnny, his troubled draw the line. To begin with, how I couldn't bear to stay longer and

eyes near tears. Mother patted his are you going to hunt strays in the hear the answer Father would try to

shoulder reassuringly. I knew that ridge if you are trading some of your give his son. The horse was tethwhatever her husband's decision, it horses to those who are leaving? ered to the gatepost, so I slipped

would be right in her eyes. With And another thing, Johnny is still into the saddle and started down

squared shoulders and lips tightly a child, just reached eleven and not the trail. The sky was overcast and

drawn, he spoke candidly, "If any ready to take charge of the ranch the wind had freshened, clouded of you men need my horses in Idaho, in winter or any time. Besides he with mist blowing in from the

I'll trade them for the remnant of will be in school."Rockies to the west. There was a

your brands lost in the ridge. This In a disheartened voice, Father certain fragrance, one I had almost

country's got enough wrong with it, answered, "Minerva, I don't know, forgotten. Suddenly, I knew. First

but right now all it needs is rain. I just don't know what to do. We're the drumming on the old hat I was

It's rained before and I reckon it'll deep in debt, with not a cent to live wearing, then there were puffs of rain again. I'm figurin'to stay."on. If I did consent to get along dust everywhere. The horses began

"Whatever comes, it's as bad right on Diane's wages as a teacher, it running down the trail. The franow as a man can stand,"Don Benwouldn't be enough for our needs. grance was unmistakable now, and

son declared. Will you please tell me what else the drenching, longawaited drops

"I don't want to leave either,"to do?"filled the prairie air.

Mother smiled, as Johnny took turns I had glimpsed a rider on the hugging her and Father. road across the river. He had beAll realized that they might never come hidden in the swirling rain,

meet again. Faces showed the but soon I saw that it was Ben. We

strain of weeks of worry over the BIRCHES AT NIGHT met with a splash of hoofs, and the lack of moisture. Separations here horses, their sides dripping, came

were always sorrowful, for neighby Ethel Jacobson close together. As he held me, the

bors living five, ten, or even twenty sky and I poured long held back miles away were often closer to Birches at night torrents on his enduring shoulder.

each other than nextdoor neighbors Together we rode, holding hands are in a town or city. The place Beside the stream from saddle to saddle as we had

seemed unbearably quiet after the done weeks before.

last outfit was swallowed by the Stand pale as wraiths, "I don't know how to tell you, my prairie. dearest, but something, some imAfter a trip into Cardston next Deep in dream, pression just wouldn't let me go on

day, Father announced, "I talked after I had written the letter to you.

to Will Thompson from Spring Slim as maidens, The train crew thought I had taken

Coulee. He's offering me a job leave of my senses when I told them

helping around the ranch and doing Veiled of face to disconnect my boxcar from the some riding."ones going north. It took a lot of

"Oh, Pa!"My eyes opened wide. By leafy scarves courage, but I knew that I wasn't to

Although I didn't add, "At your go to High River. So here I am.

age!"he read my thoughts. Of shadow lace, I'll hunt for strays and perhaps your

"Yes, I'm fortyfive but I'm in fine mother can use a man around the condition and can ride as well as Which moonlight stitches place while your father is working any young sprout. Remember, they in Spring Coulee."

are laying men off at Mclntyre's Silverbright As we entered the house, I spoke and the Knight Company. I'm lucky to Johnny, "Father was right. We

to have work."For tall young birches are blessed by obeying, by settling

"We can get along with my wages in Canada."

at school."In the night, With tears in his eyes, Father

"Yes, but with the two of us worksaid, "Pa always told me that when ing we'll have a Christmas to scrape Tall birchmaidens troubles come thick, they soon get the stars. Besides, Johnny is growtheir worst, then they start to mend.

ing fast and needs responsibility."In the night. I reckon he was right."

258 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CONOCOThe Hottest Brand Going Announces...

Second Prize:

1958 Station Wagon of Your Choice! IT'S EASY TO WIN!

the Ford, Choose ChevJust complete this simple jingle: rolet Station or Plymouth

Wagon, the make, color Drive in today and you will soon know and equipment you want Why the Hottest Brand Going is Conoco; toAllwinyoua haveCadillacto fulldo (up to $4000). Try our gas, oil, service—and you'll agree, of cash is write a winning last line to this

Third Prize: Fourth Prize: / jingle.last lineLastmustwordrhymeof

10 RCAWhirlpool 100 Philco For example: It's Conoco care for my car—and me! with agree.

WasherDryer "Slender Combinations! Seventeener"

fo affix folder, After tear entry, completing send: Where stamp, of and out 3t Portable Sets! TV toBest a yet answer washwoman's 111. to: mail Contest, Hottest 77, Chicago Going 7508, Conoco Brand Box

prayers! Fully in automatic.day '58new Set really trim a form TV begins 15, Rules: April 1958. Entries Other 1, 1958, Contest ends and must Maydials and your 'n'designed wash carried. is done to be Wherever

rules 15, to before complete subject midnight, Contest 1958. be postmarked Maydried! the go, take show! you

all forth Dealers. available as set entry blank at on Conoco

rLU55 $100 Cash Bonuses to every prize winner who gets HINTS TO HELP YOU WIN:

an oil change with either New Conoco allseason Super Motor Conoco Royal Gasoline with TCP plus... combines TCPf with oilplating action

Oil or Conoco Super Motor Oil before sending in his entry blank,... boosts power as it cuts wear as it increases mileage.

and has entry blank so certified by his Conoco Dealer in space New Conoco allseason Super Motor Oil... exclusive OilPlating plates a

provided. film of protection to upper engine parts that can't drain down... even overnight.

*Choose any 1958 Cadillac model (Series 62) you prefer: convertible, hardGives you faster starts, automatic warmup, up to 80% less wear.

top, sedan value $6200)....We'llor similarfill it withchoice$10,000of comparablyin cash! priced car {maximum retail Conocothe most RoyalcompleteService:and courteousEvery ConocoserviceDealeron the hashighway.pledged himself to give you

How to enter: Obtain official entry blank from any Conoco Dealer. FACTS ABOUT CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY:

Complete last line of jingle printed on entry card. Last line must rhyme It's America's second oldest major oil company.

with agree. Print your name and address in space provided. Enter as The Conoco Red Triangle is seen by 48 million people every day.

often as you wish, but use only official entry blanks. Conoco serves the people of 27 states, through 8,766 service stations.

Get Going in the tlYademark owned and patent applied for by Shell Oil Company. 1958. Continental Oil Company.

Hottest Contest Going -SEE YOUR CONOCO DEALER TODAY!

APRIL 1958 259 OODFOLD Folding Doors So you ivant to raise a boy? thoseturn outplacedbetterin oninstitutions.the averageTherethan

(Continued) and Jake will not. fore children should not be taken

Both boys have the same problems, permanently from their homes exbut they have different attitudes. cept in the most extreme or imposWhen the first boy was criticized for sible situations.

being lazy, he did not like it any Third, the major defect in the more than Jake, but now he's trytraining of youth today is their failing. On the other hand, Jake says, ure to learn respect for society's

"If those jerks don't like me the way "barriers."Youngsters get the idea

I am, it's their tough luck."Jake that no one is big enough to handle

is beginning to take pride in being them—neither their families, the

a misfit. schools, the city, the state, nor even

With Joe it is only a question of the government. This is the result

time until people will have forgotten of setting up standards and failing that he ever had any problems. With to enforce them, gently where posIT COSTS SO LITTLE... Jakeuntil ithe ishasonlya criminala questionrecord.of timeAt situationsible, firmlyis furtherwhere complicatednecessary. Theby

folding real convenience, use wood For families are critifact that the least, that prospect is the immediate when of natural the beauty with doors warm letting for their get children cized unless something revoluradical and clean. so to keep easy—woods

Woodfold doors are available in 7 tionary happens to change him. out of control, most communities

natural wood finishes to match your Jake is developing the trademarks do an even poorer job when they furniture, or paneling woodwork, over. the take youngsters a in of a delinquent: Many

smoothly, Glide opening. to fit sizes any

into 1. has delinquent developed minor His problems are becoming a YOURSELF. INSTALL quietly. EASY TO

See them at... habit. a fullfledged, defiant criminal be-

2. His problems are created decause he found that the juvenile

YOUR LOCAL liberately.3. His misbehavior is not occacourtscies wereandjustothertoo communitybusy with agencases

of to keep track him. sional Sometimes chronic. but LUMBER DEALER have been 4. His picked up misbehavior who tends to make youngsters

Distributed by him almost universally disliked. and released many times will offer

MORRISON MERRILL 5. His misbehavior is making him to make a bet with arresting officers

almost universally distrusted. that nothing will happen to them

6. His conduct is moving in the on their latest offense. This trend

For An Honest Loaf direetion of serious criminal acts. must come to a halt, and a little later

we will discuss suggested ways of

What Can Be Done about doing it.

Juvenile Delinquency? Fourth, lack of discipline in the

life of a child creates a sense of inFortunately, we are learning more security. When parents set up reaand more about ways and means of sonable standards and enforce them,

AND A LIFETIME helping boys like Jake. But, better the child gets the feeling he is livin are learning world."an "orderly and more ing more we On the

of hand, OF HEALTH.. still,about other keeping he is promised and means ways when

boys from becoming like Jake. In the certain penalties for certain offenses

LEE HOUSEHOLD following articles of this series we and these promises are not fulfilled,

GRINDING shallSTONE of child discuss the gets feeling the that his a recommany ALL is detail, to is falling in procedures unstable it world mended but andFLOUR MILL

ELECTRIC this at pieces. to point well might even be

Automatic list some of the basic lessons we are Fifth, we are learning that crimiEconomical learning. nal conduct has its roots in the unPortable First, parents need to know more desirable experiences and ideas

When you grind your about the normal development of which a child often stumbles upon flour, hours a fewown before baking, you get children so they can distinguish bewhile very young. Therefore, close

loaf!an honest You tween difficult behavior which can supervision by a conscientious mothcan taste the difference. be expected at certain ages and the er during these early years is of priSave

offer! onSendintroductorycoupon behavior which carries a clear signal mary importance in the proper

with check or money of "criminal delinquency ahead."rearing of a child. Obviously, some

order for choice 5 lb. Second, a great deal more stress mothers have to leave home andpkg. stone the ground

day shipped. must be placed on the building and work because they have no alternaLEE ENGINEERING CO. preserving of our homes. Every tive, but it is still desirable for them

Milwaukee 1, Wis. community facility and service to be aware of the tremendous hazLee Engineering Company, Dept. IE-4-58 should concentrate on stablizing the ard involved in the "farming out"

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wis. home rather than replacing it. Studof children. If at all possible chillb. Deaf Smith pkg. Pp. Flour 5 only $1.50 ies show that even when children dren should have their mothers

Wis. Flour lb. Minn. pkg. 5 Pp. only $1.00

Name are raised in deficient homes they with them during these early years.

Street

City State..

260 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In our next article we will begin our study of the normal child between the ages of one to three. Experts have called this challenging

period, "The Age of No Reason."

Your Question

(Continued) new and strange doctrine. The repentant Jews took

it as an essential ordinance well known among them and so it was.

According to many Jewish writers baptism was an ordinance in ancient

Israel. Here are a few quotations

referring to this fact:

"Christian baptism is of uncertain origin.... Possibly the baptism of

Jewish proselytes furnished the model followed by Christian missionaries."5 BOB AND SUE, like thousands of their elders, have learned the truth

"John stood forth in the spirit of about the "lying allure of liquor."

the prophets of old to preach his baptism of repentance symbolized HAVE YOU seen through the glamorous haze thrown up by the by cleansing with water."(See Jer. alcohol advertisers? HAVE YOU learned enough of the truth about

4:14. Ezek. 36:25. Zech. 13:1.) liquor to want to have no part of it?

"According to rabbinical teachings, which dominated even during "IF YOU DON'T DRINK,"says the Preferred Risk Mutual Insurthe existence of the Temple (Pes. ance Co., "WHY HELP PAY FOR THE ACCIDENTS OF THOSE

viii. 8), Baptism, next to circumcision WHO DO?"Preferred Risk, America's first automobile insurance

and sacrifice, was an absolutely company for nondrinkers only, now makes it possible for you to stop conditionnecessary to be fulfilled paying for the drinker's accidents—and to save money at the same "Yeb. a proselyte to Judaism."by

46b, 47b; Ker. 9a; 'Ab, Zarah 57a. time.

If you are a nondrinker,* we invite you to investigate, and insure of conception only Baptism "The insurautomobile Risk. put your Preferred with money—and

is disat with variance Jewish ideas say, of the thousands others who heart where your ance Saveis—with of in declaration the John,played

full details, including an explanathat the one who would come after "No Thanks—we don't drink."For

him would not baptize with water tion of Preferred Risk's merit reduction plan for claimfree drivers, but the Holy Ghost."(See Mark 1:8; return this coupon now.

1:33.)John In an article published in the IMPORTANT—Nondrinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional social drinker is not eligible.

Tunes and Seasons, September 1, 1842, the Prophet Joseph Smith ACT NOWUSE THIS COUPON wrote the following on baptism:

"In the former ages of the world, stand,Please theresend ismenocompleteobligationinformation about vour auto insurance (or total abstainers. ICH1254under-

before the Saviour came in the Name My auto insurance flesh, 'the saints'were baptized in expires:

the name of Jesus Christ to come, Address. Month

because there never was any other City -StateDay- name whereby men could be saved; Occupation. Year.

and after he came in the flesh and Age Age of principal driver of auto Age of youngest driverwas crucified, then the saints were Make of Car.Year. No Cylindersbaptized in the name of Jesus Christ, Body type & Model (Scries).

crucified, risen the from dead of CarPleasure workjniles one way. and from and Use fJ Q Business n To that into they heaven,ascended.children withPrincipal DriverMarried of Marital Status

might be buried in baptism like him, Single, living at home Single and be raised in glory like him, that fOffofc'Send me free copy of Christian Herald article.

as one faith, there one Lord, was but baptism, andone one God and ACCIDENTS PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL

Father of us all, even so there was INSURANCE COMPANY but one door to the mansions of bliss. 150 South 4th East, Dept. 458

Amen."8 Salt Lake City, Utah Phone EM 4-1931

America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co. William Piymaf, President

APRIL 1958 261 The "39 9"is the most versatile 16mm no parallel, yet its basic price is only sound projector available today. As the $499.95. It is the finest value of all sound

chart below shows, it offers more advanced projectors. Ask your A-V dealer to demonfeatures, more exclusive features, than any strate, or write Bell & Howell Company,

other projector. In overall quality it has 7112 McCormick Road, Chicago, Illinois.

SINGLE BRILLIANT FRAME FACTORY AUTOMATIC FIVE ELECTRICAL DRIVE STILL REWIND SEALED SAPPHIRE REVERSE AND TOP REELSMOUNTED METERHOUR LOOPAUTOMATICSETTER COUNTER RELEASE LUBRICATION PICTURES PROJECTOR ZOOMLENS MOVEMENT 399 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes SPECIALIST

BRAND A No No Yes No No No No No No No

BRAND B No No No No Yes No No No No No

BRAND C No No Yes No Yes No No Yes No No

BRAND No No Yes No Yes No No No No No D

262 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA L...

1. Exclusive new "zoom"lens* (f/1.6) 5. Still picture clutch lets you stop film 11. Hour meter* records running time;

adjusts picture size to fit screen without on single frame for indefinite period. aids scheduling.

moving the projector. One lens serves for 6. "Cold Glass"heat filter* gives 7 12. Threading is so simple that even a

different size rooms. times brighter still picture image. child can do it.

2. Sapphire parts at five film handling 7. Single frame drive* lets you advance 13. Top mounted reels let you set up on

points deliver 400% longer life... years or reverse, frame by frame, for slow moany table or desk without dangerous

of troublefree service. tion study and discussion. overhang.

3. Reverse operation for more effective 8. Frame counter* lets you measure 14. Powerful 15 watt amplifier for full

instruction. Operator can stop, review, elapsed time for any sequence. volume in large auditoriums. Will power

then reverse and view again. 9. Factory sealed lubrication eliminates 2 large speakers.

4. Rewind release automatically sets need for oiling. 15. Convenient selfcontained speaker

projector for "forward"after rewinding. 10. Automatic loop setter* eliminates can play within case or from any point

Extraordinarily fast, 399 rewinds full "fluttering;"reforms loops without interin the room.

hour's show in 2 minutes. rupting show. Optional features

FINER PRODUCTS THROUGH IMAGINATION

Bell & Howell APRIL 1958 > 263

Adam S. Bennion

(Continued) of relaxation during the busy times, he would often step out into the hall, saying, "These are great days."

Introducing the new In 1928 Elder Bennion began a

Bell & Howell long service with the Utah Power

Elder Bennion had given much to FILMOSOUND SPECIALIST serviceand Light Company. civic affairs. a He was

past chairman of the Salt Lake

County Chapter, American Red Cross, and the Salt Lake Community

Chest; a past vicepresident of the

Utah State Symphony organization;

and a former member of the UniDeseret this Book has outstanding new sound 16mm projector that versity of of regents, Utah board as tr.zr*! offers "exclusive"operating features than any other sound as well in active being civic other i '; projector, built for heavy use, unlimited applications, easy operation, ant! groups. /ters sharpest pictures clearest and sound.

His pen, like his voice and his fflira life, had long been active in furthering the work of the Church and the community.

He married Minerva Young in the

Salt Lake Temple September 14, 4? v3?'Sou,h Temple -"Salt Lake City. Utah, r 1911. They are the parents of five

!?7?fWrf>Ww3*??S*TrWv,?ITV children: Mrs. Ralph (Phyllis)

Stohl; Adam Y. Bennion; Richard

Y. Bennion; Mrs. Wallace (Marian)

Rogers; and Edmund Y. Bennion.

Also surviving are twentyone grandchildren and two sisters.

Elder Harold B. Lee, one of the

speakers at the funeral, said, in part: Les Go With "He was constantly teaching us

Les Goates byhowhisto sermonsgive the andbesthisto teachingslife and

A Man With Interesting Thoughts howpiness,'to gethe thedefined,best out'wasof life.something'Hapwithin each of us and was not to be

For 40 years Les Goates found in anything external.'Brother Adam gave us a recipe. for..

has newspapered his way happiness which consisted of five around the Mountain ingredients that I shall only speak

... West writing sports, of in headlines.

"His first in his recipe of happipoetry, whimsy and ness was a sense of achievement. He

thought provoking declared, 'The door of opportunity are is wide open prepared.'if you articles. He captures the in defeats life—spiritualhad his He

character of the west's ly, scholastically, politically, and people and writes about otherwise, but he came to know that when God closes one door he them. It's interesting. opens two others.

You'll find Les daily on "His second in this recipe was to the editorial page of your learn to enjoy the heritage that has been left to us. 'Be interested in

Deseret News and cultural things,'he said, 'be familiar

Telegram. with the best thought in the world,'

in books all the world, the standard works, Church about he said, whichWmmmmt Miewb always stressing the four greatest

Salt ake JeJbegram 'after reading, you will never thereTHE MOUNTAIN WEST/ S /faifrH E W!S P APE

264 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Postum is the natural whole grain drink

When you're looking for a hearty, healthful drink... try

Postum. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, slow- /PjostuW

roasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor.

Postum is 100% coffeefree... contains no caffein or

other artificial stimulants. And don't forget, Postum tastes Another fine product

so good... and it's so good for you! from General Foods.

100% coffeefree

APRIL 1958 265 after be the same.'... little kindness we do when we ex-

"The third of his recipe for happect nothing in return.'...

piness was the building of a home. "And finally he said, If all other

'Real happiness,'he declared, 'centhings are gone that make for hapters around the hearthstone.'He piness, there is one thing that no

was saying that to all of us as well one can take from you—your spiras you, his family treasures—Phyllis, itual reaching out towards God.'...

Bud, Dick, Marian, and Ned. 'Re- "Perhaps the crowning experience

member that where family life ends, of his life was his visit in 1956 to child delinquency begins.'... the Holy Land.... The guide...

"The fourth of his list was: 'Strive led him to the tomb belonging to

to make others happy. The person Joseph of Arimathaea in the days

who is thinking and doing for others when Jesus lived and in which is happy. Happiness lies in that Jesus, our Savior, was entombed

SAFEWAY A FRIEND OF THE FAMILY -FRIEND OF THE FARMER Farmers and homemakcrs fre99quently raise the question about the "coming to ourselves spread between the price paid to farmers and the price paid by the Richard L. Evans customer for meat—beef, for instance. Our thoughts turn today to what, for want of better

to process called the of "coming could words, be think increased spread any Many is to It parents ourselves."a heartbreak always THE profitsindicates for increased the SPOKEN right depart children respected from and when

is store. retail true. not This The WORD

( it is a always indeed hazard ways, to youth—and

big difference in incomes the to anyone)—when they rebel against law, against authority, against

creased operating costs in processing and selling. respectful consideration of counsels and precautions that could save much heartbreak and many mistakes. We cannot avoid acute

Typical examples of increased sorrow in seeing someone live so as to throw away his best chances costs in retail stores today compared for happiness and for high accomplishment in the living of his with 1950 tell the story: life. ( The prodigal son is, of course, the case most cited of someone

who first had "to come to himself"before he could properly appraise

Item Increase the things that forever mean the most.) But if only they could

living learning to themselves sooner—for the wrong way by come

difficultWages (based on salary of is better only could understand and dangerous. If youth

head meatcutter)...67.5% the position of parents! If parents could only help them better

Cost of refrigerated meat understand! Surely it shouldn't be too difficult for youth to see

display case 15.4% that there is some value and advantage in the seasoning that parents

have had, in judgment, in maturity; and that there are surely some

Cost of advertising beef (based things that parents can save them. And yet somewhat in every

on rate increase in repreage we have before us the picture of parents praying and pleading, sentative newspapers) 61.9% and earnestly seeking to save the next generation from making

needless mistakes—earnestly trying to teach that happiness, and

Cost of packaging materials.... 10.0% soundness, and safety and peace are found with respectful love of

living ones, within the respectful pleadof loved only and law. The Safeway has always paid top maris of parents great ing only not for narrow of a reasons—but because

ket prices to farmers for quality love and a great responsibility; only because they want their chilmeat and sold to its customers at dren to succeed, now and everlastingly in life; only because they

lowest prices. want them to have happiness. This is the only reason the Lord

God himself has given commandments, and the only reason parents

SAFEWAY Is a Friend of the pray and plead against youth's walking in careless or shortsighted

Family... And a Friend ways. And we would plead this day to those who have turned

of the Farmer. away from solid counsel, from sound teaching, from waiting homes

and yearning hearts, to "come to themselves,"to turn back and not to step farther down any wrong road. Thank God for the power

of repentance that somehow, sometime, touches and turns those who foolishly or carelessly have followed for a time wrong or wasteful ways. SAFEWAY

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, February 2, 1958. Copyright 1958.

266 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA after the crucifixion. As the guide

stood there he said, turning to the group of sightseers, among whom was Brother Bennion, "There are many tombs of great men to be found all over the earth, but this one is different from any of the others—

this one is empty!'And Brother Bennion said, as he expressed how

profoundly touched he was that, 'It was worth all my effort in visiting the Holy Land to hear that one statement and a declaration of that profound truth, this tomb is different from all others in the earth! this

tomb is empty.'"

President David O. McKay was

the other speaker, saying:

"... It has been truly said, that

'the masses of men worry themselves into nameless graves, while here and there a great, unselfish soul forgets himself into eternity.'Our departed

brother was one of those great, unselfish souls who forget themselves for others and win immortality. He

was rich in inheritance,... superior

in achievement, loyal in friendship, indefatigable in service, true and devoted as husband and father, faithful to every duty and appointment of the Lord Jesus Christ. How

thrilled he was, as he filled those appointments, was evidenced every week when he came back and gave his report to the Presidency and the

Twelve, radiating a satisfaction in service that seemed to have no specially for your bounds.... "The desire to bless others came H

to Brother Bennion by inheritance, and he manifested that desire continually throughout a long and useful life....

"That is the testimony—our brother is alive. He is mingling with

other spirits who died before him.

That is a glorious fact and a great comfort to sorrowing hearts today, and hearts are sorrowing because

Adam's going came so suddenly....

"Sister Bennion, your choice and blessed sons and daughters, grandsons and granddaughters, in the words of a poet, 'Your beloved husband and father is not dead. He is

just away.'... May we follow his

example; improve our lives as he has cc\oM***'

his improved us worthy, and make 'present'as he is, to answer when spec/ol souvenir menus

I death comes, humbly pray in the if fecial attention Christ. of Jesus Amen."name

COFFEE SHOP Hotel Utah Max Carpenter, Manager

APRIL 1958 267 The great labor of love Mendenhall. They parked and bear witness to you, my brethren,

walked a few paces from the car. that I saw the Prophet of this

"When President McKay looked Church in the spirit of vision, and (Continued) great institution of around the area and saw this beautiwhen he walked away from that hill, learning, another urge had welled ful hill, he said, 'This is the place he knew the house of the Lord was in their souls—not only in New Zeawhere the temple should be,'and to be erected upon that particular

land but also throughout the surthis statement confirmed the thing spot.

rounding islands of Suva, Niue, which was in my heart. Then a The property chosen, however,

Tonga, Tahiti, Rarotonga, Aitukaki, week later President McKay came did not belong to the Church, aland Samoa, and on the wide contiback to this beautiful spot, and I though it lay between the college nent of Australia. Before them

loomed the vision of a temple, a house of the Lord, where they could be welded into the chains of eternity, where they could perform that Marriage -A Momentous transcendent service for their progenitors. This, Elder Cowley had Investmenthoped and prayed for, perhaps more

than anyone else. For a century

Saints throughout these lands had Richard L. Evans

waited. life's Marriage is surely among most momentous investif not Finally, in the year 1955, Presiinvestments, the most momentousdent David announced O. McKay investment of ourselves all that ment—the and THE wethe news. joyous to the A temple SPOKEN all the future, future are, and of and the of our

Lord in New Zealand! GroundWORD families. And since marriage is so momentous a

breaking ceremonies followed that matter, we would plead this day for a greater attention to it—for

December, and a year later the cormore earnest consideration before the making of a marriage, and nerstone was laid, with Elder Hugh for more understanding of those we love and live with after a

B. Brown, Assistant to the Council marriage is made. No one perhaps can say with absolute certainty

of the Twelve, officiating. what will make an enduring marriage, always and unerringly; but

Before all this, however, unknown there are some indispensable elements that shouldn't be left out of to the Church at large, a man had the making of any marriage, and some foremost among them are come to that land on a special mistrust and confidence, and patience and faith, and kindness and ension. Elder Wendell B. Mendencouragement, and common values and convictions, and an underhall, general chairman of the Church standing heart. And as to love, lest some should suppose that it

building program, had been assigned has been left out, let it be said that love should always be an inby the First Presidency to select gredient, but love likely won't live long without these other indissome likely spots on which a tempensable elements. It is a thing of great good when good people

ple might be built. trust and understand each other: When, for example, a rather away

In his message to the general from home knows his children will be taught and cared for even as priesthood meeting in April 1955, if he were there—and knows that fidelity is as certain even as if he

he said: were there. Marriage may well be life's most important decision,

"Several spots which looked like and either as to getting into or getting out of, it is never to be they might be desirable were found, lightly considered. In marriage one cannot consider himself only,

but as I was traveling in a car one nor the present only, but must consider the total effect of all he afternoon I came upon another spot does, the whole influence of all that he is, on himself and all others, and without any question of a doubt and on the family, into the farthest reaches of the future. Marriage

I knew the reason why the temple is not a matter merely of personal and passing pleasure, but must should be there. I drove up over be of enduring stability, built on character and consideration. And

the top of a hill overlooking the in this, as in all other relationships of life, there must be much of area and my decision was congive and take, much of understanding, much of reason, and of firmed."restraint from overdoing anything. And not even in times of

Elder Mendenhall then described temper and tension is there place for the hard ultimatum, for the

President McKay's arrival among "do this or else"attitude; but often surely there is need for "the

the Maori people: "... the first time soft answer that turneth away wrath,"and a little of the patience

in recorded history that the Prophet and faith and forbearance that prove so wonderfully rewarding.

of God [the President of the Church] And since marriage is so momentous an investment of all that means set his foot in this land."the most, again we would plead this day for more earnest conThen followed an inspiring acsideration before the making of any marriage, and for more undercount. At dawn the whitehaired standing of those we love and live with. Among the greatest of

Prophet and five other men had all good gifts is good and gracious living with the love of family traveled with Elder Mendenhall to and friends, and the really wise will live so as not to lose it—now—

the spot tentatively selected. "I had or ever.

not said a word to him. No one "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

else knew a thing,"said Elder Columbia Broadcasting System, February 16, 1958. Copyright 1958.

268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA property on one side and a stretch of Church farm land on the other. The whole family will

matters, the complicateTo owners Enjoy a Vacation to sell. Despite unwillingseemed

this, however, and despite the qualms of some brethren, President in WASHINGTON STATE

McKay had breathed in the vision hill,of that high proclaimed, and in the car family the and Load sell will will it; they"They corner of the country to our up on sell it."1 come

Before long, as had been prethis summer. You're in a totally

dicted, the family agreed to sell. different world the moment you

But even the negotiation itself set foot in Washington. A different

contained an extraordinary facet. world of vivid and fascinating

"When we met with the attorney,"contrasts! A delightful world of

Elder Mendenhall stated, referring varied and astonishing things, places to himself and Elder Biesinger, "we and sights all the family will enjoy.

found the sellers had overpriced the property considerably. After debating the matter for about an hour,

the attorney said, 'Would you be willing to consider this purchase if

I break the property down my way and arrive at its valuation?'And

we hazarded the chance and said, 'Yes.'"He figured the property his way, not knowing what was in our hearts Coulee Dam, Man's Mightiest Masterpiece Fishing in the Shadow of Skyscrapers or that we had our own valuation on paper in our pockets. He passed Something new and exciting at everg turn!his paper to us. We looked at it.

It was exactly the same figure, right Let us send you our new fullcolor folder "Only Hours Apart."It

to the penny, we had figured that contains a score of reasons why you should come to airconditioned morning before going to his office."Washington State this summer. You'll enjoy Washington—recreaIndeed, prophecies were being tional variety to suit every purse and purpose—all in an atmosphere

fulfilled in an astonishing manner, of welcoming hospitality that will make you want to stay longer.

but the Lord used men to fulfil

Hydroplane Races Famedthem. sweat, It took muscle and

Seattle Seafair, "KV$>tears, planning, love, hope, 1-10 and August many a fervent prayer—especially

during those early days when hands and hearts were few. Following

are descriptions an eyewitness by reporter, Free folder - Send today! friendly Baigent. Barbara

"Once upon a time a man was Washingtonof CommerceState& EconomicDepartmentDevelopment WASHINGTONasked to go to New Zealand from Gen'lOlympia,AdministrationWashington.Bldg.,

America to build a coeducational Please send your free vacation folders to: AStateop

Church College.... His name was Name HAPPINESS.

Elder George Biesinger. Address.

"Around him he gathered a small City State group of men, members of the (please print clearly)

Church, who began work on the project for wages. Life was not

easy. These men went to a bare PROVIDES ECONOMICAL

farm; their living conditions were, PROTECTION..

to mildly, modest, they put it and insurto an almost haveseemed Ik Seiduiet Plan When death occurs, the Sentinel plan promountable task before them. Even isvidesamazinglycash to low.meet Protectsfinal expenses.one personCost

the weather, in those early days, or the entire family if desired. Available

seemed to be unkind, and I well requiredat ages in 1 mostto 80cases.—noWritemedicaltoday examfor

remember the mud. Seas of mud. complete details.

And what seemed to be interminable acres of long, wet, sticky grass with the brown peat swamp for an unpromising background. They came

(See page 287 for footnotes.)

Underwritten by Sentinel Security Life Ins. Co.

APRIL 1958 269 as strangers to the area, too, reprewhether the districts would send "... a time to laugh... a time

senting a comparatively unknown men to the project, support and to dance...."2 What were hundreds

religion in the district, one regarded feed them. When the time came of people to do in their time off,

with a certain amount of reservation. to vote, there was not one dissenting many of them fifteenand sixteen-

"... no one wanted to leave home voice. yearold boys? What about the

to work at Tuhikaramea and live in "So grand was the response that children?

a tent. The job just wasn't imporevery available truck was commisEven when the pioneers were

tant to anyone who had not given sioned, and sixty men returned to crossing the plains, amid danger it serious thought, and extra labor the project afterward. and travail, they had not neglected

could not be found. "I asked George Biesinger where this aspect of their lives. Typically,

"Then one day Mr. Biesinger aphe put the men when they arrived. the Saints in New Zealand devised

proached a man named Maurie Pear- "'Goodness knows,'he said grin- a comprehensive program of enterson with a question: 'Would you ning. 'And we've been having the tainment and personal development

come and work here on a mission same trouble ever since.'for every day of the week. On

calj?'"And that was how it all began."Sundays, regular Church services

'Yes,'came the reply. Like Nauvoo the Beautiful, a great are held, and daily gospel study

"Four others answered, 'yes,'also Church community has emerged classes are conducted.

—John Elkington, Jim Hapeta, Sam from a virtual swampland. In its

Beasley, and Jock Guy. incipience, the workers'living quarWhile there is no exact method

"So at the next Hui Tau [conferters were flooded at times. Merely of tabulating the project's benefits

ence] at Hastings these disciples set finding places to live posed a serious to those many faithful men and out to tell their story. They took difficulty. women—even insofar as material

plans and models, and a tent for Under the control of such stalgains go, reporter Barbara Baigent a display, and were allotted a seswarts the work rolled forth; but provides an estimation:

sion at this conference. Before a surely the Lord did not intend that "Let's look at the hundreds of

gathering of some five thousand, his servants should never rest, or boys who have passed through the they explained what they wished to seek recreation. labor groups and gone into trades

accomplish, and how they thought "To everything there is a seathroughout the country. It is quite

it could be done. They asked son.... safe to say that at least sixty percent

INVISO

invisible bifocals give you

These amazing new lenses give you clear, comfortable vision both near and far... with

no dividing line on your glasses. Eliminate jump, blur and distortion. Be sure to see

and testtry these wonderful new lenses now. No appointment is necessary.

Suit Lake, Ogden, Provo, Logan, Price and Idaho Falls 270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of these boys, predominantly Maori, would never have learned a trade.

Many of them would never have undertaken permanent occupations, but would have led a precarious existence doing mere seasonal work.

"Now they have backgrounds of plumbing, electrical work, joinery, carpentry, bricklaying, timber tanalising, painting... and already business firms are asking to be 'put on

the waiting list'for staffing, when the boys finish their missions."

One worker is now a contractor with seventeen men working for him. Other workers have been employed as expert mechanics. As one

missionary put it, "The Lord is the most generous paymaster of all."

The Lord God is not unmindful of the fact that men have left important, lucrative positions even in the Gain a Full Quarter of Study With States, willinglyUnited supported leftby their wives children, and all All the Brigham Young University Extras ties friends forhome years, and ofsome with only them days a few Nationally Faculty Distinguished—notice, to their perform great work visit will to augteachers 3 famousof love. MORE SPECIAL FEATURES

ment able and adequate resident

Labor missionaries are working FOR YOU AT BYU faculty. Visiting artists also teach.

feverishly to prepare the mighty Devotionals—Church and Lectures

itstemple for dedication on April Institutes scholreligious Authorities, General 20th, by President McKay. Some Speech and Hearing Rehabilitation ars, and experts in many fields

who have completed their missions Junior Engineers and Scientists speak in outstanding assemblies.

are returning to aid in this crucial Understanding Human Behavior Culture—Thrilling, summerlongphase of the work.

Once more the Prophet of God Radiation Biology for Teachers series of concerts by finest artists will appear in New Zealand, to dediSummer Music Clinic in music, drama, dance. Paganini

cate the milliondollar temple, a Quartet will be featured again.

temple which will serve the whole Intensive Courses Recreation—Full program of outSouth Pacific. And then, for many Advanced Counseling Theories ings, dances, athletics and the scenof the faithful labor missionaries, it Elementary Russian ic Wasatch Mountains near at hand

will be a homecoming time, the reInternship in Remedial Programs for brief trips. The Timpanogos

turn, after long, hard, happy years Hike in July is a great experience.

of service.

For Saints in the Pacific, it will be Workshops Advancement Opportunities—Many

a gathering time, unto the house Creative Art for Teachers students now finish college in less they have awaited, lo, these many Economc Education, Utah than four years by taking advanyears. High School Press tage of Summer School. Teachers

for will special helps find many laying cornerstone At the in 1956, certification workand outstandingElder offered an Special Education B. Brown Hugh

admonition with a promise: Music Education Curriculum shops and clinics.

"Be true, be constant, be faithful, Teaching Spanish Leadership Week—During week of

endure to the end, keep clean in Painting, Composition, Printmaking June 2328, hundreds of experts thought and action, live the gospel Supervision of Education in many fields will lecture, Church in your home, be worthy to be Physical Education in Elementary leaders will speak, and many excalled the Saints of God, be worthy School hibits and films will be presented, to come to the house of the Lord, Guidance to aid in family and church life.

and if you will, I promise you that there will be greater things in the Modern Dance I CLIP AND MAIL—

future than any man has yet foreReading To: BrighamDirector ofYoungSummerUniversity,School Provo, Utah

seen for you; for the people of this

land, for your ancestors, and for your Please send me free of charge your Summer School catalog.

descendants."

Who could ask more? FIRST TERM: Name

(See page 287 for footnotes.) June 16—July 18 Address

I am especially interested in SECOND TERM:

July 21—Aug. 22

APRIL 1958 271 The Standards of the Church sage of "peace on earth and good will among men."(See Luke 2:14.)

(Continued) and personal purity, The world will move toward that if we are selfish or envious and end when and if they accept Jesus covetous, or if we are dishonest or as their.Redeemer and keep his

try to get something for nothing, if we commandments and not until then.

disobey the commandments, we may The other responsibility referred be led into all kinds of crimes and to is that it is our duty to keep the tragedies; we shall have missed the commandments of God for the salsalvation we thought we were going vation of the world. This is clearly

to attain; we will be unfit for fellowstated in the revelations quoted,

ship and association with those who that our lives should be a standard

Deluxe Portable Seating are faithful and true, and in many by which the world could live; that

instances be unfit for human society the members of the Church should by and so be put in places of imprisonso live that the world seeing their

HeywoodWakefield ment and become human outcasts. lives would receive light therefrom

glorify thus happiness. Sin never Rightand brought God. chairs proportable

will gospel HEYWOOD- 1 eousness alone The of Jesus bring enduring Christ is best vide an economical, 'WAKEFIELD convenient means of joy and great achievement, achieveunderstood when it is seen as it is obtaining additional, ment that will extend into eternity. lived by those who believe in it.

seating temporary not "Let believe of conclusion us hear the the Some our themen may sacrificing without capacity comfort ology will matter: they but Fear believe our keep God, and in fullwhole decor. Available of or dignity

upholstered spring cushion models, his commandments: for this is the lives. Many will never have a

semiupholstered, and durable plywhole duty of man. chance in any other way to know

wood, the entire line features welded "For God shall bring every work what our teachings and doctrines tubular steel frame construction which into judgment, with every secret are, what our message is as to the assures years of extra service. Write thing, whether it be good, or restoration of the true and living

for illustrated literature. whether it be evil."(Eccl. 12:1314.) Church.

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD COMPANY Many have heard of MormonAuditorium Seating Division ism and have heard of the Church

MENOMINEE, MICHIGAN of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, but it may only bring to their

Knowledge, in truth, is the great minds misrepresentations and falsehoods that have been published

nite to idea as to the true them May We sunpowerin arethe scatteredfirmament.withLifeall andits about us, or it may bring no defiof nature if the Church. But DEMONSTRATE beams.—Daniel Webster. are all true to the Church and if wewe

are all true to our obligations in

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD living the principles of the gospel and true to our obligation of carryPORTABLE ing the gospel to the world, by so doing of the of teachings gospel standards a knowledge and The SEATING will HEYWOOD- 1 the spread are to the throughout Church be lived by each 'WAKEFIELD

TO of us. They are to be manifest in We should be sure as a peopleearth.that

YOU? our homes, in our families, among we are living up to its principles,

our members. They are to be that we are not betraying the

taught to our children and estabChurch, that people may see in our

We also sell: lished in their lives through oncomlives and characters the principles

ing generations. Living the teachthat we have proclaimed, and thereClaiin Folding Chairs

ings and standards of the Church by their faith will be increased, and

Church Pews will change society, will change the they will be led to membership in

Folding Partitions world. Nothing else will. Endurthe true and living Church as again

Flannelboards ing peace for the world must be restored to the earth for the last

Blackboards rooted in righteousness. It may time, and the Church will be able

Stage Curtains not be accomplished by treaties, by to accomplish the great things that political in yet in a soare arrangements, the but accomplished to be

Paper and Janitorial Supplies as world, at a world that is they even ciety and peace—in many parts

Mimeograph and Ditto Maan enduring and lofty peace—it will are now being accomplished. And

chines have been accomplished by a people the light of the kingdom of God will iT5r> who love and serve the Prince of spread over the world and bring

Peace, by a people who are a rightpeace and salvation. "Verily I say

eous people. That is what was unto you all: Arise and shine forth,

kZJ meant by the angels at the birth of that thy light may be a standard

Christ when they brought a mesfor the nations."(D & C 115.5.)

& SUPPLY COMPANY *

SALT LAKE OGDEN IDAHO FALLS

272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Change to LISS Bookrack

for top performance

In both UltraPower Ethyl and Regular gasoline, you get a new high in octane. You can be sure of all the

smooth free power your engine can deliver.

THE BANNOCK OF IDAHO You get more getup-andgo—quickerBrigham D. Madsen. The Caxton than ever starts—faster than ever

Printers, Ltd., Caldwell, Idaho. 1958. warmups—smoother than ever get- $5.00.S82 pages.

against stalling and This definitive study of the Banaway—protection

nock includes work on the Shoshoni, vapor lock.

the Paiute, the Lemhi, and something of the Flathead and the Blackfeet. The author, who spent his

youth in Pocatello, Idaho, near the center of the Indians whom he discusses, is a graduate in history, with six years teaching experience at

Brigham Young University, and one year as acting chairman of the history department at that institution.

He currently is a lecturer in history at the University of Utah in Salt Lake

City where he makes his home. He

earned his M.A. and his Ph.D. degrees from the University of California at Berkeley.

The book reflects the author's scholarship. Thoroughly annotated,

the book provides fascinating, factual history. To Latterday Saints

the book affords insight into the

Mormon mission to the Indians, as well as the movement of settlers into the Idaho area. All in all, Dr.

Madsen does a remarkable work in You expect more from Utoco recreating the frontier era. The iland you get it! UTAH Oil lEFININfi COMPANYlustrations by Maynard Dixon Stewart enhance the book.—M. C. /.

THE YEARSTHROUGH if 'Bertha A. Kleinman. L. Max ConnolEver think what would happen

ly Publications, Tempe, Arizona.

1957. 340 pages. fire were to lay waste your home;

Friends of Bertha Kleinman will be happy to have her collected See the friendly Agent of the in availablepoems form book as UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.will others read her poetry who have

in leading periodicals of the Church. in your locality. He will be glad to help you check your

parts: has seven book The Idyls policies. Qr gee

Ideals, Desert FriendGloaming,and

Patriotic Folio, ship Home Ties, HEBER J. & CO. GRANT (Continued on pageand 287) General Agents

20 South Main—Salt Lake City

APRIL 1958 273 OPPORTUNITY IN YOUR The Lord Is Resurrected "Because,"she answered, "they

IGRASP (Continued) Mary Magdalene, haveknow takennot whereawaytheymyhaveLord,laid andhim."

however, who had followed them Then she turned away from the back to the tomb, did not leave. tomb, weeping heavily, and through

She wanted to check again, for her teardimmed eyes she saw a herself. Upon looking into the man whom she supposed to be the

sepulchre, she saw the two angels gardener, but who was in reality sitting, one at the head and the other the Savior. Repeating the question

MM at the feet of where Jesus'body had of the angel he asked, "Woman, why Mj HOMEBYU "Woman,lain. Onewhyof weepestthem saidthou?"to her, weepest"Sir,"Marythou?"begged, unwilling to

STUDY EW>5 \f v 285 COURSES REGULAR FACULTY UNIVERSITY CREDIT a "the best tranquilizer.

LEARN WHILE YOU EARN PLEASE MAIL FREE Richard L. Evans

HOME STUDY CATALOG TO:

NAME Recently somewhere we have read this short and incisive sentence: best tranquilizer is a clear "The

conscience."troubles or 1 Some come by accident STREET or RURAL ROUTE THE

CITY and STATE SPOKEN illness or material misfortune (or from the faithWORD lessness of others ). But as to those troubles which BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

HOME STUDY PROVO, UTAH men bring on inside themselves, often they come because someone has tried some kind of shortcut—because someone has supposed that

the laws of God, the laws of men, the laws of selfrespect, the laws of society can easily be set aside without adverse effect. And sometimes those who so proceed tell themselves that what they do which

PURE they shouldn't do isn't really so very serious—because aren't the

commandments and conventions oldfashioned after all—or isn't

is a kind thief aVermont Maple Syrup ofwhatrationalizingothers are whichdoing reallyseeks tomuchnullifyworse?facts:AndSeldomso theredoes

VT. GRADE A say, I am a thief. Seldom does one unfaithful say, I am unfaithful.

Gal.-$8.95 Vi Gal.-$5.25 Too seldom does the doer of wrong tell himself the truth—at least

Qt.-$3.25 Pint-$1.90 not at first. But sooner or later there comes an awareness within

that the commandments are basic laws of life which men must keep if they are to live peaceably together, or at peace inside themselves.

VERMONT So basic are they to the very nature of man that in a sense they enforce themselves, as suggested in a sentence from Elbert Hubbard

CHEDDAR CHEESE whichare manysays:laws"Menin arelife punishedwhich in bythistheirsensesins,arenotselfenforcing.for them."2 ThereThe

5 lb.-$5.95 Lord God hasn't simply sat down and thought up a series of thou

shalt nots. He knows us. He knows our nature. He knows what

ALL SHIPMENTS POSTPAID will make us happy or unhappy, what will help or impede our

Graham A. Clark progress—and this isn't something that someone has merely sup-

P. O. Box 449 posed. But blessedly there is the principle of repentance, and

Brattleboro, Vermont blessedly the Lord forgives upon evidence of sincere repentance—

not merely for superficially saying I am sorry, and then repeating old errors, but the kind in which a man says in his soul inside of himself, "I will turn away from what I shouldn't do,"and then does what he should do. And just because we may have gone one step

down a wrong road is no reason why we have to take two. The FILMS! only sound and peaceful way to live is to face facts, to keep the

to commandments, do our best be, to be what not and we should DEVELOPED errors. to rationalize our first at the sentence cited: To repeat and PRINTED "The best tranquilizer is a clear conscience."1

(See page 287 for footnotes.)

Send Coin Only - No C.O.D.t 'The Spoken presented Word"from Square Temple over the KSL and GUARANTEE! MONEYBACK Broadcasting System, Columbia 1958. 26, January Copyright 1958.

SAM'SP. O. BoxPHOTO1115, Dept. AALAB

Salt Lake City, Utah

274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA face him because of her tears, "if thou have borne him hence, tell me where thou hast laid him, and I will take him away."

With the tenderness and love that only Jesus could manifest, he spoke her name: "Mary."

In that one glorious moment her extreme sorrow changed to indescribable joy, as she turned, looked upon his face, and realized that this was not the gardener, but the Risen

Lord! Indeed it was he who so recently had been scourged and crucified, whom she herself had seen suffer

on the cross until life had ebbed away, and whose lifeless body she had helped lay in the tomb. Having

triumphed over death, he stood in majesty before her!

When at last she found her voice, and action came back to her stunned body, she started toward him. "Master,"she exclaimed joyfully. But

the Lord restrained her, "Touch me not,"he gently said, "for I am not yet ascended to my Father: but go

to my brethren, and say unto them,

I ascend unto my Father, and yourFather; and to my God, and your Deseret News Press

God."He later permitted others

to touch him so it is assumed that 33 Richards Street Sales Office—Phone EM 4-2581 Salt Lake City, Utah

after his appearance to Mary he did ascend to his Father.

As the other women were hastening to tell the disciples about the empty tomb, Jesus appeared to them. "For cruiselike comfort—go B/G-OJ"

"All hail,"he said.

As they "came and held him by:': Largest and Fastest Liners to

his feet and worshiped him"Jesus instructed, "Be not afraid: go tell \my brethren that they go into GaliAUSTRALIA

lee, and there shall they see me."

These were the first two of some tenrecorded appearances of the Risen NEW ZEALAND

Lord to his followers during the forty days he was to labor among Your transPacific trip is a vacation in itself, them. aboard any of Orient Line's Big-O express

ships. blissful of sunshine sea Three weeks and village is a eight about Emmaus

..... relaxing sports spacious decks onmiles of northwest Jerusalem. Two air

fine British flawless food pampered by andof disciples the were walking toward service! Everything's tap for on your pleasure

little talkingthat of town, the events. pools, public airconditioned.. swimmingthat recently transpired, had when rooms, generous allowance, free baggage comappeared,Jesus along walked with

living quarters. fortable classes. Tourist Threethem, and engaged them in conversation. Thinking he was a stranger, roundtrip, from $554 to Auckland, $604 to

they told him about their Lord and HawaiiSydney.andBegularFiji. SeeWestyourCoastlocal sailings,travel agent.viawhat had happened.

"O fools, and slow of heart to beFOR GLOBETROTTING: Orient Line conneclieve all that the prophets have tions from Australia to Europe, with transspoken,"Jesus said. Atlantic return in any Cunarder.

"Ought not Christ to have suffered these things, and to enter into hisglory?"Orient"There's no better wayline

Then he explained again his misfc- to cross the Pacific!"*M

CUNARD LINE General Passenger Agents in U. S. and Canada

APRIL 1958 275 sion to them. When they had hands; and reach hither thy hand,

reached Emmaus and sat down to and thrust it into my side: and be

eat, he brake bread, blessed it, and not faithless, but believing."

gave it to them. It was then that "My Lord and my God,"Thomas

their eyes were opened and they exclaimed.

recognized him as the Lord. "Thomas,"Jesus said, "because

Peter was also blessed with an thou hast seen me, thou hast beappearance of the Savior, but of its lieved: blessed are they that have

details we have no record. not seen, and yet have believed."

As the apostles, with the excepIn keeping with the instructions tion of Thomas, sat at dinner that of the Savior the disciples left Jerusame evening and the two disciples salem for the trip northward to and Peter were relating their expeGalilee, which was home to most riences, Jesus appeared to them. of them. What a happy journey it

Thinking they were seeing a spirit, must have been! They now had

they were frightened. seen the Risen Lord and had been

"Why are ye troubled?"Jesus* given the Holy Ghost to help bear

asked, "and why do thoughts arise witness to them of his divinity. Not

in your hearts? only that, but the Savior had prom-

"Behold my hands and my feet, ised to visit them again.

that it is I myself: handle me, and One day seven of the disciples

see; for a spirit hath not flesh and were on the shore of the Sea of Galibones, as ye see me have."They lee, probably at or near the place

were overjoyed but still some could where Jesus first called Peter, Annot understand. drew, James, and John to follow

Calling for food, Jesus then ate him. Weary of waiting, Peter said

a piece of a broiled fish and a part to his fellows, "I go a fishing."They

of a honeycomb. Again he explained all liked the suggestion. "We also

his mission, then blessed them and go with thee,"they replied.

For churches, chapels and for larger bestowed the Holy Ghost upon But even though they seem to homes—we invite comparison of them. have fished through the night, they

the CLASSIC Conn Finest Organ. Compare... America'sthe tone, When the disciples reported this were not successful. When morncompare the performance, comglorious experience to Thomas, he ing came Jesus was on the shore,

pare the styling—and the moderate was skeptical. "Except I shall see although the disciples did not know

will price you! amaze No other in his hands the print of the nails, it was he.

for offers complete organ so much musical enjoyment at this joyous and put my finger into the print of "Children, have ye any meat?"he

season and for many years to come. the nails, and thrust my hand into called to them.

in for demonstration Stop their terse reply. at no his was side,"he said, "I will not be- "No,"

still deliver obligation. can We the right lieve."the net "Cast side of on Easter. for CLASSIC the Conn

It must have been a long week for the ship, and ye shall find,"he inThomas, as it was eight days before structed.

Jesus appeared to the disciples They did, and caught so many Conn again. To Thomas he said, "Reach fish they could not pull in the net.

oraans hither thy finger, and behold my To John, this happening could -"> TRIUMPH "* tone"

aunes9 Music *V [,&HaJ i 15 E. 1st So.

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY. PROVO Salt Lake City

EUROPEAN TOUR: % S

$889.00—Includes Ship, Hotel, Tours, and

Meals. 6 weeks—42 days. Leave August 29, return October 15.

Will attend dedication of Temple. 'V

HAWAIIAN TOUR:,#1 fe"

Travel on USS Lelani. Return by plane.

Leave June 17, return July 5.

Margaret Lund /Amdt,'f&-kj** 3021 South 23rd East Salt Lake City, Utah Phone: IN 6-2909, CR 7-6334, AM 2-2337

or contact:

CHRISTOPHERSON TRAVEL SERVICE Provo, Utah 276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mean only one thing. The man on Then came the time for the Lord

the shore was Jesus. Perhaps they to leave the earth. Appropriately

had even recognized him by now. enough he called the disciples to-

"It is the Lord,"he said to Peter. gether to give them final instrucImpetuous as always, Peter could tions. Matthew records his words

not wait for the boat to get back to as: "All power is given unto me

land, but he put his coat around in heaven and in earth.

him and jumped into the sea to "Go ye therefore, and teach all swim or wade to the shore. The nations, baptizing them in the name

other disciples brought the boat in, of the Father, and of the Son, and dragging the net of fish. A fire was of the Holy Ghost:

burning on the shore, and there "Teaching them to observe all were fish and bread on it. "Bring things whatsoever I have comThe Intermountain West's

of the fish which ye have now manded you: and lo, I am with you

caught,"Jesus instructed. With his alway, even unto the end of the Largest and Finest

newfound strength Peter pulled the world. Amen."

net in alone, and they counted one Mark's record reads, "And he said Bridal Salon hundred and fiftythree fish. Jesus unto them, Go ye into all the world,

then invited them to eat, which they and preach the gospel to every creadid. ture.

When they had finished, the Lord "He that believeth and is baptized said to Peter, "Simon, son of Jonas, shall be saved; but he that believeth

lovest thou me more than these?"not shall be damned.

"Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I "And these signs shall follow them

love thee,"Peter replied. that believe; In my name shall they

"Feed my lambs,"the Lord incast out devils; they shall speak with

structed. A second time Jesus asked new tongues;

the question, and a second time "They shall take up serpents; and

Peter gave him the same answer. if they drink any deadly thing, it OUR NEW LOCATION

shall shall not hurt they them; and"Feed my sheep,"the Lord told Main Street 38 South shall sick, lay hands they on the andhim. LAKE CITY SALT When Jesus repeated the question recover."UTAH

the third time Peter was grieved. Now the Savior's work was fin-

"Lord,"he said, "thou knowest all ished, and after blessing his discithings; thou knowest that I love ples, "he was received up into

heaven,thee."and sat on the right hand RAIN BIRD Leads of God."Again Jesus repeated, "Feed my * to last closes the next Johnsheep."chapWhere Others Follow. in his these words: with book The emphasis which Jesus placed ter

upon preaching the gospel must "And many other signs truly did have had an impact upon Peter and Jesus in the presence of his disciples, the other disciples which they could which are not written in this book:

never forget. All of them were to "But these are written, that ye

meet with many trials and hardmight believe that Jesus is the ships for the gospel's sake, but none Christ, the Son of God; and that

of them was ever to deny again the believing ye might have life through

Lord. his name."

"Verily, verily, I say unto thee,"He concludes his account of the Savior continued his instruction Jesus'ministry with his testimony to Peter, "when thou was young, of the divinity of the Lord and the For 20 years a pace setter in the irrigation thou girdest thyself, and walkedst importance of his work: industry, Rain Bird has led the field in

whither thou wouldest: but when "This is the disciple which testiimproved irrigation sprinklers. Continuthou shalt be old thou shalt stretch fieth of these things, and wrote these ous laboratory and inthe-field research

forth thy hands, and another shall things: and we know that his testiassures the performance and reliability

gird thee, and carry thee whither mony is true. of all Rain Bird Sprinklers.

are also other there "And many not."thou us wouldest John tells

Invest in Rain Bird, the leader 1 Also, be did, things the which, which Jesusthat the Savior that was predicting

Peter would be crucified, even as if they should be written every one, sure the sprinkler system you get meets he had been, a fact which Peter I suppose that even the world itself the American Society of Agricultural Engiseemed to understand. could not contain the books that neers'standards and fits your requireOn a later occasion Jesus "was should be written. Amen."ments exactly,

seen of five hundred brethren at Literature on request.

once,"and on another he appeared to James. Of these visits we have Next Month: Jesus Visits His

no further information. 'Other Sheep."NATIONAL RAIN BIRD

SALES & ENGINEERING CORP.

AZUSA, CALIFORNIA

APRIL 1958 277 Todays Family—Eileen Gibbons, Editor

The formula 1 + 1—3 may be mathematically incorrect, but it signifies a true

principle—that units acting together can

produce results far greater than the added capabilities of the same units acting separately.

Teamwork is a watchword in today's world. Teams have become characteristic

f industrial research, of community enterprise, of political service, of exploration, of sports. Blended individual skills and specialties in unified groups are increasingly

supplanting isolated genius.

There is inspiration in watching teams in action. The members of a research

team lose themselves in the mushrooming of ideas. "Brainstorming"—the free and

uninhibited exchange of ideas among members of such a team—has fast become a

common tool in presentday industrial and scientific development. Community teamwork can build strong parentteacher associations, substantial funds for charities, and

can complete community improvement projects. A smoothly working team has

become the signature of successful football and basketball coaching.

A successful coach once described his team as "a harmonious group of effective individuals who are at their best in each other's company."Food is like that. The

food which sustains human life is composed of the elements of which the body is made.

These elements make up a magnificent team, the individual members of which are at their best in each other's company. As

with any good football or basketball team, it takes all members of the "team"of foods, working together, to produce a smoothly functioning human body.

The members of the food "team"are orby Lynne A. Pettit, Ph.D. ganized into proteins, carbohydrates, lipids,

University of Utah vitamins, minerals, water, and oxygen. It

takes all of them for a complete team.

Leave one food group out of nourishment, and the effect of the entire team may be crippled. Furthermore, it takes all of these

Prizewinning cook scores a hit with

Hot Chicken Salad in a Cheese Crust "Now I've got my whole club cooking the 'YeastRiz'way,"says Mrs. Charles Buist, of Logan, Utah,

whose cooking wins honors at the Utah State Fair.

"They loved my pipinghot chicken salad in a crisp, tender crust I make days ahead.

And I told them the secret's to make the crust with yeast. Fleischmann's

Active Dry Yeast gives such wonderful taste and texture—it's faster

groups present at the same time to rising, too, and keeps for months."

make the food team most effective at any given time.—"YEASTRIZ"CRUST "I learn as much as possible about /

each of my players/'said the coach, i sugar,Combine14 teaspoonVi cup hotsalt.water,Cool 6to tablespoonslukewarm. Mix togetherChicken2 cupsSaladdiced Fillingcooked chicken,

Active Fleischmann's 1 salt, package Dissolve celery, teaspoon finely 1 chopped cup V2 to I a chance give them then"and water. hot) (not in cup tablespoons warm Yeast onion, 2 Dry teaspoons minced 2 %

slightly 1 mixture, well be water could Stir in together."This cup lukewarm and mayonnaise juice, l/iwork cup lemon %

sifted enriched cups into egg and "Yeastbeaten IV2 Put chopped. Walnuts, Royal counselor of a nutritionthe advice in 1 grated Stir cup until flour. 1 smooth. cup Beat with Sprinkle top Crust. Cheese Riz"

on how to feed the human body. Cheddarflour (about).cheeseKnead.and 1 Put14 cupsinto siftedgreasedenrichedbowl crushedoven at 350potatoF. chips.for 1520Bakeminutes.in moderateServe

Learn all that can possibly be brush top with shortening. Cover. Let rise hot. Makes 4-6 servings.

until draft, free place, from in warm 350 oven F. Treat—In food individual Summer For thelearned A about hours. Punch in about bulk, doubled 1% "YeastRiz"partially baked a brown into Roll each 3 pieces. into divide down; the to present them thengroups, Cool. 10 minutes. Crust, about Cheese pie 9-inch into firmly circle. Press 10inch salad. favorite chicken Fill with your as let work together them fork. Brush and tines ofbody with edge Press pan. Cold. Serve

rise white. Let slightly egg beaten 1 with the for is the case Thisa team! minutes. 20 in bulk, about until doubled

completely balanced diet. Prick with fork. Bake at 300 F. for 8 The yeast

minutes. Do not brown. Fill and bake or prizewinning

store until ready to use. To store, cool, cooks prefer

Proteins stack and wrap in foil. Hold in refrigerator

1-10 days. Makes 3.

of diversified group a are Proteins /

Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc. of difof moleculesfoods up made

ferent sizes and shapes. All of the

proteins have in common one factor:

they are composed of "building The best Bible buy today!

blocks"called amino acids, of which 02227x A de luxe Oxford Bible there are about twenty. These amino at an irresistibly low price.

acids are relatively small molecules Marrakesh Persian Morocco lined, leather binding, of various sizes and shapes, each flexible circuit. Concordance, with half

having at its end two chemical new Bible Study Helps, maps.

groups, one known as amine and 5 x 7'/s, only 13/ig"thick.

one as acid. By coupling with each In red or black. $10.75

other through these active chemical 02227x groups, amino acids may form almost endless varieties of extremely large molecules with many characteristic shapes and functions.

coneach molecules, large These the A Scofield Bible in a are of atoms, thousands taining new gift binding proteins. They compose the great

Bible Concordance 179x A Scofield bulk of the human body and must in luxurious type, bound large with be constantly repaired and replennatural grain Morocco, leather ished. lined. Contains all the famous

The nutritional value of a protein Scofield features. A magnificent gift

depends largely upon its amino acid that will be treasured forever.

thick. $22.00 content, particularly of those which 5*/a x8'/8, only %"

cannot be made in the body. All

A t your bookseller protein foods do not contain the same amino acids nor the same array of nonsynthesizable (indispensMORE THAN 200 STYLES

PRICED FROM $3.00 TO $155.00

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS, Inc.

APRIL 1958 279 Won't you stop in during Conference?

We're just a few steps from Temple able) amino acids (those which in the be manufactured body Square... an ideal place to meet cannot

is logical, and must be eaten). It

your friends and relax during meettherefore, to judge the food value of ings. Visit our comfortable public a protein by the proportions of inlounge... in the beautiful surrounddispensable amino acids which it

ings of the Intermountain West's contains. The amino acid content

most upto-date savings and loan ofof certain protein foods such as milk, fices. AMERICAN pays the highest thateggs, ofandthemeatentireis morebodynearlythanlikeis

rate in Utah on savings INSURED the composition of certain other by the Federal Savings and Loan Infoods such as white flour, corn, smaller Therefore, a and legumes. surance Corporation, / rr/ q i of milk, or promeat, egg /2 current rate O /O quantityteins flour, of corn than meal, white

or legume proteins will supply bodcAme/ucm Scumab ilythatneeds.an aminoIt shouldacid whetherbe rememberedderived & ooh. /3<L<Lociatla*t from plant or animal sources is the

Home Office: 63 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah same amino acid and is equally good

Branch Office: Granger, Utah as food. Most of us do not derive

Divisional Office: Honolulu, Hawaii amino acids from any one source of

Branch Office: Hilo, Hawaii protein but from many sources,

both plant and animal.

No one protein need have an ideal mixture of amino acids as long as we consume a variety of protein foods. If one protein lacks a cerNOTHING ELSE FITS LIKE tain amino acid—as white flour for

example lacks lysine—this deficiency

can be balanced by eating a protein food that contains an excess of this particular amino acid, such as milk.

A mixture of milk and wheat products (for example, bread made with wheat flour and milk solids) is nutritionally superior to either one alone. 6-44 The various amino acids needed for protein construction are required in the body "in each other's comall utilization, pany."For maximum "BANQUETMASTER"in acids present should amino be LIGHT WEIGHT THE NEW

foods Protein meal. FOLDING TABLE IRIS the which BANQUET same '58 Designed for today's beautiful ANNUAL will acids certain lack amino be Churches Schools

Cafes alone, nutritionally eaten poor when black..$0.75 Private Homes COLLECTIONSable, near

Kala, ruffled gold Ola 75 but when eaten with other appro- *:: Hit Parade, pink..75 flamingo

fine white....75 Lady Boscawen,

blue Skies, azure 60 cellent protein mixture. As stated::::M AzureChantilly, lav. -old gold 75 priate proteins may provide an exsoft blend Canyon, Grand 60 above, milk proteins supplement

Colquitt, purple white.60 Minnie

The Sentinel, bright copper...60 wheat proteins if eaten in the same

lilac Flora pink Zenor, 60 if fail so the to meal. do They Arctic, 60 creamyellow in the by West Made

pink Rose,.75 Mulberry mulberry is L.D.S. workmen. cereal for or eaten bread wheat

.. of yellow..75 Gold, Cloth deep buy, BanBefore you BISHOPS—

.. is apricot. 1.00 Wings, gold Russet breakfast the milk and consumed ycompare quality material for of and quetmasters pink Saluskin, 1.00..... salmon

design. of beauty workmanship, at Low supper.

. labeled postpaid Shipped and

paid. freight cost—only $22.66 not does have body The human Satisfaction Guaranteed

Sample table sent for your inspection. Send For COLOR CATALOG /5t the capacity to store amino acids

telephone collect or Write JA 2-660T. iris, 1 of world'sfinest Acollection certain other as it does food com100". us Costs including "Best

If of excess 50c, ponents. there is an order) (Free for with yours 25c. $5 D. INC. H. CO., LOOSLI

Idaho Falls, Idaho can the body IRIS MARBLE

Grandview, Box M proteinGARDENSWashington useaminoat acids—morethe time in buildingthan

it is likely wasted. Under certain

EUROPEAN TOUR conditions the excess may be broken

ALL EXPENSE FROM MONTREAL 53 DAY DRINK energy to provide down chemically Countries Dedication Eleven Temple—Visit

$ 829.00 may be used to synthesize some ficq Ship—Hotel—Tours to the body and some of the excess A delightful CHIYE'S TOURS CHRISTOPHERSON for those hot beverage

So. East 9th 3720 SERVICE TRAVEL coffee. don't drink who City, Salt Utah Lake 144, Provo, Utah Box

AT YOUR GROCERS FR 3-5310 AM 6-0257 280 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOR THATother amino acids. But amino acids serious thought in planning balanced which cannot be rebuilt in the body, meals. WONDERFULonce lost, must be replaced in food Vitamins are essential to some of * from the outside. the complex chemical reactions LUCCA FLAVOR

are involved which in cellular Carbohydrates growth, exchange, or assimilation.

Carbohydrates are also essential They serve very specific purposes as to human life and are an important agents for transporting essential member of the food team. There materials in living chemical proare many types, but the common cesses. *

for starch, vitamins fact that the are sugarfood forms Except and life essential are ordinarto functions of their are primaryand one and is to provide energy (heat) for life ily required in only very small processes and activity. quantities, there is no other overall *

Unlike proteins, carbohydrates similarity among them. They differ

physiologically, chemically, forthat widely needs exceed current body * in stored the because perhapsmetabolism and physically, may be liver and the muscles as glycogen. each has a very particular function *

These stores of energy are readily to perform. In the beginnings of * *

available to the body and should be vitamin research all vitamins were kept wellfilled for health and wellthought to be amines (in the chemibeing. Excess carbohydrates may cal sense) and were named with

also be converted by the body into this in mind. Thiamine is an examUSE

various fats and stored in locations ple. But many vitamins are not

throughout the body. Moderate amines, and because the original

quantities of these fats seem to be term "vitamine"was a misnomer, the desirable as reserve fuel supplies final "e"has been dropped.and as protective insulation to inVitamin molecules are relatively STARITALIAN

ternal organs, but an excess is both small compared to proteins and as physiologically and aesthetically unstated are very specific in activity.

desirable. Some vitamins can be conveniently FREE Recipe Book; Write A. Giurliani & Bro.

(even cheaply) synthesized in the jl. 537 Front Street, San Francisco 26. Calif.

laboratory, but they cannot be manLipids ufactured by the human body. They

The lipid group of the food team must be taken into it as food.

consists of food substances charUsing letters of the alphabet toacterized by "fatty acids."Phosphoname vitamins has no present sigKITCHEn CHflRm

lipids cells are in brain nificance. important Letter designations were

fluids. Steroids disWAXED PAPER as (such as given vitaminsand body they were

cholesterol) include vitamin D, sex covered, and in some cases what KEEPS FOOD secretionshormones, of the single and thought to be a was originally adrenal glands. to discovered vitamin The be a FRESHER LONGER! most common was later

group of food lipids is the fats, group of vitamins. This led to the

whose primary function in humans attaching of numerals or subscripts appears to be as reserve energy to letter designations. Vitamin A

supply, although insulation for body implies that this was the first to be organs is not without importance. identified, followed by Vitamin B.

The fats may also serve as impor- "B"was later divided into a large tant carriers for fat soluble vitamins. number of separate individual subStored energy in the form of fat is stances. So many fractions have

very concentrated: Fatty acids may now been isolated that it is customcarry almost as much potential ary to refer to this group as the "B

energy per gram as any known noncomplex"and to use chemical names atomic fuel. such as riboflavin for each member.

The title "B complex"does not indiVitamins cate similarity of structure or funcThe vitamin group of the food tion.

team plays some spectacular performances. Although vitamins are Minerals

utilized in bodily metabolism in Minerals are also essential to the very small quantities, they are so food team since they contribute to necessary to the "team"that lack many critical cellular activities, such of any one of them may have disas bone building and blood formaastrous effects on the human body. tion. Some minerals are needed in

Diseases related to vitamins have only minute amounts (manganese received much attention and deserve and cobalt); others are required in

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS OF HOUSEWIVES...

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS APRIL 1958 281 more liberal quantities (calcium and food and none from the salty water phosphorus ) environment in which they live.

The important minerals needed in food intake are generally indicated Oxygen as follows: calcium (bones, teeth, Oxygen, of course, is vital to hubody fluids, nervous system, musman life and holds a key position

cles, some enzyme systems); phoson the "team."A man or woman,

phorus (bones, protein construction, breathing normally at rest, inhales sugar metabolism, muscle contracand exhales approximately 3300 galtion, enzyme systems); sodium lons of air a day. Since air is only

(body fluids, blood, cartilage, musabout onefifth oxygen this means cle); potassium (within bodily cells, about 660 gallons of oxygen daily,

enzyme systems); chlorine (digesonly a small part of which enters

tive juices, blood ); iodine ( thyroid ) the blood through the lungs and is

bromine (blood serum and pituiused. For life processes the body

tary); fluorine (tooth enamel); iron uses 175 to 350 grams of oxygen a

(hemoglobin); magnesium (muscle day, depending upon the quantity

ELECTRIC contraction, nerve functions); manof food utilized.

WATER zymesganese involved(enzymes);in copperhemoglobin(enTo know these food groups is to

HEATER production, hair and skin pigmentaknow the members of the food team.

tion); cobalt (vitamin B i2 ); zinc It remains to present them to the

(pancreas). Other minerals have body "in each other's company."The

been found in traces in human tishuman body can be likened to a

LIVE BETTER sues. printed page. All the letters of the

ELECTRICALLY Water meaningfulalphabet are bookrequiredor tonewspaper.print a

with FULL It should not be overlooked that How effective is a printed page

HOUSEPOWER mentsone of theis mostwater.importantLifepromotingfood elewhichants orusesonlyonlypartvowelsof the oralphabet?consonUTAH POWER & LIGHTCO. chemical reactions occur in solution, What would this page be without

making water vital to the food team. the letter e? Just so, can a human

A minimum water requirement for body be built or effectively main- a normal human being is about eight tained with only part of the essential glasses a day and while most of this materials required for cellular strucis obtained as drinking water or in ture and activity or with omission beverages, a large part is also obof a single essential "food"?

For Home and tained from water contained in solid All the elements of living tissue foods. About fifteen percent of the are needed, in appropriate combinaWard Library formedwater requiredfrom thefor metabolizinghuman "life"ofis tions,ance into dietbuildmeansa healthycompletenessbody. Balin

foods, that is, through oxidation of diet, which in turn means teamUse fats, carbohydrates, and proteins by work in foods. The body is made of

means of oxygen in the blood. Some the food it consumes, and the food

mammals, like the whale, take all components—like a team—are most

Bind your '57 their water from the metabolism of effective "in each other's company!"

Eras Household Helps

Keep candles on ice for a day before To prevent a child from dumping out

Send 3c stamp for usingburn slowlyon a andbirthdayevenly.—Mrs.cake, andO. theyC, Ranwill thea yardstickcontentsverticallyof a kitchenthroughdrawer,the handlespush

dolph Center, Vermont. of drawers down to the floor. All the

index to To keep crystals from forming on ice thatefforts yardstick.—Mrs.of the little tykeE.willM.,not Lansing,dislodge

cream made in the refrigerator, put the Michigan.

tray in a plastic bag when it has frozen to the mushy stage.—Mrs. B.C., Clarence,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Missouri. andAn woodworkeasy way tois washto closethe bathroomall doors wallsand

To prevent nylon slips and dresses from windows, turn on the hot water faucet, 50 NORTH MAIN ST. permanenttypeclinging, try usingstarcha inweakyoursolutionlast rinseof steam.and allowThenthegoroomover towallsbe andfilled woodwith

water. A tablespoon of starch to a quart work with your favorite cleaning preparaSALT LAKE CITY 16, UTAH of water is sufficient.—N. P., Denver, Colotion. Dirt comes off as if by magic—Mrs.

rado. R. M., San Francisco, California.

282 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Editor's Page LOOK FOR YOUR (Continued) Nazareth as havingrisen from the dead. Hear the oldest FAVORITE

recorded testimony of the Risen

Lord: "And that he was seen of Cephas, then of the twelve:

"After that, he was seen of about five hundred brethren at once; of

whom the greater part remain unto this present, but some are fallen asleep. "After that, he was seen of James;

then of all the apostles.

"And last of all he was seen of me also, as of one born out of due time.

"For I am the least of the apostles, that am not meet to be called an apostle, because I persecuted the church of God."(I Cor. 15:5-9.)

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints accepts the resurrection not only as being real, but also as the consummation of Christ's divine mission on earth; and to the

testimonies of Peter, Paul, and other apostles adds this mighty confirmation:

"And now, after the many testimonies which have been given of him, this is the testimony, last of all, which we give of him: That he

lives! "That he came into the world,...

to be crucified for the world, and to bear the sins of the world, and to sanctify the world, and to cleanse it from all unrighteousness."(D & C

76:22, 41.)

In this age when the negative answer to the ever recurring question, "Is there a life after death?"begins

in doubt to oppress men's souls, we can awaken the heart to gladness by listening to "the testimony, last of all, which we give of him: That he CHEESE SAUCE *

lives!"Sauce Cheese lived after Christ death, so shall As MUk3MmuteMU* all Mornmg taking in men, each his place erate<grated cubedi j ororthe for next world has he which Milk V3 cupprocesstype cupVlornmsM fittedbest himself. V3

To this truth may each recurring

Easter morning give new emphasis and fill our souls with the divine is sca5mgs. thatassurance Christ truly risen, heat

.. tringconstontly immortality man'sand through him untilofpanfsmall bub t edgeS

is assured; and may the day soon

dawn upon the world when the false concept that might makes right will be supplanted by the higher ideals of the gospel which radiate the charitable, peaceloving spirit of the but be sure you make it with Morning

Risen Lord! Milk

to make... smoother,it's doublerichcreamierand sauces.homogenized EVAPORATfD

MILK

APRIL 1958 283 These Times will be exchanged in 1958. Can you BUSINESS nominate the six American authors

you would recommend for the mis- (Continued) nity hygiene you sion? The composers? The others? MEN could be one of the Americans called The Department of State will have

to form one of eight delegations to a small headache with this mattergo to Russia. especially in an election year, and

ZOOM be Fiveselectedor sixforAmericanthe exchanges,writers willthe torsespeciallybegin if toCongressmenget endorsementsand Senaof same number of musical composers, "favorite sons"for the trip!

...the plus "three or four"painters and The New York Times said the

instant cooking whole sculptors and an unstated number agreement foreshadows "a much of civic officials, student newspaper larger exchange of artists, scientists, wheat cereal You've no Idea editors, representatives of youth and teachers, students, and university how good Your morning women's organizations. All these delegations than has ever taken

hot cereal can be!

cooks Faster INSTANT COOKING Character, Confidence, than QUICK...

Better tastes

than GOGB! i*** and Consistency

WHOLE WHEAT CEREAL

Richard L. Evans

, NGS, BRACELETS In a recent forecast ten things are enumerated which can be counted on, and this one sentence we FOR FUN "Reputations will to the ten: take from continue be N FOR PROFIT THE acts, one."1 This and be lost SPOKEN made by many by WORD LAPIDARY calls to mind a quote from an eminent American:

FULL OR PART TIME "Confidence is a subtle thing. It is built slowly and can be easily

moneymakingMost Become a rock fascinating,. shaken."- quickly in and complexi- a time hobby!them of many We are living—. convertmasterpieces.hound intoyour "salable"hands—to profitdohike outdoors lapidary... findEasystonesfor the lovewith—.. you'llwork ties, laws, ascribwith places many many technicalities, in many men

GRIEGER'S NEW ENCYCLOPEDIA! ing motives to other men, and with some seemingly seeking to

SENSATIONAL - JUST OFF THE PRESS destroy confidence. It is a time when reputations (and character

Here's easydooutstandingit"to understand.bible lapidaryof the Writtenindustry.authorities.andUpto-put and confidence) survive with some considerable difficulty. Anddate,out byinformative,thethe country's"how to

320 PAGES... OVER 2000 PICTURES it all argues an earnest urgency for "getting back to first princi-

.... for source data to those basic principles simple that ples"—back to always need we (includes. oureverything 30OnlyARTICLES and money backthisyouneed.guarantee.. Send$2.20 tie in said to, simply sentences called some simple. postage)detailed. FREE.. commandments. onof the book. getinformation your copyobligation introductoryFREEfor no BULLETINFREE...

.authenticBig.. 16pageACT NOW! against There others. to belongs are commandments taking what

1, Wa,nut There are commandments concerning the care of the widow, theun i i;<a;irsnc sa&Sft.ffift.

orphan, the poor and distressed, and neighbors in need. There

are commandments against marital unfaithfulness and personal

SKIN impurity. There are commandments against bearing false witness, and many other matters. And if we would honestly commit ourIf you are PROBLEMS?troubled with rough, dry,

scaling or itching skin or are an adolesselves to the consistent keeping of these simple commandments, cent with skin troubles and have given much that is now long argued and considered would be solved.

thinking no up in despair, product would Both character and reputation call for consistency. Occasional relieve or heal your skin, then you owe

it to yourself to try H & M OINTMENT. dependability isn't a dependable dependability and reputations

this Your druggist has marvelous healing made by many worthy acts are often lost by a single unworthy one.

will ointment gladly refund and your money if you are not pleased with reWe need recommitment to the simple keeping of the commandsults. It is pleasant to use, odorless and ments, and the confidence that comes with faithful consistency. We

need men such as can be trusted with uncounted money, with unaudited accounts. We need more of the quiet consistency that

comes with the honest intent of keeping the commandments, so that reputation (and character and confidence) may not be lost ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED TO SATISFY.

a single irresponsible act or utterance. skincolor.HGet it at your drug*Mstore, or order from by

& H LABORATORIES 151 EASTM 2ND NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH (See page 287 for footnotes.)

Small Size—$1.25 Large Size—$2.00

POSTPAID 'The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, February 9, 1958. Copyright 1958.

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Take Time to Listen place between the two countries in the past."Initial plans now include Just 30 Minutes Of Your

formal exchanges between ColumTime Will Remove Any bia and Moscow Universities, and Doubts About the Superior between Harvard and Leningrad Universities. There will be other Qualifications Of The

lectures exchanged in various fields in other institutions. Under the agreeHAMMOND ORGAN

the Philadelphiament Symphony The Organ for the Church,goes to Russia the ballet in 1958;

troupe of the Bolshoi Theater comes School and Home to the United States in 1959. Who

knows? The Tabernacle Choir may Your Visit To Our Store During April Conference Will Prove

get its chance in the 1960s. Enlightening, Interesting And Entertaining. We Are Expecting

The agreement also provides for You And Hope You Will Not Disappoint Us. Full Information

formal exchanges in the following Will Be Cheerfully Sent.

fields: 1. Radio and Television. "An exchange of broadcasts in science, GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO.

technology, industry, agriculture, OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO education, public health, and 2546 Washington 74 So. Main 57 No. University

sports."2. Movies. In 1958, twelve to fifteen documentary films to be mutually agreed upon, exchanged. will be

Entertainment films (sales basis), GO GREYHOUNDmutually determined, will also be for a carefree vacation NOW AVAILABLE placed into channels. 1. School Teachers'Caravan to

3. Industrial technology. TechniMexico.days. GoLeaveas farJunesouth7, asforAca23cians in iron and steel, iron ore minpulco. $225.00. InterestingFREEand educational 16mm sound

ing, and plastics received prominent 2. See the Northwest as far as and color film, "THE MANUFACTURE

mention. Banff. 9 days for $75.00. OF BURNED CLAY PRODUCTS."Photoin Utah. color in gorgeous graphed The agreement of January 27, 3. VisitPalmyramostPageant.of the LeaveChurchAug.land-2. clay other of brick and Shows story

marks.1958, could for 16 days historic. $195.00. It become repfinished to materials products from raw

4. with Fly Service Travel Empireresents an to structure. approximation for Ideal minutes. your 30 what

to Hawaii. wish. you Go when or church club, group. schoolWilliam called for as James "the Transportation, hotels a and

moral equivalent of war"fifty years complete tour of Oahu. 10 days reservations through Film Make forago. $248.00. following: at Dept.

5. Pocatello College, State European Tour. Idaho 54 days in 11 Successful negotiations University, State between Utah Logan nations. Meals, transportation,

Salt City of University Utah, Lakethe all Russians and hotels, States the United for $998.00. University, Provo Young Brigham

since 1945 have been few: the Write to Hillam's 16mm Films, 54 Post Office Place, Salt Lake City E.Treaty CECIL of Peace McGAVIN with Japan in 1951

Ave., Roosevelt Salt 1336 Lake City, Utah(with the Russians all disagreeing of an autographed copy Order

the way, but outmaneuvered by "Mormonism and Masonry,"$2.25. INTERSTATEDean Acheson and John Foster

Dulles); the Austrian treaty of

1955; and now of BRICK CO. the agreement

1958 cultural on exchange. East What South 11th 3100 man/toewould give you for a pair of tickets Salt City Lake. FOLDINGin Yankee to or Moscow Stadium

see the Russian allstars play soccer BANQUET football against the American allTAB1ES stars? Could the United States put IS YOUR SON OR DAUGHTER

a soccer football team field? in the Prices Direct & READY FOR COLLEGE? to DiscountsOr would one expect to them play

of interChurches, a Schools, profit by they would summer Or football?American And what would

living esting wellorganized Lodges, group and andyou propose for the halftime show? Clubs, experiences? Institutions learning as spoken Such French and all

It may be premature for this type of and German, reading improvement, vocaconsideration. But we are told that tional and educational guidance—a summer

track and field meets are in the enrichment program.

LDS FOR YOUTH SCHOOL VACATION A TRUCKSoffing. is field Track and a x 1518 good Ages storingMONROE

truck Forthe Personnel LDS Operated by toplace easy,either orwayTables begin. handles in have met We

tion of Truck EachandConstrue*storageChairs chairs.permits modernFoldingtablesNo. TSC Storage Transport

in limited space write: information further Forthe Olympics. in Truck No. TS Competition track

and field tends to lie more between sizesWrite andfor typesDiscountsof MONROEand CatalogFoldingshowingTables,54 The Smith Vacation School for and Trucks. Also popular line of Folding Chairs. LDS Youth

Street 108 West THE "WltWlOC COMPANY Ithaca, York NewLewis '249 STREET. CHURCH

facilities available. meeting COLFAX. IOWA Full Church

APRIL 1958 285 Everybody sure likes individuals than between teams of

Table Queen Bread! nations.manners, Theand testssportsmanshipof courtesy,forgoodall

concerned might be easier to pass.

What William James envisioned, as the twentieth century opened, might well be realized in fuller measure as the century moves to a close.

The American approach, like the

Russian, is not to turn all spears into pruning hooks, swords into plowshares, or missiles into mattresses.

The very day the Americans signed the cultural agreement in Washington, John Foster Dulles, the American Secretary of State, was in

Delicious... nourishing Ankara, Turkey, attempting to forge

Rich in milk—contains the non fat solids of a full glass of milk the Baghdad Pact into a NATOlike

shield. Included in his drive was a Enriched with vitamins and iron scheme for new military superhighSail Lake City ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Ogden ways to link Turkey, Iran, Iraq, and

Pakistan, and for joint organization, command, planning, and maneuvers I''// W'M <V V \ of the military forces concerned.

sparkling He said there was plenty of American "mobile force of great power"to back them up. The same day

President Eisenhower asked Congress to enact a billion dollar scienceas a "security lemon lime must,"educationfollowingprograma defense budget request of more than forty billions.

Yet to those who believe in the unending search for truth, of the of words, in the green bottle powerof the ofimpactideas, ofofthought,personality and human lives in social intercourse, the cultural exchange agreement holds out hope for reduction of tension.

with the red label theIn 1958Unitedit isStatesfairly tocommonplacemeet a youngin man who has flown over the North

Pole and set foot on the South Pole after landing at the American base

Get in the Spirit! privilegedthere. Fiftyto yearsmeet ago,Roaldto Amundsenhave been

would have been as almost deemed 7J as remarkable having dined with serve ice esis 5%x%H Polo. Marco Today, of our many

young people have traveled from pole to pole and have been around the world at the equator several times. is The world a neighborTHE Ultimate IN FINE CHOCOLATES!

... Fresh hood. There fences. good must be

Delicious, We seem to be getting them. Russia

Creamy, Handrolled! "wants no more land,"Khruschev

Assorted said at the Indian Embassy in MosButter creams cow, the day the cultural exchange

Handdipped agreement was initialed in Washin the

Finest ington. Our fences will remain

Chocolate. strong. Nonetheless it may well be

Ideal for that if the fences have gates, the special will fences last longer, the provided

Parties and gates are used refences and theOccasions.

spected.

Maxfield's in SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bookrack &KkOF IDAHO THE BANNOCKBy Brigham D. MadsenOF IDAHO

(Continued) Declamatory, SonJust off the press, THE BANNOCK OF IDAHO covers a segment of Northhistory It never west dealt before detail. relates with in the tragic account nets, Chatter—into and Child which

refused a proud of civilizapeople and independent the blandishments who also of is divided. the poetry There is tion their of because warlike attitude, and for who, gained a far themselves

a general index, an invaluable aid morewarrant.importantTheir abilityplace toin arousehistory andthanleadtheirothersmallIndiansnumbersestablishedwould a seemreputato

in finding individual poems. tion which made them feared by the whites as late as the 1890's. The

It is interesting to note also that Mi<Srit MntM Bannocknot desistcontinuouslyfrom hostilitiesopposeduntilwhitethe uncheckedencroachmentfloodonoftheirwhitedomainsettlersandfinallydid m>M of convinced futility the absolute of resistance. themGovernor proclaimed McFarland W. read Here, witness eye accounts of brutal massacres red committed white both the alike, by and man

story of the missionaries'attempt to bring Christianity to Mormon these people, tragic the and account a for Bertha Kleinman Sunday, day the last for is struggle Bannock's ditch survival as a nation. a painfully true story This of the

3, tribute a 1957—asNovember to whiteof man's promises treachery empty and completely which the have destroyed all but 382 Bannock.

one who "has brought honor and frompages, photographs,colored frontispiece,endsheet 12map.illustrationsPrice $5.00fromat yourdrawingsfavoriteby bookMaynardstore orDixonorderStewart,direct from4 illustrationspublisher.

distinction to herself, our State and our Nation, not only through her WRITE FOR FREE CATALOG #88IE, which lists hundreds of volumes of authentic Americana, writings but through her years of wholesome juveniles, outstanding fiction and books on numerous other subjects.

warm and unselfish service to the

Church and her community:..."

-M. C. /. Address "V - *> CAXTON ->.

city state Caldwell, Idaho ART AND PHOTO CREDTS: Publishers of distinctive quality books from the Rocky Mountains for people everywhere.

209, 222, 249, 273, 288, John Davenport;

213, photo courtesy University of Utah Athletic dept.; 222, Walter Lillian; 226229, Lindberg

Industrial Photosurvey; 231, Bob Taylor; 232,

Harold M. Lambert Studios; 234, H. Armstrong

Roberts; 235, 241, Hal Rumel (also cover adaptation); 237239, Croshy; Ronald 242244, Dale Only 20 Extra Seconds Kilbourn; 247, 248, Three Lorin Lions; 250251,

Wiggins; 251, 252, 253, Jeanne Lindorff; 253,

Otto Done; 278, William Beal and RalphReynolds. To Make HOT Starch

Only hot starch penetratesFOOTNOTES AND REFERENCES Saves

FOR ARTICLES:... Makes ironing easyYour Question: Cold starch coats the surface 20 Minutes

n Nephi 13:2427. See also verses 28 and.., Makes ironing hard.

Nephi 9:2324.29.h

3Moses 6:5760. Compare John 5:4-8. Ironing

'Ibid,, 6:65.

Encyclopedia of Religion, edited by Virgilius

Ferm, Time 9The p.Jewish53. 'Encyclopedia, Funk & Wagnalls,

2:499.

Hbid. 8Times and Seasons, 3:905. The easiest starch to iron

Try it... You'll See I

The Lord Is Resurrected

Scriptural references for this article are from Matthew, 27, 28; Mark 16; Luke

24; John 20, 21; Acts 1; I Cor. 15; I Peter COMPLETE SERVICE COPY

3. Photographs copied and Portraits for Book

of Remembrance Portrait Pedigree pages.

The Spoken Word COAT and HAT RACKS FirstLarger copysizes upeachto 3Viface x 4V2—30c. 10cReprintsper print.5c

"The best tranquilizer..."for every Church need Mail or will call. Prompt Service.

(S-4-CT) 4 ft. Checkerette pro- A Graham, Texas, Rotary publication (Author

vides ventilated shelves hat andUnknown coat hangers or 32 coat 2Elbert ) Hubbard, Philistine. Vol. xi, The p. 7. eitherhooks. double (D-4-CT) Checker24A

Character, Confidence and Consistency ette of equal length accommodates hangers 48 on or 64 on hooks. Both Forecast, published by Wheelwright Lithocan setup be disor anywheregraphing Co. Author unidentified.

in assembled less than a minute 2George Humphrey. without nuts, bolts tools, or can be 14 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah like stored folding chairs, will or

stand rigid for years. The double EL 5-4124

The Great Labor of Love forCheckeretteeasy movementcomes on largewhen castersit is assembled. Checkerettes can be in!"A Temple the South Allie, Pacific"-Howe, for assembled "high"robes vestorEra, November 1955. ments, for "normal"adult wraps or 4. 3:1, fEcc. for children. "low"Checkerette expresses The Era its thanks Bieto George ft. Wall 2, in 3 Racks 4 come and IN USE For SEVENTYFIVE YEARSsinger Barbara for and Baigent supplying valuable will lengths and to accommodate upinformation.

foot. per 12 coats hats and running Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

are at wall on They mounted sore throat and other minor for proper heights mouth each age

for Bulletin group. Write CT690

showing other and throat irritations. these and

steel VOGELPETERSON modernCOMPANY People Rack Coat The

Illinois Street. 9. 37th Chicago 1127 West wardrobe units. HALLS REMEDY

Salt Lake City, Utah

APRIL 1958 The Last Word

Jesus will not judge humanity "by the hearing of the ear nor the sight of the eye."—George Q. Cannon.

Dignity does not consist of possessing honors, but Never say anything wrong of anyone, if you are in deserving them. not quite sure about it; and if you are, ask yourself,

Gospel Messenger "Why do I say it?"

That modesty which seems to decline praise is often Sincerity always carries the most weight in our reonly the desire to be praised more delicately. lationship to others. There is something compelling

and genuine which radiates from a sincere person.

The principal obstacles to influencing others are inTake time to think; it is the source of power. sincerity and inconsistency.

Magistrate: "You cannot drive now for two years,

A good example is the best sermon. Unless we live for you're a danger to pedestrians."

up to what we say, we cannot have a lasting influence Defendant: "But your honor, my living depends

on those who look to us for guidance. The world on it.

needs less advice and more worthy examples. Magistrate: "So does theirs."

The grandest of heroic deeds are those which are performed within four walls and in domestic privacy.

—Richter. Economy in our affairs has the

same effect upon our fortunes that breeding has upon our conversation.

Take time to laugh; it is the music of the soul.

Hope is a happy and a healthy passion. Ignorance is the mother of impudence.

288 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How Standard's busy transportation system helps hold down prices of petroleum products

of thousands cars, railroad of Miles flow products oil and of crude Rivers TankersStandardTwenty-six trucks trailers, semitank and trucks, that pipelines of miles 3364 sail through the charter—that we othersplus distribution to products finished move hemiin Western the operates refinStandard to oil moving crude keep toseas airports, marine stations, service points, products to send Also, pay sphere. finished we hundred a thaneries more and military factories and stations, farms, pipelines. companies'other through customers. to A returningproducts either operates Standard installations. lines. Through our use in turn gasoline They enough hold cansupertanker of transporevery form leases nearly or is oil pumped arteries,""steel these years. On 10,000 over car yourto run

oil vital supplies moving. to tation keep feet, as 9500 high as over mountains, smaller and barges tugs, waters,inland

tankers take over the transport job. under rivers and through deserts.

Petroleum progress means..

trip petroleum's travel bargain?—biggest today's What's deliver the to Transportation 55% covers often that journey a you, to oil to refinery well from

will 1968 use by more oil U.S. keep underground. To water and of miles by land, thousands

the "fare"low, Standard serves the Western hemisphere with 1958 1968 a network of tankers, trucks, tank cars and pipelines. 380 million 590 million

They move oil in huge quantities carefully scheduled to match pergallonsday pergallonsday production at the well, refining capacity and our customers'needs. This farflung transportation job is done at a cost so low

it amounts to a fraction of the price per gallon—generally less

than you pay to mail a postcard.

It's one way we work to keep down the price of the gasoline you buy.

OF CALIFORNIA OIL COMPANY STANDARD serve you better ahead to plansNj—without mortgage insurance?

Some people—such as arctic explorers and

small boys who build precariously perched treehouses—like to live dangerously. But most of us

prefer to play it safe... especially when it comes

to home and family.

There is only one thing more pathetic than a home without a mother—and that's a mother

without a home. If the privilege of living in a

home while you are paying for it is worth 5 or 6%

interest, then the knowledge that your family will

always have that home must be worth the additional 1% or 2% that it costs for mortgage

insurance.

Will you leave your family a home—or just the

memory of one? Beneficial Mortgage insurance

makes all the difference.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

Beneficial Life Building Salt Lake City, Utah

Check up now on your householcting foresight...

TjI KE Send for fre folder "The House That )&tk Buill."BENEITICIAXi

Name David O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah

Street or EFD

City, loiis... Sfeie