X

V:,.'I \ //llmprouemenriEra

J \\

'<1:;:: M.:.:::

t am y

s,

.

'.: '%j

"v. -\ m

ifc

s i

APRIL, Now more than ever... it's important to

SA VE FOOD

Your Gas Refrigerator can help you make the most of your ration allowance

/. KEEP PERISHABLES COLD 2 STORE FOODS CAREFULLY

Vitamins and other nutritive elements in To avoid waste, keep meats in your Gas most food are lost when not protected from Refrigerator either uncovered or lightly covair and warmth. By storing foods in your ered with wax paper. Wash green vegetables

Gas Refrigerator between the time they're and remove wilted leaves before placing in bought and prepared for serving, you are vegetable fresheners. Bring warm foods to

sure to retain their full healthful value. room temperature before storing.

i 3, SAVE VEGETABLE JUICES #, USE LEFTOVERS FOR NEW DISHES

The juices left after cooking carrots, spinach, Don't throw away food left over from meals.

celery, onions, etc., are rich in healthbuilding Transfer it to clean, covered containers and

minerals and vitamins. Save this liquid by store in your Gas Refrigerator until ready

straining and keeping safe and cool in your to use. Many tasty dishes can be prepared

Gas Refrigerator. Serve as vegetable cockfrom leftovers—meat loaf, casseroles, sandtail, or use for creamed soups or sauces. wich fillings, jellied salads.

.lasts longe '

isiiefitrOUR GAS COMPANY IS COMMUNITY CENTER FOR l

Facts *to* COME IN FOR LATEST 6t* *** INFORMATION AND ADVICE

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Sales offices in Salt Lake City, Ogden and Provo

I 1 IN WAR AND PEACESERVING TWENTYTHREE UTAH COMMUNITIES il 1 [IS LET'S ALL KEEP BACKINGTHE ATTACK

MATHEMATICS

Historians arc prone to minimize the achievements of Indian America, forgetful of their many signal contributions to the sum of human knowledge. During the centuries following the birth of Christ, when European mathematicians were using the

cumbersome Roman numerals, the

Maya of Yucatan and Guatemala was familiar with a system comparable in

1)00<6 20'fi TWITS

800fr + 80 + Ho + V = 88'Pf

t

|| Z 200* 11 = 10

MAYA

'If there isn 't enough 8000'2 H0'8 IO's UNITS

Sb Irradiated Sego Milk for 8000 +800 + + H= 8goHefficiency with the Arabic system. The everybody, save enough

Maya system was vigesimal; they knew

the value of the zero and had a sign for

it. multiplication, mechanics of The adfor the babies"

dition, subtraction, division were and familiar to them.

The Aztecs were familiar with a simplified vigesimal system similar in That's what Sego Milk Company is asking grocers to do. And

its essential features to the Maya in places where there has been shortage on account of transmethod. Units from one to nineteen

were expressed by lines, dots, or fingers. portation problems, or for any other reason, grocers have re-

A flag represented twenty, but it could sponded splendidly.

be quartered and shaded to indicate five, ten, or fifteen. The symbol for 400 Doctors prescribe Irradiated Sego Milk for babies because,

was a feather or a tuft of hair. This

glyph could also be partially shaded to sterilized in the sealed container, it is surely free from harmful express a part of 400. germs—irradiated, it is extra rich in precious

The next step in the vigesimal system sunshine vitamin D which helps build straight, was the symbol for 8,000, which tookthe form of an incense pouch carried by strong bones and sound even teeth—homogenthe priests. By the combining of these ized, it is always easier for babies to digest.

four symbols a sizeable number could be expressed. The Aztecs had a different symbol for each position and exSego Milk Products Company

Originator of Evaporated Milk juxtafigure cumulativepressed by a in the Intermountain West usingposition. the same Maya, The

symbol in each position, found the use Plants at Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl. Idaho

of the zero necessary.

APRIL, 1944 193

<27fe Jhe Lcover Pose, % "Era Improvement"THE GLORY OF GOD IS INTELLIGENCE uvne

APRIL, 1944 VOLUME 47, NO. 4

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement

Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward

Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints

Uke (Ldtford J-aae By Jessie A. Swigart

Some Paragraphs from Life President Heber J. Grant 203 Leaves gleaming sillaurel the in ver dedeep-seated THE hedge

for liberty sire has frog's chuckle hoarse A Jeatu,re& Lnurck persistent cry a been farther at edge the earliest recorded from lily a Indians"the to Of 210 Juanita "Apostle Brooks Hamblin, Jacob pool—how the in history. Yet

is! the garden sweet Style Philadelphia "The Story"—New aucentury eighteenth

fair day! the How Chaplain, U.S.A. 212 Durham, L. Marsden secured so had tocracy the wind, keen How that of firm Recreation hold a 220 Joseph when Cannon Overview Mormon J. An this and

of Lexthe minutemen Reconciliations: There Evidences and leafy LXXVII—Are Remembered Concord ington and 225 Angels? Widtsoe A. Guardian John smell of seasoned

their stand, maintained loam! 220 222 Messages Mutual Church Moves The On fired the "... they milder other days a Auxiliaries....222 for In Assignments 236 Music Page the heard shot round will wind roam California Priesthood: Genealogy: 232 Melchizedek Old result as a world."and pale open buds Mission Where 209 237 Records Seventy

their indomitable of in way.....219, a Spirituality, wondrous Tithing Leand 233 NoLiquor-Tobacco elsecourage, people the spring, with Now, 237 land 234 Aaronic H. Monson asserted themwhere

... flacblossoms, dead 235 Teaching Ward greater to selves win cid, gray,

freedom. The ghosts of sumof the This study

stands minuteman in Special jreaLealured mer'sgone—andbloom,here are

hand Beneath a my Concord, Massachu204 L> Folly Rigdon's Zundel George

I miracle! share is setts, the and work of Factions, Following Joseph Apostate the Martyrdom fruitfulness of French, photoThe of D. C. 205 E. Cecil Smith McGavin mellowed graphed H. Armby soil—not for 207 the Service B Hour..Hugh Thoughts Man's Quiet Brown mine strong Roberts.

Man Looked to God in Ancient Days Levi Edgar Young 208 But for a season, Lord,

The Spoken Word from Temple Square....Richard L. Evans 214 my rose, my vine.

Pioneer Diary of Eliza R, Snow—Part XIV—Conclusion... 218

Indian Mathematics, Charles Homing: Grandma's TenYear

Editors E. Dibble 193 Test, Laura Morrison 226 Executive and Editorial

Offices: 227 the Universe, Hints FrankHandy J. Grant Exploring Heber

Street, 195 Corner, lin S. Harris, North Josephine B. Cook's Main 50 Jr A. John Widtsoe

1 1, City Salt Utah. Telefacts 228 Nichols Lake 96

Managing Editor Aids to Gardening, Robert H. Put Your Best Frames ForCopyright 1944 by MuRichard L. Evans BooksDaines 200, 2381 97 Newsward,from Peterthe CampsHunt 230231 porationtual Funds,of Inc.,the aYoungCorAssociate Editors Optimism, The Great PhysiIndex to Advertisers 241 Men's Mutual ImprovePuzzle....250 Scriptural Kellogg..202 Crossword of the Harvey John ment Association Marba C.

of and Ours Josephson Alcoholcian, Harry Page H. Christ on Wheels, Your of Jesus 256 Church William Mulder

2 1 Porter All Saints. Latterday

General Manager rights reserved. Subscription year, a price, $2.00 George Q. Morris

single in advance; 20c Cditoriald

Associate Manager copy.

Lucy G. Cannon Conference Notice 224 Entered at the Post The Known Way William Mulder 224 Office, Salt Lake City,

Business Manager Suppliants William Mulder 224 Utah, as secondclass

John K. Orton matter. Acceptance for

mailing at special rate of National Representatives Advertising Jtoried, ioetiv sectionpostage 1 provided1 03, Act offorOcin tober, authorized 1917, 206 P. Sharp James Rock Temple Francis Mayo, M. July 1918. 2, S. 216 Salt Andersen Hortense City Lake Blessed That Mourn They Are Era Improvement The

S. Townsend, Edward the Vine, Kate Day, Rose, Remember Poem, is My My for responsible not unFrancisco San 2 194 Wagstaff Swigart A. Mrs. 1 solicited manuscripts, but

Bolle, and Dougan Lilith Shell 230 198, Dreaming, 199 Poetry PageJ. contributions. welcomes

Chicago and Ellsworth....236 Freedom, Orval Lalia Frontispiece: Woodpile,

All be manuscripts must York New Edith Son, SmallJ. LovelL255 a 201 Mitchell Thornton To

suffiby accompanied Member, Audit Bureau of wL iffi riflf <nflf i'cient postageand return.for delivery Circulations

C RCULATION FOR THIS ISSUE: 92,000

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA X-bf

IN THE MISSIONS, AT HOME, thsLlAmvsiAdJL ABROADBy DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Latterday Saints Everywhere C* EOLOGISTS have at last been able to * stages during all a volcano watch its miles buy through our mail order service! existence.o 200 El Paricutin,

west of Mexico City, became 550 feet high in one week, and in ten weeks 1 100 feet high with a cone made from fragments blown into the air, lava not apHOW TO BE WELL.$2.00

D. By LEAH WIDTSOE until four volcano thepearing was

and menus recipes to help you live the volcano, almostweeks old. The now a WordHundredsof Wisdom.of healthbuilding

year old, was 1500 feet high in the first eight months. A VOICE FROM THE DUST $3.00

By DEE GENET BINGHAM illustrated. 7V single drop of moisture divided and The Book of Mormon A consistent "best** distributed inside a half million inseller."

candescent electric lamps will cause PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH.. $2.50

early blackening in all of them. By PRESTON NIBLEY

The only book of its kind. Upto-date, inspirational.

Come grains which could not germinate for years have germinated very soon THE RESTORED CHURCH $2.00

when exposed to the action of frost. By WILLIAM E. BERRETT

With many seeds a temporary lowering New edition of this popular history is ready. Used in seminaries

of the temperature is necessary for gerand by M.I.A. Special Interest groups.

mination, and with many others such a treatment favors germination. It seems THE STORY OF THE MORMON PIONEERS..$2.00

that frost itself is not necessary, but a By MABEL S. HARMER

sufficiently wide change in temperature. The great story written expressly and successfully for young people.

Some seeds have their germinating qualities improved by heat treatment, JOSEPH SMITH, AN AMERICAN PROPHET....$3.00

and some by alternately warming and By JOHN HENRY EVANS cooling them. Nonmembers applaud this book for its frank, courageous praise of

> the Prophet. Members read it with enthusiasm and delight.

Africa, of the South BushmenA mong 1.75 IN*"* WITNESS FOR CHRIST A NEW AMERICAN are, that the Fritsch found women By FRANCIS W. KIRKHAM a inch the average, an and abouton

of in array the support of evidence A powerful Book of Mormon.

half taller the than men.

+ There are scores of others. Send for our price list. Tell us what you want,

'TThe air from the lungs of a flute player and we'll get it, if it's in print.

A travels out at the velocity of an average hurricane, even when he plays low notes. The range of air pressure is It DESERET singers. the as that forabout BOOK same

44 East South Temple Street, COMPANYP. O. Box 958 that established players of not beenhas

flutes, trumpets, and other wind instruSalt Lake City 10, Utah greater runments risk of lung diseases Publishers and Distributors for the person. ordinary thethan

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Cix haveof theanplanetsatmosphere,in the solarbut systemof the thirty moons in the solar system the only moon having an atmosphere is Titan, a satellite of Saturn, which has an atmosComforting in a time of stress phere of methane and perhaps some ammonia. Faithpromoting at all times

Tn the Sahara Desert the flea does not * exist. Malaria is unknown except atthe oases, and bacterial life is so scarce GOSPEL STANDARDS

that even severe wounds heal easily without antiseptic treatment. by President Heber J. Grant

persons to higher going study of A ** altitudes, three to get On sale at Bookdealers everywhere allowing days acclimatized, found that the number of 384 pages—$2.25

red cells and the amount of hemoglobin in the blood increases with altitude.

{Concluded on page 196) APRIL 1944 195 %JQtoMtmHjkb TEtEFACT ENROLLMENT TRENDS

IN U. S. PUBLIC SCHOOLS

HIGH ELEMENTARY SCHOOLS SCHOOLS

h A A A 1} A (ft ED (ft [ft {ft 1930 "\ AAAAA AAAAA

1944 WAA Each symbol represents 2 millionMpupils two? PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION. 4

/-""ITEMEMBER when you could EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE \J/\ phone for i lower berth on tonight's train, and when you ar- {Concluded fcom page 195) reefs walllike around the outer edge rived a taxi took you to your favHFhe1 AthensParthenonin 438 B.C.was completedTo constructin of lagoons of constant depth.

orite hotel, and you told the room and maintain it for two decades followft ems have been found with animals clerk "I want a room with windows ing, cost about five hundred times as "* and birds engraved on them as as Lions, the eighth century B.C.

as as late were on two sides"—and you got it? muchA. Oldfatheras the Librarymade thisof estimateCongress.on W.the whichearly found in Greece

And remember that big, sizzling basis of the value of money, the size of the sixth century B.C., were the favorsteak, those three servings of butter the population, and their relative ability ite, followed in popularity by the horse,

in the hotel's dining room? to pay. then the bull. Also illustrated were the

4 wild boar, deer, the eagle, and the Ah, yes—those were the days. TPhe wood pewee sings in two quite heron.

War has changed many hotel -* different styles. Its more elaborate 4

sunrise sunset, is given song before to leaves and T Tickory have been found that services, please understand but * beginning before, about 1 7 minutes from * collect rareearth in conelements its in is doing hotel every America not a for during used song perch in the siderable strange quantity a example best to serve you well. You can day. of the accumulation of chemical elestill get a comfortable room at the 4 ments by living organisms. Cerium, one

TPhere Hotel Utah when you take the A moonarewhichabout are30,000visible.craters on the ofcentthegasrareearths,mantles. is used in incandesprecaution of reserving it well in

advance of your trip. And in the 'T'he atolls, such as Bermuda, the ""Phe sea level at the deepest part of

Utah's Empire Room and Coffee Carolines, the Marshalls and Truk, the Pacific Ocean in the Ramapo just east are about reaching volcanic would mountains be of Japan up Depth

Shop there's still a tempting and feet higher if the water eight hundred to within of the sea the bottom from varied menu to choose from, at prices three hundred feet of the surface, with were not compressed by pressure of the well below your expectations. a cap of coral, usually with the living water above it.

And please remember—your

visits are always welcomed! TELIFACT

NUMBER OF U. S. FARMS STOP GROWING

!S50

Each symbol represents 500,000 farms

PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA petition of vegetable plants with tree roots for soil moisture and nutrients to cause many garden failures. JUs GARbENING Plan Your Garden

By Dr. Robert H. Dairies

TTS more and more people are freed Associate Plant Pathologist, Plan your garden to insure the best

LX from enemy oppression, increased New Jersey Agricultural Experiment Station utilization of available space, and an * * quantities of food will be required adequate and continuous supply of a for shipment abroad. Perhaps this is one tion mentioned above, the U. S. Departwide variety of nutritious vegetables for

reason why the forecasts are for a rement of Agriculture, (Washington, D. table use. Where the garden space is

duction in civilian food supplies for C. ), publishes some excellent literature adequate the plans should also provide

1944. With such a curtailment in proson gardening. Such a publication en- a supply of vegetables for canning and

pect, the well cared for home garden titled "Victory Gardens,"listed as home storage.

becomes not just a saving to the family Miscellaneous Publication No. 483, is Valuable garden space can be saved

budget, or a means of insuring nutriwell worth writing for. by placing early plantings of lettuce,

tious, appetizing, wellbalanced diets, radishes, spinach, and other shortbut a patriotic duty. Garden Site seasoned crops in the row and between

plants, larger, growing the of slow rows garden, planning attention should a Tn is etc. Reliable as tomatoes, cabbage, such This Gardening Information * selection suitable given to be the of a especially the true crop main where

site, vegetable garden should step garden in the creation The first of a good A plant is set after the garden a few weeks located soil welldrained that be is togarden a on secure inreliable good, is increasstarted. of Another method

formation on all phases of gardening. has grown vegetables, flowers, grass or ing the productivity of your garden is

Such information is available, free for weeds well. The location should reto follow shortseasoned crops, such as

the asking, from your stake agricultural ceive at least six hours, preferably peas, beets, lettuce, etc., with planting

advisory committee, your local victory more, of direct sunlight each day. Comof beans, carrots, turnips, beets, cabgarden committee, or agriyour county is It fall etc., use. for bage, winter and

cultural agent. this of advantage Take also plantsuccession of to a wise make

free information. It to prove be may ings that vegetables of conso a many

helpful inmost planning raising a and available tinuous be supply maysuccessful garden. For example, in buyseason. the of growing throughout most

ing for seed garden, your will you do to housewives, however, Hke Manywell to varieties buy to, adapted and plantings large or have one enough two that are resistant to diseases to common their to requirecare of take canning area.your Information the on long, best ments, to so as an unduly avoid

varieties plant, to planting etc., dates, canning out season. drawn

are for yours asking. the to in the be garden The crops grown In addition to the sources of informa- {Continued on 229) page

There is No Substitute for Education

ONCE AGAIN THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH PRESENTS A MOST COMPLETE AND DIVERSIFIED SUMMER SESSION, ONE GEARED TO FIT THE NEEDS OF ALL STUDENTS.

DATES TO REMEMBER

JUNE 12 TO AUGUST 26—FULL SUMMER QUARTER

JUNE 12 TO JULY 21—FIRST OR SIX WEEKS'SESSION

JULY 25 TO AUGUST 26—POST SESSION

Those who desire may obtain a full summer quarter's work now that the state university is operating on an accelerated wartime program. Others will prefere to attend the sixweek session and still others

the post session, or both.

An outstanding visiting faculty in addition to many regular members of the state university's staff will be in residence throughout the summer.

SPECIAL FREE INSTITUTE FEATURES 1. School Administrators Conference—June 12 to 16.

2. Family Life Institute (Featuring the noted Dr. William E. Blatz)—June 19 to 21.

3. Institute on InterAmerican Affairs (Featuring John Tate Lanning)—June 22 and 23.

4. Institute on Professional Relations—June 27.

5. Institute on Social Security (Featuring Dr. Karl de Schweinitz)—July 10 to 14.

For Summer School Bulletin—Address President's Office

Salt Lake City UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

APRIL, 1944 197 ry

OF THAT FIRST EASTER GOOD PLANTINGS

By Dott J. Sartori By Anne Pendleton

in beets, garden now, plant my first the that of gospels did say I What lettuce in corn; In and Easter—

I All well miss but approved; O, the writer Luke, and John? Mark, Matthew,

in the fragrance morn The the cover black morocco wide Open flourished, flowers essences Where the of that again glory dawn. And know born. hyacinth were Of

Now, when I cannot have the blooms,

And feel a soul apart, I plant the gentle seedlings PORTRAIT OF SPRING Deep, deep within my heart.

By Thelma Ireland SPRING CONQUEST April invaded the valley

With footsteps so airy and light, Helen Maring

But March still hides in the hillsides;

The canyons of snow streak them white. Hues of colors are recruited

By the armies of the sun;

These etchings of snow in the canyons Training in the fields of springtime

Make green vie with white, half and half. Watch their mighty legions run!

It is a gay portrait of April Sweeping victories of beauty

On which March signed her autograph. That the heart of man may thrill

April is the time of conquest...

See the sentry daffodil!

MORNING AFTER

By Eva Willes Wangsgaard

table. the to clear stayed

cloth shining NoSeeonethe damask

Patterned by the wind with snowflakes

When your dealer says: "Sorry, I Lighter than a silver moth.

haven't any Mrs. J. G. McDonald's SeeGlisteningthe statelyin candelabra,the crystal dawn,

Chocolates today,"please understand Which so lately were the grapevines

Bordering a sunny lawn.

his problem. He is unable to supply

But we need not stop to question your demands at all times for these Who ate dinner here. I know.

worldfamous chocolates because, See.FeatherstitchedThe starlingsacrossleft thetheanswersnow.

like many other famous foods, these chocolates are in great demand by the armed forces. HOUSE AFTER YOUR OWN HEART

By Lucretia Penny This demand just doesn't leave darkness comes, on moving day, As that's house new and small—Photograph bg Wayne B. Hales A enough to go around. Mrs. J. G. its kettle singing Sets

all light in DAFFODIL PARADE a makes McDonald its curtains close draws Its lamps and By Vera White the outside shut world firsr—as weis answeringknow you warwouldneedsdo. ToAnd

it awaits helmets gleam your frown of doubt, Yellow of pride So, be patient with your dealer—WhileYour smile stream; In trumpetsilent

which sign by you show it The in line and close Smooth and keep remembering Mrs. J. G. is lost Its cause or won. daffodils parade, The

must house win lancestraight A little their shade your heart Above McDonald's Chocolates. Their worldit little All houses know design. In precision of

famous goodness will be all yours in In little ways, or none.

In length of yellow march, adequate quantity as soon as the war And tall with new green starch,

The candle daffodils is won. Hold their color high,

SUNSET KISSES And from a springnew sky light spills. By Genevieve J. Van Wagenen A matching gold

Have you wondered where the colors go flowers fade and die? RELEASE When

I the found night imaza/ Last answer Jean Anderson By CHOCOLATE in the sky. In a sunset,

his released lark the song flowers loved your garden, Today COMPANY The liquid note, April, too, gracious manner, an Your With

WORLDFAMOUS FOR QUALITY And wanted just another chance And I put winter from my heart,

Manufactured in Salt Lake City To throw a kiss to you. As he, from out his throat.

198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE MAGIC CURTAIN By Gertrude Perry Stanton

daydream is a lovely, fragile thingA Woven of silken threads so fine and sheer, Fibers of longing, hope, and rays of cheer,

Echoes of birdsong, and a scent of spring.

Sometimes when life is harsh, and hearts are sore,, A daydream drops its shimmering curtain down.

To shut out chilling fear, or unkind frown Tinting with rosy hues some opened door.

Rough strokes may often crudely sketch the real, No grace or beauty in its form oudined;

And only daydreams help us hold in mind

The cherished pattern of a high ideal.

Tread softly and speak gently, lest you rend

Some dream that helps a broken heart to mend.

SPRING WASHING

By Norma Wrathall

T Tow clean the sky has washed her face rain the night that lasted through In.

the no fuss. peaks to dry mountainAnd on.nosmmtM

white; laundry, her pinned snowyHas

pastel of dainty shadeBut clothes With a Utah Oil Coupon took

She draped on loops the rainbow made.

It's simple when you carry a Utah Oil Coupon Book. You

just tear out the correct amount in Coupons to pay for gasoBREAD line, oil and other Utah Oil services. Then there's no need

to search for small change or to wait for change from a large

By Mary C. Shaw bill when you're in a hurry. Utah Oil Coupon Books are a

A Butfragranthow muchloaf moreof breadthan justthat!baked... handyin ten dollarsize, toodenominations.... shaped to fit your wallet, and they come

into the seed ground, broadcastPlump.. truckers, transporters, businessmen. even "A"plant War richgreen sprouting, mat,A of Oil convenience prefer the Utah drivers ease and card sun, the reaching springtimeSpears toward

A verdant field of grain Coupon Books. Ask your Utah Oil service man or woman

All windblown into coundess waves for one today.

Refreshed by gentle rain.

At last, filled heads stand goldenripe are there; harvestersAnd

sacks of wheatWith now threshed and clean Let Us Help Keep Your Car

The miller does his share.

luscious scent of loaf freshbakedThat In Fighting Trim V**-o**...Calls youngsters play in from

"Come on! Let's have our bread and jam!

It's mother's baking day!"UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY

STATIONS AND DEALERS IN ITS PRODUCTS

EASTER LILY

By Zelda Davis Howard A DEEPLY moving story fresh as the sea breezes of Norway

I said, dead,"bulb** 'HPis "The is dead, and stable as the mountains of Utah.

* Dried dead, and and brown It's wasted time to place it here

In so choice a bed.

"To look for life in such a thing

Leaves bloom, and and bud IN THE GOSPEL NET to rare scent fragranceFor again

Hours within my room."

by Dr. John A. Widtsoe

I wondered doubting as I kept Watch of it each day One morn I looked and there was life,

Green above the clay. On sale by bookdealers everywhere

A bud white as the robe he wore,

Bloomed for Easter Day, 140 pages $1.25

"There is no death,"my soul cried out, "Christ has crossed its way."

APRIL, 1944 199 (Bookdu Ztmen you.See && PETERS(Olive W.STORYBurt. Illustrated.GOES TOHenryPRESS

Holt & Company, New York.

1943. 112 pages. $2.00.

T)eter became interested in the paper be- * cause his uncle earned the right to a byline. With his uncle, on his day off, Peter OVERLAND went through the institution—and learned

to his amazement that it took more than a reporter to get the news. Such things as

teletype machines, radios, telephones, letters, and carrier pigeons play an important GREYHOUND part in bringing the news to the press. But

Operated by theto accompanyreal thrill camehis unclewhen onhe wasa realpermittedassignment, write up a bit for himself, and follow it right through all the processes until it UNION PACIFIC STAGES turned out a fullfledged story by Kid, not

Cub, Reporter. M. C. J.

THERE'S NO FRONT LIKE HOME (Robert M. Yoder. Illustrated. Houghton,

Mifflin Company, Boston, Mass.

1944. 115 pages. $2.00.)

to these that route will Chicago from you know will slender the preface to volume the other coast operated are by the The than buses any west in store the treat to as give idea some for see or bus line. 14 companies same your Phone who relaxation: of in "This for the reader need

years have carried more trafticket agent for bus transporis a partial account of a side of the war fic over the historic Overland tation information. that has not been heroic, but has a certain

confusing charm all its own—the civilian

side. It is dedicated to all cash customers

who are Rationed and Frozen; who are or

have been Overage, Nonessential, or NonOVERLAND deferrable; who have found themselves

1-A, 2-B, or 3-A, going on 4-F; whose Victory Gardens didn't grow much, and who GREYHOU don't rate anything more than an A card."l/Af5 The author takes the reader through the

Operated by maze of Drop that Raise, Come Live with

UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INCORPORATED Me, and Be My Maid, We Must Cut Down,

When Life Comes in the Door, Taxes Will

Beat the Axis, or, I'm a Little Beat Myself, right down to Great Day in the Morning.

And the reader will enjoy every breezy minute of the book. M. C. J.

GOD'S FRONT PORCH (Ketti Frings. William Morrow and

Company, New York. 1944.

121 pages. $2.00.)

This amazingly different kind of novel will find a receptive audience among people who today are reevaluating their beliefs.

The author takes people from the battlefield and moves them into a way station on their road to heaven. The feature that will amaze

and delight Latterday Saints is that the author depicts this region as a continuation of earthlife, in activities and interests and even in prejudices. And another feature that

is worthy of note is that God performs another miracle, proving his persistent interest in earth. That the book is fiction will

not act as a deterrent to the fact that the story is conducive to the development of faith.—M. C. J.

RUSSIA AND POSTWAR EUROPE (David }. Dallin. Yale University Press,

New Haven, Conn. 1943.

230 pages. $2.75.)

has had author, Russian a by birth, The as exile Russia both to study occasion and as patriot. His careful study of the Russian system has borne fruit in an earlier

volume, Soviet Russia's Foreign Policy, 19391942, to which volume this latter is a sequel. He limits himself in his analysis to

VUherever cJhey C/o... thetion Europeanto it, andsituationstates: and"TheRussia'sconclusionsrelaformulated in this book may appear to many

the ERA will follow them and keep them close to the church. as none too optimistic. They may especially upset the rosy hopes of those who ex12 issues $2.00 pect the present war to end in an era of uni-

{Concluded on page 238) 200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Photograph—Keystone Virtv Go.

, WOODPILE cJLaiia rvfLtckell Jh omionti

rom year to year it seasoned in the sun, 7

Wood that was left when days of spring grew warm.

Wood cut and piled against the time of storm

And left unused, the need for grate fires done.

Some logs in miniature, of sturdy oak,

And some of elm, they burn so long a time,

And maple cut when it was in its prime,

And cedar giving off a fragrant smoke.

Apple from trees a windstorm brought to grief,

And pine that fell, no one remembers how,

And beech and birch and hemlock, neighbors now,

Known by their bark, though long devoid of leaf.

The speckled hen once brooded here by stealth,

And brought her chickens out, proud of the trick.

Sometime, perhaps, I'll burn the last dry stick

And yet a woodpile gives a sense of wealth.

APRIL, 1944 201 0, tiwiidm r Look upward and outward and cheer up.

Fear kills. Hope makes alive.

Fear is paralyzing poison. Hope, the

best of tonics.

Fear is darkness, death, despair.

Hope is sunshine, life, and energy. Fear

never saved anybody. Hope has rescued multitudes whose cases seemed

beyond help.

But what is this monster, Fear?

fancy—aAbsolutelyshadow—anothing psychologicbut a mentaldisease. Fear is not a person nor a force.

It has no power to harm anyone without his assistance and cooperation in yielding to its blighting influence.

Fear is a creature of the mind. It does

not really exist. "Fearthought"is a

destructive force. It builds only obstacles, produces only scarecrows,

ghosts, and bugaboos.

Fear is the ugly offspring of pessimism and cowardice—an enemy—a mischiefmaker—a sneakthief and a false

prophet. "Fearthought"wastes energy, creates disease, robs you of peace, and predicts failure when success is just at hand.

Cease to look at the black ghosts of despair. Fix your eyes on the brighthued blossoms of hope. Cease introspection. Look forward. Look no longer

downward, but turn your face toward the eternal sky. Is there a Doctor The Infinite Power that made you is

hovering about you with healing in his wings. Cheer up!—Dr. John Harvey

Kellogg.? in the Hcxuse

Dear Reader, don't be alarmed... it's not that serious.

The young man with the pained expression is just our

Permanent PinUp Boy... for the present emergency.

We keep his picture as a constant reminder that millions of mothers and housekeepers are getting along on limThe Great Physician ited supplies of FelsNaptha Soap. Sometimes even f** od works through agencies, but it is

doing without. And being pretty patient about it. -* he that works. The physician does

not heal us; the treatments do not heal

You have our assurance that we are making as much us;throughit isallthethe divineagenciesPoweremployedworkingthat

of this famous soap as we can. That we're making heals. Let us all lay hold of this great

source of comfort and cheer; and if we

it as fast as we can. That we're trying feel disheartened and gloomy, look up,

to give every grocer his fair share. for there is a great power who is able

to do for us all that we need to have

If you use FelsNaptha Soap done.I wish this thought would find its way

that into everyone's Power mind—the carefully—and shop persisand a us is a father, a brother, made tently—we believe you'll friend, not an angry deity who arbitrariget your share, too. ly chastises us for our sins by causing

us sorrow and pain. Our sufferings are

in general the consequence of our own wrongdoing, and our Maker is doing all he can to heal us of the results, converting and restoring us as far as we will let him, and will cooperate with

Kellogg. John Harvey

of permission FELSNAPTHA SOAP banishes"TattleTale Gray'him.—Dr.(Reprinted by Good Health)

202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jome [araarapks from cJLlte

resident J4eber d. Ljrant Dm r

v you and I were never to speak or write because others possessed greater literary or oratorical3 ability than we did, I am afraid that our lights would always be hidden under a bushel. The only way to do is to put one talent to usury if we ever hope to

catch up with the fellow who has two.

Referring to agitation and opposition, I will say that it has been my experience on more than one occasion that agitation, unless one is exceedingly careful as to the manner and the spirit prompting such agitation and opposition, ofttimes finds the agitator coming out second best, and, in the providences of the Lord, receiving his just deserts.

I realize that God's ways are not as man's. I endorse this with all my heart, and somehow

or other it is very seldom that I have been able to fix things for the Lord to do, and have him do it my way. For example, some years after I became an apostle, I looked down the list of

those in the quorum below me, and there was but one man that I had decided the Lord ought to choose, but I am willing to admit that as the years came and went, I discovered that each man whom the Lord chose developed under the inspiration of the Lord so that I was thoroughly convinced that he was a far better man for the position, almost without exception, than the individual whom I would like to have seen occupying the position.

There are some who are forever asking to know what the Lord wants of them, and who seem to be hesitating on that account. I am thoroughly convinced that all the Lord wants of

you and me or of any other man or woman in the church is for us to perform our full duty and keep the commandments of the Lord. * * *

There are those who make themselves unnecessarily unhappy by taking offense where none was intended, and by feeling that there is lack of appreciation of their efforts where there was not the slightest intention on the part of those whom they thought unappreciative to slight them or to fail in being appreciative.

The longer I live the more thoroughly I become convinced that a great many of our cares and troubles in life are imaginary, and that we spend much of our time worrying about things which may happen, but which never do. For example, for seven or eight years I fretted myself

nearly to death over my financial condition, but, in the providences of the Lord I finally got out of debt, and I would no doubt have got out quicker and been in a better state of health had I done less worrying. * * *

It is not the food we look at and think is delicious which is of benefit to us, but only such as we eat and digest. Neither is it the grand feast that adds most to our strength and comfort

and aids us to perform well in the battle of life, but on the contrary ofttimes the most simple food gives the only good and lasting benefits to those who partake of it. So, also, it is not

always the feast prepared by the learned that adds to our strength to do nobly and manfully our duty in the battle of life, but ofttimes the teachings from the most humble find a response in our hearts and very souls which add to our strength to press on and do our duty in the daily struggle for improvement.

Let us in thought, word, and deed give the best that is in us for the Lord's work, and then shall our eternal and everlasting reward be beyond the power of man or angels to tell.

Jne (Ldltordor 5 fcraw f APRIL. 1944 203

f\ladon 5 Folly

bright day in September 1845,Onetwo strangers on horseback apalong the Mercerspeared riding ASSISTANT PROFESSOR, STATE COLLEGE in Antrim townpike burgGreencastle ship, Franklin County, Pennsylvania. PENNSYLVANIA

that their evident actions it wasFrom

::-. ''': -.. ''-., "':. for searching very somethingthey were

important. They frequently stopped,

looked over the country, and engaged in earnest conversation. As they

reached the top of the bridge spanning the Conococheague Creek, about one and a half miles west of Greencastle, they brought their horses to a halt and for some time minutely surveyed the country to the north. The object of

their search had evidently been found.

They were viewing the four hundredacre farm of Andrew G. McLanahan, I

Esq. Before them was the meandering

Conococheague Creek with its willowed banks and its sparkling waters on their way to join the waters of the mighty Potomac. They were looking

on some of the richest farm land in the famous Cumberland Valley of PennsylAN RIGDON AS BY BARN USED SIDNEY scene.vania. peaceful a It was AUDITORIUM in 3, April 1846, Mr. cash and on Mcis said, Presently one "This of them Xundei George L. by—Photograph additional $5,400. paid an Lanahan wasthe the place has us in shown Lord

judgment a took a gave and deed He cityvisions of of the site the the to be tradesexcellent also many numbered the of balance for money due—$8,700 long Jerusalem."afterward Notnew

his adherents. more 1, men among 1847. April What—payable their strangersthese were on two way attain success? to could want any possesman at took purchasers once The Pittsburgh to to their findreportback

failed, they accordingly they But and there the of sion were and soon farm...ings. decided to find a more rural area. They from one hundred fifty to two hundred

Collowing the martyrdom of Joseph had sent out the scouts that appeared in members of the organization living in * "Smith, Sidney Rigdon, with about Antrim township in September 1845. the farm buildings and in nearby Greenthree hundred followers came east and They were looking for a location for castle. Rigdon and some of nis assotried to establish a church in or near the new home. ciates occupied a house on the corner

Pittsburgh. They did much preaching, of Carlisle and Madison streets in

established a paper, but their efforts VIEW OF CONOCOCHEAGUE CREEK NEAR Greencastle. This is the present home

only brought opposition from older inMcLANAHAN FARM of G. Fred Zeigler, editor of the local

—Photograph by George L. Zundel Greencastle paper, The EchoPilot.

A vailable reports indicate that there ** was not much activity in building the New Jerusalem or even the proposed magnificent temple. There was

a church organization consisting of

Sidney Rigdon as president, and Samuel

James and Ebenezer Robinson as the two counselors. Elder Robinson was

also church printer. The first newspaper in this part of the state was also

published by Ebenezer Robinson and J.

Kilbourn as editors, The Conococheague Herald, a weekly newspaper.

Although this paper has changed names several times it is still published weekly as The EchoPilot. Elder Robinson was

a welltrained man and his publications were of a high quality. It is strange,

however, to note that he makes no menhabitants. From all points of view, Shortly after the McLanahan farm tion of any religion in the thirteen numRigdon should have succeeded. He had had been chosen as the site of the New bers of The Conococheague Herald that

had much previous experience in church Jerusalem, Peter Boyer, a wealthy he published.

organization and the handling of men. farmer of Allegheny, Pennsylvania, As soon as Rigdon and his coreli-

He was an eloquent speaker and had came to Greencastle, Pennsylvania, and gionists took possession of the farm touched men's souls with his preaching. arranged with Andrew G. McLanahan they equipped its large barn as an audiNumbered among his followers were to buy his farm of four hundred acres for torium. Here the people of the neighmen of talent and men of wealth. He $14,700. Six hundred dollars was paid (Continued on page 245)

204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

APOSTATE FACTIONS

I Sidney Rigdon *jrollc wma theu%e / v lanuraowi'turclt

Following the martyrdom of Joseph and Hyrum Smith in Carthage on

June 27, 1844, it seems there were1 a few who took advantage of the crisis or /joSephipi Smith in furthering their own interests.

One of the first to advance his selfish scheme was Sidney Rigdon, the only In a revelation given to Joseph Smith By surviving member of the first presiin 1841 it was said of Sidney Rigdon, lift his shall again voice "and he up on E. he dency. months For not CECIL had been McGAVIN inthe bemountains, a be spokesman in terested the to enough church remain 1 and Historian's the Church of face."fore questioned why my When in the give full and cause his Nauvoo Office the he did not to Mountains, go Rocky time support, and but his had made

home in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. he replied that the Lord had reference

in the to not Pennsylvania, mountains learned Rigdon of the When Sidney

'. in far the the also west. Rockies He of martyrdom and Joseph Hyrum, he think persons they already have Some that all in the Bible references argued

; to hastened to the assume Nauvoo suffered to heaven. obtain Such enough to the the of the tops mountains and of leadership the church, claiming to in persons put Rigdon. mind of Sidney me Saints gathering to the mountains meant

that said to suffered obenough he had who the in Alleghenies Pennsylvania.

... tain salvation.

CidneymensurateRigdon'swithsuccesshis wasconceit.not comHis causeWithinwas aabandonedfew yearsbyRigdon'shis few lostfolconverts were largely limited to the dislowers, most of whom united with James

gruntled who were jealous of the in- J. Strang or other selfappointed leadfluence of Brigham Young and the ers. Rigdon himself deserted the strickTwelve. en cause and returned to the community

The Prophet Joseph Smith had read where he had spent his youth. Here he

Rigdon's heart as an open book, for lived until 1 876, one year before Presiin reason which he dent Brigham favor of releasdif- was Young first ing the from ferent him presidency. paths,died—yet how were their The

day before the martyrdom he had said of this conniving man, "Could my brother, it i:*"'Hyrum, but be liberated,

would not matter so much about me.

Poor Rigdon, I am glad he is gone to

Pittsburgh out of the way; were he to

preside he lead would the church2 to in SIDNEY RIGDON destruction five less than years."

—Photograph, courtesy Historian's Office Elder Wilford Woodruff wrote of

Rigdon's enterprise at the time his imhave been divinely called to the position posture began:

and insisting that he should be the to the career As of Mr. Sidney Rigdon of "guardian"the church since he was I that his late would say views, opinions, the the ancient prophets man had and course have foreign been so diverse and

of. spoken he Yet manifested such a that from the late of prophet, the and

contrary and sinister spirit that most of of the Saints, or any idea that ever enteredfaith the Saints did not consider his claims their minds in connection with the Kingvery seriously. dom of God, or even his own until of late,

His conduct in Nauvoo and his rethat he has had very little influence, except with spirits few a uneasy aspiring were who jection the Saints are by too well known after something else than will the doing of justify retelling to here. Let us present

if God; and rightly been we have informed, the subsequent that events are that is not so even influence dying I away: and generally known. have doubt but that no when Mr. Rigdon

Returning to Pittsburgh, the city he comes to reflect upon the course he has taken, had proclaimed as the place of gatherhe will deeply regret having entered upon those ing, measures will like in which THE he end airy began GROVE selfto earnest his push WHERE RIGDONITE DEAD ARE 3 SAID TO castles, BE in BURIED disappointment. ish claims. 15, 1844, October he On

—Photograph L. by George Zundel a publication commenced the as known 1 In President 845 Brigham Young Messenger after and Advocate, named of wrote him: Disillusionment and disappointment a previously official issued church pubfollowed his to Rigdon grave. utter His just have heard Kirtland. from Mr. We lication. following April The he comfailure, like that lately Rigdon has of other there; been apostate leadhe sent was his pleted it organization, naming "The for his ers, followers, fulfilled by saying that the he prediction of would President It of Christ."first Church consisted of a baptize but many; arrived, he when there Brigham at the Young time Sidney Rigpresidency, presiding a patriarch, and for was one no ready to him administer to, don was excommunicated the from of a apostles. quorum twelve stake he returned to and Pittsfleld[sic] A disrather church, that selfish any person who organization appointed.* was made and an additionsought build to a up in faction opposial consisting quorum of seventythree Elder tion Jedediah to Grant the true revealed M. the church not proswould members, belonging to men various quospirit of Sidney in per. Rigdon these words rums, effected. all was facapostate Of

(Next month: 124:104 lD. & C. this The Bickertonites) tions is the only one providing for

History the Church. of VI:492 such a quorum. millennia! Star. V:139 *Ibid., VII; 157

APRIL, 1944 205 could be loaded. They stayed there and

got the rocks out and loaded the wagons. Joseph was made supervisor ofTEMPLE ROCK transportation and kept two saddle ani- &i mals. He made the return trip to the

quarry every day and kept things movsfaines /-\ Shar*p roadsing. Heandalsobridgeshad oneand unitwith repairinganother unitthe

would repair a wagon wherever it broke about 1888 my father and I visited down, just as he did when on the river

InSalt Lake, to us "the city,"and went available, Brigham called the Sharp trips. But he had to discontinue this,

to the old tithing and Deseret News brothers in and prevailed upon them to for he found out that some of the men office and were standing on the corner haul the large rocks. Some claim they overloaded their wagons just to break

(where the Hotel Utah now stands) had a contract to do this work, but so down so as to have them put in first looking at the men working on the far I have not found any one who really class shape.

temple when a rather large, pleasantknew whether they took a contract or Not all of the men who owned spoken man came along, grasped Fawhether they just went to hauling as brokendown wagons did it intentionther's hand, patted him on the back, and did the other outfits who did not have ally. Many did it unknowingly for those

said, "How is everything, Bishop?"large enough wagons or ox power to rocks looked small but weighed conFather replied, "Mighty fine, John move them. However, it is generally besiderable. Says the record:

Henry, mighty fine."(I believe his last lieved did they haul to have a contract

the In 1872 built Southern Utah was Smith.)name the rock from time was Butte until such Red Salt through those Lake County and

We three stood there looking at the as the woodenrailed railroad was comgaged in hauling rock no longer followedentemple and the workmen for a short pleted, which was never finished and the route which was strewn with the wrecktime and then John Henry said, "Bishop, Brigham changed from Red Butte rock age of wagons unable to bear the load you will never know what a boost the to Little Cottonwood granite. placed upon them. The rock was conveyed

to Station and from there hauled into Sandy building that brothers gave whenSharp Brothers a It took Sharp few days, rail. the city by

outfits their freight theirthey took to figure to with wagonsmiths, out a down

Cottonwood and began hauling those way whereby those rocks could be The Contributor for April 1893 reheavy rocks. After that, everyone loaded with the least effort and hauled minds us:

seemed to want to help finish the buildin the shortest possible time. They

ing of the temple."rigged up two red pine logs on a wagon The hauling of the rocks was done mainly in later years though ox teams, by a few that it so arranged the rocks could and for thinking, to got and That me teams were employed. logs. mule to of the part chained the be under I after pestered with rather yearsmany

It sight in to the unusual no people was satisfactory model soon was and The freighting, haulingquestions regarding sixties to the the spectacle four of witness or others made. were in the rock, theof temple used method toiling six drawing oxen a heavy wagon

moving and loading the big rocks, about Now, how many wagons Sharp which was loaded with a monster block of

Pony Express and stagecoach stories Brothers put to hauling the rock is not granite or two of medium size from the and kindred subjects. known but it is generally believed that quarry....

Here is a bit of Sharp history. The Joseph took his entire train of sixty. Some who have seen in the city one or

Sharp brothers, John ( first bishop of the This being the case, without doubt he two yoke of oxen drawing a heavy cart, underneath which suspended a huge was split his train into units as did they Joseph, and Adam,Twentieth Ward), block, this granite the thought have was If poles. hauled they telegraph freighting of when business the overtook

in the manner stone which brought was if his train, did, entire he he and used died in 1852their father and he when the this mountains; but from arrangement units, then four for he must have had Brothers. as Sharpcontinued Joseph only used stones the about in moving it was

handled the river freight while Adam took four days to make the trip. Begintemple block and in hauling them from the

did the local work, and John acted as a ning the fourth day, and every day after, railway depot before a track was laid to the kind of executive. there would be fifteen Sharp Brothers'temple yard.

Joseph would leave for the Missouri wagons load at the quarry and fifteen

River as soon as the grass was good in unload at the temple yard exclusive of So much for a bit of history as we the spring, taking about twenty wagons other freighters'wagons. think about the Salt Lake Temple in

and two hundred and fifty loose oxen. Adam went to the quarry with a crew April, its anniversary month.

before of the a few teams days the river men he reached would heWhen out. started to get That to some waspurchase up make wagons enough of TO MODELSHOW HOWMADETHETO SCALELARGE BYROCKSJAMESWEREP. SHARPCARsixty to his train, load freight and head the rocks into position where they RIED TO THE TEMPLE FROM COTTONWOOD

West, arriving here usually just before CANYON.—Photograph by D. F. Davis

October conference.

Here let me insert a note from my little black book written many years ago while Father recounted events of the past:

... 60 wagons in the train. Considerable

trouble. Oxen kept getting lost. Poor

teamsters. Mormon converts. One wagon

loaded with whiskey for oxen when they drank alkali water.

VTow, President Brigham Young was * * having considerable trouble getting the large rocks hauled for the temple. James Livingston, who was in

charge of getting the rock out in the rough state, complained to him that those large stones so badly needed at the temple were in his way and he had to have them moved. Temple Architect

Truman Angell was also after Brigham, and according to the best information 206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for theTHOUGHTS

6 Seewice an QUIET HOUR

Rrwown Bu J J4vtakf R COORDINATOR, LATTERDAY SAINT MEN IN THE SERVICE

Menserviceand withwomentheinarmedtrainingforces,for spiritualclearly, knowsis not thatonly theas focus attention vividly upon mareal as the material, but terial processes, techniques, and physiis more enduring and Photography—H. Armsrtong Roberts

cal efficiency. This emphasis should not vital. His serious thinkexclude consideration of spiritual ing reveals the fact that instinctively he who is possessed of such a compass to

values. The impact and dislocation of is religious, and he comes to feel that regive him an assuring sense of direction,

war must not be allowed to dampen our ligion is very important, and is of deep to keep him on his course, to lead him interest in those spiritual values which concern for all intelligent people. Whoto a safe and happy landing.

were esteemed in prewar experiences, ever says he is not religious is probably Religion confirms his innate convicor cause us to lose our sense of direction, a stranger to himself. He may discover tion that he is an immortal spirit temor make life's meaning vague. All servhis real self when suddenly confronted porarily tabernacled in a mortal body,

ice men should reexamine their conwith a situation where all seems lost, but destined to live eternally. This

cepts concerning the worthwhile things where hope flickers, where intangible longer view will make him anxious to of life, and place proper emphasis upon reserves are relied upon, and faith is live efficiently, to have a sound body, social and personal idealism, and upon born. enjoy physical health, maintain a stimthe moral and spiritual ends of living. ulating mental outlook, and be spiritualis being in responsive guided his ly human and alert. come He will Pvery in which The conflict we are now en- *—that health rebeliefs. 'actions are set of and growth to know by a may He us all conscious ofgaged has made

modern methods, eager for new truth, not be able to express them in words; sults of proper living, effects of causes

anxious to employ it properly. Men but, if he will honestly search his conincompatible with immortality, and that

everywhere are in search of better sciousness, he will find they do exist. lax morals result in disease and detechniques and a more efficient way of They motivate his actions, color his life, gradation and are a bar to happiness.

doing things. Contemplation of personand determine his quality. Goethe tells Religion teaches him that there is no

al efficiency and usefulness coupled, as us, "The struggle between belief and un- (Continued on page 248) inevitably it must be, with the conbelief is the only thing in sciousness that death may end it all at the memoirs of humanity any moment, leads the sane man to exworth considering."As

amine his thoughts regarding his behe seeks for truth and atliefs, his philosophy, his religion, to tempts to put it into acthink of the meaning of life and try to tion, man responds to an understand its purpose, to consider seriinner urge and seeks to ously the subject of immortality and be his better self. He

eternal life, to know something of God. realizes that he must be

The scriptures tell us, "This is life etertrue to himself if he nal, that they might know Thee the only would be true to any true God and Jesus Christ whom Thou cause he represents.

hast sent."Man's religion should

An officer in command of a landing be such as to satisfy his party in Italy said to his men as they needs, to sustain him in were about to storm a beachhead, a crisis. It should color

"This is an experience which will sepahis intellectual, mental, rate the men from the boys."The intenand spiritual life. It

sive and vigorous training which is necshould be a supporting essary to prepare a man for combat duty power, giving meaning weeds out the unfit, physically, but it and direction to his amis also a test of the man, a test of charbitions and desires. His

acter and stamina. It makes for physibeliefs, his philosophy,

cal and mental maturity. This maturity his religion, should be a

should result in sober thinking, in an compass or chart for analysis of one's life, one's thoughts, life's voyage. How forone's ambitions and desires, in a desire tunate is the young man

to know oneself. Photography

The ordinary man, when he thinks Harold M. Lambert

APRIL, 1944 207

THE

TOMB OF DARIUS THE GREAT MAN

light, and like the sun which eclipses the shining of the lamp, so the true goldlike beauty of Bodhisattva (Buddha) shone forth, and was diffused everywhere. Upright and firm and unconfused in mind, he

deliberately took seven steps, the soles of his feet resting evenly upon the ground as he went. His footmarks remained bright as

Courtesy seven stars. Looking like the lion, king of

four at earnestly the looking and prinArtJ beasts,quarters, the center the penetrating to and fullest truth, the thus ciples of with he spake Archeology assurance: "This birth is in the condition

of Buddha; after this I have done with renewed birth; now only I am born this once,

for the purpose of saving all the world."

history, the beginning spirit of human summarize the of To the Vedic are that the taught godsFrom The Vedas faith in has hymns, Supreme a had mankind the of the words we quote emiis life Their ever young. unaging and is nent attested Being. oldest the scholar This by Ephanius Wilson, who or in heaven, spent being as described possiblyliterature B.C. says: 4,000 dating

third or heaven, they the highest where has a selfconscious been alwaysMan deal reliwith the They elemental most fufive existence. the In joyous a had kin being, with himmoral makes which gious full conceptions are of the and the of the imneral dead RigVeda, hymns felt of the part himself a hasGod. He nature. of agery of the scenery The Himafathers the the gods to taken and were out inphysical he works world which layas, ice and tempest, storm snow, and mortals world, in other were the and agent, their free lend as ofthe to a the majesty strains purposes of the Vedic God

though within the limits of a finite bepoet. One of the most remarkable of the given the highest immortality. The highing. Man has always felt himself a part hymns is addressed to the Unknown God. est heaven was the world of the rightof the spiritual, and the spirit of man "In the beginning there arose the Golden eous. Heaven was regarded as the reChild. as he soon he born alone As was practiced was rigorous those of ward who spirit revelations the of haveand God

all is. lord the that of established the He their risked of heroes penance, who of obligation.of and dependency earth heaven."and consists of The hymn all, those in battle, lives and above all religions the In ancient have we is ten in stanzas, deity the which celebrated gifts. sacrificial In liberal bestow who die, shall cease "Ifquestion: they men as the of the the maker mountains, snowy

united the a with heaven, deceased was stirred live?"river, sea theto distant other question has and fast the who made No

human hearts so deeply. More than six awful heaven. He alone is God above all glorified body and saw again father,

thousand years ago it was asked by the Gods. Each stanza concludes with the remother, and sons, wife, and children.

ancient Egyptians. Babylon, India, frain, "Who is the God to whom we shall Complete in body and limbs, he was free

offer sacrifice?"in this have a life all hymn ailments. beyond, His from We questhe PersiaChina, asked same and sublime the conception of Being. Supreme life, like that therefore, a corporeal wastion. naturally, turn our Quite minds is It purely as monotheistic as of a psalm earth, glorified but one a left behind on India,to the people been have where spirit David, of religious a shows and awe defects. to subject no it earliestreligious times. from While find in as as the profound any Hebrew we

was the wealth of India which found scriptures.

its way into the Mediterranean counZarathustra tries long before the Christian era, the Buddha The ancient land of Iran or Persia the offered of theland Ganges West south the east Persian of lay Gulf and in the latter half of sixth Tt the was life. ideals timehigh of a There was writSea. sacred Their of the Caspian before that century Christ Siddharlived. great the Brahmawhen was He ings are the term Avesta under grouped tha, prince, the to be came known who intelligence, creator, thethe supreme the as as old been have and Rigmay as born. a Buddha, became was He indwelling contemplation. deep The their prophets, and had Veda. They great of religion teacher he and when India ancient ofsacred books were ( also called Zoroaster Zarathustra one the at died years, eighty of agecalled the consisted of Vedas. They religion of truths fundamental expressed rule of established an Buddhism was centuries recited for sung andpoems spirit principles the and became which life, in India time extended over which writtenbefore they down. Exwere It relireligion. a the of Avesta was third the and accepted a of by was for nature, thepressing love Brahman's to gious dualism looked forward which the people reliable of world. most The in color. rich beautythey were and life evil, of over over triumph the good of biography written Buddha was by life a pure one thoughtPure and made are truths of Zarathustra death. The the patriarch Buddhist AsvaghoshaBrahman. enlightenthe revelation and known by first era. during of the our century He

prophet. of to his Ahura God India about through pament and The Vedic Scriptures traveled

is rewill bring to pass God who Mazda tiently collected tradithe stories and /"\fV thetheRigVedaholy booksis ofthe themostBrahmans,ancient. tionsmaster.whichTheserelatedhe woveto theinto lifea Sanskritof his tributionfor the goodfor atthethewicked,world's andlast change.reward

It contains 1028 hymns each of an avpoem, which three hundred years later Zarathustra's conviction of the truth of erage length of ten lines. Even today, was translated into Chinese, from which what he taught and the lordship of

the Brahmans all know the RigVeda version we have an English translation Ahura was so intense that he could not developed before the tenth century B.C. by the celebrated scholar Samuel Beal. but hold other religions as false. MiliOne of the Vedas, the Chaldias, goes Speaking of the birth of Buddha, tancy lay in its dogma of the conflict

back to two or three thousand years Asvaghosha says: between good and evil, but good finally

is therefore triumphs. adcertain,"Zarathustra thingB.C. says "One Max

his indeed exceeding great regarded Men is his jures themselves disciples nothing ancientMueller, "there to keep more their glory, sight uninjured; yet remained

their ears of the shut unbelievers thethan from and hymns RigVeda, the he of to gaze, a'lowed brightness them whether in India or the whole Aryan his person was concealed for a time, as "against the lying ignorance of such as world."(Max Mueller, Origin and Dewhen we look upon the moon in the heavens. would bring death and ruin to house

velopment of Religion. His body, nevertheless, was effulgent with and village."

208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

LOOKED TO GOD

The prophet has his battle with sin, and unbelievers try to overthrow his in rncient <=*cJUU5 work. In his anguish he asks t

To what land shall I turn, whither carry my prayer? Followers and kinsmen forsake By PRESIDENT LEVI EDGAR YOUNG

me, and my neighbors wish me ill, and the wicked tyrants of the land. How can I adof the -jririt Council of the Jeventu

vance thy cause, Ahura? I cry to thee. Thy

counsel, Lord, I choose. Then in addressing me, he says: "He who does not move

evil for righteous, the to aid the works one; ancient Greeks, Aristotle and Herodotus Yu, who was told that "the determinate is wicked, to perdition. shall one he That go

who succors the wicked; that one is rightwrote about the ZendAvesta, and appointment of heaven rests on your

eous who befriends the righteous.... This through the centuries, scholars have person."All the early rulers had "heavis thy law, Ahura."been doing all they could to preserve en's high commission,"and throughout

the thought and teachings of these scriptheir reigns the virtue of reverence was

Maurice Maeterlinck in his book entures of the Persians of the long ago. inculcated, reverence for heaven, revertitled, The Great Secret, says that the ence for the people, reverence for anethical system of the ZendAvesta is Confucius cestors and their customs. It meant the

hupurest nobly most the of and one of every duty and the performance due beginthe from people Chinese of. that HThe know man we fitting of observance ceremony every mighty is a history their religious had *- ning the of ZendAvesta The propriety. and

of sense high a for industry professed Persians the and of power book who the creed of Zoroaster. It cannot be government. Henry Osborn Taylor When Confucius lived about 500

dated earlier than the first century besays in his Ancient Ideals that their B.C., he represented the best elements

fore our era. It consists of four books, most marked superiority over Babylon of China's past. His teachings held to

of which the chief one is the Vendidad, and Egypt was "the faculty of ethical the ideal of the perfecting of character which contains the account of creation, formation."No people ever constructed in modes of conduct in accordance with

after which is a history of the begin- a system of ethics which expressed itself the nature of man conferred by heaven.

nings of civilization. The revelation is in conduct as they did. Under the inMan must fulfil all relationships and

described as being made directly to spiration of this ideal, the history of duties ordained by heaven. Man's charZoroaster, who like Moses, talked with China was written. It was this same acter is a matter of his inner nature,

God. The rest of the Vendidad is ideal that Confucius and his school had and the fruit of character is unfailing

taken up with the praises of agriculture. who stand for China's very self. At the propriety of conduct. All men in speakIt includes an elaborate code of ceredawn of China's history is Tao, a righting and in quiet hours should have the

monial purification, resembling on this eous emperor who is described as reverfeeling of truthfulness. All kings should

point the Book of Leviticus of the ential, accomplished, thoughtful, and present the ways of heaven and regulate

Bible. The ZendAvesta was preserved courteous. He regulated agriculture, humanity. They are the bond holding

by the Persian Zoroastrians who fled and brought his people into a united the multitude together. To hold office

to India in the seventh century A.D., and harmonized government. Then under the government is the goal and

where they are still known as Parsis. came Shun, the successor of Tao, a highest excellence of human careers and

They live on the west coast of Hingreat organizer and a "just man in all filial piety is the root of all virtue. The

dostan. Far back in the days of the things."Shun's right hand man was ancient Chinese conception of poetry

was beyond what most people have today. Says Confucius: "It is by the odes

that the mind is aroused; it is from

music that the finish is received."

SIVA'S Confucius said: ROCKCUT

KAILASA AT When the father has gathered and preELLORA pared the firewood, if the son cannot carry the bundle, he is to be pronounced degenerate and unworthy.

I do not open up the truth to one who is not eager to get knowledge, nor help out anyone who is not anxious to explain himself. When I have presented one corner of

a subject to any one, and he cannot from it learn the other three, I do not repeat the lesson.

Is he not a man of complete virtue who feels no discomposure, though men take no note of him?

It was the philosopher Tsang who said:

Courtesy "I daily examine myself on three points

The whether, in transacting business for others,

Macmillan Company intercourseI may havewithbeenfriends,unfaithful;I may whetherhave beenin

insincere; whether I may have failed to

(Concluded on page 238) APRIL, 1944 209 JACOB HAMBLIN yrpodue to me Jsndivavi6 T By JUANITA BROOKS TheClaralittlewasrockalivefortwithon excitement.the Santa From ArizonaApril 1943Highways, tackrushedjusttowardbeforethe dawn.tepees, yellingAs hisatmenthe

From the rooms that lined its walls top of their voices, the Indians were women hurried back and forth, bringthrown into utter confusion, women ing sacks of biscuits or loaves of saltcan Indians, or Lamanites, are a part running and screaming, children crying, risin'bread, dried peaches, dried beans, of the House of Israel, and that they braves trying to find their places for jerky, and the dozen or so other items shall yet become "a white and delightdefense. The sight filled Jacob with

which must go to fill the alforjas. Then some people."Missionaries were sent such pity that he called for his men to

there was bedding to roll and a change out with definite instructions to learn stop. Not for all the cattle in Tooele

of clothes to crowd in, along with many their language, cultivate their friendship, County could he have led in a slaughter admonitions. The men, twelve of them, and teach them the arts of civilized life. of these people. He went forward to

bearded, moccasined, their broad hats Jacob Hamblin had been one of the meet the chief. Though neither knew

pulled low, checked the horseshoes, fiirst called to the Southern Indian a word of the other's language, they discussed matters of guns and ammuniMission. managed to make themselves undertion and whether to take along more But work among the Indians was not stood.

than one Bible and Book of Mormon. new to Jacob even then. When he first Jacob persuaded the chief and three

This fort, with its onehundred-footcame to Utah, he settled in the little of his men to go back with him to the square enclosure, its rock walls twelve town of Tooele, thirtyfive miles west settlements, promising, by way of signs feet high and two feet thick, and its line of Salt Lake City. The Indians had and gestures, that they should return in

of single rooms along two of the sides, made such a business of driving off the safety. Something about Jacob inspired

represented the last outpost in Southhorses and cattle from this town that a their confidence—his simplicity, his

ern Utah. It marked the outer edge of posse was organized and sent to punish quietness, his soevident honesty. They

the white man's domain. Clinging to the them. Jacob Hamblin was the leader in went with him.

edge of the desert, the thin streak of one of these groups. Back in town it was a different story.

cottonwoods which lined the creek was Using some of the native's own tacThe leaders, remembering all the losses the only bit of green in an infinity of tics, he traveled at night, located their they had sustained at the hands of parched desolation. The nearest town camp, surrounded it, and made the atthese Indians, were glad to have them

was fifty miles to the north; there brought in! They would kill them

were no others for—well, it took JACOB HAMBLIN without delay.

all the elasticity out of the im-—Photographs Courtesy Dudley Hamblin In the Mormon church at that

agination even to try to think time it was a serious thing to defy how far. the man in authority over you. It

This morning, October 28, might mean to forfeit your mem1858, most of the men of the fort bership in the organization. To

were leaving to penetrate one secone who valued his standing in tion of that unknown land. A litthe church as dearer than life ittle apart from the group, but diself, this situation offered a real

recting in a quiet way, was the challenge, but Jacob did not falter.

leader, Jacob Hamblin. A slender "I promised these men protecman with a serious face, he never tion if they would come with me,"

wasted words, but when he did he said, "If we kill them, it will be speak, his men paid attention. As over my dead body."

president of the Indian Mission, That settled it. The Indians

he could speak with authority, but were allowed to return to their that was not what gave his words people, but there were some of weight so much as the knowledge Jacob's neighbors who thought he of the unerring insight with which was overzealous.

he had handled the Indians.

Tacob was first and last and all

Crom the time when the Morthe time a praying man. Every

* mons, under Brigham Young, morning before he set out for his arrived in Utah, they had a deep day's labor, he kneeled to ask interest in the Indians. "It is God's guidance; every night becheaper to feed them than to fight fore he lay down he asked his apthem,"Brigham said. In part this proval and protection. And in begrew out of his practical knowltween, if ever a problem presented

edge that if his people were to itself, he took it to his Father in make permanent homes here it heaven, almost as man to man.

would be safer to have the good The incident of freeing the Indian will of the natives, and in part to prisoners contrary to the wishes the teachings of the Book of Morof his leaders lay heavily on his mon, which says that the Amerimind. He prayed about it.

210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Then while he was in the mountains alone, his answer came. Whether it

was the long day, from the miracle of the dawn to the splendor of the sunset, or the twilight hours over his small fire, or the nights under the friendly stars when it came, he never said. In fact,

he never talked much about it, for it was not a thing to put into words. It came

as a great spiritual illumination, bringing consecration and peace. Into his soul

was borne the message as clearly as though he had heard the words spoken, "Inasmuch as you do not thirst for the blood of the Indians, they shall not have the power to take your life."

Whatever it was, to him it was reality. One of the eternal verities. A

promise from Him whose promises fail not. On the strength of it, he was to

move unafraid among the Indians until the belief grew up, even among them, that he bore a charmed life.

This assurance that he was to be a messenger of peace to the Lamanites came to him in 1853. The next year

he was officially called to the Southern

Indian Mission and settled at Santa

Clara, and in the four years following he had gained such influence with the natives that they trusted him implicitly, taking his word as law.

orin October, 1858, he had Now,

AT SANTA OLD HAMBLIN JACOB HOME THE tribes visit this the toganized group 1S63. ERECTED UTAH, ABOUT CLARA, it is the existence, his ture Grand of

in River, theacross what Colorado River. Here the of Colorado Canyon

later those Arizona. who became From is elements, the grip with at hand's man straight dropped banks sudden whose side his of thelived Grand Canyon on In set win. to the elements always and gullies, rocks, over across down down, the great of gorge learned whichhe had Escut niches the proof, by here were cIingingon along narrow and down its along, evenslashes impassable way before years a nearly calante hundred cliffs, torsheer at and of the base paths for this thanto hundred two more day

it yesterday. only if clear been as as had after trails. days twisting tuous, Ten tribes almostmiles. due the reach To turned they canyon, the of out Once water's the to they leaving came home the far to travel ofsouth he must him coundesert into the southwest, the to the of Fa- "crossing the This edge. was then the to cross streamsoutheast and buttes colorful the again, with try same los Padres. thers,"or de El Vado like the southwest, again towardback to skirts flaring fluted, the with same river behind bank, a triangle. on heard pointthe Twelve men had of a He to east. they came the Then north and

trail, stream a before faint them a and peaceable Indiansthat these them were knolls, rounded dotted with clay land its in very agriculdeep, menacing arts of the and practicedthat dark they dropped giants earth had off as though side banks other the silence.ture, Across making. pottery on He and weaving, fell stood flattened and as they balls that

difficult ascent of barren, his of gospel more stark visit carry and to themwould formed, they were as barren as when yet they had which over the onesChristianity than to them. There character. without numberless,

it that they to them occur come. Did or life, snake a hardly of sign no was the history? were They making finally horses were pack loaded wereHPhe of the swarms not lizard even even, since this stream first cross to white men driven the boy, Indian ahead and by inhabit often that so little grasshoppers

it in back braved Escalante had Father theNaraguts, while followed men desert. the of brush the scrub

horseback, single file or by twos. They 1776.

traveled over broken country, across They improvised a raft of poles and pOR days they traveled. They passed

lava flows, through swales filled with began transporting their saddles and the duncolored sands of the Moenmesquite brush and arrowweeds, up supplies across, taking also an extra copi, dry at this season, on to country onto a broad tableland where there was man or two at each trip. When they that stretched its arid lengths in every

no sign of water or grass, but only flathad the men about equally divided on direction. Their supplies were getting

topped buttes rising to form a second each bank, they drove the horses into low, so they tried to content themselves elevation, the base of each flaring out in the stream, with much encouragement with a little jerky, sliced paperthin and stripes of vermilion and salmon and gray by whip and voice. The Indian boy rode chewed to a liquid, a bit of parched

with many a rise and fall, like the bilthe lead horse, and when it got into corn, some dried peaches. Without

lowing, striped skirts of a dancing the deep water he slipped easily back water there was nothing to cook and no gypsy. They camped one night at a fine over it and hung to its tail, all the while reason for making a fire. Besides, they

spring surrounded by cottonwoods, calling out encouragement to the aniwere in Navajo country, and not sure which they named Pipe Spring, and mals around him. of the disposition of the natives.

which became a familiar base from On the opposite bank they repacked Finally they came upon signs of huwhich they could take off and a haven and set themselves about getting up out man beings, a place where some sheep to which they could return. On beyond of the canyon. The rocks, washed slick had been bedded down for the night,

is rainsthis, of sand over the past Kanab, of had a track the what by moccasined now man who tree calledages—petrified poor its pine dunes, them. one of with MountainBuckskin evidently man had charge A little them—gave they horses. the for footing intosentinels, desert country eager cups spring farther brought on and Up and up down

again, trying to find a way to the river struggled in a thin line, a few specks in under its drip before they noticed that without too many abrupt plunges and an eternity of waste. If there is any it had been husbanded and turned to a

impassable cliff walls. They picked place on the whole earth designed to tiny garden terraced against the hill.

their way around the head of arroyos make men conscious of the fleeting na- (Continued on page 249)

APRIL, 1944 211

swaying audiences with libelous at-

L.D.S. chapel at 316 tacks; yet, in the first seven months of

South 46th Street in 1943, Philadelphia missionaries made Philadelphia, dedicated in the spring of 193S, over one hundred twentyfive public apof token the substantial of growth the church in pearances in the Philadelphia area as a the "City of Brotherly singinglecturing unit.

Love."Obviously, progress in Philadelphia

must be measured in terms of the Philadelphia mind. It is a mind shrouded in

tradition, endowed with a noble heritage from the past and an accompanying faith in the judgments of the past. Moreover, in skepticism, it is a first cousin to

its New England neighbor. A mission

anecdote, now legendary, is illustrative.

Informed that the restoration of the priesthood occurred in his native state, a Pennsylvania farmer muttered to himPhotographs by self, over and again: "Well! John the Imii Hatchings

Baptist in Pennsylvania. Here, in Pennsylvania."Then, skeptically, almost

wThe Philadelphia Story A TALE OF CHANGE IN MISSIONARY APPROACH, AND

Thehill cornerstreets ofinSeventhPhiladelphiaand Callowis not OF ITS RESULTS IN THE "CITY OF BROTHERLY LOVE"pretty. To some it might be repulsive. Its features, now cheapened and

dirty, are those which appeal to the Dw o(. ri/lar$den <UJum amwriter of violent literature, whose key- r

note is degeneracy. Within earshot on CHAPLAIN, U.S.A.

Sunday mornings is a colored Baptist Recently of the Eastern States Mission choir, which sets the tempo for the local scene, prescribing the times and seasons for the barkeeper and tobacconist at

If Salt the City Lake derisively, from music indeed!"Recorded "Pennsylvania, corner, cheerlessthe provoking and LatOrgan. Choir and Tabernacle in attitude favorable toward a change in the of latethoughts minds Street, 46th Chapel, Saint 316 South sleepers Mormonterday this in mind, church the can be noted floor rent the apartments secondwho Car. 42 Free. Route p.m. 7:45 25, Take July it is that beprogress be admitted mustoverhead.

But there remains visible evidence That, or an announcement of a film ing made.

that Seventh and Callowhill knew betlecture based upon church history and It is to be remembered, also, that ter days. A few homes of severe archidoctrine should cause him to echo the Philadelphia is a metropolitan city of

tectural lines, sandwiched in between sentiment of a grandson of Brigham over three million people, and despite factories and warehouses which mushYoung, who, on a recent military asthe Quaker reputation for friendliness roomed up during Philadelphia's indussignment to Philadelphia, exclaimed: and the name of the city itself which

trial development, indicate the district "They used to persecute us here. Now, betokens "brotherly love,"Philadelphia

once to have been a middle class colothey advertise us!"today has fallen heir to the inevitable

in the verdescribed complex, is minutesnial settlement. away of Philadelphia, history so bigcity Two case The shoulder."nacular as the "cold for rendezvous Square,Franklin a is concerned, far church as the may rePhiladelphia's derelict souls; but where, semble that of a dozen other metropoliin days gone by, the creator of Poor tan centers in the United States. But bestPhiladelphia'stradition ofMormonthe missionaryMale Chorus,singingwhich, groupsin the

Richard took his daily earlymorning Philadelphia affords extreme symptoms. formed throughout the church, preached the gospel in

constitutional. Close at hand are the Philadelphia has oscillated between two song.participatedEldersin theof group,the Easternare frontStatesrow, leftMissionto right:who

printing houses which produced Amerpoles. As late as 1930, antiMormon George MacMillan, Rulon Gregory, Crawford M.

ica's early periodicals, and almost withlecturers were still stamping the circuit ondGatesrow,(director),left to right:RodneyRoyAlsop,M. Darley,Ashton Smith;L. Marsdensecin stone's throw are the docks of the from Philadelphia to the Jersey shore, Durham, Spencer W. Toone, Kenner C. Kartchner,

Port of Philadelphia, pointing to Sevand Vaughn Hunter.

enth and Callowhill in the youthful years of the nineteenth century as a most respectable location. There, in a

hall now destroyed by the ravages of time and a local salvage company, the

Prophet Joseph Smith preached his first

Philadelphia sermon, on December 21, 1839.

Were the Prophet to return to Philadelphia today, he would board one of the city's subways, where his keen eye might be attracted to this item in the

PTC Traveler, publication of the

Philadelphia Transportation Company, which each week lists events of civic interest 212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 7V ctivity of the church in Philadelphia Latterday Saint meetings in south Jerdelphia: s leading NBC station. But the

* dates back to 1839 when suburban sey were interrupted by barrages of rotwar took its toll in missionary numbers,

Germantown, originally a redcoat outten eggs and overripe tomatoes. A and September 1942 found the chorus

post, had laid aside its frontier kneepracticing physician in Philadelphia, reduced to a quartet.

pants for the more dignified long trouand loyal member of the church, recalls Under the able direction of Elder Roy sers of "civilization."According to the with some fondness the days of his M. Darley, the "Mormon Male Quarchurch historian's office, "there was a student career in one of Philadelphia's tet"began its assault of Philadelphia

branch of the church in Philadelphia medical schools, when the name "Morbattlements, and in six months'time met as early as 1839, presided over by Elder mon"was signal for an argument, and over one hundred engagements to sing

Benjamin Winchester, who hired a good the appearance of a Latterday Saint on and lecture in halls hallowed by famous hall in which the elders preached to the scene sufficient cause for a near riot. names and before luncheon groups incrowded audiences."Orson Pratt, on That feeling of unfriendliness and suscluding such figures as Connie Mack,

his way to missionary labors in Engpicion has prevailed until very recent owner of the Philadelphia Athletics;

land, reported that "fortyfive persons years. Rear Admiral James Duncan MacNair,

had recently been baptized in Philaranking chaplain in the United States delphia by Benjamin Winchester."Nor "NTow a change has come. Causes are armed services; Mother Moore, nationdid the newly baptized members go L many. Philadelphia may merely al godmother to sailors and soldiers;

without visits from others of the early be observing a trend which is general and Anice Ives, prominent national leaders. At a general conference of the throughout the nation. Music and the radio figure. The closelyguarded gates

church in Commerce, October 1839, a arts have played a significant role in of the Philadelphia Navy Yard have delegation which included the Prophet, the awakening of the city to Mormon swung open to the music of the quartet, which sang aboard the battleship New sand—theJersey, mannedlargestby battleshipa crew of threeever thoubuilt

in all the world. The singing of Mormon hymns has led to speaking engagements before the Philadelphia Round Style Table, the Ethical Society of PhilaNew

Judge Elias Higbee, and Sidney Rigdon was appointed to present a petition to At Philadelphia's Nationthe federal government in Washington, al Folk Festival living seeking redress under the Constitution modelsMormon reenacthistorya scenebased fromon for injuries sustained by the Saints in Torlief Knaphus'statue,

Missouri. While awaiting committee 'The Handcart Pioneer."

action upon the petition—Congress, it

seems, was already cursed with an abundance of redtape—the Prophet,

Judge Higbee, and the ubiquitous Porter

Rockwell visited Philadelphia, where, according to the record, "President

Smith addressed large audiences at the hall on the corner of Seventh and Callowhill streets."Under the direction of

the Prophet, the Philadelphia Branch was organized December 23, 1839.

Again in January, the Prophet, Rigdon, and the Pratt brothers visited PhilaIdeologies. The influence for good of delphia, and a sociology group at Temdelphia for a branch conference. This Tabernacle Choir broadcasts cannot be ple University; and a dozen Protestant

was before the leaders returned to the measured. Too, the dedication in 1938 churches, to say nothing of one CathWest, disappointed in their efforts to of the chapel in West Philadelphia gave olic Institute, have played host to the

obtain aid through federal intervention. the church a more substantial footing; Mormons, curious to learn why they

But there was no reason for disapand an influx of Latterday Saint busibelieve and act as they do.

pointment in missionary activity in ness and professional men into the area Baptisms have not increased phenomPhiladelphia. Visible progress was eviaugmented the leavening influence of enally as a result of this increased acdent. In 1841 there were seventytwo members already established there. tivity; but this fact is important: opbaptisms. In 1845 Jedediah M. Grant Then, in April 1941, it was deterportunities for preaching the gospel and

succeeded to the presidency of the mined to organize a missionary chorus demonstrating its influence are legion, branch, and tradition has it that the ento bring "the song of the righteous"to whereas a few years ago they were at tire membership moved west. From the City of Brotherly Love. As prom- a premium.

1855 to 1857, Philadelphia served a possible season busy had climax in as a ised Doctrine the Covenants and A port entry for of immigrating Saints 6, entered, that the Mormons (Sec. been answered when, on May 18) song1 has from receiving Europe, ships seven the Philadelphia's precincts of blessing. sanctum a with

which brought approximately 2700 The mellifluently designated "Morsanctorum, the Academy of Music, to of the church. members durHowever, participate in the Annual Tenth of Nadirection the Melodiers"under mon

ing evil the Civil the days beset War, Festival. tional contribuFolk Mormon April Elder sang from Taylor Nolan

it branch, to exist. and ceased folklore tions to national long have until after personnel when, some July,

years Bitter followed. Lean criticism the Association, recognized been by it as changes, the emerged "Mormon and persecution leveled were against inr Director Sarah Gertrude Knott of Philadelphia,"under and Chorus Male the its for church practice plural of the vited missionaries Philadelphia and leadership the Gates. Elder of Crawford

marriage. the Through into 1910's and local to present branch members a year's the time before In a chorus sang

the "roaring 'twenties"the flames of life early crosssection of and Mormon totaling audiences broadcast 40,000 and bitterness were fanned aposanew by culture. In past, in cities years other Philaradio a over weekly program

tates, lecture who, on in platform and this Philadelphia, than has been done is iThis in the not followed only a formula Eastern public meeting, castigated the Morthe reenacting trek handcart across by States but throughout Mission, of missions the most mons. Missions to the still "heathen British church. missionaries talk the of proudly Morplains. the opportunity ample Here was

Millennial Chorus; Northern States boast members mons"organized were Philafrom sing of church history, etc.. to dramatize bits quartets, chorus, of their missionary

left their delphia and have roots infinitum. there. justifiablyad (Concluded on page 237)

APRIL, 1944 213

HEARD FROM THE "CROSSROADS OF THE West"WITH THE SALT LAKE TaBERnacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through

By RICHARD L EVANS KSLEasternand Warthe ColumbiaTime, 11:00Broadcastinga.m. CentralSystemWareveryTime,Sunday10:00 a.m.at 12:00Mountainnoon

War Time, and 9:00 a.m. Pacific War Time.

Jime5 Maue Lkanaed Unfelaned Champions of freedom

Tn this day and age, whenever anyone speaks of the social "TSTe pause again, as we do each recurring year at this precautions which were formerly observed for the safe- y season, between the birthdays of two American patriotsguarding of womanhood in general, and of young girls in whom time has given the mark of greatness—two men who

particular, one is likely to be accused of being Victorian have outlived all of the pettiness and prejudices, all of the which is another way of saying that the idea is thought to misunderstandings and misrepresentations of their owrt all partisanship, to findbe stuffy and oldfashioned. But when safeguarding the generations—who have outlived

most precious things in life becomes oldfashioned, civilizapermanent place in the minds and hearts of Americans and tion will be on its way out, together with the finest things of freedomloving peoples everywhere. Time has burned

that the finest people of all ages have stood for. Notwithout the underbrush and cleared away the smoke, to make

standing this, there are many sincere and devoted parents, the real issues of their day stand out sharply, and despite who, like their children, are going to remind us that "times their differences of birth, circumstances, and personality, have changed,"who are going to remind us that women, each of these men has lived in honored remembrance because liberty. It is a comold or young, are no longer confined to the home—that ofteach was an unfeigned champion of

times girls go out to make their own way at a relatively paratively easy matter to look back now and to see why early age, just as boys do, and that there is virtually no the names of Washington and Lincoln have become symbols issues their in day the lived but who to many of freedom, to closed activity or or occupation,profession, them—that

struggle present the of issues as the confused just as earth, or no were of the the face on no placethere is virtually kind of company, or no social situation in which, under are to many who live now. In their day there were conpresent conditions, women, old and young, may not find tentions for the powers and privileges of leadership, for the

themselves. All this is true. Times have changed. In our loyalties of men, and for dominion over them, even as there

day women go to war, as well as men; women do much of are now. And now again, as we find ourselves engaged in a

the world's work; women are people in their own right, and struggle so intense, so complex, so involved, ofttimes our

any man who forgets it may expect to be quickly reminded vision is diverted from the overall issues by the immediate of it. The socalled emancipation of women is irrevocable, and necessary details of war. Because our sons and our

globe, our attenfor which we are all grateful—but it would be surprising brothers are fighting across the face of the

indeed if a movement that had brought with it so much tion sometimes becomes focused more on principalities than good had not also brought with it some things which are on principles, more on the territories than on the truths not altogether good—and because some bad things have at stake, and we are sometimes given to suppose that if

been ushered in with some good things doesn't mean that we could only sweep clean certain sections of the earth's we have to accept them both. We still have the right and surface, we could thereby sweep clean all the difficulties

to accept the discriminate and two between to obligationthe problems our that words, other face generation—in if times have that to reject what and is goodwhat isn't—even to are be found enemies our are wholly ourgeographical—that pracconditions if, or there are perchance, changed. And

fronts, and wellmarked areas or on in welldefined only desire in young society tices where who places or women to maintain their principles and their ideals, are induced or that everything outside these danger zones is safe for us—

coerced to do otherwise, then it is up to us, as members but the problem is yet more difficult than this—as farseeing

of society, to see that such conditions and places and pracmen have always known. Territories must be won, and

tices are eradicated. Where modern emancipation has armies must be conquered. Than this there is no greater

given women a desirable freedom, we may be grateful for immediate task. But beyond this, it must ever be remembered

it; and where evils and abuses have accompanied that freethat the enemies of freedom are not confined to any geodom, it doesn't necessarily mean that we have to take the graphical area nor to any color or creed or class. Neither

times freedom. the because Just to in order have abuses terof is of matter truth a nor freedom geography—nor everyis gullibly for swallowing excuse changed no have the this, and Washington Lincoln and minology. And

it or call bad. whether be "modern"that good thing men have time liberty immemorial from of

is is progress; to accept thing which good accept a new To

is of mankind of an enemy freedom an enemy otherlearned—thatchampions foolish, false, is stupid. is and thing and which bad a new

no matter who he is or where he lives or under what banTimes may have changed, but good and evil have not—and

neither has the obligation to discriminate between them. \ ner he travels or by what name he calls his cause.

—February 13, 1944.—February 20, 1944.

214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 7? rules of conduct, with little apparent carryover effect—and

Ccoticemmf LhaTeronaqer know!frequentlyWe'vefromheardchildrenthat before!"comes theAfterimpatienthavingreply:gone through"O we

T ike fashions and customs in a good many other things, the such repeat performances times without number, exhausted words of our language come and go. Many times mothers and fathers have often despaired. No doubt we

within our generation we have seen words suddenly come could save our children many heartaches if they would into daily usage, and we have seen words gradually fall into only listen and learn. And beginning with this common exdisuse, almost without our being aware of it. One such perience of parenthood, we may well begin to appreciate

word that was once used more often and with much meansomething of the problems and the patience of the Father ing, and which more recently seems to be on the wane, is of all men, from whom has come a tireless repetition of the word "chaperonage."To those who have lived through fundamental truths all down through the centuries, notearlier decades, it stirs memories. But to many of today's withstanding which, men continue to go their own way and

youth it has little or no meaning outside the dictionary. continue to get into trouble. In virtually every generation

But oldfashioned as it is, the word still has a meaning, and prophets of the living God, men to whom it has been given oldfashioned as it may seem to say so, that meaning has a to see beyond their time and place, have stated and restated fundamental significance. In bringing up this subject there the rules of life, and the consequences for disregarding them,

is no thought of yearning for the past—no thought of going and their words have been recorded for us to read and reback. Our less restricted social ways, in many particulars member. But notwithstanding the times without number

at least, are likely to remain. But nevertheless, we are rethat these truths have been written and spoken and read

minded of a time when parents knew, or attempted to know, and heard, and notwithstanding the distressing results that every hour of the day and night, where their young daughhave followed the disregarding of them, in every generation ters were, and with whom, and for what purpose, and when the children of men, like their parents, insist upon learning they would be expected to return, and how. This, of course, many things for themselves, the hard way. With this in

in some circumstances was not always possible then any mind perhaps we can come to be more understanding of our more than it would be always possible now. But the pracown children and the children of others when they don't,

tice recognized a need pertaining to the wellbeing of the upon repeated hearings, remember to put all good advice community—and certainlyin generalthat andneedofhasyoungnot womanhoodgrown less ingreatparticularin soimmediatelyso, if parentsintothemselvespractice. hadIf alldonethe so,generationsperhaps wehad coulddone

called modern times, and especially not in war times. And expect more from our children. But sooner or later, if our

parents who have used easy modern ways as a reason or teaching has been sincere and understanding and patient as an excuse for shaking off responsibility, or ignoring it, and wise, as these, our children, take their places in the have been and are due for some rude shocks. The supposiworld, they begin to remember our teachings, and they betion that some good fortune is somehow going to take care come concerned to pass them on to their own growing sons

of our young girls no matter where they go or with whom and daughters—and they begin to know what it is that we

is a fallacy that has long since been blasted out of the realm have been trying so hard to say to them, and they begin to of truth and into the realm of disappointment and sorrow. appreciate why. There are no new laws of morality or of

There is an obligation in the home that no social agency safe conduct in life. They have all been revealed and

ignore—ancan take over,obligationthat nothatfreerunsand contraryeasy waysto canthe falsejustifiablysuppetitionknown, andgoesprovedon withlongmuchsince.tiresomeBut stillteachingthe processand ofmanyreposition that the youngsters should be allowed to run "free threadbare words and with impatient children and wearyas the wind"without reporting to anyone or being accountparents—and with many needlessly paying a high price for

able to anything. Social companions are more respectful costly lessons, most of which might have been learned withof those who come from homes where it is known that out personal anguish, if we had been wise enough to believe

mother and father wait, and expect to know what and what has happened in the past, and not so stupid as to bewhen and where and with whom. Accountability and parlieve it wouldn't happen again under the same conditions.

ental responsibility are words that must not lose their mean-—February 27, 1944.

ing, even if the word "chaperonage"has—Februarytended to 6,do1944.so. Copyright, 1944.

epetition,

/""\ne of the accepted methods of teaching and learning is by the process of repetition. By saying a thing over

and over again, eventually it may become ingrained.

But, effective as it is, this process may become very tiresome. Perplexed parents frequently become weary of the number

of times they have to remind their children of even the simplest

APRIL, 1944

U J.HE moment Mary Wainwright lookedT at the messenger boy'stroubled face she knew something was e56ej

wrong. He couldn't have been morethan thirteen, for he was slightly bigger ARE THEY

than Buddy, her youngest son. Mary's

lips had parted to greet him gayly, when she saw the quivering of his chin, and in her head. Suddenly the conviction count on them too much, honey. Some

his moistened blue eyes. completely overwhelmed her that the of the boys certainly won't come back.

"What can the matter be here?"words really were true, that Jerry could It won't pay to make definite plans."

wondered,Mary at looked She wiping her hands on never come home again. a long time. him He

her kitchen apron.

.. so Yet.. seldom been wrong. had

It bit difficult a was for her to get the believe. she not Oh, what to knew With

feeling, conscious of the boy'smood sadness, for when W.ithout she sob, turned a and wept again. away

tothe doorbell she was numb, she walked she rang for now had been measuring out ingredients for what was to be the telephone, dialed her husband, and peanutbrittle for Jerry's birthday packrequested him to come home. She was /\fter an hour or more of

age. Jerry was her other son, a sailor, not surprised that he guessed the telefitful weeping Mary arose. She was

away on a destroyer in the South Pacigram was about Jerry. vaguely conscious that her husband

fic.... "Everyone, now, must know that moved about the house; that Buddy

"A message for you, Mrs. WainJerry will not come back,"she thought. came home from school for his lunch;

wright. From the War Department."The reality was so big and monstrous that he could not eat after hearing the

His blue eyes spoke a message of symthat there was no escaping it. news; that her husband talked to peopathy, but his lips said no more. Mary blindly sought her bedroom. ple on the telephone, but her thoughts

Dazed, Mary Wainwright took the There she sank upon her bed, the very were in the past, remembering...

yellow envelope from his extended bed by which Jerry, his father, and she She thought of the time, not much hand. In her mind one phrase kept rehad knelt to pray that last night before more than a year ago, when she had

peating itself, "No matter what the mesJerry went away-—that night after he visited Jerry at his base.

that blessing received says,sage had wonderful smile this for child's sake."said, care things take of had "You He

Inside, that the patriarch from promising guidin sat the nearest chair Mary at particularly yourself home, Mom, ing angels his footsteps; shouldand guard opened the telegram. nervous A I'll it to that see and Dad, and have you

that after nighttrembling ordained been an seized her he had fingers and her this to at nothing about end."worry

elder. his as fathershook. She and wept had

it, "Yes, I'm sure of Son."had Mary night, that they prayed Unfolding but had Jerry sheet, the yellow she read

life all tried answered. "You've your closer only regret hugged remained them and to inform she you—""We

live as to to asked, according and do we silent.paused, stunned. After she a moment

to the therefore Lord's commandments; relying bed, she "...glanced it again. back on her there Yes, Now, was,

missing in action."membered what she had asked of the the Lord will protect and guide you.

last the the verses in remember night. the Always that remembered couldn't She believe read. Lord Mary what she

in section of the of Wisdom the Word felt she assurance inside her thatThis had could not have happened to Jerry.

Son, Doctrine Covenants, where and protect he had her boy. She would only boy,Why, Jerry a was who had

if felt the to keep Lord says you remember.. that completely. assurance. Untillooked to on going as adwar a great

destroying angel the commandmentsventure. his grinning She face as today.... his saw

will slay pass by and not you. Thenhe his to hide had tried tears at parting,

all right, you'll be Son."last theheard he as words had spoken genfather erry's very was rules are hard mighty some- "The J his fatherhe and in driven had away tle. into see as could he came times, said Mary modestly, he had Mom,"the car front the from door.

their the had hard bedroom news best."I'm how doing "but my everything the "Keep same, Mom, hit to him. arose him. meet She He his done had Jerry knew Maryespecially smile,"said. "I your he had

... his into they her gathered and arms best.

it all I thewant back. same come when terrific together. trembling a wept reafter As though, remembered, She..."Promise?

lie her, to her aided he overcame down telling Kendall, turning home, one Amy had tears, She her nodded amid own bedside. again. knelt the She friends, conversation, that by of her about He kiss. heand had her a blown had He his fingers in thinning her brown locked reaction. and Amy's surebeen very he back. would come gently. hair. caressed her He grass the stood and had on Mary Amy into broke uncontrollable Mary

weeping. "Don't cry, darling,"he said getting in front of the ward chapel in the early

After a bit she paused in thought. a firm hold on himself. "There are other fall sunshine. Amy had said: "I think

Come to think of it she, also, had been things that could have been worse."it perfectly ridiculous to bring a boy upsure he would come back.... Until She shook her head. Turning her on such false notions—telling him if he

this very minute she had never doubted face away, she gripped a fold of her lives according to God's commandit.... She had made herself look upon dress with her teeth. ments, God will bring him home. You

his going as though he were only away "If it had to be,"he continued softly, can't depend on it."to college, soon to be back.... She had "it had to be. The Lord knows best. "You don't understand—"Mary bemade him cookies, talked to him over Many of our boys may not come back. gan.

the telephone, and heard of his fine doSome of us must give our lives."But Amy continued, "Look at Ellen

ings as long as he'd stayed in the She sobbed bitterly, unable to speak. Thorndike. Didn't her Barney get

United States. Everything had been fine "We can be very proud of Jerry,"he killed in action? That promise was no

up to this very minute. said. "He always played a heroic part. comfort to her. Ellen's boy was as good

... Nor as anyone's, yet he's dead."Why did this news, now, have the There was never a better boy.

power to shake her assurance, that as- a better cause he could have died for.""But,"said Mary patiently, "the

surance which had sustained her "Don't say that,"Mary cried clutchLord says, there is a time appointed for through all these many months, that he ing him. "Don't say, 'Died for.'Don't every man, according as his works shall

was all right? you remember the promises?"be."

Burying her head again in her arms, Her husband looked at her with "Where does he say that?"Amy obshe cried unrestrainedly. great concern. He wished he could jected.

"Missing! Missing! My Jerry missspare her from this awful thing which "In the hundred and twentyfirst secing!"The words went round and round had befallen them, but he said, "Don't tion of the Doctrine and Covenants,"

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THAT MOU

—Illustrated by

John Henry Evans, Jr.

THE WORDS WENT 'ROUND AND 'ROUND IN HER HEAD:

"IT CAN'T BE TRUE THAT MY JERRY MAY."NEVER COME HOME...

Mary answered. "I read it just the As he continued eating his dinner,

other night."Mary looked him over. She was begin-

"Oh, you must have read it wrong,"ning to believe certain things about him. ate them with jam and milk for their

Amy said. "You can't tell me it was "Were you ever injured?"she asked. supper. Neither Mary nor her husband

to beginning hungry. were was They it's time time than Barney's any more a "nothing but answered, "No,"he heart so weary. Mary's was feel very all other the boys for your and Jerry little bothseasickness ever and fever it beat, to scarcely so heavy it seemed that did."joined he when filling grinned, his mouth ered me."He finally alone. to be was good

with roast turkey. As she sank back into the comfort-

/\fter Buddy and his father Mary regarded him carefully. Here ing softness of a deep chair, she wonhad had her attention, Mary went back was a youngster who was certainly not dered why she hadn't enjoyed a surto her bedroom. There she rested her more than twentyone, who had been cease by the kind felicitations of these

head against the pillow where the afterin the very thick of the war ever since friends whom she and her husband noon sun came through. She was still the first shot was fired. He was calm, loved so much. As she analyzed all

remembering.... at peace with himself. He was not bitthat had happened since their friends

She thought of what had happened ter, hard, disillusioned, or even injured. began to call, she realized that not one

on the train on her way home from He had come back. had said, "Jerry will be back."And that

visiting Jerry. She had sat with a young Again sweet peace crept into Mary's was the one thing she wished to hear.

sailor in the diner. soul. Why shouldn't, she still believe She had hoped that among all these

"Are you going home on furlough?"Jerry would come home, she asked herloved ones, these members of the

she asked. self. "The War Department lists him church, there would be those who

"Yes,"he answered. "This is my as missing, but he may be back,"she would openly dare to say, "He will be

first sight of the good old U.S.A. in two thought. back."Could it be that in the face of

years. I've been fighting in the South this seemingly complete reality all hesifalse raise must tated hopes? to That just after since Seas ever Pearl Harsoon neighbors and RIENDS

it. all C whispering vague be had They bor."their call. hear could to began Mary final test. to the put doubts when there son soon,"go may Mary "My must Jerry about voices. "TJie word crying started thought The Mary said, eyes. believe able "Is her to hardly thought. quickly,"she traveled have grief agonizing gripped again. deep A it this possible?"thought. she "Why, hair her and straightened arose, She to her her. bedroom back went She sign war. of young no shows man He were livingrom. There into the went great again. a thoughts became Her fresh, clean, looks as young, unand the wife, Conrads his bishop the and it whirl: Jermaddening was "Maybe hurt as does now."Jerry the Sister Brown, door, and next from his die? then ry's to time But was why "I just read It painhave Guadalcanal Dipresident. was Society Relief life that pneumonia he time had spared

said. ary,"she been started "There have some tears for the them, ful meeting old, years Doche two when was when battles in herself. the Seas."awful South control couldn't afresh. She live? he couldn't said tor he Hunt Was

difficulty, having too, husband, was resaid. sailor the Her "Yes,"you... "Do no, sacrificed to No, now? saved be

member that destroyer the book tells she could see. These people were so it isn't Jerry's time to die.... Yet no

it did help to and kind, though, the that shore about when very was shelling of all friends, of... no one all my in one interested friends were your island?"the first landed marines know on the in believe said they those have who

he asked. "Well, I was on its deck firing what happened to you. God's promises, told me Jerry would

one of the big guns. Our ship was sunk Friends and neighbors continued callcome back.... Amy Kendall said it was

later. Our second ship was sunk not ing by telephone and in person all the a false notion.... But the sailor came

long ago. I'm home now while they rest of the afternoon and evening. Flowback!... The War Department says

get us a new one."ers were sent in, and Jane Bailey from he's missing.... But the sailor came

He said it offhandedly. Certainly he up the street brought hot rolls. Buddy back!..."

was not bragging. and his playmate, Johnny Hendricks, (Continued on page 242)

APRIL, 1944 217

PIONEER DIARY

Part XIV Conclusion 1848 Life in the Valley iza le.s,now

Thursday, February 24. Din'd at

Sis. Shockley's, meet[ing] in the eve-

[ning]. Fathfer] Pettigrew & Hancock

pres[en]t.

Sunday, February 27. A little boy by

the name of Oakley killed by a log rollIn- in motion by

Br. at sawpit—putmeet[ing]ingdians—Attendedfrom a

Smoot's. Spent the eve[ning] in company] withFathfer] 6Moth[er] Abbott, Sessions], Pettigrew, &c—very

interesting indeed. The weath[er| a

little moderated.

Wrote the following On the Death of Franklin K. Shed

The angel of death with a sudden blow

In the season of youth has laid him low.

In a time when the heart's warm springs: were -ripe

With the hopes 6 the prospects of future;*life.'"[Eight fourline stanzas follow]

Tuesday, March 7. Brethren started

for Winter Quarters.

Tuesday, March 14. The breth[ren]

restart yest[erday] or today, having return'd in consequence of the road being impassible. They calculate to take Wednesday, March 22. Very, very "LOG(left, center)ROW,"SALT(See noteLAKEJune CITY,28, 1849)1849

the Weber Canyon route. windy.

17. that 3 of Heard 23. Friday, the [ended] Att March Thursday, March all 8. April Saturday, Rains snows & [inter] for started 6the of funeral D., of son L[orenLorenzo who Quar- W day.

Ft.ters] from Johns a zo] met man by were Young. & H. I 23. April Br. Sunday, out with rode

in consad [Ft. were 24. mor[ning] Friday, This March Laramie]—they call'd at Sis. Higbee, P. P[arley] horses kill'd ofdition, is one having quite the cover'd with a deep ground in seem'd to a very be &P[ratt]'s—he feet badly eaten it—their snow.& theirfrozen—the of uncomfortable mind. frame

on. goneother 3 28. conhad storm Tuesday, The March 4. rained Thursday, sucHas May 4th 18. the &> tinues, rain Saturday, then March Made snow, sometimes for cessively 12 terminated days which

this month. for Sis. for Sessions] leaking are profusethe houses ofcap most this in freeze, unfamor[ning] hard a

is till chang'd having colder, ly. this evejning], weather dry kept OursThe to vegetation vorable has which been put spring. gardens night the Some thro [ugh]from but pour'd warm down finely. growing

little frosted.in, get intermission. a without 10. beauWednesday, day The May 19. March Sunday, to 29. Snows—wrote Continues Wednesday, March after several warmer,

B. Bringto Eleanor tiful—growing Mrs. followingthe till night. is at her C[lara] nearly storm frost Sis. cold. of at days H. & Saw

hurst: breakfast & W. a thinks with Fathfer] Sessions]. He

but is full heart of friendship—in our dishes. My for thee mother's—Charlesme while the rain drops of horsemen, one com [pany] of whom than that feeling name a holier It has

is this of recollection 30. side of Ch[arles] Laramie. on Redden Thursday, The March & is J.

first time from the countenance ThyIdentifies. Br. Sis. P[eirce] P[eirce] breakfast me. with with and sup & Ellen to W. something beheld thee—whispers My

I call'd Sis. never can join to carriage in feeling Scofield which 31. Friday, a them and for me March My eyesthought

long so undefinable 'Tis Describe. ride. at the feel thankget supper. distance of perhaps washes & I When We remain understanding mind or As

I think to 5 m[ile]s, altho it storm, unspeakable shallwhen causes as now. But ful for the our a deal As circumscrib'd joy, we

thee, Of spreads O'er a thrillmy ofsensesnear &affinityI truly feel of work. met the California boys, 7 of them, part

tie the to the strong kindred [pany] having a gone bosom com Within my April Saturday, 1. The day is fine, I of

in associated tho'been we'd As cattle, their being with back Bay & part iron'd the day. most of to condescended ere Existence, we

in yes, state are of Lady, being. or expected 3 weeks. which present 4 Our [ended] April Att Wednesday, shall expand understandings small our When Last Satfurday] Council which was a past the of recollection the with And meet[ing] at Fathfer] 5.Chase's—Clara inspir'd feeling. future excited the be of P. P[arley] some knowledge Some tolast is gone came home that ties form a kindred find thousand We'll night—she chief Pfratt] spokesman. was twin'd are which wreath, Amalgamation's & att [end] meet[ing], day. not Does

15. combin'd intertwin'd, are combining farmers 6 Monday, The And May

6. there spirits the of April here noble Connecting Thursday, number & A getting their of done. planting most to earth heav'n all of face from the earth—O'er the of sisters anniversary the celebrated

to still world April, in world extending from beans, on Buckwheat, sow'd &c, And

Unto creation's undefin'd extent. church at Adaline Benson's in prayer is kill'd by the frost.

in for the Saints Quarters Winter & let minds let our hearts 16. our expand Sister Last Tuesday, & Friday Thus May

I point the return'd, towards C[lara] acts approximate elsewhere. And When [it] vis us. Hunter, Taylor, P. G. & attain that perfection, may true we Of absent. was glorified association In17. an an Quite Wednesday, To May refln'd—exalted planets more & On 7. the Friday, Spent April afterin of dian alarm consequence Jim Wandear. since long intelligences Among

in at [pany] H.'s with noon] Susan ties com kill'd let cultivate the sacred us ship being a [Utah] And by Ewtaw

will abide that friendship here love & Of Br. Sis. P. the T. S. spent H. T. P. H. & Indian. eternally changes rugged Time's &

us. eve with on page 239 ( Continued Endure.

218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the force and effect of the injured or damaged person's testimony for he has been amply compensated before trialAlcohol and is, therefore, more or less kindly disposed toward the defendant. Often

on \AJheel5 hehe does"wouldnotnottestifysay atthatall.the Ifdefendanthe does,

was under the influence."Then the

defendant takes the stand and unfolds

By HON. HARRY H. PORTER his life history, laying particular emChief Justice, Municipal Court of can change the position of road curves, phasis upon his family condition: he

Evanston telephone poles, fences, and railway has five or six children, he has never crossings often or quickly enough to lost a day from work, he is not a drinkof the intentions changing the meet of only ing "couple man. had He really the danenough,Strangely driver. influence"the "under is (this beers"defense is "horizontal driver the not gerous astandard—no the case long handled have who We "shot"than has ever a more had one and get cannot up drunk,"who the driver the where of drunken know charged of beers""couple or a when is It drink. thetake who man more one this lies streets in of ridding the trouble this offense), that amount with and is absolutely drinkshas and a few had trial typical of a menace. Jury A drunk."Five canary a "wouldn't make driving his sobriety his ofsure of and this off driver goes about way: drunken friends, six of with or each was whom that insists typeperfection—the who state for six the witnesses or Five accident, thirty before the minutes him drinking while is driver better ahe will officers) the police take (chiefly all or that testify a "shot"he a was had of sober. completely Thosethan when testify at that of time the stand and left that beers"of he "couple and when in experienceus some have had who shortly afterward accident the they or sober. cold have he them was They for thetraffic take safety him work his the observed defendant and saw occasion take seen more on him much is, thinks expert thefool he not he he his tried to condition. and walk He it are affect him, didn't they and andis.

rolling his staggering; gait and was the positive that "under not he was is recognized not driver drinking The alcohol; his tongue of reeked breath left influence"them. he when average the the influence"as "under by eyes, thick; incoherent; speech, was this opinion of Finally, mass and he officer because or layman,police glassy; countenance, dilated and laywit- expressed counteropinion, by the symptoms outward notdoes show clothing, dishevelled. genIn flushed; is into lap nesses, twelve tossed the of killer. is a drunkenness. heof But eral, of the a appearance presented he ignorance, with a of average each men auenforcing before problem The therefore, and, influence the under man is different the idea of what by meant is recognize, apprehend, tothorities

it is jury, opinion the of "Gentlemen my in other influence"; phrase the "under jail driver utmost this with of typeand this at that time that was, and man is different trying of each a words, them it is this, obviousexpedition. do To intoxicatof place, the influence under trial judge, the followlaw-suit. Then alcoholic the handling ofthat methods liquor."ing ing law, the duty imposed him upon by strengthened anddriver made be must is ordinarily of state deprived The telling the to confusion the adds by efficient.more

case. jury, criminal "This is a You legisunderstand first what We must

satisfied the guilt of deof the be the must "underlatures by the phrase mean influence of intoxicating liquors"in REMEMBER THE DAY fendant of the offense charged beyond before are justireasonable a doubt you states statutes. imposepenal Some Kate Wagstaff a By fied guilty."verdict in returning of a intoxicated"; "driving for whilepenalty Writer Young A this jury, instruction ringwith The the in- "driving under while forothers

its in ears, ing departs, promptly and is to together the trend spentfluence."the days Undoubtedly we Remember guilty. verdict returns of with not a in west, statute of out farm that old former the dear typerepeal On

it? can blame And who climbing the and through canyon Riding latter. thefavor of

hills Yet this type of verdict is daily

To the spots that we loved best? causing disrespect for law enforcement

The definition, from the Arizona SuRemember the leaky old granary and lawenforcing institutions.... A

preme Court, reads: Where we used to put on plays jury needs something definite upon

The phrase "under the influence of inFor the family and the neighbor kids which to decide a case.

toxicating liquor"covers not only all the To watch on rainy days? Knowing what legislatures had in

wellknown and easily recognized condiRemember the rosebuds we strung for beads, mind when they used the phrase "untions and degrees of intoxication, but also And our catalogue paper dolls? der the influence,"medical men and

condior physical mental abnormalany solutoxicologists out a have worked the remember day the mouse ran up And result in indulging oftion which is the tion the coveralls? of in terms of our problem The leg of my

liquors and in intoxicatingany degree of content various body trudged together alcoholic the Remember hills we of the that to driver deprive tendswhich this of connection work in fluids. The Hollow, Indian In dear old himcontrol of intellectclearness over and

self which he would otherwise possess. Jumping over sagebrush here and there Dr. Herman A. Heise of Milwaukee,

Where the trails were hard to follow? Dr. Theodore E. Friedman of the

the indefinition short for "under A Rollo University Chicago, Dr. of and little cabin the dear Rememberfluence"might be "subintoxication."of the of Indiana University Harger N. tin, old rusty from made We influence is the under a man When testtheir widely today little and known, the paths rock and the tiny is With

is ability lessened? driving his thatso ing graveyard increasing methods used an by

I suppose it is a wellknown fact that We buried our animals in. number of states.

alcohol affects the lower extremities crocuses tiny the before the creek bluebells the along And gillies smelled so We have seen science ably coping the which rememberwe mayit doesnoticethe thehandstoxicand statearms; thus,of a RememberAnd

pedestrian more readily than that of the sweet with this major problem of life saving, man behind the wheel. But his feet That we couldn't wait to pick? and therein lies our hope for a safer

pedals; of the the America. "major menace get to up mixed onseem When hole the old swimming good Remember

driver, the the road,"impulses namely, readily the drunken notthey obey do grass pasture the green lunch our on And is that fact drivto the brain has brain, the been educated the or perhapsfrom the dandelions the all over remember And none too clear about what impulses to fields ing after drinking is most antisocial, a send. His throttle foot becomes That grew in a bright yellow mass? very substantial reduction in the num-

"heavy."He "doesn't feel"like shift- I want to go back to those dear old days ber of deaths and injury accidents will

ing gears or slowing down. He tries When I knew no cares at all, have been accomplished, and greater

to pass other cars and usually succeeds; Where there never was a dull moment courtesy will rule the road.

sober drivers give way. But nothing From winter around to fall.—From Allied Youth

APRIL, 1944 219: a

uewiew -A. 4

MORMON RECREATION

the hereafter defits aspects so sinful to many ProtMoreover, assumed initeSomean attorneymonths ago,of Uhrichsville,Mr. G. W. Reed,Ohio, estants.of outlines with the same in harmony

came to Salt Lake City and spent In the case of Joseph Smith, who as conception. Heaven is a place of progseveral days visiting old friends. Among founder, more deeply influenced the ress, eternal growth, associations with

these were former students from the group than any other man, there was a the great and wise, a place where we days when he taught in the Salt Lake natural background besides the philoare trained to the ultimate purpose of

High School nearly half a century ago. sophical one for his liberal attitude. Beourselves creating and peopling earths.

Mr. Reed is an active member of a Protcause of his declaration of having had Below the level of heaven, the delinestant church, but he took special ocheavenly visitations at the age of fourquent children of God, not to be puncasion to learn what the Mutual Imteen, he was shunned by many church ished more than justly for their wrongprovement Association is doing for its people and considered an outcast by doing, will also progress within their

young people. Recently we received a them. This led him into the company spheres and will find (with a very few

letter, part of which we quote below of the less pious where fun and the natexceptions) ultimate happiness.

their people, whatever The Mormon ural appreciated. pleasures were He,

I last talked with summer you When beliefs inhibitions, previous and feeling came religious that the a mixing were said possibilitysomething the of was about all to value give that to experience did of deal their good hypocrisy with forms tell being to induced hereyour us and come contravene divine not laws. had They attitudes, and to these look came upon for the Saints Latterday havewhat done

their young folks in the way of directed very critically. a passion for education. Out in the descultural recreation. Later you very kindly Brigham Young, brought up in a strict ert they built a theater comparable to

in printedsent considerable anything of America. your me construcTheir mait sin, for a home where example, was

I isterial believe being used which sometion the in of the great organ tabernacle to violin the play the day, Sabbath on effectively.what is at Salt the City of Lake one romances rebelling in his and heart against puriis city to the a building Just buying art. now their parties, of At people where tanical rules, prepared he was when in least part, for recreational used, atbe such for paid entrance their with products of into association the came of Joseph I as discussing. believe arepurposes we or the farms homes, president the and his Smith associates to join and wholedifferentthat the of the people churches now apostles of the church mingled and in heartedly citizens fostering of the reUhrichsville Denniand and wholesome

son generally are in a mood to give very creation, relaxing fun, and the cultural danced with zest and skill equal to interested attention to what you would tell activities. any.

successfulus about remarkably your organized work.well Last evening and More than the social background of \T7"ith this friendly approach to rec- a group

of the officials of our largest church authorthese men is the Latterday Saints'con- ""reation the Mormon people have ized me to write to you. ception of present living and of the fucreated an unusually intimate associaPlease let me know if and when you can ture life. They accept the words from tion between leisuretime activities and

of are to address Book a Mormon, public meeting here and thecome "Men functions. that church built rechave They

financial terms. theyon belief what might have joy."That went reation of their part halls as a meetalong very with harmoniously years structures. of inghouse these, In of some conditions to prevent going Travel persecution, drivings where bloodand stages been have cycloprovided with it this interesting errand, but onOhio lot. their constant shed were took They or sets ramas both, or box with and linesuggests that a of thought might It short joy. range no of view worth was lighting systems. chairs be can The developed. beenhave for. their waiting living But outlook on the floors and removed hardwood are

was a happy one. Life might be a vale accommodated to dancing. This is the

HPhe two men who gave direction to of tears and should be endured with common combination. More recent

our way of living more than any fortitude, but normally life should be structures have flat walls, protected others were Joseph Smith and Brigham pleasant and the years filled with enwindows and equipment for basketball

Young, the first and second presidents joyable and broadening experiences. games.

of the church. There were a number of These provisions for recreation have

A. EAST JORDAN CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA their for attitudereasons recreatoward cost dollars. of are many millions We THEM.I. EASTER CANTATA, TITLED

tion time in in a when it seemed some PRESENTING entirely satisfied by "VICTORY"them, HENRY with WILDERMERE, 9, not APRIL because 1944, WITH 12 SOLOISTS FROM THE GROUP.

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SCENE FROM PLAY, *IT SHALL KEEP THEE"

/f /y3ep'1 // v annovi FIRST ASSISTANT GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT, Y.M.M.I.A.

organized in the same Mutual, so that TV resume of the cultural work of the there is a growing need for athletic acpeople of similar tastes can pursue the '** M.I.A. in the stakes of the church

commodations that were not thought of study or discussion course together. (736,544 members) for the season of

or at least provided when many of the These may be religious or cultural as 194041, the last normal year, shows:

halls were built. There is a strong movethe members desire.

in the of choruses organized Number in thement alterations. church for such annual Ball, The Gold and Green of the church 973 wards

its characteristic floor show, his During later years Brigham is a Participations in our that occurred Young with set up the Mutual Improvement Assolovely feature. The floor show has done outlined assembly program 126,168

ciations for the young people. These much to keep dancing as one of the Performances of threeact plays 706

esthetic arts in of Performances oneact plays from the midst of modern auxiliary organizations totwo work 1,918- o/ our annual Plays Book dancing with music. modern ingether relationships, are ofbut many

other Performances of plays 1,355 ficered by basketball in the one and men The annual tournament women of 23,209'in participating plays.. these Personsin the other, and some of their activities the M Men, when sixteen teams, after Public presentations of stories made.. 10,231

are distinct. They are part of the struccompetition in wards, stakes, and diviSpeeches 30,205

ture of each ward. Their work is defsions, come to play for the championDance instruction periods 9,312

initely religious, but they have the ship and sportsmanship cups at Salt Music festivals 80 55 Dance festivalsgeneral recreation latter City. the church work of Lake trophy The is awarded

festivals Drama 57 allalso for vote of of all over twelve years age. by the players themselves.

are for caredThose younger young participate by the The men must who Leadership entirely is almost volunPrimary Association imaginnon-users with of a fine be alcoholic todrinks and in teer is and cases trained not manyative handicraft and which, bacco program of and character. good moral well enough, the of course though very istoo, definitely religious. conference The held Salt June at at is attempt leadership a training

The Mutual divides its members into* Lake City each year during normal the person called. If given the positionfor

age groups. Boys from twelve to fourtimes, when for three days or more the of speech director, drama director,

teen are Boy Scouts and registered with officers outline the work for the coming dance instructor, or music director, he the B.S.A. Girls of the same age have year, and participate in great recreaor she must seriously prepare to lead

work,Bee Hive with which corresponds tional events. of these has been others. One resulting The performance may

girlsimilar programs such as that of in times past a great choral group, some lacking in be desirable artistic qualities,

Girl Scouts. The young men, fifteen to 1500, under the direction of Mr. Noble but if talent exists, it has some opporseventeen, are Senior Scouts and the Cain or other director of similar standtunity to be discovered.

girls, fifteen and sixteen, are Juniors. ing. An annual feature is the great Broad and large there are a great

Above these to twentyfour the young dance festival at Saltair, when young amount of enthusiasm and an amazingmen are M Men and the young women people chosen from all parts of the willingness to do hard work to make are Gleaners. Above this age are the country come to participate. Many of the world better and a more beautiful

Special Interest groups. them bring original group dances. place in which to live.

Some of the features of the Mutual work are for example:

The Treasures of Truth and My Story by the Gleaner and Junior Girls.

These are intimate compilations of the personal history of the owners with all that they desire to record of family background, spiritual experiences, important current events, and cultural situations that touch their lives.

The development for Senior Scouts of the program of the RoundedOut

Man, with the purpose of preparing a youth to walk into adulthood, able to hold his own and maintain poise and respect in polite or rough society.

The M Men and Gleaner banquets and dances, where the young people meet under the finest cultural conditions and establish lasting friendships and even closer ties.

The freedom of the Special Interest groups to take up subjects that meet the needs or desires of the members for a SALTAIR short or a long course. More than a DANCE

hundred different books or subjects FESTIVAL were chosen by these groups during the current year. More than one can be

APRIL, 1944 Church

Welfare Objective for canning is being stressed this year last. than even more AIR THE OF called CHURCH will States the be UnitedCince assistant Elder G. Marion Romney,* to in supply the period ahead upon assistant the to managing twelve address the and Air Church of 'HThe

food, the with areas ofdevastated world A director the of said welfare program, delivered will AlElder be by their continue shouldchurch members recently: council the of bert of E. Bowen conof production and foodprogram 11 this is effort at 9, special to April the twelve, being Sunday, year made A alleviate shortage toservation any all the produce church have members grow the o'clock, part of as M.W.T., President develop, mightwhich J. is in to processed canning be which home conference annual general 114th

first presidency of the Clark, Jr.,Reuben of others to to plants farms or do on work of of the Christ of Church Jesus

all full their workerstold part the welfare thousand producing food toward two Saints. Latterday

basis. to canned be on a cooperative stakes comprising the twentyfourfrom

the Salt Lake region as they met in a welfare conference February 7. Wards Organized

meeting at the speakers were Other M Men Basketball Tournament Springvillehas been FifthorganizedWard,by aKolobdivisionStake,of of of the council HaroldElder B. Lee

basketball First traditional Springville the Fourth and Wards. rT THE Men M of the directorthe and managing twelve

as sustained bishop * Y. Bearnson was John held from tournament March was Elder G.welfare Marion program; the of ward. new at in the 11, to 8 Deseret Gymnasium asassistant and the twelve toRomney, Springville Stake, Sixth has Kolob Ward, countless afforded Salt City, and Lake welfare the director ofsistant managing the Springville parts created of from been

the in real watching onlookers joy a regional First L. with Knowlton, C. Fourth Ezra andprogram; Erwin Wards,

chairman of the welfare program, and cleancut playing and the upstanding Sheffield as bishop.

in separticipated the men who Stake, South Los Angeles Ward, Downey chairyoung FredBishop W. Schwendiman,

the ries. Grantsville organized from has been Second the Downey won Ward bishop's executive the regional ofman

Branch. runthe Plain City championship, withcouncil.

nerup. Other teams finished in the Stake Presidents

listed: Cokeville, order Wyoming;"Stratford News"counselors, and H. Pond Ray President California; TwentyHollywood, North official monthly"T'he Stratford E. News, C. Naegle, Saul and Manuel Hyer Wellsville, Manila; and fifth; Harvard; the in Stake. released Benson been have the Stratford * publication of Ward,

Utah. sustained as stake been has G. Hyer Merle In launched. Stake, been hasHighland pictures report with complete more and president Hendricks with David O. Aits the of are the ward news columns of the issue counselors. Merrill as will run in a subsequent be Casper W. to come. of meetings handyand way A Killian counselors and President Frank J. Era. in the at andfor home members ward P. L. Ralphs have Leon Williams and Nephi

with abreast keep services toarmed Stake. G. released Eldon in the Emery "Fulness of Times"in Washington, D.C. been

it is happenings, one of with as president many such Merward was sustained Lukebulletins being published by wards in urVnE Fulness of Times,"the series ril E. Cook and Lavar M. Black as counthe church. * of radio transcriptions dealing selors.

with the history of the church is now President Henry A. Gardner and counDee Hospital Annex being presented each Saturday evening selors Wells T. Brockbank and Quayle

in the released been Palmyra have Dixon facilities of the Washof WWDC, east D. wing the Thomas Dee over'"Phe as sustained Stake. O'Bryant was W. time obington, radio was D.C. The instituHospital, L.D.S. * Memorial Christensen and president withJ. Angus J. efforts twentyfive of the tained through dedicated Utah, attion Ogden, was counselors. as Gardner Wallace

February 11, by President David O. Washington Stake missionaries.

McKay of the first presidency. The Branch Changes

addition, costing $375,000, and consistWard Anniversaries Pegram Branch, Montpelier Stake, has the disorganized and membership been reunions marking rooms, lounge 1VTidFebruary saw operating a three ofing

SorEarl to R. Ward. Wardboro *** of annexed surgery anniversary several rooms, for the ninetyfifth nurses and released as branch honorably enson was

maternity City.is for eighty to in Salt care It was Lake equipped many wards president.

cases. on February 14, 1849, that Salt Lake Allison Branch has been transferred from

City was divided into original wards, the Western States Mission to the Young

Sunday School Board numbered from one to nineteen. In the Stake. Ed Behrman has been sustained as

A ppointment of Eva May Green and near century that has followed, shifting branch president.

*"* Melba Glade to the general board populations have changed the bounArmed Forces causing the wards, wards daries of School some Union the Deseret of Sunday

Bennion, and to combined be many new has announced by Milton been wards "TpHE-*- specialpresidingeffortsbishopricshould remindsbe madethatto to formed. be superintendent. general

servthe of the and men women make prikindergarten and Green, Miss feel at ices wherand whenever home Tolerance Post for Salt City supervisor War Lakemary meetings. attend church ever they late Alof the schools, is the daughter Edgar T evi Young of the first council

fred Ray Green and Mary Adams *-v of the seventy declared that the A. E. Cranney

teacher Glade, a Miss Green. the the can counteract in the only world 73, first counway E. Cranney, A delbert

is schools, the daughter ** City Salt Lake is the doctrines forces of evil to embrace President El selor to Temple Ray of Mayor Earl J. Glade, also a Sunday of religious fidelity and tolerance, as he L. Christiansen died at Logan, Utah,

School board member. spoke in late February at the annual February 27. He had served in the

mass meeting of Salt Lake churches, Logan Temple presidency for twenty

Fire Losses sponsored by the Salt Lake Council of years.

Recitals T osseshave ofbeenchurchreducedpropertyfrom $42,868.66from fire Religious Groups. Schreiner Organ

in 1941 to $6,135.82 in 1943, a recent Welfare Gardens A lexander Schreiner, assistant Salt

report from the presiding bishopric "NJeed for welfare gardens to supply * Lake Tabernacle organist plays a shows.. fresh vegetables for table use and series of recitals during March, April,

222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

and May in twentyseven cities from liam B. Smith.

Stake, Star Valley Wilford Etna Ward, in coastto-coast. pauses halfway for Auxiliaries He Assignments

succeeeds A. Calvin Clark Bateman. A. to Salt to City his tour to return Lake

to Angeles schedule adopted ccording South a Park Los Walnut Ward, A fourthe at one provide hundred music ** Clifford Stake, succeeds Benjamin Wright Board by the Church Union the church. general conference of teenth Bigler. Erin D. (comprised representatives of of

Bishops, Presiding Elders church)the auxiliary, the PrimaryorganizationsAssociationof wasthe rillManillaN. WarnickWard, succeedsTimpanogosHelgeStake,V. SwenMer-

first to son. the of quarter 1944 Stake, Blackfoot Karl assigned Ward,Aberdeen

Midway First Ward, Wasatch Stake, Althe present the stake eveon program Kendell. succeeds T. Duffin William

North Ogden Ward, Ben Lomond Stake, ning of quarterly conference Sunday bert F. Kohler succeeds George W. Johnson.

Heber Campbell.J. Heiner, Jr., succeeds Harold S. ininvitesstakesanwhereauxiliarythe stakeorganizationpresidencyto Missionaries Released

Sterling Ward, Blackfoot Stake, Paul J. conduct the exercises. The Sunday '"pHE following were released during

the quarter, *- School given second was E. succeeds Charles Nielson Humphreys. preothers 1944, not and January

third the the Genealogical Society, Branch, Canal G. Zone Wilbur Webb viously reported quarter, the Relief Society, the and L. succeeds Hunsaker. Otto

Piatt, Salt Brazilian: City. Richard Benjamin Lake quarter. fourth M.I.A. asThe was Springville Stake, Fourth Kolob Ward, Heitlager California: Bruin, Johanna Utah: Ogden,

first the signed of quarter 1945. Bruin, UnJohannes Utah; Arlan Lewis Ogden, Anderson, Robertsucceeds A. ChristensenGlen G. Leo

Shelley, Petersen, Idaho; Springville. Joseph Mart the der arrangement, auxiliaries the son.

Salt Sperry, Rose Thomsen Lake City; Utah; Don rotate. example, the organizaFor Stake, Robert Boulder City Ward, Moapa Jeannette Varaia, Kirtland, Mexico; William New

tion the having first quarter in 1944 Crandall, Salt City. Lake Howard succeeds Dudley Gibson M. Leavitt.Owen

Central: Rider Idaho; Sugar John Holman, will be given the second quarter in Stake, Second Ward, Nampa, Nampa Morrill. Tridell, LarHorace Utah; Jr., LeRoy City.Wayne 1945. succeeds Erickson R. EldonWarren J. Bicknell, Brinkerhoff, sen Utah; Floyd Woodfield. J.

Yorgason. Ogden, Utah.

Eastern: Falls, Randall Idaho Idaho; Ward, Wayne Stake, Caldwell Joseph Ward, Nampa

Phillips, Falls, Idaho Idaho; Edward John Ison succeeds WilliamRichmond Lee JohnBridgeland Ward, Duchesne Stake, AlJosephSterling Morgan, Rose, Richard Utah; Noyes, Lyman

son. worth Anson Call succeeds Lyle L. Young. Hollywood, California; Clarence Budd Johnson,

Jones, Utah; Donald Arizona. Elmo Duncan, Branch, Stake, Lanakila Utahn Duchesne George Ogden, Ward, Oahu Stake, Fred Ellis

Central: Field, East Falls, Harvey Idaho Henry Herbertsucceeds succeeds Samuel Lang Apuna. Wright. Wells Idaho; Black, Floyd Harper, Harley Richard Oregon;

First Ward, Park Stake, J. Alvin Butler Emery Ward, Emery Stake, Byron C. Jackson Coulam, Salt Lake City; Wayne Penrose Idaho; Louis PleasKent. Malad, Harvey, Eugene F.succeeds Peacock Bromley. L. succeeds William Gerald Olsen.

ant Grove, Utah; Barton, Garth Cloyd Tropic, Utah. Pocatello Eighth Pocatello Stake, Plain City Farr Stake, ElWard, Ward, West Mexican: Robinson, Leland Claude Colonia Dublan,

Alton M. Alexander succeeds Jared O. Anvin H. Maw succeeds Charles L. Heslop. Chihuahua, Mexico.

Blaine Preston, England: Wilford Dunkley. Newderson. Torrence Stake, Inglewood Ward,

Clifford RayIdaho; Crooks, Shelley, Idaho; Duane Donald A. Larson succeeds Wilford Yost Ward, Raft River Stake, Don C. mond H. NewStenquist, George Utah. Tremonton,

Loveland succeeds Morris A. Smith. land. North Central: Clair Howell Lundberg, Malad,

Idaho; Hilton, Jensen Clyde Rexburg, Idaho; William Springville Stake, Eldon E. WittStake, Ward, Kolob Reno Reno First Ward,

Franklin Phoenix, Arizona. E. Abbott. succeedswer succeeds Vaughn Howard G. C. Maycock Andrew Northern: Clapor Booth, Provo, Butler,Wayne Utah; Basalt Ward, Shelley Stake, Austin G. Peterson. Goddard McBride, Grantsville, Utah; Kenneth ParleyGlen

Idaho; Rigby, Felize Ida Swain, Phoenix, Arisucceeds Frank V. Christensen. Stake,Brown Moroni Moroni West Ward, FenEllis,zona. St. succeeds Nutrioso T. Draper Johns Jensen. Ward, A. Morris Stake, J. Grant ton Hurricane, Northwestern: Bradshaw, Que Utah.

Falls First Wilkins. succeeds Ernest IdahoBurk North Idaho Ward, Southern: Rexburg, Asael Idaho; Lyman, Bryce

Scipio, Whitham PeterMemmott, Blair Utah; Arvel Seattle Stake, Stake, Clark Falls Bishop Anne Ward, succeeds Queen Harold James

son, City, Spring Utah; Darrow McCarthy, Dean Oak- L. succeeds Killpack. William H. ClawMarden James Wood land, California; Robert Idaho; L. Archibald, Rexburg,

son. Sixteenth Ogden North Ward, Ehlert, Alta., Richard Magrath, Weber John Charles Canada;

Zufeldt, Lawrence Colorado; First Redmesa, Bryan Stake, Stake, Rudell West VicLewiston Benson Curtis succeeds Ward, H. T Willey Belnap, Farrell Utah; Bell, Ogden, Richmond, Jamestor succeeds Marshall. Waddoups Dow Lewis. Harris Utah; Gerald Sagers, Utah. John,

City Third Brigham Stake, Box Elder Alameda Oakland Ward, Ward, G. John SpanishAmerican: Grant Moon, Malad, CampSt.

Stake, Eberhart Zundel succeeds William Rooks succeeds Wendell M. Jensen. ho; Arnold James Irvine, Salt Lake City; MarsdenIdaLarson, Taylor, Arizona; Grant Eldredge Mann, Stayner. SixthH. Stake, Ogden Ward, Ogden Johnty AlofSalt City; Lake Salt City; John Lake Reed Poulton, Spring succeeds Glen Ward, Carbon Stake, Stan- F. Evans. Young Lawrence H. Clarkston, Lewis Wendell Phyllis Thompson, Utah;

ley R. Judd succeeds Silas Rowley. Ogden Twentieth Ward, Ogden Stake, Marcella Bowden, Salt Lake City.

Texas: Jeffers, Salt Williamson City; Jay Lake B. Wellington Carbon Belnap succeeds Stake, Grant Volney Arias Ward, G. Belnap.

Salt Arthur City; Albert Mendenhall, Lake L. Draper. Gerber succeeds Asa Stake,M. Stanley Enoch Parowan Ward, Krebs, Logan, Utah; A. LeoGerald Willard Guymon, Jay

Blanding, Verdell Deseret Stake, Hile Hinckley Utah; Moss, succeeds Franklin Rockland, Smith Vernon Ward, Armstrong. W.

California. R. Prince, Diego, Floyd SanR. Benjamin Bishop succeeds Fallon Stake, H. Robison. Ward, Royal D. Idaho; Reno

States: Nellie Clearfield, Western Smith White. Stake, Cassia Miller. Marion succeeds Martin George Ward, G. W. Crook Utah.

Cranney succeeds Samuel B. Crane. Garvanza Ward, San Fernando Stake, R. Western Canadian: Emerson Dale Kirkham, Salt

City; Tuttle, Lake Keller Manti, Robert Utah; Wayne Stake, Delta Third succeeds Ward, Deseret Eldon Overlade Gunn. Harold

Alta.. Hanna, Canada; Windsor. Egbert Jack HendLathel Callister Chris-J. succeeds Bountiful Lorenzo H. South Second Ward, Davis ricks, Idaho; Parker, Harding Mantua, Jensen, Worth

tensen. Stake, Samuel Lloyd Riley succeeds WilUtah; Leon Franklin Jenkins, Freedom, Wyoming.

first boys ate, this picture L.D.S. have taken row: to E. Tippets, met in Joseph Caledonia Salt who City; New David Lake R. Cheney, Ephraim, NEW Utah; Keith

Ofsen, Lerry, Ephraim,CALEDONIA—Utah; Morris Spring City, B. Ephraim, R. Idaho; Orin Utah; Hansen, Paul Utah; Bates, Driggs, Lloyd Haven, M. Ogden, Utah; Daniel Wassencroft, W.

Pocatello, Idaho. Second row: Jack R. Price, Pocatello, Idaho; Rollo Fullmer, Circleville, Utah; Gordon C. Dean, Ephraim, Utah; Roger T. Rasmussen, Ephraim, Utah; Lloyd

Christensen, Ephraim, Utah; Gerald Myrup, Centerfield, Utah; Ballard Christiansoti, Fountain Green, Utah; Rudolph Stockseth, Salt Lake City, Utah; Louis P. Roundy, Boise,

Idaho; Chaplain Howard C. Evans, Lehi, Utah. Third row: Ralph Cannon (American Red Cross), Ephraim, Utah; T. C. Blake, Safford, Arizona; Sherl R. Ericksen, Mt. Pleasant,

Utah; Ellis W. Layne, Portland, Oregon; Phil G. Squire, Mt. Pleasant, Utah; Don Christensen, Ephraim, Utah; Carling H. Childs, Springfield, Utah; Herman L. Bingham, Vernal,

Utah; Ray M. Horrocks, Vernal, Utah; William D. Luke, Kingston, Utah; Carling D. Allen, Kingston, Utah; James 0. Thirist, Las Vegas, Nevada; Ernest M. Thomas, Wales,

Utah; Milton L. Perkins, Salt Lake City, Utah.

APRIL, 1944 223

He always carries with him a song book and a pocketsize edition of the New Testament and the Book of

Mormon. Settling himself in his seat aboard train, boat, Editorials or plane, he offers a silent prayer and thumbs through

the song book to select a hymn which he reads through verse by verse, thoughtfully, the melody running through his head. That is his opening. He cannot partake of

the sacrament, of course, but he selects another song

Konfemnce r/otice and follows it with a brief scriptural quotation as a memory gem. That done, he quietly proceeds to his

or chapter or two Testament from New "lesson"—a

thinks about, he studies which and HPhe One Hundred Fourteenth Annual ConferBook of Mormon * ence of the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattercarrying on a mental questionand-answer discussion day Saints will be held in the Salt Lake Taberwith himself. Still adhering to habitual Sunday School

nacle on April 6, 7, and 9, 1944. procedure, he concludes his Sabbath reveries with a

The attendance at the conference because of silent hymn and benediction.

increasing difficulty in transportation, both by That routine, followed for years, may seem nonsense automobile and by railroad train, will be limited to some people, but for this man it has been a source of to the following: strength. Falling into this familiar Sunday pattern has

General Authorities of the Church, Presidencies been a steadying influence in his life. It has been his rod

of Stakes and Stake Clerks, Former Presidencies and his staff, a firm foothold on known paths even while of Stakes, Patriarchs, High Councilmen, Presihe moved in unfamiliar places.

dencies of High Priests Quorums, Presidencies of We are not suggesting that everyone should imSeventies Quorums, Presidencies of Elders Quomediately conduct Sunday School in the first person rums, Temple Presidencies, Bishoprics of Wards, singular wherever he finds himself on the Sabbath. That

Presidencies of Independent Branches in orwould have little meaning. But we are suggesting that

ganized Stakes, Presidents of Dependent Branches for everyone there are similar holdfasts on familiar in organized Stakes, Presidents of Missions on things which, by recalling old associations and ideals, mainland of U.S., Canada and Mexico, Presidents become sure guides in time of need. More powerful

of Stake Missions, Superintendency and Priestthan any talisman, they are the keepers of the house of hood members of Deseret Sunday School Union the spirit.

Board, Superintendency and members of General Admiral Byrd at one time ventured out from his hut

Board of the Y.M.M.I.A., Commissioner, Semiinto the Antarctic darkness too far beyond his marked

nary Supervisors, and members of the Church course. Out where even the stars were unfamiliar, he

Board of Education. suffered the agonies of a man lost beyond all hope of

The sessions of the Conference will be held as rescue. Until he stumbled upon one of the markers and

follows found his way back to things known, he felt as comforebodingly alone and has as any perhaps man Thursday, April 6, 10:00 a.m., 2:00 p.m. pletely

it Spiritually, ever felt. is possible feel lost as as to

Friday, April 7, 10:00 a.m., 2:00 p.m., 7:00 p.m. that. It is an experience that we and our boys and girls

Sunday, April 9, 10:00 a.m., 2 p.m. away from home can spare ourselves by the simple

Instructions will be issued through the Presiexercise of faith and conformity to what in our lives dencies of Stakes regarding admission to the we have come to recognize as the known way.—W. M.

Temple Square grounds.

SuppUi vants W Cpring,its advancethe timeallofunawaremiracles,thatis heremenagainat homeand andmakesin distant parts of the world are at odds with each other the grass grows green in camp as in the meadow.

As we follow in its wake with our plows and tractors and rakes and seed drills and our high hopes, we may remember the abundant harvests of last year and pause to seek the blessings of sun, wind, and rain upon another year's plantings.

We may remember, too, that only the meek shall inherit the earth. Though there are places where the

arrogant possess it for a time, they know only how to

The First Presidency destroy it. The meek, aware that they are themselves

creatures in a divinely planned creation, are the true husbandmen of its resources. Dependent on their Creator and understanding his laws, when adversity comes

they are like grass that bends and flattens before the wind, but does not break. As long as life endures and

Jke J\Vinou/n ay as surely as there is a spring, the earth is theirs again to yield them a rightful inheritance.

VS7e aknowpart ofa manhis lifewhothathasevenmadewhenSundayhe isSchoolaway fromsuch lowThebecauseman withhe isthemeek.hoe is Whethernot necessarilyamateura simplegardenersfelhome on Sunday—as he often is, on business trips or lifelong farmers, we are suppliants all. May we be

he holds Sunday School all by himself, no matter where wise and worthy stewards of our little plot of earth in he is or under what circumstances. the season that is upon us. W. M.

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Our fathers and mothers, brothers, sisters and friends who have passed away from this earth, having been faithful, and a privileges, rights these and may have worthy to enjoy Evidences and their friends upon and relatives to visit mission given them the earth again, bringing from the divine presence messages of love, of warning, of reproof or instruction, to those whom reconciliations they had learned to love in the flesh. (Gospel Doctrine, p.

436.) angel visitors are many. of angelic purposes An The

( Gen. 3 the tree of life set: 24 ) to guard the way of IxxulL—Aire Jhere L/uardian Mnaels ( was

HPhere are hosts of personages in the unseen world. to remonstrate with Balaam (Num. 22:2227); to anthe birth (Judges 13), of the John of Samson nounce are as mesLord used by the these, many * Among

1 ): 2021 Baptist Jesus (Matt. 1: 1120), and of (Luke is his doctrine purposes. sengers This to accomplish

( Matt. substantiated by numerous statements in the standard to warn Joseph to escape with Jesus into Egypt

church works and in sermons by church leaders. 2:13); to teach Peter the universality of the gospel

revelation in anof were Angels means 10:3). (Acts said: Brigham Young of other cient days. and guided Book Nephi They

his is angels are us, here person, but not in with Lord The visited In characters. Joseph our Moroni day Mormon

.. is angels, his us. agents, the here ready around by He visitors, instructed angelic other Smith; had he and who

... Spirit of Priesthood. the His and. power and by Holy

There is much in my presence besides those who sit here, if him in the gospel and in his work.

we had eyes to see the heavenly beings that are in our It would appear also from numerous statements that presence. (Discourses, pp. 41, 42.) angels have often been sent out to execute judgments

John Taylor confirmed this view. upon the wicked. David sang, "Let them be as chaff

The angels that have gone forth at sundry times to execute before the wind: and let the angel of the Lord chase

the decrees of God, fully substantiate this fact: Abraham, them. Let their way be dark and slippery: and let the

Hagar, Jacob, Balaam, Joshua, Gideon, together with the angel of the Lord persecute them."(Psalms 35:5, 6.)

enemies of the Lord are the witnesses who knew the power Angels were sent to destroy Sodom (Gen. 19:1-25);

and offices of angels on earth. and to smite the Assyrians (II Kings 19:35). The

of angels, of the or action messengers our God, upon The shall said, himself send forth Savior "The Son of man past, present, the things minds, heart conceive so that can all his of angels, gather they shall his kingdom out and is, revelations world, the eternal to come, from and and among a majority of mankind, a greater mystery than all the secrets things that offend, and them which do iniquity."(Matt.

of philosophy, literature, superstition, and bigotry, put to13:41.)

gether. Though some men try to deny it, and some try to However, the main service of angels on earth is

is the still there explain testimony meaning, so much away clearly are to humankind. watchto be helpers They

in Bible, the the portion of world, a respectable and among protecting of need. to us in hours and ministering that the out of men, well as undertake one water might to throw

this world into the moon with a teaspoon, as to do away John Taylor says, "The angels are our watchmen, for with the supervision of angels upon the human mind.... Satan said to Jesus: 'He shall give his angels charge

But, without going into a particular detail of the offices and concerning thee: and in their hands they shall bear

duties of the different grades of angels, let us close by saying thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a that angels gather the elect, and pluck out all that offends. stone.'(Matt. 4:6.) It would seem from a careful

transpires police are the of report whatever heaven and They the scriptures, perusal angels, that of the while God petitions supplications earth, carry the of men, and on and earth, in this the Saints has stay to lower upon world... children to of the mansions remembrance. and women,

off evil."p. 31.) ward Gospel The Kingdom, (The Gospel Kingdom, p. (The 31.)

There are at least three classes of angels: spirits who lyscripturesvisitors areare ministeringreplete withangelsevidence,for thethatrighteous.these heavenThus

to the yet attained earth estate, have not not and do to angel brought food courage an Gen. 16:7); Hagar (

celestialized bodies; earthly possess personages who the Elijah to Daniel against 19:5-8); (I Kings protected

have lived on earth, but have not yet been resurrected; lions (Dan. 6:22); and secured the release of Peter

and, those who have gone through the earth experience from prison. (Acts 12:17.)

and have been resurrected. Occasionally, also, holy

men, yet living, are spoken of in the scriptures, as Undoubtedly angels often guard us from accidents angels. and harm, from temptation and sin. They may properly

of angels. as be spoken guardian people have Many

is It generally that believed angels earth come on who borne bear testimony the proand to guidance and may for purpose lived whatsoever are beings any have who tection that they sources received have from beyond it. on is confirmed This the Smith, Prophet by Joseph their vision. natural the receive help that Without we

said, are this to angels minister "There no who who Spirit, the from constant presence of the from Holy and earth those it."but belong belonged to or do have who possible difficulties angels, life holy the of would (D.6C. 130:5.) greatly multiplied. be

President Joseph F. Smith said: The common belief, however, that to every person

Therefore, messengers to minister to sent are the when is into inborn assigned the world angel to be a guardian this habitants earth, of are strangers, they not but the from that with constantly, person availis not supported by ranks friends, kindred, fellowbeings, of our and fellowand

It is able evidence. very at comforting thought, a but servants. ancient died prophets those The were who who

its present without proof correctness. of angel may An visit their to fellow creatures came the earth. upon They

came to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob; it was such beings—be a guardian angel though he come only as assigned to

holy beings if you please—who waited upon the Savior and give us special help. In fact, the constant presence of

administered to him on the Mount. The angel that visited the Holy Spirit would seem to make such a constant,

John, when an exile,,.. was one who had been here, who angelic companionship unnecessary.

toiled had and suffered the people with in common of God;

for you to remember about and So, until further knowledge is obtained, we may say... was that John fall down

worship him, but was peremptorily forbidden to do so. "See that angels may be sent to guard us according to our

thou do it not: for I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren need; but we cannot say with certainty that there is a

the prophets...."(Rev. 22:9.) (Gospel Doctrine, pp. 435, special guardian angel, to be with every person con436.) stantly.

President Joseph F. Smith suggested that it is possible (See also, "What Is An Angel?"The Improvement

that our departed loved ones may be sent to help us Era, Vol. 46, p. 97 (February 1943); also in Evidence?

who yet live on earth. and Reconciliations, p. 90.)—/. A. W.

APRIL, 1944 225 Homing fTFT'TTTTT"

ended with a gnarled hand clutching

laughed. together. (standima 6 wentout at the audience. We screamed, then All theWekidsdidn'tontellourourblockparents the nature of the pictures, but I

did tell Grandma.

"Ten years from now, will you be TENYEAR TEST proud of having seen such pictures?"

Grandma asked.

Dm ocaua oph&ovi "But all the kids go,"I argued.

"If you would save your money you could see something really fine,"GrandWelsh grandmother was little And so I read Little Women, disma said. "You know Uncle Tom's

Cabin is coming soon."MY and dainty and lively in both cussed it with Grandma, took it to her

mind and body. She lived next house where she read certain parts I don't know how Grandma won this

door to us for two years when I was aloud while I stretched out on her argument, but I did stop attending our twelve and thirteen. Every day just feather bed. Saturday night shows, and I told my

after lunch, I made it a point to call on A moving picture show opened in our mother about them. When an excelGrandma, knowing I should find her town. Every Saturday night it presented lent production of Uncle Tom's Cabin

"washing up."Her hair hung down an episode of a bloodcurdling advencame to our town, I attended with

her back in a slender, dark pigtail, and ture that no one wanted to miss. Each Grandma.

around her face it curled from the warm wash water. Grandma scrubbed

her face until it was pink, then unbraided her hair, brushed it many times to the very tip. While this was going

on I sat on her wonderfully soft feather bed, watching, talking. Between us was

a closeness we didn't feel after Grandma put on a black dress with a snow white ruching at the neck, and pinned up her long hair. We talked of shows, and

books, and people, of squabbles among neighborhood children, of world events.

Grandma, never in a hurry to dress, often sat beside me on the squashy bed.

"I'm reading the most exciting book now,"I told her one day. "It's about a

boy named Tom and his airplane."

Grandma questioned me about the book, then asked, "In ten years from now, will you be any better off for having read that book?"

"Well, no,"I admitted, thinking how very old I should be in ten years, "but

I wouldn't remember any book that long."Grandma spoke softly. "If you would Illustrated by read Little Women, you would rememJohn Henry Evans. Jr.

ber it the rest of your life."

uncle mrs Monday mowing hoevown y5Sr*FAULTLESS TOWN FUNNIES,

GtT GOO\? OVJ"

STARCH, f j uck AIfNiOltSS1 IV or Voud GROCeoS

226 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r randma has been gone over twenty -* years. I remember clearly the books

she persuaded me to read, the shows she persuaded me to see. I find myself applying her tenyear test even today. I

know now the period of time was not important. Grandma might have said

six months, or twenty years. She believed in having good memories, rich

memories, memories to be proud of for a long time to come.

A group of girls asked to use my rose arbor as a meeting place while the church was being renovated. My first

thought was to refuse. They could USE THE DURKEE TROCO MOLD

break down my shrubs or flowers. But TO SERVE MARGARINE IN

I did not refuse. I thought of GrandATTRACTIVE CUBES

ma. A few flowers were broken off, but Ask your grocer for a Durkee Troco

ten years from now I shall be glad a Margarine Mold... only 49c with

fine bunch of girls enjoyed my garden, the purchase of apound of Durkee's and the group, which might have lost Troco Margarine.

members during summer, grew to twice its size.

In my limited leisure I decided to read Yes, Durkee's Troco bestseller. Before frank shockinglya Margarine is good on corn bread

shelf the library fromI took the book

I thought of Grandma, and chose a because it's so mild... so sweet

story of a pioneer mother's splendid... so countryfresh in flavor.

courage.

I had to drive to Mount Hamilton.

Whom should I ask to go along—the

lonesome, talkative old lady next door, or my interesting little niece who rides until she is tired of it? I thought of

Grandma, asked the old lady, and gave.OLEOMARGARINEJ

will her thather an experience make CHURNED WITH FRESH old the for days. I admit musthappier

lady's pleasure gives me satisfaction. PASTEURIZED

Yes, I am thankful to Grandma for SKIM MILK the lesson she taught me long ago when

I was a little girl sitting on the edge of a wonderfully soft feather bed.

A-l baking success GUARANTEED

nativeyou're or a newcomer a T X THETHER Haidf Hint afford to this daughter, can't miss you famous flour. For over 40 years enriched

Globe "AI"Flour has been made by western

Payment for Handy Hints used will be millers for western baking conditions. Bread,

publication. dollar the eventone In upon

rolls, cakes, pies, cookies or casserole topping,that the submitted, two with same idea are the one postmarked earlier will receive the will all bring praise from your family. And you're

dollar. None of the ideas can be returned, GUARANTEED perfect results or your money back

but each will receive careful consideration. for ALL ingredients. Read the amazing guarantee below... and try Globe "Al"in your own

To keep dishes, especially plates, standkitchen. It's A-l quality will speak for itself.

ing secure at the back of any shelf, screw flat curtain rod, groove side up, to the shelf.

—5. H., Mattoon, III.

Save all your sweet pickle vinegar. It isfull of rich spices which are so hard to get GLOBE FLOURnow and also has an abundance of sugar. "Al"

It is delicious on salads and adds a zest to spinach, chard, and beet greens. It is good

on beets, too.—Mrs. R. W. S., Denver,

Colorado.

Strips of old rayon hose are excellent for tying tomato plants to stakes.

To mend or darn a nice dress, use threads pulled from the seams of the dress. Mrs. J.

E. W., Burley, Idaho.

When windows are left open, breezes blow the curtains in and out and soon they become soiled and untidy. To avoid this,

sew small white snaps on the two bottom corners of the curtains and about a third of the way up. It takes only a jiffy to snap or

unsnap them. Mrs. M. H., Salt Lake City.

APRIL, 1944 227 Cook's Corner

Josephine B. Nichols

SPRING SPECIALS WITH NOPOINT OR LOWPOINT FOODS Hot Ham Mold 3 cups cooked ground ham 2>/4 cups soft bread crumbs 1J/2 cups milk 34 t- pepper 3 tb. grated onion

3 eggs 13 tb. chopped parsley

Combine all ingredients with the well beaten eggs. Pour into a well greased ring

mold. Place in a pan of hot water and

bake in a moderate oven 350 F. for one

hour. Turn on to a hot platter and fill

center with hot cooked potatoes, carrots, turnips, and green peas.

Easter Egg Nests

Slice bread oneinch thick, trim off crusts, and cut a one and onehalf inch hole in the center, leaving 32inch wall on the bottom. Dot inside of hole with softened

butter. Drop an egg in the center of each

Hearts are glad when the Easter slice.top withSeasonbutter.with salt and pepper and dot

Bake on cooky sheet in a moderate oven 350 F. for 25 minutes or until eggs are

remembrance is a box of Glade's set and slices browned. Serve hot, with

bacon or sausage.

Spring Salad

delicious Chocolates always the 1 head lettuce Y2 pound spinach 1 bunch spring onions it perfect gift to one you revere. 1 bunch radishes

Chill and chop the raw spinach and lettuce. Slice onions and radishes thin and

toss through the spinach and lettuce. Serve

IF IT'S GLADE'S IT'S GOOD with evaporated milk dressing.

Evaporated Milk Dressing 2 cup sugar cup vinegar

t. salt Y2x/l cup evaporated milk

Add sugar to vinegar and stir until sugar is dissolved. Beat in milk until mixture

thickens.

Mi Hot Cross Buns %is 2 cakes compressed yeast 2 tb. sugar

2 cups, milk, scalded and cooled 7 cups sifted flour

sugar cup APOLOGIZE WE KEForOVERFIFmEARS Y2 cup shortening t. salt in short or other comings any delays Y2

eggs, 2 well beaten Aids in treatment of Canker, simple forservice. HIGHLY GET THE CANNOT

sore throat, and other minor mouth SPECIALIZED PERSONS NECESSARY in 1 tb. orange rind, grated

and throat irritations. our business. This means we must have Y2 cup raisins or currants

orders far in advance of production date. Make a sponge of yeast, milk, 2 tablefat, flour. half sugar, the spoons and When HELP NEEDED YOUR light salt, rest rind, of sugar,Hall's orange add Canker Remedy

the best costumes assure and technical egC|S, raisins currants. or City, Utah to and 536 East 2nd enough Add So.—at Salt Lake

for productions. support your stiff flour to a moderately dough. make

GIVE US A LIFT—NOW Knead well. Let rise until double in bulk,

roll out 3'inch thick and cut rounds 3

JPul "jicl'HILLAM'S10 Rooms ofCOSTUMESplendid CostumesSHOP inchespan. Coverin diameter.and let Placerise againin welluntilgreasedlight

hour). (about tops one with Brush beaten follow Will your boy and bring him Constitution Building knife egg. a cross sharp cut a With on the of the church. news Street 34 So. Main hof'. of top in bun. at each a Bake oven

City, Salt Lake Utah $2.00 12 issues 425 fill F. 20 minutes. about hot Whue

cross with plain icing.

228 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Plain Icing

water 4 teaspoons milk or warm Add 1 to GET YOUR SHARE OF to sugarslowly cup sifted confectioner's make a smooth thick paste. Add Y teaspoon vanilla. SPRING NUTRITION!

Lemon Gelatin Dessert lemon, quicksetting, gelatin (DjunL hot water %1 packagecup juice cup lemon 32 1 t. grated lemon rind

1 cup sugar 1 tall can evaporated milk, chilled 2 cups graham cracker crumbs MA1D-0-BARLEY 4 tb. butter

water. gelatin in hot Dissolve Add lemon to

rind,juice, grated and sugar. lemon Let prepare—ContainsDelicious and satisfyingno drugs.to the taste—Easy

light. until stage. Beat tocool Beat syrup

until stiff.chilled milk evaporated Fold in For Sale at All Good Grocers wellgelatin butter and mix mixture. Melt

into cracker crumbs. Place layer of butIf not obtainable in your community, we will mail

tered crumbs in cake pan then layer of gelayou (prepaid) tin mixture. Top with crumbs. Chill.

Serve with whipped cream or garnish 4 lbs. $1.00—1 lb. Pkg. 29c

with pineapple orange marmalade.

Roasted and Packed by Aids to Gardening WISDDM FDDDS (Continued from page 197) 150 Pacific Ave. Salt Lake City, Utah

should be selected from among those that are enjoyed by the family members.

However, such crops as tomatoes, snap beans; greens, such as lettuce, spinach,

or swiss chard; and root crops, such as

carrots or yellow rutabagas should, because of their high nutritive value, be given preference. Most of these crops

also lend themselves to interplantings, thus thoroughly utilizing the land available.

Preparing the Seed Bed Prepare the soil by deep plowing or spading and careful harrowing or raking for fine tilth and freedom from clods.

Deep preparation should also encourage deep rooting of the crops. Care

while plowing to avoidshould be taken soil is toothe tends INSTANT COOKING wet, ground as such to form clods and becomes unnecessarily hard. WHOLE WHEAT CEREAL

Wellrotted barnyard manure, or the

.. ismaterial prothe compost from heap appetite in the air your. and has disQSpring of organic source mattervides a good it for to bring appeared. is indicated Something back

for mixing with the garden soil. Organic

matter helps to hold moisture, and tends breakfast... else the whole day is lost.

to prevent baking or cracking of heavy Now! Think of a tastetempting appetizing bowl of

soils. In addition, it serves as a source hot ZOOM for breakfast! There's your "tonic"... and nutrients for plantof growth.

Since fertilizer requirements are so your nourishing breakfast all in one.

varied throughout the country, informaEvery busy homemaker should know about ZOOM tion should needs secured on be from.. here no rimewaster cooks the INSTANT. ZOOM

local authorities. However, when

salted, boiling stir it into water. a you fertilizer iscommercial used, a good

method of applying it is to broadcast LISTEN TO: James Abbe Observes daily on the

about onehalf with the manure to the Blue Network 7:30 A.M., P.W.T.

surface of the soil before it is plowed.

The remaining fertilizer can be mixed thoroughly with the surface soil before the plants are set or the seed is sown.

.. Seed Early Buy we omit

sufficient of Be assured seed for your The Second War in Heaven A COMPLETE garden at planting time by buying your My book gives a PHILOSOPHY OF LIFE from ENGRAVING SERVICE seeds early. Do not overplant and Heaven's point of view and SMOKES OUT From Missionary Portraits to the Largest

waste seed. LUCIFER behind today's legions of destructiveCatalogues

ness. $1.50; two or more copies. $1.20 each. Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

Don't Plant Too Deep CO. UTAH ENGRAVING

Seed should not be covered too deepAddress: Prof. N. L. Nelson, Downey, Idaho 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

{Concluded on page 230) APRIL, 1944 229 GOOD IDEAS PUT YOUR BEST FRAMES FORWARD AT By Peter Hunt

AND DEALERS

>ti *****

<><t>

"VJi Tho would believe that old frames Make an X with the legs on the floor, * such as these could ever become the top and bottom of the X measuring the handsome objects pictured here? the same as the width of your frame.

You, too, undoubtedly have a discarded Mark the crossing point of each leg frame that can be thus transformed. while it is in position, and saw halffit together Build a wooden box with shelves way through so that they'll

evenly spaced in it and fasten it in an jigsaw puzzle fashion. Glue them and

old frame. Paint white, and antique it put a long screw through to secure them

fAoVce if you wish. The result will be a handto the stretcher. Attach the top to the

some shadowbox wall shelf. frame and there you are. This table is

table. piece cut a a low Just plywood it's Perhaps you're an oval frame

it opening, >9e* to A weighty frame is ideal to make into beautifulenamel. in white and Bermuda blue fit the secure as you would thinking of throwing Don't away. do

a picture. For legs, use old chair legs, it! Cut a piece of plywood to fit the

the table legs to useless or cut down entire securely. fasten >'back and Then

heights, crossGet proper some or make it coral, paint by made mixing Chinese illustration. legs as in the in parts. red equal white and Decoratej'Vital Protein You'll the four pieces of sturdy need stripe with edge a black and wavy

the the of one piece white dots, same length, and then wood it's a clever cheesef from Tender Juicy the stretcher length be. tray. to want you Service. A Dupont

Gluten Steaks TRY THIS: Dip Gluten Steaks Aids to Gardening DREAMING

in egg batter and Rusket or (Concluded from page 229) By Lilith Shell

Fry cracker crumbs. 3 minutes ly. plant seed rule at a is to good A

hot! sizzling side. Serve each its smallest four times about of depth

diameter. Thus a small seed is sown HEN I come home, when war is done,

life must be a simple one.... Other Loma Linda Vegemeats at a depth of about oneeighth of an W My

inch, while a bean seed would be planted

Glutenburger deep. threefourths inch of about an night, soft morn, Star dust at wind at Proteena Nuteena planted deeper in a loose, be They may... hayfields shorn. of newly Fragrance Soy Vegelona

soil. soil than sandy in a heavy Mince W&

Disease Control Rain on the slopes, brooks running over,

Throughout the growing season, cauBuds bursting out, bees in red clover....

tion should be used in controlling any and all disease and insect infestation song, house, a you with Our little as such The may appear.

... long, oh, so diThese referred A "NO POINT"FOO0 whenpublicationsand make to give above my dreams

rections for control. long....

230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *******pwm. thsL QamftA.

c/o Postmaster, San Francisco Dear Dr. Widtsoe:

It is amazing to me that a man as busy as you are could find time to do something individually for a group of men who merely got together to give you the common courtesy of a birthday greeting. However, I intend to keep the bread cast on the waters by

giving this booklet, "What Is Mormonism?".-.

to as many others as I can, after I review it myself. It is one of the best pamphlets the

church has, I believe, to introduce the gospel to Wethosecontinueinterested.to find the Era a most welcome friend, and read practically everything

is regular the only issue. Itin about every the 3 lltricfiuL dUdJbhkoL activities and church ofword we receive

official word of the leaders. We are looking for the arrival of the conference edition

any day now. Thanks again for your kindness. WESTERN BOOKS

Sincerely, WITH A RICH BACKGROUND

Thornton Y. Booth, T/5 OF MORMON LORE

Burnwood, Louisiana &y* PAUL BAILEY

Dear Era: irlL VjAY OAIJNI—a powerful novel built around the life of want to take this chance to thank and

I congratulate the Era on the wonderful Sam Brannan, Mormon pioneer leader in California; packed with adjob they are doing of bringing the church a venture, romance, achievement, and changes of fortune in the pioneer

little closer to us boys in the service. and gold rush era. Read "The Gay Saint"—and know your America

the since the receiving I have Era been and the West better than you have ever known them before. Price

issue forfirst the of each year and wait new it is for a $2.50. arms, receive it with openand

moments.source of comfort and joy in those blue oAJVL dKAJNJNAJN—a biography. Among all the notable—and

Again may I compliment you on the wonnotorious—characters of the Old West, Sam Brannan, the Mormon

for thederful church are doing job you in and leader who settled the bringing for churchgospel a little and

Colorful, stands almost alone. Californiadynamic—aand proceededdreamer toandmakea doer—thishistory, service. in to soldier thecloser another

Pvt. Lyman E. Smith man left the imprint of his genius in the foundations of a great state. Here is history—with the gripping interest of imaginative fiction.

Price, $1.75.

Norman, Oklahoma Dear Friends: FOR THIS MY GLORY a novel based on the great Moram writing to you to express my deep apmon exodus in search of freedom and safety. It takes the reader

I preciation for the work you are doing in westward from the persecution of mobs to the "valleys of the mounpublishing our churchediting and magazine. tains."Here are western romance and adventure at their best. A enjoyment and satisfactionI receive more

from the reading between its covers than story of simple faith, of sacrifice, hardship, and conquest... a story

from any other modernday church publicayou'll want to read... a story you'll long remember. Price, $2.50.

tion. Its pages contain a variety of reading

couldand be enjoyed by almost any person DTHER BOOKCRAFT BDDKS DF THE HDUR intelligence.of normal

Even youngsters could gain a lot of pracarticlestical science the from you knowledge ORDER NOW:

stories get could they thepublish and from THE BOOKCRAFT Street, Salt City 4, Utah CO State Lake 1465 South literature withentertaininginteresting and the below. checked send Please books their imaginations, swelling the of youngout

enclosed. order or check money the of the publicationsas so on cheap many C.O.D. Please send

do.newstands

$1.25 the In $2.25 Net Gospel Gospel Kingdom The I it is believe great thing can and do One A. Widtsoe John By Taylor John By

is all in cases great keepingdoing a.1 Reconciliations $1.85 many $2.50 Evidences and SaintGay J The

A. John Widtsoe By Bailey Paul By in fellows touch leadwith ourus Mormon

$1.25 of the Signs Times California the Brannan and Sam us.ers to the they give messages and Fielding Smith Joseph By mons Mor-—$1.75 I case, grateful for personal In am my my Bailey Paul to By $1.25 Perfection Way

.,.::... $2.50 Glory For This Fielding Smith to efforts forthreligion for the My Joseph By also put and

Paul Bailey By $3.00 the Colonizer in Brigham in fellows Young the the servcontact withkeep $1.50 This Always and Day Dr. R. Milton Hunter, Byice, radio broadcasts, through both and more L. Richard Evans By

$2.75 Thunderhead $1.50 the Hills Unto establishing mainteriijnce theimportant, and O'Hara By Mary L. Richard Evans By I of the church. theof branches many $3.00 Apostle The $2.75 Long, Long Ago wish J3

this staff editorial of the you,to thank wonSholem Asch By Woollcott Alexander By $3.50 Lincoln Abraham to.:derful guiding Era, and I hope light—the By James Dougherty Name..:.-..i......,.,.:.. pleas-;;. receiving gaining thecontinue it and $3.00 Surgeon Burma

ureful information contained in it. By Gordon S. Seagrave, M.D. Address:....., &>*

Sincerely, a faithful reader, Gospel StandardsBy Heber J. Grant $2.25 Your orders -will receive prompt attention.

Harvard N. Jensen, S 2/c

APRIL, 1944 231

Melchizedek Priesthood

yTyy Jry y yyyyyyr T8,. "la -aa, in, Ta.. Tit, t8. -Be. t*..,.at, g&. St.3a. T*. $ry jr'jrj

FIELDING PRIESTHOOD MELCHIZEDEKCONDUCTED SMITH, COUNCIL BY THE COMMITTEE OF OF THE THE TWELyE—JOSEPH A. CALLIS, G. CHARLES CLIFFORD CHAIRMAN; HAROLD B. LEE, EZRA T. BENSON, ROMNEY, MARION THOMAS E. MCKAY,

E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, NICHOLAS G. SMITH, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS, RUFUS K. HARDY

have been performed in the Logan Temple

Maintaining the sound principles, the QUORUM QUIZ this year.

** high standards and the worthy letter from Idaho asks: What fijUi&Dfud. UtsrigotoLideals of the church is an obligation de- A time should be devoted to reports In the Sweat of Thy Face

the committees time what and from priestthevolving of the quorums upon shalt thou face thy of the sweat *'Tn in instruction class should used be for cononly Thishood. can done be by * till the unto return eat bread, thou the or meeting? weekly group quorum living. effort rightstant and Those who the to devoted recomthe time did The 3:19.) (Gen. ground."Thus active strengthin usuallyare the church of course should study be mended first the parents unto our declare Lord inexert a themselvesen powerful and flexible, entirely the depending on existence temporal the governing lawfluence others with they on come whom for business. time needed quorum The to dwell family the of were who human is fraterin contact. service priesthood a quorum

all of principles earth. the Like upon nity, primarily not gospel study a stakes In of the and wards many is growth. of this gospel, a the law law are opportunity group. and Time missionaries stake teachers andward toil, to to ceased has ceased has for in gosprovided School who He Sunday

are needed to meet the conditions pel scholarship, but priesthood memclimb.

brought about by the war. The docbers need once a week to report on There is abroad in the world today a

trines and teachings of the church need current activities and plan new ones. spirit which would persuade men that

taughtto in is prescribed emphasized be and Gospel many Kingdom The increasing have of them ever number is an for time study only group influwhen are surrounded whichhomes by diidleness, in in "eat right to bread"a priestit is available, a genuine but detrimentalences to progress hapand In law. the to opposition Lord's rect dilifollowed assignment to be hoodpiness. bishop a would Every welcome founthe of councils heaven, before the in time, their gently members by ownlist in of these prospective imworkers laid this dations of earth and serwhen were for writings Taylor's and John

activities. inportant each survey A there studying. are eminently worth gospel proposed, the mons plan was

quorum should be undertaken to find stood one who advocated this doctrine.

qualifiedthose available are and who all to mankind projected a plan have He infor service the church. bearer Every part, effort their without on saved any priesthood the of as quorums from members in theof priesthood a laborer should be rejected. false his doctrine One but was fact, the as of In our wards. well membersthe vineyard. Lord's can decisions person saddest a of the all is in splendid progress stake making

other phases of genealogical work. Apmake is to determine to try to live withTemple- Priesthood Project proximately three hundred endowments out working. All true Latterday Saints

reject will doctrine that the any memGenealogical chairman of Poca-""The of capable are society of bers who tello Stake, Peter Brother H. JenPRIESTS HIGH EIGHTEENTH SOUTH WARD that in idleness, live or should working

sen, resends creditable the following

In priests, of of high this unusual group most capsociety are of members any whoport inspiration should which lawyers, be an missionaries, are have been found docto whom their living resources able of upon own tors, officers of general mechanics; tradesmen, two this in others important engagedmany

the former four presidents; mission church; six former live of the at pubthe expense should

ofwork stake seven presidents; bishops; three members the lic.

difhigih council. fourteen they speak them Among

years, ferent is languages. ninety the Oldest member quopriesthood Melchizedek Every 7th, third Tuesday, will be our March thirty. youngest to in should endeavor the church rum this priesthoodMelchizedek excursion year

left right; F. Seated, Charles Wilson, Nicholas to

its this all vital truth. teach to at time members exTemple, which the Logan J. Richards, Robins, we John C. Toronto, Joseph B.

Iverson, Lewis E. F. Jacob Swensen, Alfred Shelton,pect to the stake presidency, have present personal welfare Priesthood quorum

Joseph Kraus, Joshua Charles Jackson, Midgley, W. council,high of the members and many further. should go They F. committees Selden Duckworth, James A. Beckstrom, Edward

bishoprics and the Melchizedek priesthood Clawson, Edwin J. Longhurst, George Q. Morris. should induce the members of the quoin persons. excess exof one hundred This left right: Taylor, 0. to Standing, Espey Alma principle. this to with comply Any

E. Kirkham, James Cottam, Cannon, Amarum John M.cursion has or- T. been through arranged the

after priesthood bearer having who, J. R. sa Franklin Foulger, Rasmussen, William Home, in efforts stake priesthoodganized meeting

Jensen, T. Stevensen, Ezra I. Simons, Albert P. Ezra consideration to the foregoing given meetings.and quorum of our ward One Howells, S. Rulon George A. Welling, Harootum

genealogical committees has recently colVezerian, Walter 0. Lundgreen, Arthur E. Snow, principle, would voluntarily cease

Elias Elijah Nielsen, Harris, Weiler, M. F. livfor his lected G. working or refuse temple proxy anJohn to work and $40 for work

R. Lauglois, Jensen, Atkin, Fred Frank W.

of this $197; hasother ward (Concluded on come 235) page much J. by William Arthur R. Home. Willes.—SubmittedDavid

232 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by tfsiimfiuiEvt

Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

-THATTHE WETKEfOKMERS'The Baby Alligator Grows Up HPhe American Business Men's ReLITTLEVAWNG HAS GKOWN artist here con- * search Foundation "It's SO IN THEVAST TEN YEAK5 /tributed to the of phantasy a bit

Hard to Believe"series. It tells its own

story, but the artist adds a comment that may make the facts in the case more vivid still. He writes

So much was expected of little Repeal, before he was born, and that was the name selected for him, for nobody was to think of his father, Booze Business, at all.

Instead, the society ladies and the rich men and the politicians who were sponsoring him were to shape his destiny.

Let's see now, what was expected. Right

away, little Repeal was to reduce taxes; end

the depression; increase employment; reduce crime; promote respect for the constitution; and save our children. Yes, he was

to do all that, for the whole maternal family of little Repeal promised it, time and time again.

When little Repeal came, he looked like his father, and when he was christened by his chief sponsor with a bottle of absolutely nonintoxicating beer, although the other sponsors present got drunk on it, everybody in the family was delighted. But he began

to act like papa, right away.

The ladies of the association against prohibition who had promised all their friends that they wouldn't permit him to look like

Papa Booze Business just left in dudgeon, very high dudgeon, whatever that is, and snapped their aristocratic fingers at their highsounding promises. So Papa Booze

Business had the bartender, who had now bootlegging, nurse's putstopped on a cosW1EWCAN BUSINESS MEN'S RESEARCH FOUNWVriDNCHICACO'No.1013

for public Repeal wheel little outtume and approval.

And in a year or two you couldn't tell

Repeal from Papa Booze Business at all. Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, June, 1944

He may have been a little more streamlined and deadly, but that was all. Text: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from the

How quiet his sponsors keep. The men Writings and Discourses o/ John Taylor

who expected him to reduce taxes, their five fourtaxes, themselves found paying and social of Presi71 processes? and 21 p. men On LESSONtimes the Pearl before long more, Harbor;

eterare certain dent says: Taylor "There Universe of the Nature The settled for stay; longdepression a emdown that existed the nal before laws from have 6569. Topics: Text: Naand God pp. relieved doles onlyployment huge was by

... building for of the the foundation world ture. in the Life Principle of Universe. The still the crime plaguedfrom Washington;

... is course, of "gospel,"of Zion."up The of Universe Law. Anation, increasing in as Repeal's backyard the science,""social bewhich, we Mormon explain does Discuss: Mormonism How percent. respect as hundred one Andmuch

if lieve, will accepted applied not only and in universe the as of the evidenced order let'sfor into the not go constitution—well, individual, the benefit a but produce good in the nature? organization evidenced Asthat just Business Booze Papa when now society, the of "Zion,"kingdom a on God or, Is orderly, the universe of do man? we all his facing are those son nastyand

is earth. the facorganizational Priesthood it the is? evidence merely say can What in Congress.charges

tor in society. limitations are such What offer class the visualizing universe towards

in the applying on priesthood Moris as disorderly? orderly or being What FailureA "social ultimate is the science"? the monplaced What doc- "eternal of law"in Mormon honest drinking citizen who meaning The task? trine? static Is concept? Or, does "eterit a

for to drink votedwanted and who Is nal"imply development? growth and 2324 LESSONS in that liquor so improveRepeal would "eternal or a "developing""growing"law"

: Science, Religion thequality, If Philosophy, in price, openly reduced eternal be be of law change? law? type Does for Search Knowledge of so, value is the a doctrine how? at pleasantarrived sold under What and and

7380. for Topics: Text: Search pp. The eternal of law? issanitary for conditions grumbling, he Limitations of Secular Knowledge. Theclaims exorbitant, that prices are brands 22 LESSON Fact, of Deduction. Theory, Hypotheses and

are largely "rotgut"as characterized The Application of Universal Law and Inference. The Religious Nature of

by wet senators, and pleads for the Text: pp. 6972. Topics: Application of Mankind. Approach to Deity. The Ababolition of the modern saloon, and the the Concept of Universal Law. Applied Scisurdity of Some Religious Notions. The

return to the sawdust covered floor of ence. Unity of Man with Nature. Mormon Necessity of Subjecting Belief to Tests and

the heman drinking place when a man "Social Science."The Task of the Saints. Criticism. Christianity Will Bear Honest

etc. Investigation, the for Discuss: Modernity. of account The Myth we may How in peace, drinkcould without percentIntelligence in Philosophy. of the technology development and World's modern viewage girls side sprawled each of on him principles that the the of doctrine underlyPhilosophy. Mormon

street the in the keptand were women If ing existed? recent In Suggestion: groups, developments always some

back—Amer.room.Business Mens Foundation. natureby properis usegoverned,of underlyingor mayprinciples,be controlled,what may desire to spend(Concludedtwo or onmorepagethelessonsclass235)

APRIL, 1944 233.

Aaronic Priestlood

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

industry to the brewing happened LEADERSHIP WARD BOY insistence ofthe of highranking yjDUJtpL SfLQjok&u havewas OUTLINE COMMITTEE OF STUDY ficers available to beer at army make

MAY, 1944 camps. Here is a chance for brewers to

cultivate a taste for beer in millions of

Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS young men who will eventually constitute the largest beer consuming section

Chapter XVII: Use and Abuse of of our population."

Novelty What a contrast this is to the reQuotations from the Text: ported attitude of Russia in this matter.

1. The psychology of a boy in regard to A naturalized Ukranian lecturer, a forthe novelty slant is not unlike that of mer Russian, Valentina Roy Mitz, in an

any other person. address given in Arcadia, Florida, said,

2. We are all selling something! We... "In Russia, if a woman offers a soldier

are selling boys the greatest thing in liquor, she has to serve six months in the world Christianity. prison. If she gives it to him, she is shot.

3. Novelty means any added features... MELVIN There can be no drinking by the soldiers

created to bring easily is on, for out more must the war the men a full FARRM. while attendance the class. build and to up fully healthy, be strong, possessed and

4. Now for abuses in this feature. Bringof every whit of their strength and abiling in a boy or boys by means of a ity. This is quite a contrast with what

welldirected campaign means nothing we have in America. Our army camps

unless a portion major the of is in the new (Melvin Washing* a teacher are of surrounded with hundreds are members permanently. won The ton Stake. Washington The Ward, call is up, AmerThe "Wake saloons. t t.t right the friendly welcome, conversadelivered address before following was ica. tion that tieup, the completes inthe recent meeting.) a sacrament troduction to all is strangers, are is the other Tobacco who which enemy

these are all as necessary as the drive undermining the health of our soldiers itself. HOME FRONT SABOTEURS as well as those on the home front. It

is also slant better in a novelty 5. There is it is also in poisonous used whether this beginning the of war, Cince we of the feature a special added program. It is quantities. large small **"* or a well sabotage, about heard have much I'll tell frankly, Sundays no you two it fact that the of shortens wind known effort the our government and which ivere alike. of mine ever young The

his health. a and person undermines it. spite of these that to forth In stop people has put knowing came we'd have

in the services Yet our and men women spirit Bible, the the of same same open efforts that have are there enemies two it are rather against protected not but the confession, often joy and same mereffort to our on continued sabotage war it. to spirit use encouraged the riment, of prayer and same elsewhere. front the as as well home

for benefits. thanksgiving God's That in is1943 Health a magazine Good are alcohol toenemies These and two

is the the bread. meat and alone They said, sue authorities not only army "The bacco. spiritual satisfy classes hunger! But my afford soldiers for the opportunity an

just sort pie of or Business wondered Recake what Men's American The actually but the smoking supply maor place appetizer card or have. we'd 1 its Bulletin in search Foundation No. terials. ration emergency oneday The that in care thought means and And traffic as a "is liquor the says revealed cigarets. contains the a dozen Thus special programs. socially, commercially saboteur and virtually are that told boys they when I I've the 6. element boys'named want politically; public morale; to a menace in are trying situation, a most tobacco classes to the have, Surprise. of Law inefficiency increasing breeder of an is a with on food."par live surprises. not can on Now, we found."Dr. A. wherever Edward class in a of decorabe jumble can No all the campaigns of have known We said, of Philadelphia Strecher "Alcohol all tions, extra speakers, novelty and that for for put have been on "Smokes is the the sense sapping both and moral is that time. class the thinks so a And Soldiers."the soldiers be would Our it is of capacity working Americans; feeding hearts starving not minds and

if far neither soldiers better used they life."of "the the bread But add definitely solid front on of the weakening

is difficult It alcohol tobacco. nor not surprise boy's school often. day The defense."national ParDr. our Thomas

for the to one understand why rallies, now yell practices, school has paran, general the of surgeon the United his all time. people gave rades, Lord he the assemblies warned when band And is said, States of a major cause "Alcohol

... finds to the old comes and you, he said, of the them Wisdom. He Word is the insanity. alcohol Poisoning from of routine kind a change without any evils "In designs consequence and of of deaths cause than dreaded more many better with approach and and no new will in of exist the hearts which and do this, in diseases."infectious of spite But slips the church. he from away—and I in last conspiring days, the have men find that great the tragedy American we it. 7. novelty not but abuse do Use And giving forewarn warned you and you by

is is that alcohol while to reduce life known just springs a watch you new how this unto of wisdom you word by alertness efficiency, a and and keen record, and boost crime menour up new as inasmuch any man interest that revelation—that miraculous a new highways, you ace our homes, our and wreck drinketh drink or strong wine among class the possess. could thought never smile people, pauperize our simply we

... it is you, behold not good. And, liquor interests to the while continue the Class Leader: forHelps again, for strong the drinks are not body,

profits. sale increased for the push the author's suggested 1 Review belly, neither for for the the but washof 1943 Digest Brewer's The May novelty. of "Abuses"bodies. ing again, of your tobacco And finest said, things the of "one that could

2. of relyattention the is Direct to dangers belly, for for the neither the not body,

ing entirely, or even too much, on the and is not good for man."

of final analysis, novelty. In the use

classes ban- 3. Discuss the intelligent use of novelty Truly with all the millions of dollars should our be spiritual

quets. "Added features"or "novelties"in class procedure. What are the aubeing spent in attractive advertising

should never become the "feature"in thor's suggestions? How many more and propaganda to get not only our

class routine. can the class enumerate? men but also our women and our boys

234 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Teaching A>> Th>i3lij38UT''1W3aOfcyrjpj>j)fji>jti'jlrjirjrjg, jj)fjpjQf,pj/,jp,yg,2ir$ tJ&AJ&iJfa * "Sn. HfoTSw TUN 3Sb. at, a..nJ?a>.. - -Bt, -ftfc Wfo,T&. &.- -a- --M-f, - thtbh-% n j, fr.lafi'.H.o. 1-. T

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD TEACHERS

"evils poisons these girls to useand The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and in the hearts existand designs do of strengthen them;

conspiring men."

is that see with there iniquity hardness church, neither in the no And at of us, whether Let each home lying, other, neither evil backbiting, or each speaking; nor

toin the resolve forces, heed the armed the that the together see that all meet often, also see church And and the ofwarnings advice and and Lord their duty. members (D. C. 20:5355.) do & "evils the of these consequencesescape

and designs"and by an example of eliminateclean part to living do his these of dangerous saboteurs our na- l/l/am Ueackers \e55aae 1944 tion's health, efficiency, and moral fiber.

TITHING A farmer, anxious to obey the law of tithing in every detail, once re- ** marked: "Paying an honest tithing is easy for me. Whenever I sell

Melchizedek Priesthood anything from my farm, I simply take onetenth of the net profit and place {Concluded from page 232) it in a jar until I can turn it over to the bishop as my tithing."Some one

sell, fine that asked, con- "That's but what about for what you which youing, himself or of the would divest who milk, sume, vegetables, grains, meats, eggs, produce? your and other What himself, sustaining of and acceptmeans

gratuities as a means of sustenance, about the increase in the number of cows, hogs, chickens, and other liveshould be diligently labored with. stock?"

him. tithing to about it? thought Yes, This what was a new An honest personal will committees welfareMany

equivalent, after the to kind farmer or its the deduction cash pay, in this fieldfind in for fruitful projects acrequires tivity. of legitimate expenses incident to production, onetenth of everything he

produces whether sold on the open market or consumed on the farm, plus one tenth of any increase in physical assets.

CLoaa* (JnAiAujciiafL The wage earner pays one tenth of his income as tithing. Out of the

remaining nine tenths he purchases the necessities of life, which the farmer still is there is evident thatTt some generally thus his farm, garden, takes from or grain wage earner bin. TheA as to question duties the the of four tithes is equally obligated everything though he consumes. he The farmer

standing committees of the quorums, is allowed to deduct the actual costs of production.

is the often question toand as asked in enteror business other principle true merchandising holds any This instructions shouldwhat given be and

It is up. prise. inconceivable that builds the not business ground All from

in the presented variouswhat of groups large, dollar not developed business, small could or with whether a be onethe meeting. leadership monthly In each

tithing salary except the those of been promoting paid income having on astake leadership monthly meeting it. net of assets value that the building business the This mean would and held,should time be should and probe this tithed instance, In been. have as they should been not have would in that forvided meeting each commitit farming, stockraising, merchandising, business, building the be those

itselftee to meet by where suggested "full payers."tithe business, other could or hardly termed be brokerage, anyplans that presented be will assist may

those in charge of the quorums or Boys and girls should be taught to pay tithing while in the parental groups in their class work. home. True they are generally furnished clothing, food, shelter, and educaIn order to make clear in the minds tion out of the family budget which, presumably, has been tithed by the

of those in charge of this work just what head of the family. But this procedure alone does not teach young people

is expected we suggest that in the April to pay tithing. The setting up of a cash allowance for personal needs

meeting the time be devoted to the readbeyond those furnished out of the family income, the setting aside of a piece ing of the instructions given in Dr. of ground, the raising of a calf or other livestock for the purpose of providWidtsoe's Priesthood and Church Goving income to young people provide excellent opportunities for teaching

ernment, pages 160 and 161 under the tithing. Appreciation for the principle of tithing is most effectively developed

teaching. faithful Latterto delay this is hazardous Manytitle Instruction "Class Committee."youth,—it A during

tithing at baptized paying since they missed were have never day Saintscareful study of these instructions should clear up any misunderstanding eight years of age. Their parents taught them and made it possible.

that might exist as to the specific duties The wife's tithing is properly paid in the husband's name unless she of the class instruction committee. has a separate income. In this case, her tithing should be paid in her own

(given) name.

When computing tithing let us remember it is God's law. We are

dealing with our Heavenly Father. He knows the amount we should pay.

Melchizedek Priesthood Does that which we actually pay agree with that which the Lord knows we should pay?

Outline of Study

(Concluded from page 233) on these topics. In others one may suffice. ophy, how may we criticize John Dewey's of the things pertaining to man's eternal

The material may be treated in this flexible statement that the function of philosophy is welfare?"What is "the myth of modernity"?

fashion in accordance with past instructions. to "criticize beliefs"? Why are some reIs all nature under law? Is man under law?

Discuss: In vew of President Taylor's ligious notions absurd, according to PresiIf it is true that man exists under law, what

overall distinction between secular apdent Taylor? Answer his question, p. 75: is man's basic problem, or, what are his

proaches to truth and the Mormon philos- "Is there a way of arriving at a knowledge basic problems!

APRIL, 1944 235 IIS1C

h,. tew Bw 3>>:JMfcJ>, j-jt.'Tfc.'-fc.'-.'i-TfcX TS> >. TawTffit T&.-a-;tewT>w S h. w. an. /Bw w Tfr,,Tt,1t lt,l>.aLilLi,, ft,, ife. 3 & Tty.la.-Sw tif Tit. &, -te. Tfc.1 Ta. * aw Tgw. w. w w iw "11Bn lBh "Bh1lfc ii|]fc i 11h i BB|tth?'7fc Hh1hi jh jfc "M

The Functions of the FREEDOM allmanagementarrangementsof socialfor choirfunctions,exchangesmakeor

Chorister Ward By J. Orval Ellsworth trips, boost for the choir on all occasions, see to it that conand all working to come, FREEDOM

It ditions are the possible. best made By to go, J. Spencer Cormvall Freedom

Director, Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir, Freedom to think, must be remembered that whenever the and Member, Church Music Freedom to know. choir president or manager has anything

to the or choir say to to any do work Committee to work, Freedom during choir the rehearsal the with to lend, Freedom he arrangemembership, must functions do it by rest, to of any presiding ofFreedomTheficer have to be determined by two Freedom to spend. ment with the chorister.

If suggestions are the above followed must he what considerations—one,

closely, Freedom to speak, out feel confident that harefficient- we carry out his assignment do to hear, to Freedom and efficiency will result in our mony are the limitations ly, and two, what to read, of Freedom choir organizations. activities. his consideraThis second fear. to Freedom

tion is all important if he is to avoid trouble by not overstepping his bounds. Freedom to meet,

The functions of the ward chorister, Freedom of press, Berkeley Ward Choir or the obligations which he must assume, Freedom to eat, of Freedom dress. HThe are fourfold: A landchoirStake,of Berkeleyhas had Ward,a continuousOak- 1. love, to He must select the singers for his Freedom

choir. This function, of course, assumes Freedom to live, existence since its organization in 1934,

that the chorister knows what types of Freedom to have, soon after the ward was created. W.

singers are satisfactory for the kind of Freedom to give. King Driggs, composer and director of

ability, called singers unusual the todesires. If this function choir he leave, to is, Freedom

fifty build to choir of a some simulated the other than anyone by to stay, gether Freedom voices. the chapel dedicated was When chorister, start he to with, is undermined to doubt, Freedom

unless chance steps in to save the situaFreedom to pray. in May 1935, the singing of the choir,

things, other received flattering among tion bringing together by a workable Thank God for Freedom. the press. comments by If group. the chorister, the other on

hand, selects his own singers, he autoThe following innovation originated matically generates a sense of loyalty by Brother Driggs has been completely 4. charge complete must assume He successful in Berkeley to himself, leader, as the in those Ward: As the whom

all rehearsals. most serious The finishes organist prelude,, the chooses. choristerhe the organ can The save of

in rightful the of authority breakdown first joins in, choir himself quietly, humming assuming much anguish by comthe a chorister is point he loses at which then singing the final full plete control measures selection of the with of the singers. control of his rehearsal. He should alchoir. The congregation is quiet, and

interno person to or low circumstance the 2. services in begin attitude. reverent select a must the to music be He

fere or this rob of control, him evensung. of the obligation this of Much is this of membership The very ward is momentarily. rehearsal period The is function obvious. chorister can transient. Students A to Berkeley go who his sacred prohe which domain must directonly for music he which a has to their continue in education, and men tect all against intruders. excelThedefinite liking master. and which can he the forces armed stationed there, to ask is lence of directly related performance is severely handicapped havingHe by associated become choir, the with and to the attained success in rehearsal.to of perform another's music choosing are made welcome members. functions choir presidents of The orif fit this his music not to happens situais choir efficient The the under now the managers outside must found betion. direction of Paul reSummerhays, with choristers. functions It abovenamed of 3. seating determine the must arHe hearsals at 5:30 p.m. preon Sundays is that evident things more many needrangement. of arrangement the The ceding the service. sacrament Mary to to be successful done a choir makesingers parts, to as voices, indiand Russell, former at organist the church listed than special those as the duties of capacitiesvidual must be out worked the booth at San Francisco World's is It in the conductor. these important the chorister, the basedby particular on is Fair, organist for choir. the enShe matters that the president or managereffects desires to obtain. he actual The joys playing of inthe one best musical his finds after work. look the He mayseating orders delegated to be may in struments any of the church. ward finances, the contact be between man else tosomeone carry out, they but is Jesse E. Smith choir president, and choir the bishopric, and the assume themust from chorister come and he Allen, Denzel C. bishop.—Alexander

must settle any dissatisfactions. Schreiner,

BERKELEY WARD CHOIR

TITHING AND

Genealogy Spintualit f r OLD CALIFORNIA MISSION j? / By LELAND H. MONSON

tithes and offerings will aid in

Brother Noel C. Stevenson of azine published weekly by the parish a Payingthe development of spiritual qualiLos Angeles, California, had ocseries called "From Mission Archives,"ties which will be of everlasting

casion recently to search for inwhich ran for about six issues. Part of benefit to the tithe payer. These spirituformation in the old records of the San the record on Don Juan Diego was al qualities are attributes of character

of the series, found in 1769. with one aboutGabriel Mission, founded in welfare eternal our promote the which

register, of as the early the number and reports:He Speciof celestial God. kingdom the

it indexed, not are lengthy is a mission system California was registers jusThe honesty, altruism, fically, they are founded by Catholic priests. I only search to try to find anything by page tice, and trust in a divine power.

examination. page tell it to possible you offeringswish were my by tithes and of payment The the records Speaking being about Father with conversationcomplete greed or cupidity in eradicating assists

I recall entries complete, seeing regard- I procourteous. very rewasNuevo. must He characters. our we And from

Indians. ing brings of the baptism This the National cards from beduced is the of my one cupidity that member

first in this to census the mind made the Library, andArchives, Huntington It is responsible day. sins of setting our

Library of Congress, which satisfied area, Padron de la Ciudad de Los for the turmoil and convulsions we see

Jurisdiction su 1836 Ano y I for Angeles fees abouthim. rumors heard had world. our wartorn

of the of City Angeles ( Census Los and in records, about the so inquiredexamining in this ourselves of the empire Ruling its for Jurisdiction the Year 1836.) thatthat. charged, said none were He us a finer apprewithin creates respect

they were only too glad to assist anyThis census enumerated the names, ciation and application of the doctrine ages, occupations, of birth, place and in interested the Califorone who was of man. brotherhood who of the He

chilall inhabitants, including sex ofnia families. to acagreed he However, poor, financially to aid the sacrifice will

all it Indians. All in dren and is more restoration the forcept a contribution

complete than census our 1 850 made said, firmly mission, but theof as he by toin buildspreadingchurchesthe messageand temples,of peaceto assiston "Not as a fee."He was very helpful in the federal government. earth and good will toward men is crebringing out the parish registers, and ating a genuine spirit of love of God and

told about a Spanisheven me will that very valuable.clopedia prove ency- w tr manis altruismwithin supreme.himself. And this attitude

The registers of baptisms, marriages, The Philadelphia Story The second spiritual quality which is 1771, tithes burials from or deaths dateand and offerdeveloped by paying I—New Style in duplicity Spanish. are written for the and courseand of ings is an antidote

am amazed at the genealogical informa- {Concluded from page 213) dishonesty which honeycomb modern for records. in thesetion found that is to be

registers that the are his people I observed much typicalYe Saints,"favoritesand suchportrayas "Come,an evening'sCome, thecivilization.purpose Centuriesof encouragingago Malachi,

more complete in giving information as recreation about the campfire. All well to pay their tithing, asked, "Will a man

etc., parents, of the into place of birth, God?"pioneer But and good. had rob the Mormon

dividual the record concerns Undoubtedly, he recognized that if whom for Stirhis sacrifices. reasons making

much more so than the AngloSaxon ring, powerful ideas lay at the roots of he could promote loyalty and devotion records privilege it has been in his to expeople, provoke he to would my God his folk dance. song and much How dealamine. they that likelihood would the compelling songs those be more would

is their item following Diefellow about men. honestly with The Juan ideas, underlying if the they of which

is is spiritual del third Fuerte ( del not Fuerte or a Berdugo equitygo Justice inadequate expression, but an were part of the place buta quality his name, the payment in us where by developed could be given fit presentation.

he born). is entry tithes 102 in pays his of No. was and offerings. He He who

the Libvo Primero Defunciones Del 6 While members of the Philadelphia tithes and offerings knows that he conAgosto 1774 al 13 Noviembre 1804 Branch dramatized an evening's entributes his share of the operating costs ( the first book of deaths from 6 August campment of the Martin handcart comof the church. He says to himself, "I

1774 to 13 November 1804): pany, a powerful commentary was am not willing to partake of the blessspoken over a public address system. In ings of the church without assuming my

On the 24th day of January 1780 in the harmony with the action on stage, the share of the expenses."Moreover,

series this Quartet sang Gabriel a of Malechurch Mission Archof San Mormon offerings, tithes our and pay when we

I ecclesiastical to burial theangel gave of body during, written songs descriptive and in the participants spreading become we aof Berdugo, Diego Senor was who Juan of the period. the time, on same two At of the nations to Christ gospel of Jesusnative Villa the of and Fuerte (Sonora) de stages, smaller elevated beabove and for in building temples the world, and to married CarYgnacia Mariawas Dona hind figures the pioneer the around to exaltation bringing of the purposerillo, Presidio the of Loreto native of Royal

plastic campfire, brilgroups, model to living dead.in death the Learning the before received Californias. to and He

saints Sacraments of penitence, Eucharist, liantly illuminated, depicted significant shoulder our part of the burden, we deand extreme unction. I sign the truth. events and stressed the ideas behind the velop consideration for others, which is

Fr. Miguel Sanchez restoration of the gospel. Never, in the a basic quality of justice.

the Knott, has words of Miss meaning tithe learns Finally, payer honest an the Spanish) (Translated from folklore depicted been of Mormon in implicit confidence with to place The God.

... telling beautiful, effect. such her of gives mite knows widow who a de- I learned that Temple, Thomas

scendant of one of the early California Music is not a new missionary tool. that God will provide of his abundance,

Spanish families on his mother's side, Latterday Saint hymns have ever made of his wisdom, and of his power. And

has spent considerable time in the recfriends for the church. But music is this assurance develops in her a closer

ords of the various missions, and has now making more friends and providing relationship with God. Such a relationtranslated and compiled considerable more opportunities for the missionary ship makes it possible for her to pray

material on some of the prominent famthan ever before. At least, this has with greater earnestness and sincerity.

ilies. In fact I can thank him for helpproved true in Philadelphia, which once Surely this reliance upon God, this

ing me find the above item. He aragain, where Mormons are concerned, genuine faith, develops a spiritual

ranged for publication in the little magis the "City of Brotherly Love."buoyancy that is elevating.

APRIL, 1944 237

Man Looked to God virtuewhich maykeepsbeitscomparedplace, andwitharoundthe PolarwhichStar,all Book* the other stars revolve.

( Concluded from page 209 {Concluded from page 200) master and practice the lessons of life that versal peace, harmony, and happiness. But

have come to me."In all ancient writings, we find that it is better to foresee the difficulties lying

* * * man belongs to a higher order of reality, ahead than to entertain wishful illusions and bears witness to something superwhich in the days to come may once again and Hold faithfulness shattered."be is essentially divine. Life and sincerity as first human

principles. book makes a careful, painstaking The is exalted, out this thought brought and * * *

situations of conditions which and it analysis in shall the of Jesus: words "What the prevailed past throughout few have is bravery have faults True when you if profit gain the a he world whole man in to Russia's years Europe, with a view fear to them. abandonand do not It is his lose soul?"enand an own into settlements. the entrance postwar No

nobling and binding love which tranthinking person can afford to miss reading

A ruler who governs by means of his scends all natural impulse. and studying this book.—M. C. /.

Homemade Scraper Aids GREASING WITH SPECIAL LUBRICANT

Sanitation Program LENGTHENS LIFE OF TRACKBEARINGS

Flushing concrete dairy barn floors with water from a pressure Every moment they work, your tractor trackbearings are punished by hose is one of the easiest and best a pounding barrage of jolts and strains. And trackbearings are always

ways to clean them, after bedding surrounded with grit or moisture. If these get inside, they grind out

has been removed. To use with the bearings in a hurry. To meet varying load conditions, help seal bearyour hose, here's a scraper that ings, and guard against expensive

Free Chart Shows Tractor requiringdelays, lubricatelight grease,all trackbearingswith RPM

Lubrication Procedure Tractor Roller Lubricant.

film of Tractor tough RPM A point every your Lubricate on trackbear- Roller Lubricant on correctly. tractor Standard's Get of jar ings takes the pounding up Lubrication Tractor Guide. Free

loads squeeze won't away and It engine, includes of the diagrams seal points. It a forms from wear driving wheels, gears, tracks or

to of keep outside the bearings on inlists lubrication lubricants, of dirt assures moisture, out and and service tervals, record space and lubrication. good

tips. tractor model. make, Give

Grease Cup Cleaner Made

easily. Affix can you make the From Old Dinner Knife handle at the that suits you. angle

Grease left in cups on stored imAfter floors have been cleaned, plements often gathers dust. Don't

destroy germs and odors by mopchance pushing this grit onto ping, spraying or sprinkling with bearings when you first lubricate a solution of 1 part Standard this spring. Remove and scrape

SuperGermite to 60 or 80 parts out cups with a dinner knife cut 2 costs solution water. only This filed right shape. to the and Wash -roller track lubricating When 3 or gallon cents to make. per replace. in Pearl cups Oil and sure idler bearings, enough be and

is 9 Standard -Germite Super is in to thoroughly grease pumped carbolic times stronger pure than fitall surfaces. Clean lubricate

it in germkilling acid power. And first entrance tings the to prevent

It's water. a well mixes with BLADE any SHAPE TO grit. surprised at You'll the of be FIT CUP CORNERS well as disinfectant a powerful as of Tractor small amount RPM it to deodorant. germicide Use and it to takes Roller Lubricant keep

sores, treat cuts, on bruises and operating trackbearings your hoofrot. animals, sheep and it chassis also properly. on Use

bearings and other hardworked wearpoints on all tractors.

Save 2 Cents Per Gallon Reduce track overhauls. Save

on Poultry House Spray withmoneyrushand timeworkwhenthis you're busy

To save money, order Standard spring, when you're

Poultry House Spray now. A speworking long hours, $

cial offer of 2 cents per gallon off ploughing extra acres till is 1, prices regular good June fill raise to more Food Cup Grease Then with RPM is to use ready spray 1944! This it until ends. out bearing Order Freedom. For comes

no messy ticks and mixing.fleas—staysIt killsactivemites,for evenlyRPM Cupand lastsGreaseon bearings.flows slowly, RPMLubricant.Tractor Roller

days in debris to get parasite and fly eggs and larvae. Ask your

Standard Man for delivery now. STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA

238 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Taylor & Smoot—Br. T[aylor] supp'd PIONEER DIARY with us.

Wednesday, November 1. Prest.

(Continued from page 218) pleasure of joining them at the table, Y[oung] invited me to a carriage ride sit tho'scarcely to able 18. EllsHancock, Thursday, up—having May din'd at his house after been with him—we [ust] sick of from the 23rd Aug start teams to meet withworth & others particulars. conversing on some

the immigrants. Yestferday] Ellsworth Monday, October 23. I took up my Thursday, November 2. Spent the

& wife, Scofield & wife, Charles & wife, residence with Br. & Sis. Holmes, Clara eve very pleasantly at Prest. Young's

& J. Green din'd with us. Radishes, having previously gone to live with with most of his wives. The weather

lettuce, &c, begin to grace the table. Lucy, Margaret Peirce having taken cold.

Sunday, May 21. I breakfasted on the place. Thursday, November 9. An eve

bread & butter, radishes, lettuce & pepTuesday, October 24. The ground is party for the new room.

till this mor[ning] which—casepergrass.betweenAtt [ended]Peirce a& Bishop'sHiggins. Court whiten'dSaturday,withOctobersnow for28.theAttfirst[end]time.the verySunday,pleasantNovember 12. It has been mounrainy snowy & a little—the blessing of child E. Bainbridge's 23. by is Tuesday, Another comMay white. tains Present: Prest. Y[oung]. start[pany] Mrs. with to meet 35 wagons armail Friday, 1. The December Br. others. Y[oung], Kimballthe immigrants. & Sis. & Quarters. riv'd from Winter

Sunday, May 28. This morning's Tuesday, October 31. Call'd to adSunday, December 3. Quite cold

frost in unison with the ravages of the minister to Sis. Ritter's sick child letters read publicly—Lyman Wight,

crickets for a few days past, produces spent the eve at Margaret's with Sis. (Continued on page 240)

many sighs & occasionally some long faces with those that for the moment forget that they are Saints.

Saturday, June 10. The crickets continue their destructiveness. Rosacrans,

Hunt & others start on horseback to the brethren.meet i/l/e re teamed Thursday, June 15. Frost in some

places injures vegetation. Yesfterday]

mor[ning] & this mor[ning] I am sick.

Sis. Gates ministers to me with kindness. Sis, Taylor spent the afternoon

with us—said she supp'd on green peas

last eve[ning]. VICTORY

Sunday, June 18. Att [ended] meetFirst Security Corporation banks are teamed

ing]. Elder Taylor presided very interestingly. up with Uncle Sam and the people of their comSaturday, July 29. Att [ended] a munities to help support and develop war ingenteel at Br. Peirce's party on the ocdustries and the nation's vital "Food For Free21.casion of being Harvey

Monday, July 31. Started with Sis. dom"program. They provide necessary bank

Holmes for the mountains. credit to individuals, and industrial and busiSaturday, August 5. The mail carness firms for all sound purposes, especially

riers met us on the Weber River & favor'd me with a letter from Lorenzo those that will contribute to the winning of the & intelligence from the Camp in genwar.eral. We cross'd the river & went on,

occasionally stopping to pick currants until within 4 m[iles] of Cave Rock, when some of our party, (which consisted of Br. Howd, W. Sperry, 3 of

Capt. Miller's daughters, D. Miller, Br.

Fellers, Br. Wolfe & son, Sis. H. & myself), visited an Indian camp about a FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH

m[ile] & Y2 distant, purchas'd some National Association dried meat, & we started our way back With 8 Branches at Ogden, Logan. Prove, Brigham City, Magna, Bingham,

to pick currants until the serviceberries Richmond, Park City should ripen. And Offices at 5 War Posts of This Area

After the company had supplied FIRST NATIONAL BANK themselves with currants, we came to Of Salt Lake City the Weber where we found 2 families With Branches at Sugarhouse and Tooele encamp'd and picking serviceb[erries]. FIRST SECURITY TRUST CO.

Our party stop'd from Mon[day] till Salt Lake City

Wed[nesday] noon, & started for home in com[pany] with Ellsworth & HanFIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO cock who came up with us on MonNational Association [day] from the Platte, & arriv'd in the WithJerome,BranchesMontpelier,at Boise,MountainBlackfoot,Home,Emmett,Nampa,Gooding,Payette, Hailey,Pocatello,IdahoPreston,Falls, valley on Fr[iday] the 18th. Rexburg, St. Anthony, Shoshone

Wednesday, August 23. Spent the FIRST SECURITY BANKafternoon with Sis. Gates—taken sick Rock Springs, Wyo.

in the ev[ening].

Wednesday, September 20. Prest. Members of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

Young & family arriv'd in the Valley they supp'd at E. Ellsworth's. I had the

APRIL, 1944 239:..

Pioneer Diary

{Continued from page 239')SQUIRRELS EAT YOUR Hawes, Miller & others dis fellowship 'd.

call'd went [righam] after meeting—I AVOID ENORMOUS CROP LOSSES B

fast in the eveto. Snow'd L [orenzo's]

ning].

Monday, December 4. Rode to Br.

Here is the solution Neff's—the wind blew a gale before we

of that million dollar arriv'd. I stayed till Wed[nesday].

The cold intense.

waste problem and the Friday, December 22. Visited at Br.

answer to the $64.00 Gibbs.

Saturday, December 23. CommemoQuestion "What shall I rated the birth of Joseph Smith. The

do?"Simply use weather continues cold, with the exception of 2 or 3 pleasant days since the

first of the month.

Monday, December 25. Christmas. I

stayed at home & read newspapers which Prest. Y [oung] sent me, he having call'd last eve[ning]. Br. F. RichANCHOR BRAND ards at that time presented me with a

copy of an address written by Lyon.

1849 CARBON BISULPHIDE with the Sunday, January 7. I gave Prest.

Y[oung] copy of address I had written for Br. R.

Wednesday, January 17. I am quite DEMON RODENT GUN sick-—had a chill last eve [ning]

Send today for Free Circular No. 209P giving full instructions on this Thursday, January 18. Rode to L[o-

practical and economical method of exterminating squirrels and rodents. renzo's].celebration Hadof theiran weddinginterestingday.timeThein

party was yest [erday] Friday, January 19. Vis [it] with Sis.

WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER, 636 California St., San Francisco Whitney at Mary Ann K[imball's].

The weather fine, but continues very

Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches cold.Sunday, January 21. Prest. [Brigham

Young] call'd to return the Address.

Saturday, February 17. B [righam]

"L. D. S. Business Training Pays'call'd in the mor[ning]. Meetfing] out of doors—has been 2 Sundays previous.

Tuesday, February 20. Went to

L [orenzo's] yest [erday], [his wife

Adaline's son [Oliver Goddard Snow

Thursday, an inFebruary 22. Had Look to the Future b[orn] this mor[ning].

vis [it] teresting C. K[imwithH[eber]

ball].

Make your business training intensive Sunday, February 25. Very sick

ad- [righam] [erday] yest fic6mblin today—B

reliev'd minister'd for which TSflfoenl Schori enough for war work now... and broad to me—felt&

enough for the postwar period of readjust- I thankMonday,the Lord.February 26. Had been

ment. thawing for several days. The mud drying some—cattle have hard times

B [righam] propos'd a carriage ride to

Write or call for information about courses, methods of inhis house in a few days.

struction, and employment service. Tuesday, February 27. Very snowy.

—expeditionThursday, Marchsent against1. Thethe stormEutaws—over

2. Bfrigham] call'd L D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE B[righam's]Friday,- Marchfolks move out of Fort.

trial of Ira Watt in 70 North Main Street Salt Lake City 1. Utah to see me—the

H[igh] Council.

DAY AND EVENING ALL THE YEAR Monday, March 12. The election of

civil officers for territorial government.

Friday, March 16. Sunny, like the

breaking of winter—storms a little alto that boy n the service dollars per month. A colony is getting SEND AN "ERA"most every day. Gave B [righam] 30

It will bring him solace when he needs it most. up for Eutaw [Utah] Valley.

Sunday, March 18. Sis. Rosacrans

12 issues $2.00 bade me farewell for California. [She]

starts tomorrow.

240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PIONEER DIARY From Tuesday, March 20. The ground Monday, June 4. Return'd from CotNational Bookshelves

cov[ered] with snow again. tonwood and stop'd at Lorenzo's. Sunday, March 25. Fine weather the Monday, June 11. Last Tu[esday] Direct toYour Home—

fine rain. James night by return'dlast LINCOLN breth[ren] a 2 days. ABRAHAM busy had very Today

$3.50 Daugherty Br. to Holmes. meet[ing] remov'dsowing wheat—theThe Asch....S3.00 by Sholem APOSTLE THE

12. funeral of [First into the Tuesday, Council June a bower. The House Gordon by Dr. SURGEON BURMA Br. D this $3.00 frost Block.]public attended. meeting S. Seagrave held Baldwin on Some Temple

Friday, April 13. Amasa [M. Lymor[ning]. THUNDERHEAD by Mary 0'Hara.S2.75

man] & Porter R[ockwell] start for Saturday, June 16. A trial against D GODRobertISL. MYScottCOPILOT by Col. S2.50

them atCalifornia—see ORDER NOW FROM BishopW

Sis. Kimball withley's]. Rode home [oolday—adjourn'dPerrigrine Sess [ions]till tomorrow.yest[erday] & tolast Tuesday. Wed[nesday], B [rigTuesday, June 19. People with pack THE B00KCRAFI CO.

ham] Y[oung] came for me to visit his animals arrive from the States going to 14G5 South State, Salt Lake City 4, Utah family, which he commenc'd organizing California. They expect wagons in 2

above checked books send the Ifor living together. spent the night eve[ning] 3 days. This or order or I rode to Please$ Check money

in the Prest. carriage. K[imbah"s] Y[oung]'s took& he me to Br. enclosed.

Please send C.O.D.next day—told me to go home from Thursday, June 21. Return'd home.

there & he should soon come & move Sunday, June 24. Convers'd with a NAME

ADDRESS thisrue up. yest[ereve[ning] with Indiana from who arriv'd man He call'd

receive immediate Your order will, Clara.Louisa, with in 2 Margaret months from day] St. Joseph & attention.

Saturday, April 14. The eastern mail ox teams. The weather is now hot.

starts today. Spent the eve[ning] with Some green peas.

Christene, acc[ompanied] with Sis. P. Wednesday, June 27. This day is 5 THE ADVERTISERS

W. & Ellen. years since Joseph's death. I rode in

Will F ind Sunday, April 15. The day fine—had the forenoon with Br. & Sis. Lott. In And Where You

an interesting preach from Br. K. in the the afternoon read Joseph's letters to a Their Messages

aft[ernoon], Return'd to the Fort in circle of ladies.

CorriLife Beneficial Insurance Prest.the 28. to evefning]. Thursday, Mov'd June

1.....Back Cover pany 22. April logrow. Yesfterday] Sunday, we Y[oung]'s 255 231, 241, Bookcraft Company little cooler, 1. arriv'd but a shower, Babbitthad a little Sunday, July.252 University with Brigham Younq

quitethe has warm. weather been Mail. U.S. Wed-..243 }. I. Case Company

80 4. at the, in thermometernesday was comVis [it] July Wednesday, Coiri Manufacturing CrescentTh[ursday] at 83—the crickets very [pany] with Bfrigham] & wife & Sis. pany (Mapleine)—245, 254

..254thick at Br. Music injury Call, done Crosby's. some Company Daynes in places—have

..251 & Company during the Bridgeto vegetation week. Friday, 6. Vis [it] at Heber's Deere July

..195 Deseret Company Book letter Creek. over introductory of Charles H. read Canyondown

..250 Press Deseret News 23. to April B. I went to Br. BackenMiller Monday, J[ocob] K. by Warm..253 Mayonnaise.... Genuine Durkee's

Sis. of Noble.Springs with the stos. M[iller] gave Heard description Mr. The..227 Oleomargarine.. Troco Durkee's

it this child; died is truly of Ann'sdeath for Sarah the mines gold panic the of.251 Ltd.... Co., B. Farquhar A.

morfning]. astonishing. Faultless Starch Company..226

Tuesday, April 24. Received a few Tuesday, July 24. Celebration of FelsNaptha Soap & Soap Chips..202

lines from Helen. arrival of Pioneers. Fisher Flouring Mills (Zoom)......229

Thursday, April 26. The first general Thursday, July 26. Br. Babbitt starts First Security Corporation..239

2.30, 253 Fuller P. Company I o'clock. Sis. W. meeting to Lucina, at one mail.Fast with wrote back

..228 Glade Company Candy 28. April to orMeet[ing] Saturday, Hyde & Kimball...227 Mills Globe asganize 29. the "Legion."Last Heard of an eve[ning] Sunday, July..228 Hall's Canker Remedy

sault on Wanship by a party of Invis[ited] Bish[op] Higbee's, Prest. Hillam Costume Shop..228

dians]. Y[oung], Hfeber] C. K[imball] & Interstate Brick..247

Friday, May 4. Dr. Bernhisel & many others present. This morfning] "Junket"Rennet Tablets & Rennet

others start for the States. WednesBr. Egan arriv'd with mail. Powder..246

..240 College Business rain. fine soaking the 2nd, a 8. Br. Egan's L.D.S.day had August we Wednesday,

..230 Company... Linda Food Loma fast,Yest[erday] which is to be [pany] arrived. atcom - Chocc Mrs. McDonald's G. J. first in the 16. every Vis[ited] Thursdaytended] Thursday, August lates

month. Wrote letter to S[arah] M. with several emigrants at Br. Peirce's. Maid O'Barley......229198

Kfimball], Frost this mor[ning], Merchant shops are open in every diMorning Milk..200

6. Beautiful day Sunday, May rection. (The End) Mountain Fuel SupplyInside CompanFront Covery last night.rain'd prosAll things a little

..229 L. Prof. Nelson to this arrival time, in N. since her valley, the 'Uppering.

in log living President Eliza Young's been had Aunt Lines..200 Greyhound Overland

I 13. Last in Sunday, pioneer of Presithe Mon[day] house never heard had May..193 Biscuit Company... Purity could not dent Young's anyone I and "Log Row,"fort. to Lorenzo'swalk'd [Snow] & Wed..249 it Soup Rancho until else about anything Lund, A. knew who Wm.And

[ion's]vis[ited] at assistant Sess historian with recorder, general Mrs. Kimchurch and church..242 Baking Royal Company

told that that said Willard been he had Young meball, them. Stores, with Inc rode &c, Helen home Safeway & in April the 1852. 30, born Row, Log

Ira married. Since reading this reference in the diary. I have Inside Front Cover

following the statements: found..248 Salt Tribune Lake last rain heavy Sunday, ten rods the of May northwest stood 20. A House White "Some..193 Milk Sego of log a cabins President dwelt row Young's where since. cold cloudyWed[nesday], &..242 Brands, Inc Standard other their wives, with

in places, rains in frostThis mor[ning] 366. p. of Mormondom,..238 Womenchildren."—Oil Standard Company

arrival the city President "After to Young's beganthe afternoon...246 Inc Wallis, Stevens & built for be he his arrangements up family and made

23..242 Products Garden Tea Wednesday, Commenc'd to course, though, of comfortable have they homes May were

all in their primitive appointments. cottages These.197 University of Utahraining today a covsnow

the to referred are yet as 'Log [1880] were Row,'and.196 Hotel Utah like winter.ers looks the is just situated above the as Eagle what Gate."known ground—ityest[erday], Engraving.229 Utah 131. 9, p. Vol. Exponent, Woman's—25. the Yest[erday] Friday, May In of Young's Brigham Consecration."we "Deed.199 Oil Refining Utah Company the frozen considerably butground in listed was the 89, barn, block one House,""White..249 Savings Utah & Trust of log etc. houses,""rowfind being cloudy. coldmor[ning] The &..244 College.. State Agricultural Utah 81. Era, Improvement Feb. 1944, p.—The

littlefreeze fetato I injury did but this... information veg picearly With studying began..240 Reynolds Wheeler, & Stauffer.

tures at least a half have and found dozen which show 1. Ition for Cornelia rode came &.229 me Zoom the of of the best appears which on Row,"one "Log

to Cottonwood today. page 218. LeRoi C. Snow

APRIL, 1944 241

"Blessed Are They That Mourn"(Continued from page 217)

JVIary cried herself into a fitful sleep. Hours later she awoke. It

was very late. The house was quiet.

She could hear Buddy and his father comforting each other in the livingroom.

She arose, went in to them, talked a bit about commonplace things. "Did

you close the garage doors, Buddy? Are

either of you hungry? Have you turned

off the furnace?"ENERGY FDDD "Everything's fine, Mary,"her husfor everyone in the family band answered.

arose, father and his Buddy went

There's extra nourishment in Royal Enriched Bread... supplied by with the reher through house, then

healthful vitamins and iron. And there'B delicious, homemade flavor tired to their rooms. Buddy was called

and extra goodness in every loaf. So be sure to ask for Royal Enriched back by his father who said, "Let's have

Bread. prayer together."

Together they knelt again beside

Royal Baking Company, Salt Lake and Ogden Mary's bed for prayer. "Right where

More Than Fifty Years of Service and Progress we knelt with Jerry,"Mary thought.

It was Mary's turn to pray. Her husband looked tenderly toward her, and

asked, "Are you up to it tonight, dear, or shall I?"

Mary was almost to say, "You, dear,"but suddenly she wanted to pray.

Without tears she talked to her Father in heaven: "Please, oh Lord, let

us know in our hearts the truth about

Jerry. Let us know that all is right with

him."N eEdee> She was surprised at her complete faith that God would give her an answer, for hadn't she alternately doubted and believed all the afternoon and evening? She felt deep shame within her.

"Perhaps,"she thought, "the reason the bishop or anyone else couldn't give me any assurance Jerry will come home is that each individual has to gain that assurance for himself."

They arose. Buddy kissed his father **rYin"- and mother and went to his room. His

*d.f'* father busied himself opening windows

and getting his slippers ready for the 'morning as Mary rested quietly.

After some restless turning and brief conversation, asleep, her husband was Headlihers time. for a long but Mary lay awake

CA'Si;: -:.?:.::.,-: is "..:::-:: IS Ouddenly a clearcut picWherever good food is appreciated, you'll find these fature came to her mind, a vivid scene

her girlhood from which a had made offer mous Standard Brands Products. They

impression. her the utmost in deep mother She saw quality help and they and dependability, women lying blind dying and seemingly on her

to plan budget meals. No wonder, then, that bed in their lovely old home. All her

grocers give them frontline display space, and brothers and sisters stood around the recommend them wholeheartedly! bed weeping.

*ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS Her mother smiled at them and said:

*ROYAL PUDDINGS "Come closer. I wish to say something

*ROYAL SALAD GELATIN *ROYAL BAKING POWDER to you."

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST They had moved closer as she put 'Order through your jobber out her hands to them saying: "Don't

I cry. shall all well, soon be if we

Products of faith. is keep yours? Come! Where

Standard Brands Let's have no crying."

Incorporate "But, Mother,"small Tom said through convulsive sobs. "Doctor

Samuels says you will die very soon."

"Rubbish!"her mother said impa-

{ Continued on page 244 242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

year that this war started, due to carelessness, ignorance, or lengths to provide safety features*THEtwice as many American lives deliberate disregard of wellknown such as shields around power takewere lost by accident as were safety rules. Contributing factors are off shafts and other moving parts.

lost in all of World War I. Many fatigue, for tired people are less alert, But only human care can fully guard

times more were injured. Farms and and unfamiliarity with a task or against the dangers of powerdriven

farm homes had their full share of with equipment being used. knives and rolls, or wheels and disks

these accidents. War has doubled the danger of pulled by tractor or animal power.

Wherever you are, whatever you farm accidents, mainly because so Only caution can avoid dangers from do, that is where your danger lurks. many young or otherwise inexperipoisons for pest control, of falls

Those who work with livestock have enced people are helping to take the from ladders or lofts, from the heels animal accidents, and those who place of regular farm manpower. of horses and from the special risks

work with machinery have machine They do not know the principles of of fire on the farm.

accidents. There is no such thing as safety which are... or should be..

complete safety, not even in the house. secondnature to experienced farmFree Poster on Farm Safety

There are almost as many fatal acciers. Only by training them in safe Major points in farm safety are

dents in city and farm homes as on ways can you do your part in preshown in a new placard, "Play Safe on highways. venting accidents. the Farm,"to be posted in barn or

Accidents do not happen. They are This company and other builders machine shed. Write today for your

caused. Most accidents are caused by of farm machinery have gone to great free copy. J. I. Case Co., Racine, Wis.

people, few by things. Studies of

accident records indicate that over 90 percent of all accidents... at least IN THE WAR this company's first duty and greatest contribution

the accidents to farm people... are is to build all the farm machines allowed under war restrictions,

and to provide renewal parts for old machines. In addition every

Case plant produces war material such as shell cases, gun mounts, pontoons, and complete wings for bombers. Besides your first duty

of growing every possible pound of food, you can speed the war and hasten the peace by putting every possible dollar into war bonds, and by turning in every possible pound of scrap.

APRIL, 1944 243 \\BLESSED ARE THEY THAT MOURN"(Continued from page 242) tried. I have faith I will get well, that how that counts. What matters is the

tiently. "What does Doctor Samuels my sight will come back. Can't you belife one has lived, the character one has

know about the workings of the Lord? lieve, too?"built for himself, the good one has

Has he ever been put to the test?"As Mary lay there quietly beside her done."

"But, Mother, your eyesight?"Tall husband she saw again, in her mother's A rebelliousness crept into Mary's

Henry questioned, face, that calm, sure, conviction. Her heart. "Am I to believe Jerry is dead?"

"My eyesight!"she said. "Now, mother had not even a shadow of doubt. she thought. "Is the Lord trying to tell

listen, all of you, to me.... Better still, She smiled, and her whole expression my spirit that?"

also, trust children, her to imbegged bring theMary, Doctrine and Coveme the to of hear seemed She more plicitly in the Lord. lies thatnants there table."the on eternal. speaker's "Life words. Time sleeppicture faded from Mary's The obeyed. having remembered Mary is this short. earth on weep we Whenis its less place. eyes, another and took She turn section to one hundred "Now for for those have gone weep who we later directingfive, her a year mother it, nineteen. verse saw found you Have ourselves. to somegone have They in quilting Relief Society. the her it ward read toMary? me."Now left better. far only, are on We, stoop the thing her examine and She saw finding the for page, slow was Mary further probation."

stitches. sight surely her mother's Yes, her. ittears blinded found She and

read: "It is expedient that they should was normal. She had been restored to Mary's will struggled with these combe brought thus far for a trial of their health. According to her faith it had pelling words.

that. been. doubting no There wasfaith."not go. would They

lucid in her moments, most Mary, knew turn eleven, section to verse "Now spirit the peaceful still remembered it She so. lived, mother had been Her itseventeen,"said her mother. "Read night at sacrament had that had faith real that she her of very example ato me."

those she meeting same heard had when tried. been had then, read: behold, acMary "And thought, spoken. She words had "What into crept calm peace Mary's A desires, tocording yea, your aceven

to those they should be comfort a who faith that heart. to resolved a have She it faith shall tocording your be done her their sons."lost But have now endure. wouldunto you."

spirit rebellious to refused accept any understand you have what you "Do dead! can't in them. comfort "Jerry beread, to sleep did her not asked. Mary?"mother come Otill "Do in spirit cried isn't dead!"her He all is if test her immediately, understand? toyou Mary. That what As God anguish.said, the recent of sacin a Prophet, through speaker the to a words your

grandparents and others in the early rament meeting came to her with great Her husband awoke now and then days of the church, when mobs threatforce. and tried to comfort her, but her unrest

ened their destruction. It means that "This war will surely take some of was so great that she finally arose from

our Father in heaven must be sure of our boys, for it may be their time to the bed, put on a robe, went into the his children. He must know what they go,"he had said. "We all must die living room and walked back and forth.

are able to stand. Our faith must be sometime, but it is not when we die, but Never before had Mary's spirit known

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

1944 SUMMER SESSION July 17—August 11 intersession

July 15—August 11 intersession

WORKSHOP The school of education will conduct for the second summer a workshop and laboratory demonstration school in elementary education. The workshop provides a fulltime summer program characterized by the following features: opportunity for participants to observe modern elementary school practices in a laboratory demonstration

school and to observe and evaluate the day by day growth of children in an ungraded group; opportunity to

meet in discussion groups each afternoon to evaluate current school practices; and opportunities provided for

creative expression through emphasis on art, music and recreation. Parents registering in the workshop may

enroll children in the demonstration school.

MUSIC Special emphasis is being given to music education this year. Glen Gildersleeve, state music supervisor

in Delaware, will instruct classes during the first three weeks. Mabelle Glenn, music superv sor of the Kansas

city public schools, will teach during the second three week period. W. H. Manning ot Branch Agricultural College and for many years summer faculty member of the University of Wisconsin will teach for the entire season.

VISITING FACULTY Several other distinguished men and women have already accepted appointment for varying periods of time.

Among them are Dr. Harold E. Jones, director of the institute of child welfare at the University of California;

Henry Simon, professor of literature at Columbia University and music critic of "PM"; Hubert Herring eminent

authority on Latin America; and Frank Leahy, famous Notre Dame football coach. Write for a catalogue for

further information.

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

LOGAN, UTAH

244 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wBLESSED ARE THEY THAT MOURN such conflict. She felt she could stand

no more. XHROUGHOUTthe following

heart days, months, weeks, Mary's and fell against the livknees to her She at sober, peace. but were days Her was

uplifted ing face couch. room With conflict. felt inner she She had no

tears her cheeks, streaming she down learned that the meaning peace of "the cried again: the "Please, out to Lord GRAND WAYS arsurpasseth understanding."She had

this Father, pain take awful and away, rived point at the acshe could where let again. acpeace Let me know me DRESS TO UP life cept or his as death God's Jerry's

If will cept regarding thy Jerry. thou

will. hast heart him, Father, teach taken my MEATLESS'it later, MEALS Therefore, eleven months it. spirit to accept to be paTeach my gratitude with an overwhelming was

fatient. is If to Old SUPREME! he yet BAKED home,... BEANS come she that understanding a I and new in vorite, flavor. j important shall grateful."new be Now the messenger greeted redhaired same zest in with Mapleine. meals. \ your Put unsteadily. her arose She mind To front door. at Grinning her from boy "tastier. in your Use them Makes own the the Doctrine from and words came first ear, standing one ear to and on in kind! canned the or make"layeth Covenants: whoso "And down "I said, he foot the other, then on and

his life in my cause, for my name's sake, have a message for you, Mrs. WainCHICKEN LIVERS WITH RICES There'll

shall find it again, even life eternal."wright. It's from the War Departbe cheers for this, especially if you

A quietness came over Mary's spirit ment, too."But this time, as before, his pep up the flavor with Mapleine and

and body. Something evil seemed to young face gave it away. It was good | a touch of curry while sauteing them.

it. left have news.

She back to bed. went This time Mary opened the yellow |! oversMEAT goPIEa long,TREAT!longMakesway! Mapleinemeat leftthe boy, while grown envelope now

if firm the heavensent, as Then, taller, aloud: read waited. She "We I1 s-t-r-e-t-c-h-e-snever guess there'sthe meatlittleflavor.meat. You'll

that of old melody hymn, "Come, Come that to son, Gerald your inform wire you

Ye Saints,"floated softly into Mary's Wainwright, Jr., is now reported found

mind. Its confident, sure words came and safe."It was signed by the War Deto her with great force. "Why should partment.

we mourn, or think our lot is hard? Inside her own room Mary knelt

'Tis not so; all is right!"The melody again in prayer. With her heart full of ty Discover Mapleine, the

floated on: "And should we die before thanksgiving and new understanding she extrahelp flavor in wartime.

our journey's through, happy day! All said: "Thank thee, Heavenly Father, Helps you pep up many a

meal. in dishes, Grand main is well!"I though for even Jerry's And

it's for sugar. sweet onlywith I faith, thee for in faltered thank further spiritual conflict, Without mylife.

full Brings flavor out the of will."thy to accept teaching fell asleep. meMary

spices. meat, chocoBoosts

late flavor, too. Grand by itbottle fromyour grocer now. RIGDON'S FOLLY selfindesserts,dainties.Geta

(Continued from page 204) William E. McLellin, Jeremiah Hatch,

borhood came in large numbers to hear Col. George M. Hinckle.

IMITATION it MAPI! FLAVOR is that said for preach,Sidney Rigdon the Jerusalem building of 'T'he New

his associates rarely ofhe allowed any * it fact, started. In actually never was

It isto of the preaching. very any do

is if ever turned Rigdonites the doubtful that atevident that large the number of furrow. were em- a them plow Some of the out preachingtended mere came farms, but neighboring most ployed on

curiosity. to exRigdon's Contrary idle rather lived said to are a have CJrom a 6oy it ispectations, that said hardly more

life. of death them; some took Soon halfthan a converts dozen were made

left.. the. disappointed others and became service the in life this short theduring adventure. of Roller of colony. top "Mormon On the that to evidence There seems be I find thing in "The always One is the forest Hill"in the "Mormon ratherpreaching often took a on

in their Improvement are Era"or form dead some where Graveyard"frenzied atmosphere. in evethe Often

is only buried. graves article another marked were the an The on Word hisning adlead Sidney Rigdon would headstones were blazed It by of certainly Wisdom. helps a trees—no certainherents to grove the farm a on the In of the erected. 1 943 ever summer fellow's convictions, found I have histo in the await Savior and welcome

assistant the writer companion, a and that fellow your soldiers reallysecond they exadvent on earth, when after talking agent, agricultural county envy to indifference yourpected to to him. seeming caught be meet up

of the present with owners "Mormon things coffee, tobacco, such as is hillside the farm There a on where search, to direction to get where Farm"it is said that in their religious frenzy tried to locate some of the graves but liquor, and etc. And I've had sevthe members would roll down. It is uncould find no sign now that graves ever eral tell me they really look up to

fortunate that the name "Mormon"is existed there. Even the blazed trees a fellow who lives up to his religion.

affixed to this movement, but all local could not be found. I don't want to sound egotistical

histories speak of this venture as an efThe time for the final payment of but I have tried to live up to the fort to establish "Mormonism"in $8,700 on the farm arrived on the first teachings of the gospel to the best

Franklin County, Pennsylvania. of April 1 847, but no money was availof my ability. I hope that some day

Rigdon's sect left no records to speak able to meet it. What money the mem- I'll be able to serve as a missionary

for to existthem. appears There be no spent bers been possessed had had for for our church.

ing giving record of Rigdon's the names is It living wasted. claimed expenses or Thanks again for the "Era."followers or of their aims accomand effort that put did not even they much

plishments. However, it is known that toward harvesting any of the available Pvt. Bobby S. Tolman

some of the most prominent members crops. After a year there, there was Send them the ERA

as given in available writings were Sidstill no sign of any city or temple or any ney Rigdon, Samuel James, Elders Hyde of the many proposed industries. In 12 issues $2.00

and Heber, Judge William Richards, (Continued on page 246)

APRIL, 1944 245 RIGDON'S FOLLY (Continued from page 245) believer in the divine authenticity of the

August 1847, Mr. McLanahan foreBook of Mormon, which positively forbids

the the closed mortgage and farm was it of the the leaders organwere "4. Who sheriff's sale. sold at Mr. McLanahan ization, of them?"and what has become

bidder, thus regainthe successful was the prominent members Answer—Among

farm. ing possession of the of Franklin moved to the organization who

Sidney Rigdon and his close assoCounty I will name Sidney Rigdon, Samuel ciates were extremely disappointed lames, William Richards, Dr. George M.

men. They had failed completely. It is Hinckle, Jeremiah Hatch, Jr., Edward B.

Wingate, Joseph Leonard N. Newton, Soby said remarked, "There that Rigdon was

the spelling in the given county [Zody is religion of in the churches not enough history] B. corTomlinson, your and, Amos

of to feed woodpeck- a nest the town respondent.

ers."It is further claimed that Sidney Sidney Rigdon was the first president of

boasted "that the conflict would rage the church, and leader of the organization.

till the streets flowed with blood."He moved from Pittsburgh to the McLanaRENNET-CUSTARDS When the Confederate army invaded han farm in May, 1846, and left there April,

1849, in Friendship, Allegheny and first vilthe the Greencastle North, was fun more MILK make

County, he died York, where some Newsettled entire lage taken. area searched feller The was tired get of milk drinking can at A since. in counselors the years had two He age, eat but a with he milk any can soldiers of Confederate and by bands organization. is different! spoon Eggless, noncooked part of Lee's through passed army Illinois to from Samuel moved James rennetcustards are delicious, colorful milk, desserts for the whole family—Greencastle on its way to Gettysburg. Greencastle in 1846, and left there in the

more readily digestible than milk itself. Only skirmishes occurred in the area. spring of 1847. The last I heard, he was

They retain all the food values of milk. On the northern limits of the borough living some place in southern Missouri. He

counselors. of "Junket"all Rennet Rigdon's one Mr. was is grocers. of Greencastle marking a monument

sweetened. Already Powder—Six favoriteAtflavors. to Greencastle Richards William moved first soldier the spot southern where the Vanilla Chocolate Lemon left in in there 1847, 1846, and and setMay Orange fell soil, Raspberry the streets Maple but on northern have tled Holly, in or near Mt. he where N.J.,

Tablets never blood."with "run Rennet resided. formerly of the bishop was He

sweetened. sugar, Add—Not"Junket"the sold, the After farm Rigdonwas since. died church. a years few He flavor taste. to tablet Each

It ites scattered. that is claimed most 4 or Hinckle to Green- 5 rennetcustard moved Dr. George makes M.

desserts than a pint or more life castle or there in 1846, remained of and two went to Utah; them began some

in of automatic ice cream years, to Ilremoved more he back when joined independently, while frigerators. over others in 12 package. reAt

grocers and druggists. various groups in Iowa and Texas. linois from whence he came. He was a

widower and married in Greencastle a widTn 1886 a Mr. J. Fraise Richard, Esq., ow by the name of Hartman. He finally set-

A of Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, tled in New Buda, Decatur County, Iowa, wrote a letter to Ebenezer Robinson, whereJeremiahhe diedHatch,some Jr.,yearsmovedsince. to Greenthe church printer and counselor to Sidcastle in 1846, married one of Elder Rigney Rigdon, asking certain questions don's daughters, Lucy Ann, and moved from

about the organization. Following is the the McLanahan farm to Friendship, N.Y., in

reply to the letter, as printed in the August or September, 1847. He attained

Franklin County School Annual and considerable notoriety as a temperance lecProgram of the Seventysixth Annual turer, and organizer of Good Templar in the Ohio. and Lodges York When New Session of the Teachers Institute,

out, commissioned and broke he war was Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, Novemin the as Died captain served Army. Union

ber 1721, 1930: soon after his return from the war.

for recipes delicious Wartime milkdesFttPFf to B. Greencastle came Wingate Edward ice serts also and 1 City, Davis """""ffftt let, "Mother, creams;What About Diet?"bookIowa, April 24, 1886 in of Elder also 1846: married helpfulMy Righe one

Esq., Folks,"'Junket'"The the daughters, Sarah, don's and from moved 7+ Inc., Laboratory, Hansen's Chr. Dept. Pa. J.Chambersburg,Fraise Richard, (In Falls, Canada, Toronto, Little Ont.) Y. N. in N.Y., farm to Friendship. McLanahan

Sir: Please free recipes send wartime and chilDear last I heard Hatch. with Mr. company The

booklet. diet dren's of the carpenters bridge on was foreman letter of recent date is at hand he Your this paste (Just postcard coupon on

and add your name and address. ) (having been forwarded from Pleasanton), the N.Y. and Erie R.R.

in which you submit certain questions with Joseph N. Newton moved to Greenregard to the Mormon settlement made on castle, and left there in the fall of 1847 and

the McLanahan farm near Greencastle, Pa., went to Philadelphia, where he formerly

in 1846, with the request that "they be anresided. He died a few years since.

swered as fully as possible."Leonard Soby [Zody] moved to Greennouncing ever"1. publishDid you,a aspaperprinteron forthe thefarm?institution,If so, castleor 1848fromsettledPittsburghupon thein 1846,east andside inof1847the

nearly of he lived the farm. Published where Chambersburg, on Not

thirty the to Kendall he moved Messenger years, when anew whata Answer—No.few wasnumbersits name?"of North Mountain about eight miles northwest and Advocate of the Church of Christ, monthly, in County, Illinois, where he died some years

the summer and fall of 1846, in the borough since. (Note: Mr. Tomlinson was a Yankee.

called in Greencastle. Yankee His the gap was home now BOOK

"2. disfor you publish any tracts Did Gap.)THREE MDRMQN

all of last six CLASSICS oftribution the people? members were If so, can named among The you containing

"Leaves From My Journal"sendAnswer—No.me a copy, orIna publishingcopy of paperthe Messenissued?"Yourthe Grandcorrespondent,Council E.of Robinson,the organization.was one Wiliord Woodrufi

counselors, of printed and Elder copies Rigdon's moved of 2000 ger Advocate and we

First Mission""My in in issue, in to with greatly him Greencastle each of excess which company was Q. George Cannon

in subscribers. Greencastle large remained 1846, of the and our number May A Hamblin""Jacob in the 1847 of (with exception a distributed the few months extra copies were among Little A. James

I lived farm) unthat the people. not preserved he a on have McLanahan copy Preston Nibley by Compiled

til to 1855, in he printed April and these of of Iowa Greencastle. moved when any

Price $2.50 Have a copy of each of the first 22 numbers settled on a farm near Pleasanton, Decatur

Order at any book store or directly from printed in Pittsburgh, before we moved to County, where he resided until 1883, when

City, to County, Greencastle, Decatur Davis removed in a book. bound he INC. WALLIS, STEVENS "3. & residence. his of present place polyadvocate Rigdon Did Sidney

1, Salt Street, 36 Richards Lake City Utah enterprise?"the with connected while in and Greencastle he compiled While APRIL 5TH READY ABOUT not. firm did he was a (Concluded 248) on page He gamyAnswer—No,

246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 100% of the Interstate Brick Com108 names appear on our plaque pany's personnel has subscribed to for World War II—names of men

the Red Cross War Fund making and boys from this company now

substantial contributions. in the service of their country.

Interstate Brick Company 3100 South Eleventh East Salt Lake City 5, Utah Telephone 6-8651

APRIL, 1944 247 RIGDON'S FOLLY ( Concluded from page 246) He has been for many years and is a printed several editions of a small work enmember of the Reorganized Church of Christ titled. "Legal Forms for Transactions and of Latter Day Saints, and a firm believer in

Business and a Set of Tax and Interest the gospel of Christ, as revealed in the New

Tables together with a Short System of Testament scriptures and Book of Mormon,

Bookkeeping,"of which some 4,000 copies but always strongly opposed to polygamy, were sold. Also, a "Modern Letter Writer"as is also the church to which he belongs.

a "Child's Book,"and a primer; also some Respectfully yours,

thirteen of the numbers Conococheague

Herald, a weekly newspaper. Ebenezer Robinson

THOUGHTS FOR THE SERVICE MAN

{Continued from page 207) thing made that was made. "In him was

double standard of morality, that he life; and the life was the light of men

must be as clean as he expects his sister,... He was made flesh and dwelt among

sweetheart, wife to be. The truly reus and we beheld his glory, the glory

ligious man holds a high opinion of as of the Only Begotten of the Father himself as a child of God and seeks to full of grace and truth."

be worthy of his heritage.

'T'his truth concerning the spirit exist- '"Phe thoughtful young man, in the *"ence of Jesus of Nazareth before * quiet of his own tent, on the hillhis body was born in the stable in side, in the trench, in the airplane, on Bethlehem poses the challenging questhe battleship, will recognize a directtion to every thinking man, "If Christ ing Power behind the law and order lived before birth, what of me? Was

which are everywhere apparent despite birth my beginning?"And this leads to

the din and clangor of manmade war. the further searching question, "Why

From the very depths of his consciouswas I born? Whiat is the purpose of my

ness he will wish to be in harmony with life? If death is not to be my end, then

that Power. This inborn certainty that where do I go from here?"

is is overruling there an comPower great stops never newspaper A eternal devised our an Father God is all in the humanity, to rooted mon improving. Salt TribYour Lake It for his the salvation children. plan of

is better une truth, a persisted newspaper through the has and now the involved earth deathto coming of

It's than ago. year a as was the of ages. operation the notes he As spirits, less in to clothed bodies be which its good as everwatchful itnow finds effect, there of as cause he law and subject to death. it. are for Forgetful editors the can from make year A is effect that cause, without a and no it will better. be even their now of existence, time previous Why? they

effect greater is the every of cause a There's definite a reason. Durresponsibilities the are with charged

his his cause, native supports reason ing 1943 feature writers new life evil, entails, resist to to earn which its to have staff: been all faith added sees that behind causes he and sacrifice efthings worthwhile and by Welles, Sumner Jr., Fulton Lewis is. is all there that the of Creator God, fort, to wisely, to develop choose powPertinax, Mowrer, Wight, Wall. the ages has Throughout spoken God er, things right learn the to to The Overseas do Service way, has News

testified. to man. so prophets have The joined the International in other News or to obedient words, become

is vision Their prophetic and power Service, Associated Press, United to the gain greater of laws and God

Press. direction. evidence divine of such But Chicago Tribune Press fitness for future eternal progress. Life Service the and York his spiritual searches he Times New outwho own is this then, test to eternal of the temper to Staff Foreign give Tribune finds reachings personal evidence a more

It is spirit. of school room, a period a readers as complete a news existence. of earnest God's Through

is It coverage learning. training as in a any where newspaper camp

find will prayer comfort, courage, he the world. there. for service are prepared over men

intelligent, Millions assurance. and of

is it is training the But, a not end; the

faith This honest constant have for and had have men searching news to the larger end, part of an means a is sources continuing a of policy in the Spirit anbeen guided by Holy

It plan. trainee for future conditions the the Salt Lake Tribune. During 'the fool swer to prayer, while hath activity. 1944, rapidly as as distinguished is in his heart, said There God."no writers new services and news is is deathless. Birth his not beMan Christ in the Jesus born was who which the meet exacting standis his ginning end. and death not He is the of Bethlehem Virgin the of Mary the ards Salt Lake Tribune

earthlife passes of to from a world central figure Christianity. can of discovered, be the misHis editors

of the Tribune will present them sion was divine. His influence is worldspirit which is matter more refined. He

to their readers. wide. His simple, clear doctrine tranrecovers his body, purified and immortal, resurrection the through made all scends teachings the of men. The That's Tribune readers why are is possible Christ the Jesus key by who enduring his greatness teachings, of and assured ever - an improving the figure of salvation. of plan whole life the invincible his of are adpower newspaper.

retains his of thought, learnpower mitted alike. friend lived Man foe and by He

faith, ing, action, obedience. and He before spirit the earth was, in the world

with his Father. He, having passed retains his free agency and is ever rethrough mortality, knows its problems sponsible for the consequences of his

and can understand and help you with choice. He will persist throughout eteryours. nity as a separate identity, a person, a

Jesus Christ is the Son of God the child of God.

Father. He is a member of the GodBy example Jesus taught us how to

head, and was present at the creation live. He desires that all men shall have

of the world. In the first chapter of the joy, and teaches that eternal joy deGospel of St. John we are told that he pends upon definite conditions, upon

was in the beginning with God and that controlling desire, and resisting the he was God, that all things were made temptation to act in opposition to eterby him and without him was not anynal truth. He teaches us that joy is an

248 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA )..

THOUGHTS FOR THE SERVICE MAN

effect of causes over which we can exman to the test. It calls upon him to

ercise conscious control. He suffered prove his manhood, to resist the "downMOST important thing

the hardships of life, rejected the gifts drag"of his environment, and to overof earth, and made the supreme sacrifice come the impulse to act contrary to about Rancho Soup is that all may be put in the way of eternal what he knows is right.

for sufferedhappiness. and died He men As you think of these things on the, thoughtbecause he they were worth

dying for, and in this lesson on sacrifice *"* battlefield, in the air, or on the ocean, searching your yourself, to orient trying | taste salvation. to has us thehe shown way

its of life and questions these soul with us the glory has and power shownHe of selfmastery. If we are to follow meaning and purpose, you may feel like.the LEAST important thing

him, we must be willing to sacrifice tem- a pilot over a strange country searchporary pleasures for enduring joy. ing the map and the landscape for eviabout Rancho Soup is

dences of location and direction. SomeThe plain tendency of religion today times you may feel that you are just a

is toward an emphasis upon the dignity dot on that map, but being a child of soul, the individual of worthand human is as value such that regardedwhose it Goddivineyoupurposemust rememberin life, andthat thatthereyouris a price would not profit a man to exchange it Heavenly Father is mindful of you.

for the whole world. Sometimes men Yours is the priceless privilege to conserving in the army come to feel that tact God through prayer. You are his

less little you becausethey, costs It individually, of are imporinvites is you Father. son. your He He less us get to costs istance, that part so the minor play they is allwise, him. daily to with talk He to your SOUP itRANCHO littlethat But, consequence. are they of present allpowerful, everywhere farmby grocer from our

if fits well, his each part he does one Spirit. will hear you in his when West! in the here Holy He kitchens

with the larger scheme. It is the aggreyou call, will guide you as you strivegate of individual effort, properly dito serve him, and will be your com- 5 VARIETIES*

rected, that makes an effective army. panion wherever you may go. Cling TOMATO VEGETABLE PEA

So in life, the individual pattern is of to these eternal truths and there will At your Grocer's CHICKENNOODLE ASPARAGUS great importance because, if properly come into your being a quiet courage always..

fashioned, it fits in with the divine plan. which is borne of faith, which will tranThough your role may seem to you inscend all the confusion, doubt, and REACH FORfinitesimal, remember that the great danger that may assail you, and make of

plan of the Master would be marred you the kind of man you want to be, an without it. You, having left home in unconquerable free agent, an immortal

response to your country's call, have soul. May He bless you in your prayermoved out into the frontier regions of ful meditation and enable you to transRANCHO

responsible choice. This is a tremendous late your convictions into action, and to

responsibility, for the consequences of know if you live worthily, you, with deliberate choosing carry over into his help, can meet unflinchingly and eternity. triumphantly any situation that may

Life in the armed forces puts each arise. fompkdsL

Bonking JACOB HAMBLIN In Continued of the chief. reception 211) from page the room the S&Av/ol.. takhimself gathered, found dim, cool interior but had all been heThe crops(

one squash below the terrace had esing mental notes of the cementlike subcaped notice. How hungrily the men stance that covered the floors, of the COMMERCIAL AND SAVINGS

snatched it up! How hastily they made rugs and blankets, of the fine pottery. ACCOUNTS

a fire to cook it. How greedily they Then his hostess brought his supper, a

ate—one small squash for twelve men. dish of stewed meat and beans, peaches, TRUST DEPARTMENT—Acting

They all declared that it must be a new and some thin corn cakes arranged in as Administrator, Executor,

Trusteevariety, it was so much sweeter than groups of seven—seven cakes of white Guardian and

the ones they raised on the Santa Clara, meal, seven of blue, seven of red.

another proof of the old adage that ABSTRACT DEPARTMENT "hunger is the best sauce."In writing of the supper he said, "The

that surmising apparently further miles few on they came to hostess, A I SAFETY DEPOSIT BOXES of the to partake would not know how villages, of theone a community Hopi dexterously without a spoon, soup bean cliff ofof mesa. houses rugged on top toAll departments on ground floor tightly fingers, her closed thrust afar the Indian sighted guards hadFrom

containing it, and into gether, the dishtheir dust, the approaching alarm had gone out, and the natives were prepared with a very rapid motion carried the to give battle. But when the missionsoup to her mouth. Then she motioned

aries rode up, dusty and travelstained, for me to eat. Hunger was pressing and

when all but Jacob remained back and a hint was sufficient."

he came forward without the sign of a After the meal, the hostess brushed SAVINGS &

CO. TRUST their fear to curiosweapon, gave bits with way a feather of crumbs up any UTAH

ity. chief, to the Street taken retired was Jacob and where duster 235 South Main then that Jacob and

his friendly attitude and complete simthe chief might talk. Though neither Salt Lake City 1, Utah

plicity won confidence at once. The knew a word of the other's language, Member Federal Reserve System

natives, reassured, decided to take the they had many signs and motions, and Member Federal Deposit white visitor to their homes for supper. the Indian boy whom Jacob had brought Insurance Corporation

Jacob climbed the high ladder to the along acted as interpreter.

top of the wall and down another to (Continued on page 251

APRIL, 1944 249 SOLUTION TO MARCH PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—The Exodus from Egypt

J A c B 1 s D ft, E A M Egypt,"Andout Mosesof the housesaid untoof bondage."the people,ExodusRemember13:3. this day, in which ye came out from

IN S L N E A V E &8 a A T E E V 1 E S A u o R A L "R E 1 M A N N Q. "D ft 1 o| 1 [l E Y N S iTt ME E N E P L E S T S A N '|l|u|z| 1 K T M T L H M? E v|q[w L A E

N 1 ft E L E L A H r -R o W A L $ S L U E A I M s N \ P ft $ A ft L A D D E $ A F K m B E E ft S H E B A 331 3T 33: 33= 3CC

3O rmpwvemevit

erd

The ERA gives you much of the best current CHURCH ACROSS

LITERATURE. Within its cov- 2 "But... led the people about "34 Sister of 8 across

ers you find each month au- 4 "And the... spake unto Moses"38 Mechanic

thoritative material written or 118 Volcano"And. mountain.. said unto the people"41 "hisin thechosen captains"also are drowned

Artificial station Israelites second 12 language 44 where the The leaders. spoken our church by ""after crossing the pilgrimage of their encamped the land 45 Red sea

""Ex. the crib his master's and 47 15: 27... occurred what Has it to you

notice Public animals 48 Twofooted 13 priceless gems of theology, 14 Brother of 8 across 49 Pertaining to the Norsemen

Part of City of 16 a glove Gen. 51 King Hadar 36: 39 poetry downto-earth gosand

Ecclesiastical court 17 do 52 we... still?""Why

.. in the yearby- have pel you suffix Plural. that is told "as a 19 53

Pharaoh's penalties of Gen. words) Abraham 11: 31 56 (3 Home year volumes of this maga20

. Israelites killed "the King hath 26 57 by the he thrown and"his rider.."zine?. "It is sea into not so to the.. 27 meet

28 Freest 58 "So Moses brought... from the Red

sea, for they not preserve and Peep 30 them Why went"out into the wilof derness 31 Shur Salvation Army future reference your your and Afternoon 32 children's edification? We urge

you to do so.

Single volumes (12 numbers) bound DOWN in durable, attractive, blue cloth 1 "he giveth his.. sleep"31 Mount from which the law was given

3 Exodus is in this 33 Microscope user (abbr.)

". binding, taste like "the of his wafers stamped as snow was hand 34 made in gold $2.25 4 "it was

trees of with honey Genus 5 each plus postage.? "soil the of eyes of of hath land conCanaan 35 The 6 who...

Ten or more volumes at one time 79 PulpitsWeight of India 36 Onetained(Scot.)much... (Scot, var.)

first state Atlantic gathered 37 Middle 10 was manna Where $2.00 plus each postage. "this thy cast into, and cast it before 11 Take was Joseph 39 "... Pharaoh the went Lord "And before"them by Bring them in or mail them to us 15 Style of cooking cloud 40 a of a day in...

NOW! 1718 CountryPhilippineof peasantEurope 42 "The..."treesPs. 104:of the16 Lord are full of

21 Mount on which Aaron died 43 Eldest son of Isaac 22 Land that the Israelites left 46 New Testament book "5052 SoutheasternMeans of transportationstate Jhe UJeteret Ifjews ftre55 2324 City"Depart,of Egyptand Jer....46:up 25hence

29 Richards Street. Salt Lake City 2529 Fish"ye shall be a peculiar..."54 PlaceNum.passed21: 28on the way to Canaan

3S:xje: 33= 331 3 30 King of 22 down 55 A Scotch eye

250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jacob Hamblin HAYING COSTS (Continued from page 249) "Are you the chief asked. not afraid we will kill you?"with a JOHN DEERE Mower

"Do you kill your friends?"

;;No."OUILT for heavyduty service, the easyon,

"Then you will not kill us, for we are *-'easyoff John Deere power mower will fit your friends."any tractor. Modern in design, it will give you

"Americans have bad hearts,"the faster, cleaner cutting... smoother, quieter

said.chief look like Americans. "You operation. Fully protected safety releases with

heart is good. yourMebbe No Ameri-

.. steel. enclosed drive running village."to ourcans can come

oil in easy... high are features that lift—theseroller chain

HThe Mormon missionaries visited all cut mowing costs to a minimum. See your

* seven of the villages which comJohn Deere dealer for full particulars on either prised the Hopi nation, though each vilJohn Deere power mowers or horsedrawn lage in turn was named and had a govmowers.

ernment by itself, such as the Oraibis, the Moquis, and the Zunis. They were

very different from the Piutes and Pi- v* Johnhave builtDeere a horsedrawnreputation formowerseasyedes with whom the Mormons had been operation and long life in all farmcommunities. Sealed gear missionariesworking, were and the automatic lubrication...ing...case

life. in accuratelymachined parts cuttingmuch interested their way of

are just a few the features of this fine buildThey noted the economy in the use of—thesethat helpedwood, the methods or storing rain tion. reputawater; they watched the men and women at their looms and saw their flocks

and farms.

When they were ready to leave, Jacob told them that he would visit them again the next year, and asked what he should bring to trade. They told him

that they would like machines to help with their work, and he resolved to bring wool cards and sheep shears, spades and hoes, and perhaps some of the dyes which his own people had learned how to use.

Four of the missionaries were appointed to stay among these people to learn their language and further the friendly relations thus begun—William

Hamblin, Jacob's younger brother,

Thomas Leavitt, his brotherin-law,

Andrew Gibbons, and Benjamin Knell.

The others prepared to return home.

They tried at each of the villages to for the journey, returnbuy food but LOW COST natives thethough kind and gave were small presents ofthem corn and Protectionpeaches, none. they would sell These

desert Indians knew too well what it FDR meant to go hungry, since they had suffered through several drouth years, andthey did not dare part with their small SUGAR BEETS store. So the Mormon missionaries with FARQUHAR

started home with insufficient food for themselves and none for their horses. IRON AGE "Iron Age"traction sprayer

simplified capmachineAfter with nothing a few days but beet sugar of handling the York, Pa.—aable

grass that thedry bunch grew among as as efficiently protection complicated and higher manyrocks, the animals so jaded they became sprayers. priced

incould hardly Troubles came Traction Sprayersbattalions. scattered their A travel.runaway plants from underneath, Farquhar Iron Age traction sprayers are being used complete coverage of the

few remaining provisions; they dared extensively not only in important sugar beet districts well as from above... to provide even distributionas

visible residue. excessive of solution without spray in but other potatoes, tomatoes, light fire for fearnot their revealing a of territories—for ready steel frame, and strong mechanism, Heavy duty beans, etc. cantaloupes, as Unusually efficient well to roving, the hostilewhereabouts maintelife with long minimum assures adjustment as economical, all give essential they the qualities pressures capacity nance. Tank 100Navajo. gal.—pump in desired a sprayer, modern such as thoroughness, lbs. to range from 100 300

speed, handling easy and troublefree crossing ilriver, After the they sprayer where "Iron Age"The catalog—fully operation. traction "Iron sprayAge"entire "Iron for specifications the better, conditions toexpected lustrated—withFREE! ers they are especially be spray to to designed for accessories line sprayer and pressure high Age"very give the of the ends rows to... overtakenwere crop, of a snowstorm. heavy every spraying incidental detail by row the to

Thus was cold added to the inconveniorchard or grove.

STATES IMPLEMENT CO. fast.ence of a threeday They walmmfOKcmim-! MOUNTAIN Ogden, Utah

until throughlowed the snow, when they arrived at Pipe Spring they were all at point. the breaking Where

their on A. B. FARQUHAR COMPANY out they had bantered and way

(Continued on page 252) 3408 DUKE STREET, YORK, PENNSYLVANIA

APRIL, 1944 251 JACOB HAMBLIN (Continued from page 251) with layer upon layer of dust, his bloodcontested, they now huddled in rude shot eyes saw lakes and trees in the shelters, the snow up to their knees. mirages that mocked his thirst, when

As they wrestled with the problem the only movement would be the little of starting a fire, Dudley Leavitt and whirlwind spirals that careened across

Lucius Fuller got up, went outside, and the country or the scurrying of an ocbegan to saddle their horses. All day casional lizard. And he knew the cruel

long Jacob had ridden in silence, and the intensity of the brief winter storms men, following his example, had said how well he knew them all!

little. There was no inclination to joke This first trip was by no means his

or sing; certainly they did not want to most difficult or dramatic. It was signifcomplain. Jacob rose and followed the icant chiefly as being first, and because

men outside. it marked the route which was most

"What are you going to do?"he often followed. Later he explored anasked. other, going due south from St. George

"We are going home or die in the atto what was later named Pearce's FerSUMMER QUARTER tempt,""ChancesDudleyare, answered.you can't make it with ry,Franciscoand southMountainfrom andthereon toto thetheLittleSan

the thus country, out marking in the to be used TWO SESSIONS yourif youtiredcould,horses,"you couldn'tJacob toldget him,help "andback routeColoradowhich was later establishment of settlements in that secFirst Term onlyto usthingin time.to doItislooksto shootto mea horselike thefor tion.

till the storm here wait and food 21 June its of 12—July share but one trip had what Not passes."

hardship. the time There when was

didn't that before?"say you "Why Second Term thirteen they between days were

said, pulling the saddle Dudley and thirst springs, of died and would have 25 July 24—August horse, his for from his he motioned comfall another the snow. but for of At

it. to panion shoot All eighteen work will be conducted of their ten time they had

I the sweetest ever meat "It was that stolen, they horses which meant on Provo Campus later. tasted,"to he used say years remaining of the way, must most walk All Colleges Divisions of and of steaks the cut out had "Some men horses trek. of the Five an eightday

the University will operate of the hind quarter almost before it were loaded with the camp equipage,

All Departments will be stopped kicking."which left three to be ridden by nine

out into the they turned men, as a result worked had and and walked Jacob represented tie"tent, of "ride All system tears running his cheeks. by and a novel down

Utah State Curriculum daying ahehorse,had dreadedpartly forthe thoughtthe loss ofof killthe whichand theneachwouldmantiehadthehishorseturnsoatthatridingthe

Conference and animal and partly because he was afraid one following on foot might take his

Workshops the men would argue and object and turn. At another time, nearly dead from

First Three Weeks have to draw lots to see whose horse thirst, they came to Cataract Canyon

walls salt, precipitant diet sole without of water. horse stream meat The was Lectures—Musicals would be sacrificed. For two days their and saw, three thousand feet below, a

it gultheir numberless lives but with saved and enabled them were combed down Concerts—Recreation to reach their homes. lies, the trail they took was so narrow

Outstanding Resident in many places that a horse could not

Faculty HpHis marked Jacob's first trip into have turned around had it wanted to. A

Celebrated Visiting Staff *- Arizona; thereafter for many years sixhour hike to get a drink!

he went almost annually, usually leavSend {or your summer school ing in the fall when the harvest was ""Phere was not a trip that would not catalogue over, the river was at its lowest, and "make its own history, and in all of the winter storms had not set in. them, but one life was lost, that of

in This was A. Smith, Jr. young George intimateto desert the came know He Brigham Young University Inthe their third trip to Moqui 1 860 in its ly; could moods. read he knew He

PROVO, UTAH its wastes and its occasional water dians. They had left Santa Clara, acpockets. He drank in the wonder of the cording to the regular pattern, in the

spring's brief blooming, though he was fall, this time taking two wagons and inarticulate when it came to putting it a twentyfoot boat. Once in the Navadown on paper. Then the palm leaf joland they were met by a group that

\Ood cfraveling cactuslarger thanopenedtheitstinbrilliantcup fromcerisewhichbloom,he wasto maintaindecidedlyanhostile.attitudeJacob,of friendlinessdetermined

them. to trade with peace, stopped and delicately yet gaudier more (companion... drank, of the negotiations, midst young In the rose. barrel translucent than any The

... In the past, I have had the cactus wore a coronet of golden bloom, George A. noticed that his little mare

opportunity of going to Belfast, Ireand the yucca lifted a tall stem of was running off with a band of Indian horse land, ponies, twice. the on another he so over jumped and way On bells. lengththe creamy, waxen When

I the of back, the issues read two her. after started and hills the stretched across ening shadows

I I I truthfully had. say can ERA shots three sunset heard Suddenly reflection the of dyed Jacob the and never reading enjoyed have them

four quickly, ring out. gray, he sent Checking the rose of over with a film them to more. comfort They were a me

and an inspiration.... he lighted his small fire and made his men in search of the boy. They found

bed where it would be fragrant with the him propped against a rock with three

Sincerely your brother, sweetness of the sand flowers, whose bullets, fired at close range, in his body,

N. L. Sainsbury, EM 1/c pink umbels exhaled a perfume sweeter and four arrows buried above the ar-

U.S.S. Wasp Detail than its civilized cousin, the verbena. row heads. They pulled out the arrows,

c/o S. O. S. He knew the late summer, too, when all lifted the boy onto a blanket, and carQuincy, 69, Mass. the green of the spring was a parched ried him to camp.

and brittle brown when, his body coated By this time the Indians were gather252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

JACOB HAMBLIN ing in from every direction, evidently man on his knees moving ahead of the bent on attack. Jacob sent his intertrain, inching out a path. They found preter to see what he could learn of the bones scattered, but Jacob gathered GiNUm

their intent, and he returned as pale as all he could find, put them in a box it was possible for an Indian to be. which he had brought along for the

"They say that white men have killed purpose, and started back.

three of their number,"he said. "They

say if you will give them two more they /NE day they met some of the Inwill let you go in peace. I think it is S dians who had been in the group

better that two should die than all."when the boy was killed, and Jacob

"You go back and tell them that talked with them without anger or dethough we are few, we are well armed, sire for revenge. He had a fundamental

and we will fight to the last man before admiration for these stately men with DURKEE'S Mayonnaise makes we give anybody up. They may kill all their long hair tied back and their silver better salads, tastier dressings...

kill first. us, but of their of them many we will ornaments; he also courage saw gives everyto goodness new

like live rather die than I would fearlessness. told that a man and him They use. because it with.. thing you like dog."a the sorry that they had young were man

While his companions made haste to been killed; if they had known Jacob it's genuine mayonnaise, made

pack their animals in preparation for better it would not have happened. with fresh eggs.

leaving, Jacob took time to retire for a At Salt Lake City Jacob delivered the brief prayer. He returned reassured. remains into the hands of the father.

"There will be no more lives lost,"he When Brigham Young offered to pay told his men. "Let us get away."him for the trip, he shook his head.

The problem was what to do with the "No,"he said. "It is not the sort of

wounded boy. To leave him behind was thing one does for pay. I'll take my

unthinkable, for they knew that the settlement with George A., Jr., when I

Navajo would not only scalp him but meet him."

would torture him as well. To take To follow Jacob Hamblin's different

him along would be pain as exquisite as trips is the work of a volume. He was

any the Indians could inflict, and yet a the first white man to explore northern man can take it better from a friend. Arizona; he was the first to go down

They lifted him onto a horse with a man the Colorado River through the Black behind to support him and hold him on. and Boulder canyons in a boat. A few

Again and again the boy begged them years later Major J. W. Powell folto stop and let him down, to leave him lowed the same route, but he had Jaand save their own lives. When Jacob cob's account in his hands. In fact, Jaexplained that they must go on and that cob Hamblin was guide on many of

they could not leave him, he groaned. Major Powell's trips, being valuable hot

"All right,"he said at last. "Only only for his knowledge of the land, but IDEAS GOOD for his prestige the Indians. with die in peace."I could wish I do AT This is shown Major Powell when passed the group that among Word

the Navajo were coming. Sure enough, met the Indians in the vicinity of Mt.

there was a cloud of dust surrounding Trumbull in an effort to learn what had horsemen coming at a gallop lying happened to three of his men who had AND DEALERS low along their horses'necks. A shiver climbed out of the canyon near there a

of excitement ran through the crowd, year before. He gives a vivid account

but Jacob was undisturbed. of the meeting, of the conversations re-

"There will be no more lives lost,"peated by the interpreter, of the Indians'he repeated quietly. story of their hardships in this land.

Then, just as they were nearly within "The gravity of the Mormon missionhelped much,"admitted. Powell range, their ary turned gun the Navajo Be- I \* >!<>r. m cause him, the Indians sponsored Jacob off across horses the counand galloped

try. Had the Mormons started to run, accepted him, yet after several hours of

they would surely have pursued them, talk he knew no more about what he but when they did not change their had come to learn than he had at the pace, the natives decided against open beginning. As the meeting was breakbattle. ing up, Jacob put a detaining hand on

Their tension eased, the group saw the arm of an Indian and drawing him that the wounded boy was dead. They quietly to one side, talked in low tones.

did not feel safe to stop for a burial, so In a few minutes he came back with all they wrapped the body in a blanket and the details.

left it beside the road, full of sorrow for One story, often retold, shows why his sufferings and the grief of his parthe Indians had gained such confidence ents. in him. When the Navajo came to

As soon as he arrived at the fort, Kanab to trade, they would stop on a

Jacob sent word to the father and to knoll just outside of town, build a

Brigham Young. Instructions came back smoke, and with a blanket signal that

for him to take another group of men they were there. Then Jacob would go

and go back for the body. out and invite them in or arrange to

On this trip, the danger lay more in trade with them there.

the trails than from the Indians, for the One day he sent his son, Jacob, Jr.,

winter snows had come, doubling the out with a pony to exchange for blanrisks. Some mornings they had to wait kets. The boy, eager to make a good

for the sun to soften the slick surface of bargain, kept demanding more and the ice; sometimes they hacked at it more, and the Indian gave what he

with their hatchets or butcherknives, a (Continued on page 254).APRIL, 1944 253

JACOB HAMBLINDISCOVER MAPLEINE

(Continued from page 253) to speak, the firelight on their bare asked without much protest. When he brown skin, the silver ornaments, and

arrived home, pleased with himself as the colorful headdress, and the painted a good trader, his father looked at the faces making the scene even more terblankets and without comment counted rifying. With many gestures they told

out one pile. of how this man had told them to come

"You take these back,"he told the to the Mormon country to trade, how boy. "You charged too much for the they had gone in peace, and then had

pony; this is all he was worth."been betrayed. Here was Jacob who

At the camp, the Indian was eviwas responsible for it all. What could

dently expecting him. they devise that would be punishment

"I know you come back,"the native enough for such treachery?

said. "Jacob your father? He my father, The Piute boy, sweating with fear, too."told Jacob the decision—to lay his

naked body over the coals or to tie

MAYBE you have never thought '"Phe one time when Jacob's life was him to a tree and build a fire around as a of except Mapleine syrup maker the witness must Americans him. The the promise peril, in when * most

I discover, supreme. it is But Which to back then carry word torture and twenty than to more him which came too,these extra makers: wartime menu of quiver a the test, Without the Mormons. to its severest earlier put years was

to decision the repeated all admuscle, the Jacob against in 1874, when was STRETCHES FLAVOR MEAT would companions. They his white to the Navafriends, went his he of vice

is except not sweet—MAPLEINE told out, they his fight help him way war. The Indian an to avert jo country it"pointsup"with sugar.Withmeat, escape. to if try to wanted him, he four who Navajo trouble began when for pies, meat meat flavor. Grand

croquettes, "meatstretching"meat had come into the Mormon country to "No,"he said. "Sit still and say

loaves. Improves gravy, too. Try it trade had been trapped by a snowstorm nothing."

in Grass Valley, on the Sevier River, He had one of those sudden flashes

STRETCHES CHOCOLATE near the present town of Richfield. Being which told him that if he did not make

the Mapleine magic way SHEER no move there first be would move, the owner, killed The a calf. they hungry,

brings the chocolate out flavor.You thirst not as do you "Inasmuch made. it, gathered discovered not a Mormon, acless chocolate can use you when shall they Indians., the of blood for the Indians, the attacked and a posse, in cakes, flavor cent the chocolate

life, the take your to not power fourth. have the ing three Howkilland wounding Mapleine. cookies, frostings—with

this last man ever succeeded in dragging promise had said. He would accept it at

STRETCHES SPICES himself over all the hard miles between face value.

SPICES getting scarce? They'll last there and his home across the river will Now it was his turn to speak. In

longer—with Mapleine! Use less always be one of the mysteries. The tones so low that they had to lean forthe spice—you most of make what began. him, he to hear know to a "You natives the ward sight worked of him

all spice rich use! the out Bring I I that friend. they their that your know honor You maintain am heat. fever To a bottle of flavorwith Mapleine. Get to lied to you. I come never now have revenge. have must today! your grocer Mapleine from

Knowing full well the danger of his tell you that my people, the Mormons, mission, Jacob set out alone. Twice did not kill your warriors—

Bishop Levi Stewart of Kanab sent a Again the council went on. Some of

messenger telling him to come back, and the Indians held out for torture, others ITTTl then loose and turn refused. to Jacob wanted Jacob FLAVOR twice IMITATION MAPLE

still they thought others appointed to this misdown, been run him "I have sion by the highest authority of God on should demand cattle and horses in paythe earth,"he said. "My life is of small ment. Whenever it was Jacob's turn to

moment when compared to the lives of speak, he insisted on the same things the Saints and the interests of the kingthat he was their friend; that his people

dom of God. I am determined to trust did not kill their warriors. Why should

in the Lord and go on."they pay for that which they had notMUSICfor CHURCHES AND At Moencopi he met a Mr. J. E. done?

Smith and his brother, two men who had Finally the Indians agreed that if the lived Indians the among and who were four hungive them would Mormons SCHOOLS determination. intrigued Jacob's by give cattle, would dred if Jacob head ofLarge stocks are carried lor vocal and instrumental solos, choirs, bands and orchestras. At the camp, Jacob was met by coldthem a paper promising this, he should

Therement inis thebut limitedpublishingcurtailmentof musicbyandthe yourgovernre- ness and hostility; the one chief whom have his freedom; otherwise he should

quirements can be reasonably supplied. Mail he had counted on to befriend him was be killed. Still he refused. They might

ordersand specialfilled lists.promptly or write for catalogues not there. Instead, young warriors stalkkill him, he said, but he would not burWE CARRY VICTOR, COLUMBIA AND OTHER ed about, their feathered warbonnets den his people with an unjust debt.

RECORDS.WELL KNOWN their bright streaked faces in the sun, free. hours, him they set eleven After

the manufactureWhile of pianos and band paint, with vivid blue red and of their chief and some to take wasstruments put on He discontinued 18 months was inby ago the to government, conditions, emphasize the hardness of their feadue war we still to to prove to his country their back men limited this of stocks classhave of merchandise tures. was his words. of Thus again truth the invite to write for information. furtherand you

long, feet feet twelve regard for Jacob Hamblin strengthened. wide by twentyDAYNES47 So. Main St. MUSICSalt LakeCO.City The council was held in a lodge some bloodshed averted; thus again was their

in his the center. with a fire and Jacob

from his story interesting comes at friends white were seated two the ONE lives in Kanab. son, Walter, who bewarriors with twentyfour back

tween them and the only way of escape. "I was only a little boy,"he says,

Wherever They Go... The meeting began with a burst of "eight or nine years old, maybe, and we

in North Somewhere chiefs, down were traveling oratory of one the young from ever I appreciate than Africamy Now more Mexico. in the brought wounded to for who man subscription and New the it contains We hadneartwothewagons.line of "Era"

is things to the unable a person ahead, and driving one Father his sufferings was gestures told of get in with many... in other Africa. here any way I one. second driving the was bodies mother of the and companions whose Sincerely yours,

s/S/Sgt. Joseph V. Hunter lay for the wolves to devour. was in with mother.

One after another of the braves arose "It was at the time when the Apaches 254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jacob Hamblin were a terror throughout the country.

We passed through a Mexican village where all the people had been killed and the houses were only charred posts and piles of ashes. Then we saw a lot

of Indians coming toward us on horseback. To my childish eyes it looked

like hundreds and hundreds, but as I think of it now, I imagine there were sixty or seventy, maybe. I looked at my

mother. She was pale as death. I

thought my last day had come, and huddled against her whimpering.

"Father stopped his wagon, so we stopped, too. The two ends of the long

line encircle to the began Fawagon.

ther stepped the springseat from down ground.to the Indian rode forOne BRIGHAMHISTORICALYOUNG THE COLONIZER, by Dr. Q

ward alone, and I heard him cry, 'JaMilton R. Hunter—an account of the settlement

cob!'It was the happiest sound I ever of the Great Basin by Mormon pioneers under the

heard. Then they ran toward each leadership oi Brigham Young. So vividly is this

told that story the carried reader along seems other, locked and were emin a tight of the part fastmoving as a hundrama. Fourbrace, with pressed their cheeks togethof for authentic, fascinating dred pages reading

er, like two brothers that had been the whole family. Price, $3. 00.

separated a long time. It was a band

of Navajo on their way back from driving the Apache over the Mexican borINSPIRATIONAL der, and the chief was the one of whom Jacob was so fond."UNTO THE HILLS, by Richard L. Evans-a

compilation of the author's "spoken word,"the that have the Tabernacle accompanied on. one might and go onCo Jacob thoughtsChoir broadcasts. This 150page demonvolume *** his Hamblin, ideal with of friendstrates truth itself: expressed a "Simin the book

liness, of fairdealing and peace, stood ple language, burdened with a message of plain between the two ways of life, the Inand honest truth, strikes deep into the hearts and dians and the whites, and did more thoughts of men...."Price, $1.50.

singlehanded to bring about a mutual understanding than all the soldiers thatever marched into Arizona. Always on INSPIRATIONALthe frontier, he was weakened by exposure and hardship until he died preTHIS DAY AND ALWAYS, by Richard L.

Hills."companion to "Unto the book Evans—a at sixtysix, thematurely age of as much Here will is a into"book you enjoy "dipping

the toa martyr cause as of peace... constantly. of subjects The range depth the

though he had been killed by a bullet or of thought... the simplicity and beauty of ex-

a poisoned arrow. He was so faithful pression—these qualities combine to make this a

to his calling that he truly deserved the treasured volume. Price, $1.50.

title of "Apostle to the Lamanites"which Brigham Young gave him on December 15, 1876. DOCTRINAL

SIGNS OF THE TIMES, by Elder Joseph Fielding Smith—a compilation of lectures. In these

TO A SMALL SON daysing andof war,importantcrime,toandnoteoppression,the signs itofistheinteresttimes as they unfold before us. Thoughtful readers

will want this 170page interpretative volume.

By Edith Lovell Price, $1.25.

k I *here was a time I thought that you ORDER NOW: CO THE1465 Street, StateBOOKCRAFT South Salt Lake City Could do the things I wanted to;

the Please send books checked below.4, Utah

I had a notion you could be check or money order enclosed.

finer, better, me. wiserA Please send C.O.D. the Story Pioneers The Mormon In $1.25 the Gospel Net $2.00 D

S. Mabel Byof Harmer A. Widtsoe John By

folly; Saint $2.50 that was The I knowAh now Gay Evidences Reconciliations $1.85 and D Paul Bailey By A. By John Widtsoe

You have your own long road to go. D monsSam Brannan and the California Mor- $1.75 Signs ofBytheJosephTimesFielding Smith $1.25

Bailey Paul By Perfection $1.25 Way to D of share your have good andYou $2.50 This Glory Fielding My Smith Joseph By ill; D For

Paul Bailey By the Colonizer Brigham $3.00 Young fill. life to of have your $1.50 Q This cup and AlwaysYou Day Dr. Milton R. Hunter By L. Richard By Evans

$2.75 Thunderhead Hills $1.50 the Unto a free, saddled must not be be mustYou O'Hara By Mary L. Richard Evans By

Apostle $2.75 $3.00 Long, Long AgoWith my dreams—they're failureaddled. The By Sholem Asch Woollcott By Alexander

Abraham Lincoln $3.50

Be clean and true, son; these for me. By James Dougherty Name

Burma Surgeon $3.00

Be clean and true and I'll not care whatever GospelBy GordonStandardsS. Seagrave, M.D. $2.25 Address

else you choose to be.! By Heber J. Grant Your orders will receive prompt attention.

APRIL, 1944 255 Your Page and Ours wwwwwjpww>witii,it - *i "ifi &>wjpww3*wwj?jpjewjr"th'TnyhTSh,M.;ni*Mm "--.iMhm,IS

V for Victory!

of Blandfamily for the Veil Victory Washburn V stands IF in the patriotic is really besides having ing, two sons Utah, army.

WILLIAM

PERCY JOHNSON

The six girls are named Verde, Vela, Valgene, Velyn, Veloy, William Percy Johnson, Era director of the Phoenix Third

Virginia. The oldest girl, Verde, has a tiny new daughter and Ward, Phoenix Stake, is responsible for perhaps some of

you would hardly guess so but her name is Verlee. the most outstanding Era work ever accomplished within any

-$- wardDuringof thethechurchpast upyearto thethe presentPhoenixtime.Third Ward under his

Editors: In Australia able supervision subscribed to over 400% of its quota and aided

few days ago I wrote you stating that I hadn't received outstandingthe Phoenix achievement.Stake very materially in securing a citation for

that the the of time a thought Era. At number November A is children. of father the of eleven Three Brother Johnson it bit, flashed into the be a way. mind—"Wait on The may my

forces his in the are sonsin-law his and of armed sons and two I lately."I've reasoned, no, mail very has slow been But

field. is in with Johnson's mission the Brother another work son it, off. letter the sent get never changed and so APO's may

requires long of hours Department the Maricopa Highway clerk the large unit envelope mail handed our brown Today me to to this in time spite of has devote he found labor yet and it, issue. too. glad the to get I'm containing mighty November

of are him. Era, and proud Improvement we The I've the conference readpast or attending been day two by

ing the inspired reports given by our leaders....

Best wishes. $

Clarence G. Carlisle

Dear Editors: Camp Blanding, Florida

Complicated Age SINCERELY appreciate receiving The Improvement Era, which is inspiration of great and source really a joy to me -while Visitor: old are you, sonny?""How

.. assistant to the chaplain.. serving as

hard "That's School Lad: to say, sir. According to my here

latest school tests, I have a psychological age of 1 1 and a moral Have occasion to use a number of the hymns of our church age of 10. Anatomically, I'm 7; mentally, I'm 9. But I suppose during our services and evening vesper and songfest and the

forall director tremendously. choir enjoy them was My chronological you refer to my

at the School director Trade Club Ford's Glee age. That's 8—but nobody pays menmerly of Henry to that these days!"any attention

in Detroit, Michigan, and really enjoys making use of the

No Doubt the Right One Mormon services.

Was formerly organist at the North Idaho Falls Stake First "See here, young fellow,"growled the man at the office railWard before coming into the army. The experience I gained

ing. "I want to see somebody with a little authority."there has come in awfully handy down here....

sir,"replied you, I can help "Then maybe the affable clerk. Cpl. Joe L. Marker "I here."as little authority round have as anybody

Dear Brethren: Dear Editors: Amarillo, Texas

WEthiseldersrecord.of theEveryWesthomeSouthonCarolinathe CatawbaDistrictIndianfeel Reservaproud of FORsourcethe lastof fivereligiousmonthsteachings,the Era hasas Iservedam onalmostSundayalonedutyas andmy

tion is subscribing to the Era. There is an L.D.S. chapel on the haven't a chance to go to church. The wonderful articles on

reservation and nearly all of approximately two hundred church history have helped me in several instances in discustwenty-five people there are members of the church. This is sions with other fellows.

the first time that every family has had the Era. Sincerely yours,

Elder E. Cannon Winder Ervin L. Merrill

256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now is the time to make selling connections that will stand you in good stead not only today but also after it's over. And that is why we

want you to know about us and our policies

YEAR IN, YEAR

SAFEWAY BUYS REGULARLY FOR ITS

DAILY REQUIREMENTS. SAFEWAY NEVER

SPECULATES IN FARM PRODUCTS OR "STAYS OFF THE MARKET"IN AN mHE REASON we can pay

EFFORT TO GET BETTER PRICES. * the producer top prices

always is due to the Safeway method. For 27 years

we've been improving methods of distributing foods—cutting out needless steps and unnecessary expenses in getting foods from producer

to consumer. This greater efficiency has saved

money to benefit grower and consumer alike.

In war or peace everybody benefits by the straightest possible road to market. Today the

Safeway method of food distribution is a great national asset.

The Neighborhood

Grocery StoresNEW BUYING SETUP SAFEWAY

It is Safeway's policy to keep many cases our divisions op- 'on improving our ways of erate local receiving and packYou buy foods as well as working with farmers. We've ing sheds—so you can deliver SsssBhET > 9$C \bK/V produce them—so you'll

recently separated the job of in less than carlot quantities. Jr be interested to know that

buying from the job of distribAll these divisions buy ex- *$$"Mjwaycloseretailto a thirdstoreofcustomersall Safeutingby setting up specialized folks. farm

regional clusively for Safeway retail arebuying divisions.The

invite you to shop We offices of these new Safeway stores. All follow our buying at your Safeway for one

fPH?s* full month... and combuying divisions are being policies. They do not collect

spread out over the country. pare what you savel

or accept commissions, allowThis will give farmers closer contact with our buyers. In ances, or brokerage. * Plant your extra dollars into War Bonds! is

..T.\.

S.'.... i

hk

ABOVE ALL ELSE

Beyond wealth, power, position, and the daily wants of life... there are many

things of priceless value.

>, The security and welfare of one's own family, for ex-:"C ample.

Those who appreciate fully the importance of this mat- M ter own life insurance.

;$pyjiP%

'*k

-iL-'i 1 *

,.....; iS:;i;;

.- "': "v '-I'....';:.:.

Heber X Grant, Presv Salt Lake City. Utah

THERETlfBNIMPROVEMENTPOSTAGE GUARANTEEDERA!T*J LAKE CirV 1. UTAH