.

Vol, VI. The Glory of God is Intelligence. No. 3.

IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Organ of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

PUBLISHED BYTBE GENERAL BOARD.

Joseph F. Smith, ) TMitnra Hbbkr J. Grant, ) Business Edw. H. Anderson, | a"rs. Thos. Holl, J Managers.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as Second Class Matter.

JANUARY, 1903.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

The "Mormon"Doctrine of Deity.—A Rejoinder

to Reverend C. Van der Donckt's "Reply"to

Elder B. H. Roberts'Discourse on the above

subject B. H. Roberts 161

Hail to the Prince and the Princess, a Poem Prof. Geo. H. Brimhall 186

Plet: A Christmas Tale of the Wasatch—III Alfred Lambourne 187

Talks to Young Men—III—Books—Their Choice,

Use and Value 198 Appendix to the History of the Prophet Joseph (Concluded) Lucy Smith 202 Two Governing Forces George A. Langston 210

Peace Fetters, a Poem Bertha E. Anderson 216

Tea, Coffee, Cocoa, and Chocolate—The Evil

Effects of their Poisons upon the Human

System Br. U. L. Gardner 217

Some Leading Events in the Current Story of the

World—Progress of the "Mormon"Colonies

in Canada—The World's New Girdle—Cuban

Prosperity—The Daukhobors Dr. J. M. Tanner 221

g SD"-rt ifg:::::::::::: \,voS.Edi,XNeTrwL"'l E"yZ

Questions and Answers—A Member's First Duty

to Decide—Calling in the Priesthood—How

Doctrinal Questions 232 Our Work—Conjoint Meeting of General Boards—

M. I. A. in Chicago—The General Missionaries 234

Events of the Month Thomas Hull 237

SALT LAKE CITY:

214 215 TEMPLETON BUiLDING.

Published Monthly. $2.00 Per Annum

JOHI C NcCLIII, Preil. IHtO I. BURTON. Sec. N. J. BUITOI, Inti

A THiHG OF BEAUTY BURTON COALi and a Joy Foe Even is the M * LUlWBEf* CO.

HENRY F. MILLER

ALL KINDS PIANO. OF It is today without doubt the GOAL

Best Piano in the world. ALL KINDS OF LUMBER

Wholesale and Retail.

NEEDHAM PIANOS AND ORGANS LUMBER IN CAR LOTS A SPECIALTY.

are still holding the reputation that has been theirs for the past Office, 60 W. Second South Street.

Yards, Cor. Fifth South and Third West Sts. 56 years.

Telephone 808. Sold by

G. SB. THATCHER, THE.

MUSIC DEALERS, SOLE -PLGEnSTTS. STATE BAM UTAH

13 S. Main Street, Logan, Utah Recounts Solicited.

CATALOGUES FREE. Covfespondenee invited.

Write us, we can save you money OFFICERS AND DIRECTOR8.

Joseph F. Smith, President.

Wm. B. Preston, VicePresident.

Charles S. Burton, Cashier.

Henry T. McEwan, Asst. Cashier.

Heber J. Grant Jos. D. Murdock

MISSIONARIES A. W. Carlson Heber M. Wells Byron Groo Isaac Barton

should write to or call on the Keep Money at HomeSALT LAKE KNITTING WORKS for their HOSIERY, UNDERWEAR AND "GARMENTS"By Insuring before leaving for in the their fields of labor. Don't

We have a full line of Carry WHITE SHIRTS, HOSIERY, NECKWEAR.

Your Our Specialty is KNITTED "GARMENTS."

Own We have them in Cotton from $1.00 up HOME

and in Wool from $1.75 up.

ORDBR BY 39IRIL PR0M US. Risk.

When ordering "Garments"send yourheight, weight, chest measure and length of FIREsleeve to

Salt take Knitting Works, OF Salt Iiake City, Utah C. E. THOHSTEfiSH, JWgp. UTAH

directors: Heber J. Grant. & 60.,

J. A. Hendrickson, President

Joseph F. Smith, VicePresident GENERAL AGENTS.

Thomas Hull Rudger Clawson 2026 South Mam St., Salt Lake City, Utah. M. Christopherson

(WHBM WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTIOlS THE ERA,)

THE flIO GRANDE WESTERN... AND...

THE DENVER AJlD RIO GRAflDE

Best Local Train Service in Utah.

From ten to forty minutes the fastest line between Ogfden, Salt Lake City, Lehi, American Fork, Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with through sleeping and dining cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St. Louis and Chicago.

MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE. J* & j*

Forwrite—Rates, etc., enquire of Local Agent or———n

I. A. BENTON,

General Agent, Salt Lake City.

I Perhaps you have tried OTHER BREAKFAST FOODS.... and found

them "mushy."Just try Peery

Bros. "WHEAT FLAKES."See

how nice and delicate—how

delicious. You will use it regularly after a trial.

Cooked ready for the table BlCYCLtES.

in a few minutes. No trouble

at all. Everything in Sporting Goods.

TRY THEM.

BASE BALLS, CAMERAS, TRY THEM NOW.

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES, Etc Peery Bros. Hilling Co.

(Makers of High Grade Flour and Cereal Foods.)

WESTERN ARMS & SP0RTIN6 GOODS CO., OCiDEN, UTAH

Z&= 115 South Main Street (WHKW WHTTTNO TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE WFITON TRB FBA.)

k * ** *

"The Castle Builder.

This interesting story by the popular author Ncphi Anderson Is now published In book form and on sale at the ERA. OFFICE

Send orders at once.

Paper Covers, - - - Fifty Cents.

i I

SAVE YODR MONEY, AND WHEN YOD GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZIONS SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COHPANY.

4 Per Cent Interest Paid on $i. to $5,000.

officers.

Joseph F. Smith,

President Anthon H. Lund

VicePresident.

George M. Cannon

Cashier.

Lewis M. Cannon,

Asst. Cashier,

DIRECTORS.

Joseph F. Smith

Anthon H. Lund

John R. Winder,

T. G. Webber

James Jack John T. Caine

Angus M. Cannon

Francis M. Lyman

George Reynold* L. John Nuttall

Angus J. Cannon

A. O. Woodruff

Hyrum M. Smith

(WHHN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE ERA.)

Vol. VI. JANUARY, 1903. No. 3

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY.

A REJOINDER TO REV. C. VAN DER DONCKT'S "REPLY"

TO ELDER ROBERTS'DISCUSSION ON THE

ABOVE SUBJECT.

BY B. H. ROBERTS.

DONCKT'S "PHILOSOPHICAL PROOFS"OF THEII.—MR. VAN DER

FORM AND NATURE OF GOD.

Mr, Van Der Donckt, at the beginning of his argument under his "philosophical proofs of God's simplicity or spirituality,"again exhibits the fact that he misapprehends the doctrines of the Latter-day Saints. He says: "The Latterday Saints believe that God

created the souls of men long before their conception."That is

not the belief of the Latterday Saints; and his misapprehension

of what their doctrine is relative to man and God leads the gentleman to make statements, and indulge in lines of argumentation, he would not have followed had he apprehended aright the teachings of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Since

his philosophical argument has proceeded from a wrong basis, it becomes necessary to state what the "Mormon "doctrine is relative to the subject in hand, and then consider so much of his argument as may apply to the facts.

1 62 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

Latterday Saints believe that the "soul of man"consists of both his spirit and his body united. "The spirit and the body is

the soul of man; and the resurrection from the dead is the

redemption of the soul."(Doc. & Cov. sec. lxxxviii: 15, 16).

This, I am aware, is not the usually accepted sense of the word "soul;"for it generally stands for what is regarded as the incorporeal nature of man, or the principle of mental and spiritual life

of him. It is used variously in the scriptures. In one place,

the Savior uses it in contrast with the body: "Fear not them

which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul: but rather

fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell."

(Matt, x: 28). But the word as used in the passage above quoted

from the Doctrine and Covenants also has warrant of scriptural authority: "And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the

ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man

became a living soul."Here body and "breath of life,"the

spirit, constitute the soul of man.

Of course, Mr. Van Der Donckt uses the phrase "souls of

men"as we perhaps would use the phrase "spirits of men,"and evidently makes reference to our doctrine of the preexistence of spirits, that is, the doctrine of the actual existence of the spirits of men long ages before they tabernacled in the flesh, when he says: "The Latterday Saints believe that God creates the souls of

men long before their conception."But again explanation is

necessary, as that statement does not quite meet our belief.

Our doctrine is that "Intelligences are begotten spirits;"which

spirits are in form like men, and are really substance, that is, matter, but of a more subtle and finer nature than the matter composing man's tabernacle of flesh and bone. Christians believe that "the Word,"that is, Jesus Christ, was in the

beginning with God; and not only that "the Word"was with God,

but also that "the Word was God."(John i: 1, 2.) Latterday

Saints not only believe Jesus was in the beginning with God, but it is their doctrine that man was "also in the beginning with the

Father, that which is spirit."(Doc. & Cov. sec. xciii: 23). And

again: "Man was also in the beginning with God. Intelligence, or

the******light of truth, wasEverynot mancreatedwhoseor made,spirit neitherreceivethindeednot thecanlightbe.

TEE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 163

is under condemnation, for man is spirit. The elements are

eternal, and spirit and element, inseparably connected, receive a fullness of joy; and when separated, man cannot receive a. fullness

of joy. The elements are the tabernacle of God; yea, man is the

tabernacle of God, even temples."(Doc. & Cov. sec. xciii: 29, 3235). The point to be observed is that intelligences—whence the

spirits of men—are not created or made, nor indeed can they be,

for they are eternal—eternal as God the Father, and God the

did itSon are. "The mind of man—the immortal spirit—where

come from?"asks the Prophet Joseph Smith, in a discourse delivered at Nauvoo;* and then answers:

All learned men, and doctors of divinity, say that God created it in the beginning; but it is not so; the very idea lessens man in my estimation. I do not believe the doctrine. I know better. Hear it, all ye

ends of the world, for God has told me so. If you don't believe me, it

will not make the truth without effect. ***** yje sav that

God himself is a selfexistent being. Who told you so? It is correct

enough, but who told you that man did not exist in like manner upon the same principles? God made a tabernacle and put his [man's]

spirit into it, and it bec&ne a living soul. How does it read in Hebrew? It does not say in Hebrew that God created the spirit [of

man. It says, "God made man out* of earth and put in him Adam's

spirit, and so became a living body. The mind or the intelligence which

man possesses is coeternal with God himself. * * * * * *

I am dwelling on the immortality of the spirit of man. Is it logical to

say that the intelligence of spirits is immortal, and yet that it had a beginning? The intelligence of spirits had no beginning, neither will it

have an end. That is good logic. That which has a beginning may

have an end. There never was a time when there were not spirits, for

they are coeternal with our Father in heaven. I want to reason more

on the spirit of man; for I am dwelling on the body and spirit of man

on the subject of the dead. I take my ring from my finger and liken it

it has no beginning.unto the mind of man—the immortal part, because

Suppose you cut it in two; then it has a beginning and an end; but join

it again, and it continues one eternal round. So with the spirit of man.

As the Lord liveth, if it has a beginning it will have an end. All the

fools and learned and wise men from the beginning of creation, who say

April 7th, 1844, Mitt. Star, vol. xxiii: p. 245, etseq.

164 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

that the spirit of man had a beginning, prove that it must have an end;

and if that doctrine is true, then the doctrine of annihilation would be true. But if I am right, I might with boldness proclaim from the house

tops that God never had the power to create the spirit of man at all.

God himself could not create himself. Intelligence is eternal, and exists

upon a selfexistent principle. It is a spirit from age to age, and there

is no creation about it. * * * * The spirit of man is not

a created being; it existed from eternity, and will exist to eternity.

Anything created cannot be eternal; and earth, water, etc., had their

existence in an elementary state, from eternity.

Mr. Van Der Donckt will recognize quite a difference between

the doctrine here stated as to the spirits of men, and the one he states for us when he says, "Latterday Saints believe that God creates the souls of men long before their conception."There is

that in man, according to our doctrine, which is not created at all;

"spirit"uncreated, never made, athere is in him an "ego"—a

selfexistent entity, eternal as God himself; and of the same substance or essence with him, and, indeed, part of him, when God isconceived of in the generic sense.

With the doctrine of "Mormonism"'relative to man and God thus stated, the question is, what part of Mr. Van Der Donckt's

philosophical argument touches it.

Mr. Van Der Donckt, it must be remembered, bases his philosophical argument upon the absolute "simplicity or spirituality"

of God. "I Am Who Am,"is the definition of God about which

centers all his arguments. God is "the Necessary Being,"is his

contention; infinite, illimitable; not limited by his own essence, by

another, or by himself. From which I understand him to mean,

after the philosophers of his school, that God, the very essence of Him, is pure being—"Actual being or existence"are his own

words. (Era Vol. V, p. 766).

This his premise; and the part of his argument which affects

our doctrine is the following:

If God were an aggregation of parts, these parts would be either necessary beings or contingent (that do not necessarily exist), or some would be necessary and some contingent. None of these suppositions

are tenable, therefore God is not an aggregate of parts. * * * *=

If the parts of God were necessary beings, there would be several indeTHE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 165

pendent beings, which the infinity of God precludes. God would not be

infinite, if there were even one other being independent of him, as his power, etc., would not reach that being.

The infinite being is most simple, or not compound. Were he compound, his parts would be either all finite, or all infinite, or one infinite

and the others finite. None of these suppositions are possible, therefore

he is not compound.

Several finite things cannot produce an infinite or an illimitable, as there would always be a first and last.

Many infinite beings are inconceivable; for, if there were several,

they would have to differ from each other by some perfection. Now,

from the moment one would have a perfection the other one lacks, the latter would not be infinite. Therefore, God cannot be a compound of

infinite parts.

If one is infinite, nothing can be added to it. Finite parts could

not belong to the infinite essence, else they would communicate their limitations to God.

Therefore, the infinite Being is not composite, but simple or spiritual.

Therefore He is not, nor ever was, a man, who is a composite being.

Cf Mr. Van Der Donckt's Premise.

I have to do first of all with Mr. Van Der Donckt's premise

"the simplicity or spirituality"of God.

So far as it is possible to make language do it, the gentleman's philosophy teaches that God is "pure being.""most [thereis not only infinitefore absolutely] simple—not compound."He

then, but infinity. It follows that he is without quality, other

than being—mere existence—"I Am Who Am;"without attributes;

not susceptible of division or of relation; for if he possessed

qualit/ or attribute, or was susceptible of division, or of relation, his absolute simplicity—that tremulously precarious thing on

which, according to Mr. V.'s philosophy, his very existence and all

his excellence destroyed. It was doubtless these depends—would be

consi lerations that led the Church of England—which, by the way,

is at one with the Roman Catholic Church in the doctrine of God to say of the "one true and living God,"that he is without body, parts or passions* With which also the Westminister Confession of Faith agrees, by saying: "There is but one only living and true

* Bk. Com. Prayer, Articles of Religion, Art. I.

166 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

God, who is infinite in being and perfection, a most pure spirit, invisible, without body, parts or passions, immutable, immense, eternal, incomprehensible,"etc.*

The German school of philopsophy of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, which ends in inevitable agnosticism, went but one step further than these creeds; a step made inevitable by the creeds

themselves. The creeds postulate God as "pure being"—'existence,"

the one who "could not not exist,"Mr. V.'s interpretation of "I

Am Who Am."But "existence,"says Fichte, "implies origin,"and

"God is beyond origin"—i. e. beyond "being,""existence."Schelling

reached substantially the same conclusion when, by a pathway but little divergent from that followed by Fichte, he was led to regard

God as neither "real or ideal;""neither thought nor being."

While Hegel, by similar subtleties, established the identity of "Being and NonBeing."This German philosophy, which but extends that of the orthodox creeds to its legitimate conclusion,

leaves us with the paradox on our hands of regarding God at once as the most real existence and as the most absolute nonexistence.

The conclusions from the premise are just; and Mr. V.'s "most

simple,""infinite being,"He who is "pure existence itself,"evanishes amid the metaphysical subtleties of the learned Germans.

Let us examine the effect of this Deitydestroying postulate in England. Mr. Van Der Donckt's "Infinite Being,""most simple

or not compound,"is identical with the "absolute,"the "unconditioned,"the "first cause,"hence the "uncaused."These terms, it

is well known, Mr. Herbert Spencer seized upon, in his volume on

"First Principles,"and ran them down to logical absurdity, showing them to be "unthinkable,"and that ultimate religious ideas (arising from the postulates of orthodox creeds) lead to the "Unknown!"In reaching this conclusion, he was wonderfully

helped by Henry L. Mansel, some time Dean of St. Paul's, who in

his celebrated Bampton Lectures arrives at substantially the same conclusion—with an exception to bs noted later,f Indeed, so nearly

at one are the churchman and the philosopher, in their methods of thought, in their deductions, that the latter reaches his conclusions

* Westminister Confession, Art. II. Sec. I.

t Page 170, first paragraph.

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 167

from the data and reasoning of the former, whom he quotes with approval and at great length. I select from these writers a few

typical passages tending to show the absurdity of God's "simplicity,"or "spirituality,"as held by Mr. Van Der Donckt, reminding the reader that Mr. V.'s "Infinite Being,""most simple, or not

compound,"is identical with the "absolute,""unconditioned,"the "first cause,"the "uncaused"of both Mr. Mansel and Mr. Spencer.

Mr. Spencer, after showing that the First Cause cannot be

finite, nor dependent, reaches the conclusion that it must be infinite and independent; and then proceeds:

But to think of the First Cause as totally independent is to think of it as that which existed in the absence of all other existence; seeing

that if the presence of any other existence is necessary, it must be partially dependent on that other existence, and so cannot be the First

Cause. Not only, however, must the First Cause be a form of being

which has no necessary relation to any other form of being, but it can have no necessary relation within itself. There can be nothing in it

which determines change, and yet nothing which prevents change. For

if it contains something which imposes such necessities or restraints, this something must be a cause higher than the First Cause, which is absurd. Thus the First Cause must be in every sense perfect, complete,

total; including within itself all power, and transcending all law. Or to

use the established word, it must be absolute.

Thus far the philosopher; and even Mr. Van Der Donckt, I

think, could not complain that he has not stated the "simplicity"of the First Cause most clearly. But at this point, the philosopher, Mr. Spencer, introduces the churchman, Dean Mansel, to

abolish the structure of the "First Cause, the "simple"or "spiritual being,"or "God,"as held by Mr. V. and all orthodox Christians. I

quote Mr. Mansel:

But these three conceptions—the Cause, the Absolute, the Infinite,

—all equally indispensable, do they not imply contradiction to each

other, when viewed in conjunction, as attributes of one and the same

Being? A Cause cannot, as such, be absolute: the Absolute cannot, as such,

be a cause. The cause, as such, exists only in relation to its effect;

the effect is an effect of the cause. On the other hand, the conception

of the Absolute implies a possible existence out of all relation. We

attempt to escape from this apparent contradiction by introducing the 168 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

idea of succession in time. The Absolute exists first by itself, and

afterwards becomes a cause. But here we are checked by the third

conception, that of the infinite. How can the infinite become that

which it was not from the first? If Causation is a possible mode of

existence, that which exists without causing is not infinite; that which

becomes a cause has passed beyond its former limits. * * *

Supposing the Absolute to be a cause, it will follow that it operates by means of free will and consciousness. For a necessary cause

cannot be conceived as absolute and infinite. If necessitated by something beyond itself, it is thereby limited by a superior power; and if

necessitated by itself, it has in its own nature a necessary relation to its effect. The act of causation must therefore be voluntary, and

volition is only possible in a conscious being. But consciousness again

is only conceivable as a relation. There must be a conscious subject

and an object of which he is conscious. The subject is a subject to the

object; the object is an object to the subject; and neither can exist by

itself as the absolute. This difficulty, again, may be for the moment

evaded, by distinguishing between the absolute as related to another and the absolute as related to itself. The absolute, it may be said, may

possibly be conscious, provided it is only conscious of itself. But this

alternative is, in ultimate analysis, no less selfdestructive than the other. For the object of consciousness, whether a mode of the subject's existence or not, is either created in and by the act of consciousness, or has an existence independent of it. In the former case,

the object depends upon the subject, and the subject alone is the true absolute. In the latter case, the subject depends upon the object, and

the object alone is the true absolute. Or, if we attempt a third hypothesis, and maintain that each exists independently of the other, we have

no absolute at all, but only a pair of relatives; for coexistence,whether

in consciousness or not, is itself a relation.

The corollary from this reasoning is obvious. Not only is the absolute, as conceived, incapable of a necessary relation to anything else;

but it is also incapable of containing, by the constitution of its own nature, an essential relation within itself; as a whole, for instance, composed of parts, or as a substance consisting of attributes, or as a conscious subject in antithesis to an object. For if there is in the absolute

any principle of unity, distinct from the mere accumulation of parts or attributes, this principle alone is the true absoluteIf, on the other hand, there is no such principle, then there is no absolute at all,but only a plurality of relatives. The almost unanimous voice of philosophy,in pronouncing

that the absolute is both one and simple, must be accepted as the voice

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 169

of reason also, as far as reason has any voice in the matter. But this

absolute unity, as indifferent and containing no attributes, can neither be distinguished from the multiplicity of finite beings by any characteristic feature, nor be identified with them in their multiplicity. Thus we

are landed in an inextricable dilemma. The absolute cannot be conceived as conscious, neither can it be conceived as unconscious: it

cannot be conceived as complex, neither can it be conceived as simple;

it cannot be conceived by difference, neither can it be conceived by the absence of difference: it cannot be identified with the universe, neither

can it be distinguished from it. The One and the Many, regarded as the

beginning of existence, are thus alike incomprehensible. * * *

Let us, however, suppose for an instance that these difficulties are surmounted, and the existence of the Absolute securely established on the testimony of reason. Still we have not succeeded in reconciling

this idea with that of a Cause: we have done nothing towards explaininfinite to the ing how the absolute can give rise to the relative,—the

finite. If the condition of causal activity is a higher state than that of

quiescence, the Absolute, whether acting voluntarily or involuntarily, has passed from a condition of comparative imperfection to one of comparative perfection; and, therefore, was not originally perfect. If the

state of activity is an inferior state to that of quiescence, the Absolute, in becoming a cause, has lost its original perfection. There remains

only the supposition that the two states are equal,and the act of creation one of complete indifference. But this supposition annihilates the unity

of the absolute, or it annihilates itself. If the act of creation is real;

and yet indifferent, we must admit the possibility of two conceptions of the absolute, the one as productive, the other as nonproductive. If the

act is not real, the supposition itself vanishes. * * *

Again, how can the relative be conceived as coming into being?

If it is a distinct reality from the absolute, it must be conceived as passing from nonexistence into existence. But to conceive an object

as nonexistent is again a selfcontradiction; for that which is conceived exists, as an object of thought, in and by that conception. We

may abstain from thinking of an object at all; but, if we think of it, we

cannot but think of it as existing. It is possible at one time not to think

of an object at all, and at another to think of it as already in being;

but to think of it in the act of becoming, in the progress from not being into being, is to think that which, in the very thought, annihilates itself. * * *

To sum up briefly this portion of my argument. The conception of

the absolute and the infinite, from whatever side we view it, ap170 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

pt';irs encompassed with contradictions. There is a contradiction in

supposing such an object to exist, whether alone or in conjunction with others; and there is a contradiction in supposing it not to exist. There

is a contradiction in conceiving it as one; and there is a contradiction

in conceiving it as many. There is a contradiction in conceiving it as

personal; and there is a contradiction in conceiving it as impersonal. It

cannot, without contradiction, be represented as active; nor, without

equal contradiction, be represented as inactive. It cannot be conceived

as the sum of all existence; nor yet can it be conceived as a part only

of that sum.

After thus running to absurdity the prevalent conceptions of the "Infinite,"the "Absolute,"the "Uncaused,"Mr. V.'s "Most

simple or not compound""Being,"the churchman does what all orthodox Christians do, he commits a violence against all human understanding and good sense—he arbitrarily declares, in the

face of his own inexorable logic and its inevitable deductions, that "It is our duty to think of God as personal; and it is our

duty to believe that he is infinite;"that is, it is our duty to

think of the infinite as at once limited and unlimited; as finite

and infinite—"which,"to use a phrase dear to Mr.Van Der Donckt,

"is absurd,"and, therefore, not to be entertained. At this point,

the philosopher and the churchman reach the parting of the ways, and this is the exception, in the conclusion of the two, noted a few pages back.*

Some do indeed allege [says Mr. Spencer] that though the

Ultimate Cause of things cannot really be thought of by us as having specified attributes, it is yet incumbent upon us to assert these attributes. Though the forms of our consciousness are such

that the Absolute cannot, in any manner or degree, be brought within them, we are nevertheless told that we must represent the Absolute to ourselves under these forms! * * * That this is not the conclusion

here adopted, needs hardly be said. If there be any meaning in the

foregoing arguments, duty requires us neither to affirm nor deny personality. Our duty is to submit ourselves with all humility to the

established limits of our intelligence, and not perversely to rebel against them. Let those who can, believe there is eternal war between our inPage 166, last paragraph.

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 171

tellectual faculties and our moral obligations. I, for one, admit no such

radical vice in the constitution of things*.

Yet Mr Mansel, in the inconsistent and illogical course he pursues, is not more inconsistent, illogical, and unphilosophical than all orthodox Christians. The postulates of their creeds concerning the nature of God leads them to affirm what they call his

"Spirituality,""Infinite Being,""Simplicity,"etc; and yet, the

necessities of their faith in revelation make it imperative that they regard him as existing in some relation to the universe and to man, which destroys his alleged "simplicity."To ascribe to

him attributes, is to destroy that simplicityf which orthodox creeds affirm and for which Mr. Van Der Donckt argues. Nor does it

help matters when it is said that these attributes are existences the attitude of Mr. V., for he says: "Every perfection [goodness,

is some existence, somemercy, justice, etc.—attributes of God]

thing that is."If this be granted, than it follows that God must

be the sum of all these existences, therefore a compound, not "Simple."And not only does orthodox belief in revelation compel those who follow it to concede the existence of attributes in

God, but personality also. But if God be conceived as personality,

his "simplicity"or "spirituality,"as held by Mr. V., vanishes, because, when recognized as personality, God is no longer "being"

but a being.

Mr. Van Der Donckt himself says: "Something is limited,

not because it is [i. e. exists]; but because it is this or that; for

instance, a stone, a plant, a person, I suggest. For if man"—or a

God has personality, he is a person, a something, and hence limited, according to Mr. V.'s philosophy; if limited, as he must be when

* First Principles, p. 110.

t"The rational conception of God is that he is, nothing more. Togive him an attribute is to make him a relative God. *****

We cannot attribute to him any quality, for qualities are inconceiveable apart from matter.""Origin and Development of Religious Beliefs—

Christianity,"(S. Baring Gould) p. 112. It was held by wellnigh the

whole mediaeval school of theologians that God was unknowable because "the absolute simplicity of the divine essence was incompatible with the existence of distinctions therein"(see Art. "Theism,'Ency.Brit., and the

references there given).

172 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

conceived of as this or that, as a person, for instance, then of course not infinite being; and thus my friend's doctrine of God's

"simplicity"is destroyed the moment he ascribes personality to

Deity. Nor does the difficulties of Mr. Van Der Donckt and all

orthodox Christians end here. Not only does revelation demand

belief in the personality of God, but it demands the belief that in

God are three persons—the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost.

This further complicates the matter, and removes orthodox Christians still further from the postulate of "simplicity"they affirm of

God; for if there are three persons in God, by no intellectual contortions whatsoever can this conception of "three"be harmonized with the orthodox Christian postulate of God's "simplicity."

For the Son, if he exists at all, must exist in virtue of some distinction from the Father; so also the Holy Ghost must exist in

virtue of some distinction from both the Father and the Son.

Each must have something distinct from the other; must be what

the other is not,in some particular;* and if each one has something

the other has not, and each lacks something which the other has, how can it be said that each of these persons is God, and each infinite, as he must be in order to be God, under Mr. V.'s doctrine?

If the three be conceived as one each with that about God—yet

rehim which distinguishes him from the other—how can God be

garded as "simple,""not compound?"The orthodox creeds of

Christendom, moreover, require us to believe that while the Father is a person, the Son a person, and the Holy Ghost a person, yet there are not three persons, but one person. So with each being

eternal, and almighty. So with each being God: "The father is

God, the Son is God, and the Holy Ghost is God; and yet there

are not three Gods, but one God!"f No wonder the whole conception is given up as "incomprehensible.""Their mode of subsistence [i. e. of the three persons] in the one substance,"says the

* "Distinction is necessarily limitation, for, if one object is to be distinguished from another, it must possess some form of existence which the other has not,or it must not possess some form which the other has."

Dean Mansel, "Limits of Religious Thoughts."

t See the creed of St. Athanasius, a copy is published in the History

of the Church, Vol. I., Introduction, p. 87.*

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 173

Commentary on the Confession of Faith, "must ever continue to us a profound mystery, as it transcends all analogy."* So the Donay

Catechism (Catholic) ch. i:

Q. In what do faith and law of Christ consist.

A. In two principal mysteries,n&me\y,the Unity and Trinity of God,

and the incarnation and death of our Savior.

"To think that God is, as we think him to be, is blasphemy,"is the lofty assertion behind which some of the orthodox hide when hard pressed with the inconsistency of their creed; and if I mistake not, "A God understood is a God dethroned."has long been an

aphorism of the Church in which Mr. Van Der Donckt is a priest.

But what is the sum of my argument thus far on Mr. Van Der

Donckt's premise of God's absolute "simplicity"or "spirituality?"

Only this: First, his premise is proven to be unphilosophical and

untenable, when coupled with his creed, which ascribes qualities, attributes and personality to God. Either the gentleman must

cease to think of God as "infinite being,""most simple,""not compound,"or he must surrender the God of his creed, who is represented by it to be three persons in one substance; and,moreover,

persons possessed of attributes and qualities which bring God into relations with men and the universe, a mode of being which destroys "simplicity."Either one or the other of these beliefs

must be given up; they cannot consistently be held simultaneously, as they destroy each other. If Mr. V. holds to

the God of his creed, what becomes of all his "philosophy?''

If he holds to his "philosophy,"what becomes of the God of his creed? Second, as affecting this discussion, the matter at this

point stands thus: Since the gentleman's premise of God's absolute

simplicity is proven to be illogical and unphilosophical, it affords no sound basis of argument against the Latterday Saints'views of

Deity, wherein they hold him to be something different from absolute "being,"more than a mere, and, I may say, bare and barren "existence,"a metaphysical abstraction. Mr. V.'s premise of absolute simplicity affords no consistent basis of argument against

our view that God is a person in the sense of being an individual,

* This Commentary is by Rev. A. A. Hodges, D. D., LL. D. p. 58.

174 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

in form like man, and possessed of attributes which bring him within the nearest and dearest relation to men that it is possible to conceive.

Of the Doctrine of God's "Simplicity,"Being of Pagan Bather than of Christian Origin.

The next step in my argument is to prove that this doctrine of God being "most simple,""not compound,""pure being"—withmaterial] parts or passions—hence, withoutout body, [i. e.—not

attributes, is not a doctrine of the Christian scriptures, but comes from the old Pagan philosophies.

Clearly the data for this doctrine of God's absolute"simplicity"did not come from the Old Testament,for that teaches the plainest anthropomorphic ideas respecting God. It ascribes to him a human

form, and many qualities and attributes possessed by man,which, in the minds of philosophers of Mr. V.'s school, limit him who must be,

to their thinking, without any limit whatsoever; and ascribes relations to him who must not be relative but absolute. The data for the

doctrine of God's absolute "simplicity"does not come from the New

Testament, for the writers of that volume of scriptures accept the doctrine of the Old Testament respecting God, and even emphasize its anthropomorphic ideas, by representing that the man Christ

Jesus was in the "express image"of God, the Father's, person.

Hence Mr, Van Der Donckt's doctrine of God's "simplicity"cannot claim the warrant of New Testament authority.

Plato,in his Timaeus,(Jo'wett,s translation, p. 530,) incidentally

referring to God, in connection with the creation of the universe, says: We say indeed that "he was,""he is,""he will be;"but the truth is

that "he is"alone truly expresses him, and that "was"and "will be"are only to be spoken of generation in time.

Here, then, is Mr. V.'s "pure being,""most simple,""not compound."Again:

We must acknowledge that there is one kind of being which is always the same, uncreated and indestructible, never receiving anything into itself from without, nor itself giving out to any other, but invisible and imperceptible by any sense, and of which the sight is granted to intelligence only. (Ibid. p. 454.) <

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 175

Here Mr. V. may find his God, "who cannot change with regard to his existence, nor with regard to his mode of existence."Also

his God who can only be seen with the "soul's intellectual perception, elevated by a supernatural influx from God."To the same effect,

also, Justin Martyr (second Christian century) generalizes and accepts as doctrine what may be gathered from the sixth book of

Plato's "Republic,"with reference to God. To the Jew, Trypho,

Justin remarks:

The Deity, father, is not to be viewed by the organs of sight, like other creatures, but he is to be comprehended by the mind alone, as Plato declares, and I believe him. * * * * Plato tells us that the eye of

the mind is of such a nature, and was given us to such an end, as to enable us to see with it by itself, when pure, that Being who is the source of whatever is an object of the mind itself, who has neither color, nor shape, nor size, nor anything which the eye can see, but who is above all essence, who is ineffable, and undefinable, who is alone beautiful and good, and who is at once implanted into those souls who are naturally well born, through their relationship to and desire of seeing him.

Athanasius (third Christian century) quotes the same definition (Contra Gentes, ch. ii), almost verbatim. Turning again to the

Timaeus of Plato, this question is asked:

What is that which always is and has no becoming; and what is

that which is always becoming and has never any being? That which

is apprehended by reflection and reason [God] always is; and is the same;

that on the other hand which is conceived by opinion, with the help of sensation without reason [the material universe], is in a process of becoming and perishing but never really is. * * * Was the world

[universe] always in existence and without beginning? or created and

having a beginning? Created, I reply.

In this, the orthodox Christians and Mr.V. may find their God

of pure "being,"that never is "becoming,"but always is; also the

creation of the universe out of nothing. The space allowed this

paper, in the ERA,does not permit a full exposition of the fact that orthodox Christian views of God are Pagan rather than Christian.

Did space permit, it would not be difficult to prove that, in method of thought no less than in conclusions, the most influential of the

Christian fathers on these subjects followed the Greek philosophers

1 j IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

rather than the writers of the New Testament.* But it is hoped

that enough is said here to establish the fact that the conception of God as "pure being,""immaterial,""without form,""or parts or passions,"as held by orthodox Christianity, has its origin in Pagan philosophy, not in Jewish nor Christian revelation.

C) Jesus Christ Being Both Premise and Argument Against Mr.

Van Der DonckVs "Philosophical Argument."

And now as to the whole question of God being "existence,""pure being,""most simple,""not compound;"also his "immutabil-

"ity,"as set forth in Mr.Van Der Donckt's "philosophical argument

What of it? This of it: Whatever "simplicity,""immutability,"

or other quality that is ascribed to God, must be in harmony with what Jesus Christ is. I meet Mr. V.'s "philosophical argument"as

I met his scriptural argument. I appeal to the being and nature

*Especially compare Plato's methods of arising from the conception of the finite and variable, to the infinite and unchangeable; from the

relatively beautiful and good, to the absolutely beautiful and good, in the sixth and seventh books of the "Republic,"with St. Augustine's manner

St. of arriving at the conception of "That which is"—God. Confessions

Augustine, book seven.

It is conceded by Christian writers that the Christian doctrine of God is not expressed in New Testament terms, but in the terms of Greek and Roman metaphysics, as witness the following from the very able article in the Encyclopedia Britannica on

Theism, by the Rev. Dr. Flint, Professor of Divinity, University

of Edinburgh: "The proposition constitutive of the dogma of the

in the symbols of Nice, Constantinople andTrinity—the propositions

Toledo, relative to the immanent distinctions and relations in the Godhead—were not drawn directly from the New Testament, and could not

be expressed in New Testament terms They were the product of reason ofspeculating on a revelation to faith—the New Testament representation

God as a Father, a Redeemer and a Sanctifier—with a view to conserve

and vindicate, explain and comprehend it. They were only formed

through centuries of effort, only elaborated by the aid of the conceptions, and Jormulated in the terms of Greek and Roman metaphysics."Th same

authority says: "The massive defense of theism, erected by theCambridge

school of philosophy, against atheism, fatalism, and the denial of moral distinctions, was avowedly built on a Platonic foundation.

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. Ill

of Jesus Christ, as a refutation of his philosophical conclusions. Is

Jesus Christ God? "Yes,"must be my friend's answer. Very well,

this is my premise. Jesus is God in his own right and person, and

he is a revelation of what God the Father is. 'He is not only a

revelation of the being of God, but of the kind of being God is.

is,And now I test Mr.V.'s argument by the revelation of what God

as revealed in the person and nature of the Son of God. While I

am doing so, let it be remembered that Jesus is now and will ever be what he was at the time of his glorious ascension from the midst of his disciples on Mount Olivet—God, possessed of all power

in heaven and in earth, a glorious personage of flesh and bone and spirit. And now, is Jesus Christ without form? No; he is in

form like man. Is Jesus Christ illimitable? Not as to his glorious

body; that has limitations, dimensions, proportions. Is Jesus Christ

without parts? Not as to his person; his body is made up of

limbs, trunk, head; and parenthetically I may remark, a whole without parts is inconceivable. Then it follows that God's "infinity,"so

far as it is spoken of in scripture, does not refer to his person, but his intelligence, wisdomevidently to the attributes of his mind—to

power, patience, mercy, and whatsoever other qualities of mind or spirit he may possess. If it is argued that it is illogical and unphilosophical to regard God in his person as finite, but infinite in

faculties, that is, finite in one respect and infinite in another, my answer is that it is a conception of God made necessary by what the divine wisdom has revealed concerning himself, and it is becoming in man to accept with humility what God has been pleased to reveal concerning his own nature, being assured that in God's infinite knowledge he knows himself, and that which he reveals concerning himself is to be trusted far beyond man's philosophical conception of him.

But to resume our inquiry: Is Jesus Christ immutable, unchangeable? Is he Plato's "that which always is and has no becoming"? or Mr. Van Der Donckt's "necessary being * * * that

cannot change with regard to his existence, nor can he change with regard to his mode of existence,"and therefore could never be anything other than he was from eternity? It is inconceivable how

any being can be a son and not have a beginning as such. Whatever of

eternity may be ascribed to the existence of the Lord Jesus, he 178 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

must have had a beginning as a son; that term implies a relation,

let it be brought about how it may, and that relation must have had a beginning. While there may never have been a time when

Jesus was not in respect of his existence as an Intelligence, there must have been a time when he was not, as "Son."So that he

doubtless became "Son,"hence changed his relation from not Son to Son; hence changed in his relations, in his mode of

existence. We know there was a time when he was not man,

that is, not man of flesh and bone made of the materials of this world; and he became man; another change. There was a time

when he was mortal man, by which I mean, man subject to death;

and he became, and is now, immortal man; another change. There

was a time when all power in heaven and in earth was "given"to him;

(Matt. 28:18.) hence,there must have been a time whenhe did not possess it; hence another change, a change from the condition of holding

some power to that of possessing all power. These facts attested by

Holy Writ are against Mr. V's doctrine of God's "immutability,"so

far at least as relates to the impossibility of changing his mode of existence. And if Mr. V.'s doctrine of the "immutability"of God

means that God cannot change in his relations, then I put these facts in the career of the Lord Jesus against his argument, and say that not only did Jesus pass through these changes of conditions and relations, but that God the Father could and very likely did pass through similar relations and changes. Else of what significance are the following passages:

The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do; for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise

(St. John v: 19.)

The Prophet Joseph Smith quoting the substance of St. John

v: 26, also says:

"As the Father hath power in himself, even so hath the Son power"—

to do what? Why, what the Father did. The answer is obvious—in a

manner, to lay down his body and take it up again. "Jesus, what are you

going to do?""To lay down my body as my Father did, and take it up

again."Do you believe it? If you do not believe it, you do not believe

the Bible.*

Millennial Star, Vol. 23: p. 247.

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 179

It is the accepted doctrine of the orthodox Christian creeds that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, is as the Father of is—(Creed

St. Athanasius) that is, of the same nature and essence. Very

well, then; as God, the Father, begot Jesus, the Son, may not the

Son in time also beget a son or sons? Or, after ascribing to the

Son the same nature and the same power as is ascribed to the

Father, will our orthodox friends insist upon limiting the Son by denying him productive virtue, and contend that Jesus must endure without the exercise of it? If the existence of the Son was

it cannot beessential to the perfection of God, the Father—and

it not be, since the Son is of thethought of in any other light—may

same nature as the Father, that the fact of fatherhood is necessary to the perfection of the Son? To deny him the power of attaining it would be to limit his power, which may not be done even

according to orthodox Christian doctrine. Is it not likely, nay,

would it not be so? that the same cause or impulse, or necessity,

or what influence or consideration soever it was that led God, the

Father, to beget a Son, create a world, and provide for its redemption, would impel the Son, since he is of the same nature as the

Father, to do these same things? And where was the beginning

of such proceedings? and where will be the end of them?

But now, to resume again our measuring of Mr. V.'s philosophy

by Jesus Christ as God.

Is Jesus Christ without passions? No; his deathless love for his friends, so beautifully manifested by word

and deed throughout his mortal life, together with his love for mankind, which led him to give his life for the world, as also his explicitly declared hatred of that which is sin and evil, forbid us thinking of him as without passions. As in him

dwelt "all the fulness of the Godhead bodily,"so in him necessarily are gathered all these qualities, attributes and perfections that go to the making of God. Does possession of these qualities, together

with Messiah's mode of existence in the form and person of Jesus

Christ, come in conflict with the notion of God's "simplicity,""immutability,"and "eternity,"as conceived by philosophers? So

much the worse, then, for the faulty and merely human conceptions of those qualities, as relating to God. Better mistrust the

accuracy of metaphysical reasoning; better throw aside Plato and

180 IMPROVEMENT. ERA.

his philosophy as untrustworthy, than to be moved ever so slightly from the great truth of revelation that Jesus, the Messiah, is God;

and that such as he is, God is, as to essence, attributes, existence, and the mode of existence. Jesus Christ, then, once accepted as

God, and the manifestation of God to men, is a complete answer to

Mr. Van Der Donckt's philosophical argument for the absolute

''simplicity"or "spirituility"or "immutability"of God.

More of Mr. Van Der Donckt's "Philosophy."

I must not neglect Mr. Van Der Donckt's "philosophy"that

forbids us believing that "several finite things"can "produce an infinite, or an illimitable, as there would always be a first and last."

Also his "finite parts could not belong to the infinite essence, else they would communicate their limitations to God."Also, his

"many infinite beings are inconceivable; for, if there wer3 several,

they would have to differ from each other by some perfection."

And his "from the moment one would have a perfection, the other one lacks, the latter would not be infinite. Therefore, God cannot

be a compound of infinite parts."

Can any one, can Mr. Van Der Donckt himself, be quite sure

of all this? Who knows how the infinite is constituted? When

men speak of the infinite, are they not treating of that which is beyond the comprehension of the mind of man, at least in his present state of limited intellectual powers; for whatever may be

the heights to which the mind of man may rise, when freed from his present earthbound conditions, here and now he must recognize his intellectual limitations: for, as in Christ's humiliation (i.e.

in his earthlife) his judgment was taken away (Acts viii: 33),

that is, his divine, supreme, intellectual and spiritual powers were veiled—so with man, in this same world of trial and limitations.

Whatever his power as an eternal Intelligence may have been, or what it may be hereafter, he is now compelled to admit that he sees but as through a glass darkly, and therefore imperfectly.

Men, I hold, though they be philosophers, cannot comprehend the infinite, much less say how it is constituted. But let us reflect a

little upon the several propositions Mr. V. submits to us:

1 "Several finite beings cannot produce the infinite."

So far as it is possible for the human intellect to conceive the infinite, the material universe is infinite, eternal, without beginning

TaE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 181

and without end. It is inconceivable that the universe could have

had a beginning, could have been produced from nothing. ''All

the apparent proofs,"remarks Herbert Spencer, "that something can come out of nothing, a wider knowledge has one by one cancelled. The comet that is suddenly discovered in the heavens and

nightly waxes larger, is proved not to be a newly created body, but a body that was until lately beyond the range of vision. The

cloud which in the course of a few minutes forms in the sky, consists not of substance that has just begun to be, but of substance that previously existed in a more diffused and transparent form.

And similarly with a crystal or precipitate in relation to the fluid depositing it."(First Prin., p. 177.) Mr. Spencer holds it "impossible to think of nothing becoming something,"for the reason

that "nothing"cannot become an object of consciousness (Ibid pp.

161-2.) In like manner, he holds that matter is indestructible, and

hence, that the universe cannot be annihilated. "The doctrine

that matter is indestructible has become a commonplace,"he remarks. "The seeming annihilations of matter turn out, on close

observation, to be only changes of state. It is found that the

evaporated water, though it has become invisible, may be brought by condensations to its original shape."The indestructibility of

matter, Mr. Spencer holds to be a datum of consciousness, which he

thus illustrates:

Conceive the space before you to be cleared of all bodies save one.

Now imagine the remaining one not to be removed from its place, but to lapse into nothing while standing in that place. You fail. The

place that was solid you cannot conceive becoming empty, save by the transfer of that which made it solid. * * * However small the

bulk to which we conceive a piece of matter reduced, it is impossible to conceive it reduced into nothing. While we can represent to ourselves

the parts of the matter as approximated, we cannot represent to ourselves the quantity of matter as made less. To do this would be to imagine some of the constituent parts compressed into nothing; which is

no more possible than to imagine compression of the whole into nothing.

Our inability to conceive matter becoming nonexistent, is immediately consequent on the nature of thought. Thought consists in the establishment of relations. There can be no relation established, and therefore no thought framed, when one of the related terms is absent from

182 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

consciousness. Hence, it is impossible to think of something becoming

nothing, for the same reason that it is impossible to think of nothing becoming something. (First Prin., p, 181.)

The material universe, then, is eternal, it always existed, and how many changes soever it may pass through, it will never be annihilated. Not one atom can be added to the sum total of its

is everywheresubstance, nor one blotted out of existence—it

existing, and, so far as the mind of man can conceive "infinity,"it is infinite. Yet we know that this whole is made up of a great

variety of substances and objects which are finite; and our philosophers, for the most part, hold that matter is divisible into ultimate atoms. Not that such a fact has been demonstrated or is

demonstrable; but granted the existence of matter, its existence

as an aggregation of such ultimate things as atoms seems to be a necessary truth. I say necessary truth, because the mind of man

cannot conceive to the contrary, and hence, science assumes matter to be composed of atoms. But atoms are things—material

things; and in the mind must necessarily be thought of as having

lower part, also a hither and thithdimensions—an upper and

er side; or if spherical then a circumference and diameter;

in other words, atoms are finite, material things, and in the aggregate constitute the material universe, which, so far as the wit of man can conceive, is infinite; and hence, we may say the

infinite universe is composed of finite atoms; or, several finite

things—Mr. V.'s philosophy to the contrary notwithstanding

produce the infinite.

2 "Many infinite beings are inconceivable; for if there were

several, they would have to differ from each other by some perfection.

Now, the moment one would have a perfection the other one lacks, the latter would not be infinite."

That may be true in relation to absolute "infinity."But we

have already seen that God cannot be considered as absolutely infinite, because we are taught by the facts of revelation that absolute infinity cannot hold as to God's person; as a person,God has limitations, and that which has limitations is not absolutely infinite. If

God is conceived of as absolutely infinite, in his substance as in his attributes, then all idea of personality respecting him must be given

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 18S

up; for personality implies limitations. If the idea of personality

in respect of God be retained, then the idea of absolute infinity regarding him must be abandoned. That "infinite"which does not

include all things and all qualities is not absolutely infinite. The

only persons who consistently hold to the absolute infinity of God are those who identify God with the universe—regarding God and

the universe as one and the same. So long as orthodox Christians

regard God as distinct from what they call the "material universe,"that long they teach but a modified infinity respecting God. They

really mean that God is only infinite "after his kind."One of

Spinoza's definitions may help us here. He says a thing is finite after

its kind "when it canbe limited by another thing of the same nature,"as one body is limited by another (Ethics Def. ii.) Is not a thing

infinite after its kind, then, when it is not limited by anything of the same nature? Is not this the necessary corollary of Spinoza's definition of the "finite after its kind?"and do not those who regard

God as distinct from the universe, and at the same time ascribe "infinity"to him, mean only that he is infinite "after his kind?"There

may be, then, many infinites after their kind; and this view is sustained by the fact that such infinites do exist. Duration or time

is infinite after its kind, because not limited by anything of the same nature. Space is infinite after its kind, for the same reason;

so, too, is force and matter. If there may be two or four things

infinite after their kind, because not limited by anything of the same nature, are many infinites inconceivable? Moreover, when

it can be understood when relatinfinity is thus understood—and

difficulty raised by the latter parting to God in no other way—the

of Mr. V.'s proposition, viz., that, if there were several infinite

beings, they would differ from each other by some perfection, and when one would have a perfection that the other lacked, the latter are infinitewould not be infinite, etc.—disappears; for when beings

after their kind, they are only limited by things of a different nature, and therefore the perfections possessed by those beings of a different nature will constitute no limitation to their infinity.

3 "If one is infinite nothing can be added to it"

This may be true of the absolutely infinite; for that which is

absolutely infinite must be the sum total of all existence. To say,

184 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

therefore, that something existed in addition to this sura total, and could be added to it, would be illogical. But infinity in this conception cannot be ascribed to God; for we have seen that God is

only infinite in faculties and power, not in person, hence not absolutely infinite; therefore, this statement in the gentleman's philosophy can have no bearing on the controversy in which we are

engaged.

4 "Finite parts could not belong to the infinite essence, else they would communicate their limitations to God."

When the Son of God, Jesus, took on a human body of flesh and bone, was not that which is finite, his body, added to the infinite in Jesus Christ? Did the finite body, taken on by the spirit

of Jesus, communicate its limitations to God? And is Jesus now in

his resurrected, immortal body of flesh and bones, less "infinite"than before his spirit was united to his body? If one accepts Mr.

V.'s doctrine of the absolute infinity of God, then one must believe

that Jesus "the Word,"who "was in the beginning with God, "who flesh;"that is, did not take on a body "was God,'—was not "made

of flesh and bone; for the body of Jesus was finite, had, in fact, all

the limitations of a man's body, and Mr. V.'s doctrine tells us that

the "Word,""if one is infinite,nothing can be added toit—therefore

who "was God,"could not have been made flesh. If, on the other

hand, one accepts the fact, so well attested by holy scriptures, viz.,

that Jesus, "the Word,""who was God,'- was made flesh, did take on a body that was flesh and bones, even though that body was finite, then one must reject the philosophy of Mr V.,which says the

infinite may not take on finite parts, for the reason that they would communicate their limitations to the infinite, and thus destroy its

infinity.

It is not difficult to see that something is wrong with the philosophy of Mr. Van Der Donckt, which thus constantly brings us in

conflict with the revelation of God in the scriptures, and especially in the revelation of God in Jesus Christ.

Conclusions.

In what state do these considerations leave the argument?

Mr. Van Der Donckt reaches the conclusion, from the premise that

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 185

several finite things cannot produce the infinite, that God cannot be a compound of finite parts. Yet we have seen that what is called

the material universe, so far as it is possible for the mind of man to apprehend infinity, answers to his conception of the infinite; and

we know that the universe is made up of finite parts; and that in

its last analysis it is but the aggregation of finite atoms.

From the premise that many infinite beings are inconceivable,

Mr. V. reaches the conclusion that God cannot be a compound of infinite parts. But upon principles of sound reason, we have seen

that things are infinite after their kind when not limited by anything of the same nature; and his premise of a number of infinites being inconceivable is destroyed by the actual existence of a

number of infinites after their kind, such as duration, space, matter, spirit, and hence the absolute infinite, if existing at all, must be composed of an aggregation of infinites after their kind.

From the premise that if one is infinite nothing can be added to it, the gentleman implies the conclusion that God is infinite, and therefore nothing can be added to him. Still, since Jesus was the

Word, and the Word was and is God, we have seen that something was added to whatever of infinity there was in God, the Word, viz.,

is, the prewhat orthodox Christians call his "humanity"—that

existent, divine spirit of Jesus took on a tabernacle of flesh something finite was added to the infinity of God, the Word, and that, let me say, without communicating any limitations to the infinity possessed of God.

On these several premises, Mr. Van Der Donckt bases his general conclusion:

Therefore, the infinite Being is not composite, but simple or spiritual. Therefore, he is not, nor ever was, a man who is a composite being.

But since the premises themselves have been shown to be utterly untenable, as relating to God, as revealed in the scriptures, and in the person and nature of Jesus Christ, the conclusions are wrong; and the facts established are that while God in mind and

faculties is doubtless infinite, in person he is finite; and as his spirit

is united to a body, he is composite,not simple; and as Jesus Christ

was God manifested in the flesh, the express image of God the 186 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Father's person, the counterpart of his nature, and yet at the same is neither unscriptural nor unphilosophical totime was a man—it

hold that God, even the Father, was also a man, and is now a perfected, exalted man.

(Concluded in February number.)

HAIL TO THE PRINCE AND THE PRINCESS!

FOR THE ERA, BY DR. GEO. H. BR1MHALL.

Hail to the prince and the princess,

Whose home was a palace above;

God called, and they went on a mission,

To fill earth with an offspring of love.

The earth was invaded by legions

Of merciless soldiers of sin, Defeated in heaven, and banished,

But eager, new war to begin.

Brave couple, oh where is their equal,

This side of the realm of the Gods?

Their valor seems almost immortal

One willing pair facing such odds!

They struggled, were "captured, not conquered;'1

From home, a Deliverer came.

Then, ransomed, they the conflict renewed,

And conquered, at last, in His name.

So, hail to the man of fair Eden,

Whom Satan could never deceive!

And hail to the woman, man's helpmeet,

Illustrious Adam and Eve.

They'll stand at the head of earth's races,

A God and a Goddess on high, With glory, dominions and powers,

While time rolleth endlessly by.

Then pity the arrogant critic,

The skeptic that dares to deride

The courage of Adam, the hero,

Or sneer at his heroine bride.

PLET: A CHRISTMAS TALE OF THE

WASATCH.*

BY ALFRED LAMBOURNE, AUTHOR OF HOLLY AND EASTER LILLJES, "PICTURES OF AN INLAND SEA,"ETC.

PART THREE.

I.

CHRISTMAS EVE AGAIN.

The huge hollow where stood our cabin had once been, so my observations told me, the head of an ancient glacier. Its track I

had traced below the lake by the grooved and polished surface of the granite ledges. No doubt its icy masses had plowed out the

steep and narrow canon, and the thick causeway of boulders and debris, about midway in the canon's length, was where its icecaves and bristling front had last rested in later years as it retreated to its upper lair. Now the hollow is often the scene of tremendous

snowslides. Sometimes falling simultaneously from its three sides,

they beat with irresistible force the lake waters into a cloud of mist, or sweep them forth in a body out of their deep bed, to pass in floods down the slopes, hissing toward the distant camp. Jo

and I had seen them fall thus on one occasion, and it was a majestic sight.

We had thought more than once that, perhaps, our cabin was not in a very safe place—that we may have tempted Providence

somewhat. But as our cabin stood on a low ridge, or rather a rock

mound, the slides had always heretofore gone on either side of it.

A few more months, however, and then, we thought, we would no longer expose ourselves to the danger.

* Copyright by Alfred Lambourne.

188 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Procrastination; that is the miner's bane. Putting off; facing

a danger too long; delay in all save in hearkening to the voice of

the siren Fortune that leads them on.

The golden autumnal days were suddenly ended. With shrilly

notes November's wind piped loud, rushing through the mountain hollows and heaping up the fallen leaves into mounds of crimson, gold and russet, or driving them fiercely onward into the pale, swollen torrents. Cold, drenching rains descended in the canon

below us; but, under the billowy folds of leadenhued clouds, the

mountain tops around our dwelling grew white apace. Day after

day, night after night, the snow was wafted down. Swirled by the

furious wind from exposed heights into the ravines below, or drifted in vast combs along the winding crests; piled up until the

overladen mountains could bear no more, and, poised above us, the avalanche made ready for its awful plunge.

We were seated in our cheerless cabin, listening to the blast as it whistled, shrieked and roared. We were prisoners both, by

reason of the raging storm. We had been prisoners thus for days,

and still the snow was heavily falling, and still the winds were hurling it against the walls of our cabin. We could not have

opened the door.

Of all nights in the year, it was a strange one—strange for

the event which was to happen. It was the Christmas Eve again.

Just a twelvemonth since, Jo had rescued Plet and her father from a dreadful fate.

Jo was seated by the fire with his feet up on the stove top.

By the dim light of our miner's lantern, which hung from a beam over the table between us, he was trying to read; or, at least, he

appeared to be so doing. I had taken a seat at the foot of my

bunk—it was along the east side of the wall, at the north half of

it; Jo's bunk was opposite; the stove was at the south end. I was

getting noddy, and Jo was silent, not seeming in a mood for talk, and the hour was late.

Suddenly he spoke: "Jim, you should have let me go. I

PLET: A CHRISTMAS TALE OF THE WASATCH. 189

could have made the camp all right. It seems as though I would

stifle here!"

He meant down to Plet's. In the morning, he had prepared

to start, but I held him back. It would be madness to let him go,

with the storm raging like that, and the snow drifting as it was.

Why, it would have been sending him forth to his death.

I dared not try the slopes in such weather; why should I let

one whom I loved so well?

of Plet and We had talked of it during the day—the saving

her father—but not much, for Jo could do nothing but fret. Why

hadn't he started, he said, in spite of me, to the camp.

Row sincerely I did afterward wish he had done so! He might,

as he said, have reached it all right, and I should have then—why,

been free from responsibility.

This is a strange world, is it not? And strange things happen

in it. How often the course of a life is changed by a single moturned by a grain of sand. We do this trifle orment—the balance

that, go here or there, speak or are silent, and the thing is done.

We make or mar a life.

What had I done for Jo?

I was pondering over it, but was almost asleep, leaning against the wall, when he spoke again.

He had not paid much attention to his book, to judge from his words. There was a gap, too, in his thoughts from those he

had spoken before.

I was surprised at their tenor.

"I ought to be happy now, don't you think so, Jim?"

That was the question he asked me.

Then, without waiting for an answer, he went on: "It will be

so have wealth at one's command, to make those different—to

happy whom we love. How I do wish she was alive to share my

good fortune, that she might have lived to know something better than those days of want, those days of poverty which we shared together in the big city! It was cruel, cruel that she suffered so.

I could now look forward to the cup of my happiness being full if, instead of the memory of her pale, worn face, she could be with us. Oh, what a pleasure, could I but make her cheek as rosy

again, and her eyes as bright as I first remember them!"

L90 1MPR0 VEMENT ERA.

I knew what he meant. It was of his sister he was speaking.

She had died a few years before; a couple before I had met him,

and then he had started West.

He always spoke of her, I noticed, when he felt depressed in his spirits.

"She was older than I, Jim,"he continued, in the same sad vein, "and had to work for us both, when I was nothing but an urchin. You have heard what needlework is to the girls who have

living death. It killed her with conto work for the sweaters—a

sumption. At least that did, combined with the sorrow of being

left an orphan with me to take care of, alone in the great, heedless city."

I said a few words in reply, though he scarcely noticed them, and then he went on with his spoken musings:

"My mother. I can scarcely recall her face; her hair was

black, like sister's—my yellow curls came from father. Yet,

though mother's face is so vague in my memory now, it seems that

I see her dark, sad eyes looking into my face tonight."

Jo, in spite of his happy prospects, was in low spirits, indeed;

but then he had been sorely disappointed that day.

He was still sitting there by the stove when I turned into my bunk; the same when I dropped off to sleep.

II.

DISASTER.

Crash! crash!! crash!!! a roar in my ears like that of an insnappings, grindings,furiated lion. Deafening sounds—crackings,

hissings of sliding snow. Sudden and bitter cold rushing upon me;

did itutter confusion; a bewildering sense of catastrophe—what

mean? sitting there halfstunned. The I had sprung up in bed—was

lamp was still burning, but I could see nothing. Its feeble rays

were powerless to dispel the surrounding gloom. I felt the snow

drifting in upon my face and my hands. I called out to Jo, but no

answer came. Something terrible must have happened.

The sudden noises ended: all grew still. There was a pause

even in the blowing of the wind. I seemed in a tomb, so silent it

PLET: A CHRISTMAS TALE OF THE WASATCH. 191

was; only I could feel yet the snow drifting in upon my face and

my hands.

What was it? Where was Jo? I stupidly asked the question.

Then I could see dimly Jo's bunk; it was unoccupied. I could see

the utensils that hung over it, too, but the stove was gone. What

meant that white vacancy at the south end of the room, or rather, where the south end of the room had been? I stared at it dreamily,

and then could see the white snow outside. It was from there

that the flakes had come that drifted on my face and my hands.

Then suddenly I was wide awake; my thoughts were as clear as

crystal; every sense was on the alert. A slide! a slide! Our cabin

had been struck by a slide!

A slide; yes, a slide, and the cabin was cut in halves. Not a

thing moved at my end of the room, but the other—where was it?

It was gone. Jo had been whirled away with it; carried beyond

the ledges, perhaps, hundreds of feet below.

I was out of bed in an instant. But what could I do? How

should I act? Jo must surely be dead; or dead ere my feet could

reach him. I put on my clothes as rapidly as possible, and then

stood there, numb with despair.

Then I went outside.

Before me was a scene of desolation wonderful to behold, mystic in the faint, pale light of the moon hanging low, ghostlike, in the western sky.

The slides—there had been two—had met near our cabin.

One, with superior momentum, had driven the other from its course.

That was why we had been struck.

The snow ceased falling; the clouds rolled away, white as the

snow itself. I could see plainly the tracks of the slide—black

furrows down the mountainside. Where they had joined, too,

(tons of rock were piled up there) and down the slopes, also, I could distinguish the mighty pathway.

I prepared to descend.

Luckily my snowshoes were safe (poor Jo's were beside mine).

I put them on and fastened the lantern to my belt. Then I took a

guiding pole in my hand; distressed as I was, it was yet necessary

that I be systematic in my preparations. For all the skill I have

acquired in mountaineering was needed that night.

.

1 92 1MPR0 VEMENT ERA

And well for me, too, that I knew every foot of the place, or

I should never have reajhed the spot where, at last, I found Jo.

The snow had drifted wildly, never had I seen its like before.

In some places the rocks were laid bare; at others, the snow was

piled high in huge mounds. At some places, hardpacked and firm

to my tread; at others, all loose and feathery.

I could see the place where the slide had small, stopped—a

level space, fretted, I knew, with jutting rocks.

If Jo had been borne against one of these, then his fate was only too certain.

Oh, what I suffered! I shall never be able to tell you!

I was frantic with apprehension!

I pushed down the slope, not knowing where to pause. He

might lie on the surface, be crushed by a boulder, or sunk in a cross ravine. Oh, I knew not where to search.

Yet I dreaded each moment to see him. Every object in the

light of the low, yellow moon threw weird shadows. A rock top,

any dark object, made me start with dismay.

What was that, sticking up through the snow? A fragment

of our cabin; something clinging to it, great coat (it had too—Jo's

hung on the back of his chair as he sat before the fire). My heart

gave a furious thump, for perhaps he was lying close by. Was he

where I could reach him? That was the question. Was he yet

.alive, or dead? m

III.

DOWN THE SLOPES.

He was past all dead. I soon knew that. Not a help—quite

flutter at his heart; not the faintest breathing, though it was

slightly warm there yet. But I knew that he was dead.

I had reached him too late.

I was dazed with grief; wild with agony. I called out his name

in despair. My voice was harsh, strange and unnatural, soon lost

amid the wreaths of snow.

Then I fell down and groveled in the snow beside him; wept

such bitter tears as, since childhood, had not fallen from my eyes.

PLET: A CHRISTMAS TALE OF THE WASATCH. 193

Would I go mad? I was trembling in the bitter cold like one

that is struck with palsy.

Jo, my Jo, the brave lad I had labored with, side by side, all those trying days; Jo, generous, honest Jo; Jo with his sunny eyes

and yellow hair; why, if he were dead, then I wanted to die, too.

How could I live without him?

In that awful hour, I learned what the lad had become to me.

It was close by the piece of wood, not ten yards away, that I found him. One hand was thrust up through the snow, as if appealing for help. I had all but trodden upon it. It was rigidly

clasped, the finger nails buried in the palm, as I have seen on the hands of others killed by the snow.

sight! I stood aghast! For all Oh, it was gruesome—that

my sixty years -there was scarcely a gray hair on my head before that; afterward, these white ones came thick and fast.

What had I better do? I mean after the first transports of

my grief had passed, when I had dug Jo out and knew that he was dead; when my bitter tears availed not; no, nor my labors (hopeless, I knew) to bring him back to life. I could not take his body

up to the wreck of our cabin; 'twas useless even if I could do go.

!"; take him down to the camp. I mus

There was a sled at the cabin, if the snow had not carried it away. I must get it. Often we had used that sled, heavily laden,

Jo and I, pulling together up the weary slopes. Now it must bear

a different burden. Jo's body must be placed upon it, and so taken

down.

One of the keenest pangs that I felt was when I turned to go, and left him there alone, lying so rigid and still. The mystery of it

life, fate, death, was borne in upon me then. all—the inscrutability of

I cut pine branches, laid them upon the sled and made a thick, soft couch for poor Jo's body; then I placed him upon it; then I

covered him over with blankets—those under which he had slept

and dreamed so often of Plet; then I bound all tightly with cords,

start. and then—I was ready to

Down, down, down. Down in the light of dawn, among the

hillocks of snow; over the drifts; across the streams on bridges of

ice. Down the long, steep slopes, over the trail we knew so well;

and at last, I reached the houses.

194 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Then came my task of tasks. God! how could I do it! How

could I bear the tidings to Plet!

IV.

BY THE GRAVESIDE.

I cannot tell all the misery, all the woe that followed. And

why try to recall them, those hours between the noonday on which

I pulled the body of Jo into the camp, and that on which we laid him to rest; put him away in the desolate spot that was used as the

camp burial ground?

More or less, my life has been a failure. I have passed through

trials—trials that have left their heartwounds. But of them all,

that was the hardest. It is the blackest spot in my memory.

I don't know. To tell It was the father who told her—how,

him was all I could do. He reeled like a drunken man when I told

him the sad story; and what must it have been to her?

Nor did I go to the house. I dreaded to look upon her. I

who had been the bearer of evil tidings. Not till later did I go,

when all was ready, and we took Jo's body there.

Deep lay the snow on the lonesome flat, and softly the big flakes came down. Willing hands had cut a path to the spot, and

along it we went, moving slow in long procession. Plet's father

had tried to dissuade her from entering the burial ground; but she

would follow poor Jo. She clung to her father's arm speechless

and tearless. No* a heart but melted in sorrow at the painful

sight.

The coffin was lowered. A few words were read by one most

worthy among us. The clods fell, and the end was reached.

Then we led her away, still silent and tearless. All who had

followed the coffin hungered in their hearts to do something for to assuage her grief. But Plet's sorrow was suchher—something

that all were abashed before her.

V.

PLET'S SORROW.

And after that, it all seems vague, mixed up in my mind. I

seem to see Plet, all drooping and wan, fading away like a cut

PLET: A CHRISTMAS TALE OF THE WASATCH. 195

flower left in the hot, summer sunshine. Plet, who had been the

merriest creature, thinking only of the passing hour or brightly of the future, changed into a pale, shrinking girl whose only wish seemed now that she be left to her grief and her memories.

I was oppressed by the thought that her grief must change or her heart must break.

But that is wrong; her heart was broken already.

Her father would have taken her away from the camp—away

from its sorrowful suggestions. But she clung to the place; begged

to remain. It seemed she could not go and leave that unexpected

grave, so lonely under its covering of snow.

Oh, how different is the woman from the man! Man, in his

strength, lets the past go its way, though with it goes forever a part of his life. Woman—tender, clinging and loving woman

cherishes, clasps to the last, whatever remains of the broken dream.

So that grave held Plet; bound her as with an invisible chain.

Then came a summer day, and Plet and her father coming up to the old hollow. What madness possessed him to let her come?

He should not have allowed her to see it again. The same beautiful wild flowers grew by the lake, and among the rocks as when she

had stood there with Jo. Can the eyes speak farewell? If they

can, then those of Plet were saying farewell that day.

She had come to be once more, and for the last time, at the place where love had first entered her heart.

Then came again the little burial ground at the mountain's foot, with the snow softly falling, and the earth covered deep with its fleecy folds, and once more an open grave—a grave for Plet.

For she had made her father pledge his word that it should be in the end she should lie beside her lover.so—that

And he, who had always granted her every wish, how could he deny her that one?

dire importChristmas Eve! Christmas Eve—fraught with

ance. It seemed to choke me. And yet I could not help repeating

it over and over. Christmas Eve, and Jo and I toiling to dig out

the snowslide's vict;ms! Christmas Eve, and Jo himself swept to

bis death! And Christmas Eve again, and Plet breathing her last!

Why was the time so fateful? I struggled with the problem, but

no answer came. And life seemed all blackness, and but a mask

196 1MPR0VEMEN1 ERA.

for death, when I felt that I should hear their voices never again.

VI.

WEDDING BELLS.

Stuff and nonsense! Never again? Never again? What!

hear the voices of Jo and Plet never again? Then whose voice

was that, clear and full, joyous and ringing, just as of old? Whose

voice, indeed, if not Jo's? Jo's voice, telling me that it was the

morn; that the storm had passed, the sun shining brightly, and

asking if ever I meant to get up?

So they were not true, those terrible things—those awful

hours on the mountain side? Those graves in the desolate burial

ground? There had been no slide? Our cabin had not been

wrecked? Jo was not dead? Plet was alive? It was all a mistake then—a dream?

Thank Heaven, it was so! Thank Heaven that heapedup snow

had not overwhelmed us! Thank Heaven again, it was but Jo's

mournful talk, and my own apprehensions, as I fell off to sleep, that had made me a silly old dreamer!

It was a very different trip, indeed, we had down the slopes from that awful one of my dream. How the snow glittered in the

morning sunlight, and how our snowshoes sent the diamond spray flying from our heels, as we sped down the steep. We startled the

white mountain hare, when it cowered beneath some sheltering bank, and sent it scurrying across the snow. You would never

have thought I was sixty then. Jo's fiery young blood seemed to

have gotten into my veins, and merrily I kept up the race.

Oh, what joy to see them together again! together in their

youth, their strength and their grace! To see Plet's sweet face,

and hear again the music of her soft, loving voice! To know that

instead of the grave and the shroud, it was to be the bridal robe and the wedding feast!

And a feast it was when it came. The camp had never seen

its like. All in the place wished joy and happiness to the newly

wedded pair. Every one wanted a peep at the bride. And well

they might. Was there ever a bride more lovely than Plet? Who

PLET: A CHRISTMAS TALE OF THE WASATCH. 197

could blame Jo for that proud look on his face? Not I, nor you,

my dear friend. After all, a bachelor's life is but a poor affair.

I will not bother you with the details of our claim. I have

told you that partly already. You know why I am here, and what

the Company expects from the mine.

In a few days, I shall see Jo and Plet again, on their return from Europe. They will settle down in their pretty house in that

I think I too shall go back to thewestern valley. But I—well,

mountains. They are like strong magnets to draw one to them, as

all who have lived among the mountains know. And, to be honest,

too, I feel a symptom of the miner's fever. Strange how it will

satch hold on a man again and ag un.

Shall I go to the Wasatch? Of course. And up to our home,

too. I guess it is sadly changed, though. When the precious

metal is found, havoc is played on the old hills.

In the mining camp, each blast that I hear will seem but the bells, reechoes of those others—those which, in lieu of wedding

sounded across the snowclad hills when Jo and Plet were mairied that happy Christmas time.

[the end.] TALKS TO YOUNG MEN.

III. BOOKS—THEIR CHOICE, USE AND VALUE.

"// a genius like Gladstone carries through life a book in his pocket, lest an unexpected spare moment slip from his grasp, what should we oj common abilities not resort to, to save the precious moments from oblivion?"

One should be as choice of his books as he is of his companions. First, because of their lasting influence upon him. The

influence of a book seldom diminishes. It remains as a lasting

impression on the mind of its reader, and often determines or modifies his thoughts and actions, long after the reading of the book. Secondly, its influence is living and active. It permeates

the man's life in a subtle yet positive way, to his lasting benefit or injury. Indeed, a book may be called the positive, living, breathing essence of its author's mind, and is thus perfectly adapted to

moulding the minds of others. Then, again, the book is usually

concentrated and strong. The most impressive thought of the

author is, as a rule, set forth in it, in the tersest language he is able to command. If it is poison, it is concentrated poison; if

medicine, it is strong medicine; if food, it is condensed food.

It has been said that the author puts the best of himself into his books. That statement should be modified. He puts his

greatest strength into his books. If it is good, the best of the

author goes to make it up. If bad, it may be composed of its

writer's very worst. In either case, it represents his strength.

Again, books represent various moods of their author's. If

a book is written in an evil mood, reading it is like associating with a man whose frame of mind is continually evil. A bad man

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN. 199

is, in some of his moods, good and beneficent; an evil book is

never good. It is always in an evil mood, and productive of an

evil influence. No human companion is so low that he does not,

at times, manifest signs of nobility; an evil book is always detrimental. Hence the necessity of choosing only those books that

have been written in a good mood. One may choose as a companion a man who is sometimes a Dr. Jekyll, sometimes a Mr.

Hyde; but the book we choose is one thing all the time—it cannot

change. Parents are very careful not to choose for their children

companions that are seldom good; they are not always careful to

reject books that never can be good. Boys, be as guarded in

your choice of books as you should be in the choice of your companions!

A good book is like a good name—better than riches.—A motto

of the Era.

What elements constitute a good book? It should be

thoughtproducing. A book that merely stimulates the mind,

without feeding it, is as bad as a bodily stimulant. Its immediate

effect upon the mind is emphatically harmful. The injury it does

never entirely disappears. The true thoughtproducing book cannot be mastered with one reading. Carlyle's rule always holds

good:

"// time is precious, no book that will not improve by repeated readings deserves to be read at all."

The book that will not repay repeated reading is not a thoughtproducer. Thoughtproducing books include works of

history, biography, travel, science, fiction, philosophy, etc., and

cover a wide enough range to suit all except perverted tastes.

Not all such books are necessarily heavy. Humor and fiction of

the right kind may be as productive of thought as heavier works.

One does not need to seek trashy literature in order to obtain light reading. All the elements named above should enter into one's

reading. One should not be exclusively a reader of history, or of

biography, or of travel, or of science, or of fiction, or of philosophy. A onesided development would be sure to result from such

200 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

exclusiveness. Breadth and symmetry of mental growth will follow the reading of a carefully selected variety of books.

Give a youth resolution and the alphabet, and who shall place limits to his career? But let him steer clear of the breakers offrivolous fiction.

The chief danger of excess is in the direction of fiction reading. As a general rule, too much fiction is read in proportion to

the amount of reading done in other lines. This is due, in a large

part, to the fact that the struggle of life has become so keen and difficult that mind and body are weary with the strain, and the person is incapable of deep reading. Therefore, for the spare hours

devoted to reading, light and ofttimes frivolous books are chosen.

This tendency is unfortunate; for no matter how good the fiction is,

excessive reading of it destroys mental balance, and defeats the very end that reading aims at. Standard works of fiction are

beneficial for occasional reading, but one should not read too much, even of the best. It goes without saying, that all fiction

with frivolous and degrading tendencies should be carefully avoided.

In this day of "the making of many books,"it is very difficult to select from the vast number those that are best suited to one's purpose. Perhaps the best rule to guide one in his selections is

this: Let him have one subject as his chief, or major, course of

reading. Let him choose the best books, past and present, treating this subject, making careful use of book reviews and standard

library catalogues to guide him in his choice. One of the best

catalogues for this purpose is that of the American Library Association, at Washington. To go with this major course of reading,

minor courses should be chosen, covering the lines of work already enumerated. The object of this supplementary reading,

as stated above, is the preservation of the mental balance, and the giving of broad culture. Sufficient specializing is secured by the

selection of a line along which most of the reading is to be done;

and breadth enough is given by incidental reading on other subjects.

Another important element in determining one's choice of books, is the authority of the writer on the subject he treats. It

is alarmingly common for a person to write on a subject in which

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN. 201

he is not an authority. Such books possess some value, as

setting forth the writer's opinions; but, in reading them, due

allowance should be made for the author's lack of knowledge.

Life is too short for very much time to be spent in reading books of doubtful authority. It is usually easy to secure the bibliography

of any given subject, and to select from the list those best adapted to one's purpose.

A few negative rules on book buying: It is not usually wise

to buy expensive bindings. With care, a cloth or halfleather

binding will ordinarily last until a new edition of the book replaces the old. Let the additional money that would be required

for giltmorocco binding, be put into more reading matter. As a

general rule, books should not be bought in sets. Books published

insets are usually too expensive; and a person buys some books

he does not need for the sake of securing the ones he needs.

Subscription books, published chiefly for the purpose of affording a handso.ne profit for agents, should usually be avoided. The

material in them is generally not well adapted to the ordinary reader's purpose, and the price is necessarily high to afford profits to all concerned in their production and sale. A catalogue from

a reliable book store or the library catalogue referred to above, is an excellent guide for the bookbuyer.

1 don't think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday.—Abraham Lincoln.

Regarding the method of reading books, a few suggestions are offered. Books should be read deeply, not skimmingly. If

necessary to a thorough digestion of the subject matter, notes should be taken as the reading proceeds. Much of the time spent

in reading is lost through lack of care and thought. Bacon's

dictum, that some books are to be swallowed, some to be tasted, and only a few to be chewed and digested, may fit the case of the person who has litttle else to do than to read; but for him whose

reading is done in his spare moments, the greater number of books read should be thoroughly digested, and only his supplementary reading should be hasty.

If you wish reading worth your best time and thought, diligently study Christ's Sermon on the Mount, and the Proverbs.

APPENDIX TO HISTORY OF THE PROPHET

JOSEPH.

{Concluded.)

LETTERS OF DON C. SMITH TO HIS WIFE AGNES.

Cohocton, Steuben Co., June 25, 1836.

Dear Companion, I received your letter bearing the date June 15, which I perused with eagerness, being the first I had received from you during my absence.

I was rejoiced to hear that you were as well as you expressed, but grieved that your rest should be disturbed by the nervous affection of which you speak. You say that you are willing to submit to the will of the Lord

in all things, this is also a source of great consolation to me; for if these

be your feelings, even when deprived of my society, in order to advance the prosperity of the kingdom of God (as nothing else would tear me from you), I feel that the Lord will bless, keep, preserve and uphold you, so let your faith fail not; and your prayers cease not, and you shall ba

healed of your nervous complaint, and all other afflictions. For God is

willing, and abundantly able, to raise you up and give you all the righteous desires of your heart, for he has said, "Ask and ye shall receive,"and he has never lied; and I Can truly say that he has been my help in

every time of need.

When I left home, I set my face, like a flint, towards Boston, until

I found that it was my duty to return home. On arriving at Seneca

Falls, I laid the matter before Samuel and Wilber, and we united our hearts in prayer before the Lord, who signified, by the voice of his

Spirit, to Samuel, that he should continue his journey, but that we should return, after a short time, to our families; so tell Mary that we have

not forsaken him; no, nor ever will, for he is as faithful as the sun

the Lord will not forsake him, and angels will bear him up, and bring him off triumphant and victorious. I heard of the death of grandmother,

while at Aven. I could not help weeping for her, although she has gone

to rest. I called at Uncle was asleep—I laid my John's—grandmother

hand on her head, and asked the Lord to spare her, that I might see her

APPENDIX TO HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH 203

again in the flesh. But when I left, I felt as though she would be taken

before I returned, which caused me to feel sorrowful; but I do not desire

to call her back to this world of trouble. I must close by saying that

I expect to labor in the vineyard, until I start for home. And if the

Lord will, I shall see you as soon as the last of July, and then I shall finish this letter.

Yours till death, Agnes M. Smith. Don C. Smith.

In the month of June, 1839, Don Carlos came from McDonough county to Commerce, for the purpose of making preparations to establish a printing press. As the press and type had been buried

during the Missouri troubles, and were considerably injured by the dampness which they had gathered, it was necessary to get them into use as soon as possible; and in order to do this, Carlos was

under the necessity of cleaning out a cellar, through which a spring was constantly flowing; for there was no other place at

liberty where he could put up the press. The dampness of the

place, together with his labor, caused him to take a severe cold, with which he was sick some time; nevertheless, he continued his

labor, until he got the press into operation, and issued one number of the paper. He then went to McDonough, and visited his

family; after which, he returned to Commerce, but found the

distress so great that no business could be done. Upon his arrival

in Commerce, he wrote to his wife the following letter, which shows the situation of the Church at that time, as well as his affectionate disposition, which was breathed in every word he spoke to his family, and stamped upon every line he wrote to them when absent.

Commerce, July 25, 1839.

Beloved, I am in tolerable health, and have just risen from imploring the

Throne of Grace, in behalf of you and our children, that God would preserve you all in health, and give you every needed blessing, and protect you by day and by night. When I arrived here, nothing had been done

in the office, as Brother Robinson had been sick every day since I left.

And I have done but little labor since I returned, except struggling wellagainst the destroyer, and attending upon the sick—there are not

death, howones enough to take care of the sick—there has been but one

ever, since my return. McLerry, Sophronia and Clarinda, are very sick.

204 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Sister E. Robinson has been nigh unto death. Last Tuesday, I in company with George A. Smith, administered to sixteen souls; some notable

miracles were wrought under our hands. I never had so great power

over disease, as I had this week; for this let God be glorified. There

is now between fifty and one hundred sick, but they are generally on the gain; I do not know of more than two or three who are considered

dangerous. I send you some money that you may not be destitute, in

case you should be sick, and need anything which you have not in the house. Agnes, the Lord being my helper, you shall not want. Elijah's

God will bless you, and I will bles> you, for you are entwined around my heart with ties that are stronger than death, and time cannot sever them. Deprived of your society, and that of my prattling babes, life

would be irksome. Oh! that we may all live and enjoy health and prosperity until the coming of the Son of Man, that we may be a comfort to

each other, and instil into the tender and noble minds of our children principles of truth and virtue, which shall abide with them forever, is my constant prayer. From your husband, who will ever remain devoted

and affectionate, both in time and eternity.

Don C. Smith.

While Don Carlos was at work in the before mentioned cellar, be took a severe pain in his side, which was never altogether removed. About a fortnight prior to his death, his family were

very sick, and in taking care of them, he caught a violent cold a fever set in, and the pain in his side increased, and with all our exertions, we were unable to arrest the disease, which I have no doubt was consumption, brought on by his working in a damp room in which he printed his paper.

ELEGY

ON THE DEATH OF THE DEARLY BELOVED AND MUCH LAMENTED FATHER IN

ISRAEL, JOSEPH SMITH, SENIOR; A PATRIARCH IN THE CHURCH OF JESUS

CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS, WHO DIED AT NAUVOO, SEPTEMBER 14, 1840.

By Miss E. B. Snow.

Zion's noblest sons are weeping,

See her daughters bathed in tears,

Where the Patriarch is sleeping

Nature's sleep—the sleep of years.

APPENDIX TO HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH 205

Hushed is every note of gladness

Every minstrel bows full low Every heart is tuned to sadness

Every bosom feels the blow.

Zion's children loved him dearly;

Zion was his daily care:

That his loss is felt sincerely,

Thousand weeping Saints declare;

Thousands who have shared his blessing,

Thousands whom his service blessed,

By his faith and prayers suppressing

Evils which their lives opprest.

Faith and works, most sweetly blended,

Proved his steadfast heart sincere,

And the power of God attended His offiical labors here;

Long he stemmed the powers of darkness,

Like an anchor in the flood:

Like an oak amid the tempest, Bold and fearlessly he stood.

Years have witnessed his devotions,

By the love of God inspired, When his spirit's pure emotions

Were with holy ardor fired.

Oft he wept for suff'ring Zion

All her sorrows were his own;

When she passed through grievous trials,

Her oppressions weighed him down.

Now he's gone, we'd not recall him

From a paradise of bliss, Where no evil can befall him, To a changing world like this.

His loved name will never perish,

Nor his mem'ry crown the dust;

For the Saints of God will cherish

The remembrance of the Just.

206 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Faith's sweet voice of consolation

Soothes our grief: his spirit's flown

Upward, to a holier station, Nearer the celestial throne;

There to plead the cause of Zion,

In the council of the Just—

In the courts the Saints rely on,

Pending causes to Adjust.

Though his earthly part is sleeping,

Lowly 'neath the prairie sod;

Soon the grave will yield its keeping

Yield to life the man of God.

When the heavens and earth are shakenWhen all things shall be restored

When the trump of God shall waken

Those that sleep in Christ the Lord.

LINES WRITTEN ON THE DEATH OF GEN. DON CARLOS SMITH.

By Miss E. M. Snow.

"Thy shaft flew thrice, and thrice my peace was slain."

The insatiate archer, Death, once more

Has bathed his shaft in human gore;

The palefaced monarch's crimsoned bow,

Once more has laid a good man low.

If tears of love could ever save

A noble victim from the grave;

If strong affection e'er had power

To rescue in the dying hour;

If kindred sympathy could hold

A jewel in its sacred fold;

If friendship could produce a charm,

The heartless tyrant to disarm;

If wideacknowledged worth could be

A screen from mortal destiny;

If pure integrity of heart Could baffle death's malignant dart;

If usefulness and noble zeal, Devotedness to Zion's weal, APPENDIX TO HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 207

A conduct graced with purposed aim,

A reputation free from blame, Could save a mortal from the tomb,

And stamp with an eternal bloom;

He never could have bowed to death,

Or yielded up his mortal breath.

Ours is the sorrow, ours the loss,

For, through the triumphs of the Cross,

His noble part, by death set free,

On wings of immortality, Tracing the steps the Savior trod,

Has reached the Paradise of God.

There he rejoins the ransomed choir,

There, there he hails his noble sire,

A patriarch of these latterdays,

Whose goodness memory loves to trace

With reverence, gratitude, and love;

He left us for the courts above.

There with the spirits of the just,

Where Zion's welfare is discussed,

Once more their efforts to combine

In Zion's cause.—And shall we mourn

For those who have been upwards borne!

And shall the Legion's sorrow flow,

As if a Chieftain were laid low,

Who threw his frail escutcheon by,

To join the Legion formed on high?

loss is great to earth, Yes, mourn.—The

A loss of high exalted worth.

THE ASSASSINATION OF JOSEPH AND HYRUM SMITH, FIRST PRESIDENTS OF

THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS, WHO WERE

MASSACRED BY A MOB IN CARTHAGE, HANCOCK COUNTY, ILL., ON

JUNE 27, 1844.

By Miss E. S. Snow.

Ye heavens attend! Let all the earth give ear!

Let Gods and seraphs, men and angels hear shall know The worlds on high—the universe

What awful scenes are acted here below!

208 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Had Nature's self a heart, her heart would bleed,

For never, since the Son of God was slain,

Has blood so noble flowed from human vein,

As that which now, on God, for vengeance calls

From "Freedom's ground"—from Carthage] prison walls!

Oh! Illinois! thy soil has drunk the blood

Of Prophets, martyred for the truth of God.

Once loved America! What can atone

For the pure blood of innocence thou'st sown?

Were all thy streams in teary torents shed

To mourn the fate of those illustrious dead,

How vain the tribute, for the noblest worth

That graced thy surface, degraded earth!

Oh! wretched murd'rers! fierce for human blood!

You've slain the Prophets of the living God,

Who've borne oppression from their early youth,

To plant on earth the principles of truth.

Shades of our patriot fathers! Can it be?

Beneath your bloodstained flag of liberty!

The firm supporters of our country's cause

Are butchered, while submissive to her laws!

Yes, blameless men, defamed by hellish lies,

Have thus been offerd as a sacrifice

T'appease the ragings of a brutish clan,

That has defied the laws of God and man!

'Twas not for crime or guilt of theirs they fell;

Against the laws they never did rebel.

True to their country, yet her plighted fate

Has proved an instrument of cruel death!

Where are thy farfamed laws, Columbia, where

Thy boasted freedom—thy protecting care?

Is this a land of rights? Stern Facts shall say,

If legal justice here maintains its sway,

The official powers of state are sheer pretense,

When they're exerted in the Saints'defense.

Great men have fallen, and mighty men have died;

Nations have mourned their fav'rites and their pride;.

But two, so wise, so virtuous, great, and good,

Before on earth, at once, have never stood

APPENDIX TO HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 209

Since the creation. Men whom God ordained

To publish truth where error long had reigned,

Of whom the world itself unworthy proved.

It knew them not, but men with hatred moved,

And with infernal spirits have combined

Against the best, the noblest, of mankind.

Oh, persecution! shall thy purple hand

Spread utter destruction through the land?

Shall freedom's banner be no more unfurled?

Has peace, indeed, been taken from the world?

Thou God of Jacob, in this trying hour,

Help us to trust in thy Almighty power;

Support thy Saints beneath this awful stroke,

Make bare thine arm to break oppression's yoke.

We mourn thy Prophet, from whose lips have flowed

The words of life thy Spirit has bestowed;

A depth of thought no human art could reach,

From time to time rolled in sublimest speech,

From the celestial fountain, through his mind,

To purify and elevate mankind.

The rich intelligence by him brought forth,

Is like the sunbeam spreading o'er the earth.

Now Zion mourns, she mourns an earthly head;

The Prophet and the Patriarch are dead!

The blackest deed that men or devils know,

Since Calvary's scene has laid the brothers low.

One in their life, and one in death—they proved

How strong their friendship—how they truly loved.

True to their mission, until death they stood,

All hearts with sorrow bleed, and every eye

Is bathed in tears—each bosom heaves a sigh

Heartbroken widows'agonizing groans

Are mingled with the helpless orphans'moans!

Ye Saints! be still, and know that God is just,

With steadfast purpose in his promise trust.

Girded with sackcloth, own his mighty hand,

And wait his judgments on this guilty land!

The noble martyrs now have gone to move

The cause of Zion in the courts above.

The End.

TWO GOVERNING FORCES.

BY GEORGE A. LANGSTON, OF SALT LAKE CITY.

When man came on this earth, he began to be affected by two great powers. Since then, all mankind have been influenced by the

operation of the same forces, Love and Hate. These two influences

did not begin their existence simultaneously with the advent of man upon the earth; they have always existed. Their beginning

is as remote as eternity itself.

The history of the world has been determined by the varying degrees of influence exerted by these two forces. The lives of

individuals have been controlled according to which of these qualities predominated with them. All the truly great and good men

and women have been prompted, in the general course of their lives, right, love of humanity,by the potent influence of Love—love of

and, above all else, love of God and his works.

The demon Hate, was disclosed in the dread deed of the fratricide, Cain; and again, in the bloody work of a Herod in the

wholesale slaughter of infants, the brutal butchery of the babes of Bethlehem, when Herod sought the life of him who was the very embodiment of Love. The cruel tyrant Nero was a legitimate

product of Hate, inflicting savage torture and death for the sheer pleasure of watching the agony and suffering of his victims.

These two principles, Love and Hate, stand in exact contradistinction to each other. Together they embody the law of

opposites. They represent good and evil. The friction produced

by the contact of the two in operation, displays the ceaseless struggle between right and wrong. They are the most powerful

of all influences affecting mankind. Every emotion, desire or conception of the human heart is but a degree of one or the other of

TWO GOVERNING FORCES. 211

these two qualities. In view of the immense possibilities of'their

application, it is not an exaggeration to say, that the terms Love and Hate are by far the most important words in the languages of humankind. Operating upon the mind of man and of beast, the

scope of their influence is as boundless as God's universe. Matter

obeyed the quickening touch of Love, when Jehovah spake life to the dust of the earth. He breathed the breath of Love upon the

modelled clay, and man was created, and became a living soul.

Matter, thus illumined and radiant, bounded up, clothed upon with the principles of eternity.

Man, in his fallen condition, is probably more susceptible to the influence of Hate than of Love; and a casual acquaintance

with the events of history, especially when considered as mere occurrences, perhaps might justify the conclusion that Hate has been a more potent factor than Love in the affairs of mankind.

This is because historians have given greater space in the records to those events wherein Hate obtained to a conclusion. The

student of events is confronted with mountainous volumes recording violence and war, and celebrating the deeds of the conquerors in history; while the peacemaker, with praises feebly sung, is dismissed with a sentence. An example of this is furnished by the

historian Josephus, who devotes an entire book to the terrible scenes attending the siege of Jerusalem. He describes faithfully,

and with awful precision, the horrors of human strife, when the "Holy City"was encompassed by the mighty armies of'Rome, and red war hovered around all her walls, with civil strife raging within. The blushing heavens reflected the red glare, and the

blood of dying thousands flowed like water in her streets. Pestilence and famine claimed their full share, and tender mothers ate

their babes for hunger. This was the hour of Hate! Hideous and

bold, sullen and supreme, his sway. With grinning visage, he

stalked into the very temple of God, clovenfooted; he desecrated

the sacred sanctuary of Love.

Thus the historian records the triumph of Hate; while of

contemporaneous event—the greatestLove's greater conquest—a

victory ever won, the triumph on the Cross, we have not a word.

But time has revealed the greater victory of Love, vindicated the sacrifice on the Cross, and demonstrated the futility of Hate.

212 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Titus, the Roman general, subjected the Jews, and reduced

Palestine to a dependency. The "promised land"was devastated

and the "chosen people"ground under the heel of a foreign foe.

The Lord's anointed were despised by the Pagan, and Hate was enthroned and reigned supreme. Yet Home, with all her magnificence at home, and splendor abroad, with all her boundless empire, with her conquest and extortion, has faded and passed. Her

glories are now but memories, her struggles and hates but hoary tradition. The structure of Hate has crumbled and fallen.

How different with the victory of Love, as wrought out on

Calvary! How enduring the fruits of her conquest! Each succeeding generation has celebrated the triumph. Jesus brought the

message of Love into the world. He taught it as the basic principle of salvation, its effects as eternal. He proclaimed Love as

the foundation principle on which rested the government of God, the very philosophy of eternal life.

The influence of these teachings has widened with each succeeding generation, until now the whole civilized world is called

Christian. Passing millions reverence the. name of Jesus of Nazareth, and ten thousand temples bear his name in vindication of the

sacrifice he made, in vindication of a victory, every detail of which demonstrates the folly and emptiness of Hate.

The crucifixion of Christ, the ignominious death on the Cross, has been urged by objectors as an argument against the divinity of his mission in the world. Unable to conceive of divine truth and

commandment being reflected through the life of one who was the humblest of all beings, they reject the message which he bore.

Jesus, they argue, in becoming a victim to popular prejudice and human Hate, even to death, merely went the road of all things human, and could not within himself have been a revelation of

God. For God, say they, if there is such a being, must be all

powerful to the human conception, else he were not God; and anv

revelation of his word or will to mankind must be accompanied with infinite power and force, irresistible to all human agency hence, the tragedy of the Cross could never have been enacted.

They further argue that to make Jesus a divinely sent Savior, is also to make his agonizing death at the hands of an infuriated

TWO GOVERNING FORCES. 213

populace, a triumph of the finite over the infinite, a triumph of man over God, which thing is impossible.

This process of reasoning is erroneous, and comes from a wrong conception of Deity. It assigns to him the same disposition

in the premises as might be expected from man. The argument,

intending as it does to be an exposition of the divine nature, is in fact an exact reflection of human nature; for this is entirely

human, this is a truth as old as the world, power in possession of mankind is invariably accompanied by its abuse, by compulsion. It

does not follow that because God is all powerful, he cannot be patient and gentle; because he has all knowledge, he must force it

unappreciated upon the human mind. This abhorrent idea leaves

man a being entirely without agency, rushing forward in a set groove towards a condition in eternity which no act of his own can influence or change. Far more reasonable than this is it to believe

that there is a great Author of our being who designs to bring us up as his offspring, through a school of experience which prepares us for a rightful and lawful inheritance in his kingdom, and will make us proud of our immortal lineage as children of an Eternal

Father.

The plainest and grandest truth yet revealed to man is that it in the greatGod is Love. It permeates all nature. Man sees

creation. It stands out as the most prominent fact of all the

universe. Man cannot avoid this truth. It is spoken in the warmth

of the sun, instilling all nature with life; and in the stars of night,

twinkling light to the feet of man, while the earth rolls forward enveloped in darkness. The flowers and trees, the fields and haris Lovevests, soft breezes and gentle rains, tell man that God

Everything in all nature that contributes to the blessing and makes glad the heart of man, declares the Love of the Father for his children.

When we follow this conception of the Almighty, a flood of light breaks in on the mission of Jesus. He came in the character

of Love, declaring the message of peace. He did not force men

into heaven, nor yet thunder forth commandments which man would be powerless to break. He came submitting himself a voluntary

sacrifice for the sins of all the world, in answer to the demands of eternal justice. When his own people rejected him, and put him

214 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

to death, they demonstrated, at most, that the world was unworthy of him, that men had not yet learned the mockery of Hate. He

set the example of Love, boundless and unrestricted, as the only way of combatting Hate; and the ethics of Christendom, as based

on the moral teachings of the meek and lowly Nazarene, stand as a mighty testimony that his sacrifice was not in vain.

The mission of Christ was to introduce to the human family a plan which would bring them a real, tangible, spiritual and physical salvation. A plan which promises physical salvation, must admit

of a physical application. The principles of such a scheme must

become part of the everyday life of those they are to affect. A

religion for that must be one that can be lived every day.

Such a religion is the gospel of Jesus Christ. It comprehends

everything necessary to a full and complete salvation in all that the word implies. It is a plan of action and of ceremony combining

both theory and practice, both principle and ordinance. Yet the

entire plan, with precept and practice, principle and application, doctrine and organization, when simmered down, means simply

Love. This is the basic principle of the entire structure; the

practice of Love as the means of driving Hate from the earth.

If you would know the importance of the element of Love in this grand scheme of salvation, consider the reply of the Savior to the lawyer, as recorded in the 22nd chapter of Matthew: "Thou

shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbor

as thyself. On these two commandments hang all the law and the

prophets."These are the words of the Savior. Think of it. Every

law yet revealed to guide man into the port of salvation, every prediction ever uttered by inspired prophet pertaining to the present or future destiny of man, hangs on this supreme law, this grandest privilege—"thou shalt love."

How can men, who profess to believe the gospel, cherish hatred for their fellowmen? The mission of Hate is to obstruct and oppose all righteousness. It is destructive and damning in its effects.

Cast your eyes around and see who are its victims. Look in your

soaial circle, among your acquaintances. Are its victims those

that inspire you with confidence? Are they successful men and

TWO GOVERNING FORCES. 215

women, who hate their fellows? Do you respect and support the

man whom you know to be a character assassin; a backbiter and

slanderer? No; it is the man who is beaming with Love and good

fellowship whom you delight to sustain and honor. Even if the

hater does achieve a temporary eminence, it does not bring contentment or happiness, because the methods leading up to his position are an insecure foundation, and a constant reminder to him of the emptiness of Hate.

He would be accounted a fool, or suicide, who deliberately took into his system a poisonous, eating acid, which would surely gnaw away his vitals. Then is he not thrice a fool who poisDns

his soul with the acid of Hate, and destroys the better part of man?

The inspired prophet of old, looking with prophetic vision down into the future, saw a period in the history of the world when Hate would be entirely banished from the earth; when the wolf s'lould

lie down with the lamb, and the calf should dwell at peace with the lion; looking through the light of inspiiation, he saw the glorious

millennium of the earth, when the influence of Love would be so complete that the natural enmity even of wild beasts, could not prevail. This happy state can be brought about only by the practice of the gospel of Christ; for this gospel is the message of Love,

designed to gain the blessed result. This message has been renewed to the human family. It came direct from the throne of

Grace. The angel whom John saw flying through the midst of

heaven with the everlasting gospel to be restored to earth, has made his flight. He delivered the glad message to the Prophet

it. This Prophet in promulgatingwhom God raised up to receive

the message, met the concentrated hatred of the world. The message was opposed by every artifice of Hate, prejudice and slander,

and the mighty Prophet finally sealed his testimony with his blood.

But this seeming triumph of Hate failed of its object. It did not

stop the progress of God's purpose. The martyr Joseph, in fulfilment of the promise of Jesus, lost his life only to find it again,

forever renewed in the eternal worlds. The message he received,

the gospel of Christ, of Love, will go on with its work of redemption, until Hate shall be bound in everlasting chains. Out of the

darkness, Zion soon shall rise in her might, and stand forth in her 216 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

splendor, blazing in the light of God, triumphant in the power of

Love, an inspiration to all the universe.

PEACE FETTERS.

FOR THE ERA, BY BERTHA E. ANDERSON.

Further searching out man's mightiness than test of kingly stand,

Deeper rooted in his godliness than powers to command,

Or than triumph over empire that may languish in a day,

Is a furrow, narrow planted, deepened oft with rain of tears,

Reaching straightway onward, upward to the summit of the years,.

Where the watchword, overhanging 'mid the rockdomes, is Obey!

There are criers after liberty—defiers of restraint,

Who smother out the watchnote with the turmoil of their plaint,

And deep along the furrow, their swords have thrust their scars;

But a liberty defiant to the peace decreed to earth

Is the answer crushing back upon the souls that yield it birth

And, sublime above the tumult, gleam the fetters of the stars.

Children of the Law's vast alone are free, order—yielding—they

As the pines that crown the summits, and the sands that stay the sea; Whilst the earthworm grovels blindly in the freedom of decay;

Free as are the planetmonarchs—symbols of celestial heirs

For the pathway of obedience hath its orbit linked with theirs,

And the peace of Him who measures, hides the bonds in priestly sway;

is no peace disrupted from the bondage of His will; Peace—there

E'en the waves and winds ebb silent 'neath the solemn, "Peace, be still!"And the worlds that rule the ages plow but one eternal field.

Freedom hath their chaff and stubble, borne to chaos on its wings;.

Fetters have their sons of promise, raised to leadership of kings,

And the triumph of the Master crowned in mightiness to yield.

TEA, COFFEE, COCOA AND CHOCOLATE.

THE EVIL EFFECTS OF THEIR POISON UPON THE HUMAN

SYSTEM.

BY U. L. GARDNER, M.D., SALT LAKE CITY.

[There are many who know that tea and coffee are injurious to health, but it is generally believed that cocoa and chocolate are not harmful drinks. The writer, a well known practicing physician, was requested

by Miss Helen Mar Kimball, a student of the Latterday Saints'University, to give his opinion upon the subject, which he has done in the following article, for which the Era is indebted to Miss Kimball. We believe

the contents of the paper are worthy of careful consideration. In this

connection, these words from a French paper, translated for Good Health, are to the point: "Alcoholic insanity is increasing with great rapidity in

Paris. Alcohol is perhaps more active than any other agent in producing human degeneracy, and is one of the most direct and potent causes

of criminality and insanity. TI13 children of drunkards are very liable

to be epileptic and idiotic, as well as criminal. The children of alcoholdrinking parents, when young, do not appear different from other children, but about the age of puberty their criminal instincts begin to

manifest themselves * * * Careful observations have shown again and again that there is an intimate relation between diet and alcoholism;

especially that tea, coffee, and condiments lead to the use of alcohol.

It has also been demonstrated that flesheating creates a thirst for alcoholic beverages and an appetite for tobacco, the use of which almost invariably leads, sooner or later, to the use of alcohol in one form or another."Editors.]

The vast number of teapots in constant requisition in all civilized countries of the globe, warrants the supposition that in 218 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the estimation of the tea drinking public, at least, the teapot is an indispensable culinary utensil, and the steaming decoction which it contains, an innocent or necessary beverage.

The object of this article is to call attention to the fact, that the revelations of modern scientific researches, as well as the observations of scientific physicians in various parts of the world, have found in tea and its congeners—coffee, cocoa, chocolate, etc.

causes of serious disease.—active

Tea contains two harmful and tannin substances,—theine

from three to six per cent of theine, and more than onefourth its weight of tannin. Coffee contains both theine and tannin, though

in less proportion than in tea. Cocoa and chocolate contain a substance similar to theine, which is equally harmful, though usually

present in less proportions than in tea.

It will surprise many devotees of the cup to be told that these common beverages contain a violent poison; but such is the

fact. Theine has been separated from both tea and coffee, and

experiments have been made with it which show most conclusively that it is a deadly poison, capable of producing immediate death in both human beings and lower animals.

Theine belongs to the same class of poisons as strychnine, and is still more closely allied to cocaine. The last named drug is

obtained from cocoa leaves, which are used in South America as tea is in this country, and with =the same effects. The results of

cocaine, upon those who become habituated to its use, are found to be more terrible than those of any of the numerous vile drugs which have been longer known, not excepting opium or alcohol.

Theine is almost identical with cocaine, both in its chemical composition and in its effects. If these beverages contain such a

poison, why do they not produce fatal results more frequently than they do? We simply answer, because a tolerance of these

drugs is established by use, just as in the case of tobacco and morphine.

In classing these favorite beverages with causes of dyspepsia, we shall certainly call forth a loud protest from the numerous devotees of the "fragrant cups,"and among the number of those who argue for their use, we shall find numerous learned professors, as well as nearly the whole sisterhood of the wives, maidens, mothTEA, COFFEE, COCOA AND CHOCOLATE. 219

ers and grandmothers of the nation, along with a good proportion of the husbands, fathers, brothers, and grandfathers, as well.

Nevertheless, it can be easily shown that whatever action may be assigned to these beverages, it is unfavorable to digestion rather than otherwise. Both tea and coffee contain tannin, which

precipitates or neutralizes the pepsin of the gastric juice, and so weakens its digestive power. Theine and caffiene, the active principles of tea and coffee, are toxic elements, which at first increase

and then diminish vital action, thus occasioning debility of the digestive organs, from long continued use.

Both tea and coffee are objectionable, on the same ground as other beverages, in connection with meals, on account of disturbing the digestion by dilution and consequent weakening of the gastric juice, and overtaxing the absorbents, delaying the digestion of the food, and thus giving rise to fermentation. When taken

hot, as is the usual custom, these beverages, as do others, at first stimulate, but ultimately relax and debilitate the stomach.

The objections mentioned as applying to tea and coffee may be urged with equal force against cocoa and chocolate, the effects of which differ from the effects of tea and coffee chiefly in degree.

Cocoa and chocolate contain an active poisonous substance called theobromine, which is closely related chemically to theine of tea, and the effect upon the system is practically identical to that of tea and coffee.

The nervous, palefaced, anaemic girl is an unmistakable evidence of the poisonous effects of cocoa, chocolate and tea, the tannin of which unites with the iron in the food, and forms a tannate of iron, thus robbing the blood of one of its most important elements. This newly formed substance, tannate of iron, is turned

loose in the system, becoming an irritant to the sensitive nervecentres, producing extreme nervous irritability, and prepares the way for numerous constitutional diseases.

Why this persistent clamoring for drink of any kind with the meal? It always tends to diminish the activity of the natural

digestive secretions, especially interfering with the process of salivary digestion in the mouth. If we wash our food down with

drink of any kind, the saliva is not permitted to do the preparatory work of changing the starch to a form of dextrin or sugar;

220 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

hence, the raw unchanged starch, which cannot be acted upon in the stomach, is carried into the more sensitive organs of digestion, the intestines, where it forms a gaseous fermentation, and causes constipation, which in turn causes poisonous substances to be absorbed and carried into the blood; and nervousness, rheumatism,

and many other allied diseases is the result.

The man who persists in the abuse of his stomach and nervous system, by using these nervedestroying drugs or beverages, must of necessity spend many wakeful hours meditating on the truthfulness of the statement, "The way of the transgressor is hard."In closing, I wish to emphasize the fact that cocoa and chocolate, which are so extensively used and looked upon by the public as not only harmless beverages but as useful food substances, are capable of causing greater evil than does tea or coffee, for the simple reason, that tea and coffee are becoming to be looked upon with suspicion, and the tea and coffee devotees now pride themselves with the fact that they do not use their tea or coffee strong, but only color the water. But as cocoa and chocolate are

considered to be wholesome, they do not limit the free use of these deceitful as the man who prides himself on beverages—just

being able to use intoxicating liquors without becoming drunk, exerts a far greater damaging influence than does the man who cannot stop drinking until he is dead drunk and falls in the ditch, or staggers and reels on the sidewalk, and exhibits the intellest only of a brute beast.

The former says to the rising young generation, by his actions and influence, that they cannot partake of the intoxicating cup and still retain their manhood; while the latter, by his

slothful disgusting conduct and influence, says: "Beware of the

cup; don't do as I do;"and the sober, decent young man looks

upon him with disgust and abhorrence.

Thus, often, the less of two evils is capable of exerting a more harmful influence than the greater.

SOME LEADING EVENTS IN THE CURRENT

STORY OF THE WORLD.

BY DR. J. M. TANNER, SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH SCHOOLS.

Progress of the "Mormon"Colonies in Canada.

For the last two years, no colony, under process of settlement by the Latterday Saints, has awakened so much interest as that of Canada. The country is interesting from the standpoints both

of speculation and agriculture. Numbers of men have amassed, in

a short time, a very comfortable income from speculative ventures, while others enjoy most excellent prospects for future growth of a substantial and lasting character. Yet, many have become discouraged and left, while others have no use for the country at all.

A man said to me in LeGrande, Oregon, last summer: "Canada is no place for a poor man who has nothing with which to buy

cattle. Year after year, my grain was so frosted that 1 could not

market it."And yet, this year the four leading towns produced

good marketable grain to the amount of six hundred and twentyfive thousand bushels. Wheat sells for about fifty cents a bushel.

In the western part of the country, where the Saints are located, frost seems to be the most dangerous enemy to the crops. In the

eastern parts, the lack of water and the dangers of drouth, seem greater than in the west.

No exact statistical report of the population and products of the country can be had. I, therefore, asked a business man, who

is in a position to know well the conditions of all the colonies, to give me a conservative estimate. The following are his figures for

this year: 222 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

COLONIES. POPULATION. BUSHELS OF GRAIN RAISED.

Cardston & District... 3,000 250,000

McGrath 800 150,000 Raymond 800 150,000 Sterling 500 75.000

Total 5,100 Total 625,000

The country is full of coal, and the only question of great importance connected with its use is one of transportation. But

railway building is going on. The Old Gait road, from Great Falls

to the Canadian line, has been bought by the Great Northern, and the narrow gauge will be replaced by a standard gauge, by the first of the year. A standard gauge will run to Lethbridge, from the

boundary line, and the track will be standard to the sugar factory, in Raymond. Surveying parties are passing through the country,

and the people are full of speculations about future railroad building.

Hay is limitless, and is cut from the prairies. In quality it is,

of course, not like redtop or timothy, though I am told that timothy will grow well here. The grass, though abundant, is not so strong

as that grown in Utah.

The cattle are all fat during the fall season of the year, and are seen in great herds in every direction. I am told that our

people own at least twentyfive thousand head. They also own

eighty thousand head of sheep. There are, on the contrary, those

who contend that Canada is not really a sheep country, owing to the deep snows which sheep will not dig through for grass, like cattle do. Hogs are raised in considerable numbers. They have

a good range in the summer, and can easily withstand the cold winters.

There are no trees, and yet lumber is not dearer at this time, than in Utah. I am told that along the railroad, lumber is worth,

in the rough, about twentythree dollars a thousand, while finishing lumber brings about thirtyfive dollars per thousand. The houses

are mostly frame, though a good quality of brick can be had. There

is a tendency now in Cardston to build more of brick, while new towns use lumber almost entirely.

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 223

Business everywhere seems to be booming. I am told that

Cardston alone did four hundred thousand dollars'worth of business last year. The railroad is fifteen miles east of the town, and will

reach the place before long. Then its volume of business will, undoubtedly, increase. One of the Cardston stores has a fine stock

of goods, employs eleven or twelve clerks, and carries a stock of forty thousand dollars. There is a mill in the place with a capacity of ninety barrels a day, and which cost seventeen thousand

dollars. In Raymond, the new rollermill will have a capacity of

one hundred and fifty barrels a day, and will cost not less than thirty thousand dollars. Its elevator now contains forty thousand

bushels of wheat. The proposed sugar factory is to be built at

Raymond, and is to be in operation by September, 1903. Raymond

has the advantage of having such men as Brothers Jesse Knight, of

Provo, and E. P. Ellison, of Layton. The sugar factory, it is said,

will cost about half a million. It is certainly a venture, there being

some problems connected with it whose solution must be worked out by experience. One question is labor. It is scarce. Another

is transportation to the markets large enough to consume its products. And yet another is moisture.

Few men would have ventured so great an undertaking.

Brother Knight is hopeful, and what is most creditable to him is the feeling he has that he is going to help greatly in building up the country. He has large tracts of land which he is selling to

settlers, on terms that seem quite reasonable and fair. The people

universally have the fullest confidence in his public spirit and fairness. Certainly, he is in a position to monopolize the vast resources

at his command. Nobody, so far as I could learn, feels the least

concern about any disposition on his part to take the least advantage of the settlers. Their confidence in his policy and public

spirit is all that could be desired. He is certainly a great factor in

Canada, in the development of its great resources. Raymond is

really an enterprising town, for a place having only one year's age behind it. "Well, what do you think of our country?"comes to you from

every one. "It is a great country,"I responded. "But people are not

agreed about its advantages."

224 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

One woman, with whom I rode on the train, said: "You will

find more homesick women than you ever saw anywhere else."

''Are you homesick?"I asked.

"Indeed I am,"was the reply.

"What is the reason for this unhappy condition?"I further

queried. "Oh it is so far away from everywhere,"she continued. "Just

think I haven't seen my mother, and the folks in Utah, since I came here three years ago."Others did not seem to be so afflicted with

homesickness.

The weather has been delightful ever since I came, and when

I compliment the people on their beautiful climate, some of them express the hope that I may get a little experience in one of their

Canadian blizzards. If you n eet one, with a touch of homesickness, the picture of a blizzard leaves nothing to complete a description of an arctic scene. One woman said she didn't like the rain.

"Why,"said she, "last summer it beat right through my door, right through the wood, and soaked my carpet nearly to the stove."

"You had a severe rain storm here, then, last summer,"I remarked.

"Rain storm! it rained all summer, and how it did rain! it

came down in torrents."

"An unusually wet summer?"I suggested.

"My, I hope so,"she said. "It killed our horses and cattle and

sheep. It came down in torrents in Cardston, washed some of the

houses in the river bottom away, and did lots of damage."

From what I can learn, the damage from the floods the past summer was not less than fifty thousand dollars.

The people have certainly made great improvements, since I was here five years ago. The population has doubled within the

last two years. Cardston was settled about the time of the location of Juarez, in Mexico. There is really not much difference in

the general appearance of the homes, though Cardston shows much greater business activity. Its stores and workshops give the place

greater life than that seen in Juarez. Juarez, however, has better

schools, and her young people are more advanced educationally.

The schools in the grades, in Canada, are really good, but nothing is done beyond the eighth grade. The average and general attendCURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 225

ance in Cardston is lower than in Juarez. A boy is too valuable

an asset in the north to send from the field to the school room, early in the school season. But the people of Cardston are ambitious educationally, and are determined to do more for education.

They are taking steps to establish a high school. The new settlements strongly favor education, and are laying plans for superior

schools. They are too young to be compared with other sections,

Education is a resource which no country can afford to overlook. I picked up a school report, the other day, in which the

value of education as a wealth producer was strikingly set forth.

In Massachusetts, each child receives an average of seven years'schooling, while each child in the United States, as a whole, receives but four and threetenths years. The ratio is seventy to fortythree. The wealthproducing power in Massachusetts, of each

man, woman, and child was seventythree cents a day, while in the country as a whole, it was only thirtythree cents a day. The

average annual excess in. Massachusetts was eightyeight dollars

and seventyfour cents. It meant that the total product of Massachusetts was two hundred million dollars a year greater than it

would have been,had the state earned no greater per capita amount than the rest of the country. The people of Massachusetts have

long been great believers in education as a wealthproducer.

But education has a value not to be computed in dollars and cents. To the Latterday Saints, it is intended to be the instrumentality of the moral and spiritual welfare of the people. The

people who came to Canada were poor. Their sturdy efforts have

been richly rewarded; and, after all, the hope of the people centers

more strongly in their children than in anything else. It may,

perhaps, be just to say that more young people have gone from

Canada to Utah for higher education than have gone from Juarez.

However, the school at home is the potent factor which must be reckoned with, in the general intellectual advancement of the people.

In Canada, the people of the dominant church may teach religion a half hour each day in school; provided, the children of the

minority churches be not compelled to attend the religious instructions.

226 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The World's New Girdle.

Another achievement was added to this age of wonders, when, on October 31, 1902, the last mile of cable from Vancouver to

Australia was laid. This last link in the girdle of the world is the

longest uninterrupted length of cable ever dropped into the ocean.

The span from Vancouver to Fanning Island is three thousand five hundred and sixtyone miles. Mr. Chamberlain has been an important factor in this new undertaking, through which electricity

conveys, by its instantaneous action, human intelligence around the globe. England has now girdled the world by her cables. Her

commerce, past and future, made the cable a necessity, and the whole civilized world is now in the closest touch. What a wonderful advancement it is to convert millions of people and millions of

square miles into a neighborhood. We may read every morning

what transpires in the most distant parts of the world. This

grand achievement has hardly been announced before we begin to ask ourselves whether the cable is to be superseded by wireless telegraphy, now in process of development.

The circle of the globe, if we begin at Vancouver, runs in a southwesterly direction to Norfolk Island, by way of the Fanning and Fiji Islands, thence west to Australia. It passes through Australia, in a northerly direction, to Singapore; thence across India

to Bombay. It then crosses the Indian ocean to Aden, on the Red

Sea, and follows the Suez Canal to the Mediterranean, and then over to Gibraltar. From this English fort, it traverses the ocean

just west of France to England, and crosses the Atlantic to St.

Johns, Nova Scotia, and then on through Canada to Vancouver.

This is truly an age of marvels. We no sooner wonder at one,

than we are led to ask, what next?

Cuban Prosperity.

The message of President Palma of Cuba shows that the receipts of the government for the current year are seventeen million five hundred and thirteen thousand eight hundred dollars, and that there will be a surplus over expenditures of two million six hundred and thirteen thousand eight hundred and eightysix dollars. The

president is quite optimistic, and says that good order prevails, and that the sanitary conditions of the Island are good. His decCURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 227

laration that the relations with the United States are especially cordial will be well received in this country. It is to be hoped

that Cuba will not let her disappointment over her failure to get our tariff on Cuban sugar reduced, last winter, lessen the feeling of gratitude that should exist there toward the United States. We

have been generous to Cuba.

The Daukhobors.

In Southeastern Russia for a number of years, the government of the Czar has had trouble with a people called Daukhobors, because of their peculiar belief and practices. They are very

similar to Quakers, and refuse to bear arms, as they do not believe in the shedding of blood, under any circumstances. They also

refused to obey certain civil requirements, when they interfered with their belief. The Russian government is very intolerant to

any who do not yield immediate obedience to its demands. The

Daukhobors positively refused, and many of their leaders were exiled to Siberia. They are a good, sober, industrious, class of

people, and their treatment seemed hard, so much so that Tolstoi was led to champion their cause. It was a religious intensity,

and the government found it necessary to give some attention to it, and yet its laws must be obeyed.

Finally, these Russian Quakers appealed to the Canadian government for land and a place of refuge. Canada welcomed them,

and set them apart a district of thirtysix miles in the Territory of Assiniboin, near Yorktown, in a northwesterly direction from

Winnipeg. The Daukhobors have been in the Territory about four

years, and have been a very industrious and prosperous people.

In their religion, however, they have been extremis cs, and latterly they have grown wild. Their creed has become a sort of mania,

by which they lost their reason, and, consequently, their selfcontrol.

Unexpectedly, October 29, the announcement came that something like 1,800 of these were on the march from their homes, which they had abandoned, toward Manitoba. The weather

was freezing cold, and there were in the company about 1,100 womsn and children. It is said that one baby was born on a

Monday, and the mother was up and on the march the next day.

228 IMPR0VEMEN1 ERA.

Some were traveling barefooted, and without sufficient clothing to protect them from the rigorous climate.

Where were they going? What did it all mean? Their

reply was: "We are looking for new light, we are looking for

Jesus."They were going to meet Jesus, they told the officer who

inquired about their destination.

"And where then?"asked the officer.

"We don't know,"was the reply.

Of course, many remained in their villages, and tried to persuade their fellow religionists to remain. The wanderers left

their grain and other belongings just where they were.

They proclaim a perfect freedom even for their horses; they

do not eat meat or the products of animals; they turned their

horses loose. All animals are safe with them. They would not

even kill a mosquito, but give it a gentle warning to leave. They do

not believe in physical laws, and take no stock in a criminal code that may be drawn by man. They declare that God is the only lawgiver.

As these people approached Manitoba, its premier protested to the central government against the Daukhobors coming any farther. Thereupon, special steps were taken to control their

movement. A train was sent to take them back. There was some

protest against their return, but wherever a leader was refractory, the police took him up bodily and carried him into the train.

Others were pushed along. Finally they were gotten back to their

villages where it his hoped they will subside from their wild excitement. The leaders, however, declare that they will migrate

when spring comes. They have written letters to South American

states asking for admission.

Count Tolstoi, and other European friends, have written them expostulating with them on the foolishness of giving up their animals and animal food, and clothes taken from animals. The

Canadian government has shown great leniency and good judgment in dealing with their eccentricities. This wild excitement will

doubtless lead Canada, in the future, away from her course of encouraging so many nationalities to settle in her dominion,

The Galatians, I am told, have not been altogether satisfactory as colonists, and the Minonites do not easily adjust themselves to

Canada's educational system.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

LOOKING FOR EASY WORK.

I have often thought of the undesirableness of the young men of our community seeking for light employments, and lucrative positions, without regard to manual and mechanical skill, and knowledge and ability in agriculture.

None can deny that there is too great a tendency among the young men, especially in our larger cities, to seek the lighter employments. Politics, law, medicine, trade, clerking, banking are

all needful and good in their place, but we need builders, mechanics, farmers, and men who can use their powers to produce something for the use of man.

Salaried positions, in which little responsibility is required, are well enough for young men who are making a beginning, but it should be the ambition of all to get out and take upon themselves responsibility, and to become independently themselves becoming producers, and skillful workers.

If life is valuable in comparison with the experience we obtain, every youth will increase the worth of his life in proportion to the new obstacles that he is enabled to conquer. In a routine,

there are no difficulties to encounter; neither is there profit to the

mind or body in the sameness of dependent positions. But let the

man who would grow and develop, go forth into the practical and productive ways of life. These will lead to broadmindedness and

independence, while the other road ends in narrowness and dependence.

And here also, a word to parents who have daughters. Are you

fitting them for the practical duties of mother and wife, that they may in due time go out and make homes what they should be? Or,

are you training your daughters to play the lady by making them accomplished in flourishes, and expert in ostentatious embellishments? Is mother doing all the work? If you say yes, to the last

230 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

two questions, you are not doing your full duty to your child. For,

while accomplishment and polished grace, attainments in music and art, and a knowledge of the sciences, are good and useful in their place, it is not intended that these shall replace the common labors of life. Where children are so trained, their parents have done

them a positive injustice, of which both the children and the parents may live to be ashamed.

While we are educating our children in all that may be termed the beautiful in science and art, we should not fail to insist that they shall learn to do practical things, and that they do not despise the common labors of life. Any other course toward them is an

injustice to the boys and girls, as well as to ourselves and the community in general.

I believe the morals of the people will improve as skill in workmanship and productive labors, is acquired. Parents, too, will

find it easier to govern and control their children, if these are trained in useful manual labor. We shall not then witness the sad

spectacle of young men loafing about our cities hunting for some easy place that just suits their notions of work, which, if they can not find, they will not labor at all, but go without in idleness.

Mischief and devilment, frequently so common because the hands are unemployed, will decrease, and better order will prevail.

Thus, while not decrying education in the aesthetic sense, I think it is a serious duty devolving upon parents and those who have educational matters in hand to provide a supplemental if not a coordinate course in practical labor, for every boy and girl, which shall make them proficient in handiwork, and enable them to expend their powers in the production of something for the material use and benefit of man. Joseph F. Smith.

A NEW YEAR'S WARNING.

In these prosperous times, when money is easily obtained, people become reckless in its expenditure. Luxuries are indulged in.

Expenses that would appal a man in times of depression are now met with little consideration. Almost any scheme appeals to individuals as one safe to invest dollars in. Money is borrowed

without thought of how it is to be repaid. Mortgages are carelessly executed. Many things are purchased which might almost

EDITOR'S TABLE. 231

as well be dispensed with. Enterprises are established and carried

on, with nothing but prospects and credit to back them. Money is

easily made and more easily spent. When men who are now in

debt obtain means, they are not satisfied to spend it in canceling their obligations, but use their money, and as much more as they can borrow, to invest in speculative enterprises, believing they can see splendid returns. And so one might enumerate a thousand

ways in which the good times which we now enjoy, blind men's eyes with their glittering allurements of prospective wealth.

In all this action,a word of caution to the young men, and to the Saints in general, is not out of place. Many remember the

crash that followed the inflation of 1890-3, for there are quite a number of grayhaired men in our community who have constantly borne heavy burdens since then because of it. That experience

should be a lesson now. What should it teach? In the first place,

it should be a lesson to us not to build enterprises without solid support. It should teach us to pay our debts while money is easy

to obtain; to be careful and economical in our expenditures; to

reach out in new speculations only so far as we can see our way clear to pay and let go, in case of storm. If we can get along

with the old house, for another year, perhaps if the good times continue, we may then be able to pay cash for the new one, and thus make a large discount; on the other hand, if we build it now,

the highest price must be paid for all the material, and we must borrow money on a mortgage, and run the risk of losing the whole, should an unexpected money stringency suddenly appear. Remember that a thousand dollars worth of property now, mav go for a

hundred when the storm comes. And then, if there should be no

storm, we are still safe, and will make more money by waiting.

What is said of the house, applies with equal force to other things that you wish to purchase or invest in. It applies to

the farmers with their old wagons, machines, and farm implements;

to the clerks who contemplate investing in real estate, and a thousand and one other objects, on the installment plan; it applies

to the mechanic, artisan, and merchant, who are reaching out to expand and enlarge their trade facilities and businesses; and to tb.3

bishops and authorities of the Church, in their public affairs and undertakings. t Not that energy and enterprise should be discour232 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

aged, but that caution should be exercised, and care taken that the bounds of the possible are not overstepped.

Nationally and locally, business is whirling at a fearful speed, and much is being done on credit, without solid backing. Railroads,

and combinations of all kinds, are reaching out with what appears heedless recklessness, and speculation is rife in everything and everywhere. Some day the money kings will wake up alarmed, and

begin to pull the reins on the steeds of speculation; it is then the

borrower will first feel the check. We owe it to ourselves, to be

so situated that the bit shall not injure us too much. Let us abide

where we can safely "get out from inunder."Our safety lies in

having the money to uphold our projects; and in being out of

debt as far as possible.

May the new year bring peace, blessings, and prosperity to the Saints, and to the honest in heart, the world over.

Joseph F. Smith.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.

A Member's First Duty.

What is the first duty a man should attend to, where his duties in the Church conflict? For example, where a general quorum meeting

conflicts with one called by the president of a stake, or bishop of a ward.

There should be no need of conflict. It is well known that a

president of a stake has jurisdiction over every member of his stake; as a bishop, under the president, has over his ward. Members of general quorums must take other days and hours for special

quorum meetings than such hours as are already set aside for regular or special stake or ward meetings. The first duty of Seventies,

as well as members of all other quorums, and of auxiliary organizations, is to honor their membership in the Church, as they can not magnify their priesthood unless they are good members.

On the other hand, presidents of stakes and ward bishops will find it to their advantage, and to the advancement of their work, to encourage the workers of every organization and quorum, and the work of each should be so distributed among members that one man shall not have too many duties. The best results accrue where

many men are called, and where each man has his given duty to perform. The harmful practice of loading one man with too much

EDITOR'S TABLE. 233

to do, with too many offices, is thus avoided. In this connection,

a word of caution is not amiss to those who have the selection of officers, or men for position. It is very important that men fitted

for the place should be chosen. It is not best, for instance, to

select a young man whose sole desire 13 to work in the Sunday school, to preside over the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association; nor to select a good leader to be a follower, nor a follower

to be a leader. Good judgment should be exercised and a knowledge of men displayed, if the best results are to be attained.

Calling in the Priesthood.

Does an elder, by virtue of his priesthood have the authority to baptize whenever and whomsoever he may wish, or must he act under the direction of some presiding authority?

He must act under presiding authority. While he has authority to baptize, always, it would be improper for him to exercise

such authority, in an organized ward or branch of the Church, without being called by proper presiding authority to act in his office and priesthood. If he is abroad, the presiding authority of

the Church has called him; but even then, he is subject to the presiding authority of the mission in which he labors. There is quite

as much need to properly recognize one's calling in the Church, as one's authority, for without the calling, the authority to baptize and perform many other labors, lies dormant. Men may have different

callings, but the same priesthood and authority. A member of a

quorum has just as much priesthood or authority as his president, but his calling is different, and it would not be right for him to act in quorum capacity without a call from his presiding brother.

How to Decide Doctrinal Questions.

Where two writers, in as many Church works, hold to different opinions on a question, as is sometimes the case, how am I to know which is correct, or which is the view held by the Church?

The revelations of God are the standards of correctness. When

a difference appears in writers, the enquirer must reach the truth by examination from that standpoint. If it can not be reached by

the word of the Lord in the standard Church works: the Bible,

Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, and Pearl of Great

Price, the enquirer must wait until it shall please the Father to give more light on the subject by revelation.

OUR WORK.

CONJOINT MEETING OF GENERAL BOARDS.

New Offices.

At a conjoint meeting of the General Boards of the Young Men's and

Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations, held on Wednesday,

December 10, 1902, a committee was appointed to secure adjoining quarters for the offices of the Era and Young Woman's Journal, with an idea to obtain more commodious and convenient rooms to serve the purposes of the growing business of the associations. It was also considered that

by having the offices in adjoining quarters, more attention could be paid, and more accommodation be given, to visiting members of the mutual improvement associations. The committee consists of Ann M Cannon,

Adella W. Eardley, Edward H. Anderson and Thomas Hull.

Use of Preliminary Programs.

At this same meeting, a resolution was passed as follows, which the officers of the Young Men are specially requested to note: Kesolved,

that the General Board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations emphasize the fact that the preliminary programs, as outlined in the manual 1902-3, are merely suggestive, and they are in no wise binding upon the Young Ladies'Associations, but the young ladies are merely invited to adopt the same, if they are agreeable thereto.

Annual Conventions.

It was decided by the General Boards of the Young Men's and Young

Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations, in this conjoint session:

"That, beginning with next year, conventions of the officers of the Young

Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations be held in the fall, at the same time and place, according to appointment; and that

annual conjoint conferences be held at the most opportune season."This

resolution in no way changes arrangements heretofore in vogue among

OUR WORK. 235

the Young Men, but merely gives notice that hereafter, when the Young

Men's conventions are held, the Young Ladies will also call conventions of their officers. The meetings will be held separately,and separate lineg

of study and action will be considered, unless it shall develop that some matters shall require the attention of a conjoint meeting of the officers, in which case such meeting may be held: or, the two associations may

join in a general public meeting on the evening of the day of the convention.

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION IN CHICAGO.

Apostle Abram 0. Woodruff has recently returned from a fruitful

mission in the Southwestern and Northern States Missions. He reports

the work of the Lord progressing favorably, and an earnest spirit among the missionaries. Speaking of Mutual Improvement affairs, he says that

the Era is doing a splendid work in those districts, and that there is a very successful mutual improvement association in Chicago.

THE GENERAL MISSIONARIES.

The Mutual Improvement General Missionaries, called to labor this season in the various stakes, met in Salt Lake City, Thursday, November 20, 1902, and were set apart and received instructions for their missions.

Three meetings were held in the Fourteenth Ward assembly rooms, morning, afternoon and evening. Fortytwo of the brethren responded

to the call and were in attendance. Elder J. W. McMurrin, of the General Board Missionary Committee, was in charge, and was assisted at the

morning meeting, devoted to instructions, by Elders B. F. Grant and

Thomas Hull of the committee, and Elders Henry S. Tanner and Nephi L,

Morris of the General Board. At the afternoon session Elders George

Teasdale, John W. Taylor, and Matthias F. Cowley, were present and set

the brethren apart, assisted by Elders Frank Y. Taylor, Willard Done and

members of the Missionary Committee. The missionaries were bright,

intelligent and earnest young men, many of them experienced mutual improvement association workers, with knowledge of missionary work in the world. A good spirit was manifested at all the meetings. After

the evening session, refreshments were served, and an entertaining social communion was enjoyed until about 10 o'clock.

The elders left in fine spirits, on the following day, for their fields of labor, as follows:

236 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

MISSIONARY S NAME. HOME STAKE. FIELD OF LABOR.

Edwin Leavitt Alberta Benson Frank Jacobs Alpine Union Harry Horsley Bannock Star Valley

Ole Swenson Bear Lake Sevier George Parkinson Beaver Parowan

John E. Griffin Benson Big Horn

Jos. I. Reid Big Horn Cassia

Henry Boyce Bingham Beaver J. C. Cutler Box Elder Summit

R. A. Berry Cache St. Johns

A. Gardner Jewkes Emery Uintah

Frank McGavin Fremont Bannock Daniel B. Jones Granite Juarez

W. P. Murray Hyrum Bingham

Chas. Cundick Jordan Hyrum

Thos. C. Romney Juarez Weber

F. G. Carroll Kanab Wasatch

Daniel M. Williams Malad San Luis

Alvin Stewart Maricopa Millard

George k. Black Millard Alberta

Byron Porter Morgan Fremont Brigham Gardner Nebo North Sanpete

W. E. Stokes North Davis Morgan

L. C. Rasmussen North Sanpete Utah

John J. Webster Parowan Snowflake

Jonathan G. Biggs San Juan Kanab

Frank Wilson San Luis Box Elder

Chris Hyldahl Sevier St. George

John F. Lundquist Snowflake South Sanpete

Jas. Mickelson South Sanpete Alpine

Daniel Wood Star Valley Emery Geo. W. Worthen St. George Wayne

Wallace Wiggs St. Johns Maricopa

S. Samuel Green St. Joseph Nebo

R. W. Maxwell Summit Tooele

John M. Davidson Teton Bear Lake

Owen H. Barrus Tooele North Davis

Victor Billings Uintah Teton T. L. Schofield Union Malad

Geo. Meldrum Utah Jordan

Jas. C. Murdock Wasatch St. Joseph

Isaac H. Taylor Wayne Davis

We believe these brethren will do a good work, and we bespeak for them the kind treatment and consideration of Church authorities and members in all parts of Zion. May the Spirit of God be abundantly manifest in their mission, that our Father in Heaven may be glorified, and

his children blest and benefitted.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH.

BY THOMAS HULL, GENERAL SECRETARY OF Y. M. M. I. A.

Local—November 20—Karen Jensen, seventysix years old, an early

settler of Richfield, died on the 18th inst 21—Mary V.

Hempstead, born Pennsylvania July 27, 1832, died in Salt Lake 22—The decision of the High Council of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion in

the Rydman case is sustained by the First Presidency of the Church

Chief Tabby, of the Uintah Utes, recently died at the

White Rocks agency Lars Pearson, a pioneer of Mount

Pleasant, aged seventynine, died 23—Sarah Jane Creer,

born England, July 1, 1841, came to Utah with the handcart company of 1856, died in Spanish Fork 24—The Salt Lake Ministerial Alliance adopts resolutions protesting against the candidacy of

Reed Smoot for the Senate on the ground that he believes in polygamy and is a "Mormon"The Home Telephone Company of Salt

Lake was granted a franchise by the city council The official count shows that Murray decided to incorporate by seven majority 25—The 0. S. L. Railway incorporated a company for

the building of the Malad Valley Railway, Corinne to Malad 26—Mrs. Ruth A. Reese Kimball, widow of Heber C. Kimball, born

Pennsylvania, May 10, 1818, a pioneer of 1847, died in Salt Lake City 27—At a game of football the University of Utah team

was defeated by the Leland Stanford, California, team by a score of 35 to 11 28—The valuation of taxable property in Utah shows

an increase of $5,436,332 over 1901, when it was $112,583,130, against $118,019,462 now Fdw. D. Cox and wife, frozen while lost

for five days in the mountains near Mount Pleasant, are brought to Salt

Lake for treatment 29—Nathan F. Haworth, murderer

f Thomas Sandall, Layton, is sentenced at Farmington to be shot January 16.

December 1—A severe snowstorm passed over the state

F. Smith states to the Associated Press that the2—President Joseph

238 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Church does not sanction.or authorize, or perform marriages contrary to

law, and that the objection to Reed Smoot as a candidate for the Senate is without substantial reason or foundation The widow of

Amos J. Cummings visits Salt Lake 3—TheO. S. L. Ry.

announces that on January 1, its pension system for employees will go into effect i—Beet digging in Sanpete and Sevier is prevented by the continued snows and frosts The trial of expostmaster Charles Meighan, of Ogilen, was begun in the Federal Court

5—Work on the Utah Sugar Company's great million dollar factory on Bear River is being vigorously rushed, capacity 12,000

tons daily. The power plant will be 4000 horse power

Reports of earthquakes in Pine Valley continue to circulate, and considerable damage is done 6—Mrs. Edw. D. Cox died from the

result of exposure to the storm near Mount Pleasant..Professor Stanley Partridge, born Fillmore, November 17, 1871, a proficient

and promising young musician and composer, died in Provo loss of live stock is imminent owing to early snows in Sevier7—The

ounty 8—Utah and Wasatch counties'citizens hold a

meeting to devise plans to deal with the waters of Provo river

The Home Telephone Company, Heber M. Wells president, applies for a

franchise in Ogden 9—After eleven years of service, Grace

Emerson resigns as librarian of the Ogden Carnegie Library

John Burnett, born England, December 15, 1834, died in Kaysville; and

James Higginson, a pioneer school teacher of Spanish Fork, aged sixtynine, is dead at that place 10—Expostmaster Charles

Meighan was, by the jury in the Federal Court, convicted of embezzling $2656.13 from the general postal funds, Ogden 11—Word

was received of the death of Virginia Breeden Be*ry in Los Angeles, on the 10th. She was the daughter of Attorney General Breeden, and wife

of Lieut. J. F. Berry, Fort Douglas 12—Heavy and welcome snows are reported from all parts of Utah Mary

Huffman Elmer, born in Ohio seventythree years ago,a resident of Utah fifty years, died in Payson 13—The Brigham Young College Society

of American Archaeology has been organized in Logan, with Professor

James H. Linford president, the object being the systematic and scientific study of the Book of Mormon Mary Ann Adams,age eightyone,

a pioneer of Parowan, died Isaac M. Waddell died in Salt Lake City.

Joseph's Catholic cathedral at Ogden was dedicated with impres14—St.

sive ceremonies Louis Imhaus, of the new "Corianton"company, arrived from New York and announced plans for staging the play.

Domestic—November 11—The new Chamber of Commerce building

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 239

is opened in New York, President Roosevelt being present. After the

ceremony he starts for Mississippi to shoot bears 12—Leslie

Coombs, of Kentucky, is appointed U.S. minister to Guatemala, vice W.

G. Hunter, resigned 13—The twentysecond annual convention

of the American Federation of Labor begins in New Orleans 14—The Strike Commission begins its sessions for the hearing of testimony, in Scranton, Pa 17—King Oscar's decisionin the Samoan

question is made public in Washington, and is unfavorable to the United

States 20—Representatives of the Pacific Commercial Cable Co.

accept the terms prescribed by President Roosevelt for the construction of a transpacific cable line 23—The Philippine government

has further advanced the rate of exchange because of the continued decline in silver 24—The application of the Commercial

Cable Co. to construct a transpacific line is approved by President

Roosevelt 25—Negotiations for a canal treaty with Colombia

are suspended The President completes his message to Congress 26—Secretary Wilson orders a quarantine on New England cattle because of the footand-mouth disease 30—Captain Pershing, with 60 men, completes a march across the island of Mindanoa.

December 1—The second session of the 57th Congress begins

Admiral Dewey sails from Washington on the Mayflower to command the combined fleet in the Carribean Sea maneuvers 2—The

President's annual message is read to Congress: it treats the tariff,

trusts, reciprocity and currency. The President recommended the creation of a Department of Commerce; a general staff for the army; a

reorganization of the militia system; provision for more ships, more

men and more officers for the navy; the extension of rural free delivery;

the protection of forests and game; the strict reservation of agricultural lands for home builders; such treatment of the Indians as shall promote their ultimate absorption into the body of the people; and the

extension of the merit system in appointments to the District of Columbia and to the consular service 3—Negotiations for a Panama

canal treaty are resumed in Washington 5—Jules Cambon,

retiring7—ExSpeakerFrench ambassadorThomas toB. theReedUniteddied States,in Washingtonsails for Fiance

Thomas Nast, the famous cartoonist, died of yellow fever, in Guayaquil,

Ecuador 10—Galusha A. Grow, of Pennsylvania, seventynine

years old, delivers his valedictory in the House, after fifty years of public service Secretary Wilson asks Congress for a million dollars to stamp out the footand-mouth disease 11—Secretary

Hitchcock sends a bill to Congress providing for the protection of forest reserves '. 12—The House committee refused to report a resolution providing for a constitutional amendment prohibiting polygamy

14—Mrs. Ulysses S. Grant, born in St. Louis 1826, died in

Washington Forty thousand people witnessed the christening of theForeign.—Novembertranspacific cable and13—Theits bringingFrench tocoalshorestrikein Sanis practicallyFrancisco.ended

15—An Italian anarchist attempts the assassination of King Leopold of Brussels 17—A farewell banquet is tendered

240 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Colonial Secretary Chamberlain on the eve of his departure for South

Africa The ashes of Christopher Columbus are deposited in a special mausoleum in the cathedral of Seville, Spain 18

General UribeUribe assigns to American intervention the cause of the failureof the Colombian revolutionists The Cuban House elects an antiAmerican president of the chamber The Pope makes Monsignor Sbaretto apostolic delegate to Canada 19—London's

extensive and powerful defenses against attack in case of war are being is repealed in the Transvaal and the rushed 20—Martial law

Orange River colony 22—Herr Frederich H. Krupp, the great

German gunmaker, dies suddenly at his home near Essen A.

statue of Balsac is unveiled in Paris It is reported that joint action will be taken toward reprisals against Venezuela by Germany and Great Britain, and that it is understood the United State will extend no protection to Venezuela 23—The evacuation of Shanghai

by the European garrisons is begun Secretary Chamberlain and his wife sail for South Africa Silver drops in London and a new low price is established President Castro, Venezuela, says the revolution is dead, and he expresses a desire for friendly relations with the United States 26—England and Germany are

cruisers are ordered to Venezuelaabout to seize27—Threethe Venezuelanmore Germancustoms for the payment of their claims

At a parting interview, Emperor William presents AmbassaBritish Board of Agriculture closes the ports of the kingdom28—Thedor White with a gold medal of the empire for science and art

against cattle importations from New England states because of the footand-mouth disease 29—The Mad Mullah sends into the British

camp, with a defiant message, a train of supply camels captured from the British Professor Asser, arbitrator in the sealing cases at the Hague, decides that Russia must pay the damages for the seizure of American sealers in the Pacific.

is believed resigns 3—It December 1—The Corean cabinet

Great Britian and Germany have begun punitive measures against Venezuela The Mexican Congress is asked to pay the amount due the United States in the Pius Fund case 4—Germany and

England are preparing an ultimatum to present to Venezuela

The Sultan of Morocco beats the rebels led by the Pretender 5—Emperor William, in an address to workingmen at Breslau,

isbitterly attacks Socialism 6—A new Spanish ministryformed 7—Three more foreign war ships arrive at Guayaquil,

Venezuela 8—Great Britain and Germany present an ultimatum to Venezuela 9—The German and British fleets at La

Guayra seize four Venezuelan war ships 10—The great Nile

reservoir at Assouan, Egypt, is opened with much ceremony

The allied forces land marines at La Guayra.and President Castro appeals

to Venezuelans to fight the English and Germans 11—War

refuses to yield at anybegins in Venezuela 13—President Castropoint to the demands of England and Germany 14—British

and German war ships opened fire on Puerto Cabello, destroying its forts. t +- t >-+ tttttft tt+ D. 0. GAIiDER'S SOJ1S GO., me.

THE PIOflEEft MUSIC DERUEHS OF UTAH- | We handle the renowned...... t

t I 4- STEINWHY 1 which is a guarantee of our Business Standing, also t

X the well known ]WASOfi & HfiMbiH, I and the People's Favorite, the

KIPBRUU Piano.

Come and hear the APOLLO PIANO PLAYER, the Latest and the Beet.

4547 West 1st South Street, Salt Lake City.t+-'

is it Why????????????????????? V

That our business has increased so much that we had to employ extra help of all kinds, and add extra delivering J facilities, and you know that unless people get J their money's worth in quality and quantity, they $ would not give us the patronage we now enjoy.

Why?

Call around and we will tell you. Once our

customer, you will stay with us.

MARRIOTT'S MARKET, Phones |g 2224 West First South St.

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE BRA.)

HE MUFFED IT PHElilUHS FOR

If he did not get our Catalogue of SOAP WRAPPERS.BASE BALL GOODS.

How would you like to obtain—absolutely free of charge—a handsome clock;

a Rochester lamp or a dozen Turkish towels? You can do it. All you need do

is save your Did/moncTC"

wrappers. When you have 50, 100, 200,

Also remember we head 500 or more, send them to us and we will the procession in Shooting forward you a premium you will be proud of; something that will be both ornament- & Sporting Goods, Fishing al and useful. Tackle, Camping and Out Write for premium book, picturing

ing supplies of all kinds. many and describing all of the 300 preOur Catalogue is free, miums which we give for wrappers.

send for one. J> J> J>

THE CODflHV PACKING CO.

Browning Bros. Co. Premium Store, 317 So. Main St.

2461 Washington Ave., Ogden, Utah. Salt Lake City, Utah.

Oregon Short Line Railroad

Operating 1*21 Miles 01 Railroad through the Thriving States of

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONLY ROAD To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

Pour Daily|Trins between SAI/T LAKE CITY and OGDEN. The POPUIAR

LJNE to all Utah Mining Districts. The Only Road to MERCUR.

The Fastest Service to All Points East.

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE "SHORT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

City Ticket Office, No. 100 West Second South St., Salt Lake City.

7. M. tCHUMACHER, General Traffic Manager. 0. E. BURLEj, Gen. Pass, and Tic/ft Agt

W. H. BANCROFT, VicePrest. and General Manager.

(WHBN WRITING TO ADVBRTISHR8 PLEASE MHHTION THH BRA.)

YOl ARE DELUDING YOURSELF Telephone 351. WHEN YOl SAY,

Jos.Wm.Taylor,

UTAH'S LLADING UNDERTAKER "A Telephone

AND LICENSED EMBALMER.

Fine Private Chapel, Funeral Parwould le of lor, Show Kooms Morgue. and

OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.

21, 23, 25 South West Temple St. no use to me

SALT LAKE CITT, UTAH.

at the house/ TRY IT AND SEE.

ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN, Ask any of your many COUNSELORAT-LAW.

friends who have it. U. S. Supreme Court, Registered Attorney U. S. Patent Office, United States and

Foreign Patents, Caveats, Trade Marks and

Copyrights.

ONE DOLLAR PER MONTH IS No. 700 7th Street, N. W.

Opp. U. S. Patent Office. WASHINGTON. D.C- TOO CHEAP TO REQUIRE ARGUMENT.

The Leading

Music Dealers...

PIANOS - ORGflflS

COPYPICTH'A FALLING MARKET will not be blameable to the quality of the produce If you use our choice and productive Seeds. Furthermore, you

can always depend upon good prices

EASIEST. for your grain and produce when raised

from our High Grade Seeds and marketed by us. Write us when you have

products to sell, and we'll see that the EVERYTHING KNOWN IN il. "market Is not falling."

CATALOGUES FREE.

P. 0. BOX 1090. THE C. A. SMURTHWA1TE PRODUCE CO.

74 Main St. J. i. DUNES, JR., Manager Seedsmen and Shippers of Produce,

OGDEN, UTAH #...

(When writing to advertisers please mention this paper.)

.

Retail Dry Goods Dcpt STOCKS ALWAYS NEW, FRESH AND SEASONABLE.

THERE'S A REASON FOR IT.

Knowing the wants of the trade, a thorough knowledge of the markets and rare judgment in the selecting of Goods both as to quality and quantity are points possessed by our buyers; and this, coupled with that

Z. C. M. I. combination, the greatest degree oj quality with the lowest

possible price, insures the disposal of the goods before they have a chance to get old, therefore ALWAYS HEW GOODS.

T. O. WEBBER, Supt.

GO. HKTHOPSDHY GOODS

Great Inventory Sale!

\ SPECIAL BARGAINS FOR THE FARMER $ \ AND COUNTRY RESIDENTS. t

t it. The opportunity to We must reduce oar stock and make prices to do

are overstocked prepare for the cold weather at small outlay of money. We

effect a clearance. 'c on READYTO-WEAR GOODS and will slaughter prices to

60 Per Cent Off Childrens'Long Coats 25 Per Cent Off Silk Waists j* 60 Per Cent Off Ladies'Long Coats 20 Per Cent Off Flannel WaisU t 50 Per Cent Off Ladies'Jackets 20 Per Cent Off Dress Sacques? 40 Per Cent Off Ladies'Tailor Suits

1 30 Per Cent Off Ladies'Furs 20 Per Cent Off Eiderdown Robes *

I 35 Per Cent Off Dress Skirts—20 Per Cent Off Flannelette Wrappers *

CO. f*. K. THOCQRS Df* GOODS |

yj** *