February 1967

Boy Scout Encampment at Farragut, Idaho See Era of Youth

I J I I NT

V'iM Jtr W 'm pyjg | ijfffelt* ml. j% jMi [W8M!

- * i VKJk In HF..J,/ *

'QH "ly X 1 'v k \ WH| iMHpjhyHBPw -J

.--<: ''Bob

—"* it.,1 &

. '/ &. '"Mr ""liPF | HB'%r

h* w m

'iH '*-.:-fe

Be prepared for the best in education

An education at BYU is something special. High academic

standards combined with physical and spiritual training in an ideal social climate, a dedicated faculty, a highly motivated student body, and a beautiful campus with finest facilities all add up to a superior education.

Students planning to take advantage of it should be prepared. Try to earn good grades in high school. And

remember, deadline for new applications for admission DATES TO REMEMBER autumn semester 1967 is April 30. Students transferring April 30—Deadline for submitting applications for autumn

from other colleges have until July 31. Also, all new semester.

freshmen must take the American College Test, which is May 31—Deadline for submitgiven throughout the nation; the deadline to sign up for ting applications for first term of Summer School.

it has passed, so if you missed it, contact the BYU Dean June 5-10—Special workshops

of Admissions and Records. Be sure you qualify. Standand conferences.

June 12July 14—First term of

ards are high at BYU and not easy to attain; the demand Summer School.

is great, but there is always room for the good scholar. July 15Aug. 17—Second term

of Summer School.

Sept. 1213—New student orientation.

Sept. 14, 15, 16—Autumn semester registration.

Sept. 18—Classes begin.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY P R O V O UTAH

Memo to Our Readers: The Voice

of the Church February 1967 This month we would like you to meet the newest fulltime member of our staff. He is Elder Ralph H. Reynolds,

who has served on a parttime basis as art director of the Era for the past Regular Features

It years. eight his keen and was mind

2 The Editor's Page: Wherein Lies the Secret? President David 0. McKay skillful that the Era gave hands a new

look in 1957. Since then his art direc- 4 Your Question: What Is the Status of "Fundamentalists"?

tion has kept the Era abreast of the President Joseph Fielding Smith finest in typography, layouts, and illustrations. 14, 52, 64, 66 The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans

Reynolds, Brother 16 The Era Asks About Latterday Saint Hymns his trainreceived who ing at Brigham Young 32 The Church Moves On

University and the University of Utah, is well 33 The Era of Youth known and widely re49 Tips for Genealogists spected in the commercial art field. For 50 Teaching: A Wife's Role in Her Husband's Vocation, Lynn S. Lund

eighteen years he had 56 Best of Movies, Howard Pearson his own studio, and more recently he was 68 Melchizedek Priesthood: Batter Up!

advertising director for 70 Presiding Bishopric's Page: What's Wrong with the Young People

ZCMI. He is a person

with unusual ability, exin Our Ward, Bishop?

quisite taste, rare judgment, and deep faith. We feel that his acceptance of 75 Today's Family: Valentine of a Pie, Florence B. Pinnock

this assignment on a fulltime basis 77 These Times: Population Growth, G. Homer Durham

means another big step forward for the Era. 78 Buffs and Rebuffs

Assisting Brother Reynolds is Elder 80 End of an Era

Norman Price, who also has had much experience in the art field and who has Special Features been on the staff for a number of years. His devotion to the Era and the 6 This Life Is a Time for Choosing, Mark E. Petersen

Church knows no bounds, and his contributions to the production of the 8 George Washington, John J Stewart magazine are invaluable. 22 How to Identify Potential Church Dropouts, O. Pat Barney

It is within the province of a capable art staff, through wise and 54 Dear Your Majesty, Derek Dixon tasteful selection and use of type, 60 An Educator Views Temple Marriage, Rex A. Skidmore

photographs, drawings, paintings, white space, and color, to make a magazine 67 Lights Out, Ray H. Barton, Jr.

increasingly written the attractive and 72 The Man Who Will Not Bend, Violet Tew Kimball readable. word and more meaningful

This is the challenge our artists have Stories, Poetry accepted.

February is Scout month, and we are 24 The Uncertain Promise (Part 2), G. Morris Rowley

pleased to feature on the cover and in 53, 66, 78, 80 Poetry the Era of Youth fullcolor reproductions of photographs taken by J M.

Heslop at the Church Scout encampment at Farragut, Idaho, last summer.

Associate DavidEleanor0. Knowles.McKayEditor; andKeithEditorialRichardMontague,Associates:L. Evans,Era FlorenceofEditors;Youth B.DoyteArtPinnockDirector;L. Green.Today'sRalphManagingFamilyReynolds.Editor;Editor;GeneralAlbertMarionArtL. Zobell,D.Director;Hanks,Jr., NormanResearchEra of YouthF. Editor;Price,Editor;MabelStaff ElaineArtist.Jones Cannon,Gabbott, EraJay M.of Todd,Youth

Jr.,FranklinGeneralDirector;S.Manager;Harris,ThayerJr.,FlorenceHughEvans,S.Nibley,Jacobsen,S. GlennSidneySmith,AssociateB, Sperry,AdvertisingGeneralAlma Manager;Representatives.A. Gardiner,Verl ContributingF. Scott. BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business G,G.ManagerCarlosHomer andSmith,Durham,Subscription

Superintendent. of Association General of Christ Improvement Young Church Saints, of Latterday 1966, and by the "Men'sof Editor TheSaints. Associations of of Improvement Christ reserved. The MutualChurch Latterday Jesus price. Managing Subscription $3.00

years, years, subscriptions. Mutualmultiple a All 2 3 each year, $5.75; year $8.25; price; succeeding to single $2.50 rightsJesusadded the threeyear for a year,publishedcopy, 35$ inexceptadvance;

issues. special

the organ of Priesthood Quorums, Improvement Mutual Associations. City, at Salt Office, the Lake for as matter. Utah, secondclass mailing at rate of Acceptance special provided for in section postage 1103

Teaching act Enteredof 2, OfficialHome Committee, authorized October Post1917. July Committee, Music 1918. Church School System, and

is other of agencies not of for Improvement unsolicited responsible The Church manuscripts The contributions. Jesus Christ but for are paid of Latterday welcomes acceptance Manuscripts on Saints. and must be sufficientEra for return. delivery accompanied postage by and

of days'notice required slip address. ordering change, please a recent include address from of issue the magazine. Address The Era Improvement Offices, State, 79 South Salt City, Lake cannot well changeold Thirtychanges Utah forthe unless a is be address Whenas included. the as madeis new 84111 one

February 1967 Many people today wonder wherein lies the secret of the growth, stability, and vitality of The Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. The secret lies

in the testimony, possessed by each individual who is faithful in the Church, that the gospel consists of correct principles. It is that same testimony that was

given to Peter and to others in the primitive Church.

This testimony is revealed to every sincere man and woman who conforms to the principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ, who obeys the ordinances, and who becomes entitled to receive, and does receive, the Holy Ghost to guide him.

It is given unto some, says the Lord in a revelation recorded in the Doctrine and Covenants, to know by the Holy Ghost that Jesus is the Son of God and that he was crucified for the sins of the world. But the

Lord says further that there are others to whom it is given to believe upon the testimony of the words of others, that they may also receive salvation if they continue faithful. (D&C 46:1314.)

To all of these, however, the testimony comes in every performance of duty. They know that the gospel

teaches them to be better individuals, that obedience to its principles makes them stronger men and truer women. Every day such knowledge comes lo them,

and they cannot contradict it; they know that obedience to the gospel of Jesus Christ makes them better

and truer husbands, true and honored wives, obedient children, and in every respect ideal home builders.

They know that obedience to the gospel fosters true brotherhood and fellowship among mankind; they

know that they are better citizens by virtue of obedience to the laws and ordinances. As they go through

their daily acts and apply religion in their vocations, the truth of the gospel becomes exemplified in their

lives.

The testimony of the gospel is an anchor to the soul

The Editor's Page

By President David 0. McKay

Improvement Era

in the midst of confusion and strife. It is glorious to their backs upon him; finally, only the Twelve were

have a testimony of God's existence and of the divinity left, unto whom he said, "Will ye also go away?"

of Christ's Church. That knowledge is the greatest (John 6:67.) Peter, the impulsive leader, practical

possession that can come to you. But with that testiand sound spokesman, said to him: "To whom shall

mony comes great responsibility—the ability to live we go, Lord? thou hast the words of eternal life,

up to it, to act in harmony with it. "... to him that "And we believe and are sure thou art that Christ,

knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is the Son of the living God."(John 6:6869.)

sin."(Jas. 4:17.) In reading that, I always linger on the words

Your future actions in the Church and in life itself "believe"and "are sure,"because I think that is the will largely be determined by the foundation upon way Peter said it.

which your testimony rests. A true testimony must Jesus took the disciples from Capernaum and went

ever be a living, growing thing. up into the mountain close by to teach them further,

A testimony may come by the powers of reason, and it was while he was up there during that week but truly, reason as a guide to the soul is only as are that he asked the question, "Whom do men say that the stars and moon guides to mankind; the light of I am?"(See Matt. 16:13.)

faith is as the brilliant sunshine to the earth. Faith is They answered and said: "Some say that thou art

assurance within a person, upon which the testimony Elias, and others Jeremiah, and others say John the of the divinity of the Lord Jesus Christ rests unBaptist."(See Matt. 16:14.) Then he said, "Whom do

shakenly. Here let me say to all young people and ye say that I am?"And Peter answered without hesinew members of the Church, don't be discouraged if tation: "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the Living

a testimony does not come all at once. It did not come God."(Matt. 16:16.)

suddenly to Peter. Let me call to your attention one "Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona, for flesh and

instance. blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father

After feeding the 5,000, the Savior crossed over to which is in heaven.

Capernaum on that tempestuous sea. Some of the "And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter

5,000 walked around the northern shore and were in [Peter received this testimony, or revelation, from

Capernaum to meet him the next day. There he God], and upon this rock I will build my church;

delivered a masterful message, in which he said to and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it."

the assembled multitude, "Ye seek me, not because (Matt. 16:1718.)

ye saw the glory of God, but because ye ate of the Inspiration, revelation to the individual soul, is the loaves and were filled."(See John 6:26.) They had rock upon which a testimony should be built, and

seen the miracle, but they had missed something there is not one person living who cannot get it if he deeper, more significant. will but conform to those laws and live a clean life,

Then Jesus delivered that remarkable sermon on which will permit the Holy Spirit to place that testithe bread of life, but its symbolism they could not mony in him.

understand, and they began to walk away. Those And so it may be with each of you who are

who had followed him began to leave him and turn earnestly seeking. O

February 1967 Your Question Answered by President Joseph Fielding Smith

QUESTION: "What is the status of the group of apostates who have taken upon themselves the title of 'Fundamentalists'and who have turned away from The Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and set up a spurious organization of their own?"

What Is the Status of the 'Fundamentalists'?

ANSWER: My answer to these fool- "And the fourth kingdom shall forget that the promise of the Lord

ish people who have turned away be strong as iron: forasmuch as in this vision was that in the latter

from the Church is found in the iron breaketh in pieces and subdays of these kingdoms the Lord great prophecy in the Book of dueth all things: and as iron that was to set up a kingdom that was

Daniel: breaketh all these, shall it break not to be left to any other people,

The great King Nebuchadnezzar in pieces and bruise. "which shall never be destroyed"

had a wonderful dream in relation "And whereas thou sawest the but which was to endure and conto a great image that was terrible. feet and toes, part of potters'clay, sume all other kingdoms and stand

"This image's head was of fine and part of iron, the kingdom shall forever.

gold, his breast and his arms of be divided; but there shall be in it The proper interpretation of this

silver, his belly and his thighs of of the strength of the iron, foraswonderful prophecy is that the brass, much as thou sawest the iron mixed Lord has set up his Church (or "His legs of iron, his feet part of with miry clay. kingdom) for the last time; it is to

iron and part of clay. "And as the toes of the feet were grow and increase until it shall fill

"Thou sawest till that a stone was part of iron, and part of clay, so the earth, and, according to the cut out without hands, which smote the kingdom shall be partly strong, prophetic interpretation of Daniel, the image upon his feet that were and partly broken. this kingdom shall stand forever.

of iron and clay, and brake them "And whereas thou sawest iron Now, let us speak plainly and to pieces. mixed with miry clay, they shall clearly in relation to this remark-

"Then was the iron, the clay, the mingle themselves with the seed able vision and Daniel's interbrass, the silver, and the gold, of men: but they shall not cleave pretation.

broken to pieces together, and beone to another, even as iron is not This great kingdom is verily the came like the chaff of the summer mixed with clay. Church of Jesus Christ, which has

threshingfloors; and the wind car- "And in the days of these kings been established in the earth for

ried them away, that no place was shall the God of heaven set up a the last time. It is not to be

found for them: and the stone that kingdom, which shall never be dedestroyed but is to continue to ensmote the image became a great stroyed: and the kingdom shall not dure and increase until it shall fill

mountain, and filled the whole be left to other people, but it shall the earth in the due time of the earth."(Dan. 2:3235.) break in pieces and consume all Lord.

Daniel gave the interpretation these kingdoms, and it shall stand From time to time there have of this vision in these words: for ever. been apostates withdraw from the

"Thou, O king, art a king of "Forasmuch as thou sawest that Church. There have been attempts

kings: for the God of heaven hath the stone was cut out of the mounto set up opposition organizations,

given thee a kingdom, power, and tain without hands, and that it but they do not prosper, nor can strength, and glory. brake in pieces the iron, the brass, they.

"And wheresoever the children the clay, the silver, and the gold; This remarkable prophetic vision

of men dwell, the beasts of the the great God hath made known that was interpreted by Daniel field and the fowls of the heaven to the king what shall come to pass is bound to be fulfilled. The Lord

hath he given into thine hand, and hereafter: and the dream is certain, set up his kingdom, or divine

hath made thee ruler over them all. and the interpretation thereof Church, through the ministry of the

Thou art this head of gold. sure."(Dan. 2:3745.) Prophet Joseph Smith. The stone

"And after thee shall arise anThis vision of the kingdoms is a cut out of the mountain is indeed other kingdom inferior to thee, and wonderful portrait of historical The Church of Jesus Christ of another third kingdom of brass, events down through the ages of Latterday Saints, which is to enwhich shall bear rule over all the time, from the day of Daniel to our dure through all time, or "stand earth. present dispensation. Let us not for ever."O

Improvement Era

Let There Be Snow by Mary T. Rauth

Let there be snow when winter comes,

That the thirsting, sunparched earth may take

Long, cooling drinks, and so refreshed, relax,

Pulling white blankets round her weary shoulders,

And sleep.

Then in spring, the plows Will turn dark fragrant furrows once again,

Not pale and lifeless dust.

Let there be snow for children's joyous wonder,

Snow to track in, drifts to dive into,

Snowmen, snowballs, and slippery hills for coasting.

Let there be snow for merry lovers, walking

In a bright room with walls of falling snow,

Snowflakes like kisses on their upturned faces.

Let there be snow for those who are old and lonely

And touched with grief, that they may watch

Through some small window pane the world brim up

With solitude and silence; then turn again to warmth.

And peacefully live their dreams.

Let there be snow.

X

i. j -.......

H V

\n

February 1967 This life is a time for choosing. Our decisions valid today as it ever was.] Tenth, parents whose

affect not only our own lives but also the lives of decisions are controlled not by what their children others. Choosing is difficult, because everything is desire but by what they need."

a matter of choice. None of us would even be on To these ten qualifications, we as Latterday Saints

earth if we hadn't chosen to come here. Freedom of must add further points of our own. We must dechoice is a gift of God. velop that type of love at home that comes through

Parents have the right as well as the responsibility consistent living of the gospel. We must treat our

to help their children make wise choices. One of the children fairly and impartially. We must hold reguglorious things about the Church is that through its larly and properly a weekly home evening.

programs we can help young people make choices. Family and individual prayers must be a part of

The Church is inseparably connected with the our daily routine. Observance of the Word of WisLatter-day Saint home and is dedicated to the preserdom must characterize each Latterday Saint home.

vation of the home. It must ever be an institution We must teach the gospel consistently and confrom which families may confidently expect assistance stantly by example and by precept. We must teach

in building faith and character and in helping solve our children courtesy and kindness. We must hold

problems that affect young people. to complete chastity and teach this vital law to our

On almost every hand we are told that the modern children early in life. Our instruction on modesty and

home is in jeopardy, but this very emergency provides chastity must include reference to styles of dress and added opportunity for increased service. We can and to dating practices. This would also necessarily include

must join in combating every force that now attempts a positive stand against pornography of all kinds.

to destroy both the sanctity and the effectiveness of Recently the First Presidency said, "We call upon good family life. Recognizing this, let us consider the members of the Church and all other right thinkwhat constitutes a good home. ing people to join in a concerted movement to fight

When asked how people may become better parpornography wherever it may be found."The dicents, J. Edgar Hoover, the great FBI leader, said, tionary defines pornography as the expression or sug-

"We have found that good parents are: first, parents gestion of obscene or unchaste subjects. Are not the

who try to understand their children and find time to presentday styles of dress in some measure pornocultivate their friendship and love. Second, parents graphic? When styles border on the obscene, when

of integrity who face facts and live by the truth. they thrust indecent exposure before the public, when

Third, parents who live within their means and give they tempt and excite the minds of young boys and their children examples of thrift, security, stability, of evil men, are not these styles pornographic? Has

and honesty. Fourth, parents who are industrious and not the time at last arrived when girls and women

teach their children that most of life's good things must place decency above fashion?

come only through hard work. Fifth, parents who Chastity is inseparably connected with modesty,

have worthwhile goals in life and seek to have their decency, and good taste. These principles must be

children join them in their attainment. Sixth, parents upheld in every Latterday Saint home. We teach

who have common sense, a capacity for friendship, high standards in the Church and do our best to and a sense of humor. Seventh, parents who live in impress them upon the young daughters of Zion, but

harmony with each other and do not quarrel in the do the parents know about these teachings? When

presence of their children. Eighth, parents who have chaste and modestminded mothers, protective of their

ideals and a compelling urge to serve rather than to children, ask their daughters to listen to reason about be served. Ninth, parents who are unswervingly loyal the length of the hemline, how many of those daughto their own children but who can express righteous ters win their point by saying, "But Mother, everyone

indignation and chastise them when necessary. [That wears them that way"? And how many of these

old proverb, Spare the rod and spoil the child, is as mothers would welcome some definite support on "From a talk given at MIA June Conference, June 17, 1966. this point!

This Life Is aTime for

""*** *'s and women Parents need a full understanding of Church ideals We can be saviors on Mount Zion to the youth of the and standards on dress, decency, and personal conChurch, if we so desire. Through a positive, outduct. By our own example we must strengthen our reaching personal attitude, we can save our young

position in this matter. How much good is accompeople. Conversely, through neglect and carelessplished by a Laurel teacher, for example, who tells ness, we can lose them. Do we have the will to labor

her girls not to expose themselves by wearing short and to save, or do we have a tendency to relax our skirts, but she herself is guilty of a certain degree of efforts, disregard our responsibilities, and become exposure? All skirts are not extremely short. Many dropouts ourselves?

sensible people still have the decency to avoid unWe are in an actual war with the powers of Satan.

ladylike exposures made by skirts that are too little, The enemy already encircles us. Are we willing to

too short, and too tight. sound the rallying cry, put on the whole armor of God,

Our Church is no longer made up of a few isofollow the Savior, and be his faithful ministers? Or

lated people in the midst of the Rocky Mountains. We will we, by our indifference, unwittingly turn our

are now a worldwide church, one of the fastest growbacks upon him? We are his servants. He does

ing denominations in the world. Cannot two and one depend on us.

half million people popularize decency by a united Recently President David O. McKay said, "I pray

effort? Young people and parents alike should rewith an honest heart that God will keep you away

member that modesty is one of our chief lines of from the base scheming plans of him who enthrones defense for chastity. They should be realistic enough passion, who decries selfcontrol, who renounces the

to admit that short skirts are an invitation to trouble. sacredness of the family.... Officers, leaders, you

We are strong enough to make a style of our own and were chosen of God; go forth radiating a testimony

to popularize it, but it must be a style in harmony that this is God's work. Feel it yourselves and then

with our Christian ideals. the men and women and your wards and stakes will

Dating is another matter in which Church leaders feel it. The young people especially will feel it, for

can cooperate: first by setting an example in their own you are radiating not just what you say but what

homes, and then by strengthening the position taken you are and what you do."

by the parents. We have definite standards on dating, We must decide within ourselves that we will help

and they are good standards, but do parents know others at any cost, that at any cost we will save the about them so that they may be reinforced in the youth of Zion, and that we will be willing to make home? Have we taken the trouble to tell the parents? sacrifices of our time and our talents and even of

Parents need help. They need the support our our means.

standards can provide, and they need to be made We must decide we will do our work in such a aware of these standards. Through our contacts with superior manner that we will attract all the young

home teachers, through the MIAsponsored parent people to us. We must decide that there will be

and youth nights, through contributions to family no dropouts. We must decide that we will in very

home evenings, the Church can tell the parents about deed be the servants and handmaidens of Almighty its standards. God, that we will put on the whole armor of God,

One of the surest ways of helping every home and that we will enter the conflict with Satan, and that we every family to strengthen its youth is to cure the will fight with a will, knowing that Jesus is our comdrop-out problem in the Church. And the best way mander, the captain of our forces, and that he cannot

to do that is for each of us to do our church work so fail. If we make these decisions, we too cannot fail.

well that we will develop such a high interest among Parents have the right as well as the responsibility the members of our classes that none of them will to help their children make wise choices, and the ever think of staying away. That is why the Lord Church has the same right and responsibility. We

asks each of us to do our work to the best of our must guide the youth of Zion. We must help them

ability, with all our heart, might, mind, and strength. to make the right decisions. O

Elder Mark E. Petersen

of the Council of the Twelve Choosing

e% *a>e Taave obscene? We

IP pi ppM p

m. "He was a key figure in the worldwide that the distressed Saints "should continue to imporstruggle for human liberty and dignity, an tune for redress, and redemption, by the hands of instrument in the hand of God to help make those who are... in authority over you—According

it possible for the restored gospel to be to the laws and constitution of the people, which I preached throughout the earth."have suffered to be established, and should be maintained for the rights and protection of all flesh,

It was a cold December day, 1833. The 27year-old according to just and holy principles; That every man

Prophet Joseph Smith, living in Kirtland, Ohio, had may act... according to the moral agency which I

received tragic news: mobs had driven the Saints have given unto him....

from Independence, Jackson County, Missouri, where "And for this purpose have I established the Conthe Church had been striving to establish Zion, the stitution of this land, by the hands of wise men whom

New Jerusalem. The expelled Saints, men, women I raised up unto this very purpose, and redeemed the

and children, were homeless, hungry, and cold. land by the shedding of blood...."(D&C 101:7678,

Again in need of wisdom greater than his own, 80. Italics added.)

Joseph appealed to God for guidance in this crisis. To teach, to hear, to accept, and to live the true

In answer to his prayer he received a revelation in gospel of Christ, men must have political freedom which the Lord told him that he had allowed this to exercise their free agency, to "act according to the affliction to come upon the Saints "in consequence of moral agency"that God gave to man from before the their transgressions,"that "they must needs be foundation of the earth.

chastened and tried."(D&C 101:2, 4) One of those wise men whom God raised up was

And in the same revelation the Lord made a stateGeorge Washington (173299), who served in turn ment that strongly implies that the American republic as commander in chief of the Virginia Militia to help was founded as a preparatory step to the restoration drive the French from American soil (175558); as a

of the gospel and The Church of Jesus Christ of delegate to the first two sessions of the Continental

Latterday Saints, to the ushering in of the dispenCongress, where the groundwork was laid for the sation of the fullness of times. He advised Joseph American revolution (177475); as general and cornBy John J Stewart

An aristocrat, a military giant, a commanding leader, a prayerful example inspired by God.

* Above is an enlarged reproduction of an actual signature of George Washington, who signed his name G. Washington.

February 1967 mander in chief of the army of the united colonies British point of view—a notorious British rebel, an

in the Revolutionary War (177583); as president of insurrectionist against the government of Great Britain

the constitutional convention at which the United and King George III. He was a man who obviously

States Constitution was drafted (1787); and as first did not believe in being subject to kings when he

president of the United States of America ( 178996). felt the king was no longer deserving of his loyalty.

In grade school we used to sing with patriotic fervor Had Washington and his fellow patriots—or conspira-

a song, based upon the famous eulogy by Henry Lee, tors—failed rather than succeeded in their daring

that declared, in martial tune: defiance of His Majesty's government, he with them

would have been summarily hanged from the nearest "First in war, first in peace, cherry tree, and his name would have gone down in

First in the hearts of his countrymen! infamy in the annals of British history. From the

That is the story of Washington, outbreak of hostilities there was a price upon his head.

That is the glory of Washington,... He likely recalled more than once the sage remark of

In word, in deed, we will follow the lead Benjamin Franklin to his fellow revolutionists that

Of the father of the land we love!"they must all hang together or they would all hang

separately.

When Washington left his beloved estate of Mount

Vernon to attend the Continental Congress in Philafor treats 22, led special February plus TI hehe song, delphia in May of 1775, he hoped to get back home as the greater, George debatesto boyish was to who again in six weeks—the term of Congress. He didWashington or Tarzan of the apes. Personally I

favored Washington—and still do—although to young not get back for six years, and then only briefly.

Before Congress convened, the fire of discontent that minds he did seem terribly remote, someone out of had been smoldering in the Colonies for several the far distant past, like Moses or Caesar Augustus.

years had suddenly burst into flame at Lexington andActually, of course, he was not. Had George WashConcord, Massachusetts, where patriots—or rebelsington and Joseph Smith (180544) each lived to the

had fought a pitched battle against British governpresent age of President David O. McKay, then Washment troops.

ington and the Prophet Joseph would have been contemporaries for 20 years and the Prophet Joseph and President McKay would have been contemporaries for 25 years. I ranklin,ran Samuel and John Adams, Patrick Henry,

Although he did not live to such an age in mortality, Thomas Paine, and others of the "founding fathers"few men have been so favored of God as was George had been stirring men's souls with glorious thoughts

Washington, and few have conducted their lives with of human rights, dignity, freedom, liberty, indesuch personal integrity as to merit God's blessings. As pendence. Now the time had come to act. Impressed

Thomas Jefferson observed, Washington, like other by the tall Virginia planter, his fellow delegates to men, erred, but he erred with integrity. Perhaps he Congress asked Washington to assume the key role

was one of those men of whom Abraham spoke when in this daring undertaking. "We reposing especial

he said, "Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, trust and confidence in your patriotism, conduct and the intelligences that were organized before the world fidelity do by these presents constitute and appoint was; and among all these there were many of the you to be General and Commander in Chief of the

noble and great ones; And God saw these souls that Army of the United Colonies... for the defence of

they were good,... and he said, These I will make American Liberty...."

my rulers...."(Abr. 3:2223.) Prior to the appointment, Washington in private

Certainly Washington had the bearing of one of correspondence had voiced his determination to resist "the noble and great ones."He was tall and handthe British impositions—taxation without representasome, powerfully built and agile. As Jefferson detion and the several other grievances that had

scribed him, "His person... was fine, his stature fomented rebellion. "I could wish, I own, that the

exactly what one would wish, his deportment easy, dispute had been left to posterity to determine,"he erect and noble; the best horseman of his age, and wrote to friends, "but the crisis is arrived when we

the most graceful figure that could be seen on horsemust assert our rights or submit to every imposition back."He had a dignified bearing that commanded that can be heaped upon us, till custom and use

respect. More important, he had those sterling qualishall make us as tame and abject slaves.... It is my

ties of character that drew men to him and that warfull intention to devote my life and fortune in the ranted God's benediction upon his efforts. cause we are engaged in, if need be.... Unhappy

It should be remembered, however, that before it is, though, to reflect that a brother's sword has been

George Washington was a great American hero and sheathed in a brother's breast, and that the once happy "the father of the land we love,"he was—from the and peaceful plains of America are either to be

10 Improvement Era

drenched with blood or inhabited by slaves. Sad distressing, to see the winter fast approaching upon

alternative! But can a virtuous man hesitate in his a naked army.... The greater part of the troops are

choice?"in a state not far from mutiny."And again, "Such a

It would be pleasant to think that the American dearth of public spirit, and want of virtue... I never

colonists fought unitedly for independence. Such, saw before, and pray God I may never be witness

however, was not the case. A high percentage of the to again.... I tremble at the prospect."

colonists—perhaps more than half, according to some

historians—was opposed to the Revolution. As in the

Civil War, families were divided in their loyalties, 'any of the troops, he reported, "will not be prebrother fighting against brother and father against vailed upon to stay longer than their term... and son. (Even Benjamin Franklin's son remained a Msuch a dirty, mercenary spirit pervades the whole,

staunch Tory, or Loyalist.) that I should not be at all surprised at any disaster

And among those who did espouse the patriot cause, that may happen.... Could I have foreseen what

unity of purpose and zeal in the fight were sadly I have, and am likely to experience, no consideration lacking. In this fact lay the greatest trial of Washupon earth should have induced me to accept this

ington's life, and through it emerges the true greatness command."(Italics added.)

of the man and our indebtedness to him; for even Dissension between the colonies, jealousy among

more than his military genius, which was considerthe officers, lack of food, clothing, bedding, shelter, able, it was his abiding faith in the cause of freedom, weapons, and pay for his soldiers, wholesale desertions his qualities of endurance, perseverance, determinaamong the troops, peace enticements from the tion, his fortitude, and his ability to inspire others in British—these were some of the difficult problems with

the effort that carried the Revolutionary War through which Washington had to contend. "No man perhaps

to a successful culmination. Washington had to fight since the first institution of armies ever commanded

not only against the numerically superior British one under more difficult circumstances than I have forces, including their Hessian mercenaries, but he done,"he wrote to his brother in the early months had to fight just as doggedly against American apathy, of the war.

credulity, and greed, which threatened to defeat the In January 1776—six months before the Declaration

struggle for freedom. of Independence was signed, Washington declared,

Like Joseph Smith after him, Washington found "The reflection on my situation, and that of this army, that the greatest enemy to a righteous effort is not produces many an uneasy hour when all around me the avowed enemy on the outside but the enemy are wrapped in sleep. Few people know the predicawithin—those who espouse the cause and then become ment we are in, on a thousand accounts.... If I

fainthearted in it: the defeatist, the lethargic, the shall be able to rise superior to these,... I shall

opportunist, the exploiter, the indolent. He found to most religiously believe that the finger of Providence

his sorrow that there were far too many Americans is in it, to blind the eyes of our enemies."(Italics

anxious to be on the winning side, whichever that added.

might be. And there were many who were glad to There were some notable military victories for the

help either side, or both, for personal financial gain. American forces, at Trenton, Saratoga, Monmouth,

Active participation in the revolutionary effort, deYorktown, and other battlegrounds. But there were

clared Washington in a letter to his brother, "is a also some dismal defeats. And there were months of

duty we owe our country; a claim which posterity has anxious waiting between battles, while he was trying

upon us. It is not sufficient for a man to be a passive to recruit, train, and equip sufficient forces to confriend and wellwisher to the cause.... Every person tinue the fight. A lesser man than Washington would

should be active in some department or other, withhave called it quits. But he hung on with a tenacity

out paying too much attention to private interest. It is of purpose, a deep conviction of the justice of the

a great stake we are playing for, and sure we are of cause, and an abiding faith in God. He urged his

winning, if the cards are well managed. Inactivity troops to attend to daily prayers, as he himself did.

in some, disaffection in others, and timidity in many, And in the darkest hours of adversity he, like the may hurt the cause. Nothing else can; for unanimity Prophet Joseph after him, found a divine sustaining

will carry us through triumphantly, in spite of every influence that carried him through to. victory. Grateexertion of Great Britain, if we are linked together fully he wrote, "Providence has heretofore taken me

in the indissoluble bond."(Italics added.) up when all other means and hope seemed to be

Throughout the long war Washington's letters to departing from me in this."

Congress and to friends voiced the anxiety and despair "These are the times that try men's souls,"wrote he felt as he struggled to hold an army together and Thomas Paine as he marched in the ranks with a keep alive the fight for freedom. In the early weeks musket, retreating with Washington and the Patriot

of the war he wrote, "My situation is inexpressibly army across New Jersey in the winter snows. "The

February 1967 11 summer soldier and the sunshine patience and obedience which, in years, is particularly significant:

patriot will, in this crisis, shrink my opinion, can scarcely be paral- "Our conflict is not likely to cease from the service of their country; leled."And to his young friend the so soon as every good man would

but he that stands it now, deserves Marquis de Lafayette he wrote, "I wish. The measure of iniquity is

the love and thanks of men and have no doubt that everything hapnot yet filled; and, unless we can

women. Tyranny, like hell, is not pens for the best; that we shall return a little more to first prineasily conquered; yet we have this triumph over all our misfortunes ciples, and act a little more upon

consolation with us, that the harder and in the end be happy."patriotic grounds, I do not know

the conflict, the more glorious the when it will [end], or what may triumph.... Heaven knows how be the issue of the contest."He saw

to put a proper price upon its a "decay of public virtue"that "has goods; and it would be strange in- V Vherhen word was received the fed the hopes of the enemy and

deed if so celestial an article as following spring that France had kept the British arms in America

Freedom should not "be highly recognized the independence of to this day. They... declare this

rated."the United States and was sending themselves, and add that we shall

Washington had Paine's immortal military aid, Washington told his be our own conquerors. Cannot our

words read to his sorely pressed troops, "It having pleased the common country, America, possess troops, and they responded well. Almighty ruler of the Universe virtue enough to disappoint them?

Although desertions continued, propitiously to defend the cause Is the paltry consideration of there was a hard core of real of the United American States... a little dirty pelf to individuals to

patriots who stuck to their guns, by raising us up a powerful friend be placed in competition with the who caught Washington's vision of among the princes of the earth to essential rights and liberties of the what the fighting and the sacrificestablish our liberty and indepresent generation, and of millions ing were all about. In 1777, at pendence upon lasting foundations, yet unborn?... Our cause is noble.

Valley Forge the week before it becomes us to set apart a day for It is the cause of mankind, and the

Christmas, Washington wrote, "To gratefully acknowledging the Didanger to it is to be apprehended see men without clothes to cover vine goodness and celebrating the from ourselves."

their nakedness, without blankets to important event which we owe to At conclusion of the war and the lie on, without shoes, by which His benign interposition."signing of peace terms with Great

their marches might be traced by In light of the revelation to the Britain, Washington, in December the blood from their feet, and alProphet Joseph that God had 1783, resigned his commission as most as often without provisions as "redeemed the land by the shedcommander in chief, expressing his with them, marching through the ding of blood,"a statement by "gratitude for the interposition of frost and snow... and submitting Washington in 1779, after the war Providence"and "commending the

to it without murmur, is proof of had been in progress nearly four interests of our dearest country to

"His person... was fine, his deportment easy, erect, and noble;

12 Improvement Era the protection of Almighty God."clared, "No people can be bound liberty of conscience insecure,...

Even after military victory, citito acknowledge and adore the Inno one would be more zealous than zens of the 13 colonies found it visible Hand which conducts the myself to establish effectual barextremely difficult to write as Ameriaffairs of men more than those of riers against the horrors of spiritual cans, and it was not until 1787 that a the United States. Every step by tyranny, and every species of

constitutional convention was finalwhich they have advanced to the religious persecution."

ly called. Washingon was chosen character of an independent nation Washington's views were a reas president of the convention and, seems to have been distinguished affirmation of those great truths

according to James Monroe and by some token of providential recorded in a sacred record lying others, it was only through his agency."buried in a mountain where the

powerful influence and that of It was Washington's conviction last tremendous battle between the

Benjamin Franklin that the states that "nothing but harmony, honNephites and Lamanites had been were prevailed upon to ratify this esty, industry and frugality are fought, and near the scene of some controversial document. In an adnecessary to make us a great and of the Revolutionary War battles—

dress years later Washington adhappy people."He also believed a record on metal plates that

monished the people, "let them that "of all the dispositions and prophesied of the American Revopersevere in their affectionate habits which lead to political lution and of the destiny of the vigilance over that precious deposiprosperity, religion and morality new republic:

tory of American happiness, the are indispensable supports.""And it came to pass that I,

Constitution of the United States. Washington was especially conNephi, beheld that the Gentiles

Let them cherish it, too, for the cerned that religious liberty should who had gone forth out of capsake of those who, from every be assured in America. Writing to tivity did humble themselves beclime, are daily seeking a dwelling a group of ministers the year he fore the Lord; and the power of

in our land."was inaugurated President, he the Lord was with them. And I

declared, "If I could have enterbeheld that their mother Gentiles tained the slightest apprehension were gathered together upon the that the Constitution framed in the waters, and upon the land also, to

Washington was a unanimous Convention, where I had the honor battle against them. And I beheldchoiceWlto become the first president to preside, might possibly endanger that the power of God was with

of the United States. In his inthe religious rights of any ecclesithem, and also that the wrath of

augural address, April 30, 1789, he astical Society, certainly I would God was upon all those that were gave thanks "to that Almighty never have placed my signature gathered together against them to

Being who rules over the universe, to it; if I could now conceive that battle. And I, Nephi, beheld that

who presides in the councils of the general Government might ever the Gentiles that had gone out of nations,"anLjn humility he debe so administered as to render captivity were delivered by the

the best horseman of his age..."

power of God out of the hands of who dwell upon the face thereof."world, "to every nation, kindred,

all other nations. And it came to (Eth. 13:2.) tongue and people,"as a further

pass that I, Nephi, beheld that But this great, divinely inspired preparatory step to the second they did prosper in the land; and plan for the establishment of a coming of the Savior. And the gos-

I beheld a book, and it was carried democracy in this choice land and pel could be preached, heard, forth among them."(1 Ne. 13: the restoration of the gospel under accepted, and lived only in coun16-20.) its protective Constitution had even tries with a sufficient degree of

America, declared this ancient broader implications. Christ had freedom to permit it. The political

record, is "a choice land above all declared to his apostles of old, and freedom movement had to be a other lands, a chosen land of the again through the latterday Prophforerunner to the preaching of the

Lord; wherefore the Lord would et Joseph Smith, that his gospel gospel.

have that all men should serve him was to be preached throughout the The opening battle of the American revolution has been described as "the shot heard around the world"because this successful struggle for freedom inspired republican movements in many parts of the earth. The American repubRichard L.Evans lic proved itself so enduring and

successful that it set in motion a

The Spoken Word worldwide chain reaction in man's desire for freedom.

Washington was thus more than Home Makes the Man figurean Americanin the hero.worldwideHe wasstrugglea key

for human liberty and dignity; an

instrument in the hand of God to is a common saying,"said Samuel Smiles, "that 'Manners make the help make it possible for the reItman'; and there is a second, that 'Mind makes the man'; but truer than stored gospel to be preached

either is a third, that 'Home makes the man.'For the hometraining throughout the earth.

includes not only manners and mind, but character. It is mainly in the As he observed at the beginning

home that the heart is opened, the habits are formed, the intellect is of the revolution, "The cause of awakened, and character moulded for good or for evil."1 It is evervirtue and liberty is confined to no

lastingly true that life is a family affair and that the family is the most continent or climate; it compreimportant relationship of life. And the more the emphasis is otherwise, hends within its capacious limits

the more problems there are. The more the pull away from the family, the wise and good, however disthe more there is of lawlessness, of looseness, of human loss. The family persed and separated in space or

is responsible for its own, for keeping, for caring for; for love, for distance."

loyalty. The chief responsibility of parents is "to bring up [their] children How fortunate it would have

in light and truth"2—to love, to teach, to train, to take the time it takes. been had the government and

A certain woman was heard to say as she observed a manly young man: citizens of the United States, at the

"I would give twenty years of my life to have such a son."And the time the gospel of Jesus Christ was

mother of the young man was heard to say: "That's what I have givenrestored to the earth, paid heed to

twenty years of my life to have such a son."But what better purpose Washington's words; how great a

would there be to take time for? Where in all the whirl of running blessing it might yet be to the

around and splintering our lives into a thousand less meaningful interests United States and to all the world and activities, where could we better take time? Where could we better if even today we would pay heed:

invest for the future than in our families? Any man who is too busy "The citizens of America, placed

to enjoy his family, too busy to be closely acquainted with his children, in the most enviable condition...

is too busy. He is overbalanced. "The home is the source of our national are, from this period, to be conlife,"said President David O. McKay. It is also the source of our sidered as the actors on a most

personal lives, and in a sense the determiner of our everlasting lives. conspicuous theatre, which seems

And so today our plea for parents is to take the time it takes to draw to be peculiarly designated by near to those whom God has given. Let there be love at home. Let Providence for the display of

there be tenderness and teaching and caring for, and not a shifting human greatness and felicity....

of responsibility onto others. God grant that we may never be too busy It is in their choice, and depends

to do the things that matter most, for it is "home [that] makes the man!"upon their conduct, whether they

will be respectable and prosperous, or contemptible and miserable, as a nation.... The eyes of the whole

* "The Spoken Word"from Temple world are turned upon them....

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia BroadIt will be worthy of a free, encasting System December 11, 1966. Copyright 1966. lightened, and,... a great nation,

Samuel Smiles, Character: HomePoicer. to give to mankind the magnani-

=D&C 93:40. mous and too novel example of a

people always guided by an exalted justice and benevolence."O

14 Improvement Era Good Books for Every Reading Taste... from DESERET BOOK

MARY FIELDING SMITHBIOGRAPHIES jUttf TiMI—Daughter of Britain

by Don C. Corbett $J50

A significant biography of one of the great women of the L.D.S.

Church. This carefully researched

book tells of her early life in Great

Britain, her happy marriage to

Hyrum Smith, his tragic martyrdom, and her enormous efforts in moving her family to Utah and rearing them to be valiant members of the Church.

HIGHLIGHTS IN THE

LIFE OF PRESIDENT B. H. ROBERTS

DAVID O. McKAY A Biography

by Jeanette McKay Morrell by Robert H. Malan (95

$495 A brief sketch of a striking personality who was, during his lifetime, a general authority, an

Touching episodes from the eventful life of a true prophet outstanding missionary, a deof God. Written with warm insight by President McKay's fender of Church doctrine, a skillsister, this book portrays the greatness of his leadership ful recorder and interpreter of

oraan eloquent history, Church of depth and humility us of the personal while reminding spokespolitical powerful tor, a people. his beloved of him so that have character made soldier, a statesman. and a man,

LD.S. FICTION INFORMATIVE NONFICTION

STRANGERS ON EARTH THE LATTERDAY SAINT THE ART OF HOMEMAKING

FAMILY A Book of Selected (Revised and

Readings enlarged) by Sara, and Porter by Daryl Hoole Black by Blaine R. Irene

$395 6flB<H colorful selections Outstanding and The exciting SBOH colof leadthe works of story from the Mormon Outstanding new in Designed book Mexico. onies ing authorities. This to supplement ARTp| material

experiis factual to help Latterday on based of informawealth the is the importance realize an accurate ences, and Saints! H0MAKING in the first tion found

times unit, and of of the and picture the family ediThis new it against the strengthen respondSaints of the wholife beaucontains many in /ft edition.tion call influences to the courage weakening with ed illustrations tiful and

world. in today's colonize Chihuahua to photographs.

and Sonora. 6.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY, 44 East So. Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

or 777 South Main, Orange, California 92669

Please send the books or items circled: 12 3 4 5 6

Enclosed residents Orange store. Or charge my established account. HeseretCOMPANY Bond orderingis check/moneyfrom SaltorderLakeforstorefull amountor 4% salespurchased,tax for Californiaincluding 3i%residentssalesorderingtax for Utahfrom

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL Total $

SALT LAKE CITY BLVD., 2472 WASHINGTON OGDEN Name CALIFORNIA 777 ST., ORANGE, SO. MAIN

Address

City State Zip MAIL THIS COUPON I wish to open a charge account, please send information. Feb. Era 67

of the Dr. Leroy General J. Robertson Music is chairman Church and Committee

internationally the respected having composer, The an 1947 won $25,000 prize

Era decoratedfor Trilogy,by theKingbestPaul symphonicof Greece forworkhis insymphonythe WesternPassacaglia,Hemisphere.and hisHechoralwas

Asks andcompositionchamberonmusicthe Mormonis performedtheme worldwide.is Oratorio fromBrotherthe Robertson'sBook of Mormon.bestknown

About Latter day Saint Hymns

Q—One of your committee's ashoping that eventually they can be zation of the Church a revelation

signments is to provide hymns for presented in a convincing manner was given through the Prophet the Church. In your opinion, what and be accepted. Joseph Smith to his wife Emma to

makes a good hymn? Many people in all churches are compile a hymnbook for the

A—One of the earliest definitions moved by the singing of socalled Church. (D&C 25:1012.)

of a hymn was that it should be a "gospel"or revivalistic hymns. Two years later W. W. Phelps

song of praise to the Lord. The Others feel that these pieces are was instructed to correct and print

Apostle Paul's view was that elemore secular than sacred and the hymns so selected. A number

ments of "teaching and admonishshould not be used in church serof these hymns were published in ing"should also be considered. vices. I believe that the majority the Evening and Morning Star

Many hymns are spiritual songs of our Church members feel today, during 1832 and 1833. Unfortusung for the exhortation, encouras they have always felt, that the nately the printing press was deagement, and uplift of the congregreat doctrines of the gospel should stroyed and much of this material

gation. Good hymns are written be expressed with worthy, noble was lost.

in the language of prayer, praise, words set to music that intensifies But the work was resumed, and faith, and selfcommitment, and as and glorifies the meaning of the in 1835 90 hymns were published such they become a vital part of doctrines expressed.—including 38 by members of the

religious worship. Q—How were the hymns selected Church, and 29 by Phelps himself.Q—Is your concern mainly with that make up our present hymn- Q—Do we sing in the Church toidealogical values? book? day any of those first 90 hymns?

A—I should like to think so, but A—Since our present hymnbook A—Twentynine hymns of that first

since hymns are generally sung by contains numbers that have apcompilation are included in our people of various artistic ideals, peared in all previous editions, it present hymnbook. The hymns of

tastes, and opinions, it often beis probably best to discuss this in that original edition were probably comes necessary to modify certain relation to these editions. sung to tunes of Protestant hymns

idealogical concepts for a time, Three months after the organior to familiar ballads or folk melo16 Improvement Era printed music. Some songbooks

were obtained from the east, but they were scarce and expensive.

In 1871 the publication of the 1840 English hymnbook of Parley

P. Pratt was transferred to Salt

Lake. It became known as the

Latterday Saints Hymnbook.

In 1869 Utah Magazine published a song by John Tullidge.

This introduction of music type into Utah journalism made it possible for other journals to print music on a limited basis. The Instructor became active in this field,

and several small volumes of words and music were published during the next two decades.

In 1889 The Latterday Saint's Psalmody was published under the direction of the First Presidency.

The editors were George Careless,

Photos by Lorin Wiggins Ebenezer Beesley, Joseph J.

dies. It was a true hymnbook, havfolk songs and hymns, the most Daynes, Evan Stephens, and

ing words but no music. noted of these being William Thomas C. Griggs. This first edition

In 1840 the first edition of Sacred Clayton's "Come, Come Ye Saints."contained 354 tunes. Threefourths

Hymns and Spiritual Songs was Q—Apparently Latterday Saint of these were written by Latterpublished in England under the creativity had been principally in day Saints, of which onefourth

direction of Parley P. Pratt. This hymn words. When did the Church were "restoration hymns"from the

was one of the most important begin creating its own hymn Latterday Saint Hymn Book, hymnals in the subsequent history music? which had become almost as

of our hymnody. A—Soon after the pioneers reached closely identified with the Church

In Nauvoo in 1841 a revised and Utah, choral singing became popuas the music composed by its memenlarged edition of the hymnal lar. In the 1850's and 1860's convert bers.

was published, but it was the musicians began to arrive from In 1908 Songs of Zion was pubEnglish edition that found favor England and Wales. The oral lished primarily for missionary

with the Saints and was taken by tradition of music began to give work—"to address the sectarian

them westward. This westward way to the study of musical notaworld in its own terms,"with a

exodus produced a new wave of tion and the need for written and total of 260 tunes. More than forty

February 1967 17 percent of these were nonMormon, the majority being "gospel hymns"of the type popular with evangelistic sects of that period. The

remaining 144 were taken from the Psalmody and the auxiliary

Q—Howorganizationwassongbooks.this compilation received?

A—Songs of Zion was received

with such favor that the Deseret

Sunday School Songs was soon patterned after it. This volume

became one of the most popular songbooks in the Church.

Then in 1927 Latterday Saint Hymns was published under the direction of the First Presidency. It

claimed succession to the Latterday Saints'Hymn Book, Psalmody, and Songs of Zion, with the addition of some new hymns.

In 1948 Hymns—The Church of Photo by Eldon Linschoten

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints 1948 edition. In this present hymnties of the Saints. In days of persewas compiled by the general music book our people have provided cution they drew upon it for solace

committee of the Church under about 42 percent of the hymns, and assurance. In days of prosthe direction of the First Presidency both words and music, and 23 perperity it became an iron rod of

and the Council of the Twelve. cent with either words or music; protection against temptations inThis volume contains compositions the remaining 35 percent is from herent in false concepts and ideas.

chosen largely from the Latterday our general Christian heritage, and There was considerable musical

Saint Hymns (1927) and the that—in answer to your questionlife in Nauvoo during the few brief

Deseret Sunday School Songs, is how we got our present hymnyears of peace before the martyralthough in its compilation material book. dom of Joseph Smith. Both vocal

was also drawn from all previous Q—Have the Latterday Saints music and instrumental music were

collections, including the original always been a musical people? widely used for religious, social,

hymnbook compiled by Emma A—Yes, music has always been a and even military purposes. A

Smith. Several original hymns vital force in building and sustaincharter was granted for the estabwere also written and composed ing the morale of the Church. It lishment of a university, and a

by members of the Church for the has been identified with all activi- "Department of Music in the Uni18 Improvement Era

Eight new LDS books that belong on your shelf

1. TRUE TO THE FAITH 4. THE VALLEY OF TOMORROW 7. THE TEN MOST WANTED MEN

Compiled by Llewelyn R. McKay by Gordon T. Allred by Paul H. Dunn

A monumental new book of the sermons and This exciting contemporary novel marks the This great story teiler tells the ten qualities writings of President David 0. McKay. Arranged beginning of a new era in creative L.D.S. writmost desired in a leader. Filled with stirring

alphabetically by subject matter. Inspiring ing. It is the dramatic and descriptive story of examples. $3.95

spiritual counsel from the pen of a prophet. a profound spiritual experience in the life of a

$3.95 young man. Exciting reading. $3.50

8. J. GOLDEN KIMBALL

2. MORMON DOCTRINE by Claude Richards

by Bruce R. McConkie 5. THE MIRACLE OF PERSONALITY The story of a man left fatherless at 15. Virtu-

A summary of the fundamental doctrines of the by Sterling W Sill ally without external restraint, he gravitated to gospel in brief outline form. "Mormon Doctrine"In 52 stimulating chapters, this master storyrough and difficult occupations that could have

explains and analyzes all of the important docteller reveals how famous people have become easily made him oblivious to things of the spirit.

trines of the kingdom. Ideal for personal study, successful, and how you can develop your own However, thru inspiration, ambition caught fire

priesthood and gospel study classes, missionpersonality. $3.75 leaving only the higher way as the acceptable

aries and students. $6.95 way. Truly an enriching and enjoyable biography.

$3.95 3. THE FOURTH THOUSAND YEARS 6. MELVIN J. BALLARD

by W. Cleon Skousen CRUSADER FOR RIGHTEOUSNESS

This is the third volume in W. Cleon Skousen's A stalwart of Mormonism, Melvin J. Ballard

as a speaker, gained stature missionary and Bible. selling Fourth series The on thebest

singer. story of his Order by mail or from your This is the of accomplished the dramatic Years covers sweepThousand

life including some of his outstanding sermons. from the time of David to Christ. Nearlyevents

$3.50 nearby Bookcraft dealer. $6.95900 pages.

BOOKCRAFT 1186 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled book(s) for which I enclose check or money order in the amount of $ 12 3 4 5 6 7 8 Name

Address

City, State, Zip

(Residents of Utah add 3H% sales tax)

February 1967 19 versity of the City of Nauvoo"was As resources for adequate per- a part of the outlined program. formances increase, our Latterday

After the Saints reached the Salt Saint composers and poets will be

Lake Valley, musical needs were motivated to create new and imrecognized in Brigham Young's portant compositions. It is wrong

colonizing program. A musician at any time to stifle the creative

was as important to each expediimpulse, but we must remember tion as was a blacksmith, a carthat a person of talent must subject

if he is to realize the best results. penter,Q—Whator area miller.your thoughts conthis talent to discipline and controlcerning the performance and crea- Q—In a day when so many diftion of music in the Church today? ferent styles of music bombard us,

A—We are concerned with the what is your opinion concerning

problems of music training, perthe music of the future?

formance practices, and the crea- A—We should certainly not close

tion of new compositions. Our our eyes and ears to any music or

talented members now have many worthy work that is not traditional.

opportunities for study with excelWe've had a whole new dimension lent teachers both in and out of given us by the space age, and the Church. some might think that it will not

We have outstanding choirs and affect music and the arts, but it choral groups. We are beginning could. For example, the principle

to develop instrumental performers of the ballast and gravity are appliPhoto by Eldon Linschoten of symphonic ability. It is necescable to music and literature. The haps now that we have gone

sary that we encourage this kind principle of the ballast is that if beyond the attraction of gravity of activity, because the standard you shoot a cannonball, it goes in the theory of the ballast will not repertoire of concert instrumental an arc for a distance and then always be applied to the immamusic, oratorio, opera, and ballet suddenly drops. The ball doesn't terial arts. I often feel that the

is based upon the concept of the drop in the middle of the arc, but music of the future, and church

Viennese Symphony orchestra. In toward the end, where gravity music with it, may well reflect the

order to perform the greatest takes over and pulls the ball down. life and times of things we find

musical literature, it is necessary In music we build to a climax and hard to comprehend today. O

to have instrumentalists who can then come to a rapid conclusion.

play it, singers who can sing it, We have now found that gravity and conductors who can rehearse does not operate in space as it does Dr. Robertson wishes to acknowledge

and conduct it. Our accomplishon the earth. Things have been set twomusic:sourcesBorrowedof informationMusic Inon MormonChurch

ments already indicate that Latterloose. Hymnody, doctoral dissertation by Dr.

day Saints are on the threshold of What is the new law upon which Williamof MormonLeroyHymnsWilkes,by J.Jr.,Spencerand StoriesCornrealizing this great ideal. the arts will base themselves? Perwall.

20 Improvement Era The listening is good on

home of radio with personality

Tom Bradshaw Charles Freed Bob Simmons Sherry Sailer

KSL Crossroads KSL Windows Personality. KSL Morning Personality. KSL Glamour Personality.

Personality. Energetic, Perceptive, talented Radio veteran and a Charming and intelligent

effervescent host of the creator and narrator of candidate for a Ph.D. reporter of the feminine

diversified afternoon KSL's exclusive unique Comments and music world around her.

Crossroads Show. features called mornings and on

Windows. "Weekends."

Hal Peterson Herb Jepko Lynn Adair Bob Welti

KSL Sophisticated KSL Nitecap Personality. KSL Farm Personality. KSL Weather Personality.

Personality. Professional, Leader of 50,000 Recognized farm Weather or not—

personable, persuasive, Nitecappers nightly. authority covers a cloudy, snowy or rainy,

salesminded and all night—plus an 30,000 mile farmbeat weatherman Welti

likeable. additional 300,000 each year to report brings brightness.

"listeners"all over authoritatively.

the world.

Paul James Dr. Elliot Landau Wes Bowen Ted Capener

KSL Sports Personality. KSL Counseling KSL Pulse Personality. KSL Business

Crisp, accurate, conv Personality. Perceptive Knowledgeable, inPersonality. Young

plete coverage of all insight, experience and depth studies of news maturity with staturesports plus exclusive common sense are happenings and human plus. Corporate News

coverage of B.Y.U. kneaded out daily to events. Congenial host Director and reports

sports events. help parents rear their of Public Pulse. the Business News.

children.

Joe Meier Wes Vernon Carolyn Dunn

KSL Homemaker Yes, Versatile Personality. KSL KSL News

Personality. the With

Writer, Personality. Serious, capable, awardExtension U.S.U.

entertainer singer, folk winning newsman.

Service, Carolyn passes of host the and reports and Seeks out her of on knowledge Meier imaginative Joe indepth, the the food marketing and evenings. hidden. show

Interesting preparation. Plus!

upto-theminute. and

'ace Setting Local and CBS News

Complete Sports Coverage.

Listenable Music. DIAL

Delightful Conversation.

Enjoyable and Enlightening Features. 1160

YOUR FRIEND AND COMPANION 24 HOURS A DAY 50,000 WATT CBS CLEARCHANNEL VOICE FOR WESTERN AMERICA

February 1967 21 0. Pat Barney, counselor at Jefferson High School,

Portland, is a of Oregon, the Portland Ninth member One of the great concerns of the Church is the bishopric father six the children. of Ward and He

attended Brigham Young University and received his attendance of its young people at sacrament meeting, bachelor's degree from the University of Utah and Sunday School, MIA, and, for the boys, priesthood doctor of education degree from the University of Oregon. meeting. In wards and stakes everywhere leaders

meet regularly to discuss the activity of youth and to consider methods of reactivating those boys and girls who have dropped from active participation. How to Identify As an incentive for increased participation in the

Potential toChurchthose programs,Aaronic PriesthoodIndividualmembersAwardsandareyoungpresentedgirls who attend at least 75 percent of the meetings, in addition to fulfilling other requirements. Many do Church not achieve this annual recognition, because they

have not attended the required number of meetings Dropouts or have not met the other qualifications.

What can we do to reactivate these youths? Some

answers and clues may be found in the public school system, where considerable research has been conducted on the dropout problem. Perhaps a review of

pertinent research and an analysis of common factors may prove fruitful for a solution of the church dropout problem.

A study conducted by the Michigan State Curriculum Committee on School Holding Power has given some characteristics of the potential school dropout.

If these characteristics are grouped arbitrarily as "predisposing factors"and as "signs of alienation,"with terminology changed to fit the church situation, we have the following lists.

Predisposing factors (defined as those conditions in the lives of boys or girls that are likely to cause them to find little or no interest or satisfaction in church activities):

1. Frequent changes of ward social class, dress,

because family moves. nationality, or personality.

2. Nonacceptance by teachers, 6. Inability to afford

quorum advisers, bishopric, expenditures for such and other ward leaders. things as summer camps,

3. Nonacceptance by classcraft materials, manuals.

mates in MIA, Sunday School, 7. Serious physical or

and Aaronic Priesthood groups. emotional handicap.

4. Unhappy and/or unsettled 8. Past record of delinquency.

family situation. (This should be viewed

5. Marked difference from as a predisposing factor

other members in same only, since the principle of age groups in regard to repentance should always size, interests, physique, be considered.)

Signs of alienation (those behaviors that show that the young person has found little or no interest or

I. '.

By 0. Pat Barney Research on the school dropout problem

22 Improvement Era satisfaction in church activity and has moved in the The Individual Award programs of the Church are direction of inactivity): especially well designed for helping young people

1. Consistent failure to 4. Active antagonism toward get a feeling of success, satisfaction, and joy through

achieve in Scouts, Beehive auxiliary teachers, quorum participation in the Church. A feeling of belonging, a

class, and other auxiliary advisers, bishopric, true esprit de corps, can be built in the individual "reward"programs. 5. Marked distinterest in members of groups through participation in important

2. Consistent church failure to meetings, with feelings and worthwhile group activities. The activity renot belonging. achieve the Individual Award. of

3. Irregular attendance, 6. Nonparticipation in quirements of the Individual Award not only instill

attending opening exercises summer camps, class or quothis feeling of group membership but also train and but not classes, leaving rum outings, MIA activities, instruct. Young men and women are encouraged to

before completion of meetings, 7. Current record of give public addresses and to participate in welfare

wandering during services. delinquency. service or quorum projects. Young men collect fast

In studying factors predisposing young people to offerings, home teach, and speak in or conduct cottage delinquency, it has been found that home factors, meetings. Participation in these activities can help

particularly the role of the father and mother, are of young people gain insight into their own worthwhilevital importance. The love, supervision, discipline, ness and value to the group as well as to develop

and atmosphere found in the homes of boys and girls their talents.

of our wards are vital forces affecting the way these A personal interview by the bishop or an auxiliary young people perceive the ChurcK and its role in leader shows the youth that he is important enough their lives. for some busy person to take time with him. When

When young people do not easily fit in with the a boy or girl has been absent from meetings, a home group, when factors exist that make it difficult for them visit by the adviser, working with the home teachers, to have feelings of success in church activities, when may be made to ascertain the reason for the absence the home fails to provide youth the necessary stability and to invite the youth to future meetings. The

and direction, the ward leaders who are engaged in properly conducted interview by the bishop or the youth programs must fill the void. Those members home visit by the adviser can have a most salutary

of the Church called to work with youth must get effect on the way a young person sees himself in close to each boy and girl. They must, through relation to others.

genuine interest, get to know particularly well those Positive action in preventing youth from dropping young Latterday Saints who can be characterized out of church activity can be taken. Leaders should

by one or several predisposing factors. These are observe and carefully study the records and actions

the youth who require frequent interviews, visits by of each boy and girl and identify those who are home teachers, rides to functions, invitations, and sinpredisposed to drop from activity as well as those cere interest and appreciation. who have moved from active participation. This may

A most important need of youth is a feeling of be done by referring to the aforementioned behavior success, of being able to contribute to the general factors.

welfare, and of being needed and considered imCare should be taken that these young people are portant. Alfred Adler defined this as social interest. not labeled as delinquent or problem children, so that

Those who are being challenged, who find life worthpositive attitudes may help sustain them, their agewhile, and who are doing things for the welfare of group friends, and youth workers. Positive action

others and of society in general exhibit a great deal can be taken by ward leaders who know which persons of social interest. Those who are doing none of these are not gaming feelings of success, have little

things and who find no success and no reward for feeling of belonging, and are discouraged with living are very discouraged and consequently exhibit the programs of the Church. Added effort can be

little social interest. Their time and energy are spent made to visit them in their homes, to interview them,

either in protecting themselves or in trying to prove to to involve them in meaningful activities, and to just themselves and to others that they really are worthlet them know that they are worthwhile, important while individuals. persons who are needed. O

gives valuable insight into reasons for Church inactivity, claims the author.

February 1967 23 "All Vve heard is church, baptism, blessings, tithing, Word of Wisdom, and meetings.

Vm sick of it do you understand? Sick!''

The

. 1 IflllllV-'

By G. Morris Rowley

(Part 2)

As the months blended into years, the life of Tom and Betty

Carlson established a pattern. Tom was successful as a salesman, providing all the lovely things that make life pleasant—rugs, draperies,

cars, trips, and sports. Anything her heart desired was Betty's for the

askingexcept that which she wanted most—a husband who presided

. over the home by virtue of his priesthood and who would bind that

home together in eternal unity.

To say that Tom had broken his promise to take Betty to the temple would not be quite accurate. He still intended to do so. He would get

around to it someday, but not just yet.

As time went by, Charles and Robert came to join the family.

They were only fourteen months apart. Three years later Patricia was

born.

But there was a special place in Tom's heart for Becky. It was

always she who raced down the walk to meet him as he came from work. Tom and Becky had lots of talks together about "grownup"

things. Perhaps Tom's greatest pleasure was to hold her on his knee,

her brown curls pressed against his cheek, as he read again and again the old, familiar tales and poems about princes and fairies, ghosts and elves, and Christmas. She asked lots of questions and laughed with

sheer delight at "Daddy's funny answers."

The blessing of the baby, Patricia, would be awkward. It had

been difficult for Betty to get Tom to fast meeting when the two boys were blessed, and he seemed more reluctant than ever each time church was mentioned. While he still was cordial to the home teachers, he

always found ways of keeping them from talking about the gospel.

This, however, was becoming more difficult, since Brother Merrill had been reassigned to the Carlsons.

At supper one evening, the week before fast meeting, Becky asked, "Daddy, are you going to bless Patricia?"

Betty's heart sank.

"No, Pet. The bishop's supposed to do that."

"But Laura's daddy blessed their baby."

Tom was searching for an answer as Betty came to the rescue.

"Daddy would like the bishop to do it for him,"she said.

Tom was grateful. "I have to take her up to the bishop,"he added.

8MMWMM

* V

Almost without thinking Tom had committed himself to attend and -4 to stand in the circle.

But things were not smooth at fast meeting, and Tom returned in a huff. John Menlove had borne his testimony and discussed the Word

of Wisdom. "He was looking right at me half of the time,"Tom

complained, "and Brother Windsor testified to the importance of tithing—

for my benefit."

But the thing that really annoyed Tom was the longfaced testimony of Larry Beaman, in which he mentioned Tom by name. He was glad

to see Tom taking part in church, he had said, and he hoped Tom would repent and do the right thing for his family's sake, if not for his own.

Betty tried to assure him that those who spoke about the Word of Wisdom and tithing had good intentions and probably didn't know anything about Tom's problems. But all that she said was to

no avail.

All of this was not a good omen for Becky's baptismal date. How

Becky longed to have her daddy baptize her. Tom couldn't possibly

understand what it could mean to an eightyear-old whose friends'fathers had baptized them, and whose Primary teacher had suggested that "perhaps your Daddy would like to do it."

Thursday evening was Tom's bowling night. The two boys and

Patricia had been put to bed, and Becky sat on the rug reading a book.

Betty was looking out the window and seeing nothing.

Becky looked up. "Did you ask Daddy yet?"she asked.

Betty knew about what, but she asked just the same. "About what?"

"About baptizing me,"Becky said simply.

"Not yet.""Why not? Don't you think he will?"she asked.

"I don't know, Becky. I hope he will. Maybe you should ask him 1 I

when he comes home. I'm not sure you should be baptized now anyway, i!

if you are not over that cold,"she added.

"I'll be all right. Let me ask Daddy myself when he comes home."

"Perhaps it would be just as well if you did,"replied Betty.

The doorbell rang. It was Brother Merrill, their home teacher. After

the usual greetings, he announced his errand.

The quarrel, the bitterness seemed so far away now as Betty blurted out,

She 3s been unconscious since one o'clock—and

they've done a spinal tap."

"Brother White reminded me this morning that Becky is eight years old now, old enough to be baptized,"he said. "I came to see if

I can help you make the necessary arrangements."

"That's very thoughtful of you,"said Betty. "Becky and I were just

talking about it."

"As part of the home teaching program, we are to check on such matters with the family and give whatever help and encouragement we can. Do you want to be baptized?"he asked Becky.

"Yes,"she said, "and I want my

Daddy to baptize me."

"I think that would be nice. Have

you asked him?"

"Not yet."Brother Merrill suggested that

Betty and Becky see the bishop and request a recommend.

As the conversation concluded,

Tom came in the back door. "Anyone home?"he called from the

kitchen. "Yes,"Betty answered. "Becky

and I are in the living room, and the boys and Patsy are in bed.

Come on in. Brother Merrill is

here."Tom came in, shook hands with Brother Merrill rather formally, and sat down.

"Well,"he said, "what is the lesson about this month?"

"I really didn't come to give a lesson tonight. We had our lesson

last week. Brother White suggested

that I come and discuss Becky's baptism with you."

"I see,"said Tom.

Becky went to her father, put member of the Church. I don't that she had done something

her arm across his shoulders, and hold any priesthood of any consewrong, that she was really the asked, "Daddy, will you baptize quence, I guess, but I'm head of cause of the whole thing. All were

me?"Now her cheek was against my house. I don't need anyone to trying to force food down; none

his. come in and tell me or my wife or but the small ones were succeeding.

Tom's answer was evasive. my daughter what to do. I'll thank Suddenly Becky began to cry.

"Becky, your cheek is hot. Don't you to leave my house. From now "Mommy, Daddy, please be nice to

you feel well?"on we'll make our own decisions."each other,"she sobbed, and she

Again there was silence. Betty "Tom!"Betty cried, as Brother ran to her room.

broke it. "Tom, don't you think Merrill walked slowly from the Tom threw his napkin on the

you could? You know what it room. As the door closed, she extable, put his coat on, and moved

means to her."claimed, "Tom, for the first time in toward the door.

"I'll have to think about it,"he my life, I'm ashamed of you. You "Tom, please...,"was all Betty

said irritably. know very well that Brother Mercould say as he stormed from the

Becky began to cry and ran into rill and I were not plotting against house.

her bedroom. you. You know that we were only By Saturday morning, baptism

"Now what's the matter with planning for Becky's baptism beday, some degree of composure had her? I didn't say I wouldn't."cause you don't seem to care returned to the Carlson household.

"You didn't say you would, enough to do it. Brother Merrill When Becky and Betty returned

either,"said Betty. "Tom, she was simply doing his duty."from the service, Tom was not at

isn't feeling too well, and she's been Now they were shouting. "Betty, home. The house seemed quiet

planning on this for a long time."it seems to me that for months all and empty. Then it was Becky who

"I can't see why it makes so I've heard is church, baptism, blessbroke the stillness.

much difference to her,"he said, ings, tithing, Word of Wisdom, and "Mommy,"she said, "I'm glad raising his voice a little. meetings. I'm sick of it, do you today. All my sins are washed

"Because she idolizes you, and understand? Sick! So help me, if away."

because her baptism means a great you don't—if you don't lay off this "That's right."Betty managed a

deal to her."Betty's voice was business, I'll leave this house smile as she clasped the child's

firm. permanently."hands in hers and bent to kiss them.

"Tom, this would be a wonderBetty burst into tears as Tom "I love you, Mommy, and I love ful thing for all of you,"suggested slammed the door. Daddy too. Mommy, where is

Brother Merrill. Breakfast next morning was a Daddy?"

But Tom was not convinced. In somber affair. Tom had come home "I don't know,"Betty responded

fact, his irritation was coming to very late the night before to find absently. "I'm sure he'll be coming

the surface. "What is this?"he Betty composed, awake, but very soon."

said, looking at Brother Merrill. quiet. Neither said a word, but "Mommy, my head hurts! You

"Is this some kind of conspiracy? neither had slept. Now they sat at seem far away."

You and Betty put Becky up to breakfast in stony silence, even the Betty pulled her close. Her face

this."children sensing something was registered alarm. "I'm right here,

Brother Merrill raised his hand. wrong. Becky glanced from one to dear. Where does it hurt?"

"Tom, I assure you..."the other, wishing they would talk. Becky put her hand to the back

Tom didn't let him finish. Breakfast was usually such a happy of her head as she sank to the floor.

"Brother Merrill, I'm not a decent family time. Somehow she felt It was 11 p.m. when Tom met

28 Improvement Era name of Jesus.'Will you pray for me, D...?"She lapsed again into Draw

unconsciousness Tom sank to his knees and knelt beside Becky's bed for long moLincoln ments. He was unaware that Betty

had joined him and was kneeling there silently beside him. At length

his voice become audible through his sobs. "Father in heaven, I—I don't

know whether or not you even know me. You could have forgotten me long ago, and probably

should have, but you know Becky here. She is one of your brightest

angels. I have done nothing to deserve her, the other children, or

Betty, but from the bottom of my heart I thank you for them. I

thank you for things too numerous to mention. But, Heavenly Father,

I have a great need, as you can see.

My Becky is—is very sick. No one

Betty in the corridor of the hoscan save her unless you do."Therepital. Agony was written in every was a long silence, and then: "I v

line of his face. The quarrel, the beg of you, because begging is all

bitterness, the angry verbal ex- I have the right to do, I beg of you AWARDED MONTHLY:

change now seemed so far away, so to save my Becky. In the name of $675.00 Scholarship

trivial. Betty stretched her arms Jesus Christ. Amen."in Commercial Art

toward him as he approached. They Tom gathered himself up and,

embraced. discovering Betty, assisted her to Draw Lincoln in pencil—but

"Is Becky going to be all right?"her feet. By this time Betty was make your drawing a different

he asked anxiously. sobbing violently. They walked size from the picture shown.

"I don't know, Tom. She's been from the room together. If you win the scholarship

unconscious since one o'clock. The tense, emotionladen vigil in prize, you get the complete

They've done a spinal tap, but they the hospital dragged into days and course in commercial art taught leading America's home by said ithaven't much. Dr. Brown has eternities. then into seemed

Instruction art Art How study school—specialists."incalled long some it since that was Saturday will personal receive Schools. You I see her?"night? "Can Betty found it necessary professional attention from

"Yes, but they are not allowing to be with the small ones at home, commercial artists in the fields anyone else."but she came back to the hospital of advertising art, illustrating,

Tom turned toward Becky's prias often as she could. Betty's cartooning and painting.

vate room. He hesitated momenmother and father had stayed a Even if you do not win, you will

tarily, then walked toward the night or two, but both had caught get a professional estimate of door. As he entered the room he colds and, of course, were not your talent without cost.

could see Becky's pale face turned allowed to be in the hospital. Tom Entries for current contest must

toward the dim lamp. Her limp stayed almost constantly with be in before March 31, 1967.

little hand sagged over the bedside. Becky. He paced the floor and None can be returned. Our

She was breathing heavily. He then tried to read. He thought of students and professional artists

eligible. the Clip coupon not are hisapproached dire things, placed and the bed to and he prayed God

right away! mail it below and foreher burning theycool hand on wouldn't rehappen. he And

head. Slowly her eyes opened and membered the little sweet things

focused. As she recognized her he and Becky used to do together; i/art instruction schools

daddy, she smiled. the things she said; the times he Studio 7F3790 500 So. Fourth St.,

"Daddy,"she said, "I knew you was too abrupt; the times he didn't Minneapolis, Minn. 55415

would come."have time. Tom had relived a Please enter my drawing in your

"I'm here, Becky."thousand times that morning when draw-a-head contest (wlease print)

She rested momentarily, and he had stomped out of the house. N a m e... -then—How could a grown man behave so

"Daddy, can you pray?"much like a child? Occupation Age

"I—I don't know,"he stammered. Tom was pacing again. This

"It's easy,"she said between was Thursday morning. He tried Address Apt

breaths. "You just talk to our to focus his eyes. It was Betty. City State

Father in heaven, thank him for "Tom, how is she?"

your blessings, and ask for what "No change,"he muttered. County..... Zip Code.....

you want. Then you say, 'in the "Tom, you must go home and

Accredited by the Accrediting Commission of the National Home Study Council.

February 1967 29 "Thanks again. I honestly didn't believe

anyone could be rest. You haven't shaved for three so thoughtful

haven't decent had a days. You 1 t 1 -

rest night's for nearly a week. anaA nelPJulh

You'll be sick."

"I can't leave her. Besides, you

need to be with the kids."

"You must go home, Tom."Betty

was almost pleading. "We'll just

have to find someone to stay tonight."But who? This was a good question. Tom's family was a thousand

miles away. Their friends? There Illustrated by Richard Brown

were lots of them, but 'they were % the kind you enjoy at parties, and you could hardly involve them in your personal troubles.

Then Tom had an idea. Les 'jimmtxMiiwimmmtwm

Walker. Going to the phone booth

he fumbled through the directory and then dialed.

"Hello. Les?"

"Hi, Tom. Where have you li.i.lMu:. i

been?""I've been right here at the opened as Tom's hand was reachHe stood there a full sixty seconds hospital."ing for the latch, and Brother before turning and moving slowly,

"You sick or something?"Merrill entered. deliberately to the dining room

"No, but Becky is. Very sick. "Tom, Betty, how is Becky? Why table where Betty and Sister MerLes, I wonder if you could come didn't you call me?"rill were still seated.

over and stay with her a while?"Tom was puzzled. "Do you have "Sister Merrill, I have no words

"Well... I'd be glad to, but I've someone here in the hospital?"he to express my appreciation to you

been trying to work out that group asked. and your husband. Thank you so

program with the Houston people, "Yes—Becky Carlson. I'm much."He moved around the

and I have a bowling date with ashamed that I didn't come sooner, table toward Betty, took her by

Don McBride tonight. But I might but I didn't know, Tom."both hands, and said, "We must

be able to work something out a "You—after the way I treated pray again for Becky."

little later."jyou? You are here—to help us?"Tears flooded Betty's eyes as she

Tom placed the receiver slowly "Of course."turned to Sister Merrill. "Will you

in place. His thoughts ran to "But why?"join us?"

other business associates. Larry! Brother Merrill's hand was on They were on their knees for

Sure, Larry Beaman. He had taught Tom's shoulder. "Because I think some time before Tom found the

in the Sunday School. Tom pawed the world of you and your family, words he needed or the strength to

through the phone book again, and because you're my brother. express them; then, with tired

then dialed with unsteady finger. Now what do we need to do?"Bevoice and deliberate, firm lan-

"Hello, Larry? This is Tom fore Tom had time to answer, guage, he began: "Father, we are

Carlson."Brother Merrill added, "The first still greatly upset and worried

"Tom! How are you?"thing, it seems to me, is that you'd about our Becky. She's tiny and

"Not too well. Becky is ill. better go home, get yourself a innocent and shouldn't be called

We've been in the hospital with shower and a shave, and go to bed. upon to suffer as she is. We,

her for nearly a week. We need I'll stay right here, and the moment therefore, beg of you, take away

help. The doctors want someone there's a change, I'll call you."her suffering. It was Becky who

other than the nurses here so that Tom's eyes were swimming. It taught me to pray, and it has been

we can keep in touch. Could you took effort to answer. "Thank through her long hours, of illness

—well, tonight could you—?"you,"he said. "Thank you!"that I have learned much more.

"I'm afraid not tonight, Tom. I As Tom and Betty came into the These lessons have come hard, but

have a meeting. Maybe tomorrow house, they were greeted by Sister they are sure, and I promise to be

night..."Grace Merrill. Round, efficient, true to them all the days of my

"But we need... oh well, thank motherly, she was a 65year-old life."Tom now drew a long

you anyway."Tom hung up again. dynamo. The house was immacubreath that became a sob, deep as

"I guess there is just one thing late, the table was set, the children his soul, as he continued. "Take her

left to do,"he said. "I'll go home were in bed, and order had somehome, Father, if you must; but

and clean up and take care of the how come out of chaos in the make her well if it's your will; for

kids. I'll try to rest a little and Carlson home. we now say with our whole heart,

then come back."Wearily Tom showered, shaved, 'Thy will be done.'In the name of

"You'd better stay home all night ate a bowl of soup, and started for Jesus Christ. Amen."

and let me stay here."his bedroom. He stopped, his Then Tom arose, patted Sister

They walked toward the door. It hand on the bedroom doorknob. Merrill on the shoulder, kissed

30 Improvement Era wstai*

Betty, and went toward the bedblinked his eyes and shook himself prayer and ask the blessing. Betty

room. "You'll call, won't you?"he a little to try to make sure that looked a little startled, but comasked over his shoulder. this was real. plied. Tom reached for the bacon,

"The minute I hear anything,"Looking at the bed, he disand then put his fork back on the answered Sister Merrill. covered that Betty was still asleep. table. He got up, went to the

Although Tom was completely This made it difficult to explain kitchen cupboard, and took down dissolved in fatigue, he slept the aroma of fried bacon. He the fivepound can of coffee, but

tensely. After only about thirty roused her, and they went into the he didn't go to the stove. He started

minutes the phone rang. He sat kitchen. Here they discovered for the back door. Betty watched,

up in bed and listened to Grace Brother and Sister Merrill, who had perplexed and fascinated. Finally

Merrill's quiet voice. prepared an abundant breakfastcuriosity overpowered her, and she

"Hello. Yes... Yes, I'll call bacon, eggs, and the trimmings. asked, "Tom, what on earth are you

him."The children were dressed and doing?"

Tom was at the door before she playing quietly in the kitchen. "I'm taking this out to the

said, "Tom, it's George at the It was Betty who spoke first. garbage."

hospital.""Oh, how wonderful! How thoughtHe returned to the house with a

His hand trembled as he lifted ful!"triumphant look on his face.

the receiver. "Hello... Yes... Grace smiled. "We were so Then he went to the den and

She what?"His head bowed. He excited and relieved when we emerged with four cartons of

was silent momentarily, and then heard the good news about Becky cigarettes and walked with resoluhe breathed, "Thank God. Oh, that we couldn't sleep much, so tion to the blazing fireplace, where

thank God! Thanks for calling. we thought we'd let you,"she said. he deposited his burden. "I hope

Goodbye.""And we took full advantage,"the air pollution authorities are in

By now Betty was in the living Betty said. the next county for the next few

room. "Tom?"she asked. "You were exhausted."minutes,"he observed.

"Becky's conscious. She's asking "I really don't know what we'd He again sat down to the table

for us."have done without you the last 36 and took out his checkbook. "How

Betty melted in Tom's arms.... hours,"Tom admitted. "Won't you much tithing do you suppose we

The sun's rays streamed through join us?"owe for this year?"

the bedroom, arousing Tom. It "No, thanks. Now that you're "I don't know."Betty gulped.

was late. He could smell the up and can look after the small "I expect if we were honest we'd

tantalizing aroma of freshly fried ones, we'll be running along."pay a thousand dollars."

bacon. He yawned, laced his "I'm a little late for work,"Without further comment, Tom

fingers behind his head, and reBrother Merrill said. "I'd better wrote the check and handed it to

laxed, his mind going back over be on my way."As he moved toher. "On our way to the hospital,

the wonderful moments following ward the door, Tom grasped his we'll stop to see the bishop."

Brother Merrill's phone call—the hand. "Thanks again,"he said. As she looked at it, Betty caught

hurried trip to the hospital and "I honestly didn't believe anyone her breath. "Where did you get

then the assurance from Dr. could be so thoughtful and helptwelve hundred free dollars?"

Brown: "She's had a close call, and ful.""This is my new boat,"he said

though I can't explain it at all, As they turned their attention casually. "The old one is not bad.

she's all right now and going to be once more toward the bacon and Besides, I have a feeling I won't as normal as apple pie."Tom eggs, Tom asked Betty to offer have much use for it anyway."O

February 1967 31

For Better Health Sunday School Union was anThe Church Moves On nounced. Assistant general superintendents are Lynn S. Richards

Try Lyman's Daily Supply and Royden G. Derrick. It was announced that Homer

Tablets to F. Royle of the Alpine (Utah)

Stake has been called as a mission

FORTIFY THE BEST POSSIBLE president. (This was announced on November 1966 January 7 as the West Spanish

DIET YOU CAN GET American Mission. President Keith

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of Romney of that Mission is being the Council of the Twelve transferred to the Southeast MexiWork, exercise, recreation, along dedicated Italy for the preaching can Mission, succeeding President with rest, sleep, and relaxation are of the gospel. E. Seville Hatch.)

all important to good health.

Daily are all NATSupply Lyman's the Aires Stake, Stake (Utah) Sunset Buenos was multiple potency in the URAL high direction organized 423rd functioning under the vitaIjlJ min and mineral tablets. Church, was organized by Elder of Elder Mark E. Petersen of the

Spencer W. Kimball of the Council Council of the Twelve and Elder

Sill, FrankSterling Assistant Elder to the of the and Twelve W. of tablets an can these be use The

to Assistant lin (California) Richards, Fremont the Twelve; D. and

in link chain of things the important susthe Abrea organized with Angel under Twelve, Stake was that maintain get and do to you tained as president and Hugo direction of Elder Marion G.

betterthan-average feeling of wellbeing. Angel Catron and Juan Carlos Romney of the Council of the

Avila as counselors. It was here Twelve and Elder John Longden,

in Argentina, on Christmas Day in Assistant to the Twelve. These

We believe that prevention is bet1925, that Elder Melvin J. Ballard brought the number of stakes now

ter than cure. Why not take everyof the Council of the Twelve dedifunctioning to 425. John L. Nichday some of all the vitamins and cated South America for the olas was sustained president of

minerals that are known to be preaching of the gospel. Sunset Stake with Odell B. Cutler

needed as well as many of those and Kenneth H. Rock as counbelieved by nutritionists to be New stake presidencies susselors; C. Russell Hansen was

helpful. tained: President Marion G. sustained president of North Davis

Forsyth and counselors Heber C. Stake with Lincoln B. Gardner and

Robinson and Edward S. CovingElwood S. Johnston as counselors.

Many people are pleasantly surton, in the North Rexburg ( Idaho President Francis B. Winkel of

prised by the favorable results they "Stake; President Don R. Earl and Hayward Stake was sustained as

get in a matter of days with Lycounselors Wells B. Mendenhall president of the Fremont Stake

man's Daily Supply Tablets. and Narvel J. Scherzinger, Liberty with Andrew G. Hunt and Sterling

(Salt Lake City) Stake; President Nicolaysen as counselors, and Dacounselors Burns and as sustained vid George R. McClellan was W. tabfor the Send size—500 Turner and James E. president Stake Frank H. with of Hayward lets for 2c only than family$8.95—less

Sr., in ( TenStewart, the Memphis Nielsen E. and Joel P. Gold Dale will tablet. for formula each The

compare favorably with tablets at nessee) Stake. as counselors.

two or three times the price. A fourman television production

December 1966 team was in Salt Lake City photographing ward meetings. The 18NOW is the time to use them The appointment of Edwin minute "news break"film will be

through the season of greatest C. (Ned) Winder, former released sometime in January by

need. president of the Florida Mission, American Broadcasting Companyas secretary of the Church MisTV.

sionary Committee was announced.

Clip and Mail The reappointment of R. HulSeventy thousand twinkling bert Keddington to the genChristmas lights—many of eral board of the Young Men's

Lyman, 2431 Don Highland Drive, them new from Italy—were turned Mutual Improvement Association City, Salt Lake Utah

on at Temple Square this evening. was announced.

Please send Daily Supply Tablets, The opera Amahl and the Night The appointments of Gladys free. postage

Visitors was presented twice in the May Densley, Riverton, Utah;

;. $8.95 Tabernacle and will be sung at five Emma J. Farnsworth, Dorthea intiint,tyxw [ 500 tablets

1 100 tablets $1.95 additional performances before Lou Christiansen Murdock, Mary

Christmas. Jane Egan Johnson, all of Salt Lake

City; and Ruby Olson Haight,

[jV The appointment of David Provo, Utah, to the general board

M Lawrence McKay as general of the Primary Association was superintendent of the Deseret announced. O

32 Improvement Era larion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor February 1967

m

fejjgttnfmif h-

v

adventure tremendous "A lifetime."thrill of a"The enthusithe scores of of were some experience"—these "a great boyman in scouting,"

astic expressions from participants in the CanadianUnited States LDS Boy Scout Encampment held at Farragut, Idaho, in the late summer of 1966. More than 3,600 boys and

II naval training men took part in the encampment on the site of a great World War center. The event was planned as an activity to increase brotherhood through Scouting, and the boys from the United States (primarily Idaho, Washington, Montana, and

Oregon) and Canada who took part had a great time bringing the hope to realization.

They loved it! Several of the general authorities of the Church were present at the

encampment, which was planned and supervised by a committee under the direction of

G. Carlos Smith, general superintendent of the YMMIA. The photographs on these

pages demonstrate the wide variety of choice experiences enjoyed by participants. The

statements that follow are # m - - 9.

speeches made taken from flO 16 PSlrfHll GUI the encampment 1 during OjJllllI'll 19 IIC IfCHUll I HIJ

I was a boy twelve years old I was walkMWhening down a street in Ogden, Utah, with my friend.

We heard a noise in the sky and looked up and saw an airplane flying above us making a terrific racket. It was then a great marvel to see an airplane fly, and

I said to my companion, 'Isn't it wonderful?'He said, 'The

most important thing in the world.'When he said that I

stopped and thought and then said, 'No, that's not the most important thing in the world; true religion is the most important thing in the world.'My training in the Church and

in my home had taught me that the guiding light of my life would be the religion to which I belonged.

"As members of the Church we have all the advantages that God has ever given to mankind, and in addition to that he has given us the priesthood, the power and the authority and the assignment to act in his name.

"I believe it was Herbert Hoover who said that a young man has two jobs, one of being a boy and the other of growing up to be a man.

"The real man is the one who matures in spirit... the

one who achieves, who accomplishes... the one who sets a

goal for himself in life and moves forward to that goal."—

Bishop John H. Vandenberg

"I am very thankful for the priesthood that I hold. I am

planning to be a missionary when I'm old enough. I want to

bear my testimony that I am thankful for this Church and—thatGaryI knowRiggs David(Grand 0.CouleeMcKayStake)is the true Prophet of God."

"The priesthood helps us to gain more freedom. It teaches

us to obey our parents and our teachers. The greatest blessings come from doing things willingly and not slothfully.

"Having the priesthood gives me responsibilities that no one else can fulfill. I have the responsibility to learn as much about the gospel

of Jesus Christ as I possibly can. It is then my

X

mm J fc duty to live my life in such a way that I can

M M merit the jobs given me and can magnify them.

"Since I am old enough to hold an office in the Aaronic Priesthood, the Lord must feel that

I am old enough to conduct myself in a pleasing way before him; and so the priesthood can be a guiding line in my life

if I allow it to be. The priesthood helps me do the things

—thatRobertare rightF. Petersonand to (Mesaavoid Stake)the wrong."

"If we could make God the center of our lives in thinking of his children, of those with whom we deal, we would have—sufficientElder DelbertstrengthL. Stapleyto overcome our weaknesses."

"When Joseph Smith kept his appointment with Moroni at

Hill Cumorah, he went with the permission of his father.

Even though he had been told by a divine messenger to go, he first asked the permission of his father and then he went.

If I have any message for you this morning, it is that you cannot go wrong following Joseph Smith's example. Honor

and—ElderobeyS. yourDilworthfatherYoungand mother, as Joseph did."

"As you learn the great ideals of scouting, learn also the principles of the gospel, which include all true principles and ideals.

"The gospel is the only true plan of peace that I know of. It is the only plan that will unite us

together as brethren in Christ. It is the only plan

that doesn't include selfishness and domination but is founded on love and real concern and unselfish sharing.

"Some day each of you boys will be a parent yourself.

You will have the responsibility of bringing up children. Try

now to be the kind of children that you want your own children to be."—Elder Delbert L. Stapley

"Bless you as you return to the wards and stakes from which you come, that you may put into practice in your lives the principles of the Scout oath and law and the gospel, that all of you may be better holders of the priesthood and better

Scouts."—Blaine Watts

"We understand that the sacrament is defined as meaning the sacred binding oath of allegiance, to obey one's leader, and to uphold his standard. Our leader is the Christ; the

standard is the gospel. I think it would be well for us to

always remember this definition, because it is meaningful, and the sacrament becomes more significant."(See photo

on Era cover.)—Elder Delbert L. Stapley

"While we are young we should be striving to build our foundation on Christ. How does one do this?

Through prayer, study, reverence, and living the life God wants us to live."

—Scott Peters (Calgary Stake)

by George G. King could stay excited and active in the Church with

these "lions"laughing at everything he said.

When, at the end of class, the deacon president assigned places for the boys to pass the sacrament in Sunday School, I silently hoped that Daniel spot. to get a choice But he was assigned because he was late. And would NOTICED DANIELI 8"place, which the "number was the I assumed too. of it,I liked him because

I was spending a weekend in Salt Lake City outer lobby and the back rows.

with my cousin, and we had gone to priesthood "Oh, let the whole thing go,"I thought. "Why

meeting. He taught the deacons. should I care so much about where that sloppy

As they filed in the room, most of them smiled kid passes. I don't even know him. He isn't related

a "hello"at me, but none of them spoke; so I took to me."I got up as soon as I could and walked out

a corner chair and proceeded to fall asleep. Soon and sat in the lobby. While I was sitting there a

my subconscious was hearing the speaker, whom boy from the class came and sat beside me, a young asneat was and proper. boy who He had been I later bishop. the learned to be t pass to signed 1"spot. sacrament in the "number directly the door Suddenly behind me was

flung open. "You from here?"I said.

The force of the door's opening pushed me "No, I'm from California. I'm staying with my

forward, and if I hadn't clutched my chair I grandmother."

would have fallen on my face. Then I noticed the "That's a neat suit you're wearing,"I said.

suit,"he inlittle lad who had entered with such a bang. "It's my twentyfourth of July

Coming into the room, he walked right in front formed me. "It's getting old."

of the bishop, backed up, walked around the Almost an antique, I thought. Here it is August

bishop, and then flopped into a seat. Then he already.

stood up, said, "Excuse me, Bishop,"and flopped But Danny saved the day. He came up and

down again. squeezed in between us, and then he started pleadHis name was Daniel. I surveyed his baggy ing with the California boy to trade him places

brown pants without a belt and his baggy white in passing the sacrament.

shirt with tomato soup spots on it, and compared this to the neat Ivy League suitand-tie outfits of the rest of the boys in the room. I then decided

that this Daniel was also in a lions'den.

I became so interested in this boy that I forgot to fall asleep again. I learned, for instance, that

Daniel was a newcomer. Perhaps his newness accounted for his enthusiasm. He answered every

question—usually wrong.

When my cousin, the teacher, asked, "How can we help our mothers?"his hand shot up and he

blurted out, "Not give your sister a black eye."

I cringed, all the boys laughed, and I noticed for the first time that Daniel's shoes weren't pointed like those of the other boys, and that the laces weren't tied either.

Whenever Daniel said anything after that, the class laughed.

I couldn't see what was so funny about his statements, and I wondered how long little Danny "No, I can't."The newsuit boy said. "This is your golden opportunity. The Lord

"Aw, c'mon."blesses us for the good we do."

"No."New suit was firm. "I don't want to Danny shuffled his feet and got his shoe laces

pass to the bishop."tangled. "But I don't want everybody to see me,"

I became interested. I then learned that "numhe said. "My shirt isn't clean. And I haven't got a

ber 8"was the bishop, the front stand, where the tie."

whole ward would see Daniel; it would be a mo- I looked at the bright red spots on his shirt

ment for him to remember. This was my chance. and I had to agree that Daniel had a point there,

"But Dan,"I said, "that's the place all the "Here,"I said, "take my tie."And before I

boys want to pass in our ward."had time to regret it, my tie was in his grubby

"Naw, I'm scared."hands.

"But I can't put it on here,"he said.

"Then don't. Where's the rest room?"

He directed me to the rest room and the Cali- "v.. fornia boy followed us. I happily found that if I

left both ends of the tie out I could hide all the spots on his shirt. But no tie was big enough to

cover all the wrinkles on it.

Then I noticed the neat gray suit coat of the

California boy. "Charley, let me take your suit

:j- coat. Nobody'll see you on the back row. Let

Daniel wear it up on the stand."

Charley went as white as Daniel's shirt wasn't.

"Uh, my grandmother..."he started, and then

he headed toward the door.

"Oh well, Danny boy,"I said as I pushed his hair down, "you look so sharp you don't need a suit coat."

We sat on the front row, Danny and I and the rest of the deacons. I was there to keep Daniel

from backing out. During opening exercises I kept

whispering, "You'll do fine, boy."

Then it was time for the sacrament, and all the boys stood in a straight line facing the audience while a priest said the sacrament prayer. There

was Daniel at the head of the line, standing so tall that he bowed a little backwards. Then I noticed

I had forgotten to tie Danny's shoes. His long,

gangling laces, wrapped around his feet, glared out like danger signs.

I closed my eyes and said a little prayer. "Oh,

Heavenly Father,"I prayed, "please be with

Daniel. Please don't let him trip over his own feet.

He needs thy help. I need thy help. We all need

thy help. Please."{Continued on next page)

Illustration by Jeanne Lindorff

As I opened my eyes I glued them to Daniel I had to say something, do something, to show while he shuffled nervously about the stand with him that I cared if he came.

a bread tray in his hand. When the congregation filed out, I didn't see

And the Lord was with us. He finished passing him until I turned the corner of the building and

to those on the stand and walked down one aisle looked over on the parking lot. He was following

and up another, without a single mishap. three older boys into the shadows. I could tell that

After the second prayer Daniel started the long two of them hadn't been to church. "If I don't say

trek again, this time with a tray of tiny cups filled anything now,"I told myself, "it will be my fault."

with water. I went after him.

He walked a little taller and prouder now. He "Daniel,"I called.

gave the tray first to the bishop, then to the next He stopped and turned toward me.

person, and the next, wiggling it back and forth "Daniel, come here,"I said and walked toward him. all the time.

He stood still.

After he finished on the stand he walked, or "Hurry up, kid,"one of the boys called.

maybe marched, to the steps that led down to the But Daniel stood still and waited for me.

congregation. They all saw Daniel, water tray in "I saw you pass the sacrament tonight, Dan,"

hand, standing at the top of the steps, and then, I said. "You looked fine."

they all saw him step on his shoelace, lose his "Oh,"he said. That was all. He turned away.

balance, and fall to the knees. "I want you to keep passing sacrament."I

But only I saw that proud, confident look searched for words. "You need the church, and it

change to one of horror. I had to help. I slid needs you..."

down the bench as near to him as I could get. "Thanks,"Dan said. But he was embarrassed.

"Stand, Daniel,"I whispered loudly; "stand."He turned and went into the shadows.

He stood. And he finished the walk around the "Hurry up,"I heard the older boy say; "we've

center seats. But he no longer stood tall. He no got things to do."But the voices and the people

longer looked proud. were lost in darkness.

As he sat beside me on the bench I reached "Congratulate yourself on that one,"I thought.

out to him. "I'm proud of you,"I said. "You've really done your usual bangup best."

Daniel looked at his feet. "I fell,"he muttered. And so I went home that night. And all the

"You stood up again,"I said and grasped his way home I thought about Daniel, and silently knee. I prayed for him.

At the close of the meeting Daniel left quickly. It was late when I got home, and I was tired.

I was talking to someone when he ran up with my I would have sprawled out on my bed but my tie in one hand and comb in the other. "Here,"brother was on it. He had it covered with games

he said. Then he was lost in the crowd. I had my and magazines. "Did you have a nice time?"he

comb and tie. But Daniel was gone. asked.

We were a little late for sacrament meeting "Yeah,"I said. I hung up my suit.

that evening and had to sit near the back. My "Will you teach me how to play chess, George?

cousin counted seven deacons on the front row. My friends know how."

Seven deacons wouldn't mean much to me if none "Someday, maybe,"I said. "I'm tired now.

of them were Daniel, and as far as I could see he Go to bed."

wasn't there. He looked disappointed. "I have been waiting

Then they stood up to pass the sacrament. up for you,"he said.

"Can you see him?"I asked my relatives. "Maybe Then I saw that his eyes looked just like

he didn't come."Danny's eyes had looked in the parking lot.

My cousin's wife saw him, and then I saw him "Hey, wait a minute,"I said. "Do you want

too, standing so tall his back bowed, ready to pass a game of chess? Now?"

to the bishop again. He just sat still. I put the chess board on my

"He's there,"I said. "He's there. And lookdesk and started setting up the men. "Well, do

he has a tie on."you want to play?"

After sacrament the deacons sat on the back "Sure,"he said. "Sure."

row, behind the radiator, with Daniel tagging "You're going to sleep in my room tonight, along behind. The other boys were whispering, but too,"I said as I put my hand on top of his head

they didn't let Daniel in on their conversation. But and rumpled his hair. "And I'm going to show you

I saw that he was watching with great interest. how to comb that mop of yours."

I began to wonder again how many times he'd Right then, for some reason, I wanted to call keep coming to church if no one made him welhim Danny, but I knew he'd wonder what I meant.

come. I was leaving town right after church, but So I said instead, "Come on, brother."

Two years, Weeks and and weeks

'PPla boy of unfruitful says effort goodbye A quickly become to "nevermind earthly loves memories to cast cling to 'to the i spiritual truths wind and / # of forsake his forgetfulness boyhood at the cares for word eternal of someone principles "golden'and standing a change at the to door. manhood. by Mac Oswald

TO MY SON, God measures a man Not in inches and feet;

No, his is a better way.

He measures a man By the things he does, The way he lives each day, The courage he has when he needs it most,

His faith when the going's rough,

His compassion for others, toDC

And the way he walks l l0) In silence when things get, tough. c

ID Stand tall, my son, X!Before thy God; Co

Walk tall through the days aheacT. tot God doesn't measure (/)

In inches and feet He measures your heart instead. by Dorothy Walls Marx J

HERE'S WHAT TO DO WHEN:

By Elaine Cannon

Socially speaking, it's easy to separate the men from the boys—especially gentlemen. They are ones who know just what

to do when, and then do it. Anyone can

learn the rules and practice them. Everyone should—life would be so much more Better

pleasant. Here are some simple pointers

geared to a boy's life today. She's over there, you're over here... mission,

service, or school enforcing the separation. Letters can

bridge the gap or widen it. It all depends. Write a

better letter by dashing off a rough draft just as if you were talking with her. Then check it for spelling, grammar, repetitions. The final draft will be a big improvement

over the original but still have its spontaneity.

SOME DON'TS:

Don't wait too long between letters to write.

Don't get too gushy.

Don't share your letters—that's cheating.

They are meant for you alone.

Don't forget to have the letter before you when you write back, so it will be answered. Breaking Bread

That's exactly what you should do—break your bread and

then butter it one bitesized piece at a time. Manners

with food are based on the premise that you are not starving. You do not behave as if it has been fast

day all week long.

SOME DON'TS:

Don't unfurl your napkin like a flag.

Don't flip it open toreador style.

Don't leave your spoon sticking up in your sherbet dish or soup bowl.

Don't pick your food apart.

Don't mix it all up, either!

Big Little Things

She'll like you just fine if you're the best of your own type. Shine your own shoes instead

of trying to wear someone else's. Sincerity,

authenticity count. But mannerliness goes along

with all personalities—rugged, intellectual,

leader, artistic.

SOME DON'TS:

Don't forget to check yourself for offending mannerisms and grooming flaws.

Don't forget that you are privately judged by your public behavior.

Don't forget to turn on the fountain, help with chairs, open doors, tip your hat, shake hands, be courteous. John West

Don't forget that walking on the outside is the right side. Your Appearance

Speaks For You by M. L. "Bud"Brain

BY THE TIME you have approached someone you may not know, before you say a word, your appearance has already spoken for you!

We live in a highly competitive world. In essence, all

of us are salesmen—selling commodities or ideas or ourselves. Our personal appearance image is our stock in

trade. It is an investment and not a cost. In the opinion

of authorities in the field, good taste and good grooming are not possessed by more than 10 percent of our population.

You cannot go far astray in being well dressed if you will follow these simple rules:

Cleanliness inside and out! Your clothes need not be

extravagant but they must be clean. Wellpressed suit, clean

shirt, no breakfast on the tie (the collar line is the focal point of your appearance), wellshined shoes (no excuse for this).

Color harmony. If you are not sure what color goes

with what, an experienced haberdasher will be flattered if you ask him. Grey and black harmonizes; brown, green,

beige, and some blues go well together. Don't take it for

granted that you know—find out!

Proper selection of clothes for the occasion: dignified

clothing for church, formal, and semiformal occasions;

sportswear for daytime and casual evening outings.

Analyze your build and wear clothes to flatter you narrow stripes for short people, plaids for tall, slender people. Solid patterns are seldom out of good taste.

Troop 225 Crookston Awards In the best traditions of Printing presses work overScouting, Troop 225 in Ogden time to keep the Ray Crookston has won the Youth Conservafamily of Provo supplied with tionists of the Year award Church awards. Five Aaronic

... the first time the honor Priesthoodage young men have

has come to a troop in Utah. not missed their awards during

Under the direction of Scoutany of the years they've been master Robert T. Grose, the eligible to receive them. They

troop carried out many unusual are Byron, Clark, and Joseph, conservation projects during who are priests; Mark, a

the year. Representing the teacher; and Scott, a deacon.

Ogden 63rd Ward, Troop 225 has Three sisters also will rebeen among the Church's top 50 ceive their Individual Awards troops for the past four years this year: Kay and Gail

and chalked up 100 percent Crookston and Sherry Crookparticipation for five years ston Smith.

under the MIA reading program.

Troop members pictured at a recent Ben Lomond South Stake conference were: back row,

Elwood Costley, Robert Folkman, Bruce Van Dyke, David

Folkman, Robert K. Grose,

Gregg Buxton, Gary Buxton, Kevin Folkman, Greg Sanders, Ray Anderson, Lewis Meiners, and A. Lee Tribe; kneeling,

Scoutmaster Robert T. Grose,

Howard Lythgoe, Dale Belliston, Grant Harkness, Dennis

Bennett, Russell Adams, Barry Phillips, Mike Searle, and George Prothero; sitting,

Keith Lee, Doug Adams, Neil Loveland, David Finch, Craig Finch, and Ronald Grose.

Calgary Scouts

Up north in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, Scouts and scouters are looking forward to another winter camp. Last

winter they received excellent instruction in winter camping and survival techniques. It came in handy, too,

since temperatures dropped to 10 below and "warmed up"to a brrreeezy 15 above. Scouts of

the Glenmore Ward in Calgary included David Hunt, Doug Phillips, Roy Landsiedel, Craig Hayes, Gordon Milne, and Talmage Jones.

Queen Scouts Nine young LDS Canadians have simultaneously qualified for their Queen's Scout awards... equivalent to the Eagle

rank. All members of the 101st

Edmonton troop of the Edmonton

First Ward, these young men won high praise from their stake president, Leroy Rollins. Pictured in the front

row are Randy Ellis, Jim Goth,

Scoutmaster Jack Chalmers, Jim Wright, and Alva Merkley.

Back row: Alan Low, John Wood,

David Wood, Hugh Sillito, and Malcolm Earl. David Wood and

Malcolm Earl also earned their

Bushman 's Thong, Canada 'award for the ultimate in outdoor scouting. Phoenix Explorlympics

"Explorlympics"had everything... including a greased

pig. This twoday event was

staged early this year by the Phoenix West Stake on a ranch 72 miles north of Phoenix.

Skits, fun songs, brief talks, and lots of relaxation marked the Friday night program. After a Saturday breakfast, 100

boys and 40 adults ran through such events as tug of war, Softball throw, vertical rope climb, horizontal rope climb over water, log carry, and uphill relay. Stake Explorer

Leader Don Watts and Stake YMMIA Superintendent Wayne Greene organized the "Explorlympics"and gave the first place trophy to the Phoenix 21st Ward. The coveted prize

of the polished porker went to

Twins Achieve Highest Rank the Phoenix Ninth Ward.

Craig and Clair Hixson, fifteen-yearold twins of California's Sherman Oaks Second

Ward, recently were awarded their silver palm for earning fifteen Scout merit badges above those required for the Eagle rank. Craig and Clair

both became Eagle Scouts at thirteen, and last summer they cr earned the highest rating obtainable after completing a twoweek junior leadership training course at Camp Whitsett. Both boys are striving

for their "Duty to God"award, which they hope to achieve next year. At school, Craig

and Clair are members of the Knights and Ladies, a scholastic honor society. They are

the sons of Air Force Lieutenant Colonel and Mrs. Jack

L. Hixson. 79 *'(BU*5

Jrl FIVE GUIDE POSTS TO LIVING

Elder Thomas S. Monson

Of the Council of the Twelve (speaking to Boy Scouts)

Each of you has come to this giant amphitheater by way of one

of the five pathways leading here. These five pathways could

very well portray five guideposts for successful living:

1. When you see sin, shun it.

2. When you have a duty, do it.

3. When you enjoy freedom, protect it.

4. When you have the truth, live it.

5. When you have a testimony, share it.

Such pathways lead not only to happiness on this earth,

but to eternal joy in the kingdom of our Father.

A SERIES OF MESSAGES TO YOUTH

BY THE GENERAL AUTHORITIES:>:.'. <& <#|P Tips for Genealogists

New Aid to Research When genealogy mail comes, it will be like Christmas.

You'll look forward to each day, especially to that

A new aid to genealogical research has been made certain time you've set aside for genealogical work.

available. Church members now have access to the If you don't live near the Church's main genealogical

information recorded on the more than 30 million library or one of its more than forty branch geneaindex cards of the Genealogical Society. By use of a logical libraries, set aside a time to write letters so

special form, "Request for Index File Information,"you'll be prepared for those precious times when you

Saints can now determine if ordinances have already can make library trips.

been performed for their relatives. Wards should There's no need to worry about knowing how or

maintain a supply of the forms for use by ward memwhat to do when you start. Just start. Genealogy is

bers in making index file inquiries. Forms are availeasy, and it becomes even easier as you learn by

able at no charge at the Church Distribution Center, doing. When you need help, ask. Above all, don't be

33 Richards Street, P. O. Box 11627, Salt Lake City, embarrassed to show your lack of knowledge. In fact,

Utah 84111. the more you reveal that you don't know, the better

When seeking information from the index file about off you are. Then others can understand your problem

a person, Saints are to record all known information as and can give you the help you need.

called for on the form. It is not expected that in every If you aren't already captivated in vigorous research

case Saints will have all of the information, but they activity, gear your thoughts right now to changing are to list what is known. The form can then be mailed your weekly schedule and set aside a specific time

directly to the Genealogical Society. Tenday service to get started on your genealogy.

is provided.

Genealogy—Getting Started A Littleknown Big Service

Do you know about the "family organization file"?

The place to receive the spirit of Elijah is in a The main genealogical library in Salt Lake City has library or at home near a pile of letters and family a special card file containing the names of family group records. You become interested in genealogy organizations and the names and addresses of their

by thumbing through books, perusing through microexecutive officers. The file is located in the Pedigree

films, or shuffling through papers full of names, dates, Referral Service (PRS) area. Requests for help in

and places. Here's a suggestion for getting started on person or by mail are honored.

your genealogy. If your organization does not have a card on file,

Go to the library regularly and insist that nothing you should ask the appropriate officer to send the interfere with your established genealogy time. After name of the organization, the names and addresses

three or four regular library visits you won't have to of the executive officers, the date of organization, and worry about disciplining yourself. Nothing but a the PRS number to the Genealogical Society. Family

national disaster could interfere with your genealogy organizations are responsible for keeping their card schedule after you get interested in research. Within file up to date by informing PRS of name and address

six weeks, your whole life will take on added meaning. changes. O

February 1967 49 her emotional, creative, and spiritual fulfillment as

Lynn Stanard Lund, a 1963 Brigham Young University well as her physical fulfillment. Poverty and want

graduate, is the mother of two daughters and active effectively dampen happiness in marriage, but proin Church auxiliaries in Butler (Salt Lake City) Ward.

vision of worldly wealth is not sufficient to guarantee a satisfying relationship.

If marriage is to be successful, a wife must share "... neither is the man without the woman, neither in the world of her husband. Church leaders have

the woman without the man, in the Lord."'( 1 Cor. long recognized that the wife plays a determining

11:11.) role in the success of her husband -in his church

Not long ago a detective received a call from the callings. When a wife does not share in this dedicadispatcher of a sheriff's office asking him to check tion, much of her husband's effective power is drained

out a report of trouble. He sped immediately to a off to meet the problems in his marriage. When

$65,000 home in a fashionable section of the city. marriage is a successful partnership, the husband can

Three cars were in the garage, and the furnishings in devote greater energy to his work and his church the home were luxurious, only a sample of the acquisicallings, and the wife can meet her needs more tions of its $30,000-a-year salaried owner. In the effectively.

bathroom lay an attractive thirtytwo-yearold mother, Desirable as this situation is, many forces in our dead by her own hand. society are at work trying to separate the worlds of

When the husband was notified, he kept repeating, husband and wife. Melchizedek Priesthood lessons

"I just can't understand it. I always gave her everyhave stressed the great risks involved if these trends

thing she ever wanted."It would be pointless to are allowed to go unchecked. Perhaps it would prove

speculate as to what had driven this young mother to insightful and ideaprovoking to those in other vocasuicide. The causes are probably as complex as they tions if I shared the kinds of experiences that come

are tragic. One thing that can be said with some into our home through my husband's vocation as a

confidence, however, is that she was not getting seminary teacher—and our conscious efforts to make

"everything she wanted."Too often men devote his vocation a uniting factor in our marriage.

their time to fulfilling only the material needs of their As the wife of a seminary teacher I have an excelwives, while neglecting many other important facets lent opportunity to share in the occupational world for a happy relationship. of my husband and, at the same time, satisfy many

Sometimes the long years of earning a living, raisof my own needs. When a couple work and plan

ing children, participating in church activities, and and share a teaching experience together, their worlds pursuing recreational pleasures take their toll. It increasingly overlap and draw together.

becomes easier and easier for a husband to forget his Another notable advantage that comes to any marresponsibility to help his wife fulfill her needs. Someriage when a husband shares his occupational world

times he forgets that her real happiness is based on with his wife is an increase in effective communication.

Teaching ChurchConducted5choolbySystemthe

When he shares his daily experiences, problems, and boards, plan student social activities, or create stimusuccesses with his wife and involves her in his work, lating lesson materials. Her social needs may be met

an area of common interest is created between them, in part if she attends faculty meetings and associates increasing their ability to communicate with each with other wives, or if she participates in student other. This art of communication can be carried over dances, firesides, and parties.

to other areas of marriage and may help solve many When a woman can participate with her husband critical problems and unpleasant situations. in a meaningful way, many of her emotional needs

In the classroom, a teacher finds many of his needs are also satisfied. One of the intrinsic rewards of

easily fulfilled. He can be creative, receive success teaching religious values, as my husband does, is the

experiences daily, and feel he is a person of worth. feeling that, as an individual, one can make a signifiHe deals constantly with people in a friendly and cant contribution to the Church and to the Lord.

helpful way, thus fulfilling many of his social needs. When a wife is sharing the experiences of her husband

Meantime, his wife—as is common to most wives—is and helping him be more successful, she also shares

home talking baby talk, washing dishes, and doing this feeling of worth and significance.

the laundry. When the husband comes home, it is In my case, my spiritual needs can also be met

easy for him to settle back with the paper or a good when I share my husband's work. When such needs

television show until bedtime. It may even be a of a woman are consistently met, frustration subsides,

little annoying to be asked to engage in light concommunication increases, and her marriage moves versation with his wife or dry the dishes or entertain toward a total partnership.

the children, for his needs have already been These advantages would be reason enough for a satisfied. teacher to include his wife in his work. But in

But often his wife has spent a frustrating or, at addition, his teaching itself benefits in several ways.

least, an unstimulating day, and by evening she may The great challenge faced by every teacher is the need to have some of her needs met. If they are not tremendous demand for new material, fresh ideas,

satisfied and day after day she experiences the same interesting techniques, and motivating lesson mamonotonous routine, her frustration builds until it terials. If he is not successful in this search, monotony

spills over at the slightest provocation. This is not becomes a destructive e'nemy in the classroom. When

only damaging to the marriage; if she is frustrated the wife participates in the world of her husband, the

and upset as her husband leaves in the morning, his team is automatically doubled and the search beteaching that day will surely suffer, as would the work comes easier.

day of any man. A wife can help her husband in his teaching by

A husband who is a teacher can help his wife fulfill offering critical advice when he presents to her his her needs in many ways. The very nature of his upcoming lessons and motivational ideas, often exposwork lends itself to this. A woman can fill her creative ing potential weaknesses he has not foreseen. By

needs by helping her husband develop bulletin acting as a valuable sounding board, she can suggest improvements that may prevent painful experiences in the classroom.

A thoughtful, industrious wife can help her husband in other ways, too. Correcting tests, making"The Wife's letters for bulletin boards, accepting typing assignments, or recording grades aid a teaching husband a

great deal. They also allow the wife to change the

routine of her activities and to participate even moreRole in with her husband.

A wife can also help her husband in his relationship with his students. She can offer specific suggestions dealing with problem students. She can beHer Husband's of great advantage in establishing a more favorable

relationship between her husband and his students.

Often she can offer feedback to his students in a moreVocation effective way than can he, as their teacher. One

By Lynn S. Lund teacher, in discussing with his wife a certain girl in

Illustrated bv Ruth Glick one of his classes, showed to her a particularly outstanding journal that the student had prepared. A

February 1967 51 week or so later, the wife hapill, the students will feel closer to pened to see the girl at the store their teacher as he becomes more and complimented her on the jourpersonal to them. She can make

nal. The girl appreciated this valuable contributions in such specomplement much more even cial areas as courtship and temple

than the note that the teacher marriage or the role of women in had jotted down at the end of her the Church. The more closely she

journal. comes to know her husband's stuIf, on occasion, a wife can speak dents, the greater the contribution

in her husband's classes, or pershe can make to his teaching.

haps substitute for him when he is Another area in which a wife

Prices are LOW in Idaho Richard L.Evans

Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple

designs in white and latest parchments.

Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other The Spoken Word accessories. One day rush order service.

Words and Voices

Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded mail desired.) first order. (50c if air on

that are are voices them There that make much. words mean Rexburg, Idaho REXCRAFT, 83440 There urgency, of kindliare voices—of There more. words—and much mean

- Name ness, of pleading, of persuasion. There are words that hurt and words

Address. that heal. And of those that heal, there are words of the Master of

said: to little children "Suffer unto of and me, City. Zone, State mankind, him come who

not: for of of God."such words is the kingdom forbid them The of him

who said: "Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and

". often I will give voice for repentance: pleading you how rest."2 A Your kitchen stays together, children thy gathereth gathered I have hen.. even as a would

cleaner when you her chickens under her wings, and ye would not!"3 Words that heal

the hearts of those who have lost loved ones, words to soften the sorrow: "Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid."4 "In my

Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told

you. I go to prepare a place for you.... that where I am, there ye

may be also."5 Words that chided: "... he that hath the spirit of contention is not of me...."6—the voice of him who said: "If ye love me,

keep my commandments."7 "This is my commandment, That ye love

as I another, the one voice Savior loved words, have you."of our s TheELECTRIC ". said: of voice, neither it a not a harsh it was., and it was was whom

Nothing is cleaner loud voice; nevertheless, and notwithstanding it... did pierce them that

..,"9 And what of our words and voices: "Those than a did hear to the center. kilowatt—no... who are sensitive to voices and the beauty of words,"said Celia

products of combusCole, "know how a voice can hit a word and bruise it, or touch it... and

... Oh, touch the.,. spirit [of this day] beautifully... tion - make it glow.

[not] of a [not] grudgingness, harsh word, [not marred by the] memory <\ old of give: wrong.... a.. an us can is one thing each... There

promise... never to shatter hope. Never to hurt love."10 Don't let.

words bruise; let them heal, and never shatter hope or hurt love. Oh,

let us love our loved ones, and others also. Let there be and abide in

our hearts and homes the spirit of him who said: "Peace I leave with

you.... Let not your heart be troubled...."4

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple

See the smart new Square,casting presentedSystem Decemberover KSL4, 1966.and theCopyrightColumbia1966.Broadelectric range models Luke2Matt. 18:16.11:28. *John5John 14:2,14:27. 3. 8John"John 15:12.14:15.

at your dealer's now. "Matt. 10Celia23:37.Caroline"3 Ne.Cole,11:29."Let Spirits3 Ne.Soar,"11:3.

Delineator, December 1935.

If it's electric, it's better!

UTAH POWER I LIGHT COMPANY

52 Improvement Era can help is less tangible but fective way is opened for him to gggfc* equally important. Teaching—as achieve success in both marriage

well as any profession—has its inand vocation.

evitable low moments when disHusbands in all professions and couragement sets in or enthusiasm occupations should encourage their dims. It is during these times that wives to participate with them.

a wife can become the "shot in the They should share with them their arm"needed to rejuvenate sagging successes, failures, meetings, and spirits. experiences. When this is done, FOOD STORAGE

When a wife becomes involved they may—as the Lord has comin her husband's activities, an efmanded—become as one. O BOOKLET

GATEWAY TO SURVIVAL IS STORAGE At the Lincoln Monument PARTIAL TABLE OF CONTENTS by Christie Lund Coles What Should We Store?

Storing to Prevent Spoilage "Mother, the stone is so tall,

I can hardly see his feet."Notes on Specific Foods

"They are planted firmly, son, Rotate Your Perishables

Where men of goodwill meet."Emergency Sanitation

"I can barely see his hands Group Rates Available

Resting on the armed chair."

"Step back (what kind hands they were, WALTER D. BATCHELOR

Though they knew so much of care)!'61 Beacon Avenue

"Yes. Yes. Stepping backward here, LAYTON, UTAH 84041

I can see them. And his sad eyes."

"Indeed, yes, they were sad, my son,

But more—they were greatly wise."

"Was he so large, Mother, So much bigger than other men?"

"Yes, he was larger; in some ways

As large as man may be again."

To the Bishop by President S. Dilworth Young

Last night I saw you standing by his bed,

In "E"Ward, the curtains pulled aside;

His head Was pillowed, his eyes on you,

His injured leg held high by pulleyed weight.

Your words held him enthralled. I do not know just what you said; LBS FILMS

The gentle voice, the kindly face are available for rental from

Bespoke the love you felt but did not say. libraries located in:

Perhaps you said encouraging things SALT LAKE CITY

And bid him patient be, LETHBRIDGE Or told him of his friends who ask you LOS ANGELES is, he How Or blessed him as the father of the ward; PROVO

But what was said was for his ears alone. MESA

He was silent as I drew close. IDAHO FALLS

We spoke, I pressed the offered hand. NEW YORK CITY

We left him there, together walked into the hall. Write for free brochure.

"And will you ride?"I said. Educational Media Services

And you Brigham Young University

Smiled once again, "Oh, no. Provo, Utah 84601

Illustrated by Ed Maryon I have two others I must see."

Deseret Book Co., Film Dept.

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

February 1967 53 Dear Your Majesty By Derek Dixon

This should have been written on the beach, but the rain is beating down again as it was on the day the children wrote to the Queen.

The children are three girls: Susan Jean, 6, Sally Ann, 6, and Wendy

Michal, 5; and on the day—the day—they were on holiday from school.

And it rained.

And it rained.

I arrived home for lunch and found chaos. Books lay scattered about A VALUABLE

VISUAL AID boxesthe floor;lay likedolls neglectedlay in improvisedorphans onbedsthe intablesecretandplaces;chairs;pencilsand overandallpaintlay

Original pencil sketches by an air of ruin. But at least the girls were not fighting. They were grouped

Jack Johnston of the Savior, together around the table, bent on tasks I could not see, and very quiet.

the Prophet Joseph Smith, "Hello, kids—what are you up to?"

and President David 0. Mc- "We're writing to the Queen,"said Susan Jean.

Kay. And so they were.

Speakers I went over to the table and looked over Susan's shoulder. She had

a large sheet of white paper and on it she had printed in red crayon,

Missionaries "Dear Your Majesty."Sally and Wendy were engaged in similar projects,

Bishops except that Wendy's epistle took the form of little stick figures drawn in

Teachers various colors on little pieces of cardboard cut from an empty cereal box.

Libraries Well, I mused, it all helps to pass the time away. When we sat down to lunch the girls had finished their letters. They

Fund Raising were placed on the sideboard and forgotten—or so I thought! But as I

prepared to return to work, three little girls crowded me into a corner of the hall and pushed three envelopes into the briefcase in my hand. VISUAL AIDS

MAKE LESSONS Don't"Willforgetyouthem,postwillthemyou,forplease,us, please,Dad?"Dad? Please, Dad, will you?

LIVE! So I spent the afternoon sitting in my office with three crumpled

envelopes on my desk, wondering what to do.

Large Sizeto beThroughsubject severalto governmentalyears of homeleaderseveningsand to wereverencehad taughtand prayour childrenfor the

Easy to See Queen. We had taught them that she was a fine woman doing a thankless

task well, and that to reverence and pray for those in authority was pleasing

Available at before the Lord.

BYU BOOK STORE Our teaching, coupled with frequent sights of the Queen on television

Provo, Utah newsreels, gave our children the idea that the Queen was a being rather

DESERET BOOK like our Heavenly Father: dwelling in an immense and glorious palace

Salt Lake City with myriads of servants to do her bidding, yet sweet and noble and

PROVO PAINT approachable.

98 W. Center, Provo, Utah

Unfortunately I no longer saw life through the eyes of a child. I was

$2.00 postpaid middleaged and cynical. In my imagination I saw my children's letters

Johnston Enterprises torn open at some central sorting office and laughed at by a horde of

P. 0. Box 402 uncouth postmen, then crumpled into balls and thrown to the floor.

Orem, Utah And in my imagination I saw the letters, even if they passed through the central sorting office, thrown unread by the lowest of the servants into

54 Improvement Era BLACK & WHITE

ILIVI9 8 exposure roll DEVELOPED & PRINTED IN JUMBO SIZE 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00

36 exposures $1.50

COLOR FILM DEVELOPING KODACOLOR

the dustbins of Buckingham Palace. I was a hard case. And yet I could

not, would not, must not break a promise to my children. So I put all

the little envelopes into a large envelope, wrote a short covering note, and COLOR SLIDES addressed the lot to Buckingham Palace.

It was well I did, for the first question when I arrived home that evening was, "Did you post our letters, Dad? Did you? Will the Queen

get them?"And I nodded my head and said, "Yes"; and my heart felt like a stone.

The days passed. I thought the children would forget; but every GENEALOGY PHOTOS

morning when the postman came, three little girls were waiting for him NEGATIVES MADE of OLD at the gate. And every morning three little girls with hanging heads PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS

trooped sadly indoors again. I spent my days devising explanations to of NEGATIVE, 54 each

give them as to why the Queen did not write—but kept them to myself. Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s MoneyBack Guarantee

I just got a little more cynical.

No trumpets sounded on the day the letter came; no cannon boomed a SAM'S PHOTO LAB

salute over the neighboring roofs; but suddenly the house was full of P.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

shouting children and I was dragged, from my bed by infant hands to see the wonder of the age. And there it was in Susan's hand—an elegant

envelope with a coat of arms embossed on the flap. Susan opened it like

a jeweler cutting a rare gem. And then she took the letter out and there

was the coat of arms again. The letter read:

BUCKINGHAM PALACE

"2nd August 1965

"Dear Susan, Sally and Wendy, "I am commanded by the Queen to write and thank you for your letters and drawings.

"Her Majesty thought it so very kind of you to write to her, and I am to send you all her most sincere thanks. HELP!

"Yours sincerely, This is when your insurance man "Susan Hussey has to go to work for you. To make

"La dyin-Waiting"surean independenthe will, makeinsurancesure nowagent.he's

His job is to serve you first when

The day the letter came is past, but the glory lingers. The letter looks youpendentneedagents.help most.Call usWe'reany time.inde-

a little worn now, and so it should. It has been passed through well over

half a hundred hands. Our neighbors saw it; the teachers and children

'at the girls'school saw it; my work colleagues saw it; and a multitude of your/ independent

,Saints saw it. We are going to have it framed when we can find a frame Jnsurance/agentSERVES YOU FIRST

worthy to hold it. And then when people come into the house they can

see it -for themselves, and they will see more than a letter in a frame: they HEBER J. GRANT & CO.

will see a monument to the faith of little children and the tombstone of a General Agents, Salt Lake City father's cynicism. O

February 1967 55 WHEN YOU JOIN LDS BOOKS CLUB AND MAKE YOUR FIRST REGULAR SELECTION Best of Movies Mormonism and the Negro By Howard Pearson

by John J. Stewart MORMONISM

and the NEGRO supplemented by William E. Berrett Endless Summer, a fulllength

documentary on surfing, should

A complete and unprejudiced explanation of LDS Church win an Academy Award as the doctrine regarding the Negro and those of negroid documentary of the year. The

blood. The book was especially prepared to answer film has much entertainment for

questions regarding LDS Church policy. young and old alike and is being

A wealth of historical information on the subject is singled out as a film that movieincluded in the special supplement prepared by goers of all ages will enjoy.

iam E. Berrett. / Although some "beach"pictures

have given this type of production 1. TRUE TO 2. MORMON

THE FAITH DOCTRINE a bad name, Endless Summer is difMake your first compiled by MORMON by Bruce R. ferent. It concentrates on the

R. Llewelyn McConkie

beauty of the beaches in Africa, McKay A Club selection compendium

The sermons and of the Gospel. Tahiti, Australia, and Hawaii, and

of David from these LDS writings 875 pages with the recreation and adventure posAn 0. McKay. referfingertip

best sellers inspiring work. ence. $6.95 sible in this activity.

$3.95 Younger audiences will find special interest in the adventures of

two young Californians as they 3. THE 4. THE FOURTH 5. THE TEN

MIRACLE to travel beaches, seeking many MOST OF THOUSAND TEN MOST THE PERSONALITY MEN WANTED MEN YEARS WANTED for surfing. ideal conditions The

Sterling by H. by Paul Dunn by W. Cleon takes color adphotography superb Sill W. JUUtt Skousen ten qualities The

52 stimulating The sweep of of leadership, vantage of all possible angles in that chapters Biblical events and how to shooting a picture of this type.

make self David im- I from to achieve them.

are only older people most provement a Christ. Nearly 900 $3.50 While

pleasure. Pages. find spectators, they will surfing $6.95

$3.75 themselves carried away to romantic climes and will probably be

MESSAGES 6. THE VALLEY J. GOLDEN 7.

OF THE FIRST envious of the young surfers. OF KIMBALL TOMORROW

by Claude by Gordon T. PRESIDENCY, Of a different nature is Gambit,

Ill Vol. Richards Allred that release should appeal another

by compiled inspiring novel. The LDS Anew tradition of the to all ages. In the R. Clark James biography of an of prostory A

outstanding Latfound spiritual Messages of delightful Topkapi and Hotc to

Wilford terday Saint. experience. Woodruff Steal a Million, this film deals with and Lorenzo $3.95 $3.50

Snow. $4.50 efforts to steal a treasure by

devious means. The plot is developed in a tonguein-cheek manner, so that the picture does not

Inc. condone the theft.

Utah 84110 Books Club,Salt Lake City, P.O.LDSBox 400

Enclosed is my check or money order in the'amount of $ In this case, the scheme involves

Please send "Mormonism and the Negro"free of charge, and the following circled theft of a priceless and ancient book(s) as my first regular Club selection. piece of Oriental sculpture. Mi-

1 2, 3 4 5 6 7 8 chael Caine and Shirley MacLaine reviews. nroll monthly send me and Club member a LDS Books me as

'at the regularI herebyadvertisedagree topuce.purchase(Premium3 minimumboohs are the partners in the theft. Right next during the or alternates months 12 selections 4 regular

rbooks.joiningFordo eachnot qualify4 booksus I aaccept.regularI willClub receiveselection3 valuableor alternate.)bonus I bookmay freeresign—ata savingany timeof 20o.after purchasing at the beginning flaws appear in

NAME.... the "perfect"plans, and before the

ADDRESS CITY. STATE ZIP

56 Improvement Era picture is over, the principals are mandant and is proven correct in involved in some hilarious se- a most shocking way.

quences. The movie has romance, The picture was made on locasuspense, comedy, and fun. tion in Berlin and features actual

Michael Caine is star of another shots of the divided city with long picture that, except for a couple sequences involving the wall and of very short romantic sequences, the areas around it.

could be categorized for all ages. Other movies that should furnish

Titled Funeral in Berlin, the film entertainment or enjoyment for is full of suspense, intrigue, and moviegoers include the following:

spinetingling entertainment. Follow Me, Boys, the Walt Disney

The plot involves a Russian comheart-warmer about a special type mandant in East Berlin who lets of Scoutmaster and his boys; "Where the World

the proper sources hear that he Sound of Music, which just seems Registers"wants to defect to the West. Enter to be going on and on with its

a British agent, Harry Palmer delightful music and story; Is Paris Your next trip to Denver—the

(played by Caine), who was introBurning?, film version of the bestclimate capital of America—

duced to American movie audiselling story about a World War II will be most memorable when ences in The Ipcress File and who incident that saved the French you stay at the Brown Palace.

has become a little more hardened capitol from destruction; The Bible 600 air conditioned rooms

and sophisticated than in the first... In the Beginning, which covers suites and executive rooms

picture. In Funeral in Berlin he the first 26 chapters of Genesis, five famous restaurants

doesn't trust the Russian comthrough the story of Abraham. O complete convention

accommodations Motion pictures reviewed on this page are neither approved nor recommended by the Church or the Era. They are, however, in the judgment of To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE

the reviewer, among the least objectionable of the current films.

KARL W. MEHLMANN, General Manager

by: for February Song MEMBER Represented ROBERT F. WARNER Russell Solveig Paulson by

York City New Come sit before the hearthstone. GLENNLos AngelesW. FAWCETT

It's February weather-.

A time for cozy gathering Of friendly folk together, A time when nothing's pressing

That simply must be done, A time for cheerful bantering, And taletalk to be spun. Let's make

Come sit before the hearthstone And watch the embers glow. our target

Enjoy the cheery comfort Before departing snow; Enjoy the peaceful respite "The ERA

That February brings Before the earth starts stretching in ever

And growing season springs. home!"

February 1967 57 Up to $5200 paid direct to you (not to hospital)

NEW PLAN FOR WHOLE FAMILY *100 PAYS YOU A WEEK for up to 52 weeks of Hospitalization

Specially developed to cover what Medicare leaves out

WE INVITE YOU TO COMPARE RATES So our Plan fills the big gap in Medicare which proWe pass savings on to you. The new Buckingham vides only for the elderly.

Family Hospitalization Plan saves you money in 2. We cover both sickness and injury. Our Plan

lower rates 2 ways: (1) Salesmen's charges and physcovers hospitalization for every conceivable kind of

ical examinations are omitted. (2) Costly one, two accident and sickness except: pregnancy, childbirth

and three day claims are omitted. Your benefits start or complications of either; preexisting conditions;

with the fourth day of hospitalization in case of sickintoxication (of a covered person); unauthorized use

ness. NOTE, however, that benefits begin the first of narcotic drugs; mental conditions; injury or sickday in case of injury. ness due to war or any act incident to war. Hernia is

COMPARE BENEFITSconsidered a sickness, not an injury. Confinement in

ESPECIALLY WITH MEDICARE a government hospital is not covered, nor is any person covered while in armed services of any coun- 1. Our Plan covers everyone in family, old and try (but in such cases, a prorata refund of the preyoung. This is a Plan that helps free you from worry mium would be made). about your entire family. We send $100 TAXFREE

CASH direct to you every week—up to 52 weeks 3. We pay $5000 auto accident death benefit.

($5200)—of hospitalization for each covered member If you die within 60 days as the result of an accident

of your family over 18 paying full rates. Half rates to any automobile, in which you are riding or drivand half benefits apply to family members under 18. ing, we pay $5000 to your beneficiary.

MJJyBLgMEOLMMiJMZnyHLgSLgS-I MONEY. BACK THIS TODAY! DO GUARANTEE (Don't delay. 50,000 people enter hospitals daily.)

Start your protection immediately. Fill out application below. (Make close Read over your policy

comparison of these amazingly low rates.) Then mail application right away. carefully. Ask your lawUpon approval, your policy will be promptly mailed. Coverage begins at yer, doctor or hospital adnoon on effective date of your policy. No salesman will call. No physical ministrator to examine it.

examination needed for this plan, you will be paid $14.28 a day. Be sure it provides exactIF YOU PAY PREMIUMS IN ADVANCE FOR 11 MONTHS, ly what we say it does.

YOU GET THE 12th FREE! Then, if for any reason

PAY MONTHLY PAY YEARLY at all you are not satisEach Adult 18 to 65 $2.40 $26.40 fied, just mail your polEach Adult 65 to 75 4,15 45.65 icy back to us within 10

Each Child 17 and under 1.15 12.65 days and we will immeHERE ARE TYPICAL FAMILY COMBINATIONS: diately refundyour entire

premium. questions No to 18 Wife 65 and Man 4.80 52.80

gain up to 75 65 to Wife and 8.30 Man 91.30

risk nothing. asked.$5200—youYou can 18 to Wife 65 and Man

and 1 Child 5.95 65.45 LiHiiBiiZMWSiriuTruTYumTfi ffWfoTSiT&YJ Man and Wife 18 to 65

Children and 2... Eptry

linn! 7.10 78.10 premiumSrfling dtrerfdollarhybuyimattprater Either Parent 18 to 65

and 1 Child 3.55 39.05

NOTE: For children under 18, you pay half rates—and get half benefits. When

they reach 18, simply write us to change to full rates and full benefits that apply for conditions contracted after that time.

25c is all you send with application below Buckingham for first 30 days coverage Life Insurance Company f.rrmtire Offytes: Lib+rlynUf, Illinois

TEAR OUT AND MAIL TODAY BEFORE ITS TOO LATE 6805 APPLICATION FOR HOSPITAL INCOME for family or individual—covering hospitalization from sickness or injury with $5000 auto accident death benefit

BUCKINGHAM LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, Executive Offices: Libertyville, Illinois

30 DAYS COVERAGE ONLY 25* I'm enclosing 25c in coin. Please send me your Hospital Income Policy in force for 30 days—just as soon as my application is approved

Please Print

Name of Applicant first Name Middle Initial Occupation.

Address. Height. Feel Inches -Weight. Pounds Sex Zip

City.State..Code, Beneficiary First Name Middle Initial List Name

Date of Birth. Relationship of Beneficiary to Applicant

Month Day Year Age LIST NAME AND ALL REQUESTED INFORMATION FOR OTHER PERSONS TO BE INSURED

First Name Initial Last Name HEIGHTFt. -In. WEIGHTLbs. Age Month BIRTHDayDATE Year ToRELATIONApplicant

NEXTPLEASE ANSWER THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS—THEN SIGN THE APPLICATION

or listed any other Have you Family above Member surgical or medical during the past care or had Tomemberthe bestlistedof youraboveknowledge,ever had haveor beenyou ortreatedany otherfor anyfamilyof IMemberscertify that,listedto abovethe bestareof inmysoundknowledge,conditionI andmentallyall Familyand two years'advice following apoplexy? hernia, disease, YES Q NO If "yes"explain fully. theArthritis, venereal n

cancer, diabetes? disorder, Epilepsy, YES mental

trouble? paralysis, prostate QH YESYES Tuberculosis, n NONONO physically and free from impairment except sciatica?p of female organs,Q disease cataract, trouble, Heart eye

YES NO If "yes"explain fully. Date

Applicant's Signature X First Name Middle Initial t asl Name

Mail this application with 25< right away to:

B-t BUCKINGHAM LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, 1008 No. Milwaukee Ave., Libertyville, linois

February 1967 59 family is regarded by sociologists and social Marriage ceremonies and customs vary from place workers as the basic institution of society. It to place and from time to time. Within the LatterdayTheplays fundamental roles in the development and Saint community the goal is marriage in the temple.

integration of personality. It protects basic huSuch marriages, performed by those in authority, B

man functions and provides opportunities for satisfyhelp couples achieve the greatest happiness in this ing essential human needs. life and a proper station in the life to come.

An Educator Views

A recent study shows that

only one in 55 temple

marriages ends

in divorce.

Dr. Rex A. Skid more is professor

of social work and sociology and dean of the Graduate School of Social Work at the University of Utah, and president of the Monument Park West (Salt Lake City) Stake.

Illustrated by Ted Nagata

Research indicates that the percentage of Latterday Saint marriages performed were temple marriages. In

Saints being married in temples today is higher than contrast, for the period of 194951, 49.2 percent marever before in the history of the Church. Harold T. ried in one of the temples. 1 Today in some stakes

Christensen and Kenneth L. Cannon, who studied of the Church, more than twothirds of the young

5,300 marriages in Utah from 1905 to 1951, observed people are married in ceremonies solemnized in that during 190507 only 29.6 percent of the Latterday temples. (Continued on following page)

By Rex A. Skidmore, Ph.D.Temple Marriage

Temple Marriages Are More Successful 1950's. A study of temple marriages of the 1960's

would be premature for the obvious reason that not

Several studies indicate that those who marry in enough time has lapsed to validate the facts. Studies

the temple have more successful marriages than those clearly show that decade after decade, temple marwho do not. In 1945 President David O. McKay reriages produce fewer divorces; and incomplete studies

ported that during the period 192022 there was one of the 1960's seem to tell the same story: temple

divorce for every 38.24 marriages among couples marriages are more successful!

married in the temples or by stake and ward authorities, while during these same years there was one Why Are Temple Marriages More Successful?

divorce for every 13.20 marriages among couples

married by civil officers. For the years 193840, there A careful look at temple marriage indicates several

was one divorce for every 26.61 marriages among significant factors that help explain reasons for the

couples married in the temples or by stake and ward favorable statistics on marriage and divorce. These

authorities, and one divorce for every 10.13 of those factors include the following:

married by civil authorities. 2

1. Marriage in the temple calls for preparation,

For 1940, when the United States ratio was one which helps preclude and prevent hasty marriages.

divorce for each six marriages, Elder Richard L.

Thousands of young people go into marriage with

Evans reported the following Church divorce and marriage statistics: one divorce to 9.7 civil marriages; little or no preparation and then wonder why their

wedding knots soon come untied. Those who marry

one divorce to 27.0 temple marriages; one divorce to

in the temple must take some time in anticipating 17.8 of all marriages. 3

and preparing for this special ceremony.

In January 1952 Dr. John A. Widtsoe cited a study A classic illustration of the prevalence of moving concerning divorce in three areas of the Church. Marinto marriage too quickly was described in Los Anriages in the Salt Lake, St. George, and Arizona

geles County several years ago when a law existed temple areas for 1936 were used. The followup study

that required 72 hours advance notice prior to marreported on (1) those married in the temples; (2) riage. Within one year's time more than a thousand

those married outside the temples but by ward and couples applied for a marriage license and then did stake authorities; (3) those married by civil authority.

not follow through with matrimony. In other words,

Tabulations showed that of those married in the within three days more than a thousand couples temple, only 6.4 percent of the couples had been dichanged their minds about marriage. The time invorced during fifteen years. However, of those married

volved in preparing for temple marriage usually outside the temple by ward and stake authorities, prevents hastiness and uncertainty.

there were nearly two and one half times more divorces, or 15.6 percent. Among those married by civil 2. A selective group of people marry in the temple.

authorities, "the number rose to three times that of These persons are selective because they must be temple marriages, namely 19.4 percent."4 living the gospel in order to get a temple recommend.

In their study of 5,157 marriages performed in Those who put the gospel into practice live a more

Utah between 1949 and 1951, Christensen and Cannon mature way of life. Marriage in the temple is selective

found that after ten years of marriage the following because the young man cannot go to the temple until statistics were significant: 1 in 7 divorces for those he has been ordained an elder in the Melchizedek

married by civil authorities; 1 in 10 divorces for Priesthood. He cannot be ordained an elder until he

Latterday Saints who were married by LDS authorihas participated actively in the Church over a period ties in civil ceremonies; 1 in 55 divorces for Latterday of time and has lived in accordance with the basic

Saints who had been married in one of the temples. teachings of the Church. The brideto-be must also

The fact that temple marriages result in fewer be a living example of Church precepts. Again, these

divorces has been substantiated in studies of marteachings are conducive to successful living for both riages from the 1920's through the early years of the the individual and the family.

People who put the gospel into practice live a mature way of life that is conducive to successful marriage.

62 Improvement Era If space and rotation are problems in your home storage plan, you need the OLYMPIA SALES WOOD STORAGE CABINET Use for commercial or home -canned items. Loads from front or rear. Available in several sizes. Can be stacked

in various combinations. Accommodates

many different can or jar sizes. Inclined

shelves are adjustable. Easy in and easy

out. Drawer or shelf sections may be

purchased separately.

Olympia Sales Company 1537 South 6th West Salt Lake City, Utah 84104 Without obligation please send me details about your Home Storage

Cabinet.

Name...

Address

City

State Zip.

Proven... Successful Reassuring!

FAMILY FOOD STORAGE PLAN PermaPak 1-year plan is easy, economical!

Pay less than $100 per family member for a whole year's balanced food supply. Choose from

PermaPak's famous "Use Today or Store Away"dry and dehydrated foods... such as wheat, flour,

fruits, vegetables, onions, potatoes, gelatin desserts... and exciting new meat substitutes

and freezedried foods... for tasty, nutritious,

lowcost meals.

SEND COUPON 'Store Food Today for a Rainy Day'1

FOR FULL DETAILS PERMAPAK, 40 East 2430 South

Also—discover PermaPak's: Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

Family Survival Food Kits Please send me, FREE, the following:

Camping and Emergency Kits Food Storage Plan CATALOG

Electric Grain Grinders, and Hand

Survival Kit and Camping etc. Mixers, Bread

INFORMATION Group Discounts/FundRaising PLAN

Name My East South, 2430 PERMAPAK 40

: Address City, Salt Lake 84115 Utah

Phone: (801)4869671 City -State. Zip K)-fr(>-aMOB-0-0-t M>-0-*i0Hl>'U'-(>

IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS Aids in treatment of simple sore throat and other minor mouth and

JEWELRY CO. throat irritations.

DA 2-1039 42WEST2ND. SOUTH

HALLS REMEDY INTERMOUNTAIN'SSALT LAKELARGESTCITY 1DIAMOND, UTAH DEALER

Salt Lake City, Utah

The ERA is the MIA reading course again this year.

February 1967 63 3. Marriage in the temple rethose who get married for time in which the marriages take place

quires the "long look."Those who only. cannot be surpassed. Coupled with

marry in the temple think of the 4. Those who marry in the the priesthood authority that underpast, present, and future, intertemple can look forward to being pins the ceremony, such a union

twining them into their philosophy married in a beautiful, sacred place. of a man and woman who really

of life. Couples who move into Each of the temples is indeed a love and care for each other is of

marriage for time and eternity tend lovely, special place. Ornamentagreat significance.

to look more carefully at their relation is not overdone, and the Contrast with this setting a tionships and what is ahead than simplicity and beauty of the rooms kitchen in the home of a justice of the peace in a state where marriages and divorces are bartered over the counter, and the importance of temple marriage comes to the fore. 5. Marriage in the temple

stresses basic values and responsibilities of life. Prominent among

these is the encouragement for the couple to have children. Brides

and grooms are invited to become copartners with God in bringing children into the world and in providing a loving climate that will help them develop physically, menold, this subject, to very something is nothing but be said on new tally, socially, spiritually. andThere

all all real satisfactory to to essential to progress, peace, something sociologists restudies by Many is respect, that to appreciation, of relationships and man—and man flect that a couple have when

is called for consideration "comsummarized people—somewhat what by life children, find they most worthmon courtesy"; which, regrettably, isn't so common as sometimes might be while and challenging. Parents who

so: courtesy in the home, courtesv with loved ones, courtesy with those give themselves in helping to love

to us, closest us; courtesy farthest those with from and courtesy who are living offspring are and guide their

private, in "All are courtesy,"courtesy in public. doors open to brings 1 said maturely, in turn which

Fuller. the greater observed: And, "The as Tennyson Thomas man satisfaction within as well as from 2

"is "Selfrespect,"at the greater courtesy."E. S. Martin, said bottom to climate favorable emotional an

all of goodwill, of of discipline, the expression manners. good They are the growth and development of

for rights of other people's respect 3 "There and comfort and feelings."the children.

is rest of "that sign courtesy,"said not true does Goethe, outward no principles cardinal 6. Other 4 courtesies, foundation."kindnesses, small small moral "Small a deep on in the taught can temple ceremony

. greater. give considerations to a the display character the than charm guidelines valuable for become 3 talents Cicero, of said nothing great "Nothing,"accomplishments.".and living successful purposeful and 6

"is in great a courtesy forbearance."more becoming than and And man marriage. a basic example, For

with more people in more places doing move things than ever before, gospel principle is the importance the need for more patience, more courtesy, more consideration is greater of loving and giving, both of which than ever before—recognizing every person in his place. Courtesy to are essential for mature marriage.

children, courtesy to parents, courtesy to old people, courtesy to the young, to the teacher, courtesy to every inquirer, to every question, to that is outgoing and in living of essential to the of help absolute everyone is an need a good necesis absolutely LOVEunselfish life. for respect people, courtesy indeed, without and happy and And sary for successful marriage.

life would deteriorate to an ugly snarl and there would be a blighting This kind of love is in of the very air and atmosphere of human happiness. All of us live by harmony with Christ's pattern,

the help and service of others. All of us need to examine ourselves and which emphasizes love of self, of

see that we are courteous and considerate, not superficially so, but with neighbor, and of God.

courtesy, with respect from deep that comes within the human heart. Sullivan, Harry Stack prominent

it is less "Of Courtesy, much psychiatrist, in this defines love of or Holiness, Heart Courage Than or the satisfaction manner: "When

it in to walks Yet seems me my security the of another person beis in of the Courtesy."7 Grace That God is as to significant comes one as

one's own satisfaction or security, * "The Spoken Word"from Temple then the state of love exists."The

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadessence of a genuine love relationcasting System December 18, 1966. Copyright 1966. ship is the giving of oneself, the

Thomas Fuller, "Gnomologia,"1732. willingness to go more than half

line 628. Last Tournament, 2Tennyson, The Son."way for the benefit of the other 3E. S. Martin, Father to His Freshmpn "A

4Goethe, quoted in New Dictionary of Thoughts. person and the marital team. This

ibid. A. Kelty, -M.

"Cicero, De Officiis. Bk. 1, Ch. 25, Sec. 87. kind of love is the foundation for

THilaire Belloc, "Courtesy."a successful temple marriage.

Dr. William C. Menninger, in

64 Improvement Era Preserve the Inspiration of The Improvement Era In Beautifully Bound Volumes The Mountain West's finest bindery and printing house is prepared to bind your collected Improvement Era's into fine hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the

editions you wish bound to the Deseret

News Press.

12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance

payment must accompany all orders

Please include postage if volumes are to be returned by mail.

Add $1.00 if Binding is to be billed.

Subject to Utah State tax where applicable.

POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH discussing the evolution of loving, Zone1 & 2 68 56 1.281.07

said: 3.....75 7 1.50

"In marriage, if it is successful, 4.88 8 1.73

we have to change from being in love to loving. Now, being in love J

is a beautiful and a wonderful state but it is quite selfish. It is

selfcentered—she (he) is such a

wonderful girl (boy) because she 1600 Empire Road (he) makes me so happy. That Salt Lake City, Utah

was, in part, our initial motivation when we fell in love and then married. "But the growth and evolution of loving is really characterized by the reverse—loving in spite of disSpecial! Session /igsqgs

covering differences in each other and the other one's faults, the disappointments that are inevitable Now, three elegantly apand the frustrations that are frepropriate styles in the quent. new dimension of sim-

"To change from our initial state plicity and expressly deof being in love to loving entails signed with unique shifting from getting to giving; refinements and lasting

really, sometimes from giving to beauty. Superbly degiving up."3 tailed and finished...

7. Marriage in the temple is a wrinkle resistant, drippositive experience because it prodry. Sparkling white.

vides goals, purposeful idealism, and meaning to life. In this uncerAA-Fitted Princess—Polyester & Nylon

tain world in which youth are 10 to 18, 14V2 to 22V2 pressurized and floundering in (MidCalf) $15.00

many ways, there is need for goals B-Collar Sheath—Polyester & Nylon

and meaning in life. As Dr. D. B. P, S, M, L, XL (Long) $14.00

Klein indicates in his book Mental (MidCalf) $12.00

spirituality religion Hygiene, and—Polyester & Nylon golf can be like a flag on the green C-GracefulP, S; M, ClassicL.

that gives direction and guidance (Long) $17.00

to those who play the course. (MidCalf) $15.00

Young people need flags and goals allow 3 to 4 weeks for delivery to help them along their way.

Choices are prevalent everywhere.

A right decision can change the whole life of a person for good or 'A for bad. Spiritual purposes and

2511 So. West Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 one 4873621

February 1967 65 idealism, exemplified and portrayed in the temple, fulfill basic needs in a positive way.

8. Temple marriage affirms the

sanctity and privacy of the family. Richard L.Evans

It supports the concept that the individual family is a kingdom The Spoken Word unto itself and resents intrusion that is unwarranted or unneeded.

Temple marriage challenges its build toparticipants enjoy and in the As a Little Child basic unit atheir family as kingdom of God for time and eternity. The ceremony helps couples a world of accomplishment and frustration, of simple truth and

to understand and strive for perfecIncomplexity, of knowing much and not knowing much more; of finding

tion in human relationships—much, and yet searching restlessly; of the means of solving problems,

husbandwife, parentchild, and and yet not seeming to solve them; and of receiving without being satisotherwise. The home is interpreted fied, these words of the Master come to mind: "And Jesus called a little

as the private sanctuary of those to child unto him, and set him in the midst of them, And said, Verily I whom it belongs and in which the say unto you, Except ye be converted, and become as little children, most intimate of social and human ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven."1 "Long ago the elder

relationships can be created, nurHuxley... said that the words of Jesus, 'Except ye... become as

tured, and developed. little children,'are the most perfect description of the... search of

An experience of an LDS misreality. If a man would know scientific truth [Huxley said], he must

sionary in England illustrates many sit down before fact as a child, eager, humble, teachable, rich in wonder of the reasons why temple marand pure in heart; and such a spirit is no less the secret of finding the

riage is so significant and chaltruth of faith...,"2 "For some of us,"said Joseph Fort Newton, "somelenging. He was invited to attend thing in the spirit of [this season] makes it plain that the... sophistica-

a traditional marriage ceremony, tion of our day is pathetically superficial, its glittering cleverness... and

held in a beautiful church with its towering pride tragically pitiful. As one listens again to the old,

the customary music and pageantry. immortal story,... [it] seems nearer to the truth than all our dim

The bride was lovely in her white philosophies.... After all, perhaps the... error of our... age is that

lace gown; the bridegroom was we have forgotten to distinguish between the 'childish things,'which Paul

quite thoughtful. As the procession said should be put aside, and the great childlike things, which abide

to the aislemarched down strength of life."3 sanity the both the and and Beyond to which we owe

a feelpresentaltar, everyone had stands the saving truth confusion simple our accomplishment our and ing of respect and admiration. As that God lives, that he is reachable and personal, that life and loved

the minister proceeded with the ones are everlasting, that there is eternal pattern and purpose, that ceremony, the missionary felt that there is a way to peace and to the solving of our problems, and that he here was an unusually fine experiwho said "except ye become as little children"gave us the answer ence—until the minister said, "By to it all. God grant that not only the little children but all of us may

the authority which I have, I join come unto him and search and learn, not unto frustration and peryou together as husband and wife plexity, but to be refreshed with a simple honest faith, and be assured until death do you part."These and satisfied.

words stuck like a knife in his back.

He thought, "What is really going on here? What does this mean?"

He compared this ceremony with * "The Spoken Word"from Temple marriages he had observed in the Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadtemple: there no such statement castingatt. System18:2-3. December2Huxley (the25,elder),1966.quotedCopyrightin "When1966.

is uttered; two people who love Christmas Comes,"by Joseph Fort Newton,

each other are joined "for time and Atlantic Monthly,Fort Newton,Decemberibid. 1929. sJoseph

eternity"by an officiator with the power and authority to act in the name of God. He realized as never

before that temple marriage provides most meaningful guidelines and support for happiness in this life and in the eternities. O

FOOTNOTES Toward Marriage,"The Improvement Era, Vol. General View

x"Temple Versus Nontemple Marriage in 45, June 1942, p. 384. By Paul Armstrong

Utah: Some Demographic Considerations"So4John A. Widtsoe, "Does Temple Marriage

Vol. Era, Divorce?"Reduce Improvement Thecial Science, 28. Vol. p. January 1964, 39, Criticism

1415. 55, January 1952, pp. Divorce,""Marriage O. 2David McKay, and believe We Era, "Dr. Improvement PresidentThe C. Menninger, Vol. 48, William 1945, "The pp. May

23839. Plans the Future With His Family,"Enterprise, More blest to give

3Richard L. Evans, "To Those Who Look June 1958, p. 16. Than to receive.

66 Improvement Era LIGHTS

By Ray H. Barton, Jr., M.D.

President, Southwest British Mission

"Cease to be idle; cease to be unclean; cease to find of subconscious reluctant release of the final wakeful

fault one with another; cease to sleep longer than is state. Deep sleep appears in 15 to 30 minutes, charneedful; retire to thy bed early, that ye may not be acterized by the appearance of widely undulating

weary; arise early, that your bodies and your minds delta waves. At this point the body temperature

may be invigorated,"the Lord has instructed. (D&C begins to drop, pulse and respiration rates decline,

88:124.) and blood pressure falls.

In the days when this revelation was received, the After deep sleep, dreams begin to occur and acelectric light had not yet been discovered. People company the hilly portions of the evershallowing

retired early and arose early. Candlelight or gaslight sleep. Remembered or semiremembered dreams are

would not allow for extensive, welllighted night those that occur just before awaking. The first

activities. dreams are short; the later ones occupy more time.

With the coming of the electric light, things have Getting to sleep is an individualistic problem, best changed. We can now focus enough electric power performed on a regular schedule. Violation of this

on any event to seriously challenge the sun. Night pattern upsets checks and balances, as happens to

sports events attract huge crowds. Add to this dancthe air traveler who suddenly flies to another part

ing, bowling, theaters, driving, and other such activiof the world and has trouble adjusting to new patties. The list is endless. terns of sleep.

Often morning arrives all too soon. It is time The result of many of the natural laws of sleep

to get up, but we just don't feel like it. We have two being upset is that a considerable part of civilization

choices: (1) get up, or (2) go back to bed. Either is gradually becoming insomniac. Several things conchoice aggravates a cycle. By getting up we force tribute to this. The shift from manual labor to

the nervous system before it is rested. Fatigue will automation has removed much of the natural muscle

be present all day, and the time for regular sleep will fatigue that is conducive to natural sleep. Noises,

arrive too soon that evening. By going back to bed, travel, telephone, electric light, work shifts, telewe run the risk of becoming logy and "sleep drowned"vision—all have lengthened the day and shortened

all day. We will also be sleepy either too soon or the night.

too late for the next regular cycle. What should we Worry or agitation at bedtime makes it difficult

do at this point? Ideally, we should get up, take a even for the normal sleeper to fall asleep. Because

short catnap at noon, then go to bed early and arise of the widespread use of stimulants, many people early, back on schedule. require counteractive sleeping pills. The body is

One of the miracles of life is sleep. Sweet and put through two unnatural extremes. To the inrefreshing sleep is one of the greatest gifts of our somniac the worry of insomnia creates insomnia. The

Creator. During sleep the body regenerates and value of retiring to bed with a clear conscience

rejuvenates. and a body well spent from constructive toil cannot

In the field of medicine, the first requisite for inbe overemphasized, especially if the time selected stituting recovery is to order bed rest for the patient. to retire is early and the time of arising is early.

Science realizes that sleep is part of consciousness, You may wonder why the Lord introduced the differing only in the amount of physical and cerebral verse on sleep by the words "cease to be idle; cease to

activity present. Science has investigated sleep via be unclean; cease to find fault one with another."

new techniques. Electroencephalogram (EEG) Actually it is a logical sequence. Vigorous, refreshed

waves are found to differ in sleep from the wakeful bodies operate best when rested and when not idle.

state. While still awake but ready to drift into sleep, In this condition, one feels better, works better, is

the brain still shows rapid alpha rhythm, characterisgenerally cleaner in body and mind, and is certainly tic of wakefulness. As sleep overtakes the patient, less inclined to find fault with others. We need to

the waves change to irregular, lowvoltage levels with cease to make Edison's invention a curse and start an occasional short burst of rapid activity, suggestive making it useful in our lives. O

February 1967 67 Melchizedek Priesthood

As winter retreats and spring bursts forth with its plays. This organizational effort must begin with the

promise of summer, we are reminded that the prostake leaders of the Melchizedek Priesthood. The

gram of the Melchizedek Priesthood is not all classYoung Men's Mutual Improvement Association athwork and study. Some of it is fun. Of such is the letic directors will be glad to work out the details,

Softball league for elders and other adults still young but the stake must initiate the program, and the ward enough to play and able to keep the eye on the ball. must push it.

The league is churchwide; that is, it is churchwide The Church softball committee, headed by Elder

if the stake or mission can organize a league to play Delbert L. Stapley, will provide the facilities and

a series of games. Many stakes do organize leagues; direction for the allChurch tournament, a series that

many wards are able to field teams. It is for these is second to none. But this series is only an incentive.

that we say, "Get ready!"Soon the umpire will call The strength of the program is in the league, made

out, "Play ball!"up of wards in a stake.

This program of activity has a high and loving For those who are interested in spiritual results, place in the hearts bf the athleticminded. Not only more than 150 nonmembers who played softball last

do they play ball for the fun of it; as they play, they season were converted to the gospel, with an addialso see some of their teammates acquire interest in tional 90 members of their families. More than 700

the Church. Soon these partial absentees are attending have joined the Church since the leagues were estabmeetings with their families, gaining other and more lished. And in 1966, some 1,200 adult members were

important benefits. Occasionally—in fact, more often brought back into activity. The softball league for

than not—nonmember ball players bring their families boys also attracted more than 10,000 players last year.

to Church meetings. The friendly welcome by the We face the 1967 season with enthusiastic anticipateam and the fine sportsmanship of its members has tion. At the end of it, each ward will be asked the

captured their hearts, and they find themselves desirnumber of players converted to the gospel, the number ing the peace that comes from being with the Latterof players'families converted, and the number of playday Saints. ers and their families who are already members who

All of this is good, but there must be organizations have been brought into activity.

and schedules, rules and regulations. There must be We anticipate a wonderful year—both on and off

diamonds on which to play and umpires to call the the playing field. "Batter up!"O

68 Improvement Era SirMore than 150 men What joined the Church Wssm does in 1966 through the softball leagues—and **-. n silence

over 1,200 \ were reactivated! look

Silence is a Bigelow carpet called tightly woven to take the constant wear

Cordridge? of feet for years and years.

It absorbs floor sound and creates Bigelow has or can customcreate an atmosphere of hushed serenity. the perfect carpet to suit every type of

Cordridge has a beautifully dischurch or auxiliary building.

tinctive tree bark texture in any of sixAs America's most experienced teen colors. Its special design adapts carpetmaker we've done it since 1 825.

handsomely to the decor of today's new Mormon church buildings.

Its 100% Bigelow Approved continuous filament nylon pile is dense and

DESERET NEWS

Is the in your home? CHURCH NEWS

Every week the Deseret News DESEHET NEWS 143 South Main Street "Church News"Section brings CHURCH NEWS Salt Lake City, Utah -84111

Latterday Saints together. Please send subscription information on the "Church News."

It is an official organ of the

Church and contains reports, Name.

instruction and news that should be in every L.D.S. home. Address

It costs so little. Mail this

coupon now for information. by...... State.

Presiding Bishopric's Page

What's Wrong with the Young THE PROBLEM: The party was to have been a and caught his breath when he stepped into the culcolorful highlight to the winter MIA program, or so tural hall. He was so familiar with its plain walls

it had been planned. And though it was specifically and highvaulted ceiling that at first he could hardly

for the teenagers, yet there would be so much going believe this to be the same place. Ornamented and

on—plenty of food, lots of room—that the bishop felt adorned, the hall had suddenly taken on a shimmering

very good indeed when someone suggested the young appearance, and he marveled that it had all been marrieds also be invited. accomplished with paper and tinsel, a wealth of

Later he was to recall all too clearly and painfully colored lights, and considerable hard work. Yes, he

the account made by his counselor after that first could see the hard work of the committee had paid meeting with the MIA executives. The bishop rememoff in a spectacular party setting.

bered the assuring ring in a voice charged with "Lowering the ceiling by draping those colored genuine pleasure as the counselor gave his report: streamers was Brother Ostler's idea,"his counselor

"Quite frankly, bishop, this is one time when everywas telling him. "Don't you think this is an amazing

one agreed on everything] I couldn't get over it. transformation? The young people should be so

But then I suspect it's because we're long overdue pleased. I know I am."And so was the bishop.

with a real fine party for these young people; everyone When Brother Ostler told how his committee had

sees the need and is anxious to help. stayed till 2 a.m. to finish the job, the bishop couldn't

"This meeting had everything—enthusiasm, fresh resist putting an arm about him and saying it was

ideas—why, even Brother Ostler got some life in him. surely a case of "great dedication."And then he

caught the spirit of it, and threw in a couple of firstadded, "Just wait till our young people see all this."

class ideas of his own. I'd even go on record saying Just wait, indeed. For this is what they did that

this should be the finest party we've ever put on for night, standing here and there in embarrassed little our young folks."bunches in that vast and ornate hall. The MIA

Yes, mused the bishop later, everyone had caught officers and teachers, the bishopric, and the rest of the the spirit of it. The MIA officers and their party adults involved—they waited. The teenagers never

committee put so much effort and eagerness into the arrived, and the adults waited in vain. It was true

planning that it suddenly became everyone's major enough that some came out, the regulars, the hundredopportunity to show the rest of the ward what splendid percenters who can always be counted on. But the

things could be done, what high levels could be party was flat and listless without a majority. And

reached in providing entertainment for the youngsters. even those who came seemed uncomfortable on the

And the bishopric became infected by the same nearempty dance floor.

urgent spirit to succeed: the budget for decorations As it grew late the bishop made delicate inquiry if

was doubled, and earlier plans for hot chocolate and perhaps there was a basketball game at the high doughnuts were swept aside in favor of a more elaboschool. No, they'd been very thorough in checking this

rate menu involving considerable cost and preparation. out. Another dance somewhere else? No again. There

"Why not loosen up? Spend a little money this seemed to be no real reason for the skimpy attendance.

once. Do it right!"reasoned the bishop with his Toward the end of the evening he began to hear

counselors. "Let's show our teenagers how much we murmurs from a cluster of MIA officers: "What's

appreciate them, how much they mean to us. They're wrong with the young people in this ward? We go

surely worth it."And so it went. to all this trouble, and they won't even bother to

He shuddered as he reviewed once again the night come out."

of the party, for he had become quite apprehensive It was a black night. The bishop tried to avoid the

that they might not be doing enough. But he blinked kitchen, but one of the sisters hurried up to him as

70 Improvement Era People in Our Ward, Bishop \?

he was edging toward the door. admit,"Bishop Haroldson was saying, "but the kids

"Bishop, I just don't know what we're going to do had a whale of a good time getting them up. I think

with all that food. My goodness, when I think of the they had more fun the night before. We must have

time it took to make those pies, and the gallons of had twenty or thirty of them working here. Even

homemade ice cream! What's wrong with the young some of your people showed up to help."

people in this ward?"So this is where the bishop began his probing,

He was irritated by her repeating the question. But and this is where he discovered that the second party

later, sitting on the edge of his bed, one shoe in hand, wasn't just put on for young people; it was put on by

he caught himself asking it again: What was wrong young people. They had adult supervision on their

with the young people in his ward? planning committee, but these older leaders were

merely advisers. They'd been specifically counseled

THE SOLUTION: It was the following weekend that not to eclipse the work of the youngsters.

the bishop found the answer, and it came as a He was astonished to discover that most of the thunderclap. When he realized the other ward that decisions—and all of the responsibilities and assignmet in their building was putting on a similar party, ments—had been handled by youth leadership.

he experienced a sincere sympathetic twinge over "As a matter of fact,"said the smiling bishop, "we their pending tragedy. However, he went out of his originally scheduled the building a week earlier, but

way to drive past the church that night and was the youngsters counseled us against it. They pointed

mildly surprised at the number of cars outside. He out that the high school was holding a series of

couldn't resist peeking in and was stunned by what semesterend tests next week and figured most everyhe saw. It wasn't enough that the selfsame cultural one would want to study on our weekend. They were

hall, nearly empty a week earlier, was now crammed the ones who decided the following Friday would with a gay and moving throng. Worse still was his catch everyone in a mood for celebrating the end of

recognizing some of the merry crowd as his own the tests, and they were right. I was quite surprised

members. He felt awkward to go in, but from the when I learned you'd taken the earlier date."

door he noted critically the lack of flair in the decoraBishop Haroldson went on. He was delighted with

tions, and he sniffed depreciatingly at the refreshment the new ward Aaronic PriesthoodYouth activity comtable—hot chocolate and doughnuts. mittee, for this, he explained, was the group who had

When he finally caught the other bishop in a quiet planned the party in the first place.

moment the following Sunday, he was in a mellower "Why, when one of the adults suggested we let mood. Obviously, there wasn't anything wrong with the young marrieds join up with the teenagers, the kids

his young people; there was something wrong with present just hooted at the idea. The priests quorum

his ward, with his leadership, with him. He was secretary really spelled it out for us, though. He said

ready to find out just what made the difference. that if we wanted a rousing success we should limit

Bishop Haroldson smiled and sat back in his chair. the party to teenagers. And he was surely right."

Yes, the youth party had been a great success. The The bishop grinned broadly as he confidently went on.

budget? Less than usual. After all, there was nothing "You know, I was real proud of him for speaking

exceptional about the decorations, and the refreshup like that, giving us the benefit of the young folks'ments didn't cost anything. As a matter of fact, the point of view. He's surely becoming a dandy leader,

doughnuts had been made and glazed at home by and would you believe it, I can't ever remember his several groups of girls; another group brought the folks coming out to church. Yes, sir, I couldn't be

chocolate. more pleased with our young people. We must have

"You know, those decorations weren't much, I'll the finest crop in the Church!"O

February 1967 71 Violet Tew Kimball, with hen husband, Dr. Stanley B. Kimball, has twice visited members

of the Church in lands behind the Iron Curtain. She is St.

Louis Stake MIA music director.

had been blessed, he said, and could ask for nothing more except to fulfill his desire to further Christianity in his country.HC3

His great wish of baptizing his wife of 53 years had been fulfilled, although it had to be accomplished with much secrecy and fear for their lives. The fact that the sun came out momentarily during

baptism in that cold, secluded river was personal proof to him that the heavens were rejoicing with them.

His pleasure at discussing the scriptures had been curtailed, and he had been denied much of the mail sent him from friends on the other side of the wall of iron. "The people here are starving for food, for

spiritual food, for something to believe in and hope for."

His physical needs seemed so great, yet he wished not for worldly goods. He only wished to remain in good health, to keep his knowledge

and faith, and to once again be able to proclaim his belief and testimony to people, to open the country again to faith and love and hope.

"I could not wish for anything greater than this."

One could not look at him and doubt his word, this man whose very example was so compelling. His eyes and face shone as he declared

how blessed he was and had been, how he wished for no reward greater than those we all take for granted: religious freedom, the opportunity

to read, work, live, and die where we wish. His only possessions were a

tiny, sparsely furnished apartment and meager food and clothing; yet

he possessed far greater riches than mere earthly possessions.

One could not help but think of the Savior, the light of whose gospel shone so abundantly in the humble home. It spread out to us.

We were enriched and sustained by being a part of this experience in the land ruled by godless men.

To those of us who had never known his way of life, it was an unforgettable experience. With our high standards of living and great

abundance, who could match the example of this faithful Saint who does not forget the Lord's tenth and who feels it a privilege and blessing to do so on his $15 a month allotment? Truly this message from Matthew,

"Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness'sake: for theirs

is the kingdom of heaven,"is just as applicable to the modernday Saints as it was to the ones who lost their lives through wicked rulers in the days of Moses, to those who during the time of Christ were stoned by zealous mobs, or to the Saints who trudged west from Nauvoo.

Christ's people have been, and will forever be, persecuted. But in

a sense, this man's tragedy is different from that which befell Saints of the past. Some Saints found peace in death, while others were

driven to the mountains for their freedom, or into the arms of more tolerant societies.

They had an opportunity that is denied these present prisoners of Satan—the freedom to leave, the chance to make a better life for

themselves. This is one freedom that few people under Communist

domination have. Their struggle seems more hopeless as the years

go by. Many of them do not possess the hope and faith of this indomitable

Behind the Iron Curtain a Latterday Saint prays for things many of us take for granted: religious freedom, the

opportunity to read—even to die where he wishes.

spirit. Perhaps many have succumbed and will continue to succumb

to the pressures of society. But the type of spirit exemplified in this

strong and majestic man who will not bend is worthy of our greatest admiration and esteem.

e walked silently and quickly up the three flights of stairs, knocked softly on the door, and waited. A faint ray of light coming

through a small window only partly illuminated the hallway. No

electric light was evident, nor would it have been burning had there been one.

What seemed like minutes passed before the door was opened slowly. The aged man who answered peered hesitantly out at our strange

faces. Many times previously he had opened the door to suspicion,

hate, and mistrust. Now his hand trembled, and his eyes stared at us

for a moment. What thoughts must have been running through his

mind! Then he recognized a familiar face; he smiled and beckoned us

to enter his humble dwelling. His firm handgrip made us feel the

spirit and warmth that emanated from his being.

His delight at having visitors and his surprisingly excellent command of English soon dispelled any feeling of strangeness and unfamiliarity. Foreign visitors were rare in his home; indeed, visitors

of any kind were infrequent.

We talked in subdued tones; spying neighbors make one aware

/> of the need of such precaution. So enthralled were we by this man

that the need for electricity did not become evident until our faces were indistinct. But the convenience of electricity had to be foregone as the

need for more privacy became important. In his land, darkness hides

the face of fear, and one becomes bolder under the covering of night.

We sat spellbound as his story unfolded:

He was the victim of Communist domination and crueltv. A teacher,

he was a product of schools steeped in traditional European learning, but his dream of public service and success had been halted, and he had become a helpless victim of the new regime.

He had refused to cooperate and teach the new dogma of hatred, greed, violence, and annihilation, of a godless world where hate and fear rule instead of love and honor, where slavery rules instead of freedom, force instead of free agency, suspicion instead of trust, domination instead of democracy.

He was a martyr in the strongest sense, knowing his very livelihood depended on the whims of the new government. He had, therefore,

been "retired"some years ago to exist on the meager allowance allotted him. He had grown old, but the same spirit and faith that had given

him support remained strong and pure.

Although the old man's pension was barely enough to meet minimum expenses, he proclaimed that his every need had been satisfied. Physical

needs, which sometimes drive spiritual thoughts from the mind, had been few and were always fulfilled. O

ay it with sticky buns...he'U get the message*

52page Fabulous a rather special wife can Only FREE Fleischmann's this. it takes such bake like Because

Treasury of Yeast Baking. littleFleiscfimann's. special patience. ingredients. A

Yeast A lot of love. And Fleischmann's Withphotos,50stepby-stepgreat recipes,illustrations,color

Yeast, of course. Because it's always hints. For a free copy, send

fresh and active, Fleischmann's makes your bakings your name and address (please extra high, extra light, extra good. What a delicious way include your zip code) to Box 9,

ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF.STANDARD BRANDS INCORPORATED to make your man feel very special! Mount Vernon. N. Y. 10559.

A hostess served an elegant pie to her guests, and when complimented, she answered, "It tastes like cotton to me."Why can't a person

graciously accept a compliment? That pie didn't taste like cotton, A and she knew it. When nice things are said to one, a person with

charm will answer in the same spirit and not with a reply that is like a slap in the face. A simple "thank you,"said in a pleasant way, is Valentine adequate in return for a compliment.

its is different, to entirely adequate. goodness ment would be The crust of A Pie Today we have a most unusual, delicious pie recipe. No compliIt is of crumbs. Cheerio so easy packed with nourishment and made

By Florence B. Pinnock to put together. Next is added a "milehigh"butterscotch filling,

luscious with rich flavor and lighter than air.

This pie could be a beautiful Valentine for your family, signed "With love from Mother."

Butterscotch Cheerio Pie well. Press in an even layer over the geiatin, and salt. Stir in the milk and

Pie crust: bottom and sides of a 9-inch pie plate. beaten egg yolks. Cook over water in

1V4 cups fine Cheerio crumbs (3y2 Bake in a 350 oven for 5 minutes. a double boiler until thickened. Stir

cups Cheerios) Remove and cool before filling. constantly. Add the vanilla; chill until

let to not begins set, but do mixture cup sugar y3 thick. the melted butter Pie Filling: Beat too egg 6 tablespoons it become

1 teaspoon water 34 cup Drown sugar whites until they hold a peak. Gradu-

1 teaspoon vanilla envelope unflavored gelatin ally add the remaining % cup brown % teaspoon salt sugar and continue beating until stiff

Make fine crumbs of the Cheerios by eggs, separated and glossy. Fold into the gelatin mixcrushing with a rolling pin or by putting tablespoon vanilla ture. Pile into the crumb crust. Chill

in the blender. Combine the crumbs, until firm. Sprinkle with chopped

sugar, butter, water, and vanilla; mix Mix together y2 cup brown sugar, pecans.

out get could one No tiny HOME SWEET HOME defense.

so it in our should be of step. And

Last summer out on the front homes, with father, the holder of lawn marched a parade of 19 quail. the priesthood, leading the way

First came the father; next followed and mother keeping track of each

17 tiny, soft, feathery baby quail, child, never letting one wander with mother quail bringing up the astray. The mother quail feared a

rear. Father quail proudly led the meandering cat as a threat to her

way, each little one stayed in line, little ones. We as parents have

and not once did mother quail much more to fear for our children.

allow one of the But little of an evil nature can babies to get behind. happen if father and mother take

I thought, their rightful place, one leading how wonderfuland one acting as a second line of father leading and defense.

tffc''mother following, Family Dates acting as the second 34 cup shortening line of 1 cup brown sugar l/2 cup white sugar 2 eggs 1 tablespoon vanilla iy2 cups sifted flour salt teaspoon %1 teaspoon soda 3 cups quickcooking rolled oats 1 cup chopped walnuts 1 cup chopped dates

Cream the shortening, sugars, and eggs together until light. Add the

vanilla, then the flour, salt, and soda sifted together. Mix well. Add the

rolled oats, nuts, and dates. Mix and

drop from a teaspoon on greased cookie sheet. Bake at 350 F. until

lightly brown. Cool on rack. Serve after

the lesson on family evening. Iced

milk is delicious served with these

Illustrated by Martha Purdy cookies.—FBP O

February 1967 75 Fuk tie

i - m m m t OSSm—-

You can't play this music correctly on a unified organ*

But you can on a Baldwin.

The music is from the brilliant church organ models, and you'll cuting the above pedal passages.

D Major FUGUE by J. S. Bach. see why it's so important in exeAnd for complete specifications,

And to do this contrapuntal just write Baldwin, Dept. IE 2-67

music justice, you need an instruCincinnati, Ohio 45202.

ment with a complete pedal Baldwin Model 11: 16'Diaorgan—a full complement of pason, 16'Sub Bass, 8'Octave, 8'

independent voices. Bourdon, 4'Super Octave, 2'Block

Baldwin has this complement Flute, Mixture IV, 16'Posaune, 8'in the small as well as the large Trumpet, 4'Schalmei. Baldwin

instruments. Model 6: 16'Diapason, 16'Sub

organs, other some And unlike 4'8'Bass, 8'Octave, Bourdon, or duplexing employsBaldwin no 2'Flute, Octave, Block Superunification. stop Every on each

manual and the pedal represents Mixture IV, 16'Posaune, 8'a different voice with its own Trumpet, 4'Schalmei. Baldwin

distinctive tone color. llllllUlllIililflff i Model 4: 16'Diapason, 16'Sub

Check this list of stops on the Bass, 16'Gedeckt, 8'Octave, 8'pedal division of a few of our Bourdon, 4'Super Octave, 2'

Blockflote, Mixture III, 16'Fagott. F 1

76 Improvement Era

India and Pakistan combined. The

These Times USSR, with 214 million in 1960, is projected for 353 million in 2000.

Europe will expand from 425 million in 1960 to some 527 million—

Population Growth presumably still leaving room for

By Dr. G. Homer Durham tourists!

President, Arizona State University The concern with population growth, recently experienced by school boards, colleges, and universities, must shortly concern every one. But the problems will range

far beyond the present concerns for adequate financing, construction of sufficient buildings, and land acquisition. These problems

are not going to go away. They

will intensify. But soon, more and

more people will be concerned with the effects of population growth in other fields than education, housing, and economic expansion.

Only ten years ago one could fly from Los Angeles to Phoenix,

Albuquerque, Denver, Salt Lake

City, or Reno with only local air pollution evident. Today, it is not

uncommon to fly over this relatively empty space, say from AlbuIllustrated by Carol Hablitzel querque to Los Angeles, and find the atmosphere streaked with smut

There is too little thinking about that the world reached its first biland smog in the entire southwest.

important issues and too much lion inhabitants as recently as 1810, The largest bodies of fresh water attention to press and television in Napoleon's time. The world popin the world, the Great Lakes of

news headlines. Headlines, printed ulation became two billion in 1925 North America, once teemed with

or pronounced on television or—115 years later. Only 35 years vitality and life. Today, Lake Erie

radio, are designed to capture and were required to add the third is described as "a great big sewer."

attract attention. What will attract billion1960. The fourth billion Similar pollution threatens Lakes

attention from moment to moment, will arrive in 20 years—1980; and Ontario, Huron, Michigan, and

or from day to day, may have little just 13 years will be required to Superior.

relevance or relationship to basic generate the fifth billion by 1993, With population growth and inissues. on the basis of 1960 growth rates. dustrialization, the rivers of AmerThe definition of "basic issues"On the same basis, Bourgeoisica have long been polluted. When

will vary from person to person, Pichat projects a world population four billion people, in 1980, use up from place to place. In a recent of nearly 136 billion by the year tinfoil, burn gasoline, denude and

address, Dr. Bernard M. Oliver, 2220. This is equivalent to one litter the landscape, empty sewage,

vicepresident of the Hewlettperson per square meter. In that and throw junk into lakes and

Packard Company, listed five items day, human beings will really be rivers, what will the earth be like?

that concerned him: (1) oversurrounded by litter, encased in What will the five billion do in

population; (2) mineral depletion; polluted air, and rushing about (if 1993—only 26 years away?

(3) depletion of the atmosphere; movement is possible) in search of Along with cosmology, space

(4) arrested evolution; and (5) pure water! (See Population exploration, nuclear physics, biodecline of morality. Growth and Development, Interchemistry, economic, social, and

The United Nations conducted national Conciliation, No. 556, political concerns, one of the most

a world population conference in January 1966, published by the challenging subjects of the present

Belgrade in August and September Carnegie Endowment, N. Y. and future is how men can co1965. The Second Vatican Council, By the year 2000, not so far disoperate together to maintain the

under both John XXIII and Paul tant, Asia is estimated to have 3.3 earth, its land, air, and water, as a

VI, became deeply involved in billion people (3,307,000,000) infit and fruitful place in which to population and birth control matstead of the 1.65 billion of 1960. live. Litter, pollution, illuse or

ters. The United States and Canada, 199 abuse of land and resources must

Jean BourgeoisPichat, director million in 1960, will number 354 soon take their places as central of the National Institute of Demomillion inhabitants. Red China will concerns of thinking men and

graphic Studies in Paris, has shown contain over one billion, as will women everywhere. O

February 1967 77 Housewives There'sgrocery a shopping.real knack Theto

Con Cut housewifeaverage Americanwastes a staggering sum of money each year.Food Prices But why you? Buffs

Learn how to shop and efficiently with Rebuffs a course in personal finance.

(Bus. Mgt. 205x)

Act today!

HOME STUDY, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

Please send your Home Study Catalog to:

NAME ADDRESS How to Teach the Old Testament

CITY STATE Relative to."How Will You Ap-

E-2-67 ZIP CODE proach the Old Testament"in the.J ".October.. the issue,Bible, Brighamwhen it isYoungunderstood,said,

is one of the simplest books in the world, for, as far as it is translated correctly, it is nothing but truth, and in truth there is no mystery save to the ignorant."(Journal of Discourses.

Elders Norman Crosby and Merrill Cook HOLY LAND London, England

Counselors to the President Nr with

The November Era says that President Joseph Fielding Smith is the only person to be both president of the

Council of the counselor Twelve and W. Cleon Skousen in the First Presidency. PresiWasn't

dent David 0. McKay also in this

April 11 Departure wasposition?chosenHe Presidentwas a counselorof the whenChurch.he

Ruby Northrop MURDOCH TRAVEL, INC. Grand Junction, Colorado

14 South Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

PLEASE SEND ME FULL PARTICULARS ON

THE SPRING TOUR OF THE HOLY LAND. Eve and I

by Mabel Jones Gabbott

COMPLETE Pen INSURANCE THE NEW SERVICE NON CAFFEINE CASUALTY HOT DRINK LIFE ACCIDENT Just boiling add water. FIRE Adults children love and

HEALTH delicious flavor. PERO's BR 2-9878

too. Economical, HERBERT W. BROWN 6-1961 GR

Distributed WILLIAM by H. BROWN

World Imports Inc. PAUL M. WEENIG

2520 South 7th West Salt Lake City, Utah Dealers'inquiries invited P.O.Los BoxAngeles,24216,CaliforniaVillage Station,90024

Assistant Church Historian Earl E. As we read each article on the First PROTECT

Presidency of the Council Twelve, Olson and comments your copies of if they out reached was as "The Era statement: is correct in it and

two ways in that President Smith gave us that warm Mormon handserves daily as 'counselor in the First shake. Through all of it, a deep

Presidency'and 'President of the feeling of humility, love, and devotion to the Twelve.'Council of service came to us. What a great TheImprovement is "First, he the only counselor susmagazine!

tained as 'counselor in the First Norma Brimhall Tidwell

Presidency'(not holding the position Gilbert, Arizona also or counselor), first second who of with an the Council as President served of of I overseas, just but on way am my the time. at the Twelve same last the to for Era. thank had you actually President "Second, Smith it I receive I will Through know serves as President officiates and of ERA spiritual of deal great and enjoyment

also in counselor the as Twelve and is a testimony growth. magazine The the PresiPresidency. First Although to me. a BINDER sustained dent Lund Anthon H. was Jarvis, Robert W. USNR Presithe in First counselor first as Gridley USS the Council President dency and of

at the same time (19181921), Rudger

I suggest that it would May as acting sustained Clawson was help us only $2.50

teachers are put biographif you the as who served president Twelve and of ical person to a relating material on President president. Likewise, acting Era Improvement The picture. of his This would the back as secsustained 0. was David McKay

picture the with help the us keep State Street 79 South the Presidency counselor First in ond and President of the Twelve (195051), biographical information. Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

with Joseph Fielding Smith being Louise Bush sustained as acting president of the Clearfield, Utah

Twelve."Pictures of members of the First

The November Era Presidency and Council of the Twelve have been prepared in packet form

Words can never express the happiwith biographical information on back ness the Era, has brought to our home, of each picture, and these may be purespecially the November issue. We chased at Church supply outlets. The

felt as though we had a wonderful reason the picture and biographical visit with each of the First Presidency information appeared on opposite and Council of the Twelve. The picpages in the Era was for reading contures were lovely and will be chervenience in a magazine format.

ished.

Bennett Eliza Macleod, Alberta, Canada Send Six Receipt Books! CORDLESS SLIDE PROJECTOR

projecbattery-operated This featherlight, so I being enjoy Era director—it's please Era, of the reader avid an As is missionaries, travelers, and for tor ideal product. terrific sell to such a easy

exfor congratulations an accept my batteries, preflashlight forms, Three servicemen. order of one batch Please send

in issue The ceptional November. control focusing cision lens, patented subscriptions, and for saving envelopes 24

First the of articles the members on clear bright, slide to details 12"xl8"of project poster, plastic display 35mm one of the Twelve Council Presidency and slots for side writing pictures. showing has Also of Youth"the next "Era

entire interesting. The very were lightcolored strips. books. Projects receipt film six against any competition, and Era inspiring filled equally with issue was please. wall. ppd. $7.95 No COD McDougall D. R. material.

tax. sales residents 28c Utah add Tasmania Howrah, Russell McKenzie

Cincinnati, Ohio Australia MARK DAVID, Dept. E2. 770 East 700 South

Bountiful, Utah 84010

Had I been Eve in the gardens The meadows were peaceful, the HotomaticHeaterGas#3 Water shade air teas bland; Willfor Baptistries,supply all theChurchhot waterKitchens,needed

20 450 GPH, Where Lucifer smiled and bowed The lion and wolf were happy in riseRest inRooms.temperature.Heats for free Write

play. on heaters, water Fiberglass and made

Baptistries and spires. Also

Electric in the garden who could say folders Sibilant Water Heaters. noises, inviting me There

To taste of the forbidden tree, The blessings of earth life and 907LITTLE7th Street,GIANTOrange,MFG. TexasCO.

Would I have chosen Eden or family life? Would outweigh Eden eventually? MAKE $12 HOUR AT HOME AN % serpent came Eve and the I were If the visioned day by I have Would

Let Prove FREE! To You Me calling knowing and and my strife day ( Wise i'M Piastic Sealing show you and howIt

Laminating at time, give home, spare can it name), mortal thought being and you as operate. hour much as each $12 you Of

Tabletop sets Easy. machine up anywhere. best—pain worry and Fun. offered needed. experience furnish And No me

We'll even help financeWe you. at joy the a child knowing Not of selling. houseto-house everything.No Orders by come death and

mail. Write facts for FREE. salesman No breast, my last will to life's child love And of Jarvis, ELECTRIC, 1512 tall the the son, sudden Or kiss of a WARNERcallDept. III. L-147BT, Chicago, 60626 breath, grace

I would take the apple and dancing, or sensing I think a daughters MOVING? Of BRUIN eat the place & STORAGE VAN

Of motherhood in the Fathers And count the price of mortality PHONE plan? sweet. 3950331

Nelson V. Johnson, Jr.

1814 A Colorado Santa Monica, California

February 1967 79 relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length: 150 words.End of an Era End of an Era will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences

We could progress a great "I was 59 yesterday. It is It is difficult to make a man

deal faster, and could unpleasant to be 59; but it would miserable while he feels he is

prosper a thousand times be unpleasanter not to be, having worthy of himself and claims more than we do if we would got started."—Thomas B. Aldrich, kindred to the great God who

be one in carrying out in letter to William Dean Howells made him.—Abraham Lincoln

the counsels given us by the Lord through his servants.

-President John Taylor The Sunday School teacher had been telling her children the story of

Noah and the ark. After mentioning the various animals taken into the

ark, she asked, "Do you suppose Noah did much fishing in his spare

Student: "I've added those time, with all that water around?""What?"asked a small voice from the

back of the room. "With only two worms?"

figures ten times, sir."Professor:—Submitted by G. D. Kent, Lansing, Michigan

"Good boy/'Student: "And

here are the ten answers."My father once quoted a familiar passage of scripture to a Sunday

School class and then asked, "Do you know who said that?"

"Oh, I suppose it was that doctor,"one little boy said. "What doctor?"

Labor to keep alive in your breast demanded my father. "Doctor N'Covnants,"the boy replied.

that little spark of celestial fire, called—Submitted"He said almostby Estelleeverything!"Thomas, Pinedale, Arizona

Conscience.—George Washington

Life Among the Mormons

Justice

By Virginia Maughan Kammeyer

For seven years, each Sabbath day, The six year olds? or eights, alas!

She helped the four year olds to pray, He surely can't mean to suggest

Recite, and sing, and fold their hands, That I'm at last to have a rest!

And march to class in little bands. A rest! A rest! Oh, day most blest!

She practiced finger plays for fun, A Sabbath day at last unstressed!

And cut out pictures by the ton; No toddlers wiggling in their places,

The moral lessons she had given No poster paints on little faces!

Would make a fourlane road to heaven. No flannel talks! No boards! No chalks!

The tale of Noah on the deep No sticky fingers where pasting lingers!")

She could murmur in her sleep. Contentment o'er her face was spread.

She sat up straight, and raised her head.

then heartbeat the So bishop pulses steady, calm and called her in—With

This Junior "Bishop, She answered, ready."Sunday heroine. School 1 am

"We've decided to arrange For you to have a little change."Where she was she couldn't tell,

Thoughts went whirling through her mind: So stunning was the bomb that fell;

("What kind of change? Oh, my, what kind? "We were sure that you'd consent

Am 1 to have a different class? To be the Primary president!"

Next month: Primary

80 Improvement Era if *YIt.i%J t: * M Wmww% 2 fi OLLEGEfftfrTf TTa I flffiilNH/iJII

An outstanding college owned and operated by

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

m Academic Program A comprehensive libClasses Small.classes—superior faculty eral arts and scientific curriculum is offered—personal attention.

by ten divisions and 28 departments.

Church Activity Ribjcs College Stake includes nine wards. (Nearly all positions

Acreditation Rjcks College is accredited within the wards, exjpept bishoprics, are by the Northwest Association of Secondary filled by students, rjlon - Latterday Saint and Higher Schools and is a memberof students with high standards are welcome. the American Association of Junior Colleges

and the American Council of Education. Enrollment Current Enrollment at Ricks

College is 2,951. Over 400 come from

Administration Ric|s College is owned ""outside Idaho, including 44 states and and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ Washington, D.C., with! more than 100 stuof Latterday Saints. I- dents from foreign countries.

Founding Ricks poflege was founded NoAssemblies Monday—devotional; Friday vember 12, 1888f It is the oldest educa-—forum and special programs. tional institution now engaged in higher

education in Idaho.

Athletics Participatijon irj nine major sports. Graduates Ricks offers both the associate

I \degree program and the junior college

Campus and Facilities The Rexburg cam diploma to graduated pus covers approximately 245 acres. In| /Honor Code All student who enroll at

eluded are sevn academic buildings,: iRicks College agree to adhere to a studentstudent center, jLO residence halls, and jdevised honor code. Thik includes high

several temporary classroom and office Standards of morality and abstinence from buildings. | cohol and tobacco. I

HI

Ricks College Rexburg, Idaho The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Howtobea

..financial wizard

without really trying! fl| m

It's easy. Just call your Beneficial Life

man. He'll meet you any time, any

place. And he has all the "formulas"for

Beneficial's "Instant Estates."* With

the stroke of a pen, you can create a personal estate worth as many thousands of dollars as you care to name

The cost? Well within your present

budget. Your Beneficial Life man will

make sure of that! Call him soon.

*Ifyou can think ofa quicker way to create an estate, call us. We'd like

to try it too!

BENEFICIAL LIFE (Jn rfwnpanu Virgil H. Smith, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah