MHMfElMMr

Irrigation PROF. LEVI EDGAR YOUNG

Speed and the Spirit JOSEPH J. CANNON

Native Plants DR. J. H. PAUL

OCTOBER IN SOUTHERN UTAH KENNETH S. BENNION

TURNING THE WASHINGTON MONUMENT INSIDE OUT ROBERT SPARKS WALKER STORY OF RICE CULTURE JOHN Q. ADAMS

''''''''''''.!. '. '*: ''--V>M gffiM*W '

?mvm M2tf Minimi, QiPiFiiMiKnr if Trap. <sj;raM m.y&dm m 7 ILATifillR &m gAOMTS- i giTi

SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES OFFER SPECIAL WINTER EXCURSION FARES FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR OGDEN TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY COMMENCING OCTOBER 1ST

FINAL RETURN LIMIT 8 MONTHS FROM DATE OF SALE

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

BISHOPS! JewelryFountain Pens KodaksLuggage

You also should investigate our Special Offer to MISSIONARIES AND STUDENTS We Served 800 Missionaries (SlEGEL JEWELRY CO.)

Last Year 76 EAST 259 ISOUTH STREET

GROWN LARGE By DOING SMALL JOBS WELL

"Distinctive Printing In All Its Branches'

The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Does Your Subscription End with Volume 31?

having had the advantage of the Improvement Era in your homeAFTERduring the past year, has it not become, to a noticeable extent, a fixed necessity? That is the testimony of thousands of Latterday Saints who

have been constant readers of the Era from the very first volume.

Is there really anything which you would prefer to have your children read, or to read yourself, than the wholesome, interesting, instructive and inspiring messages of truth this magazine contains?

If your subscription commenced with the first number of volume 31 (November, 1927), it expires with the October number of this year. Be sure

you don't miss a single copy. If you haven't already done so, send in your

renewal at once, stating the month with which you wish it to commence. Use

the blank at the bottom of this page.

What Volume 32 Promises The material to be contained in the sionary—a most important individualnext volume of the Era will be even—in readjusting himself to local conbetter, if possible, than what the presditions and requirements,

ent volume, thus far, has brought into 3. A storywriting contest, in

your home. Following are some of which a Churchwide interest should

the outstanding, interesting features be manifested, planned for the coming year: 4. The Adult division of our Mu-

1. Instructive doctrinal articles tual Work department will contain,

from Church leaders will appear, from each month, a comprehensive review, time to time; also articles on science, by an eminent Latterday Saint writer,

travel, inventions, nature study, etc., of some recent outstanding book.

by men in and out of the Church 5. The Messages From the Miscompetent to treat these subjects. sions, under our new plan, will be

2. "As the Returned Missionary faithpromoting and of vital importViews It"will be the title of a series ance to old and young alike.

of articles that will help, it is hoped, And all the other material—articles,

to bring about a better understanding stories, departmental information of the problems of the returned miswill have a like appeal and interest.

Fill Out This Blank and Mail TODAY!

General Superintendency Y. M. M. I. A.,

47 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Kindly renew my subscription to the Improvement Era. My $2 is enclosed

herewith.

Name

Addrexs Ward Commence with the..number.

ALL SUBSCRIPTIONS ARE PAID IN ADVANCE

Captains of Industry The NEW MANUAL of the courses of study for the Adult Department of the MutualONEthe coming season, is this new manual, "Captains of Industry,"a sequel to "Heroes of Science"(192627), and "Champions of Liberty"(192728).

This new manual presents, in a most interesting, entertaining and instructive manner, the life history of men who, by their industry, frugality, and perseverance, have achieved worldwide eminence in various lines of the world's work. You will find their biographies an inspiration to press on and on to

ever greater accomplishments. You will like this manual, as you did the other

two of the series; and whether or not it is selected as the course of study in

your particular ward, be sure to get a copy for your home library, and give the members of your family the advantage of becoming familiar with these outstanding characters. The price of this manual is 25c.

Manuals of Former Years We still have on hand a limited send you a list of these formeryear number of some of the manuals of manuals which are still available, former years, which we should Just to give you an idea of what like to place in the homes of these manuals are, we are listing a few the Saints, where they can do real, of the titles in the following order constructive good. While they last, blank, which we ask you kindly to

fill out and mail with your remittancethese will be sold at 10c each.—far

less than the actual cost of publication, for manuals. Be sure to ask for the

There is no better literature published list.

anywhere for the Latterday Saint We also have a few copies of Dr.

home than what is contained in these John A. Widtsoe's book, "JOSEPH

manuals; and, at 10c each, you should SMITH As SCIENTIST,"at 50c; and a

strive to obtain a copy of all of them few bound volumes of the Improvefor your home reading table. If you merit Era, at $1.50 each—the mere

will just ask for it, we will gladly cost of binding.

Use This Blank For Ordering Manuals

General Superintendency Y. M. M. I. A.,

47 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Enclosed herewith is $, for which kindly send me copies of the new manual, "CAPTAINS OF INDUSTRY,"at 25c each; also

copies each of the following manuals I have checked, at 10c:

"Heroes of Science,""Champions of Liberty,""How Science Contributes to

Religion."

Name

Address Shall we send you a complete list of formeryear manuals and books now available for purchase? Answer Yes or No

Mastodon Bones Found in Payson. A

short time ago bones of a large prehistoric animal was found in Payson, Utah, by

Isaac Hansen, when loading gravel in a pit belonging to Robert L. Wilson, a

contractor. The first specimen found was

embedded in a stratum of clay, covered by ten feet of gravel and overlying a bed of quicksand. This bone proved to be a

joint and measured fourteen inches in diameter. After further digging, two other

bones, the femur and tibia, were uncovered and measured eight and a half feet in length. Dr. Hansen of the B. Y. UniWe Specialize in making up

versity, Provo, is of the opinion the bones are those of a mastodon, an animal which Stage Curtains and lived 20,000 years ago. Draperies

Mission President named. Elder Clarence Modern and up to the Minute.

H. Tingey, 1424 Stratford Ave., Salt Lake

City, was appointed, Aug. 28, 1928, by Our work shop is equipped with the very

the First Presidency to succeed Pres. Charles latest appliances.

H. Hyde in the presidency of the Australian

mission. He labored in that mission some Call at Z. C. M. I.

is, thereDrapery Department to 1920—andyears ago—1917

fore, well acquainted with its conditions Let Our Decorator Give You an Estimate and requirements. Pres. Hyde will be FREE OF CHARGE

honorably released, as soon as his successor arrives in the field.

KARL G. MAESER

the Master Teacher still lives in his Biography by his Son

Reinhard Maeser, the oldest son of the great teaeher. in a

dignified yet sympathetic manner has given to the world in this new book published by Brigham Young University a touching picture of the struggles and strength of his illustrious father.

Through this book Karl G. Maeser will touch and strengthen the

lives of thousands who never beheld his face.

A BOOK PROFITABLE TO EVERY READER

189 Pages Handsomely Bound $1.50

On Sale At Students'Supply Association BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

A RARE TREAT For Salt Lakers and Conference Visitors Concert |p Extraordinary!

Friday Oct* 5th 8:15 P.M.

Admission 50c and 75c (Tickets on Sale at DaynesBeebe's

TABERNACLE CHOIR (300 VOICES) Featuring As ConcertArtist The Internationally Famous George Liebling PianistComposer GEORGE LIEBLING SAYS:

W. W. Kimball Company, Chicago, Illinois

Gentlemen: manufacturers—bothHaving for manyin years,EuropeusedandnumerousAmerica—Ipianosamofconvincedthe world'sthatgreatestin all

particulars the KIMBALL attains the highest achievement in the realm of piano making.

Very Sincerely Yours, (SIGNED) GEORGE LIEBLING.

WRITE TO DAYNESBEEBE FOR FREE POSTPAID KIMBALL CATALOGS

DaynesBeebe Music CoM BLi lf "OLDER THAN THE STATE OF UTAH"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

OCTOBER. 1928

Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor Melvin J. Ballard, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

HIGHWAY IN ZlON'S PARK Frontispiece

HARVEST. A POEM ------Grace Ingles Frost 985

IRRIGATION Levi Edgar Young 98 7

LISTEN. A POEM Weston N. Nordgren 1000

Speed and the Spirit. A Story - - Joseph J. Cannon 1 001

THE TEST. A POEM Unice Petersen 1007

The Realms of Science and Religion - Dr. Joseph F. Merrill 1008

Warning Against Losing Old Faiths - - Sir Oliver Lodge 1014

October in Southern Utah. Illustrated - Kenneth S. Bennion 1015

My Homeland. A Poem R. C. Savage 1024

Turning the Washington Monument Inside Out

Robert Sparks Walker 1025 The Common Walks of Life. A Poem Bertha A. Kleinman 1033

Native Plants as Friends and Foes -./. H. Paul 1034

Moonlight and Silver Stars. A Poem - 1040

A Short Story of Rice Culture John Q. Adams 1 04

Appreciation. A Story - Wm. A. Morton 1 04

AS A MAN THINKETH. A POEM Helen Kimball Orgill 104 3

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated - 1044

- - 105 5 Editor's Table—A Forgotten VdlcE

Priesthood Quorums - - 105 7 Change in the Y. m. M. I. A. Office 1059

Mutual Work - 1060 Passing Events.......- 1070 --------

Entered at the Post Office. Salt Luke City. Utah, at secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October. 1917

tuthorized on July 2, 1918.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement. "At usual rates,"are considered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, will be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City: S2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church

< OfficeOff Building.

ANNOUNCEMENTS

How Parents Can Educate Themselves, dition this knowledge will materially inan article which appeared in the Septemcrease the pleasure of canyon trips.

ber issue of the Era, consisted of a talk An Eastern writer, Robert Sparks given by Dr. B. L. Richards of the Utah Walker, furnishes for this number a unique

Agricultural College, at the National and interesting article, "Turning the WashCouncil of Parental Education at Detroit, ington Monument Inside Out."Many

Michigan, in October, 1926, parts of Era readers have no doubt visited this fawhich were published by the Children's mous monument, but it is probable that

Magazine, October, 1926. Acknowledgvery few of them have climbed to its top

ment is here made to this magazine for and seen what this author describes.

allowing the publication of the article. The last installment of Dr. Joseph F.

Prof. Levi Edgar Young's article, "IrMerrill's article, "The Realms of Science

rigation,"found in this issue, treats an and Religion,"is presented to our readers important phase of the early history of in this issue. Like the first part, this deUtah from a new angle. As can be readily serves a thoughtful reading.

seen, its preparation required much painsThe Story of an Old Playhouse, a book taking research, and it will prove a valuwritten by George D. Pyper, is just off the

able contribution to our literature on this press and is reviewed in this number of the subject. Era by Dr. Adam S. Bennion. Both the

book and the review are classics and should Speed and the Spirit, a story of ideals, literally true in every detail, by Joseph J. not be overlooked. The Salt Lake Theatre,

which is the subject of this volume, is theCannon, is a thrilling one which will be eagerly read, we feel certain, by both oldest legitimate playhouse in America. It

young and old. The pulses of all will has recently passed into other hands and

quicken as they peruse it. Our young preparations are already under way to raze

The fact that the historic building willpeople, particularly, will be interested in it.

soon be nothing but a memory and that this article, and it will not only stir their feelings deeply, but will leave them with the book was written by one who has managed the playhouse longer than thenobler ideals and a strong and impelling combined service of all the other managersdesire to be true to their conceived standwill add interest to the subject.ards of right and wrong. Parents whose An official notice concerning the Gensons and daughters are not in the habit of

reading the Era will do well to call this ealogical class, issued by the general authorities of the Mutuals, is to be found story to their attention.

in this number. It should be read by

Native Plants as Friends and Foes, by all officers of the M. I. A. And in

Dr. J. H. Paul, is continued in this numthis connection, it may be well to sugber. Another article of this same series is gest that officers of Priesthood quorums,

promised for November. With these aras well as leaders in the Y. M. M. I. A.,

ticles their author is sure that any person should make it a practice to scan the pages of average intelligence can go into our of the Era carefully. It is their official

mountains or upon the hillsides and identiorgan and will contain notices, rulings and fy any plant or shrub that comes under his instructions without which the leader is observation. Dr. Paul has spent more than sure to become involved in embarrassing

twenty years in accumulating the informadifficulties, which are easily avoidable tion which he presents to our readers, and through timely preparation.

heretofore nothing like it has been atVolume 3 1 of the Era comes to a close tempted west of the Mississippi river. A with this issue. Subscribers who desire to

careful study of this series will richly rehave their magazines bound can obtain a pay the effort, because of the joy which printed index from this office, free of comes with acquired knowledge. In adcharge, by making application.

Harvest

The fields are sweet with fragrance

From hills of newmown hay;

The grapevine droops with purple fruit;

From dawn 'til turn of day, The husbandman is busy, Close binding golden sheaves;

Caresses of an autumn sun Have caused the maple leaves To blush an ardent crimson;

And, oh! the singing wind

Has in its voice a note I love

A tone in which I find A balm for hurt, a calm for storm,

Heartsease when toil is done, A promise that for life well spent,

A harvest will be won.

Prom, Utah GRACE INGLES FROST

Improvement Era

Vol. XXXI OCTOBER, 1928 No. 12

Irrigation By Levi Edgar Young, of the First Council of Seventy "O Maker of the material world, thou holy one! Who is it that rejoices

the earth with greatest joy? Ahura Mazda answered: 'It is he who sows most corn,

grass, and fruit: Who waters ground that is dry, or drains ground that is wet.'

"He Who Sows Corn, Sows Righteousness"

The ZendAvesta Behold! Our Mother Earth is lying here,

Behold! She giveth of her fruitfulness.

Truly, her power gives she us.

Give thanks to Mother Earth who lieth here!

Behold on Mother Earth the growing fields!

Behold the promise of her fruitfulness!

Truly, her power gives she us.

Give thanks to Mother Earth who lieth here.

Behold on Mother Earth the spreading trees!

Behold the promise of her fruitfulness!

Truly, her power gives she us.

Give thanksi to Mother Earth who lieth here!

Behold on Mother Earth the running streams!

Behold the promise of her fruitfulness!

Truly, her power gives she us.

Our thanks to Mother Earth—Fromwhoa liethPawneehere!Song of the Earth.

A treasured relic in the Dcseret Museum at Salt Lake City bears this inscription:

THIS PLOUGH WAS USED BY ELDER WILLIAM CARTER

TO PLOUGH THE FIRST HALF ACRE IN SALT LAKE

VALLEY, JULY, 1847. ALSO THE FIRST FURROW IN

ST. GEORGE CITY, FEB., 1862.

plow which turned the first furrows in the valley of theTHEGreat Salt Lake inaugurated a system of agriculture in America that today is practiced in most of the states west of the

Mississippi river. An half acre of land was plowed on that July

morning, and a small ditch was made which led the waters of City it is aCreek on to the soil. A great task was undertaken, and

lesson in physical and moral fortitude to know in what spirit that task was conceived. The "Mormon"pioneers were moving into

988 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the Great Basin, a country practically unknown at that time; at

least no one as yet had formed any conception of the possibilities of the sagebrush soil. It was what the French writer, Febvre, says

was the ground soil of which the State carved its domain. The

people who began the conquest of the elements in those early days of Utah were deeply religious and they had the power of adapting their religion to practical purposes. They were new comers into a

fixed environment, and their economic growth was the result of an immediate adaptation to their new surroundings.

The Indians of the southwest were the first irrigators of the soil in America. As far back as we are able to trace the history of the

Navajos, Piutes, Zunis, and other tribes, we find that they raised corn, pumpkins, beans and squash by watering the seed they had planted. In Arizona, New Mexico, and southern Utah, prehistoric

canals and reservoirs are found which show that the natives brought irrigation to a rather high state of development. In the Salt and

Gila valleys of Arizona, an immense network of ancient canals has been discovered. Coronado, the Spaniard, came to the Seven

Cities of Cibola (Zuni) in 1542, where he found the Indians tilling the soil, and this could only be done by irrigating it, for it was an arid country and water was necessary for the raising of crops.

Canals used by the Indians of ancient days were ten miles in length, and even twentyfive mile canals have been traced. These canals

were seven feet deep and four feet wide, with the sides sloping gradually. Remains of wooden headgates have been found in the excavations. "Several old canals have been utilized for miles by modern

ditch builders, and in one instance, a saving of from $20,000 to $25,000 was effected by the "Mormon"settlement at Mesa, Arizona.

In the Chaco canyon of Northwestern New Mexico, large ditches were made and the retaining walls were constructed of stone. The

Indians say that in some parts of the mountains where reservoirs were constructed, large snowballs were rolled into them during the winter, which provided water in the spring. Throughout the box

canyons of the Southwest, the natives used the "water pools."These

were natural reservoirs which collected the waters of spring and conserved them during the summer months. When the Spaniards established the missions in Arizona, New Mexico, and California, they

carried on irrigation and many of the old missions bear record of the extensive agricultural pursuits of the Spanish people who settled the present confines of the United States as early as the seventeenth century.

In the early history of the Indians of the upper Missouri river, we have some interesting references on irrigation. One time, Sakwi-ahki, or EARTH WOMAN, and Issap-ahki, or CROW

IRRIGATION 989 WOMAN, and Crow Woman's little daughter lived together in one of the old camps of the Mandan Indians. After the buffalo had

been exterminated, and they had settled down at old Fort Conrad, the old women and their daughters planted a garden by the river each season, and laboriously watered the hills of corn, beans, and squash with buckets which they carried up the steep banks. Beside the

garden, they would sit in their tepee, and watch the growing crops.

While they worked and irrigated they did beautifully colored porcupine-quill embroidery work on buffalo leather and buffalo robes.

Such work often required many summers to complete.

The state of Utah is in the very heart of the arid West. It

lies in the Great Basin between the Rocky Mountains and the Sierra

Nevada Mountains and is the country that has less rainfall than any other part of America. There are some parts where at times there

are only four inches a year. The Great Basin was explored by trappers and adventurers from the early part of the eighteenth century to

1847, but no one seemed to appreciate the many natural resources nor did anyone ever write or leave any statement as to the possibilities of the soil. It was looked upon as desert waste. Sagebrush and

greasewood grew everywhere and the portion around the Great Salt

Lake was bleak and sterile and seemed to have an influence on the entire country. There were prairie dogs, rattlesnakes, coyotes,

wolves and, in the early part of the century, there were buffalo.

The "Mormon"pioneers settled in this arid country. They

were accustomed to more humid conditions, where corn, wheat, vegetables and fruits grew without irrigation, and where the land needed only to be cleared, plowed and planted, and kept free from weeds. In their former homes, in Missouri and Illinois, the "Mormons"had become good farmers, and they always understood the

science of agriculture. They could adapt themselves to all conditions of climate and kinds of work, and it was the careful reasoning from conditions that made them know the results that would

accrue from watering the soil of this extremely arid land.

Combination of geographic factors made irrigation possible.

The Wasatch mountains robbed the westerly winds of their moisture, storing it in the form of snow in the higher altitudes. The canyons

afforded water courses, the rivers cutting their way into the alluvial plains of the valleys, and easily transforming them into reservoirs.

These are the main factors in the task of catching the waters. To

conduct the waters, canals were often dug along mountain sides for miles to some valley or vale far below. Agriculture was the first

industry, and it was a work common to all the people and communities. The land was used to the best advantage by the farmers

of that day. The Bible speaks of "marrying the land,"and the

990 IMPROVEMENT ERA

farmer of earlyday Utah looked upon the land as "holy,"using the expression of Prof. L. H. Baily of Cornell University. The farmer

was characterized by initial utility. He cleared the land of the sagebrush and greasewood, he then tilled it, for he sought the first values

of a virgin soil. In time the policies of government were dominated

by the farming element of the new territory.

On July 22, 1847, an advance company of the pioneers under

Orson Pratt entered the valley of the Great Salt Lake and camped on Canyon Creek. On the 23rd, the company descended the hill and

camped on City Creek at a spot where the City and County Building now stands. The leader of this vanguard, Orson Pratt, called

a meeting of all the men and "dedicated the land to God."He asked

for the blessings on the seeds they were about to plant, and invoked divine protection of the people that their work in the valley might be successful. The camp was organized for work. Says Orson

Pratt in his Journal:

"This afternoon, we commenced planting our potatoes; after

which we turned the water upon them and gave the ground quite a soaking."!

It is evident that, from the first, those colonizers had faith in the sagebrush soil. Their plowing and planting on those memorable

days, July 23 and 24, 1847, marked the beginning of a system "that has made the produce of the Western farm a competing force in the world's market."Plowing and planting were continued during the

summer, and in the autumn hundreds of acres of land were cleared and made ready for the coming spring. Sagebrush grew profusely,

and the farmer was compelled to drag it from the soil. Fortunately,

this was not a difficult thing to do, for the roots of the brush yield readily to pick and harrow.

The Journal of Lorenzo D. Young and his wife, Harriet, both

of whom were in the pioneer company, is one of the most interesting diaries we have on the migration of the "Mormons"to Utah. A

great deal is given about the general life in the community during the first season, and in one part of the Journal is a sentence that tells of an important event. Writing on October 19, 1847, Mr. Young

says: "I sowed the first acre of wheat that was sowed in the valley.

Two weeks after, I sowed another acre; two weeks after I sowed

another acre and dragged it in."On January 19, Mr. Young writes:

"This day I finished sowing winter wheat. The weather is warm

and pleasant, and the grass is growing finely."During the summer

of 1847, eighty acres of land were planted with corn, potatoes, beans, buckwheat, turnips and a variety of "garden sauce."By

November between 200 and 300 acres of fall wheat were sown, and just before the snow began to fall, a company of men went to San

IRRIGATION 991

Francisco to procure wheat for the spring sowing. During the

winter, which was mild, over 2000 acres of wheat were sown. As

the colonists spread out, wheat was planted, and it soon became one of the staple products of the soil. The people were taught to

conserve a certain amount of their grain every year in little granaries.

This was done to prepare for shortages through loss of crops, by drought and otherwise. It was a wise thing to do, for in those early

days the wheat put awayfor use in time of famine saved many people from starving.

Farming in the valley was pursued by all the people. Plowing

and planting were continued through the first winter, for the season was a mild one. By the summer of 1848, over 6000 acres of land

were brought under cultivation and, notwithstanding the destruction wrought by the crickets in the spring of that year, the crops were fairly good. Parley P. Pratt, in a letter of September, 1848. to

his brother Orson, then in England, says: "Early in March the

ground opened and we commenced plowing our spring crops. I

plowed and planted about twenty acres of Indian corn, beans, melons, etc. My corn planting was completed on the 15th of May;

most of it has done extremely well. We have now had ears to boil

for nearly a month, and my large Missouri corn is in roasting ear.

I had a good harvest of wheat and rye without irrigation, though not a full crop. Those who irrigated their wheat raised double the

quantity on the same amount of land. Winter and spring wheat

have both done well. Some ten thousand bushels have been raised

in the valley this season. Oats do extremely well, yielding sixty

bushels for one sowing; barley does well. Also all kinds of garden

vegetables; we had lettuce on the 4th of May and radishes by the

middle of May. We have raised a great quantity of beets, peas,

beans, onions, cucumbers, melons, squash and almost all kinds of vegetables, as well as some 200 bushels of Indian corn. * * *

There will probably be raised in the valley this season from two to twenty thousand bushels of grain over and above what will be consumed by the present inhabitants."

The people began planting their gardens and plowing the land beyond the city limits. The head of every family had a tract of

land, which became an industrial and economic unit. There was

little money in circulation and the people bartered whatever they had in surplus. There were other companies on the plains when the

pioneers arrived in July, and by the end of the first year at least four thousand "Mormon"immigrants had settled in the valley.

Within two years colonies had been sent out from Salt Lake to the south and north. Ogden was founded; Lehi, American Fork, and

992 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Provo became thriving centers and within a few months colonizers had gone into Sanpete county, made a treaty of peace with the

Sanpitch Indians and obtained that beautiful valley. It was not long

before the valleys of the Wasatch and the Colorado watersheds were colonized by "Mormon"pioneers. Beautiful towns and cities were

laid out, and wheat fields and farms came to dot the great wastes of these mountain climes. Brigham Young directed the colonizing and

in this one activity alone he showed remarkable genius. Professor

Charles A. Bear says in his Rise of American Civilization:

"The entire outcome of the adventure was due to the economic system directed by Brigham Young. Tested by the widespread

prosperity which it eventually produced, in spite of all the difficulties, that system was in most respects superior in results to the methods adopted in any other American settlement organized on communal principles. In the early days of the experiment, speculators and commercial profiteers were both restrained by an iron

hand. Land was not sold at first to settlers outright; but each

family was allotted a to its till for share—proportioned needs—toprivate profit as long as it was thrifty and industrious. None was

allowed to accumulate a large estate, and the industrious poor were given advantages in competition with their richer neighbors. The

purchase of supplies and the sale of produce were carried on through a common store, while irrigation works to provide water for the arid soil were built by community action and service rights granted to all families on equitable terms. Iron, woolen, printing, and

mining industries were managed also on the cooperative principle, fair wages being paid and the profits going into the common chest for the promotion of fresh undertakings."

The "Mormon"colonies were always well organized religious and civic communities. Wherever they settled they constituted a

body of free persons united for the common benefit, to enjoy peaceably what is their own, and to do justice to others. The celebrated

French economist, DeMarns, says that "A state is a certain number of men and of families who, being united and having a fixed home, associate themselves and submit themselves to a common leader, with the intention of living together for the good and safety of all."John

Fiske in his Outlines of Cosmic Philosophy, gives us a paragraph which applies to the social methods of the "Mormon"pioneers. He

says, "The ability to forego present enjoyment in order to avoid the risk of future disaster is what we call prudence or providence. The

superior prudence of the civilized man is due in great part to his superior power of selfrestraint."Fiske also gives another splendid

thought which is applicable to the earlyday history of Utah. Says

he, "The power of economizing in harvest time or in youth in order

IRRIGATION 993

i to retain something upon which to live comfortably in wealth in our old age is dependent upon the vividness with which distant circumstances can be pictured in the imagination."

The first economic problem of the pioneers arose with the question of the division of the water of the streams on which the colonists located. The work of reclaiming the soil and the digging of ditches

and canals was difficult. There was much severe labor, combined

with hardship and exposure, and yet the redeeming of the land was made pleasurable because of the ideal of religion and home which the people always sacredly held. A wider division of labor came in

due time, and brought about a greater abundance of material goods.

Roads and bridges were built, and eventually the people asked Congress to build a railroad to their new Territory.

Variety of work brings love of freedom, and democratization of society. This raised labor to dignity and selfrespect, and

brought happiness and the spirit of altruism. A sense of novelty

and freedom developed in early Utah, for the economic and social life of the people was founded pretty much on general ownership of land, and every man owned his home. The economic wisdom of

their leader, Brigham Young, is seen in his words to his people,

December 18, 1848. Said he: "The immense labor of irrigating

alone, to say nothing of the scarcity of water that exists in nearly every settlement during midsummer, at the very time that water is most needed, should be an incentive to the farmer to exert himself by more thorough culture and liberal application of every species of fertilization, to raise his sustenance from a smaller quantity of land."

The economic success of the "Mormon"migrations is attested by the fact that every company brought seeds and trees, oxen, mules, horses, poultry, sheep, hogs, etc., safely into the valley. When

Captain Howard Stansbury was returning with his command to the

East after having spent the winter of 184950 in Salt Lake City, he met a caravan of ninetyfive wagons each drawn by from three to five yoke of oxen in fine condition. "The wagons swarmed

with women and children. * * * I estimated the train at one

thousand head of cattle, one hundred head of sheep, and five hundred human souls."A few days later on his journey on the upper Platte,

Stansbury met crowds of emigrant wagons wending their way to the "Mormon"valley, with droves of cattle and sheep. (Expedition to

the Great Salt Lake, pp. 130-1.) Catherine Coman has rightly characterized the "Mormon"migration as "all in all, the most successful

example of regulated immigration in American history."

In the early days of the State, before the introduction of capital, irrigation meant more than a mere investment. It meant the

very material to keep people's bodies and souls together. If the irri-

994 IMPROVEMENT ERA

gation water failed, the settlers might be destitute; if sure, the

settlers were able to build comfortable homes and live in peace and plenty. When a community met with repeated trouble or had

difficulty in finishing a project, people from neighboring towns came and helped, and thus aided in removing a burden which would otherwise have been crushing. Persistence has borne fruit, until now

there are over a million acres of fertile land in the State under irrigation systems, and the acreage is rapidly increasing.

Institutions in Utah show distinctly the influence of irrigation farming. The cities and towns are located on streams, and the farmers live in villages rather than on their farms as in the East and Middle

West. Irrigation has given a rather intensive system of agriculture

and it has also made it possible to produce a greater diversity of vegetables and cereals. These facts, in their turn, have an influence on

the entire economic condition of the commonwealth, making it more stable and giving it a better balance. They also have contributed

to the educational progress of the state. The schools have always

been better than they would have been if the people had lived farther apart. The accomplishments of irrigation in the past include the making possible of establishing a permanent, prosperous

commonwealth in the midst of a desert, thousands of miles from civilization; the development of a sturdy manhood and womanhood

and the grouping of the tillers of the soil into communities, which have excellent social and economic advantages.

Farming in bygone days was, however, a toil beyond imagination. The land had to be cleared of sage and greasewood. Heavy

drags were made of tree trunks and poles, and the brush was burned.

The plows were made of wood and the shares of iron. Often the land

was hard and dry, and water for the season might be late, or the sources of the streams dried up. Rains might not come, and drought

would prevent the preparation of the soil. "Still there was something about the soil that gripped the farmer. He was farmminded,

and never ceased to look forward for the ushering in of a Golden

Age the following spring. It might have been too wet or too dry

or the grasshoppers might have eaten up the crops; or the worms

taken their substance. But next year the farmer prospered and all

was well; for he dealt not with prosaic known things, but with the

sunny future; and he left events in the hands of God. He loved

the great outof-doors. He found joy in the fields; and he was

happy to see the corn dancing in the breeze."

The story of irrigation in the West is a dramatic and tragic one.

Not always would the crops mature, and sometimes if it were not a drought it was a flood, which would overrun the land and carry away the seed and potato fields. Not until reservoirs were made

IRRIGATION 995

and the water conserved in the different parts of the State were the farmers sure of having enough water for their crops. At first irrigation was practiced by the individual family; but where a tract of

land was settled by a group of families all united their efforts and dug large canals and ditches from the mountain streams and rivers.

Not only would they build their canals and ditches together, but groups of men who lived as neighbors would unite in building cabins. One group would go to the canyon and get out the logs,

another would haul them to the farm site, while a third group had prepared the ground for the building. With their united efforts it

was not long before substantial log cabins made up the settlements.

These together with the old adobe and rock house made the early

Utah dwellings places of good homes and substantial farms. The

"Mormon"colonizers had not only a knowledge of agriculture and other useful arts, but well defined ideas of government and the administration of justice. They naturally turned to the establishment

of American civic and political life in their communities. They soon

acquired a new type of colony and a new incentive to labor more assiduously and to adopt rules for making their labor more effectual.

They established markets for surplus agricultural produce, and markets brought about the building of roads and bridges. The

colonists of Utah realized that a country will seldom have potentiality of agriculture unless it has a large town population, or, in other words, a population nonagricultural. Towns make it possible for

markets and wherever there are communities composed of a nonagricultural population the people naturally pursue other lines of activity which make for a dynamic society. To understand the

early history of Utah one must know the larger elements of economic life and the forces that gave rise to civilized communities. Freedom

of spirit, and the diffusion of education are necessary for the discovering of those people who possess unusual gifts. There must,

therefore, be a general diffusion of education in all social groups.

Taussig has pointed out that the effectiveness of industry depends not alone upon material equipment, but also on what we may call immaterial equipment; not only on accumulated surplus, but moral

qualities, abundance of industry, truthfulness, honesty, sobriety, and consideration for others.

Originally every settlement in the Great Basin was of small population. Land and water were free to all. All had plenty; but

naturally sooner or later community action was necessary to procure water. Water then became an "economic good"because effort was

needed to obtain it. Therefore, the first great problem of any "Mormon"community in early days was the problem of securing enough

water for land, for the people were totally dependent upon irriga996 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion and as population increased in any community the problem of water and land increased.

There was an economic foundation in the development of

Utah that is very striking. Economists have told us that the more

things a community has in the nature of wealth, the less prosperity there is. In communities where it is hard to get a living and where

obstacles have to be overcome, the people gain in resources which lead eventually to greater prosperity. So it is with individuals.

He who has abundant means at his command often lacks spirit and in the end is surpassed in happiness as well as in resources by him who had to face hardships from the start. Taussig has pointed

out in his Principles of Economics, that "Wealth is the result of effort."It is the scarcity that lies at the base of economic life, and

scarcity of materials supplied by nature must be adapted to man's use by labor.

In the "Mormon"communities in early days there was another type of work besides reclaiming the land. Out of a study of

seventytwo towns and cities in Utah, we find that everyone of them had a meeting house and school within a very short time, and substantial public buildings were erected by all the people working together. In Salt Lake City there was a civic building

put up as early as 1850, and in the building of the "Mormon"

Tabernacle and Temple the builders and craftsmen enjoyed their work for they had what Ruskin has pointed out, "the joy of beauty and character."In this spirit of mutual helpfulness a

democracy of society sprang up which raised labor to dignity and selfrespect. There was an equalization of conditions, and this

brought about happiness and the spirit of altruism.

Wherever the "Mormons"settled they acquired property and in some instances considerable tracts of land, and the love of property to a certain degree is indispensable to sound morals. Naturally

as the pioneers acquired land they sold their first farms in time at an enhanced price. The possession of this money awakened an

interest again in life and work. The possession of property demanded naturally the hedge of laws. The "Mormon"pioneer was

easily reconciled to government and his impatience to realize certain hopes impelled him to a life of sobriety and perseverance. It was

not hard for the Utah pioneer to join his neighbors in building schools and to do everything to secure teachers. He easily built a

church and had a regard for his own character and the character and felicity of his family. He always attended to the worship of God

on Sundays for he was naturally a religious man.

When the pioneers inaugurated the system of irrigation in

IRRIGATION 997

the middle of the nineteenth century, they inaugurated a creative epoch. America was fast entering the age of great internal improvements. There was a larger change in the industrial history of the

world between the years 1830 and 1850 than in all the rest of the ages of the world together. During that period, the reaper, the

mowing machine, the modern plow, the sewing machine were all invented, and these changed the economic and social life of all

America, and made it possible for the Western pioneer to bring the land almost immediately into subjection. In 1878, Major John

W. Powell wrote a report on the IRRIGATION LANDS OF THE

WEST. Powell in his report shows two advantages of irrigation: 1.

That crops thus cultivated are not subject to the vicissitudes of rainfall. 2. The water for irrigation generally comes down

from the mountains and plateaus freighted or charged with fertilizing materials gathered from the decaying vegetable matter and soil of the higher regions. He saw that only the government could

accomplish the great feat of conserving the waters and reclaiming the millions of acres of arid land of the West. He explained many

of the gigantic engineering problems involved in the storage of waters; the erection of stupendous dams capable of sustaining the

neverceasing pressure of such large volumes of water as would be needed to make irrigation of large areas constant. Powell's report

is one of the most remarkable works ever written on the West, and for the first time in our history the attention of the government was called to the importance of the lands of the irrigated regions. Powell's

survey of the land stimulated a new interest in the West, and a series of national irrigation congresses were held in various cities of the West from year to year, the first of which was held in

Salt Lake City, September 15, 1891. Another was held in Los

Angeles, California, in 1893, and the third in Denver, Colorado, in 1894. These conventions, with subsequent ones, all advocated the

reclamation of the lands of the West, and at the ninth Irrigation

Congress, held in Chicago in 1900, resolutions were adopted in favor of a comprehensive system for the storage of waters and the reclamation of our Western lands.

In December, 1901, President Theodore Roosevelt outlined his ideas for a system of national reclamation and irrigation in his message to Congress. In words that precipitated a wave of great

interest in the question of reclamation, he said: "The pioneer settlers

on the arid public domain chose their homes along streams from which they could themselves divert the water to reclaim their holdings. Such opportunities are practically gone. There remain, however, vast areas of public lands which can be made available for

homestead settlement, but only by reservoirs and mainline canals 998 IMPROVEMENT ERA

impracticable for private enterprise. These irrigation works should

be built by the national government."

As a result of President Roosevelt's statement Senator Newlands of Nevada introduced his bill which became our national irrigation law. It provides that "the entire receipts from the sale of

public lands in Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Kansas,

Montana, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming, Nebraska, Nevada, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oklahoma, and

Oregon, be set aside and appropriated as a special fund in the

Treasury to be used for the construction and maintenance of irrigation works for the storage of and development of waters for the reclamation of the arid lands of the West."The law makes it

possible for a man to take up from forty to 160 acres of land and to pay the government $1.25 an acre. As a result of this bill,

great irrigation projects have been constructed in the far West, and hundreds of young men have gone on to the farm.

Within a few years, twentyfive great projects were under way, and with their completion nearly four million acres of land will be reclaimed. In Utah alone the irrigated land has been doubled by

the building of the reclamation projects, which include the Strawberry valley reservoir and the Utah Lake reservoir. With the

completion of the government reservoirs in the West, an area as large as France and Germany will be brought under cultivation.

The most outstanding piece of work in reclamation is that of the

Roosevelt Dam in the Salt River valley of Arizona. Its height

is 286 feet, it is 800 feet long, and has made the largest artificial lake in the world, being twentyfive miles in length, and two miles wide. In its construction many Indians were employed, and the

total cost was $6,500,000.00. This reservoir is located in a

country where ages ago the native races had their canals and reservoirs. Along the Gila and Salt River valleys are many remains

of irrigation canals and ditches. The old city of Los Muertos was

composed of thirtysix large communal structures. It was supplied

with water by a large canal seven feet deep, four feet wide at the bottom, and thirty feet wide at the top. The walls had been cemented and from it were constructed many smaller canals for the

distribution of water over the fields. Old posts for the gates for

the regulation of the flow have been found at the head of the laterals, and Dr. Hodge has reported that at least 200,000 acres

of land were irrigated by the ancient people in the Salt River valley alone.

Among the most important government projects that have been completed are the following:

IRRIGATION 999

Salt River, Arizona TruckeeCarson, Nevada Belle Fourche,

Yuma, Calif.—Arizona Lower Yellowstone South Dakota

Uncompahgre, Colorado Montana—North Dakota Strawberry Valley,

Minidoka, Idaho Utah Milk River. Montana Klamath, Oregon Tieton

North Platte, Nebraska California Sunnyside, Wash.

Wyoming Umatilla, Oregon Shoshone, Wyo.

The project at American Falls in Idaho has just been completed, and it takes its place as one of the most important pieces of work in the history of reclamation.

Today on the old Oregon trail, where, a generation ago, thousands of pilgrims treked their way to Oregon and California, there are large farms of alfalfa, sugar beets, oats, potatoes, and corn.

Bungalows, barns, and feeding corrals dot the country side; and

beautiful towns and villages have replaced the Indian tepees. The

pilgrim is no longer going "where rolls the Oregon."He is settling

on the land to redeem it; not to fight the Indians as of yore, but to

fight the gophers and grasshoppers. The old trail east of the

Rockies runs through an irrigated country that produces as fine crops as any country in the world. The trail has become the Lincoln highway, on each side of which is a vast empire of fields and

gardens.

The work of the Reclamation Service is founded deep in democracy and the needs of the common people, for it gives the lowliest, poorest, and humblest the opportunities to have homes and the comforts of life for themselves and their children. The

reclamation work, as fostered by the government, is the first example in the history of the world where irrigation works of gigantic magnitude have been built for the benefit and profit of the people. The

people are to own and maintain them. Land is not to be the property of the few, but of all the people. Herein is American democracy

expressing itself as never before in history.

Well may. we sing the Irrigation Ode composed by Mrs. Gilbert McClurg:

Oh! desert land!

The land of the smiting sunglare, deepblue of the starpierced night,

Of rcckpiled heights and chasms, awefraught to the dizzying sight,

Where the shadow ever chases the light of the blinding day

With purple and pink and crimson, opalescent and far away!

The candlesticks of the cactus flametorches here uphold;

Sunflower disks and feath'ry mustard spread fields of the cloth of gold.

The polished cups of amole are girded with spears of thorn

When the desert wind arises,-—and they fade as they are born!

The rainbowcolored spaces, wan and withered in a breath;

Bones of man and beast lie together, under miragemock of death!

1000 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Chorus:

Life of sky and sand awaking to prey when all is done;

Land of the desolate people, born of sirocco and sun!

Oh! desert land!

Oh! glorious land!

The land of homes for the homeless; of shepherded flocks and herds;

The land where the greenwalled thickets are choral with songs of birds;

Where, over the ancient furrows, silver streamlets are redrawn;

Where slopes, once arid, lie teeming with wealth of the vine and corn;

The land of sunny spaces, the land of the leafy glades;

Of the faith that sees in the desert the promise of verdant blades,

Where fruits, purple, crimson and golden, roll from Plenty's horn,

Where souls of noble fealty, of diviner mood are born;

Where, on glimmering heights of future, gleam fair regenerate years.

Read in crystal chrism of water, the transparent globe of seers!

Chorus: In the garden grows the Tree of Life where Eden's rivers run,

Land of the worlddowered people, nurtured by water and sun!

Oh! glorious land!

Listen

Listen! The woods now are calling!

The mountains are casting their spell

A call has come out from the highlands.

Where the creatures of nature dwell.

Oh hark! The light winds are telling

Of wonderful things they have seen.

They're asking you to explore them

The hills and the valleys so green!

Listen! The murmuring brooklet

Glides on, to a much larger stream;

The twittering song of the warblers,

In beauty surpasses your dream.

And listen! neighbor, the outdoors

Is better, as autumn draws nigh;

The heat of summer is over, And the soft, cooling breezes sigh!

Come then, be joyful and merry,

Enjoy life while your autumn lasts;

For seasons come, and seasons go,

But the die of life isn't cast!

Weston N. Nordgren

Speed and the Spirit By Joseph J. Cannon

[This story was read to Dr. Haymond in order to assure accuracy of details. He objected

to the suggestion of the heroic, but we agree with the author that as long as he refrained from the slightest exaggeration, adhering strictly to the facts, the story should stand as it is.—d/fors.]

LIKE Springville. The town has character. The people there

seem a little more subject to enthusiasms than most. YearsI ago when state prohibition was a faint hope, national a dream.

Springville refused to license saloons. Revenues were scarce and bars

elsewhere invited her sons, but Springville had ideals.

I am wondering which influence more greatly stirred the genius of Cyrus Dallin in his youth, the beauty of the close mountains, that startling range from Timpanogos to Nebo, or the appreciative friendship of his neighbors in Springville. I know he loves those neighbors

now with a great love. I am sure the sensitive soul of John Hafen

felt deeply there the harmony of his human surroundings. His gentle,

artistic mood was affected by them as much as by the evening light across the lake or the autumn hues on the mountainside. Art galleries like the noted one at the Springville high school are not accidents.

They grow out of the soul of a people.

About a score of years ago I was guest at a home there. The

large lot was half city, half country, lawn in front, garden and stables behind, typical "Mormon"settlement home, part of a farm but away from it, built before the time of autombiles and good roads, when Indians and isolation induced the farmers to live in town and raise their field crops at a distance. Milk cows came from the

pasture at night and lay down at peace in a corral. In the stable

were a number of horses, among them a Shire stallion.

Out on the lawn under the high apple trees I visited much with two children whom I loved, a blackhaired boy and a goldenhaired girl, twins, Creed like his mother, Elma like her father. They seemed

so typical of the little town, those two, of its best traditions, highminded, enthusiastic, charming. They interested me greatly, those

sprightly youngsters, well born, both as to parents and to community. I drew from them many things. They had ideals; they said

their prayers; they had never tasted tea or coffee. That suggested

something. In that shady garden we three entered into a contract.

We would never use tobacco, tea or coffee, or liquor, until we all sat down and had these things together. I did not consider it a very

serious the twins. contract—for

Years passed. Creed interested himself in athletics and played

basketball in high school. Then he entered the University of Utah

and made the track team. Soon he became known as the Utah flash.

1002 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"The 'Mormon'speed demon,"his competitors on other teams called him. Sportsmen said he ran like a million that dollars—whatever

may mean. The professional work he wished to do could not be

prepared for here, so he went East, to the University of Pennsylvania.

Several years ago I saw on the wall of his office the photograph of the finish of a race. It interested me. He mentioned that there

was a story connected with it. Part he told me then. At different

times since I have drawn most of it from him, little by little, and learned some details from others.

It was the end of May, 1919, at the Harvard stadium, the an-

I. C. 4 A's. To Cambridge the great American colnualAmerica—themeet of the InterCollegiate Association of Amateur Athletes of

leges had sent their best men, seventeen hundred in all, to compete.

Creed Haymond was captain of the Pennsylvania team. The night

before the meet Coach Lawson Robertson came to the room. He was

in good spirits. In the tryouts Penn had qualified seventeen men.

Cornell, her most feared rival that year, had only ten. As the scoring

for the five first places in each event was five, four, three, two, one, naturally the number of men a team had in the finals greatly influenced its chances.

"Creed,"Robertson said, "if we do our best tomorrow we will run away with it."

"We're going to do our best, Robby."

The coach hesitated. "Creed, I'm having the boys take a little

sherry wine tonight. I want you to have some, just a little of

course.""I won't do it, Coach."

"But, Creed, I'm not trying to get you to drink. I know what

you 'Mormons'believe. I'm giving you this as a tonic, just to put

you all on your metal."

"It wouldn't do me any good, Robby; I can't take it."

"Remember, Creed, you're captain of the team and our best point winner, fourteen thousand students are looking to you personally to win this meet. If you fail us we'll lose. I ought to know

what is good for you."

Creed Haymond believed he had the best coach in the world, and with reason, for Lawson Robertson has since been chosen head coach for the Olympic teams of 1920, 1924, and 1928. Creed knew

too, that other coaches felt a little wine to be useful when men have trained muscle and nerve almost to the snapping point. He also

knew that his team needed his best efforts. He intensely wished to

give them, but there is something of steely moral courage in Creed

Haymond and he looked Robertson in the eye and said, "I won't take it, Coach."

SPEED AND THE SPIRIT 1003

Robertson smiled a little, not a gay smile it is true. On his grim

Scotch face there was a curious expression. "You're a funny fellow,

Creed. You won't take tea at the training table. You have ideas of

your own. Well, I'm going to let you do as you please."

He went away and left the captain of his team in a state of extreme anxiety. Supposing, Creed thought, he made a poor showing

tomorrow; what could he say to Robertson? He was to go against

the fastest men in the world. Nothing less than his best would do.

This stubbornness of his might lose the meet for Penn. His teammates were doing as they were told. They believed in their coach.

Creed Haymond (second from right) at the Harvard Stadium. Johnson of Michigan at his

left. Two of the six runners have been cut off the picture, so that its size need not be too

greatly reduced.

What right had he to disobey? Only one right, one reason, this

ofthing he had been following and believing all his life—this Word

Wisdom. But what is it anyway, something Joseph Smith thought

up or really a revealed message to us from God? It was a critica!

hour of the young man's life and, with all the spiritual forces of his nature suffusing him, he kneeled down and earnestly, very earnestly, 1004 IMPROVEMENT ERA

asked the Lord to give him a testimony as to the source of the revelation he had believed and obeyed. Then he went to bed and slept the

sound slumber of healthy youth.

Next morning Coach Robertson came into the room and asked anxiously, "How are you feeling, Creed?"

"Fine,"the captain answered cheerfully.

"The other fellows are vomiting. I don't know what's the

matter with them,"he said seriously.

"Maybe it's the tonic you gave them. Coach,"Creed volunteered.

"Maybe so,"Robertson answered shortly.

I heard Jack Dempsey tell once of the strange feelings he had during the hours preceding a fight. While amateur events evoke less

cruel determination to win than where one's job in life is involved, every athlete who is about to meet the supreme test before a great crowd has the tenseness, fright, exhilaration, the feeling of glory that makes the occasion memorable. On that almost perfect day in

late May the Penn team entered the great Harvard stadium entitled to full measure of confidence. The dope sheets of the coaches and

others, where every man was listed and graded from past performance, gave Penn a margin over the best of the other teams. Gathered

there was the flower of American athletics. Every man was known.

Of the seventeen entrants Pennsylvania had qualified the day before, she counted on seven to win the meet and on others to pile up points.

Two o'clock found twenty thousand spectators in their seatsthe same sportloving crowd that has watched bull fights in Spain, jousts in France and England, gladiators in Rome and the fair athletes of that crowd, to see conflict, joyous, excited, Greece—waiting,

partizan, every contest on track or field giving rise to an emotional battle among the spectators, but multiplied many thousand times as the tense occupants of the bleachers in divided sympathy made their feeling vocal; generous, though, that crowd, ready to cheer the

best man, victor though he might be over the friends of most of them.

As the events got under way, it became plain that something was wrong with the wonderful Penn team. In that beautiful race,

the quarter mile, the grinding test of speed and endurance, Pennsylvania's man was figured to take second place and win four precious points. The startled Penn supporters watched the field run away

from him; he came in last. In the halfmile event the intercollegiate

champion of the year before was Penn's entrant. Coach Robertson's

dope sheet gave him first in that event with five points. He finished

fifth with one point. Two men were entered in the pole vault.

They were considered the classiest men in America in that picturesque event. They were expected to take first and second places and win

SPEED AND THE SPIRIT 1005

nine points. At a height below their own records they tied for third

place and won between them five points. The man entered fot

high jump, confidently counted on as a point winner, did not place.

The one who should have taken third in the low hurdles was too sick to run.

The hundredyard dash, the classic of track events was announced. The six fastest men in the colleges of America took their

places. This and the two hundred twenty yards to be run later were

Creed Haymond's races. Penn desperately needed him to win them.

Would the jinx that had been pursuing his team get the captain?

In the toss up Haymond had drawn the second lane. At his side in

the first lane was Johnson of Michigan, six feet two inches tall.

"Ready!"The six sprinters crouched. Each put his fingers on

the ground at the line and his right foot into the hole he had kicked for the start.

"Set!"Every nerve and muscle strained.

every man sprang forward into the The pistol shot—and

is, all except Hayair and touched earth at a run—that one—Creed

mond, captain of the Pennsylvania team. The tall Johnson had

used that second lane in the semifinals and with greater spread had kicked a hole for his toe an inch or two behind the spot Haymond had just chosen for his. Under the tremendous thrust Creed gave,

the narrow wedge of earth broke through, and he came down on his knee behind the line.

Probably most sprinters would have let the others go. No

coach or crowd would expect a man to get up and make a pitiful spectacle of himself running behind. Creed Haymond, I said, has

moral courage. His physical courage matches it. He got up and

ran behind, but, man, how he did run! His brain on fire—the

but not sixtyschool—the team—Robby—desperate, hopeless—at

yards, the last in the seeming to the fifth race—then fly—passing the tall Johnsonman—the fourth—the third—the second—only

close to the tape—lips away from teeth—face drawnahead—and

in bursting with the in that climax agony—heart strain—sweeping

of whirlwind swiftness past Johnson to victory. The timers caught

the flash as he crossed the tape and called it ten seconds flat;—but

no man could know the actual speed of that running.

Through some mistake in arrangement, the semifinals of the 220 yards were not completed until almost time to close the meet. With the same bad break that had followed the Penn team

all day, Creed Haymond was placed in the last heat. Five minutes

after winning it he was called to start in the final of the twotwenty, the last event of the day. One of the other men who had run in an

earlier heat rushed up to him.

1006 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Tell the starter, Haymond, you demand a rest before running again. You're entitled to it under the rules. I've hardly caught my

breath yet and I ran in the heat before yours."

Creed went panting to the starter and begged for more time.

The official said he would give ten minutes. Just then the telephone

rang and the starter was ordered to begin the race, as the crowd was clamoring. Regretfully he called the men to their marks. Under

ordinary conditions Creed would have had no fear for this race. He

was probably the fastest man in the world at this distance, but he had already run three races during the afternoon, one the heartbreaking hundred yards, and only five minutes before the 220 semifinals.

At a high point in the grand stand Coach Lawson Robertson, of

Pennsylvania, and Coach Tom Keene, of Syracuse, sat with their stop watches in hand. It had been announced that Haymond would

try to break the world's record. The two coaches had chosen this

place as the best possible one from which to get the correct time of the race. From it they could see perfectly the smoke from the revolver and were above the runners at the tape. During their professional careers they had timed from different positions thousands

of sprinters. They knew their game.

With surprise they saw the starter order the breathless men to their marks, and standing behind them raise his pistol; then the

white puff of smoke. That explosion gave sudden movement to

those still, crouched forms. They rose from the ground like a flock

of frightened birds. This time the Penn captain literally shot from

his marks. Robertson's heart bounded with his man. What a sweet

sight as almost arm to arm the runners started down the straight away. Haymond was emerging from the crowd and definitely taking the lead. Would he have the stamina to hold the pace after

extended like a sprinting away from hurdler's—he wasstride—legsthe strain of the other run? The two coaches noted his magnificent

the field. They sensed the superlative swiftness and held their

breath. Running his race alone, unpressed by competition, the little

Penn captain drove himself to the tape in a burst of speed, eight yards ahead of his nearest man. As he crossed it, both coaches, directly above him, snapped their stopwatches; then looked at them;

then looked at each other almost with awe. Both watches registered

twentyone flat.

Something of the glory of that achievement tempered Coach

Robertson's disappointment. Penn had lost the meet. Davis, her

other sprinter, had run sixth instead of second, as his records entitled him to do, both in the hundred and the twotwenty, following in almost fatalistic sequence the failures of his teammates that day. To

everybody's amazement, Pennsylvania, out of seventeen entrants.

SPEED AND THE SPIRIT 1007

had only one intercollegiate champion, Captain Creed Haymond.

The two coaches hurried down to consult the timers. To their

astonishment and disgust, they found that the officials had caught differing time on the wonderful race. Robertson laid his hand on

the shoulder of the captain of his team. There was a touch of sadness in his voice. "Boy,"he said, "they're not going to give you

your true time. We can't help that, but it may comfort you to know

that you just ran the two hundred and twenty yards in the fastest time it has ever been run by any human being."

At the end of that strange day, as Creed Haymond was going to bed, there suddenly came to memory his question of the night before regarding the divinity of the Word of Wisdom. The procession of that peculiar series of events then passed before his mind,

abstinence andhis teammates taking the wine and failing—his own

victories, victories that were amazing to himself. Had Daniel and

his three continent companions as startling reason for testimony?

He had asked the favor of some witnesses from the Lord. What

relation did all those things have to his prayer? In the sports of

track and field, does God teach his purposes?

For hours, sleepless, he lay in contemplation. And to the clean

heart of this young man of sweet, simple faith came the assurance he had sought.

"This Word of Wisdom which has been supposed to have become stale, and not in force, is like all the counsels of God, in force as much today as it ever was. There

life which now is and the life which is to come.is life, everlasting life, in it—the

"The travels and labors of the elders about to go on missions will throw them into positions which will cause them to seek unto the Lord. They need to live their

religion, to go forth with pure hearts and clean hands, and then preach the Gospel by the power of God sent down from heaven. They should touch not and taste not of

sin, and when they return they should come pure and clean, ready to meet the Saints with open countenances."- Brigham Young.

The Test

It's easy to praise and keep the faith

In the midst of clear evidence;

It's natural to turn to God in need,

And be blessed by his providence.

But with his powers unmanifest,

Do you have the strength to stand the test?

Each newborn day with hope is prized;

But night leaves hope unrealized.

Can you keep your confident glow the same,

When your own weak heart must kindle the flame?

Endure with patience? Trust and pray?

That is the test we face today.

Fielding. Utah EUNICE PETERSEN

The Realms of Science and Religion

By Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, Commissioner of Education

L. D. S. Church

(Conclusion) SAID that modern science has had a profound influence on the religious time. Science has ideas of our demonstrated that weI fact, In all experimentation of live in a world law and order.

under the same conditionswith nature is based upon this view—that

nature always acts in the same way. This is called the orderliness

of nature. So science shows God is not a whimsical being, nor is

he a statical being. Change is found everywhere in nature. Dr.

Millikin surmises that we are on the verge of discovering how suns are created and obliterated. Another thing the science of this generation has done is to reveal to us a world and a universe more

extensive, more mysterious, and more wonderful than man ever imagined before. The new physics has revealed a new wonder world.

But what has all this to do with a sermon? Many of you are

doubtless asking this question. As one reply, may I answer that,

judged by modern practice, it would be very difficult to define a sermon other than as some kind of discourse given on Sunday. And

this is Sunday.

But seriously, I have a purpose in talking about these problems in science. Some students sometimes assume an unfriendly attitude

toward religion and religious doctrines and assume that in the field of science there is definiteness and certainty, in contrast to the vague uncertainty and mere belief wh'ch they say are characteristic of the religious realm. Furthermore, these students are sometimes able to

show wherein teachers of religion have changed their views and no longer stand for things once taught. Also they say religious teachers

indulge in dogmatic assertions about things that are not true. Well,

what about the scientists? In these matters can "pot call kettle

black?"On these grounds does our irreligious student have any

more cause to rail against teachers of religions than of science?

But this line of talk is not constructive. I said once before,

both scientists and religionists are probably more openminded and more tolerant than they used to be. I think we will all admit there

is need they should be.

After all, man is finding out that he doesn't know very much.

The more he delves into nature the more wonderful and mysterious be finds the situation. So the truly tolerant man and the man who is

true to the real spirit of science must also be a very humble man.

THE REALMS OF SCIENCE AND RELIGION 1009

He does not have to delve very far before coming against the unknown and apparently unknowable. Suppose we find matter is

made up of electricity. That docs not solve the riddle of electricity.

The earth behaves as if it were a great magnet. But why this magnetism is as much a mystery today as ever. We know how to generate

electric currents. But no man can explain why they are generated.

So we find mystery and the unknown in every direction and on every hand. But so far as we go. so far as we know, there is a wonderful beauty and order in it all. Whether we look with unaided

eyes, or with a microscope, or a telescope, we see the same matchless harmony everywhere. The "music of the spheres"is not mere poetic

license, it is a fact of nature.

But our young scientist wants to deal with certainties: matters

of faith have no interest for him. Friends, I have briefly outlined

a theory of atomic structure. I remarked that no one had ever seen

an atom. The human mind finds it impossible to conceive of the

minuteness of an atom, much less the minuteness of an electron, a constituent of an atom. Yet we speak of atoms and electrons as if

we see them every day and know all about them. Is there any faith

involved in all this? The wave theory of light says the sensation

of yellow light is due to transverse waves in the ether, analogous in form to the waves that would travel along a clothes line if one end were fastened and the other moved rapidly up and down, except that the train of light waves would be infinitely more rapid moving up and down more than five hundred trillion times a second. Does

it require any imagination to see these waves? But there is more yet.

This train of waves is said to be transverse, that is, the wave travels longitudinally, while the wavemovement is up and down. Now

a wave of this character, having the speed of light requires an ex tremely solid medium for its propagation. The luminiferous ether,

filling all space, is said to be this solid medium. But the earth, the

stars and all the heavenly bodies move through this medium without being slowed up in speed, without opposition. This requires that

the medium shall be a perfect fluid. Now do you have any difficulty

in picturing a medium that is at one and the same instant a perfect solid and a perfect fluid? Does science make any demands upon

your credulity?

A story runs that Sir Isaac Newton observed a falling apple and was thereby led to the discovery of the laws of gravitation. And

gravitation explains the motion of the moon, earth, planets and other heavenly bodies in their course. But what explains gravitation?

We know how the earth moves in its orbit around the sun, but do we know why it moves? The force existing between the sun and

the earth that accounts for the orbital motion of the earth is enor1010 IMPROVEMENT ERA

mous, there is a tremendous pull between them. Is the earth tied

to the sun? Can a pull be executed through a fluid medium, such

as the ether must be, in order that the earth shall move through it without resistance? My friends, the reason why an apple falls is a

profound enigma. Perhaps there is nothing more mysterious in all

the world. Explain? What can science explain? We answer little,

but very little of the ultimate nature of things. But the more science

has to teach, the more wonderful, the more inexplicable we find nature to be. Does religion tax your faith and imagination? Science

taxes mine every whit as much as does religion. And, as I see, the

greatest tax of all on the imagination, the greatest possible demand on credulity, is the assumption that there is no God, to me a perfectly impossible assumption. Even had I no faith in Deity in my boyhood, as I think of it, I must believe that the little study of science

that I have since made would have driven me irresistibly to a belief in God.

But let us turn now to another phase of our theme. We speak

of certainties in science. Are there no corresponding certitudes in

religion? Is religion a field of belief only? The discussion of this

phase of the theme is so well done by Professor Dinsmore of Yale

University in his little book entitled Religious Certitudes in an

Age of Science that I offer no apology for quoting and paraphrasing very freely from the last chapter in this book. Discussing "what

we know and what we believe,"Professor Dinsmore says: "In the

day of her bigotry the church asserted infallible knowledge in many departments of interest, discrediting science as a black art, the craft of the Devil."

But human nature is the same in the laboratory as in the pulpit, and many scientists today are as bigoted as was ever a medieval monk.

With many of them what they do not know is not knowledge. So

moral ideals, its poetry, its be exprevalentactivities—itsis the tendency of affirm that life in all its multitudinous soulhunger—can

plained by a materialistic philosophy that Sir Oliver Lodge a few years ago, in a presidential address delivered before the British Association, thought fit to say to his fellowscientists:

"It is my function to remind you and myself that our studies do not exhaust the universe, and if we dogmatize in the opposite direction and say that we can reduce everything to physics and chemistry, we gibbet ourselves as ludicrously narrow pedants, and are falling short of the richness of our human birthright. Scientists,

not a few, have still to learn that the faculties and the methods they employ are not the only road to genuine knowledge. * * *

'Humbug is humbug,'wrote William James, 'even though it bear a scientific name.'Yet many men, both in science and out of it, who

THE REALMS OF SCIENCE AND RELIGION 1011

are neither narrowminded nor materialistic, are inclined to confine the word 'knowledge'to the sphere of the sciences. * * *

"We claim that the difference between the results of scientific experimentation and religious experience is but the difference between two different kinds of knowledge, each resting on faith, each established on experimentation after its own kind. Science uses

the perceptive and the distinctively intellectual faculties in her operations; religion assumes that the heart has reasons as well as the intellect, that conscience is a doorway into reality, that the imagination and the will are also pathways to truth. Religion employs a

larger portion of human nature in the discovery of truth than does science, and she believes that she touches a wider environment. * * *

"Knowledge is to have assurance upon proper evidence that one's mental apprehensions agree with reality. Subjectively there is

certainty, objectively there is reality; the connecting link is proper

evidence that the thought tallies with the thing.

"The conviction we are seeking to establish is that religious experience creates a joyous certitude in the breasts of the faithful, the certitude of the individual is repeated in a countless multitude and issues in characters which have all the credentials of truth.

"These multiplied experiences, these substantial and radiant characters, constitute proper evidence that the inner conviction is not entirely alien to the outer reality. Therefore the saints as well as

the scientists are able to say: 'We know.'

"Let us ask to what degree science has knowledge. She begins

with an act of faith, faith in the general trustworthiness of the sense perceptions, faith in those mental powers which go beyond sense observation into the region where things are intellectually discerned, faith in an external world that is dependable and capable of interpretation. By precise observation, experiment, and careful deduction she builds up a body of fact and truth which she calls knowledge, and rightly so. But it is knowledge of a limited kind,

knowledge of phenomena and of modes of behavior, not of meanings, not of ultimate realities. She uses only those aspects of reality

which she needs in her work. The laws of nature, as science describes them, represent, but are not identical with, the laws of nature

as they really are. She takes only those serviceable features of

phenomena which she can employ for her purposes. But her results

are substantial enough, and constitute a body of facts and laws sufficiently valid to sustain our houses, our factories, our civilization.

"But the scientist does not cover the whole of life with his method, or with his knowledge. The poet, the musician, the prophet

have other fields of interest; they live in a world as real as his,

a world with its actualities perceived by faculties which he does not 1012 IMPROVEMENT ERA

use, but which they are confident yield valid knowledge. They

deal not so much with facts as with values and forces, which are spiritually discerned, which are established in confidence, not by experiment, but by experience. We are all aware of this world

which is above sense phenomena. We are as certain of the value of

poetry as we are of Ford cars. The sighs of love have shaken men

as perceptibly as the winds of heaven. * * * A transforming

power issues from the holiness of Jesus which is as indisputable as a volt of electricity. We are as sure of this realm of spiritual values

and forces as of the earth beneath our feet. The power of character

is as much a part of the nature of things as dynamite and can be equally verified. Buddha, Confucius, Christ founded world civilizations, and the spiritual and moral energies they released are as

truly a part of the world order as the Mississippi or the Amazon.

"Spontaneously and habitually we use the word knowledge in connection with these aesthetic and ethical experiences. * * *

"Most men cannot be persuaded that man can know so much about material things and so little regarding the things which concern him most. They cannot believe that this infinitely rich universe has such abundant satisfaction for their physical needs, and

nothing for their deepest spiritual necessities. Therefore, with the

yearning of a pilgrim for his distant home, they turn to the mystery from which they emerged, and whose awful shadow encloses their lives, to find a refuge in the day of trouble, explanation of the meaning of life, and reenforcement to meet the difficulties of the journey.

"Men need God, they trust him, they seek to learn his will and obey him. The steps one takes in solving his religious problems are

much the same as those he takes in solving his scientific problems.

In science we trust our sense perceptions and the conclusions of our intellect. In religion we trust our spiritual intuitions and the validity

of the claims of our moral and emotional natures. Religious faith is

our reason for acting bravely in the presence of life's gravest problems.

It is a valor of soul which makes us commit the highest in ourselves to what we believe is the Highest in the universe.

"Now this faith upon which our religion is founded is as bold, as rational, and as comprehensive as any scientific generalization.

Will it stand the test of experience? Can this faith prove its truth

by its effects upon life?

"If one man tries it out and finds that it will work, he will have an inner certitude of its truth. He will say, 'I believe.'If he

finds that his experience has been repeated in ten thousand lives which have followed the same procedure then he will exclaim, 'We know!'Know, not all about God, but know God to the extent

that He comes into human experience, know Him as a reality be*

THE REALMS OF SCIENCE AND RELIGION 1013

cause He produces real effects. For surely virtues of highest worth

are not nurtured on what is entirely illusion.

"But religious faith sweeps farther and higher than such experiences. It postulates a divine benignity which cares for the individual, and works with boundless grace even through the wrath and

error of the world. Men in vast numbers have actually ventured

everything on the hypothesis that in living a life of love they were reproducing in a measure the divine nature, and they have not been put to confusion. If their faith were vain, then when they took the

leap they would have fallen into vacuity, but their concurrent testimony has been that they found a Rock beneath their feet. If this

faith in a Divine Providence were a delusion, then the men who came under its baleful influence would have deformed and brittle characters. On the contrary theirs are the most firmfibered and lustrous

characters the world has produced. Those who have sent the roots

of their being down most deeply into the faith of a divine love have been the most revered men in history.

"Religious faith would have vanished from the world long ago, if it had put one out of joint with the nature of things. If no help

had ever come from the unseen, the impulse to pray would long ago have died out. The saints may be confused and confusing in their

speech about religion, but with unanimity they report the same experience. Christians sing in twentieth century America psalms

which were written in Asia three thousand years ago. Catholics and

Protestants use the same prayers and the same hymns. Their creeds

differ, but they touch the same reality, and experience the same peace and spiritual liberty.

"What I wish to claim is this: Science does not have knowledge, and religion simply faith. The lover, the artist, the musician,

know; so does the saint. Religion has always used the word 'knowledge'freely and always will, because no lesser term expresses her

experiences. Both science and religion begin with an act of faith.

Both reach results. Those of science are sufficiently verified for a

man to base his actions and his civilization upon them. Those of

religion are so tested that one can build his whole life upon them with ever increasing satisfaction both to his mind and to his soul.

"But scientific knowledge is independent of the personal equation. A murderer can perform a chemical experiment as well as a

saint. Religion on the other hand, is more personal. Its knowledge

is conditional on character. Only the pure in heart can see God; only

the unselfish and obedient can realize His love. * * *

"But religious knowledge is superior to scientific. Science deals

with the world out there beyond us. It knows only symbols of

reality which ar? interpreted to the consciousness through the senses.

1014 IMPROVEMENT ERA

But when we deal with what takes place in our own inner nature, we send the shaft down deeper into reality. There, if anywhere, we

surprise reality unveiled. 'By being religious,'says Professor James,

'we establish ourselves in the possession of ultimate reality at the only point at which reality has been given us to guard.'

"Knowledge is religion's normal word. Without it her Scriptures are tame, her teachings ineffectual, and her promises pallid. 'If

any man willeth to do his will, he shall know of the teachers;''Ye

shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free.''This is

life eternal to know thee, the only living and true God and Jesus

Christ whom thou hast sent.''Every one therefore which heareth

these words of mine, and doeth them, shall be likened unto a wise man which built his house upon the rock.'Religion is indeed conceived in faith, but, 'The steps of faith fall on a seeming void, and

find the rock beneath.'

And now in conclusion may I be pardoned a word of personal testimony? I am persuaded to give it only because it fits so aptly

with what I have just read. Away back in early adulthood, as a boy

of nineteen, I had a blessed experience that I never can forget as long as memory and reason shall last. Between ten and eleven o'clock

one August night I was engaged in most earnest and devout prayer, when suddenly in reply there came to me a wonderful spiritual manifestation. From that moment until this, I too have always been

able to say truthfully, "I know."

Warning Against Losing Old Faiths "The immensity of possible discovery contrasts with our feebleness in putting it into words. For that reason never throw away hastily any old faith or traditions

because of some dogma of science: do not run foul of conventions merely because

you do not see the good of them.

"The problems do not get easier as the world grows older. The extraordinary

multiplicity of plants and animals is astounding. What an imagination the Creator

must have had! Our growth of knowledge of the planetary system shows that everything is governed by one system of law.

"Real existence is a much wider thing than terrestrial existence. We are mistaken

in believing that life can exist only for material bodies. It can exist, perhaps better,

with immaterial things.

"There are many persons who formerly lived on this planet and who still hover close to us. They retain many of the attributes that they once had here. The dead are not

dead, but alive. They have bodies, but not of matter, what I may call spiritual bodies.

They are clothed, but not with material clothing.

"Mankind came on to the earth very recently, so its corporate blunders are the mistakes of infancy. Our squabbles are like those of children in a nursery but they

are deadly and I hope we will have no more of them. They tend to destroy civilization."Sir Oliver Lodge.

October in Southern Utah By Kenneth S. Bennion

NE would think, to watch cars along the highway, that just about everybody spends the summer touring. Of course, some of

us have to stay home and work to support the vacationists, burglarize their houses, haul away the watermelon rinds on Monday morning, keep the home fires burning under the copper kettles, and the wheels of industry moving generally. But we all admit

that sitting under a steering wheel and watching the road unwind is just about the ideal awhile, at life—for

least. None of us would think of

turning down an opportunity to "take a trip,"any time, anywhere, for any reason whatsoever. If the road is fair,

the weather dry enough so that one

Watching the road unwind. can change tires without getting wet,

and if the car "percolates"all right, the trip is the best ever, and the scenery just grand.

But of all the trips a person may take, one of the most inviting is that leading down the Arrowhead Trail from Salt Lake City to

Utah's Dixie, in the sunny, hazy days of October. There is something unusually charming in this midautumn season. The valleys

are brimming with rich harvests of the year, the trees are still in full foliage, and the mountains are gloriously decorated in the gayest of colors. At this transition point between summer and winter, the

weather is most delightful, and the outof-doors most appealing.

Recently a neighbor of mine decided to celebrate his ninth wedding anniversary (he called it his paper plate wedding) by taking a belated honeymoon. I was invited to go along as official

tire changer, and, after looking over the big, comfortable sedan with its five good balloons, I accepted. His wife sat in the back seat where

she could take full and complete charge of the youngsters,—two

small bits of advice as to how the driving should not boys,—offer

have been done, and where she could prepare and pass forward sand1016 IMPROVEMENT ERA

wiches, cake, chocolates, etc., from time to time as the occasion, or

one of us, demanded. A most happy arrangement, indeed!

As the town slid away behind us and we neared the south end of the valley, the mountains on our left drew toward us, their rugged slopes clothed in brilliant autumn colors, and their summits lipped with snow. The bare, jagged walls of Lone Peak were

softened somewhat by the Indian summer haze. In Utah valley we

passed by the base of Timpanogos. The whole mountain was white

to the foothills, its summit shining in the sunlight above a thin cloud mantle.

Along the highway here, we met bands of sheep, coming down from the higher summer ranges, headed for the desert. The old

ewes in lead remembered the salt sages of the winter range, and were leading the herds at a half trot.

In Provo, a boy on a bicycle suddenly swung across directly in front of the car. Thanks to fourwheel brakes he passed on, unhurt.

He flung us a scared smile over his shoulder and hurried away.

The fine, paved highway winds through miles of productive farms and gardens; then it climbs a low divide and drops down into

Juab valley, to the little town of Mona, at the foot of Mt. Nebo.

This mountain is one of the highest in the Wasatch range. Its triple

peaks rise abruptly out of the valley to a height of about 12,000 feet above sea level. On this day its western face presented a wilderness of slide rock above the timberline, and a riot of autumn colors

below. A few weeks later I passed it again. It was white as marble

from top to bottom, with occasional crags jutting through the snowmantle, like the tusks of ancient monsters. A wild wind swept

across its peaks, and plumes of drifting snow streamed far out from its knifelike ridges.

Just south of Nebo, in Salt Creek canyon, the Wasatch Range really comes to an end. From there on is a new formation, with

reddishcolored rocks. These rocks have colored a bright red the

fertile farming lands of the valley. At the mouth of the canyon lies

the beautiful town of Nephi, surrounded by some of the richest dryfarming lands of Utah.

At Nephi we secured a road map and a sandwich, and then turned southwestward, across the valley, following very closely the plainly visible road of the pioneer settlers of southern Utah. A few

miles out we had our first flat tire. While we were putting on the

spare, one of the small boys got the tire pump and began vigorously pumping up a dust in the road.

"Hey there, Tony!"called the other, "quit wasting all that

good air!"OCTOBER IN SOUTHERN UTAH 1017

At the Uba dam on the Sevier river we rested the car and stretched our legs. The water in the reservoir, which earlier in the

season is backed up for twenty miles, was very low, and the river was unusually small.

Scipio, the next point of interest, is a farming and stockraising town, lying in a peculiar, circular valley that has no drainage outlet.

The town was settled early in Utah's history, and many of the fine old pioneer homes, twostory brick and adobe structures, are still in use, picturesque monuments to the skill and industry of those early settlers. Beyond the town, the old road is very plainly marked, as it

winds over a steep pass out of the valley. Now a wonderful highway carries the car easily up an even grade, over the summit, and

down the long road to Holden, in the Pahvant valley.

This is one of the largest valleys in Utah. The mountains

on the farther side almost fade from sight in the blue haze of the desert. The Indian name signifies "vanished waters,"and refers

to the shore lines and sand bars of Lake Bonneville, and to the driedup bed of the Sevier river, which once flowed through the valley into

Salt Lake. The great farming district of Delta, including half a

dozen towns, occupies but a small fraction of the valley. Holden,

Fillmore, Meadow, and Kanosh lie along the foot of the eastern mountains.

From these towns on the country somehow begins to have the "feel"of southern Utah. It becomes a little more picturesque,

a little more romantic. After a halfhour's drive along a splendid

highway through the cedarcovered hills at the south end of the valley, we rounded a point and came into view of Cove Fort. This

interesting landmark was built by the early settlers as the halfway camping place between the Pahvant settlements and Beaver. Oxen

could not make the whole trip in one day, and in that country there were then a great many rather unfriendly Indians. The high stone

walls of the fort are very thick. A row of narrow loopholes extends around the four sides, up near the top. There is a wide entrance in the east side, through which wagons could be driven into

the enclosed courtyard. A small, narrow exit was provided in the

west wall, in case the Indians should break through the great wooden doors of the main entrance. Rooms were built along the north,

south, and part of the west sides. A well was dug in the center of

the court. The whole arrangement reminded me of an old fort

of Napoleon's at Brest. The latter was an improvised delousing

plant when I was an inmate.

Cove Fort has recently been purchased by some Eastern people, and converted into a "dude ranch"for tourists. Perhaps, some day

1018 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the state will take steps to preserve it as a monument to the early settlers.

We left the fort and hurried on southward, through the cedars.

The sun was hanging low above Mineral range and we had a long way yet to go. At the south end of this valley, the road was lined

with clumps of brilliantly colored maples, with darkgreen oaks and cedars between. On a little knoll by the side of the road, a band of

sheep was bedding down for the night. A thin thread of gray smoke

rose from the camp wagon, and horses tied to the wheels of the commissary munched in their feedbags. The whole scene called

up poignant memories of canned tomatoes, mutton chops, redhot sourdough biscuits and syrup.

We pulled into Beaver just at dusk and stopped at a restaurant for supper. As we ate, we listened to the clever banter of a party

of tourists at the next table. There had been tire trouble on the

Granite rock carved out by the drifting desert sand from Pahvant Valley way, and they had had to get a new tire. A sympathetic fellowtraveler contributed a dollar toward the cause, and offered to take

up a collection from everyone in the room. At this critical point

a party of Mexicans came in and became the focus of attention.

One of them looked like Villa himself, and we wondered whether that famous bandit had really been killed, or whether the job had yet to be done.

At eight o'clock we were on the road again, and after a few miles of winding over cedarlined curves and dugways, we rolled

OCTOBER IN SOUTHERN UTAH 1019

down a long hollow, around a point, and into a wide valley. The

lights of Paragoonah and of Parowan flickered in the distance.

Parowan has installed a new streetlighting system, and has reason to feel proud of herself. We drove through the town, passing with

reluctance the road leading to beautiful Parowan canyon and Cedar

Breaks. At ten o'clock we pulled into Cedar City, everybody, including the driver, about ninety per cent asleep. "El Escalante"

surely looked like home.

At 7:30 the next morning we breakfasted on hot cakes and

casawbas. A young fellow across the room unconsciously created

quite a flutter among the waitresses. He looked like a college football player, a movie star, and a bashful country boy, all rolled into

one. He possessed thick, black hair, a shirt of many colors, and

a cool, quiet manner. We saw him later, leaving for parts unknown

in a big, new roadster.

We tanked up with gas, oil, water, and pine nuts, and left the maintraveled roads, heading westward, toward the Escalante desert.

The road led for many miles through rolling hills, heavily timbered with cedars and pinion pines. Then we reached a more arid country.

The timber gave way to brush and grass, and the hills fell away to open valleys and low, desert ranges. Along the way, the driver

told us the story of a lost gold mine that had really never been found. The story runs somewhat like this:

A few winters ago, one of the prominent sheepmen of Cedar

City hired a young fellow to herd one of his bands of sheep out among these very desert hills through which we were passing. The

boy was gone all winter, and when he returned in the spring and received his wages, went north to work in Wyoming. Just before

leaving, he pulled a few pieces of rock from his pocket and gave them to his employer, saying that he had found them out on one of the mountains during the winter. He said they probably weren't

any good, but that they looked rather interesting. The sheepman

shoved them out of his way and out of his mind. Some months later

he happened to come across them again and gave them a careful examination. Immediately he sent them to an assayer, and in a few

days received the returns, showing that the samples carried gold worth some $65,000 a ton! At once he began a frantic search for

the young sheepherder, and for the ledge from which the samples were taken. To date, neither has been found.

We resolved to bring a camp outfit here and comb the countryfrom end to end in an attempt to find the gold—"some day."

We crossed a low divide, passed through the little town of Newcastle, and skirted the southeastern edge of Escalante valley to 1020 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hamblin creek. There we wandered over the alfalfa and potato

fields of a large ranch that was for sale and then drove into Enterprise. This town was a pleasant surprise in such a great, dry country. It is situated among fertile fields, and boasts electric lights,

telephone, waterworks, modern homes, and a fine new school house.

From here we turned south, climbing through rolling hills to the divide, a few miles from the town. This divide marks the

southern rim of the Great Basin, in Utah. Water falling on the

north side of the rim runs into the desert, where it evaporates or sinks, but that on the south side finds its way into the Colorado.

We met a picturesque oldtimer in the dugway here. His buckboard, mules, and whole makeup suggested the "early days."His

outfit would have looked far more appropriate on the old road of the emigrants, still deeply carved in the canyon below us, than on the smooth, graded highway that connects southwestern Utah with the railroad.

The road crosses a little valley, climbs another divide, and drops down to the little, scattered farming community of Central.

The hills are heavily wooded with cedars, pines, quaking aspens, cottonwoods, and willows. Off to the eastward rises the massive

bulk of Pine Valley Mountain, recently dedicated as a national monument. Pine valley, in the heart of the mountain, is one of the

State's most attractive summer resorts.

Beyond Central the road drops down to a narrow, wilder part of the valley and crosses the Santa Clara. A fine steel bridge

spans the gorge that is cut deep down through the black lava. A

great pine tree growing in the edge of the plunging, boiling torrent below reaches just under the level of the bridge. From here the

road climbs a narrow dugway, cut out of solid lava, and then rounds the shoulder of a hill and comes out onto a top of the plateau—the

world!

No wonder the early settlers remember always the "forbidding aspects of the country!"As far as the eye can see, east, south and

west, the whole region is a wild jumble of mountains and canyons.

Black lava is everywhere. Volcanic cones rise above the plateau

so black and perfect that one looks expectantly for smoke and ashes to burst forth from them. The plateau drops away abruptly to

the southward, down to the valley of the Virgin river, far below.

Beyond this river rise great colored mesas, and toward the southwest the river passes through still wilder country on its way to join the

Colorado. How the pioneers ever traveled through this region before the days of steel and dynamite is a mystery. But they did

make their way, and down in the fertile, semitropical valleys, below

OCTOBER IN SOUTHERN UTAH 1021

<*f

Si&M One of the Blue Pyramids, no man's land, south of Bryce Canyon.

the barren lava beds with their allbut-impassable gorges, they founded a paradise of farms and gardens, cities and towns. Now a

beautiful highway winds over the mountains, spans the gorges, and elbows down the plateau. Over this road we rolled along, down

over a bluff and into St. George, sleeping under the warm, afternoon sun. We had left a land of snowy mountains and falling

leaves, but here it was still midsummer.

St. George is a garden spot in the heart of a terrible land. It

seems that here nature tries to atone for the great stretches of waste land, dry plateaus, barren mesas, and rockwalled canyons of the surrounding region, and every foot of ground yields abundantly.

The great, snowwhite temple rises impressively from among darkgreen, semitropical trees. The wide, shady streets are lined with

comfortable, wellkept houses. Pioneer homes of rock and adobe

stand side by side with modern bungalows. Lawns are bordered

with pomegranate trees, giant tamaracks, and other trees, vines, and shrubbery, most of which do not grow on the north side of the "Rim of the Basin,"a few miles distant. Incidentally, the people

there, who are nearly all pioneers or their immediate descendants, are as interesting as the city itself.

At dusk, just as the lights were beginning to gleam among the trees, we left St. George, once more on the Arrowhead Trail, but

1022 IMPROVEMENT ERA

this time headed northeast. Almost immediately we left the river

valley and began climbing innumerable dugways. The lights of the

car showed a white roadway with a wall on one side and a black void on the other. As we raced along, the driver recounted a wild

shooting tale of the days when Silver Reef was one of the West's most famous mining camps. The tale concerned the sudden, complete, and wellmerited demise of the town's most notorious citizen.

Leaving the mountains and the "ghost town,"we passed through some small valleys, each with its scattered ranches and communities. Then presently we took to dugways again. These

wound around so much that all sense of direction was lost. The

driver, who had been silent for a long time, very sleepily informed us that over the edge of the road and somewhere down below was the Virgin river. Comforting thought, with a sleepy driver! He

became a little alarmed at one point, when the car showed a tendency to dive off into space, and he began to sing to keep awake. He sang

all the songs he knew, and some he didn't. He made a speech, told

jokes, and then burst into song again. He said it was quite a strain

to drive when he was so sleepy, but it was as much of a strain for me to sit mile after mile in tense anticipation of the moment when

I would have to grab the wheel and jerk the car back from the edge of the dugway.

Meanwhile the skyline began to rise on both sides of us, until only a narrow band of stars shone overhead, and then the road dropped down from the dugway to the canyon floor. Finally, just

after midnight, we rolled up to the Zion Park Lodge, at the foot of an immense cloud of rock, "El Sentinel,"and called it a day.

The next morning we were up in time to see the sunlight strike the tops of the canyon wall, and we drove up to the end of the road at the Narrows. I tried to write something descriptive of the

canyon, but gave it up. We took a few snapshots, but even this

seemed rather futile. For immensity, grandeur, and majesty of

workmanship, the mightywalled canyon is beyond anything that has yet been said of it, or any picture that has attempted to portray it. Reluctantly we turned back down the highway over which we

had traveled so nervously the night before. Our road led down the

Virgin river, then over the hills to the main highway, and northward to Cedar City.

At Cedar we replenished the commissary, gave the car a fresh supply of oil, and started up the canyon toward Cedar Breaks. Cedar

canyon itself is very picturesque. Great rocks rise hundreds of feet

above the stream bed, and in some cases they completely overhang the highway. The road is good, but steep, rising from 5000 feet above

sea level in the valley to 10,400 feet at the rim of the Breaks, twenty

OCTOBER IN SOUTHERN UTAH 1023

miles away. The canyon was gorgeously colored with autumn

leaves, and as we approached the summit we saw occasional patches of fresh snow. A blue haze rested over the hills and softened down

the rugged outlines of the peaks.

The road climbs out of Cedar canyon and circles the south side of a high mountain. For a few miles here it crosses the headwaters

of the Virgin. Far down through the haze, some thirty miles away,

we could see where the river cuts through the rocks in Zion Park, and could even make out the Narrows and the Great White Throne.

Far away in the southwest Pine Valley Mountain stood out boldly on the horizon. We took a last look and then drove on through

endless groves of whiteboled quaking aspen the leaves of which had nearly all fallen. The mountain seemed deserted. There was practically no traffic on the road, we saw no animals, and everything was

still. Snow patches increased as we climbed, though the highway

was still quite dry and hard.

The road swings around to the northward through beautiful parklike meadows and groves, enters a thick clump of pine trees and then without warning emerges on the very rim of the Breaks. The

thrill of that first breathtaking view seems to increase with each visit there. Cedar Breaks is a mighty amphitheatre of brilliant colors

and grotesque forms set in one of the most beautiful forests of Utah.

It is a region of mystery and romance utterly beyond description.

The sun was sinking low in the west, casting weird shadows among the castles, caves, and images of the canyon. We still had far to go

so we turned eastward over the "Angels'Highway,"where forests, meadows, lakes, streams, and canyons provide a paradise of scenery.

At ten o'clock we reached Bryce Canyon Lodge, hungry, tired, and sleepy. It was the last night of the season there and nearly

everything was closed. Therefore we had to turn in without supper.

The next morning we took a most chilly visit to the rim of the canyon to watch the "Silent City"at sunrise. The sight was worth

the chill. I climbed down the Navajo Trail and got plenty of thrills

prowling among the red gorges, gloomy passageways and grotesque monuments. I found a registry book down in the canyon and

signed my name next that of T. Watson of Belfast, Ireland. While

I was getting a picture of a great, cathedrallike aisle, my feet went out from under me and I ripped an eighthinch hole in one trouser leg before I brought up against a jutting rock down the slope. The

canyon appears to be carved out of soft, red clay; but it isn't.

By nine o'clock we remembered that we had had no supper the night before, so we left the canyon and headed for Panguitch and breakfast, twentysix miles away. At tenthirty, feeling much better,

we pulled out for Salt Lake City, two hundred and seventyfive 1024 IMPROVEMENT ERA miles to the northward. At the Piute Dam we picked up a tack. At

Richfield we could get no ice cream, so we drove hurriedly on to

Salina. Here we saw a small group of people seated in chairs on

the sidewalk listening to a radio sermon. On the other side of the

street a much larger crowd was following the progress of a World's

Series game. We patronized each place for a few minutes.

An inventory of our combined financial resources showed a credit balance of fifty cents. We debated as to whether we should

buy gasoline or ice cream. The affirmative, upheld by two small

boys, won unanimously. From there on the trip was without

incident, except that just a hundred yards south of the first service station in Salt Lake valley the car ran out of gas. An obliging

station attendant came running and helped push us in. He filled the

tank, recklessly accepted a check, and our fourday trip in the golden days of autumn was over.

My Homeland

Oh, take me back to Utah Where I can in peace abide, Away from strife, and quakes, and storms,

And angry rushing tides.

Let me see again the canyons grand

Where the "purest streamlets"flow,

And taste the waters, clear and sweet,

Just off the glistening snow.

Let me see again my mountain home

And camp beside the streams, And live again the olden times.

As were pictured in my dreams.

I want to stroll on hillsides there

Where the purest breezes blow,

And gather again the mountain flowers

Where the sego lillies grow.

And with the splendor of setting sun.

Will my eyes again be blest, *\s it sinks beneath the inland sea

In a halo of perfect rest.

Then, when I take my last, long stroll,

To my final place of rest, Let it be upon the hillside there,

To be numbered with the blest.

R. C. SAVAGE

Turning the Washington Monument

Inside Out By Robert Sparks Walker

at the base of the LANDING Washington Monument on a hot morning in August, I thought my visit was surely ruined upon learning that the elevator was temporarily out of business, and that to reach the top I would have to go on foot.

However, being accustomed to hiking on level ground, also to climbing mountains, I set out on this task with kodak and coat under my arm. But misfortunes

nearly always have their compensations. I knew that at each

landing were memorial stones, presented by various states and organizations, for I had on previous trips curiously peeped from the moving elevator, and The Washington Monument caught sight of them here and there as we moved slowly up or down. But they meant little to me, because I had had no opportunity of reading and studying them carefully.

Before reaching the thirtiethfoot landing, I saw that this monument was like a well filled nut, and that the tens of thousands of people who visit it annually are passing the kernels by unnoticed; and I made up my mind to turn this huge structure

inside out as a penalty for being forced to ascend it on foot on a very hot summer day.

On the 30thfoot landing are seven memorial stones. The

first, inscribed "Maine,"I thought is very fitting, since Maine is our remotest northeastern state. Delaware comes second with this

inscription, "First to Adopt. Will Be the Last to Desert the Constitution, 1849."Arkansas claims the third, and the fourth is a

contribution from the Little Falls Quarry of D. C. The fifth was

1026 IMPROVEMENT ERA

presented by the Franklin Fire Co., of Washington, D. C, with

this slogan inscribed, "We strive to save."A good motto for

every American! The sixth was presented by the National Greys,

of Washington, D. C, while the seventh says: "Presented by George

Watterston, Secretary Washington National Monument Society, as a testimonial of His Gratitude and Veneration, A. D. 1849."

By this time, I was deeply interested, for, while enjoying the great outdoors we find sermons in running brooks, in trees and stones, here were sermons literally carved in stone by the hands of men.

At the 40th landing, stone No. 1 is inscribed, "Nashville,

Tennessee."That stone attracted my attention, for it came from

the capital of my home state. No. 2 is credited to the state of

Louisiana with this declaration, "Ever faithful to the Constitution and the Union."No. 3, from Alabama, says, "A Union of Equality

Adjusted by the Constitution."No. 4 was presented by the German Benevolent Society of Washington, D. C, with this tribute,

"As a memento of the veneration of its members for the 'Father of his country.'"No. 5, from the Association of Journeymen Stone

Cutters of Philadelphia, "United We Stand."No. 6 was presented

by the Columbia Typographical Society, "As a memento'of the veneration of its members for the 'Father of his country.'

On the 50thfoot landing: No. 1, from Indiana, says, "Knows

No North, No South, Nothing but the Union."No. 2, "State of

Georgia. The Union as it was. The Constitution as it is."No. 3,

from Illinois, declares, "State Sovereignity, National Union."No.

4 is from the Washington Naval Lodge, No. 5 from the Grand

Lodge of Masons, D. C, "Our Brother George Washington."No.

6 represents the Washington Light Infantry.

The 60thfoot landing has a stone from South Carolina, one from New Hampshire, one from Florida, and one from Westmoreland county, Virginia, inscribed, "The Birth Place of Washington."The fifth stone, from the I. O. O. F. Grand Lodge of the

Odd Fellows of the state of N. J., has this inspiring motto, "We

command you to visit the sick, relieve the distressed, bury the dead, and educate the orphans."The sixth stone is inscribed, "Presented

by Anacostia Tribe, No. 3, I. O. R. M., D. C, on the 3rd Sun

of the 3 x 7 Suns Worm Moon G. S. 5610."

The 70thfoot landing has a stone from New Jersey, one from

Massachussetts, one from Connecticut, one from "Grand Division, S. T., North Carolina. Love, Purity, Fidelity,"one from

the "United Sons of America, Pennsylvania,"and a stone

TURNING THE WASHINGTON MONUMENT INSIDE OUT 1027

from the Grand Divisions, Sons of Temperance, State of Virginia, ] 850, "Hand in hand. Union."

Washington to America Gives this Granite for His Monument."

and of Her Cordial, Habitual and Immovable Attachment to the

American Union."The fourth stone is from the Invincible Fire Co.,

Cincinnati, O., the fifth from "R. W. Grand Lodge of I. O. O. F.,

Indiana. In God We Trust, Constitutional Liberty, F. L. T. The

Earth for Its Domain and Eternity for Its Duration."The sixth

stone says, "To George Washington by the Maryland Pilgrims Association. Organized, Balto, 1847."

On the 90thfoot landing, the first stone I read bore this inscription: "The Tribute of Missouri to the Memory of Washington

and a Pledge of Her Fidelity to the Union of the States."Another

stone says, "The State of Ohio. The Memory of Washington and

the Union of the States. Sunte Perpetua."A third one reads, "The

State of Mississippi to the Father of His Country, A. D. 1850."The

fourth stone is from Little Rock. Arkansas. The fifth from the Odd

Fellows of Ohio, and the sixth is from the Mechanics of Raleigh,

N. C.

On the lOOthfoot landing, Wisconsin claims the first stone met, while North Carolina has one inscribed, "Declaration of Independence. Mecklenburg, May, 1775. 'Constitution.'"The third

'says, "'Hope, Rhode Island.'The Grand Lodge, I. O. O. F. of

Virginia has one, and the fifth one is inscribed, "From the home of

Knox by citizens of Thomaston, Maine,"while the sixth stone is inscribed, "To the Father of His Country. Presented by the Independent Order of United Brothers of the State of Maryland, A. D.

1851."On the HOthfoot landing the first stone reads, "Nov. 12,

1 852. From the Postmasters and Assistant Postmasters of the State

of Indiana. Dedicated to the Washington Monument, Washington.

May His Principles be Distributed Broadcast Over the Land."Iowa

certainly had a Psalmist, for the second stone is inscribed, "Iowa. Her

Affections, Like the Rivers of Her Borders, flow to an Inseparable

Union."The Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons of the

State of New York is credited with a stone, and the fourth one reads, "By the Grand Lodge of Kentucky to the Memory of Washington, the Christian Mason."No. 5 simply says, "Peter Force."The sixth

stone is from the Grand Lodge of Ohio.

On the 120thfoot landing the first stone encountered reads, 1028 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"From the City of Frederick, Md."The next, from California,

makes pleasing reading: "California, Youngest Sister of the Union,

Brings Her Golden Tribute to the Memory of Its Father."The third

stone is from "The City of Roxbury, Mass. The birthplace of Gen.

Joseph Warren."The fourth is from "S. of T. R. I.,"whatever that

means. The fifth stone is from various I. O. of O. F. Lodges, Germantown, Pa., and the sixth stone is from "Patmos Lodge No. 20,

iMasons, Ellicott Mills, Md."

The 130thfoot landing has first stone credited to "I. O. O. F.,

Mass."The second stone, "American Whig Society, College of N. J.,

Princeton. A tribute to Washington."The third stone, "Corporation of the City of New York, 1852."The fourth stone is from

"American Institute of the City of New York,"the fifth, "Union

Society, Hillsborough, N. C,"the sixth from the Sons of Temperance, State of Connecticut. The seventh stone reads, "From the

Alumni of Washington College, at Lexington, Va. The Only College

Endowed by the Father of His Country."Another stone is inscribed,

"Oakland College, Miss., 1851."The ninth stone is from the Masons

of Maryland, the tenth from Washington Lodge, of the City of New

York. Another bears the inscription, "Durham, New Hampshire."

The twelfth stone is from "Mount Lebanon Lodge No. 226, A. Y.

M., Lebanon, Pa."

The first stone on the 140thfoot landing is from D. O.

Hitner's Quarry, Norristown, Pa., the second from the Grand Lodge

of Masons of the State of Alabama. No. 3 may be regarded as a

prayer by the City of Baltimore: "May Heaven To This Union

Continue Its Benificence; May brotherly affection with union be

perpetual; May the Free Constitution which is the work of our ancestors be sacredly maintained, and its administration be stamped

with wisdom and with virtue."The next stone is engraved,

"Prosunt Omnibus. Grand Lodge of Georgia."Number 5 is from

New York, presented by Masterton and Smith, of Westchester county. The sixth stone is from "Masonic Grand Lodge, of 111.,

1853."Number 7 is inscribed, "From Fort Greene, Battle Ground

of Long Island. A Tribute from the Ft. Greene Guard of Brooklyn,

1854."Number 8 reads, "From Otter's Summit, Virginia's loftiest peak, to crown a monument to Virginia's noblest son."Number 9 is from Co. I, 4th Regiment Infantry, U. S. A. Number 10

contains the names of seven men of the Engineers 2nd Division,

James River and Kano Canal.

The first stone on the 160foot landing is from the Lafayette

Lodge, F. A. M., New York City; the next stone, "Warren, R. I.

Hope."Number 3 is from the Athenian Lodge, I. O. O. F., Troy,

N. Y., the next from Newark, N. J., while number 5 is simply enTURNING THE WASHINGTON MONUMENT INSIDE OUT 1029

'Number 6 was presented by thegraved, "New York, 'Excelsior.'

Eureka Lodge, I. O. O. F., City of New York.

Washington Lodge, of F. and A. M., Roxbury, Mass., claims

the first memorial stone on the 170thfoot landing; New Bedford,

Mass., the next; while number 3 reads, "Charlestown. The Bunker

Hill Battle Ground."The next is from Salem, Mass. Number 5,

reads, "Sicut Patribus Sit Deus Nobis. Civitatis Regimine Donata

A. D. 1822. Bostonia. Condita. A. D. 1630."Vermont claims

the last, emphasizing "Freedom and Unity."

The first stone on the 180thfoot landing, from the I. O. of

O. F., of the city and county of Philadelphia, closes with, "in Commemoration of the Devoted Patriotism, the exalted virtue and the

illustrious deeds of him whose memory is an adamantine link in the

National Union."Stone 2 says, "The Surest safeguard of the

liberty of our country is total abstinence from all that intoxicates.

Sons of Temperance of Pennsylvania."The 3rd stone is from the

Grand Lodge of Penn., A. Y. M. Number 4 is inscribed, "Declaration of Independence, Philadelphia, July 4th, 1776. Corporation of

the City of Philadelphia."The fifth stone is thus voiced: "'Liberty,

Independence, Virtue,'Pennsylvania. Founded 1681. By Deeds of

Peace."Foreign admirers of George Washington took possession of the 190thfoot landing as follows: "Presented by the Governor and

Commune of the Islands of Paros and Naxos, Grecian Archipelago,

Aug. 13th, 1855."The second stone is carved, "Turkey;"No. 3,

"Bremen;"No. 4, "Brazil, 1878;"5. "Siam;"6. "Greece;"

7, "To the Memory of Washington. The Free Swiss Confederation. MDCCCLII."

West Virginia donated the first stone with this inscription for the 200thfoot landing: "Tuum Nos Sumus Monumentum;"Richmond, Virginia the second, and the St. John's Lodge, F. A. M., Richmond, Va., the third. No. 4 from theG. L. of the U. S., 1852, gives

a command about visiting the sick, burying the dead, etc. No. 5

is from the Grand Lodge of Md., I. O. O. F., and No. 6 is from the

Masonic Lodge of Virginia, closing with, "Lo! she gave to this

Republic the chief corner stone."The givers of number 7, were

they alive today, would soon find themselves in the toils of the law if they violated the pledge they made on their gift; viz: "From

the Templars of Honor and Temperance. Organized Dec. 5, 1845.

'Truth, Love, Purity, and Fidelity.'Our Pledge: 'We will not

make, buy, sell or use as a beverage any spiritous or malt liquors, wine, cider, or any other alcoholic liquor, and will discountenance their manufacture, traffic and use, and this pledge we will maintain 1030 IMPROVEMENT ERA

unto the end of life. Supreme Council of the Templars of Honor

and Temperance, 1846."

The West and South own the 210thfoot landing memorial stones. The first one encountered heralds, "Kansas. Kansas Territory. Organized May 30, 1851. State admitted January 29,

1861."The Grand Lodge of Ancient Free Masons of the State of

Arkansas give number 2, and number 3 was donated by the Grand

Lodge of the State of Miss. Number 4 is from "I. O. O. F. Grand

on behalf of the Sons of Temperance of Illinois, Jan. 1, 1855,"while

the Grand Division of Ohio Sons of Temperance contributed the next stone. No. 7 is inscribed, "Michigan. An emblem of her trust

in the Union."The last stone, number 8. is from the Grand Lodge,

A. F. and A. M., of Iowa, 1876.

mB i %- Wjtutyti

i h ALI

The Potomac river, the Lincoln Memorial and the reflecting Pool, as seen from the top of the Washington Monument

Having been born in the old Cherokee country in the South and in a wooden building whose logs were hewn out by Cherokees,

I paid considerable attention to the first stone on the 220thfoot landing; viz: "Cherokee Nation, 1850."Wonderful, that a nation of savage Indians had advanced in so short a time that they

appreciated the character and patriotism of George Washington. The

next stone came from the State of Oregon. No. 3 states, "Montana.

'Oro y Plata.''''Minnesota gave the next, and the fifth is inscribed,

"Holiness to the Lord. Deseret. (Utah)."The next stone says,

"Tribute from Wyoming Territory. To the Memory of Him Who

By Universal Consent Was Chief Among the Founders of the ReTURNING THE WASHINGTON MONUMENT INSIDE OUT 1 CHI

public."The next is a Japanese Memorial Stone, and the eighth is

a Chinese Memorial Stone, while Nebraska claims the next, adding, "Equality Before the Law."Number 10 reads, "All for our country. Nevada, 1881."

At the 230thfoot landing I made two rich discoveries, and here I rested for a long time. The first stone came from my native

state and is engraved, "Tennessee. The Federal Union, it must be preserved."The next stone came from the Grand Lodge of the State of

Florida, and memorial stone number 3 from Hawkins county, Tenn.

Number 4 is inscribed, "Georgia Convention, 1850, 'Wisdom, Justice, Moderation.'"The next stone is patriotic in its declaration:

"Under the auspices of Heaven and the Precepts of Washington,

Kentucky will be the last to give up the Union. 'United we stand,

Divided we fall.'M. Pruden, 1851."The sixth stone, from the

Grand Lodge of I. O. O. F., of Kentucky, says, "In Union There

is Strength."

The first stone my eyes met on the 240thfoot landing was inscribed, "Presented by the United American Mechanics, Pa."The

next stone has this inscription, "Presented by the Association of the Oldest Inhabitants of the District of Columbia, July 4th, 1 870."

Stone number 3 reads. "Wales. Fy Iatth, Fy Negivlad, Fy nghenedl.

Cyrnry am byth."The next stone from Braddock's Field bore an

inscription far more easily understood than the one that preceded it.

Stone number 5 is from the Battle Ground, Long Island, and the next one is from the Improved Order of Red Men, of D. C. The

next stone has this inscription, "The General Assembly of the

Presbyterian Church in the United States of America in session in

Washington City, May, 1852."The 8th and last stone on this

floor says, "American Medical Association. Instituted MDCCC-*""""—

XLVII. Vincit Amor Patriae."

The 250thfoot landing starts out with this inscribed stone:

"The Young Men's Mercantile Library Association of Cincinnati.

Organized A. D. 1805. A. D. 1853. 2,400 members. Proud to

honor Washington, Contributes its humble quota to the swelling tide of National Gratitude. born of the ordinance of Ohio—First

'87. Every pulsation of the heart beats high, beats strong, for liberty

and the Union."The next stone is a tribute from the teachers of

the Buffalo public schools, and the third stone is from the women of

Lowell, Mass. The next stone was presented by the proprietors

of the Cincinnati Commercial, 1850. The fifth stone was a gift

from the citizens of Stockton, Calif., while the sixth came from

the citizens of the United States of America who were at that time residing in Foo Chow Foo, China. The next stone lists the names

of the Engine, Hose, and Hookand-Ladder Companies of Phila1032 IMPROVEMENT ERA

delphia, and stone number 8 is from the Fire Department of Philadelphia, 1854. Number 9 is also a gift from a Fire and Hose Company. The tenth stone has this inscription: "Washington, N. C,

Thalian Association."

The first memorial stone on the 260thfoot landing stares at you with this inscription: "Cincinnati Company. Our War is

With the Elements."The pupils of the public schools of the city

of Baltimore contributed stone number 2, while the third discloses this fact: "Washington Erina Guard, Newark, N. J."Number

4 came from a Sunday School and bears this information: "From

the Sabbath School Children of the Methodist E. Church in the

city and districts of Philadelphia. 4th July, 1853. A preached

revere his memory. Gospel. A Free Press. Washington—We

Search the Scriptures. Suffer little children to come unto me and

xviii: 16. forbid them not for of such is the Kingdom of God.—Luke

Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old, he xxii:6-5."The next stone is from will not depart from it.—Prov.

the Fire Department of the City of New York, and number 6 tells 10:7. its own story: "The memory of the Just is Blessed.—Prov.

Presented by the children of the Sunday Schools of the Methodist

Episcopal Church, in the City of New York, Feb. 22, 1855."The

seventh stone came from the sons of New England living in Canada.

The Jefferson Society of the University of Virginia donated the first stone on the 270thfoot landing. The next stone is inscribed: "From the Home of Stark. By the ladies of Manchester,

N. H."The next stone came from the employees of R. Norris &

Son, Locomotive Works, Philadelphia. No. 4 came from the Continental Guard of New Orleans, La., giving names of 163 persons,

and stating that the Guard was organized Feb. 22, 1855. The

next stone came from the Cliosophic Society, Nassau Hall, N. J., and

the last stone "from the Alexandrian Library in Egypt, brought to this country by G. C. Baker."

Action and inaction are suggested by the first stone on the 280thfoot landing as follows: "'All that live must die.'A tribute

of respect from the Ladies and Gentlemen of the Dramatic Profession of America, 1853!"The next stone came as a gift from the

Class of 185354 of the Jefferson Medical College of Philadelphia.

Stone number 3 is inscribed: "From the Citizens of Alexandria,

Va. The Descendants of the Friends and Neighbors of Washington.

1851."The next stone came from the Hibernian Society of Baltimore, and lists its officers and committee. The fifth stone reads,

"To Washington, An Humble Tribute from Two Disciples of

Daguerre."The next stone was a gift of the First Regiment of Light

Infantry, Mass., Vol. Militia, Boston. The seventh stone came

TURNING THE WASHINGTON MONUMENT INSIDE OUT 1033

from Honesdale, Pa., and the eighth is inscribed, "To the

Father of His Country. The Addison Literary Society of the Western Military Institute, Brennon, Kentucky. Non nobis solum, sed

patriae et amicis."

Three states contributed three stones on the 290thfoot landing, as follows: Oklahoma, 1907; Colorado, 1876; Texas, 1845.

While on the 300thfoot landing South Dakota has her name engraved in a stone, and the State of Washington on the 310thfoot landing. On the 320th, Arizona is mentioned, and the 330th announces "Top of Statue on Capitol,"meaning that this lettering

is at the same height as the top of the statue on the national Capitol building.

When I had finished reading the inscriptions, I had forgotten heat and perspiration, and rejoiced that the elevator was out of commission, for its lameness forced me to do that which haste might otherwise have caused me to ignore.

Doubtless if the Father of His Country could visit this great structure the feature which he would find most interesting would be the inscriptions on the memorial stones which comparatively few visitors ever see.

The Common Walks of Life

Few souls who would not scale the height

For Love's eternal sake, And few who would not die for right

Where honor is at stake.

For flag and countrymen will bleed

And drain the dregs of shame, The zealot for his frenzied creed

Will wade through tongues of flame.

But in the common walks of life,

Where common things assail, Mid homely tasks and petty strife

Tis there where mortals fail.

Who curbs his wrath and guards his tongue,

Has more than legions tamed Is zealot, patriot unsung, And a victor unacclaimed!

Mesa, Arizona BERTHA A. Kl.EINMAN

Native Plants as Friends and Foes (Second Article) By J. H. Paul, Professor of Natural Science at the

University of Utah ITnumberis reasonableand varietyto supposeof boththat themedicinalsemiaridandWestpoisonoushas an unusualplants.

This may be due to the fact that the prevailing juice or secretion of any plant is more concentrated from evaporation in the

West than in the moist regions. Plants breathe through their leaves

and also transpire moisture from them. The small leaf surface of

desert plants is the method nature takes of lessening evaporation.

According to the use that may be made of it, a plant may be regarded as either a medicine or a poisonous species. The following

list comprises our best known and most common plants that are known to be poisonous. Western scouts should be able to find at

least ten of them for this remarkable plant project.

VIII. Find, collect, and present any ten of the following:

Western Poisonous Plants Name Identification Marks How Poisonous

Poison Ivy. Low shrub; large leaves in 3's; To touch.

Rhus Rydbergii. red in autumn. Low canyons.

Poison Hemlock. Tall: by streams; stems purRoot if eaten.

Cicuta occidentalis. plish: leaves compound, fls. in In marshes.

clusters.

Stinging Nettle. Like tall catnip; no blossoms. To touch.

Urtica dioica. Everywhere.

Twinberry Honeysuckle. Canyon shrub; black berries in Berries.

Lonicera involucrata. red bracts. Canyons.

Baneberry. Canyon herb; elegant, large Fruit.

Actaea argutaWhite; compound leaves; red or white Canyons, in shade.

Actaea rubraRed. berries in upright clusters.

Larkspurs. Blue fls. with one spur; deepTo sheep.

Delphinium. ly cut leaves. Hills, mountains.

Silky Lupine. Blue or white pea fls.; leaves To sheep.

Lupinus. digitate. Mountains.

sVoolly Loco. Low, silky herb; bluish pea To sheep.

Astragalus flower; fingerlike lvs. Mountains, plains.

Death Camass. Long, grasslike leaves; small To sheep.

Zygadenus elegans. whitish lilies. High mountains.

Poison Sego. Stout leaves in fountain form; Bulb if eaten.

Zygadenus paniculatus. greenish fls.; bulb. Hills.

Water Parsnip. Tall; leaves compound; fls., in Roots if eaten.

NATIVE PLANTS AS FRIENDS AND FOES 1035

Name Identification Marks How Poisonous

Sium cicutaefolium. white umbels. In marshes, rivers.

Wild Parsnip. Like cultivated parsnip. Roots, if eaten.

Pastinaca sativa.

Western Coneflower. Large ovate leaves: f Is. in black To breathe the pollen

Rudbeckia occidentalis. cones; no ray fls. gives hay fever.

Sawtoothed Sneezeweed. Tall; many fls.. in heads like Man and beast get hay

Senecio serra. small sunfls. Leaves with sawfever from breathing polThroughout our mts. toothed edges. len of Senecio.

Lobeleaf Sneezeweeds. Smaller; leaves rounded, upper Pollen causes hay fever.

Senecio Species. lobed or parted.

Unarmed Ragweed. Low herb; leaves much cut, Perhaps the worst hay

Arbrosia artemaesifolia. hairy; fls, a spike of small, infever weed; common in

verted helmets. valleys; "bitterweed."

Armed Ragweed. Less hairy, less leafy; stems Hay fever. The fruits arc

Amb. psylostachya. dark green, contain red dye. burs.

Goldenrod, Helenium. and other Compositae. such as the common sunflower,

many of the grasses, also elms and other trees that are wind pollinated, roses and other fragrant flowers, have been known to cause or to aggravate hay fever; the heat and

dust of towns, trains, and unpaved roads may induce or intensify the malady. The

remedy is to get rid of ragweeds, avoid the others, and go into cool places, preferably the mountains, in summer.

Campers'and Hikers'Plagues Every longestablished campsite now used by hikers, scouts, or outing parties is today infested by from five to ten terrific plant ten kinds of prickly, bristly, irritating torments,nuisances—some

which should immediately be gotten rid of. There is no way of

avoiding these exasperating prickly weeds except by keeping one's feet within the beaten trail, which is often dusty, worn, rocky, and uneven. Step outside of that dusty streak, and you must meet the

torture of grassy needles, burs, prickles, stings, and hayfever dust, which severally and collectively mar the exhilaration of a tramp among the hills. About certain camps the native covering of herbs

and grasses has been wellnigh exterminated. From careless fires,

clearings, travel, bedding places of stock, and other forms of destruction, the ground has been cleared and thorns and thistles have come in.

Nature, which dislikes bare ground, proceeds to cover the naked earth with whatever she has at with weeds from all hand—mostly

nearby places. This hasty covering preserves the soil from being

swept away by rain, wind, and melting snow.

Cocklebur, Burdock, and Sandbur

Three of the worst species, too well known, are burdock, cocklebur, and sandbur. Little description need be given of them. The

two latter are native, but burdock was imported in pioneer days as a 1036 IMPROVEMENT ERA

bloodpurifier. None of them is of the slightest value today, and

all three should be ruthlessly destroyed. Besides being nuisances,

these weeds inflict heavy losses on flockmasters, the burs clinging to the wool of sheep and lowering the price of the product. Cows'

tails are often completely clotted by them; and, to the annoyance

and suffering of these animals, the hair of woolly dogs and even the manes of horses collect the wretched burs in quantity. By catching

in the stockings and other clothing, all such pests lower the enjoyment of outdoor rambles.

Stickseed and Brome Grass On a plant with rather tall, branching stems pretty blue forgetme-nots in spring adorn the hillsides near most Rocky Mountain towns. As the plants go to seed, little burs replace the numerous

blossoms, and stand ready to catch upon whatever brushes against them. A laterblooming form in the higher mountains grows to

three or four feet on stems slightly branched because of the competition there of other forms of vegetation. Then there is a manystemmed form (Lappula subecumbens) that lies partly on the

ground. All these, easily learned at sight and long remembered from

the annoyance they cause, are easy to pull up, being shallowrooted.

The writer is accustomed to clear off these weeds each stopping place during a hike. As the weeds are pulled, they are laid in straight

piles; the flowers or prickles pointing one way, so that, even if the

weeds are not finally burned, they cling together in a mass and are not likely to spread their burs.

Small brome grass, usually miscalled June grass here, is a drooping, onesided grass about a foot high, one kind purplish at first, with long bristles on seeds that ripen in early summer. This

dry tinder affords any spark a chance to start a fire. Small brome

is in some respects our worst weed; it is extending everywhere, is of

only slight use as forage, while it spreads and multiplies forest fires.

It has long, spiny stickers, which get into one's stockings. Brome

grasses, however, seem especially liable to infestation by ergot—black, powdery mass of fungus that grows about grass seeds. Small

brome, in the mountains, seems most subject to this fact smut—a that may save us from many a forest fire.

Horehound, Thistle, and Stinging Nettle

Horehound, cousin to the catnip, is one of the most usual signs of overgrazing. It is a grayish, woolly herb of the mint family, with

oval, sawtoothed leaves, opposite on rounded stems. Just above

each leaf is a cluster of small whitish flowers, which soon become prickly prongs of the dry calyx. In recent years, the burs—the

spread of two pests, stinging nettle and tall thistle, is noteworthy,

NATIVE PLANTS AS FRIENDS AND FOES 1037

being due to fires or overgrazing. Extending along trails to many of

the mountain tops, these two causes of tribulation greatly mar the pleasure of mountainclimbing. Nettle is tall, straight, about four

feet high; leaves lanceshaped, three to five inches long, whitish

below, with stems lined or grooved. The plant is covered with short

bristly hairs that penetrate and sting the skin, producing blisters. An

interesting feature is the explosion of the anther shortly after sunrise

The stamens hang in little curls; and the pollen dust, resembling little

puffs of smoke, shoots out as the plants are warmed in the morning sun.

Thistles need little description. The worst thistle, the Canadian, is rare; it has many very small heads Yi inch—and many

spines. The pasture and the mountain species, with large heads,

are everywhere proceeding to cover unoccupied land. They are stout

herbs from 3 to 6 feet high, with sessile leaves having prickly teeth and tips, and 2-inch heads of purplish to white flowers. There

are also small species, a few with yellow flowers.

In high mountain parks, overgrazing or fire is likely to be followed by the large Frazer's gentians, plants four to five feet high, stout, and resembling fields of small corn. These spring up in moist

places only, and are not necessarily indications of denuded land.

In high places also, the rosin leaf, or Wyethia, is likely to cover bare land. Wyethias of several species are often miscalled docks,

which are plants of a different family. Wyethias are liked by

horses and other stock, and so do not represent an entire waste as do the usual plants that follow overgrazing.

CONEFLOWER, RAGWEEDS, KNOTWEEDS, DOCKS

Western coneflower, "niggerhead,"spreads quickly over bare mountain land. Its black heads of small massed flowers are not

accompanied by rays of the sunflower sort in our common species.

It has leaves ovate, pointed, four to eight inches long, mostly smooth and entire, but some roughish and slightly toothed. In moist land

from Montana to Arizona, a species with all the leaves cut or divided occurs; eastward is another, about three feet high, like our

common species, but mostly with yellow ray flowers, and with rough, bristly, and hairy leaves. Its pollen may produce hay fever.

Ragweeds often follow overgrazing on hills and plains of moderate altitudes. They are roughhairy plants, their fruiting flowers

hidden singly among the leaves; the stamenbearing flowers in long,

slender, pointed clusters at the tips of branches. The stamen cups

have the form of tiny helmets or inverted coal scuttles. These,

inverted to shed the rain, are filled with pollen yellow dust—a

powder in great quantity. The leaves are lobed and cut into ragged

1038 IMPROVEMENT ERA

divisions. One kind has unarmed, smooth little nutlets and rather

thick leaves; the other kind is armed with prickly burs and has leaves

of thinner texture; it is called armed ragweed. Both are notorious

as hayfever weeds.

Small erect knotweeds thickly cover bare land. They grow

from six to eight inches high, have oblong leaves, and stems covered with papery sheaths at the joints, similar to the knotweed that lies flat and covers garden paths in the valleys.

Sour docks are plants that resemble and are related to the cultivated rhubarb. They have large leaves, jointed stems, covered with

papery sheaths, and masses of brown triangular seeds at the top, sometimes called Indian tobacco.

Wild Lettuce, SquirrelTail, SandBur

Prickly lettuce often comes up in great abundance on bare land. It is wild lettuce, the compass plant, which, in growth,

contrives finally to turn its leaves to north and south. It has a

milky juice and soft spines on the midrib.

Squirreltail grass is likely to be one of the most frequent new tenants of land in the valleys left vacant. Its long, penetrating

needles, forming the squirreltail clusters of flowers and seeds, are probably known to nearly everyone.

Bur grass, or sandbur, is a creeping grass of warm and mostly sandy soils. Its spikelets of one to three grass flowers are inclosed

in a spiny bur that forms the involucre. The burs readily drop from

the stem, thus making it one of the most troublesome plants we have.

Its scientific name, Cenchrus tribuloides, indicates its nature as a special tormenter of barefooted children.

What Can We Do About It?

Unless the area is in the mountains, the presence of any of the plants that indicate overgrazing is not proof that the land has been fireswept or overgrazed; but their abundance in the mountains is clear evidence of overgrazing or other abuse of the land.

People in the valley below can hardly maintain that they have not abused, or permitted the abuse of, the land that is covered by plants that indicate overgrazing or fire. In the valleys the abandonment

of any land that has been cultivated is sure to be followed by a crop of thorns and thistles; yet there may not have been either overgraz-

ing or fires. But wherever these plant signs of overgrazing occur in

the mountains, the people in the valley below can hardly maintain that their mountain land has not been abused.

What can we do with these pests? Simply destroy them. Nettles can be crushed and laid low by stepping upon them near the

base. Thistles must be cut off, preferably below the soil. Brome

NATIVE PLANTS AS FRIENDS AND FOES 1039

grass, squirreltail, and sandbur grass may be burned. Ragweeds,

stickseeds, horehound, coneflower, may be pulled up by hand.

Prickly lettuce should be cut down. If campers would cooperate,

each doing his bit, mountain camps and trails would soon be restored to their former natural conditions, freed from prickly and stinging weeds, and covered with the interesting vegetation of the region.

IX. Present specimens of any ten of the following:

Camper's Plagues and Signs of Overgrazing or Fire

Name How to Eradicate Name How to Eradicate

Sticksced Forgetme- Pull up; burn. Stinging Nettle. Tread down.

not. Prickly Lettuce. Cut; hoc.

Ascending Sticksced. Pull up; burn. Sweet Cicely. Cut; hoe.

Western Coneflower. Pull up; burn. Horehound. Pull up; burn.

Sand bur Grass Hoe up; burn. Armed Ragweed. Pull up; burn.

Small Brome Grass. Hoe up; burn. Unarmed Ragweed Pull up; burn.

Squirreltail Grass. Hoe up; burn. Cocklebur. Pull up; burn.

Bull Thistle. Chop off below Burdock. Chop root; burn.

soil. Mallow. Chop root; burn.

Canadian Thistle. Cut, bury, burn. Torch Weed. Pull up; burn.

Other Thistles. Hoe up; mow Erect Knotweed. Pull up; burn.

Each of the foregoing weeds, either well known or described herein, is a sign of nature's effort to clothe her re nakedness—to

cover overgrazed, or fireswept, or floodswept land. Any of these

will soon recover lands that have been denuded by snowslide, flood, overgrazing, or fire.

Fine Species That Cover Bare Land

False Hellebore, a tall, straight, heavystemmed plant with alternate, parallelveined leaves in the form of boats or cups that hold water next to the stem, and with a mass of greenishwhite flowers at the top, is also a sign of overgrazing, but need not be exterminated.

It may grow in close formation, resembling Indian corn, elegant and an interesting giant lily.imposing—just Horse Dock (Wyethia), a low herb with large, shining, deepgreen, entire or finely toothed leaves lanceshape in outline, and with

stems 12 to 18 inches high bearing large sunflower blossoms two or three inches is also a sign of overgrazing. It need not be across—

exterminated, horses like it, and it is handsome. I prefer to call it

Rosin Leaf because of its gummy content. It is distinguished from

the similar, earlierflowering Balsam Roots ( Balsamorrhiza ) by the densely white, silky covering of the leaves of the latter. Both are

ornamental, deserving a place in gardens.

1040 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Tall Iva, the velvetleaf, (Iva xanthifolia) is a sort of blossomless sunflower, two to four feet high, with large ovate leaves very smooth above; it has minute greenish curls for flowers, which,

filled with pollen, induce hay fever. It sometimes follows overgrazing and is common in the valleys.

Daisy Fleabane (Erigeron ramosus) an erect, slender weed one to two feet high, branching at the top like a tree, and with minute, daisylike, whitish flowers and much silky pappus, follows overgrazing and probably induces hay fever; it is more common in

fallow fields.

Torch Weed (see the author's Farm Friends and Spring Flowers) is a foot high, with threadlike branches and little yellow star flowers. It is of unusual interest and unique in elegance.

Moonlight and Silver Stars

Moonlight and silver stars, O'er head the summer sky.

Branches like phantom bars, Softly the night winds sigh.

On the deep river's breast, Ruffled by current swift.

Welcome, thou heavenly guest;

Ripples by moonbeams kissed.

Sweetly the nightbird trills Sharp on the quiv'ring air, With gladsome lightness fills All the creation, fair.

Night is the dearest time, Naught her perfection mars;

Bright shine, in ev'ry clime.

Moonlight and silver stars.

Sen Jose, Calif. ALICE MAUDE SCHUTTE

A Short Story of Rice Culture By John Q. Adams

As we leave the city of Honolulu bedrawing a flimsy wooden pronged stick hind, and traverse the beautiful Nuuanu through deep, quivering mud, for rice valley, we come within a half dozen miles thrives best in a slough habitation. The

to an elevation of coolness1 and wonderful scantilyclad owner is jerked from side to scenery, culminating at the famous Pali. side as he succeeds in extricating in turn

a high, narrow mountain pass where old each foot from the slimy quagmire. Oftenwarrior Kamehameha more than a hundred times he is mudplastered to the waist.

years ago met an opposing force, fought a Sometimes the plowing is done with several grim battle at the edge of a tremendous inches of water covering the mud, and then cliff, and cast enough of his opponents we wonder at the plowman's ability to down this to insure peace overtures'from follow the last scratch made. Possibly

the remainder. From this vantage point, he and the carabao have sufficiently deone may gaze at the most entrancing sea veloped the sense of touch not to be under

and land view to be had. Clinging perilthe necessity of depending upon that of

ously to the frowning face of the sheer sight, only. But the silt retains its richcliff, a winding road takes you to the lowness.

lands on Oahu's windward shore, and for Then the planting! The seed has

miles one winds along among banana previously been sprouted in a bed to a plants, taro "lois."rice fields and other height of about six inches. This is lifted

and varied Garden of Eden plots. As our out by the handful, the tops clipped, and

subject is rice, we shall pass up all else, each separate stalk stuck in the mud and and hold to our topic. spaced exactly as our grain is sown—rows

At Kaneohe village, a quaint cluster of just wide enough to admit the small Ori

Oriental huts, we emerge upon a lovely ental foot betwixt, and the stalks an inch setting which is very striking to the newor so apart. The rows are kept trim and

comer. We see tiny squares of bogland straight, but the progress of transplanting.

sustaining a luxurious growth of what we as may be surmised, is painfully slow, but take to be grain, which it closely resembles. perfectly efficient. Within a few weeks the

From each separate tiny stock develops a slough is a solid field of waving green, and head of white kernels, the aggregate wherfor a couple or three months now the lot ever rice is grown forming the staff of life of the planter is an easy one.

for more than half the inhabitants of the With the appearance of the heads, howearth. Just now it has turned brown and ever, he leads a hectic life. He is distracted

stands ready for the reaper (sickle). Twice by the coming of flocks of the diminutive

each year is the process of planting and ricebird, as well as the depredations of the a omnipresent sparrow. These proceed togarnering repeated in Hawaii—truly

fruitful land and crop. make it a dawnto-dusk battle of wits as

We of the States think of grain, gang to who shall do the harvesting. Some

plows, drills and combined harvesters as times honors are about equally shared, but associated together in natural sequence. generally the more intelligent mind of the

Here the rice is grown without any of man 'insures his triumph. Both are fightthese assistants. We see employed the paing for bread, and the owner brings

tient, plodding handmethods in vogue strategy into play. In the center of his

from biblical days until now. field he erects a small platform, say five

A dunhued carabao, rollingfat, with feet in height, over which he stretches a horns widely sweeping towards its shoulpiece of canvas against sun and rain. From

ders, can now and then be seen demurely this crude central radiate a number of wires 1042 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to all parts of the field, on the end of each week in one place four scraggy ponies tied a bell or kerosene can containing a few together with a rope, stepping warily over rocks. From his vantage point on the uneven bundles, as one Chinese stood in

platform he watches all day, and, at the the center holding the rope, and another appearance of birds in any part of his cracked a whip over the backs of the domain, he simply jerks the wire leading to horses, and two more Chinese were stirring the invaded sector, and a great noise frightup the straw with twopronged forks. In

ens the puzzled birds! He also sets up, all the friendly tradewind the chaff is cleared

over the field, some of the most hideous away, and then the rice is said to be in the scarecrows imaginable, and, as these mon- "paddy."It is a golden brown in its last

sters flutter and wriggle and signal and husk, which is not further molested until gesture, small wonder it is that the feathit gets to the mill later on.

ered vandals view the menace from faroff now scraped into small ridges ontrees. Or, as is more frequently the custom, It is

the cement floor, and sunned and dried, the owner, shouldering an ancient muzzlebeing churned about constantly to make the loader, walks about his field all day as a drying thorough. Suppose at this stagesentinel upon the dikes, and time after time a dark cloud appears to windward. Thewe have watched him level his noisy but man in charge always has his eye on theharmless musket, seen the puff of white,

weather, and with the first indication ofheard the sharp report, and away with a an apporachnig shower, he sounds the whirr has gone the flock of ricebirds.

He carries his powder flask, and full set of alarm, and several men rush to his aid By shovel, hoe or a board used as a scraperreloading apparatus along, so in a moment and horsedrawn, the layer is quicklyis going again, ready for the next sortie.

heaped into a golden pyramid, and covered

Eternal vigilance is the price of rice, as well as liberty; so the man wins. with a big tarpaulin. It may be only a

As the straw takes on the dull brown, passing dash of Hawaii's "liquid sunshine."

betokening maturity, along comes the or it may be a prolonged heavy fall of sickle brigade of two or three neighbors rain but no chance is taken, for frequent working conveniently together, and the soaking would spoil the grain. And, as

bunches are bound by hand with a few this drying process goes on, chickens wanstraws, as our ancestors used to do it. It is der on the scene, quite overcome at man's

not left long in the shock, as there is too generosity in laying out such a banquet much rain here, and the field is too wet, for them. They are suddenly bidden to

so it is carried by hand generally, to the beat a hasty retreat by a long whip crackthreshing floor. Many of these are by the ing sharply overhead. Some of the fowls

side of the main highway of Oahu, so one get too accustomed to this to be bluffed, so can watch the proceedings from the car are pushed away.

as one drives along. A cement floor about Finally, the patient rice grower, having

thirty feet square, with its sides raised a fought his way through all these obstacles, few inches, receives possibly 100 bundles. sees the few dollars which are his compenOver this horses are driven in a circle as sation, and we inquisitive Occidentals see

in horsepower days. Just now thresh- a most interesting bit of life transplanted

ing is going on all over, and we saw this from the Orient.—Laie, Oahu, T. H.

Take care of your habits and your health will take care of itself.

Cheerfulness is the bravery born of wisdom.

Persons with narrow minds are not responsible for the words they utter in fits of anger. Broadminded people seldom give way to anger.

The person with a dwarfed brain should never be censured—it—Dorothy isC.a Retsloff.case for pity

Appreciation By Wm. A. Morton

This story was told me by a young I had only twentyfive cents. I was a

married woman one evening as we sat in stranger in the city, and did not know the depot at Cache Junction, waiting for what to do nor where to go. I walked up

our train. the street until I came to the Eagle Gate.

After we had talked for some time about I stopped there, and stood looking at the different things, the young woman said to people going to their work How happy mc: "There is one man in this world they all seemed! And Oh, how miserable

that I shall never forget."I felt! No one spoke to me; in fact, no

to notice one seemed me. How long I "And who might he be?"I asked.

there I stood not know. do

"President Joseph F. Smith."was the

"I was almosit ready to cry. when theanswer. Then she went on: "He helped door of the Beehive House opened and

me once, and every time I think of his President Smith came out. I knew him,

feel verykind act—which I do often—I but he did not know me. I had never

grateful to him."

spoken to him. He looked at me as he

"Would you mind telling me about it?"passed. He had gone but a few steps whenI asked—"about the kind act which you he stopped, came back, and looking down

have remembered so long, and for which into my face said, 'What is the matter, you feel so thankful?"my girl? You seem to be in trouble?'

Then she told me the story, little think- "He listened to me like my own father ing that some day, it would be told to while I told him my story. Then he

about fifty thousand Religion Class chilsaid. 'Well, daughter, come with me.'He

dren, in order to teach them the lesson of took me to his home, and presenting me

Gratitude. to his wife said, 'Here is a poor, friendless

"When I was a girl,"said the lady. "I girl. Take care of her till she gets a good

decided to go to Salt Lake City, in order place to work.'

to find employment, so that I might be "I was taken into the house of the able to buy my own clothes, and other President, and was treated with much things that I needed, and thus help my kindness. In a short time I found a good

parents, who were not very well off. situation."

"In Salt Lake I got work as a maid in Just then the train whistled, and as the a hotel; but I did not like the place, and good woman picked up her baby she said.

after staying there a short time I decided "No. I shall never forget President Joto leave. The morning I left the hotel seph F. Smith."

As a Man Thinketh You must stand soldierlike at the door of your mind.

There are thoughts that must not enter in;

Envy and malice and hatred and greed.

Many more that are deadly, are sin.

When the seed of deep hate in the mind is once sown.

Few flowers> of pure love will then grow.

For thoughts are real things and you will soon find.

That the harvest will be as you sow.

Ah. beware, lest they find you asleep at your post,

Like a thief they slip in unawares,

Rob you of treasures more precious than gold:

God will help you. will answer your prayers.

Raymond, Canada Helen Kimball Orgill

Messages from the Missions The Growth of the South African Mission

By President Samuel Martin This is a subject which lies very near to charge of Elder Joseph R. Humphreys,

my heart, as it was in this country that I emigrated to Zion from Port Elizabeth heard the name "Mormon"for the first on the ship Alacrity.

time. In March, 1863, a company of fifteen

Missionary activities in South Africa emigrating Saints left Port Elizabeth were commenced bound for Zion. A

when Elders Jesse few days later a

Haven, Leonard I. company of thirty

Smith and William left by the barque.

H. Walker arrived Henry Ellis, in

on April 19, charge of Elders 1853. Robert Grand and

By June 15, John Stock, local Elder Leonard I. elders.

Smith baptized Elders FothcringHenry Stringer and ham, Dixon and within six months Talbot remained in the elders had bapCape Colony until tized fortyfive perthe spring of 1864.

sons, organized two achieving considerbranches, and blessed able success.

a number of chilIn 1866, the last dren. of the elders sailed

February, 1854, for Zion, leaving the a branch was organmission in charge of ized at Beaufort by the local brethren.

William H. Walker. It was on July

Later a branch was 25, 1903. nearly

organized at Port forty years later,

Elizabeth under the when Elders Warren direction of Elder H. Lyons. Wm. R.

Leonard I. Smith. Smith. Thomas L.

I n November, Griffith and George 1855, two of the A. Simpkins arrived

members, Charles President Samuel Martin to reopen the misRoper and John sion and to their

Stock, purchased the ship Unity, in great joy found a few members still living order to furnish a number of emigrants and bearing faithful testimony.

with steerage accommodation for Zion. Elder George Buck, the local brother

In 185 7, Elder Ebenezer C. Richardwho had been left in charge of the Mowson, accompanied by Elder James Brooks, bray branch, was its sole survivor, nearly

was sent from the British mission to preninety years of age, but full of zeal and side over the "Cape of Good Hope mistestimony of the truth of the restored plan, sion."One year and three months later it was

In March. 1859, thirty Saints, in my privilege to be the first to apply for

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 1045

baptism; and with Thomas Sawyer of presidents, namely: Warren H. Lyons,

Claremont, I was baptized in Table Bay Ralph A. Badger, Henry L. Steed, Brigand confirmed a member in the Church ham H. Hendricks, Frank J. Hewlett.

of Jesus Christ by Elder Warren H. Lyons. Nicholas G. Smith, and James Wyley

The following month I was ordained to Sessions.

the office of a priest and encouraged to In 1919, the South African Government take an active part with the elders. decided to forbid elders of the Church of

Our membership increased very conJesus Christ to do missionary work in the siderably the following year, and the elders Union of South Africa; therefore, during

were able to rent a hall and organize a the latter part of President Nicholas G.

Sunday School, giving us all great opporSmith's mission and at the beginning of tunities for development and growth. President J. Wyley Sessions'term South

Since that time many have emigrated to Africa was without elders; and for nearly

Zion, among whom were the author of two years the branch presidents were the these lines and his family, in 1916. We ever faithful standbys, conducting and

settled in Ogden, where I was called to carrying on the work at Mowbray, Kimpreside over the Y. M. M. I. A. of the berley, Bloemfontein, Johannesburg, and

Sixth ward. Later the Thirteenth ward Port Elizabeth, while the mission presiwas organized with J. H. Jenkins as dent visited the several districts.

bishop and I was called to be his first President Nicholas G. Smith, together

counselor, in which capacity I served for with his wife and three sons, spent nearly eight and a half years. after which I was seven and a half years as president of the

called to work on the high council in the South African mission. During his presiOgden stake until April, 1926, when I, dency the Mowbray property was puraccompanied by my wife and three youngchased by the Church as a mission home.

est sons, was honored with a call to reto which was added a small meeting house turn to South Africa as successor to Presito accommodate about one hundred, and dent James Wyley Sessions. named "Cumorah."

The work has continued to grow under In March, 1921, President Nicholas the supervision of the successive mission G. Smith was succeeded by President

"Cumorah."Mowbray—Mission Headquarters

1046 IMPROVEMENT ERA

James Wyley Sessions. growth in membership during the past

President Sessions soon set to work to twentyfour years, our active membership gain the ear of the South African Governis not large, owing to so many having left ment and successfully negotiated the refor Zion whenever their financial condinewal of Christian ministers'rights to tions permitted. Others have removed

preach the Gospel. In granting these from the branches to outlying districts and

rights, however, the Latterday Saints were become lost to the elders, and being shut limited to a quota of twentyfive missionoff from the Church activities I fear many aries. He also obtained ministerial confound an unsympathetic world too much

cessions on the government railways. for their faith.

During the presidency of James Wyley I am persuaded that the South African

Sessions the Church purchased a property mission comprises a larger territory than in Johannesburg and built a very pleasant any other single mission of the Church.

meeting house with a seating capacity for When we combine Northern and Southern one hundred and fifty, and accommodaRhodesia, and Southwest Africa to the tions for four elders. Union of South Africa, we have an area

Since my arrival, on June 22, 1926, of over one million square miles and we

'Ramah,"L. D S. chapel at Johannesburg

I am grateful to report a very steady and have members scattered throughout.

pleasing growth. I visited Kabrib, Southwest Africa, in

In June, 1927, with the very able April, 1927, and ordained Brother Lawassistance of Mission Secretary Leo rence C. Ratcliff to the office of an elder

R. Jenson, I commenced the publication of and encouraged him to invite his friends

the Cumorah Monthly Bulletin, which and hold cottage meetings in his home.

has been a source of great help and blessSince that time he has baptized three souls.

ing to Saints and friends; resuscitating quite At the same time I ordained Brother

a lively interest among many who were Ratcliff, I ordained his stepson, Bertram out of touch with the mission. J. Glynn, to the office of an elder and

Much prejudice seems to have been reset him apart for missionary labors with moved and the public press has1 been very our elders in the South African Union.

fair and kind in publishing interviews from He is doing splendid work.

time to time, besides requesting certain Last March I took a trip up into Southarticles from the elders and myself. ern Rhodesia, accompanied by District

Although there has been a constant President Marion L. Allred. We baptized

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 1047

the two sons of Brother Walter Taylor thousand inhabitants which have only

Jubber; these brethren had not seen an been casually tracted by elders passing

elder for years. through.

brethren local who few very have We is counbeautiful a very Africa South

In the a son to support able financially are gladly hospitable are andtry. people The the a: have field; however, we mission elders. the traveling to kindnessesextend

present time two elders. Bertram J. Glynn,

In the Union of South Africa we have previously mentioned, and Albert Ed'.vard

an area of 472.347 square miles, and a Hughes, son of Sister and Mr. Donald

white population of (about) 1,300,000; Hughes of Johannesburg. Both these

about 600,000 colored, besides nearly young men are doing a splendid work and 4,000,000 of the negro races. giving great joy to their parents.

Southwest Africa has a white populaOur missionary labors for 1927, with tion of about 15,000; Southern Rhodesia an average of twenty elders, was produchas a white population of nearly 50.000. tive of much good. Our records show

many of whom are centered in Bulawayo that we visited (not tracting) 15.5 74

and Salisbury, where we could use six families of investigators; we held 17,420

elders. gospel conversations; sold 332 Books of

Owing to the small number of elders Mormon and 298 standard works ind in the South African mission, and disother books; 6,742 pamphlets (over sixtances being so great, we are unable to teen pages) were distributed; 3 9,241

open up more than seven districts, namely: tracts were distributed: we held 2.74 1

Mowbray. Kimberly, Bloemfontein. Johanmeetings; baptized thirtyfour converts

nesburg. Natal. East London, and Port and blessed twentyone children.

Elizabeth. This year we have already sold more

We have two elders in Mowbray district Books of Mormon and have baptized more for a white population of 200.000; two people than all of last year.

elders in Kimberly district for a white Our elders are working with a zeal and population of 19,000; two elders in the determination to prove that the South

Bloemfontein district for a white populaAfrican mission is worth all that it costs tion of 20.000; four elders in the Johanthe people of Zion to send missionaries

nesburg district for a white population of to this faroff land.

200,000; two elders in Durban, Natal, That it is a mission worth the sacrifice

district for a white population of 55,000: it calls for is manifested by the earnest

two elders in East London district for a endeavors of our elders, and we earnestly white population of 22.000: and two pray that the time is not far distant when

elders in Port Elizabeth district for a we may extend our activities to the many white population of 30,000. towns where only passing visits have been

We could use with success six elders in made, that South Africa from Cape Town

Southwest Africa, six elders in Southern to the Zambezi may rejoice in the liberal

Rhodesia, and fifty in the Union of South knowledge of our glorious message, and

Africa, whereas we have nineteen includfor this purpose we humbly pray God to ing Sister Martin. send us more laborers to this great conSouth Africa has many towns of several tinent.

Dr. F. W. Gunsaulus. former president of the Armour Institute. Chicago, as an

educator, made this statement: "I do not believe there is an agency more destructive

of soul, mind and body, or more subversive of good morals than the cigarette. The

fight against the cigarette is a fight for civilization."

1048 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Armenian Mission

By President Joseph W. Booth

Among the twentyseven missions of sion is bounded by the South African the Church, the Armenian mission is the mission in that faraway field, then we paradoxical conundrum of them all. can claim all of Eastern Africa north of

What is there so peculiar about it? the equator. Again, on our southeast,

Stop, look, and listen! Eightyseven years we have the Australian mission meeting

ago, Oct. 24, 1841, that almost matchus far beyond the borders of Arabia and

less prayer of AposIndia; and now that

tle Orson Hyde was the Japanese Mission offered on the is closed we must

Mount of Olives. hark away to SaThat might be moa, Hawaii, and

counted as the conAlaska to find our ception of our miseastern boundary.

sion work in the So there falls to this

Orient. Since then little mission more

we have had seven than twentyone apostles in our million square miles midst, about forty of field work.

missionaries, and Granting us, now, some twenty visitors, these mentioned in all averaging less boundaries we have than one person a more than onehalf year from Zion. the population of

We have now the world to look only one branch after, and were we, and, I think, fewer the two present mismembers than sionaries, to take an any other mission in airship today, and the world; yet we fly, day and night,

have almost as many over this vast field square miles in our President Joseph W. Booth and cover every

unbounded territory square mile at the seventeen years in theas all the other misWho has spent rate of 100 miles an field. mission

sions put together. hour, throwing

Of course you will down 70 printed demand some proof for such a statement. messages every minute, that each perWell, on the west, our nearest neighson might get a single tract, it would take

bors in the ministry are the French misus twentyfour years to make that one big sion and the GermanAustrian mission, visit.

and to them we must concede most of the Our past and present status may be eastern part of Europe, although Greece briefly told by counting up to ten; thu9:

has been ours for a long time. Inasmuch One lady missionary, two workers in the

as there are no missions to the north of field today, three cities have served as our us our boundary in that direction lies in headquarters, four elders have died in the boreal beds of ice, and hence includes all field, five nationalities have been baptized,

Asiatic Russia. And if the Armenian missix languages are needed to teach them,

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 1049

seven apostles have been here, eight cties over the sands in quiet, peaceful sleep, now claim one or more of our members, along the way where 'Joseph and Mary and nine out of ten are in poverty. and the young Child'went on their jourWe are known as the Armenian misney from Egypt 'into the Land of Israel.'

sion, and here again, the paradox. The The night was a most beautiful one as

name is too big, and too little. If we I started, and again just before the dawn

are to reach all the Armenian race we must of day, as I looked out of the train winlikely trespass upon the field of every dow, the eastern sky was a scene of other mission in the world, for the Artranscendent beauty.

menians, like the Jews, are scattered among "All the planets, except Uranus, wen.

all nations, and yet they do not form a morning stars. Neptune was invisible,

tenth part of the population of even our Mercury but a tiny twinkler, Saturn and present scenes of activity in Syria and Mars only ordinary objects among the

Palestine. Although 95 r; of our recorded thousands of worlds of the universe, but

membership in all these years are ArmeJupiter and Venus were brilliant as nians, yet the name is not altogethci apdiamonds on the blue robes of a royal propriate for the best interest of the misbride. Sirius, Orion, and the Pleiades were

sion. farther along in their western march, but

Most of my readers will remember the did their best to embellish that scene of worldround mission visits of Elder night as the entrancing picture arched over

David O. McKay and Elder Hugh J. Canthe stillness of the Holy Land, where only

non in 192021. They had been travelforty hours ago a scene of blood and riot

ing for nearly a year and had visited the occurred in ignorant protest against the

Pacific Islands, New Zealand, Australia, coming of the Jews.

Japan, China, India, Egypt, and were on "We passed on through Gaza early, and their homeward journey toward Europe then on up through the plains and fields and America. The writer had left Utah of the old Philistines, and by 9 a. m.

in September, not informed 1921, and was the junction the we were in Ludd, of as elders these to the itinerary of 1, except JaffaJerusalem road. ticket was My

that they had been instructed to visit the direct for Haifa, and, as I was anxious to twelveyear-shepherdless flock in Syria. get on my way, I had no special desire

Where were these brethren? On this this time to visit the Holy City. The train

point I was as ignorant as they were waited for a half hour, during which time of my whereabouts. Fervent prayers I looked for, and longed to meet Elders

were offered daily to the Lord, in David O. McKay and Hugh J. Canwhose service we were, that somehow, in non, who have been traveling around

his infinite wisdom, we all might meet; the world visiting the missions and the

and of course Palestine was the most deschools of the L. D. S. Church, but I was

sirable place in all the world for that meetdisappointed in not meeting them there.

ing, but how unlikely amid a million chances! "On the train went, and I still looked

out of the windows studying the land of

I had met with a prolonged delay in Palestine and talking to a little Jewish

Italy, and then after a brief call to visit girl who came and sat with me and told the Saints in Athens. Greece, I proceeded me a lot of her troubles. She was on her

to Alexandria, and thence by rail across way to Haifa in search of work. About

the Delta, to the bridge at Kantara, where 12:30, the train stopped. I carried my

I made a midnight change of trains, and satchels into the baggage room and left then passed on toward the Holy Land. them there a moment while I looked

I shall not soon forget that morning of around to inquire whether a ship was in

November 4. Let my diary of that the harbor bound for Beirut, and turning

date tell its own story: about, lo! I was face to face with the very

"Soon after midnight I was gliding men whom I have hoped and prayed and 1050 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Charles Tuesher, Henry Tuesher, Loylonged to meet—Brothers McKay and

Cannon. They came on the same train Woods, Joseph F. Thorup, William A.

from Ludd, passed within a few feet of Budge, I. Owen Horsfall, John D.

me there, but we did not see each other. Stephenson, Joseph O. Phelps, Emil J.

We were each just ready to leave for Huber (died in the field), Don C. Lovedifferent hotels, and two minutes time land, R. L. Dunkley, and Elders Clayton

would likely have separated us altogether. and McAllister. This list also is from

We all thanked the Lord for that pleasmemory of twenty years ago, and apology ant meeting."is offered for incompleteness.

That afternoon and night we made an From October 1, 1909, until Novemauto ride to Beirut. The next night we ber 6, 1921, there were no elders from

had crossed the Lebanon mountains, and Zion, and the local Saints were put to a feasted, enroute, on the luscious clusters test of their faith and endurance while the from the vineyards of the Valley of horrors of war and of deportation mad*

Leontes, and slept at Baalbek, where the havoc of the Armenian people in general.

grand ruins of those ancient temples jre Up to this lastnamed date we were under still defying the penman to tell their comthe name of the Turkish mission, but out plete story. Another day's ride, November of the respect to the disrespect we had for

6, brought us to the City of Aleppo, tyranny, the name wa9 changed to the in Northern Syria. present one.

That was the beginning of work in The story of how the surviving memthe third epoch in the history of this bers of the old Turkish mission were mission. rescued from their frightful conditions in

It was closed the first time about 1895, Aintab, in December, 1921, is ever fresh and the elders called away on account of in the minds of the Saints here today, for that terrible massacre of 50,000 Armenians they still celebrate yearly, the days of their at that time. Prominent among the marvelous deliverance. The Church

workers of the first period were: F. F. records, the prize stories, and the printed

Hintze, Jacob Spori, J. M. Tanner, F. M. articles of that event are everready witLyman, Jr., James Clove, E. S. Robinson, nesses of the manifestation of God's power

Adolf Haag, Don C. Musser, John A. and goodness to us on that occasion.

Clark, Edgar D. Simmons (the three last June 1, 1922, was a memorable day fot

named died in the field), and Elders the Armenian mission. Elder Owen W.

Diterli, Christiansen, and Fred Huish. I Woodruff was our guest at Aleppo, and a

have not the records at hand so the list baptismal service was held at the Jenge may be incomplete. Gardens, when seventythree souls were

The second term began with the call immersed in water. On July 4 some

of Elder A. H. Lund, F. F. Hintze, twentyfive more were baptized, and since

Philip S. Maycock and A. L. Larson, to then, on various occasions nearly one hunopen up the mission again in 189 7-8, and dred additional members have accepted the

with unabated zeal the work continued Gospel ordinances. Our last official aduntil, following another sanguinary attack ditions of record, the blessing of two

on the helpless Christians in 1909, the children at Aleppo, last Fast day, made

Church again saw fit to close the mission the grand total of 238, but with deaths, and leave the work with local elders. Durexcommunications, etc., we number today

ing that twelveyear period, in addition about 190.

to the four men just named, were the Your humble servant has had the pleasfollowing missionaries: Joseph W. Booth ure and honor of seventeen years total in

and wife, Mary R. Booth; J. Alma Holdthe mission field. The task at times has

away, Thomas P. Page, Albert Herman, been a difficult one—almost like trying

Lester W. Mangum, Reno W. Vance, John to tear away old Timpanogos with a

T. Woodbury, S. Burton Newman, Mischa tooth brush while a man with a team and

Markow, Joseph Shepherd Tuesher, scraper endeavors to pile it up again.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 105

Elder Earl B. Sncll came to the rescue Ghazarian, the very touching drama.

during 1923, and valiantly assisted in the "Moroni,"or "Where is the Truth?"de

work from April until December. Then picting the angel delivering the plates to

in January, 1924, President David O. Mcthe Prophet Joseph Smith, was presented

Kay and wife, of the European mission, three nights to large audiences.

came and presented this lonely missionary The Relief Society, the Sunday School with a helpmeet in the person of his and the M. I. A., have all made great

equally lonely wife, Sister Mary R. Booth, strides forward, but with it all some indiand she is with us unto this day. vidual members have made lamentable

In the last seven years we have had backslips. We challenge the world to proonly four adult deaths, but the infant duce a more patient and excellent set of

mortality has been higher. Our birth peacemakers than our members here. They

rate during the past eighteen months has excel simply because they have such unRAILWAY STATION IN HAIFA. PALESTINE, AT THE BACE OF MT. CARMEL. WHERE PRESIDENT

BOOTH MET ELDER DAVID O. MCKAY. OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

been phenomenal—70 to the year for limited opportunities for practice among

1000; and without controversy we claim this quarrelsome people.

the prize for pulchritude among these little Parents here want to marry their girls children. They get more kisses and more off while they are yet children—from 12

cuffs to the square hour than "kiddies"to 15 years old; but they count it a

really need. great shame for a man to kiss his own

Our little colony has made some wonwife at or after marriage. Is that a parderful "hits"in drama work. The oradox? Recently a tenyear-old Jewess

iginal play. "Nephi,"drew a crowd of was sold here for thirty pounds to a

1000 people the first night, and was reMohammedan, who married her before the peated twice thereafter. Later, with the government officials could reach the place

able assistance of Professor Antreas der to stop it.

1052 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Our mission headquarters are now in Zion in 202 days, so you may be sure of

Haifa, Palestine. We hope to have a a warm welcome if you come to do misbranch organized in Damascus soon, and sionary work. Our few visitors at headone in Beirut also. quarters have been, besides those already

The Book of Mormon, in limited numnamed: Wm. E. Allen. Senator Wm. H.

bers, is with us in English, Turkish, King, Sterling B. Taylor, R. F. Beames,

French and German, and the same volume James M. Armstrong, Dr. F. S. Harris

in manuscript form is translated and and President James E. Talmage.

awaiting publication in Armenian, OsLast October the latter sent a cablemanli, Greek and Hebrew. There is an gram from Haifa to Salt Lake City, which

urgent need for some of these right now, read: "Six missionaries for Palestine,"

and we have just received this consoling as well as in Arabic, into which the reply, "You may think we have forgottenBook of Mormon has not yet been transyou, but we have not."And so with

lated. such assurance, I paraphrase the exclamaNow just a word in closing. Besides tion of a loyal soldier: "In heaven's

Sister Booth and Elder Snell, the writer, name who would not proselyte for such since he left London, October 2, 1921, cause, where the harvest is so great and has seen on an average only one face from the laborers are so few?"

The South American Mission By President Reinhold Stoof It has seldom been easy to introduce mission. A few days after their arrival

the Gospel into a new country. Most they had the privilege of baptizing six

of the usual and many unusual difficulties friends, who were converted to the reconfronted Melvin J. Ballard, of the Counstored Gospel by the labors of the German

cil of the Twelve. Rulon S. Wells and brethren and sisters. All these converts

Rey L. Pratt, of the First Council of were of German descent.

Seventy, upon their On Christmas day, arrival as mission1925, after a solemn aries in Buenos Aires, service in the Park 3 December 6, 1925.

Two German brethde Febrero, Elder

Melvin J. Ballard ren, Wilhelm Friedrichs and Emil dedicated the great

Hoppe. together South American conwith their good tinent for the preachwives, had worked ing of the Gospel of

diligently to spread Jesus Christ.

the truth in their A serious sickness adopted country and caused Elder Rulon had succeeded in S. Wells to leave for

gaining a few Utah on the 14th of friends. Their apJanuary, 1926, but

peal, sent from the MlSSIONARIES OF SOUTH AMERICA Brothers Ballard and shores of the La Pratt worked many

Plata river, "Come over and help us,"months in hard labor and in the midst of was heard by the authorities in Utah, and great discouragements, and saw at the end the three named brethren were sent of their missionary activities, on the 23rd their departofficially to open the South American of July, 1926,—the day of

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 1053

established work: Argentine, seven of Italian, five of Spanure for Zion—a well

therefore, the new missionaries from headish, one of Irish, and one of Yugoslavian quarters, who arrived in June, 1926, nationality.

found a good beginning for their labors. We have a small group of finespirited

Hard labor in a new soil! Many, very missionaries. Not only their work, but

many weeds in it! But, fortunately, weeds also their personality has paved and will

serve a good purpose. They keep the pave the way for many an honest soul to

gardener's back lithe and will not allow come into the Church. We extend a hearty

him the luxury of resting too much. There welcome to all missionaries who will join

are plenty of weeds to remove in this field us in our labors. We need them. There

before our gardeners can reach good soil. is so much work before us that it oftenOne finds but little prejudice against our times frightens: us. First we want to build

Church; but ignorance of the Bible and up here in the Argentine capital a strong

indifference in religious matters are the and flourishing organization. In the

main obstacles which must be overcome. near future we want to establish a mission

Neither must one forget that 32% of the among the big German colonies in Southpopulation are illiterates in Argentina and ern Brazil. And, then, we have another

that a Bibie is very seldom found in a very important duty to fulfil.

house. I am not sending my picture, as reBut the missionaries were soon to disquested. Instead I am sending a picture

cover that among the Latin people as of our faithful missionaries, in whose many good and honest souls are to be hearts the Lord has planted a burning defound as among the peoples of Europe. We sire to work for the salvation of their

can be and are proud of our members fellowmen. They followed willingly the

here, both Latin and European; they fulcall into the new and unknown land, the

fil their obligations'faithfully. newest field of labor in the Lord's great

Because of the obstacles already menvineyard. In the power and authority

tioned we cannot expect to make rapid of Him who called them into His service progress in the South American mission: they are striving to build a solid foundabut we do believe that here. too. every tion for a flourishing mission.

faithful missionary will reap the fruits of All hail to them who help our mishis diligent labors and will richly enjoy sionaries to perform their important duties.

the blessings of our Heavenly Father in Our hearts are filled with gratitude for his work. them. We all feel with our fellowmis-

There were six members here before the sionary, Elder Heber Milton Clegg. who

mission in South America was opened. expressed his gratitude in the following

Since that time, including the six converts poem:

efforts the through were foundwho of WE were members, and who the two German baptized immediately after the arrival of The work done in the mission field will

Elder Ballard, we have had thirtybring a large reward, nine baptisms. Nearly half of this numAssistance rendered one poor soul is noticed

ber were baptized during the last five by our Lord;

months. Considering the hard soil in A missionary's recompense is joy on

which we labor, we believe this to be heaven's side, good progress. And then because he did his share that

The whole mission consists now of joy is justified.

sixtyfive members; five of whom live in

Southern Brazil, and one in the Chaco, an And what about the mother, with her

Argentine province. Thirteen blest chilmission, far away.

dren are included in the membership. Who reared that boy for God's great call,

Thirtyone are of German, twenty of inspiring him each day;

1054 IMPROVEMENT ERA

MERLIN STOOF. YOUNGEST SOUTH AMERICAN MISSIONARY

Who now prepares her younger sons that We can't all tract and talk and preach they, too, might fulfil there're other things to do,

The chance that's sure to come to preach, The mission is abroad and home, each does from housetop and from hill? his part, is true.

O mother, father, sister, brother, sweetAnd what about the father, who much heart, and friends too, is for not The recompense one—you must more than does his share, say "we,"not "you."

Who works and makes a sacrifice to keep his son out there; Brother Ballard implored in his prayer

Who tries to spare him anything that of dedication the blessings of the Almighty might discomfort give, God upon the descendants of Lehi, the

And helps him with advice and love a Indians of this continent. Millions of

better life to live? them live here, downtrodden, in a state

of semislavery. The Gospel of Jesus

Christ will redeem them from much of

His brothers and his sisters go without their misery. We are anxiously looking

what they have had. forward for that day when this great work

It means more patches, fewer shows; yet will begin. This labor will truly be, in

they are all so glad every respect, a Savior's work. Youth of

To do their bes>t to help the work out Zion, here is something that should apwhere their brother is peal to you! Come with all your talents

That ne'er a hint of cares at home are and power, where the hardest problems are spoken of as "his."to be solved, right here in SOUTH

AMERICA!

"When you read the revelations, or when you hear the will of the Lord concerning you, for your own sakes never receive that with a doubtful heart."- Brigham Young.

DITO

A Forgotten Voice Barely four score years have passed since able to communicate with the inhabitants

Samuel F. B. Morse sent over the telegraph of Mars. Now a telephone is found in alline between Washington and Baltimore most every home and one can speak across

the now historic message, "What hath God the continent, even across the ocean, and it wrought."To be exact, this was on May is possible at the same time to see the per

24. 1844, thirtyfour days before the son to whom one is talking. Telephones

martyrdom of the Prophet Joseph Smith. not only transmit messages, but they are

Prior thereto, messages, no matter what now used to send pictures. Automobiles

their urgency, were sent by mail or by speare so common as seriously to menace the cial messengers. lives of pedestrians. The airplane, whirring

Steamships and steam locomotives were noisily overhead, no longer attracts a invented, or at least came into practical curious upward glance. Between dawn

commercial use. some years before the teleand dusk one of our own Utah boys has

graph. Robert Fulton built his first steamflown from New York to San Francisco,

boat model in 1802. and his first large and now men and even women fly in

boat was given a trial on the Seine, in heavierthan-air machines from America to

France, two years later, but proved too Europe.

slow and unwieldy. On August 7, 1807, Children, still young, have watched the

less than two years after the Prophet's development of the motion picture and the birth, Fulton's Clermont ran successfully radio. We not only see the actors on the

on the Hudson. George Stephenson drove silver screen, but we also hear them speak.

his first locomotive in 1814 at the Killing- A man in Salt Lake delivered a sermon worth colliery, in England. Naturally it over the radio which his son in Los Angeles

was imperfect. In the contest between lodistinctly heard. Within the last few days,

comotives on the LiverpoolManchester newspapers have estimated that forty milline in 1829, his engine, "Rocket,"was lion people listened to the acceptance an easy victor, attaining the. at that time, speeches of the two presidential nominees.

phenomenal speed of thirtytwo miles an They were heard as far away as New Zeahour. land, and those in that remote land who

Intervening years have brought marveltuned in heard the speakers'words a fracous changes. Now scientists are proclaimtion of a second before the people on the

ing that an exact reproduction of the extreme edge of the crowd who were acsender's penmanship—delivering a tually in their presence.

is alThat we may soon tune in for motion facsimile of the original telegram—

most an accomplished fact; and all are pictures in our own homes as we now do

familiar with the improvements in steamfor the concerts and lectures which come ships and in railway trains since they enover the air is now almost an accomplished tered the fields of transportation. fact. Recent experiments by the WestingWithin the memory of men still in house Electric Company indicate that this

their prime, telephones, automobiles and has passed the imaginary and almost the airplanes have come into existence. These experimental stage and is now being done.

men will remember when such things were It prompts the prediction that a faraway considered chimerical dreams, viewed as tourist will soon be able to project a less likely of fulfillment than the oftre- motion picture of himself into his own peated suggestion that we shall shortly be home.

1056 IMPROVEMENT ERA

No vision of man's power to achieve is limited; that Being is God, called, by these

too fanciful to seem beyond belief. Apsame people, the Almighty. Man, the

parently there are no limits to his possiCreator's mortal handiwork, can speak or bilities. fly or see across a continent or an ocean;

Many people feel that an unreasonable he can perform miracles undreamed of a demand is being put upon their credulity generation ago; he can overcome nearly all

when they are asked to believe that the the formerly accepted laws of nature; but,

Almighty has spoken to man, that prayers according to men's notions, his immortal are answered, or that the sick are healed. Creator sits, majestic and glorious but imThey cannot believe that through a divine potent, surrounded by barriers beyond

whisper or by other means the Lord can which he cannot pass.

give to a humble supplicant a positive The venerable Sir Oliver Lodge declared knowledge of certain unseen things. in a recent address that "science, with all

Joseph Smith claimed that in the spring its great work, has not eliminated the acof 1820, he saw and spoke with the Father cumulated witness of the ages."

and the Son, but because this declaration The Latterday Saints rejoice in the contradicted their own experiences most comforting assurance that the God of people felt it could not be true. That man heaven and earth is still mightier than frail

can project his voice or his vision around mortals. They refuse to ignore or minithe world they do not doubt, though they mize his divine power. If man's voice can

themselves, perhaps, have never done it. be heard around the world, the Lord can

Toward the middle of the seventeenth speak from heaven; if Lindbergh can fly

century, the French government imprisoned across the Atlantic and appear in Paris, as a madman Salomon de Caus, the first our Heavenly Father can manifest himself man, as far as we now know, to suggest to his servants; if a man in London can

the use of steam to propel a vessel. Tosee the person with whom he is talking in

ward the middle of the nineteenth century, New York, the Creator can see and under- a mob in the United States killed Joseph stand the hearts of his children. God is

Smith, the first man in this dispensation still what the word ALMIGHTY denotes, to say that the Almighty is willing and allpowerful, omnipotent, and it would be able to communicate with his children. a most wholesome thing for the world if it

There is a close relationship between the would cultivate the same grateful spirit of impelling spirit in the commission of both acknowledgment as that embodied in the these crimes. first telegraphic message, "What hath God

According to the ideas of an appallingly wrought."In this age of unbelief it is as

large number of presentday people, there the voice of one crying in the wilderis but one Being in the universe who is ness.—C.

Benjamin Disraeli wound up his maiden speech, which was a dismal failure, in the House of Commons as follows: "Now, Mr. Speaker, we see the philosophical prejudices of Man. (Laughter and cheers.) I respect cheers, even when they come from

the mouth of a political opponent. (Renewed laughter.) I think, sir, (Hear! Hear!

and repeated cries of Question!) I am not at all surprised, sir, at the reception 1

have met with. (Continued laughter.) I have begun several things many times

(laughter), and I have always succeeded at last. (Question!) Aye, sir, and though

I sit down now, the time will come when you will hear me."

PRIES

All matters pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood in this department are prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Letters to Ward Bishoprics The following letters, sent to bishoprics you therefore kindly follow these instrucof wards throughout the Church by the tions and also transmit this information to

Presiding Bishopric, under date of Septemthe supervisors of the Aaronic Priesthood ber 1 and September 13, respectively, are in your ward. If you do not have sufself-explanatory: ficient copies of the "Instructions"mentioned, if you will kindly advise us, we

Dear Brethren: shall be glad to furnish you with additional

It has been expected that the weekly copies for the use of the Bishopric and the meetings of the Aaronic Priesthood, at supervisors of your ward. We would sugleast, would be held regularly during the gest that you hold a meeting at once with

entire year. However, in view of the fact your supervisors, for the thorough conthat in some of the wards and stakes such sideration of Aaronic Priesthood work.

meetings have not been held regularly durIt is expected that the weekly meetings ing the past summer, we desire to call your of the Priesthood and M. I. A. will be

attention to the importance of the work held on Tuesday evenings. They will

to be done during the remainder of this consist of an officers'meeting to be held at year. 7 p. m., as given in the instructions, and

As you are aware, the meetings of the the regular meeting of all the members

Priesthood and the M. I. A. are now coof the Priesthood and Y. L. M. I. A. at

ordinated so as to be held on the same 7:30 p. m. After the opening exercises of

evening. The plans already outlined for the regular Priesthood-M. I. A. meeting

the Aaronic Priesthood for this year are (7:30 to 7:45 p. m.), the Priesthood will

given in the booklet issued by the Presiding separate for class or quorum work. At

Bishopric at the beginning of the year, enthat time the order of business for the titled "Instructions Relative to Weekly Aaronic Priesthood quorums or classes

Ward Meetings of Acting Ward Teachers should be carried out as indicated on page and all members of the Aaronic Priest- 8 of "Instructions."However, the time

hood,"andjor the Melchizcdek Priesthood allowed for the quorum or class exercises in the booklet issued by the Council of the will permit of more discussion than is inTwelve, March 20, 1928, entitled "Sugdicated in those "Instructions."It is very

gestions for Quorums of Priesthood and desirable, therefore, that after the indi-

M. I. A."vidual activities of the quorum members

If there has been any slackening of the have been checked and the social and work and activity of the Aaronic Priestfraternal interest of the quorum considered, hood during the summer, it is very greatly as there indicated, the time allowed for the desired that this work should now be taken discussion of the topic assigned for that up with renewed energy and system in particular meeting should be most effecorder to carry forward vigorously during tively used.

the fall and winter season. In order that The topics to be covered during each

there may be clear understanding on the month of this year are given in that same part of everyone associated with the book of "Instructions."If these topics

Aaronic Priesthood as to the plan of prohave not been discussed systematically thus cedure for the meetings, instructions and far this year, we would urge that two or activities thereof, we are reiterating here three topics in order be given each week the instructions previously given. Will during the remainder of the year, because

1058 IMPROVEMENT ERA

we feel that every member of the Priestin every way possible to secure the best rehood should, if possible, be familiar with sults, we are, with cordial wishes, these matters. If, however, topics have alSincerely your brethren.

ready been presented in their order thus far The Presiding Bishopric, this year, then it will be necessary to exBy Sylvester Q. Cannon.

pand the remainder of the lessons in order Dear Brethren:

to occupy effectively the time allowed. In In about two weeks you will receive a

a separate statement, therefore, which is special copy of the Improvement Era. Alhereto attached, we have indicated how a though we presume you are already a subtopic might be enlarged upon. Where, scriber to this magazine, this copy is sent

therefore, the remaining topics only are to with the suggestion that you have the secbe given from now until the end of this ond article, entitled "Speed and the Spirit,"year, we would suggest either that the read by all the members of your Lesser bishopric assign this matter of developing Priesthood. We believe that this story,

the lessons in advance to a committee, or true in every detail, if read by boys in the else that the matter be referred to the formative period of their lives, will bring

Stake Presidency and Stake Aaronic Priestresults which will well repay the trouble of hood Committee, with a request that they putting it before them.

outline the lessons in more detail for all We join with the Y. M. M. I. A. officers

of the wards of your stake. in the hope that our young boys will beIn connection with the lesson work and come regular readers of the Era, and we

the activities of the Priesthood, it is very take this opportunity of reminding you important that the booklet of "Instructhat this magazine is the organ of the tions"before mentioned should be carePriesthood, as well as of the Mutual, and fully read and followed by the bishopric that through it our official messages reand the Aaronic Priesthood supervisors. garding the Lesser Priesthood are sent. It

The purpose of the plan and procedure also contains the messages of the Meltherein outlined is to promote the training chizedek Priesthood, and should be availand activities of the Aaronic Priesthood able to the members of every Latterday most effectively in order that every memSaint family.

ber of the Aaronic Priesthood in your Sincerely your brethren,

Sylvester Q. Cannon, ward shall be thoroughly active in the David A. Smith,

duties of his important calling. John Wells,

Assuring you of our desire to cooperate Presiding Bishopric.

Broadcast good thoughts and good words freely. Give them a chance to ride the

ether, they have life in them.

'Tis not only how much you say, but the tone of utterance as well.

There are two ways of looking at everything, the way of the broadcaster and the way of the listenerin.

Be natural—try to be what you admire rather than an imitation of it.

To the laborer honor is always due, for labor is always honorable.

One does not need a battlefield on which to prove his heroism. There are

masters of all conditions and they respond with equal cheerfulness to all demands of daily living.—Dorothy C. Retsloff.

Change in the Y. M. M. I. A. Office

UR MUTUALS and the Era are deeply indebted to Elder Moroni Snow, who, O from the summer of 1909 to 1928, served as secretary and treasurer of the general organization and as assistant business manager of the magazine. Brother Snow's health has not been the

best of late years, and he recently retired from active association with the general office, though he still remains a member of the General Board.

An outstanding characteristic of this faithful man is his devotion to duty; he was a veritable "watchdog of the treasury,''and in spite of failing

health carried uncomplainingly the heavy burdens of his office with efficiency and dispatch. He

leaves the position which he filled so creditably with the love and confidence of all his associates.

Brother Snow must find great satisfaction in contemplating the splendid service he has rendered the M. I. A. during these long years. Because of his acquaintance

with the work, he will still be able to give valuable assistance to the

Board. All Mutual workers will join with us in invoking the

blessings of the Lord upon this worthy man.

The work formerly done by him has been distributed among other members of the present office force, under the direction of

Oscar A. B. Peterson, in addition to other duties, Kirkham;—O.

is sustained as general treasurer, and Alma H. Pettigrew will take

care of the general correspondence and attend to the details of

Era subscriptions.

All correspondence pertaining to the organization should be directed to the General Superintendency Y. M. M. I. A., 47 East

South Temple Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

General Superintendency, Y. M. M. I. A.

MUTUAL WORB,

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT

The New Handbook It is an implement for effective action. members are deprived of what is due them

No enterprise can succeed well without takand the officers unconsciously become a ing advantage of upto-date devices. Relhindrance to the organization.

atively little more than floundering Second: The attitude of acceptance. In

progress without clear aims and good this attitude officers speak well of and means of reaching them. The Hand Book advocate the use of the Hand Book and

is an indispensable means of M. I. A. then leave it to make its way to success or

advancement. failure.

Every stake board, every ward presThird: The attitude of appreciation.

idency, and every committee should make This attitude gives the new device an ofthe obtaining and the using of the Hand ficial examination, and a fair trial in the

Book an immediate problem. Years of fields for which it was prepared. The

experience has proved that in stakes and Hand Book under this attitude will be apwards where the Hand Book has been rec preciated as a source of reference at officers'ognized as a helpful guide, the M. I. A. meetings and a guide for leaders in the

work has been well to the front. M. I. A. activities.

There are three attitudes any one of It is expected the Hand Book will be which may be taken toward this or any judiciously supplemented by alert officers other special preparation for onwardness: and efficient teachers, but it is not expected

First: The attitude of indifference, that it will be substituted without the apand where officers assume this attitude the proval of the General Boards.

Genealogical Work

In answer to numerous questions conbe accomplishing its full purpose unless cerning the course in genealogy which is classes other than genealogy be conducted.

given by the Genealogical Society of Utah The teachers of the genealogical class, as one of the courses in the Adult Departselected by the Genealogical Committee ment of the M. I. A., the general officers with the approval of the bishopric, are to

of M. I. A. and the Genealogical Society meet with the officers and teachers as a

of Utah submit the following information: part of the M. I. A.

While the course in genealogy may be

Outlines of the course in genealogy are given in practically all of the associations, it is urged that at least one of the other now ready for distribution, and may be three courses be given also. While for obtained from the Genealogical Society of

the course taken in genealogy the same Utah, 47 E. So. Temple Street. Paper

score may be given in the efficiency report copies cost 50c each and cloth copies 75c, as for the work in any other course, it is with a 10% discount if twelve copies or felt that the Adult Department will not more are ordered.

Suggestions for Conjoint Program

Sunday Evening, November 4, 19 28

General Theme: "The Freedom of the 1. Singing: "Know this that every soul

Franchise.'free."

MUTUAL WORK 1061

2. Invocation: Y. M. M. I. A. the land; for he that keepeth the laws of

3. Duet: "Hail to the Brightness of God hath no need to break the laws of the

Zion's glad morning"—Y. M. and land."

Y. L. M. I. A.

4. Reading or Memory Rendition For home reading: Section 134, Doctrine Young Lady—of the following: and Covenants.

let 5. Presentation of the Slogan by Y. M. "The Law—It has honored us:us honor it."—Daniel Webster, famous M. I. A.

American lawyer, statesman and orator. 6. Sentiment: "More ballots, less bul-

5 minutes. "Where the law ends, there tyranny lets."—Young man,

a vote English 7. Sentiment: Pitt, eminentbegins."—William lady, 5statesman, pledge of loyalty."—Young"Our Church staunch friend of the American

colonies, whose cause he championed in minutes.

Parliament, saying, "If I were an Amer- 8. Address: "Franchise and Freedom"

ican, as I am an Englishman, while a a. In the Church.

foreign troop remained upon my land, I b. In the State.

available. speaker

the strength of thewould never give up my arms,—Never! 9.—bestSinging: "ForNever! Never!"

hills we bless thee."

Patriarch or High The Lord said to Joseph Smith, the 10. Benediction—A

prophet, "Let no man break the laws of Priest if present.

A Worthy Example The recently organized San Francisco Church to have reached that quota. The

stake is showing commendable activity correspondence indicates that assisting along lines of Priesthood and M. I. A. corps of workers were largely responsible

work. In the last few weeks the officers in obtaining these results. J. Mark Clark

of that stake have sent in 115 Era subis superintendent and Theo. G. Fuegg

scriptions, fully 5% of their population, secretary. They set an example which all

and thereby becoming the first in the stakes can profitably follow.

ADULT DEPARTMENT

The Romance of An Old Play House

By Dr. Adam S. Bennion

is emotions. Love, laughter, and sorrow alltory—aA strangerecordsanctityof whatattachesonce wasto allandhisabode of the muses, is the altar of humannot. Realitv stalks there and Romance crowd through its portals—every nook

tinge of meland cranny is crowded full of memories.makes holiday—a certain

lowed sadness colors the borders of the The theatre is the actor's chapel in which pages. men's souls may be "carried up"to higher

If these things are true of history genlevels.

erally, they are even more strikingly charAnd among theatres, what more historic acteristic of the Chronicle of the life hisone could be fancied than our own Theatre a dramatictory of a theatre. This institution, favored of the Mountains—for years

1062 IMPROVEMENT ERA

oasis on the long, dreary stretches from the the completion of the Union Pacific railMississippi to the Pacific. road into Salt Lake—it became, in the

Fortunate, indeed, are we and our forlanguage of Henry Miller, "A Cathedral in a Desert."bears to have had it—fortunate are we

itsand our children to have its story so wonAnd here is the story—with all of

derfully preserved as we are privileged backgrounds, its local color, its struggles, to have it in this richly unique book, The its triumphs—all crowded into richly constory thatRomance of an Old Play House, from the crete pages—a grips—strong

it isilluminating and kindly pen of George as fiction—more dynamic because

D. Pyper. real.

We, his friends, have known of his rare In it the reader lives again the life gift as a lyric tenor, of his keen sense of of '47. Then came the 50's with their

justice tempered by mercy as a police early beginnings in social entertainment.

judge; of his grace and judgment as the The BowerySocial Hall—Camp Floyd

manager of a theatre; and of his genius Theatre, Bowring's Theatre. Finally the

as a leader and friend of children. We Theatre itself. You fairly fancy yourhave loved and appreciated him for all self at the opening performance. Then

a glimpse of the men and women whoof these—we now salute him as author.

He has given to the world one of the have made Utah's histrionic chronicle. The

finest volumes ever to come out of Utah. local stock companies, the early traveling

He has builded for the Salt Lake Theatre troupes, and finally the famous actors and and for himself a monument such as his actresses who represent American art at its friends would have loved to build and best. You feel as if you have been in the

could not. company of the great when you lay the

Notable books aren't just written—they book down.

are soul generated; they are typed perAnd what richness of detail in the

sonality. The Romance of an Old Play background. Early stage practices—quaintHouse makes live again the men and advertisements—tickets and their strangewomen who made it famous. One reads purchases—eccentricities of actors, famousthe book to feel with Paderewski as he and otherwise—social gossip—stagehandgave one of his concerts in the Tabercomedy—business hazards—transportationnacle; difficulties—all these interwoven in the

"I feel like the pioneers of this counfabric of a dramatic achievement little try are round about me tonight, that the short of the marvelous. All these make

builders of this mighty structure are here."the volume a book which you really are

What a theme runs through the book! loathe to put down.

In a strange sort of way the very heart And the author! I met him first under

gift which forof "Mormonism"is to be found in the the spell of his singing—a

Salt Lake Theatre. Think of the dramatic more than a quarter of a century carried

power of the Prophet—his life—drama him into the hearts of people. He has

thefrom the beginning to end—a drama drawlargely given over singing now—but

ing the spotlight of heaven yet having song has just overflowed into the soul of its climax in the darkness of Carthage. the man. It all comes back through the

Or follow the trek of the covered wapages of his book. His kindliness is there

sense of values withgon; then live in fancy the dramatic—his gentility—his

clarity, withstruggle to build an empire from a wilder- a consequent proportion—his

ness. a lucidity of style that makes reading a

to his friends—and Little wonder the drama found a welpleasure—his loyalty

come in the great amphitheatre of the withal his great love for his Church, and

Rockies. the men who constitute its leadership.

What a boon the old Play House must Thirty years ago, in answer to a queshave been! tion put by President Heber J. Grant,

Builded in 1862, eight years before George D. Pyper had said, "I would rather

MUTUAL WORK 1063

be manager of the Salt Lake Theatre than agerial sweep of your kindly hand. And

anything else on earth."For thirty years now as you walk back from the tide tohe has fairly lived in that theatre. He has ward the shore of memory we are grateinresponded to its every mood. Little wonful that you give us your story—that

der that in speaking of it he quotes part we can come to appreciate what you

Ruskin: so notably have achieved.

"The glory of building is not in its As a source book it is invaluable in its stones, nor in its gold. Its glory is in

store of dramatic fact; as a companionits age and in that deep sense of voicefulable book it is one of those friendly volness, of stern watching, of mysterious

umes which it is a joy to have about.

sympathy, nay, even of approval or condemnation which we feel in the walls A host of friends will welcome a volume that have long been washed by the passing that leaves a twinkle in the eye, a lump in waves of Humanity."the throat, a heightened beat of the heart,

For thirty years, George D., you have and a fuller sense of the really worthbeen splashing those walls with the manwhile things in life.

Ten Outstanding Magazine Articles

Selected by a Council of Librarians

August. 1928

"The Irritating Efficacy of English Crimfrankly the dangers which confront our inal Justice,"George W. Alger in Atpresent civilization, but comes to the conlantic Monthly. clusion that, based on machinery, its founThe difference between the English and dations are too firm for it to perish.

the American laws are more impressive to

Mr. Alger than the similarities. He dis- "The New Radicalism,"Raymond Gram

cusses some of the differences in connection Swing in Harper's Magazine.

with the criminal law and its enforceThe author discusses the radical trend ment. which has taken place since the War in

European thought and legislation and ex- "Is Socialism Dead?"Will Durant in plains why a program which contrasts with

Century. the conservative policy of America is

A discussion in which the disillusioned necessary.

radical is displayed and the hint dropped that Socialism might come, not through "When is Business Worth While?"Henry

men suffering from poverty but from men Ford in collaboration with Samuel empowered by wealth and enlightened by Crowther in Magazine of Business.

education. An exceedingly penetrating discussion of

"Strange Things Are Happening."Fredmarketing and competition that challenges

erick P. Keppel in Century. some of the deepestrooted traditions of

In which the President of the Carnegie business, by that great industrialist, Henry

Foundation views the significant trends in Ford, written in collaboration with Samuel education and hazards a challenging Crowther.

the as to the"guess"a Aviation Debate."centre "Has future—when Future—A

interest educational educationof will be the Captain Byrd Dewar vs. Commander

of the adult. in Forum.

"Is Western Civilization in Peril?"Charles Will airlines of the future become rivals

A Beard in Harper's Magazine. of the railroads or is the aeroplane destined

A distinguished historian recognizes to be only an emergency carrier? A fa1064 IMPROVEMENT ERA

mous aviator answers a conservative though declares this author, who defends "boob airminded Briton. audiences"and accuses producers of stupi-

"Poisson Bleu,"James C. Gilbert in Field dity as well as cynicism and hypocrisy,

and Stream. holding them responsible for censorship.

This story the of author's 3500 mile "Feedpipes for Skyscrapers,"Ernest K.journey to catch the famous Arctic grayLindley in Review of Reviews.

ling, presents a vivid description of the heart of Alaska, a country of superlative New York City is tunneling under beauty and grandeur, strange customs and itself t o build a vast new subway sysinteresting life. tem. Built without interrupting street

"God Rest You Merry Gentlemen,"Strutraffic, the new system is to relieve conthers Burt in Scribner's. gestion in present subways. But new skyThe motion pictures are facing a crisis, scrapers are rising to congest it in turn.

The Citizenship Projects It is to be hoped that every Adult group and crime from month to month or in the Church will plan to devote one from year to year.

Tuesday each month to a consideration It will readily be appreciated that acof the Citizenship Project, detail outlines curate data such as the above are fundaof which can be found on page 224 of the mental to a consideration of such questions new Hand Book. as the following:

We recommend that the wards concen- 1. How much crime and delinquency is

trate for the immediate present on Project there in our community?

A (Law Observance), leaving Project B 2. What agegroups, sex, nationality, class,

(Voting) until after the Christmas holietc., contribute most to lawbreaking

days. in this community?

The logical first step in the Law Ob- 3. What types of delinquency are on the

servance project is a precise determination increase? What, specifically, is the exof the actual nature and extent of lawtent of autostealing, bootlegging, burgbreaking in your community. Specifically, lary, etc? And how effective is the

this involves the collection and tabulation treatment following conviction?

of such statistics as are available in the 4. What proportion of offenders reported

office of the sheriff (and chief of police), to the police are (a) prosecuted, (b) the public prosecutor and the courts (city, tried, (c) found guilty, (d) serve a county, district, juvenile, etc.) Figures sentence, etc.?

should be secured wherever possible to show In securing the statistics here referred to, it will be well for wards to cooperate 1. The actual number and disposition of: with one another wherever possible. At

a. Violations reported to the police. the next Union Meeting, for example, ar-

b. Cases prosecuted by the police and rangements might be made for two repreprosecutor. sentatives from each ward Adult Depart-

c. Cases dealt with by the courts. ment to serve on a committee charged with

the task of contacting the appropriate of- 2. Kinds of offenses committed.

ficials and securing the necessary data for 3. Age, sex, domicile, nationality, etc., of later discussion and analysis. In the larger

the offenders. towns it will be desirable for several stakes

4. Increase (or decrease) in delinquency to work together.

MUTUAL WORK COMMUNITY ACTIVITY DEPARTMENT

This Season's Work The work of the Community Activity of community groups. The new M. I. A

Committee for the present year has in it Hand Book is in reality a textbook premuch which should interest the members senting material to assist in the study of and stimulate them toward successful acevery field. While every member of the

complishment. The outline for this deCommunity Activity Committee will not

partment is delightfully varied -and yet be expert in every line, still all may be specific enough to make possible thorough informed in a general way regarding th.

study of every phase of leisuretime acvarious fields assigned them.

tivities assigned them. Drama is discussed comprehensively in

During the season there will be a part the Executive Department, page 61; Comof the Mutual Work section of the Era and munity Activity Department, pages 151

Journal devoted to this department. Sug165; Dramatic Urge, pages 403433

gestions along lines of drama, dancing, Within these pages is ample material for motion pictures, home recreation, reading study of this field and should provide an course, project, slogan and twelve recreexcellent basis upon which to build th:

ational events will be offered, and everydramatic program for a ward.

thing possible will be done to assist members of this new M. I. A. committee to Dancing, Motion Pictures and Home Re

get a clear understanding of their duties creation are taken up comprehensively, and and methods of carrying out their assignshould be studied thoroughly.

ments. Begin the work of the season by famil

The first step to be taken is in the iarizing yourselves with your own pari study of the field of leisuretime activity of the new Hand Book.

Principles of Parliamentary Law

Lesson for October 9 (Suggestive text: Parliamentary Law, to his feet and say, "The meeting will

by Paul, The Century Co., N. Y.) come to order. I move that Mr. B act

Wherever a group of people assemble as chairman of this meeting."If his

together to carry on business there is need motion is seconded, it should be put to a of rules and regulations to enable the asvote, and if passed Mr. B should take the

sembly to proceed in an orderly fashion in chair. If his motion is lost, he should call

the process of accomplishing the work to for other nominations for a temporary be performed. Yet no rules can operate chairman. If several nominations are

successfully without an organization. made, the vote is put on the first one

Hoiv to organize. After the people nominated and if that one is not elected,

of an assembly have gathered together at on the next one, until a temporary chairthe appointed hour, if there is no one in man is elected.

authority, one of the members should rise The newly elected temporary chairman 1066 IMPROVEMENT ERA

should proceed at once to have a tempor- 2. Responsibilities of permanent comary secretary elected to keep minutes of mittees.

the meeting. This is done by calling for 3. Mode of nominating and electing

nominations and voting on nominees. officers.

Upon being elected the temporary secre- 4. Methods of admitting new members.

tary should take his place near the tempor- 5. Mode of filling vacancies.

ary chairman, prepared to take minutes 6. Time and place of meetings.

of the meeting. 7. Provisions for amending the byThe temporary organization is now laws.

complete, and the assembly can proceed The commitee appointed to draw up a to business. If other temporary officers constitution should write out a proposed

are deemed necessary they can be elected constitution and bylaws and at the apin the same manner as the secretary. pointed time be ready to report. At that

The chair first announces or causes to time the chair should call for the report be announced the purpose of the meeting, of the committee. The chairman of the

and takes up whatever business is necescommittee should arise and read the report, sary at the time. As soon as possible, hand it to the temporary chairman, and

however, he should proceed to perfect a before taking his seat, should move that permanent organization. To do this, a the report be adopted. When seconded,

constitution and some bylaws must first the temporary chairman of the meeting be drawn up. This is done by having the should then direct the secretary to read

assembly elect a committee of three or the constitution, article by article, beginfive members to draw up a constitution ning with the first. After the secretary has

and bylaws and to report at a later meetread each article, the chair should ask, ing. "Are there any amendments?"If an

(See M. I. A. Hand Book, page 259, amendment is proposed it should be acted

for the general form of a constitution.) on at once. If none is proposed the next

A constitution should contain the folarticlearticle hasshouldbeenbereadread,andetc.amended,After theneach

lowing provisions: the preamble should be read and treated in

1. The name of the organization. the same manner as the articles. After this

2. The purpose of the organization is done, the chair asks, 'Are there any

preamble. (See the constitution of the more amendments to any part of the conUnited States for a good preamble.) stitution?"If there are, they should be

3. The qualifications for membership. heard and acted on. If none, he should

4. The names of offices in the organcall for a vote on the adoption of the

ization and the number holding each ofconstitution as follows: "All in favor of

the constitution as read and "fice. (The M Men ward officers should adopting

be a president, vicepresident and secreamended say 'aye.'All opposed, 'no.'

tarytreasurer.) "The 'ayes'have it and the constitution

is adopted."

5. The name of and numbers on each

permanent committee in the organization. The bylaws should be treated in exactly

(M Men committees are (a) athletic, (b) the same manner as the constitution.

social, (c) literarymusical, (d) memberAt the completion of the adoption of ship, (e) sloganproject.) the bylaws and constitution the per-

6. Time of regular meetings. manent officers of the organization should

be elected in accordance with the rules in 7. Provisions for amendment.

the bylaws, and the standing (permanent)

Bylaws should contain provisions as committees should be named. When this

follows: is done, the regular business of the organ-

1. The duties of officers. ization can go forward.

MUTUAL WORK 1067

Lessons for October 16 and October 23

Parliamentary law, as it is generally talk for or against it. No person should

understood, is a group of laws governing be allowed to talk twice on the question the procedure of democratic assemblies until everyone has had an opportunity to where the members have the right to partalk once. When it has been discussed

ticipate in the business before the house. enough anyone can "call for the question,"

A chairman or president always prewhich means that he calls for a vote on it.

sides at a meeting. Before a member speaks The vote is obtained by the chair's saying

he should rise to his feet and address the "All in favor of the motion say 'aye.'

"chair."("chair"is the name adopted for Those opposed, 'no.'

the presiding officer) as follows: "Mr. Any main motion may be amended. For

Chairman."If it is in order for him to example, if some other M Men wanted to

speak, the chair should call him by name go on the hike but wanted to go on Monand give him permission to talk. If more day instead of Saturday, he would rise to

than one person addresses the chair at the his feet and obtain permission from the same time, the chair designates which shall chair and say: "I move that the motion

have the 'floor. No one should make a be amended to read that we go on a hike

motion or speak to a motion without peron Monday instead of Saturday."If secmission from the chair. Recognition from onded, then it becomes the matter of busithe chair need not be obtained, however, ness and must be disposed of before the

when a motion is seconded. motion itself. An amendment may be

Business in an assembly is brought bemade at any time before the question is fore the house through motions, which put to the house for a vote.

are nothing more nor less than statements This should be remembered: A motion

of the proposition to be considered by the or anamendment to a motion may be assembly. If. for example, some member amended any number of times, but only

of an M Men class would like the one amendment to the main motion and group to go on a hike, he would arise to one amendment to the amendment can be his feet and say "Mr. Chairman,"(or pending at the same time. The amend-

"Mr. President") "I move that the M ments to the amendment must be disposed

Men of this'ward go on a hike to of first, then the amendments to the monext Saturday morning."If there is sometion, then the motion itself.

one else present who would also like to A main or principal motion is the basis take a hike, he would say "I second the for the discussion at any assembly. The

motion."All main motions, such as this main motion may be voted on at once or

one, require a second. In other words, at the following motions relating to it may

least two people in the group must want be made: 1. Motion to amend it. 2.

something before the group will be called Motion to amend the amendment. 3.

on to discuss it. Every member has the Motion to postpone its consideration inright to make a motion. definitely. 4. Motion to refer to a comAfter a motion has been made and secmittee. 5. Motion to postpone consideraonded, the chair should say: "It has been tion to a definite time. 6. Motion to lay

moved and seconded that the M Men of on the table.

this ward go on a hike to next All of these motions are debatable exSaturday morning. Are you ready for the cept the motion to lay on the table. These

question!"'When he says that, the body motions are listed in the order of their

may either talk on the motion or call for value. For example, the main motion

a vote on it. By saying "Are you ready (No. 1) is more valuable than the motion

for the question?"the chair gives all presto refer to the committee (No. 5), thereent a right to discuss it. Anyone, after fore No. 5 must be disposed of before

obtaining permission from the chair, may No 1, No. 6 before No. 2. etc. It

1068 IMPROVEMENT ERA

would be well to memorize these motions 4. Motion to adjourn.

in their order of preference. The motions 5. Motion to adjourn to a definite time

here named are called subsidiary motions. and place.

There is another group of motions Below is a list of all motions arranged called incidental motions. These relate in their order of preference. No. 1 is

only incidentally to the main motion. They least valuable and is disposed of first. No.

are as follows, and are listed in the order 20 is the most valuable and is disposed of of value, No. 1 being the most valuable last.

of these motions and therefore disposed of last. Privileged Motions

1. A motion to suspend the rules. (For

any purpose.) ** 1. Motion to adjourn to a definite

2. A motion to withdraw a motion. time and place.

(Made only by the one who made the ** 2. Motion to adjourn.

motion which is to be withdrawn.) ** 3. Motion to take a recess.

3. A motion to divide a motion. * 4. Call for question of privilege.

(When the main motion involves two ** 5. Call for the orders of the day.

ideas it may be divided and each discussed separately.) Incidental Motions

4. A motion to read a paper or document. (Usually a resolution or a report ** 6. Rise to points of order.

of a committee.) * 7. An appeal to the house from de-

5. An objection to the consideration of cision of chair.

a question or motion. *** 8. An objection.

6. An appeal by a member from a ** 9. Motion to read paper.

decision of the chair. (If the chair makes **10. Motion to divide a motion.

a ruling against a member, which that **11. Motion to withdraw a motion.

member considers unjust, he (the mem- ***12. Motion to suspend rules.

ber) may appeal to the body against the chair's decision.) Subsidiary Motions

7. Rise to a point of order. (Where

something is done in violation of the con- **13. Motion to lay on the table.

stitution, or a rule of the assembly, any ***14. Call for the previous question.

member may demand a correction by ris- *15. Motion to postpone to a definite

ing to a point of order. He does this by time.

stating, "Mr. Chairman, I rise to a point *16. Motion to refer to a committee.

of order."Then he states his matter. *17. Motion to postpone indefinitely.

The third class of motions are called *18. Motion to amend the amendment.

privileged motions. They relate to rights *19. Motion to amend the main moof individuals in an assembly. They are, tion.

in order of value: *20. The main motion.

1. A call for the order of the day. The motions marked:

(This is made when the rules call for a * Are debatable.

certain procedure and the chair departs ** Are undebatable. (They must be

from that procedure. Any member has a voted on as soon as made.)

right to demand that the procedure be fol- *** Are undebatable and require a twolowed, unless the body votes him down.) thirds vote to pass.

2. To rise to a question of privilege. In order properly to conduct a meeting,

(If a room is too hot, for example, a all M Men should become acquainted with member may rise to a question of privilege the motions listed above, learn which are and have windows opened, etc.) debatable and which not debatable, and

3. Motion to take a recess. memorize their order of value.

MUTUAL WORK 1069

Etiquette (For November) politeness."—Confucius."Virtue is not in itself enough without Motoring.The first duty of motorists is to learn

Gentility wins its way wherever it is the rules of the road and abide by them.

found. No one enjoys riding with a driver who

The best society is not a fellowship is liable to accident or arrest for speeding, of the wealthy nor does it seek to excrowding, making the wrong turn, crossclude those who are not of exalted birth, ing from the wrong side, or disregarding but it is an association of gentle folk, signals.

of which good form in speech, charm of In fact there is just as much need of manner, knowledge of the social amenities, courtesy and etiquette on the road as in and proper consideration for the feelings other places and a true gentleman or lady of others, are the credentials by which the driving an automobile will have as much whole world recognizes its chosen memconsideration for the rights and feelings bers. To be truly cultured and wellof other drivers on the road as he or she

mannered one must be found the same would have in any other place.

on all occasions and with all people. The One should cultivate sympathy, friendperson who is cross, crabbed, moody and ship, tolerance and forbearance on the road

sullen at home with his family, and puts instead of selfishness. There is a certain

on his smiles and fine behavior just for amount of courtesy and respect due from company and friends is not really culmotorists for other people's property and tured. There is a certain surface display public property such as flowering shrubs,

of manners which may be acquired, and wild flowers. Campers and picnickers

others which are real. Manners may be should try to preserve the natural beauty of

imitated, but manner is personality. What our canyons and other places by refraining

one is, is of far greater importance than from picking flowers to excess, and by what one appears to be. cleaning up after picnic parties.

Ease and charm of manner are notbought with money but with practice. In Public Places—

a. On street.

Conversation. b. In theatre.

Effective conversation includes the gift c. In restaurants.

of listening interestedly to what others say. Do not attract attention to yourself in

How can one improve one's conversation? public. Shun conspicuous manners, clothes,

By reading and becoming well informed conversation, and loud laughter. Good

on the topics of the day; by having a manners are as important in public places

good knowledge of standard literature; as in private drawing rooms.

by studying the correct use of words and When a man is walking with a woman good grammar; and by associating with he takes the side nearest the curb, between

people who use good English. her and the street. If he is walking with

Avoid slang. Avoid talking about yourtwo women he takes the same position.

self, your accomplishments, etc. Cultivate It is the woman's privilege to bow first

a well modulated voice. The culture of when meeting a gentleman on the street.

the voice is one of the most important ele- A gentleman under all circumstances must ments in making conversation pleasant. return her bow.

Avoid interruption and until you have had In entering the theatre the man gives much experience and have become well intickets to doorman and then steps aside for formed on various subjects, it is well to the woman to enter first. He hands tickets

listen more than to speak. Avoid gossip. to usher who goes down the aisle first, the

Unless you are sure of your ground, avoid woman next and the man last. If the

contradictions and arguments. usher is busy, the man may find his own

1070 IMPROVEMENT ERA

seats in which event he precedes the womMotoring.

an and seats her. 1. What is the first duty of motorists?

When entertaining at dinner at public 2. What are some of the rules of motorhotel or restaurant, the waiter leads the ing other than the mechanical operation of

way to the table. The host goes first in the car?

order to seat his guests. The women come 3. How may we promote the Slogan by

next and the men last. Etiquette of the Road?

Problems for Discussion 4. Discuss "Road Hogs."

Conversation. In Public Places.

1. How can the art of listening be ac- 1. Should a man offer a woman his

quired? arm on the street?

2. Discuss use of slang in conversation. 2. Is it good taste to exchange kisses

3. What about interruptions, contradicand embraces on street or in public?

tions, arguments? 3. May a man take a lady's arm?

4. Who enters the theatre first? 4. Discuss the tooclever person—the

man or woman who knows it all. 5. What about the use of cosmetics,

5. How may the voice be cultivated? toothpicks and chewing gum in public?

6. Discuss the use of sarcasm, puns, 6. In passing people already seated in

gossip, etc., in conversation. theatre, which way do you face?

7. How far may the funny story be Good books of reference. Standard Etiused? quette, Richardson; Etiquette, Emily Post.

EVENTS

at Nonstop Crosscountry Airrace a Nick Mamer, Spokane, Wash.—Landed

Failure. Art Goebel arrived at Mines Rawlings, Wyo. George Haldeman,

at Albuquerque, N. M.field. Los Angeles, Sept. 13, 1928, at Detroit—Landed

3:20:43 4-5 p. m. Pacific time, having Colonel William Thaw II, only surviving

made the trip from New York in approximember of the original Lafayette escamately 23 hours and 50 minutes. As he drille of world war fame, was badly hurt

had been forced to land in Arizona, at at Decatur, Ind., when his plane crashed

Prescott, he was declared disqualified, and into a fence during a forced landing.

did not receive the reward of $22,500 Captain John Morris who was piloting promised the winner of the race. Mr. the plane, also was injured.

Goebel says he encountered the worst storm For the World Court. Former U. S.

he had ever experienced, and that it was Secretary of State Charles E. Hughes was

a wonder that he came through at all.

elected a member of the Permanent CourtThe other contestants, all unsuccessful, were: Oliver le Boutellier, East Orange. of International Justice, Sept. 8, 1928, by

representatives of Nations of the the League to field take-N. soon after J.—Returned the at vacancy Geneva, to filloff. Syracuse, Clifford McMillin, Y. N.

at Chase, Pa. Randolph Page, through the resignation of John Bassett—Landed existing

Moore, and to represent the United StatesNorthville, Mich.—Landed at Allentown,

informally by manyPa.burgh—CrashedColonel Williamat Decatur,ThawInd.II,LieutenPitts- hopesin thatwerecourt.voicedFollowing the election,

ant Commander Jack Iseman, commanddelegates that the choice of Mr. Hughes

interest in the Unitedant Rockaway naval air station—Landed would reawaken

at Amarillo, Texas. Emil Burgin, MineStates regarding the question of American

at Willard, N. M. adherence to the world court.ola, N. Y.—Landed

PASSING EVENTS 1071

The Mystery of Life. Professor F. G. fled before the physicians arrived. The

Donnan. lecturing before the British Sovictims are: Paul V. Wheatley, pilot,

ciety for the Advancement of Science, at Carleton hotel, Salt Lake; Jesse S. RichGlasgow, Scotland, Sept. 11, 1928, deards. Ogden, secretary Ogden chamber of

clared that the longsought link between commerce; Floyd A. Timmerman, Ogden.

living and nonliving matter "may"have newspaper man; W. A. M'Lean, Spokane,

been discovered in the form of certain representative Liberty Magazine; Mrs.

minute organisms called bacteriophage. Lawrence C. Schaper, Salt Lake; Carl

"If"it should prove that living matter Schaper, aged 6; Ramona Schaper, aged

has arisen on this planet from what is re- 1 8 months. The only witness of the acgarded as nonliving matter, where, the cident, Calvin Moser, the National Parks

speaker asked, can we say that here is life Airways representative at Pocatello, is reand there is no life? He said further that ported to have said that the right wing

it is almost certain that life originated in of the big monoplane suddenly appeared a primeval ocean, so that the image of to be lifted as if by a terrific gust of wind.

Aphrodite arising from the sea is not withThe plane then was across the road and out scientific justification. over the edge of the field and about thirty

Granite Stake Presidency. Pres. Frank feet from the ground. The ship kept tip-

Y. Taylor and his counselors of the stake ping, he said, until the left wing hit the

presidency. George S. Spencer and Hugh ground, winging the plane over to the left,

B. Brown, were honorably released, Sept. nosed into the ground and then in that

9. 1928, and given a vote of appreciation position turned over several times, the

of their work in the stake. Elder Hugh body of the plane eventually striking the

B. Brown was sustained as president, with ground. In the final plunge and roll, the

Elders Marvin O. Ashton and Stayner plane went into the ground nose foremost,

Richards as counselors. President Rudger implanting the motor in the ground. The

Clawson presided at the meetings. Pres. force drove the heavy motor backward

Brown is a native of Salt Lake, but resided into the passenger cabin. None of the

in Canada from 1902 until 1927, when passengers had a chance to escape. The

he returned to this city. While in Canada bodies were found in a huddled mass

he entered a military training school and among the wreckage of motor and fuselage.

was graduated with a commission of major Millions Starving. A report from

in the Canadian army, which position he Shanghai, China, Aug. 27, 1928, says that

held for three years at the battle front the population along the border of South during the World War. Chihli and northeast Shangtung. numberFate of Captain Amundsen. That ing a million and a half, is facing death

Captain Roald Amundsen, the famous from starvation. Drought and grasshopNorwegian explorer, and his French pilot. pers, the report says, have ruined the crops

Rene Guilbaud, perished shortly after their in the famine district. The grasshoppers

departure from Tromsoe, Norway, June now form part of the diet of the stricken 18. 1928, for Spitzbergen, is considered people. One village, it is said, was eating

proved by the finding of a float belongfried grasshoppers on a wholesale scale, the ing to the sea plane, in which the journey insects being the only food of many houses.

was undertaken. The float was picked up Others are trying to sustain life by eating

by fishermen near Vaun island, of the hard cakes made from bark, cotton chaff

Fugle group of islands. Aug. 31. and and grass. Disease, resulting from impropbrought to Tromsoe the following day. er food, is rapidly gaining sway in the

Crushed to death. Seven persons lost district.

their lives at the Pocatello field, Sept. 4, Across the country at a terrific speed.

1928, when the SuperUniversal Fokker. Art Goebel and Harry Tucker, on Aug.

sixpassenger plane crashed in making a 20. 1928, completed a nonstop flight belanding at 11:50 a. m. Two of the tween Los Angeles and New York, 2,700

passengers showed signs of life when exmiles, in 18 hours 58 minutes, making an tricated from the wreckage, but life had average of 150 miles an hour. In 1924.

1072 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a year after the MacReadyKelley flight, ly until he sold it in October, 1926.

Lieutenant Russell Maughan of Salt Lake Harvey also was president and editor of

City made the eastwest flight, with five Harper's Weekly.

stops for refueling, but he was two hours Are they also lost!'Grave anxiety is

and fifty minutes slower than Goebel and felt for Bert Hassell and Parker Cramer,

Tucker. Goebel, who won the Dole race aviators who left Rockford, 111., Aug. 16,

to Hawaii last year, was at the controls 1928, for a flight to Stockholm, Sweden, all the way across the continent. Tucker via Greenland. According to a dispatch

was financial backer of the flight and rode dated Chicago, Aug. 20, they had then

as passenger. not been heard from since Sunday mornDestructive Tornadoes. On Sept. 18, ing at 4 o'clock, Chicago daylight saving

1928, it was reported from Miami, Fla., time, and it was thought that they, perthat 139 persons had lost their lives in a haps, had been forced down somewhere in

tropical storm that swept southern Florida, Greenland. On Sept. 2, the two aviators

Sept. 1 6, and that the property loss were reported safe and well in Camp Lloyd,

amounted to 25 million dollars. Disastrous Mt. Evans, Greenland.

storms were also reported from portions of The Kellogg Peace Pact Signed. RepNebraska, Illinois, South Dakota and Wisresentatives of fifteen nations on Aug. 27,

consin, Sept. 13 and 14. The south1928, affixed their signatures to the

eastern district of Rockford, 111., bore the KelloggBriand peace treaty, in Paris,

brunt of the Illinois tornado, which swept France, with impressive ceremonies. The

north into Wisconsin and along Lake signatures were, Kellogg for America,

Superior. Hundreds of buildings were Cushendun for Britain, New Zealand and

demolished in Nebraska. Among the dead India, Briand for France, Stresemann for

were several school pupils. Porto Rico Germany, Hymanns for Belgium, Zaleski

was also swept by a hurricane, which left for Poland, Benes for CzechoSlovakia, destruction in its path. The American MackenzieKing for Canada, Cosgrave for

Red Cross hastened to send relief to the the Irish Free State, Menzoni for Italy, stricken population. It is reported that Uchida for Japan, MacLachlan for Aus700,000 people were rendered destitute. tralia and Smuts for South Africa. The

George B. Harvey, former ambassador representatives of Germany were the first

to Great Britain, died suddenly at his home to sign; then followed the other represenin Dublin, N. H., August 20, of a heart tatives in alphabetical order of the names

attack, 64 years of age. Col. Harvey is of the respective countries, as written in

credited with having launched Woodrow French. To suppose that the treaty makes

Wilson on the political sea on which he war impossible would be to overrate its was wafted to the White House, although importance; for no mere agreement can do

afterwards he became a bitter enemy of that; but it makes the aggressor among

Pres. Wilson. He is also said to have had nations a promise breaker, almost a per-

a large share in the selection of Warren jurer, and certainly an outlaw. It makes

G. Harding for the presidency, and the limitations of armaments easier, and thus

antiWilson policy. His reward for his strengthens the sentiment of good will

political services was appointment of amgenerally, and it establishes a new prinaggressivebassador to London. Harvey started his ciple of international law—that

career on the Springfield Republican. Later war, which is every war, is illegal, and

he was on the staff of the Chicago Daily must be dealt with by other nations as

News. Then he turned to the strongly such. It is, moreover, as the French PresDemocratic New York World, of which ident Doumergue expresses it, an act which

he became managing editor, leaving the "responds to the innermost longings of all

World in 1893 to become president of mankind,"and for that reason it repseveral electric railways which he built. resents an irresistible force operating in acLater he bought the North American Recordance with the plan of the Almighty

view, which he edited almost continuousfor the salvation of mankind.

MOTORREG U.S. PAT OFT OIL

This tried and tested oil stands up under extreme engine heat—saves gasoline and reduces friction to a minimum.

Use only Conoco Motor Oil and you will be sure of Extra

Life For Your Car. Conoco specializes in keeping motors

young!

LETS GO TO

KEELEY'S "The Home of Good Things to Eat'

|For Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner Light refreshments—MISSIONARIES

or Full Delicious Box Course Dinners Lunches foods—Homelike—puttor upthe totrainyour order. prepared by

women cooks. "Gems of Good Cookery'

ICE CO.KEELET CREAM

SaMain * 160 SaMain 55 160 Sa State -Milters OmdyDept.

5 Popular Stores

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR tali's leading Mortician lias opened his new Fireproof Mortuary'to tlie public foi inspection at 125 North Main, Salt Lake City.

Phones, Offiee and Residence,, Wasatch 7600.

Ifour choice for serrices. Chapel, Druw-

*rivate Chapel, and

S 1 i rsery for children diirii) ervices, Separate Preparatory rooms for Women and Men, Lady at- t e n d a n t s. Ample

parking space for "atrons* Cars.

uplett'nd fi lest in the United States. Eve sentiment expressed

for the care of loved ones.

Honesty dominates all Sales. Quality and Service follow,

your money until you need it, as well as hank security and interest on your snving-s.

UTAH'S LEADING UNDERTAKER IN BUSINESS SINCE 1870

"TRADE WITH YOUR FRIENDS"Your Health is the Biggest Word in

Your Family Dictionary and to those who know, it suggests the farfamed ROUND OAK MOISTAIR HEATING SYSTEM The One Heating System That Automatically

Ventilates and Humidifies Keeps your home comfortable and the air nioist and healthful. And moisture is as vital to health

as warmth is to comfort.

Fifth Sti >r Point of Round O ak Supremacy

DURABILITY Materials used stand highest physical tests,

All hinge cast. Never a

bolt whei e a rivet will do. Tight fittings

guarantee d. Good for a s enera tion of service.

Exclusive fueland laborsaving advantages, too! Let us demonstrate its fivestar points that

minister to your welfare.

See the JENKINS FURNACE now on display in the showrooms—used continuously for 3S years and still in g-ood condition.

32PIECE SET OF DISHES Excellent Quality and Pleasing Design

SPECIAL $6.95

You have to see them to appreciate their wonderful value.

MODERN FURNITURE COMPANY 234 STATE STREET WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Dr. Crane says that business must be beautiful. It is. when enough orders are coming in.

Boston Shoe and Leather Reporter. *****

A scientist says that one day women will become the ruling sex. It isn't often

this statement ought to help them. Punch.

that married men find anything to laugh*****about, but

Humdrum Routine. He saw the animal was going to attack him and he grabbed its

tail. The bull began running and "snapt the whip."throwing Prozak on a large stone. He

bored. Platterville (Wis.) paper.

crawled under the fence and escaped being*****

Mrs. Smythe: "Im soliciting for a charity organization. What do you do with your

wornout clothing?"

Mr. Smith: "I hang them up carefully and go to bed. Then in the morning I put

them on again."Pointer.

Did Ton Ever Think of This If you are not specifically trained for some type of useful employment it will not be long before the world will point its finger at you and call you a failure.

Ours is a school of opportunity. Here you have a chance

to do the best you can, independently of what anybody else may do.

EVERY MONDAY we open the doors of opportunity when shall we have the privilege of welcoming you?

L. D. S. Business College

Write for Information

"Utah's Largest Commercial Training School'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

HUMOROUS HINTS Triumph of Woman. "Doris is getting a man's wages."

"Yes, I knew she was married."*****Boston Post.

Barber: "Haven't I shaved you before, sir?"

in France."Judge.

Customer: "No. I got those scars*****

Schoolboy Stuff. A monastery is a place of monsters.

America was discovered by the Spinach.

In 1658 the Pilgrims crossed the ocean and this was known as the Pilgrim's Progress.

A deacon is the lowest kind of a Christian.

An ibex is where you look at the back part of a book to find out anything you want.-

The Living Church (Milwaukee.)

"Finally, My Physician Recommended FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST""I am an automobile mechanic,"writes J. R. Bridges of Salt Lake City, "and

have been working at this trade for the past six years. Working on automobiles

makes it necessary to handle machine parts covered with dirty greases and oil, which is very hard to remove from your hands and face.

"After getting a severe case of boils I tried all kinds of remedies suggested by my friends but did not obtain any relief. I finally went to my physician and he

recommended that I eat one cake of Fleischmann's Yeast onehalf hour before each meal. After eating the Yeast regularly for three weeks I began to notice that the

boils were drying up and in two months they had entirely disappeared."

Fleischmann's Yeast is not in any sense a medicine—it is a vegetable, fresh as

new celery. Its curative properties gently, naturally rouse the sluggish muscles of the

intestines, and clear the system of the poisons of constipation. Your complexion, too,

now clear and fresh, will reflect your newfound vigor and health.

Eat three cakes each day, one before each meal or between meals. Dissolve it in

water, hot or cold; eat it plain or any other way you prefer.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At All Grocers'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

TO GAIN KNOWLEDGE IS TO GROW To Read Good Books Will Help You Gain Knowledge

The M. I. A. Reading Course is selected to help you gain

knowledge and have enjoyment while you do it.

Send $6.50 (Special Cash Offer) Now for a Complete Set.

Deseret Book Company P. O. Box 1793 Salt Lake City, Utah

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 UNDERTAKER 1928 Best Equipped for Calls Night or Day in or Out of the City

Price of Caskets at Your Suiting—Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, Both Office and Residence 125 NORTH MAIN STREET

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town*'UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agentt Salt Lake City, Uth

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Diamonds, Watches, Jewelry, Silverware

BOYD PARK Years JEWELERS f/ tOO MAIN STREET SALT LAKE OTY

Salt Lake City, Utah Fine watch and jewelry repairing—service by mail

Famous for Wedding Rings

An Overall with a Classy Appearance"M

Ofountaineer EXPRESS STRIPE OVERALLS GUARANTEED FOR QUALITY, PIT, AND SERVICE A clean, neat appearing garment for the Store Clerk, the Flour

Mill Operator, the Dairyman, the Garage Man, the Teamster.

None Too Large None e TooToo VBsM Small

Not Think it Marvelous?SupposeDesires—WouldWe Should GuaranteeYou You the Fulfilment of these

Your Income to continue even though accident or Illness should suddenly snatch for or yon nnflt render for Incomeyon away work. An your college

children. for ownershipeducation of your yonr The in now. home ten yearswife—afrom

Tie possibility of retirement and the Joy of travel and leisure in your later years.

Impossible? Absolutely not. These dreams can be realised If yon act now—Make today's hopes realities tomorrow.

A Beneficial Policy is the Key to Success

Blots out yonr worries—Brings peace of mind

Beneficial Life Insurance Go.

Rome Office, Vermont Bldg.—Salt Lake HEBER J. GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS, Manager

HBN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA