*SrJ4- X SEPTEMBER, 1934 Return:;Po,sta g e Guaranteed

><lJ*Fk. SALT LAKE CITY >> UTAH

m. iiiuiiqP <>

Copyright by T. J, Hileman

X *c is the Best InvestmentA Henager Business Course

Twelve young men and women, former students of our school, were placed and are employed in the above office of a Salt Lake Company.

Our calls for office help so far this year, are more than double the number received during the corresponding period a year ago. This reflects the substan tial improvement in business conditions and assures

one a position upon completion of a course with us. M ake your plans now to prepare for a good position.

Complete courses given in all commercial subjects, including Secretarial Work, Advanced Accounting,

Business Administration, Business Culture, etc. Write, call or phone for catalog, and complete information.

New classes now starting. It will pay you to get the best. Visitors welcome anytime and inquiries promptly

answered. Please mention "Era"in writing.

HENAGER BUSINESS COLLEGE 45 EAST BROADWAY D. B. MOENCH, Manager SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

LARGEST AND BEST EQUIPPED IN THE INTERMOUNTAIN TERRITORY

i i, a

OFFICIALLY APPROVED AND RECOMMENDED

Heading Course Books Mutual Improvement Associations for 19341935

EXECUTIVES—Strategy in Handling People—Webb and Morgan (Should be read by every person in an executive position) $1.00

ADULTS—A Guide to Civilized Loafing—Overstreet (A fine treatise on the proper use of leisure time) $2.00

SENIORS—Life of J. Golden Kimball—Claude Richards—An interesting faith promoting book $2.00

(Additional copies purchased at the same time you order the reading course—cash with the order—may be had at $2.00 per copy)

M MEN—William Clayton's Journal—A detailed story of the trek of the pioneers $1.75

(If purchased with other reading course books the price is $1.50)

VANGUARDS—The Book That Nobody Knows—Bruce Barton—An interesting and intriguing book about the Bible $1.00

SCOUTS—Smoky—Will James—An exciting and inimitable story of a wonderful horse $0.75

GLEANERS—For the Gleaners—either of the following:—New Testament—Can be had at 25c, 50c and up $1.00

The Southerner—Dixon—A delightfully written story of the Civil War—$0.75

Heroines of Service—Parkinson—True and interesting stories of the women who have rendered outstanding

service to their fellowmen - - $2.00

For the COMMUNITY ACTIVITY COMMITTEE is recommended The Recreation Magazine. Subscription price, cash in advance, per

year $2.00.

The above prices are cash with the order. If sent C. O. D. or charged, postage will be added. In Utah add 2 per cent for Sales Tax.

44 Bmst en Salt Lake City, Seatlt Temple Dcseret Book Company Utah P. O. Box 958

m 9 m *m m p *m"*m'—wrm*'-4

CODETHE IMPROVEMENT ERA Heber J. Grant, Editor

Harrison R. Merrill, Managing Editor Elsie Talmage Brandley, Associate Editor

EDITORIALS

An Ensign to the Nations H. R. Merrill 544

Prelude to Several Things Elsie T. Brandley 545

ARTICLES Morality and the New Day, Melvin J. Ballard 515

The Frontispiece Alice Merrill Home 516

Have We But Half of Christianity? Fred M. Fowler 517

It's Threshing Time, #. R. Merrill 521

Religious Education. 'Rulon S. Howells 525

The Cover 527 Reminiscences of Charles W. Nibley Himself 528

Know Your Snakes C. F. Creeves—Carpenter 531

An Alaskan Afternoon. Henry Iannone 532

Glimpsed in a Flash Sterling B. Talmage 533

Let's Talk About Personality Mildred Baker 535

A Bump on the Head Medical Staff, B. Y. U. 537

Social Planning j A. S. Cannon 538

Winners of Gold and Green Tango Waltz 547

FICTION Skin Deep Grace Downey Tinkham 518

Old Renegade Earl C. McCain 522

Little Hobo Lillian McQuarrie 542

Faith., Milton Ridges 546

POETRY Redwoods Cristel Hastings 534 The Scientist Clarence Edwin Flynn 541

Drink Deep Mabel Winter Wiltson 541

Lips That Are Loyal to Laughter.. Edith Cherrington 541

Slumber Song -Rena Stotenburg Travais 541

Great Salt Lake Alice Lee Eddy 541

There Is No End,..: Grace Kaye 541

Beyond Belief Ardyth Kennelly 541

Wooden Wheels Lowell C. Ballard 541

After the Rain. Minnie I. Hodapp 560

The Quest Nellie Larson 560 Time Mildred Tanner Pettit 5 64

You Mildred Tanner Pettit 5 70

DEPARTMENTS Lights and Shadows on the Screen 548 Mutual Messages: Executives 557

Glancing Through 549 New Phases of our Program—193435

Clarissa A. Beesley 557 Melchizedek Priesthood 550

Ward Teaching 553 AdultsGleaner Girls 559560

Aaronic Priesthood 554 Vanguards 5 61

Joint Program 557 BeeHive Girls 562

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations and

Department of Education Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Melvin J. Ballard, General Mgr. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Entered at the Post Office, Sah

Street, City, Salt Lake Utah 50 North Main Clarissa Associate A. Beesley, Mgr. secondclass Utah, as Lake City,

Copyright, 1932, Men's Mutual by the Young B. Peterson, Business O. Mgr. for Acceptance mailing at the matter. Association Corporation Improvement of

HH KatieGeorgeC.Q.JensenMorris, AllChurchrightsof reserved.Jesus ChristSubscriptidnof Latterdayprice, Saints.$2.00 a inspecialsectionrate 1103,of postageAct providedof October,for

Chairmen Era and Publicity year, in advance; 20c a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

"PEONIES AND DELPHINIUM,"BY MARY RUTH BALLARD

Morality and the New Dau By Melvin J. Ballard

A Member of the Council of Twelve Apostles

ELDER MELVIN J. BALLARD

earth. the in mission plish The our crisis the in world moral last the the four This is of given been not for desire has foodTHE Saint Latterday offers to given on were speeches which and rampant run that might we opportunity glorious a youth hurtful things of use the in indulge the June Saturday morning of hold shine up andto arise and be might that injurious but we and

atthe attract will thatstandards which for and Conference things those selection of in the wise earth. of the ends of thetention will Lord which call that provided by the such a has been the there of history the in peopleNo vigorous healthy, strong, build up in higher promised they were "The maintained haveworld of bodies; hence Wisdom the Word

the members than standardsmoral Era."The right to as Improvement a guide us been given has

I Church. Saint Latterday theof

the living. in appeared other three that believes youth, in one whoam desire? sex the have we Why forcarry will today ofthe youth magnumber August of the its gratito yield Certainly not to

ward the standards of the past, and azine. fication but for the purpose of ful-

I have no sympathy with those filling the first great commandment are discrediting with a youthwho multiply and gave to God man—to is headed this generationfear that beearth. boys. Each boy is expected to live In the the replenish

for destruction. I believe that the as chaste and pure and clean as the ginning the Lord said it was not

everfinest people young who have asks girl he alone, for and be to be his wife, the good man to of in the historybeen born his children. of this mother and he united man woman when

world have come to Latterday The purpose of my talk this in the holy bonds of matrimony

Saint fathers and mothers. At the morning is to present to you, leadhe declared that they should cleave

same time I recognize that no geners of youth, reasons for continuunto each other and they twain eration of young people has been ing to maintain these moral stanshould become one flesh, and then face to face with more serious difdards. I thank the Lord that this gave them the commandment to

ficulties to solve than this generaChurch makes no requirement of multiply and replenish the earth.

tion. been introduced have They its people, without or old, young also the warning, gave "Thou He questions age thatinto an for appealreasons all the there being good adultery."shalt not He commit

past, age of thestandards an of support to the loyal that ing strong unless there that was the knew stanthese ofis discarding many those that membership. sex I know restraint exercised imover this

dards. living in this age do not obey pulse that man would abuse his

While I recognize that this is simply by being commanded; they body, depart from the glorious

the greatest age truth has ever want to know why. It is our repurpose for which it was created,

known, there is always danger that sponsibility as leaders of youth to and soon debauch himself in the in the desire for change many tried give a reason for the appeals we greatest of sin and iniquity.

and worthy standards may be dismake to continue to maintain our All nations and peoples who carded; but the moral standards set high moral standards. have heeded the Lord's command

up by this Church are standards The strongest instinct in life is concerning the control of this which must remain and which canin responding to the law of selfstrong impulse which he planted not be changed or modified withpreservation. Next to that comes in the human body have prospered

appetite, and found life happy and successout disaster to us. This Church the desire for food—the

has held that next to the crime of without which the human body ful; but individuals and nations

murder is the crime of sexual imcould not be sustained. Next to who have disregarded the warning

purity, that to rob a girl of her this is the sex desire. This strong and injunction of the Almighty

virtue is a crime next to taking her desire for selfpreservation is given and have made their bodies mere life. There is not a double stanto us in order that we might live harps of pleasure to gratify every

dard, one for girls and one for and preserve our lives and accomsex impulse have reaped sorrow and 516 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934

distress, for while nations have surheart and have no confidence in the keep myself clean, that she would vived pestilence, war, famine, etc., honesty and rectitude of your own rather have me dead than to defile

no nation has ever survived imlife, you can never rise. So this myself. Joy came to my heart bemorality. Joseph rose in majesty and power cause I could look every woman in

because he was pure and innocent the face and not one could raise an "THE lawful association of the and he vindicated himself and seaccusing finger. I want the youth

sexes is ordained of God as a cured the absolute confidence of his of this Church to so conduct themmeans of race perpetuation and for master. selves that they can look not only

the development of the higher facSo can men and women today men and women but God Himself ulties and nobler traits of human have such power over their own in the face and realize that they nature which the love and inspired conduct that no combination of have kept themselves clean and uncompanionship of man and woman circumstances can ever cause them defiled, for only the pure in heart alone can insure. We believe Paul to depart from the path of virtue. can see God.

was right when he wrote, "Be not O, the strength there is in being deceived; God is not mocked: for clean! I recall an experience that "THE departure from the high

whatsoever a man soweth, that came into my life sometime ago. moral standards of the past has

shall he also reap. For he that I was a passenger on a snowbound been going on rapidly and I must

soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh train in the Northwest for four blame the World War in part for reap corruption; but he that soweth days and four nights with a group some of this. For instance, I saw

to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap of some twentyone men in a Pullduring the period of the war trainlife everlasting."(Gal. 6:7-8.) man car. I listened to their stories loads of soldiers stopping for a

Jesus once was asked concerning and ultimately every man without moment at railroad stations. Moththe sin of adultery and who was a blush of shame told the story of ers and daughters were there to offer

guilty of this sin. He answered, his own departure from the path free cigarettes and other gifts. Af-

"Whosoever looketh on a woman of morality and seemed to glory ter a few moments of conversation, to lust after her hath committed in his victory over some innocent without an introduction, when the adultery with her already in his soul. I recall listening to these retrain started to move a soldier

heart."(Matt. 5:28.) 'And uncitals for hours one night. I had would grab a girl and kiss her,

to the prophet of this dispensation retired to my berth and was trying only to have that repeated by some

He added, that such an one who to sleep but could not. Finally I other fellow. Mothers, poor simdoes not repent shall lose the spirit discovered myself upon my knees pletons, looked on with approval

and depart from the faith. weeping and thanking God that thinking that was winning the war.

The place to begin this self- I had a mother who taught me to They were throwing away the mastery of the body is with the most precious thing their daughtersmind itself, for as a man thinketh had—maidenly modesty.

so is he. I grant you that there The Frontispiece Many of our boys became

are temptations today for numerous of By ALICE MERRILL HORNE usedit a perfectlyto this procedurelegitimateandthing,thoughton to have evil thoughts becausemen offering, slightest or after BALLARD'S acquaintance the question sexthe portrayal RUTH of the in MARY for the as Frontispiece appears which as a evening's entertainment in one pictures the display andmoving of the human body by the styles phinium."September Era,Maryis titledRuth"Peoniesis theandgiftedDelreward to claim the right to kiss

and customs of our day. Neverdaughter of Elder Melvin J. Ballard, a the girl whom they had met or entheless, shall we become weaklings member of the Quorum of the Twelve tertained. Thus promiscuous kissand yield because we are tempted? Apostles, and this still life and other painting and petting have become so

young fact that the a few ings out point does not a girl that prevalentI of as descendants appeal who to you interest. challenging our are painters now I it is barred. often submit to sold intothat Joseph was who at painting of another summer With

Egypt to be worthy of your anthe Art Students'League of New York we recall a girl saying to me, "If I do cestor who was also tempted when expect much of this young girl who is a not submit to this treatment the the wife of the ruler looked with tremendous worker. Miss Ballard is quaint, boy will never come back again."

but she oldfashioned, I said, will not "he he will,""Yes,lustful and quiet, eyes Again upon him.

of her a has way own—aalmost aloof,passion—las looking out he is back come when invited she sin withagain him to the frontiscolor in of her breadth witness

her but he repelled her approaches piece. She has delicacy, and strength in her for another lark; but when he is

until finally she seized him to forcdelicacy, as witness "Calla Lilies"in well looking for a companion whom he greens. temperamental whites and can wife, as a he wants one whom his ruin. toibly drag He tore painted him

revealed as expression of has charm She in trust, he goes one away, who, when leaving his garments her fromaway variety roses. has She roselike pink her

in her hands which she used as and nice contrasting colors, with some will be just as he left her when he evidence in accusing him of having vegetable studies, with white against white returns, he will remember the girl assaulted her. But one thing I used effectively. She does not follow orwho made him stand on his own

difficult lines, has attacked but dinary ground and honor her and respect tre is that though to be foundhave of apher airplane as in method problems her."and you condemnthe world may composition. She organizes her proach in

denounce you as immoral, if you well her contrasting colors. I am not saying when a girl

know you are clean in your own In all her work she interests the art should allow the privilege of her subtlety. her love is subtle If she we or critic. in earth devils to kissheart, all the to a boy, be granted but my like is romance. If romantic, her she We

is you. But on overcome that suchhell cannot judgment no own is decoraher of undercurrent work The

the until world other thoughthe hand, should be extended attitude this of inprivilege tion. must To 1 what

devotion steady lead! that With you terest so much praise think accepted an honorable the girl has you andmay

are chaste and pure, if you know only one result can follow. proposal of marriage. The reason

you are not clean in your own (Continued on page 527)

But Half ofHave We CHRISTIANITY?

By FRED M. FOWLER

THEflectsphilosophyitself in theof livesa peopleof thatreexaltedhas turnedgoal toof theeternalpervertedperfection,conhabits, cuscomitantsgreed, selfaggrandize- people—shaping institutions, thinking, and ment, and exploitation of fellowtoms,

the rate of progress. Evidence of men. In the Christian world today

civilizathe greatest both we have sharp in the be foundthis fact may evils the greatest and known civtion the existing betweencontrast ilization of the Orient and that of to all history. The real essence of

the western world. The causative Christianity has been changed beeffects of the predominating philcause it has been only partially

osophy of each is clearly evident. applied.

In the Orient, where the preThe great philosopher, Jesus of dominating philosophy centers in Nazareth, who gave Christianity the loss of individual identity to the world, clearly foresaw the through submergence of personnegative possibilities of His philality in the great Nirvana, social osophy and added to it the quite progress has been sluggish. The essential part, which is the one safelittle progress which has taken guard to the real essence of His

place has come about largely philosophy. This safeguard is

through absorption from the Occontained in the doctrine of thecident. However, even though it brotherhood of man—the "golden

be true that progress in the Orient rule;""love thy neighbor as thy

has been slow, it must be admitted self;""Inasmuch as ye have done

that Oriental philosophy has not it unto one of these, ye have done produced "rugged individualism"it unto me,"etc.

with its accompanying evils. Surely It follows then, as a point of

the philosophy of the Orient has logical and practical reasoning, that been a prime causative factor in prothe one and only real and abiding ducing the conditions which exist cure for the many evils which have of personperver- the general of out there. grown individual—perfectionality ("Be ye therefore philosophy Christian the perfect, sion of In contrast with the Orient, the

unparalleled progress which has even as your Father in Heaven is and which threaten the very strucoccurred during recent centuries in perfect"). This philosophy carture of our civilization, lies in a

the Western World is most sigries some important implications. complete application of the great

nificant. The unmistakable inThe individual must have a social safeguard given by Jesus. We must

for accept, with all that this implies, fluence of Christian philosophy is setting—a group environment

clearly evidenced in the feverish the interplay, and cooperative exthe essential interdependence of into dividuals and groups. If is imstriving for reward through indiercise of free agency—in order

vidual enterprise and achievement. achieve the maximum of selfreal- perative that we shall appreciate

The spirit of individual enterprise ization. the vital need of a maximum of inseems to be the outstanding chartegration between individuals and

acteristic of the socioeconomic CURELY no greater goal, nor one groups. There truly is no such

structure of the Occident. It is the fraught with greater possibilthing in life as the individual self

driving essence of the progress of ities for abundant everyday livseparate and apart from others. We

this civilization. It is ruthless in ing, could be held out to man thata need all of the Christian philosits driving straight and hard tois contained in this philosophy of ophy. Part of it will not function

ward the goal it sets up and in its Christianity. But it seems to be a alone. The great safeguard must

disregard of concomitants. Why law of life that every great good go along hand in hand with the

is this? Perhaps because Chrishas the possibility of becoming a striving for individual progress. Intianity has not found complete excorrespondingly great evil, that deed the two may not be separated

pression. every power may be exercised posiand retain their essential nature.

The essence of Christian philostively or negatively. And thus the Each is the necessary complement

ophy is eternal progression of the spirit of individualism, with its of the other.

518SKIN DEEPafter. She could make a better Betts was somewhat puzzled

job of it than you have!"

by the actions of Cynthia, but Cynthia laughed—as Cynthia would, Betts knew—andthen who wouldn't be except—

But you may not be puzzled at roundBetts likedand fullherandlaugh,sort ofit wasfraall. grant like one of the highgrade

apricots she raised. Betts saw

David's eyes, usually blue, shade to almost black, and she that. did they wondered why ponder- B,'ETTS get up watched and himed the shining little She toes of her

snubnosed shoes, and then move about his office, and she

David Truman leaning across liked the rough tweeds he wore, his desk talking in a halfand couldn't find the least fault laughing, halfserious tone to with his mouth, it was so well

Cynthia. Betts considered the shaped, but she told herself

late February California sunquite emphatically if she had shine slanting in the office winbeen creating David Truman dow and across the back of her from the dust of the earth, she very been have would certainlycurly brown head too much little careful get that not tofriendly. She wished she were hump on the top of his nose.able to wave a wand and make brainsa nice big saucer of ice cream "Money—beauty—as if he werepop up in front of—."He spoke her—and all of counting. have "You wished David were more

is the them, Cynthia. Where that cousinhandsome—andshe tell in me, crime using them,Cynthia for would, goodness

sake, dab at least a little powder for the love of Pete?"

on her straight red nose, and she. But David BETTS felt deeply wished—

Truman was saying: ashamed of Cynthia when she

'You'd be a regular beauty, shoved her plain brown felt hat you know, Cynthia, if you'd farther still upon the back of only haul yourself out of that her head with her thumb, and queer trance you're in lately, looked so perfectly insolent and and doll up a bit."idiotic. "Money takes wings,"

Betts watched a fly light she informed with gaiety.

agily upon Cynthia's brown "Brains become addled. Andshoulder to stretch its legs and beauty—"Cynthia broke off

flip its shimmery wings, while and let a soft laugh gurgle in

Cynthia said in her calm clear her throat.

voice "Enough!"grinned David,

"But, beauty is only skinand Betts admired the whitedeep, my dear David."ness of his strong even teeth.

"Better skindeep than no And, say, but wasn't his hair deep at all,"quickly spoke black when you really looked

David. Then: "Cynthia, for hard at it! As black, almost,

the love of love, don't deliberas Diane's two little pups ately make yourself hideous the ones she hated, and had why wind that splendid copabandoned! "There isn't a

pery hair of yours into a hard man in this town who bullet at the back of your head? wouldn't be raving mad about

Why shove your slim feet into you, if you'd dress like a norbrogans big enough for me? mal human being, old girl!"

And why wear that atrocity '"How you encourage me!

you have on? Say, do me a Of course, a man is the height

favor, will you, Cynthia? Assign "BEAUTY—"FIGURE PORTRAYSCYNTHIA'SA WOMANTONESWHOGRATED.HAS CHOSEN"THE of my ambition, discerning sir!"

little tenyear-old Betsy here to THE SOMBRE AND THE COLORLESS EXPERIENCES "You can't intend to stay single select your wardrobe for you, hereOF LIFE, RATHER THAN THE VIVID AND HAPPY."all your life, Cynthia."

By GRACE DOWNEY TINKHAM

"Marriage is dreadfully deing sound upon the hardwood sirable, isn't it?"floor when she stepped from

"Don't try to appear bitter the rug.

and cynical, I know you're not "So, my good friend Joel really that way."Nevers declined your invitation

a bit wary, to drop in and talk over the "No—just little wise."water proposition, did he?"sheDavid, and—and a

Betts saw how sharply remarked placidly. "Joel alDavid glanced at her, and she ways had a sort of stubborn

made up her mind that grownstreak. If he thought he had

ups were decidedly silly and something the other fellow queer and always talked too wanted—well, try and get

if she only had a Unless the fellow paid to themuch—and it!

stick of gum, even, she'd feel last farthing! He knows his

scads better, and if Cynthia water supply is most accessible would hurry up and start for to that dried up south fifty home, boy, but wouldn't it be acres of mine, and he knows swell! For there was Diane I've got to get water to it. * *

and her family to think about. It's a mess when your well goes

Mr. Gregg would feed the dedry on you and you're forced

serted black ones, and Hurley to appeal to someone like Joel

Worth promised faithfully Nevers!"

he'd drop over from his place Betts couldn't figure out to make sure everything was whether Cynthia was cross or okay. * * * Hurley Worth, unhappy or only fooling, and,

that perfectly gorgeous young anyhow, she thought it quite man who had a prune orchard ridiculous for her and David to adjoining Cynthia's, and lived be on that subject again when in a handsome Spanish cream they had threshed it over for a stucco with a red tile roof, and full half hour when she and the house was stuffed full of Cynthia had first come, the most interesting objects of "I'll try him again,"promart and paintings—things ised David. "And if he still

Cynthia declared Hurley had insists upon playing the mule,

And—morethe most awfulthancomplexthat—Bettsfor. self,you'dCynthia.better tackleThathimwouldyourbe

had a feeling that Hurley was the speediest way to handle it, in love with Cynthia. She alin any case."

most was sure of it! Betts hopped down from her

"When I knew you at fifchair and opened the door. She

teen, you were headed for being and Cynthia stepped into the a smashing beauty,"David was cool polished hall of the big surgingthree—."on. "Now, at twentyoffice building."Cynthia,"David fol-

"Look at met"Cynthia's lowed them out and said, as if laugh rippled through the he were very much in earnest, room. "Thanks for the can- "you've been taking my legal

dor, David. I know you mean advice for the past year, and

well."kindly. Will taking it—well, David reddened, and walked said about what I you take

to of his desk the endaround spirit, in the same er—beauty chair.stand beside Cynthia's with and not be offended me?"

"I hate like the dickens to see Betts observed that David's you throwing away something smiling mouth and anxious you've been given by your Creeyes did not exactly match. She

ator to express,"he said very was glad when Cynthia reached quietly. "And I've come to up and patted the side of his

the conclusion you have a reatanned face.

son for it, Cynthia.""Certainly, David. I get

your slant. Beauty stands out

"SHOWING HURLEY. CHARACTER,"SPOKE Stood UP CyYNTHIA FOR, "HENCE, BEAUTY, ALL, AFTER MY DEAR. Adoor, f,Jtoward /UtheandA <,#-M'l1.1strolled uKlher CHARACTER ls BEAUTYf Y0U CYNTHIA KN0W> ILLUSTRATED BYheavy sports shoes making a clumpThe only beauty there actually is."FIELDING K. SMITH

520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934

to you rather importantly, doesn't in the act of putting Kiople back in it. It possesses more genuine

I have foundit. But let me remind."you again his snug bed with Justis, when she beauty than anything yet."His voice lowered and heand warn you that—appeared.

"Skindeep!"shouted David "Welcome home, Betsy,"he moved closer to Cynthia. "I bought

with a laugh. greeted. "We've all missed you the picture because of you, Cyn-

"And sometimes not even that!"immensely, even to hardhearted thia,"Betts heard him say, "It's

gurgled Cynthia. Diane and the silly bundles of magnificent. Like you!"

Betts loved driving home like white fluff she considers so beauBetts watched him run lightly mad in Cynthia's powerful orchid tiful."down the steps and cross the orroadster, but she found Cynthia's "You like the black ones better chard. He made her think of an

unusual silence less fun than her than the white ones, don't you, orchard god, striding off beneath usual chatter. However, maybe Hurley?"asked Betts. the trees with the soft pinkish

Cynthia wanted to "Why, they're worth twenty of petals drifting down upon hisabout getting waterthink—perhapssupply from those pinkeyed inane little strutstraight square shoulders and blond

that redheaded Joel Nevers, or ters!"declared Hurley Worth head.

about David and what he'd been heartily and with earnestness. "The She intended watching him besaying of beauty, or it might be little black fellows have personality yond the acacia hedge, but Mrs.

"But, really, Hurley, I am sure dinner. Betts'attention flew toHurleyupon—orWortheven herDianethoughtsand thedwelttwo * * * and real character!"Gregg appeared and announced

snowy puppies she loved and cared almost anyone would choose the the large amber platter of chicken faithfully for, and the two inky white ones."fried golden, she had glimpsed

black ones she refused to have any- 'Yes, I am sure they would, in the kitchen as she came through, thing to do with. Queer Diane! Betsy. But the majority are usualand a tall rosecolored glass brimWhat an unnatural mother! ly wrong, and they find it out for ming with creamy milk.

Cynthia made Betts start by saythemselves, sooner or later.""We should have had Hurley

ing with great abruptness: "Joel Betts said to herself that she stay to dinner,"she observed to

Nevers is a stubborn pig!"didn't exactly understand that Cynthia as they entered the house,

"A stubborn redheaded pig!"theory, but she liked him anyway, and arms about each other strolled

elaborated Betts. and felt sure he was the most into the great dining room. "I

most—and if that darling cousin "Think so, lamb?"—and"Auburnheaded,there are wavesBetsy.in it."And handsome man in the world, alknow he'd have loved it."

"I never admired auburnheaded Cynthia didn't marry him, she 'Course. Doesn't he dote on

men with waves in them!"Betts hoped she'd be an old maid all the Mrs. Gregg's fried chicken? Me?

sniffed. "Not even if they do own rest of her life and have only dogs And you, Cynthia?"the biggest pear orchard in the and cats for companions—or not "For my money—brains—or

valley. Not even if they used to even dogs. At least, not darling beauty, Betsy? I'm awfully anxcome to your house and bring me deserted little black ones! For ious to know which?"

'normous boxes of chocolate candy what other man would ever fall in

Not even if they did that every love with her but Hurley Worth? lHE curly head of little

single solitary time I was ever visHurley didn't care a whoop about Betts tipped sagely to one side and iting you, except now!"her shiny nose or big shoes or funny she rested her dimpled chin upon

cared He just of Joel or clothes. approve "Whether we

Betts supposed Her character, about her!—-"the tipsheof onedeclaredpudgythroughtfully,finger. "Wellnot, to he's that we'll have admit

that whatever he was couldn't tempt him, 'cause "Money was—seeing well, Betsy.done see he wasn't You forever talking always about and it hisself. of has loads he And in his with a goldborn spoon

that. in the world how as was. Hurleymouth, Worth brains—now excuse "Will me, Betsy?"you if got could you've any he know pracdidn't step into he a lawAnd

in nice his asking he was now into never peeped He's or not?tice all for cut dried him, and like polite feeling a have someway. head. your And slave did. to Joel has hadDavid beauty—why, feeling I one a wants have in the goodness, world nobody my me—or"I got, slavefor he's hard!"and what

I that me. hope wants someone that! Least say you would had

I glad of "Well, hope I'm right, think you Betsy?"I'm Do all, of you Hurley! He knows gets ahe pain good lustily asserted Betts. "Course!"slavin'—theit! got haven't any!"scoffed Betts. oldfunny man!"in the "She's house somewhere."it just for be must "Then my

"Old man? Joel is just twentyAnd watched a light dance in his own sweet self,"laughed Cynthia.

eight, lamb."fine eyes. "Guess it must be,"agreed Betts,

"Well, that's good and old!"For a moment, Betts listened to eyeing her cousin from between

his voice mingling with Cynthia's narrowed lids. "Guess Hurley

large in of the the creamy shadows like stopped David. isn't much Now C-YNTHIA to before rooms, she returned give for a centthe car in oldwouldn't front of her large the David

fashioned wliite house standing comforting of the black Kiople and those little scraggly black pups of she Hurley next saw When overstately serene in the he'd of Justis. midst go daffy and Diane's—but standing with was CynWorth he account Betts apricot of theira sea of the white ones bloom, and

jumped out. As fast as her sturdy thia on the wide veranda, and he being so pretty. Isn't that funny?"

legs would carry her she got was saying to her: * * * *

through the house and out to the "I was in the city yesterday and Cynthia's sturdy utilitarian back porch. Hurley Worth, her picked up another very interesting shoes marched soundly across the

perfectly gorgeous young man, was oil, Cynthia. I'd like you to see (Continued on page 571)

It's Thresnino Time

of the long butts the in those white unions throw were no ThereBy H. R. MerriL as fanshaped, billows in only oats up was not work days. A man's

from sun to sun, but from dark to he fed them into the ever hungry that the expertly so bless heart, cylinder her woman's, threshing time comes dark—a a satisfied separator mon- m. p. hummed m. to 10:30 from 4 a.AS around, many of us who The men exchanged work. The otone despite the wet and the heatold

were reared on a farm look thresher crew, consisting of five or of the bundles. When oats were

feeders, a band cutlong and soggy, we always knewback with mixed emotions. Each six men—twohas his own memories of long, hot ter, a measurer, a horsepower man that father would be called upon

days, short, crisp nights, long or driver, and a separator man who to feed more than his share. He was

tables, and hungry men. was usually the boss, took care of equally efficient with the wheat,

My pictures have to do with the machine; but the farmer who however, and was able to keep it

gentle hills tucked in among whose was being threshed had to provide running out of the old "worm"in protecting elbows were the little the bundlepitchers, the straw- a golden stream as large as one's leg.

farms. Each farmer had from fifty stackers, the grainhaulers, and the Boys usually graduated up from

to 3,000 bushels to thresh, accordsack holder. These were recruited sackholder to strawstacker to

ing to the size and location of his from among the men and boys of bundlepitcher to grainhauler as "place."Those who had water, the neighborhood. Since there was their strength increased. Some of

grew oats and timothy and potalittle money, these men exchanged them finally joined the crew and toes and alfalfa; those who were work. It fell to the lot of the boys fed or cut bands or drove or ran

if it frequently to "follow"the machine the separator. I came up through"dry"grew wheat—sonora,

was spring grain; gold coin and, for days in order to repay the all of the jobs to feeder, a job I

later, turkeyred or Kanred, if it neighbors for their work during liked, partly, I think, because father was fall or winter wheat. Some their own threshing. liked it, and partly because my long

of those with water grew club and The labor was long and hard arms could gather in the headings popular bytouse. I can remember it, when I and dirty, but there were many—as headers had become

was a sizable young man, standing compensations. There was the joy then. By then, too, horses had been

along our bottom lands to my chin. of rolling down a bed beside a hayreplaced by steam and, a little later,

In those days the coming of the stack or on the hay in the barn and by gasoline. In those days, regardstars or where less of the size or condition of thethresher was an event—a long sleeping under the

lookedfor happening like a holithe sweet perfumes from yarrow "job"the thresher visited each farm day. It meant many things: for and dandelion and mints in the hay in its regular order and took its pay

mothers, a crowd to cook for when were soothing and enjoyable. in whatever was threshed, whether

there was but little to cook; for There was the delight of sitting it happened to be wheat half filled

fathers, many horses to feed; bins with the men at the long tables and with weeds or lucern seed.

and granaries to repair; sacks and hearing them "josh"with the Then came the big threshing

twine to buy; "hands"to "russle;"women who had furnished the outfits and the eight hour day.

it also meant, after months of meal, or out in the shade beside the These were organized to do all of empty purses, the coming in of the machine while the separator man the work even the cooking, and main cash crop. laced a belt or the driver greased farmers paid in cash for everything.

his masterwheel. Later came the combine harvester.

By that time threshing had become

WAS always merely another job. The social

proud of father. aspect had entirely disappeared and,

He "fed"for the along with it, the romance of biggest outfits. He threshing time.

was said to be the However, even today, if you will greatest feeder in go into some of the outlying comall the country munities of the West as I did when round about. I got the accompanying picture

Many a time I have near Mink Creek, Idaho, you are stood and watched likely to find threshing still a comhis mighty arms munity affair.

By EARL C. McCAIN OLDto his partner more or less for direcBig Jim and Scotty had differences y but what two

men would not living together for weeks. Old Renemonths,tion. Butwhilethroughthey thehadlongbeenwintercoopgade was a bear. The three get tangled up in such a ed up together in the cabin, Big

way as to make an interesting story. Jim'son thedominancelittle man'shadnerves.begun to get

"What's the matter with you I.T wasn't so much little wood this mornin', while I counteredchoppin'airritably.little wood?""The Scottyway I

what "Big Jim"Hardesty said as take the rifle and see if we can't understood our partnership, I his way of saying it that angered collect that reward."thought we were to share all the

Scotty Byrnes. They had just finIt was the casualness of Hardwork."

ished breakfast when Big Jim esty's order that rankled his comHardesty was a giant of a man, shoved back his chair and repanion. Ever since they had become six feet tall and tipping the scales at

marked: partners in a mining claim the two hundred and thirty pounds.

"Saw some bear tracks up in the spring before, Big Jim had assumed A quiet smile overspread his heavy timber late yesterday that musta a sort of unconscious leadership. face as he glanced sharply at his

been made by Old Renegade, that Scotty hadn't minded this so much partner and remarked:

mankillin'grizzly, on which at first because Hardesty had the "Pshaw now, Scotty. Don't

there's a hundred dollar bounty. qualities of a leader. During the get all riled up. You know you

Reckon you better chop us up a working season Scotty had looked ain't much of a shot with a rifle andRENEGADEyou might get hurt if you had ILLUSTRATED BY N. J. COTTERELL

a run in with Old Renegade."

'That's not the point,"Scotty snapped. "I ain't lookin'for any actions served for a reply. He to Big Jim, Scotty had plenty of

grizzlies, even when there's a gathered up the breakfast dishes, wiry strength and endurance when bounty on them. What I object piled them into the dishpan, covit came to work he could do at all.

to is being ordered around all the ered them with water and set the Still thinking of his grievance, time; left to do all the drudgery pan on the stove. Then he picked Scotty put a sort of vicious energy

like carryin'water, cuttin'wood up the water bucket and strode into his axe strokes. Thirty mintrunk the he had and work spend all from the cabin. utes'and you cookin'—while cuts on deep ringed, with neatlyyour time in the hills huntin'."

carecuts the sides. Gauging two after face filling smile Jim's Scotty, Big on The the toward driving AS began fully, he feet creek, the as got to his turned the bucketbroadened he and from the sent soon pine and the heartof cabin,reached for his back the Big he toward Hardmackinaw. saw ground. the to crashing tree massive rifle irritated hisesty across the Jim, never got arm, mad, with which exactly perfect, fall was The all setting It forScotty timber more. the the out always above

it land, and to he wanted where the in to the house. glancing Hardesty,seemed put wrong, him in enough be wood there would lifted feel in farewell. like back, a chastised boy. anmade arm him months. for last them tree to that the gesture favored he with But I've to 'You'll kept have admit trunk fallen the upon climbed He toler- a Scotty goodnatured, with all in freshus winter,"meat Hardthe heavy off lopping began and grin ant the that angered smaller letesty the drawled. "But you to trim intending branches, lower ever. than more man Scotty. today, got go We'vewood firewood into them chop these and Scotty plenty Big had Jim knew I'll for tonight, chopenough and could saw until and Jim he to use points. preof the During good pine that big tomorrow. deaddown finnearly had trunk. the He up fall, ceding they and summer when feel it'll betterIf you any make tree had and the trimming ished claim, the been had HardworkingI'll dishes carry you the and wash the trunk when from stepped down esty lion's of the share done had I leave."before water someup the First ears. his reached a sound the stood ready always work; had his but Scotty answer no made sudden, a stick, then a of snapping to his smaller partner favor when his turned Scotty grunt. explosive althe tough. going he was But

ways seemed to take it for granted;head to face a huge old grizzly bear

he was boss of the job. that had waddled out from the unFinished with the dishes and derbrush above the grove of trees.

with a pot of venison stew on the the back of the stove, Scotty stood 1 OR a few seconds a moment debating. Big Jim both man and beast stood still,

had said to let the wood go, that each surprised at the other's appearhe would cut down the big dead ance. And Scotty's mind, during

pine that stood in a grove of those few seconds, was shocked at smaller trees on the slope above recognition. The tremendous size

the cabin. Even that had of the beast, the grayish tinge of

savored of an order, but behis shaggy coat and a welldefined cause he was ashamed to leave scar across his snout and head, made the work for his partner, by a rifle bullet from a trapper he

Scotty picked up the axe had killed, all told Scotty he faced and started up the slope. Old Renegade!

Reaching the dead pine he The bear was on all four feet, surveyed it carefully, selectbut a bear charges on all fours until ed the place to fall it withit nears the object of its charge.

| out damaging the smaller The beast's huge jaws were partly trees and drove his axe open, revealing the red tongue and into the dry bark. Degleaming teeth, and its small, pigspite the fact that he was like eyes were glaring at Scotty

a runt in size compared with a look of intense hatred.

Scotty had dropped the axe, knowing he would be foolish to

HE SUDDENLY DARTED FORface the animal with such a

WARD, CLOSE IN TO THE weapon. He had heard somewhere

SHAGGY, TOWERING HULK, that it is best to stand perfectly

AND BROUGHT THE BLADE OF still when facing a bear; that if

THE AXE CRASHING DOWN one does so the beast will often 524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934

turn aside. But the bear showed struck the trunk of the tree with a bering forward between the trees.

no inclination to turn and Scotty force that almost jarred Scotty "Watch out, Jim! He's comin'

was finding it hard to stand still from his perch. Hastily he tightafter you!"Scotty yelled.

with a mankilling grizzly less ened his hold, tried to distribute Hardesty had realized his danger.

than thirty yards away. his weight more evenly among the He jerked the lever of the rifle,

Frightened though he was, Scotfragile branches, aware that if the throwing another cartridge into ty tried to reason out what he had bear knew enough to try and shake the chamber and was peering across better do. To reach the cabin he him down he faced the gravest the sights. As the charging beast

must cross a stretch of open ground danger. emerged from the timber, less than

and he knew no man can outrun a The bear, still growling, lowfifty feet away, he pressed the charging grizzly. The one tree in ered his forefeet and began circling trigger.

the grove big enough to promise the base of the tree. Scotty was The bear seemed to pause at the

any real safety was the dead pine watching him anxiously when he shot, but only for an instant. The

he had cut down. heard a new sound. Out from bullet had struck but failed to find

His thoughts were suddenly inthe brush at the edge of the grove a vital spot. With another growl

terrupted by a hoarse growl and he that was really more a bellow of saw the animal shuffle forward a rage, he plunged toward the man step. Believing that meant the with the gun.

beast was going tocharge, Scotty leaped upon the tree DIG JIM was standtrunk and darted along this ing his ground, waiting that toward the nearest sapling. charge that meant certain

The man's movement death unless he fired a bulseemed to arouse the animal let that stopped the anito action. Another savmal. It was too late to

age growl came from his try and reach a tree now, throat as he moved out too late to do anything from the underbrush. He but depend upon his

paused for an instant, rifle. And Scotty,

then growled again and watching tensely, saw lumbered toward the that something had gone man. wrong.

Scotty, like most little Hardesty, his strong face men, was agile, and he pale and his lips tight, was made full use of his agility jerking at the lever of the now. The nearest tree was rifle. Evidently the last cartabout twenty feet high, with the ridge had jammed. Scotty saw

lowest branch just above his head. him take a step backward as heScotty leaped to catch this and OLD RENEGADE pulled his eyes off the bear an inpulled his body up the slim trunk. stant to glance at the rifle.

The bear, clambering upon the stepped Big Jim Hardesty, his Scotty hardly knew what imfallen pine trunk, ran along this rifle in his right hand and a surpelled his next move. He had no

after the man. The sound of his prised look on his face. preconceived plan of action, only

ripping claws in the dry bark "Hang on, Scotty! I'mcomin'!"a wild desire to distract the bear's

brought a shiver to Scotty's spine. A wave of warmth for Big Jim attention until Jim could work

Squirming frantically, breaking off swept over Scotty. Whatever another cartridge into the rifle

some of the smaller branches in his feeling he had about Big Jim's barrel.

haste, Scotty managed to draw his dominance had been swept aside Twisting down between the feet barely beyond reach of the by Hardesty's bravery in coming branches, he slid down the trunk menacing claws as Old Renegade, so quickly to his aid. of the sapling and dropped to the

reaching the sapling, reared up- "Look out, Jim! Stay back!"ground. Running forward alongright. he called. "I'm all right if he side the fallen pine, he almost

Hugging the thin trunk and doesn't shake the tree."stumbled over the axe he had

staring down at the huge beast, But Big Jim, if he heard the dropped. Blindly he reached for

Scotty didn't feel any too safe. warning, failed to heed it. He came it, gripped the handle firmly in his

The young tree was only about steadily forward. The bear, hearright hand as he ran toward his

four inches in diameter at the base ing his voice, reared up again. partner.

and the trunk was little more than Hardesty caught sight of the beast's Jim, backing up as he still strugan inch thick where he gripped it head and shoulders, snapped the gled with the jammed gun, had with his hands. His feet, high as rifle to his shoulders and fired reached the edge of the brush. He

he dared draw them without runquickly. crouched down beside a clump of

ning the risk of breaking out the The bullet must have struck, bebushes as the beast, within three small branches that held him, were cause Scotty, watching, saw the feet of him, reared its mighty bulk barely beyond reach of the beast's animal flinch and heard another on its hind feet to strike at him.

upward swiping paws. fierce growl. Then it dropped to Scotty, hoping every second to

all four feet again. A moment hear the crash of Jim's rifle, was

Striking upward at later the grizzly had turned towithin ten feet of the bear when it

Scotty's feet the animal suddenly ward the new foe and was lum- (Continued on page 566)

Religious Education—

It mayIts Importance and How

That religious education is important scarcely anyonebe Obtained will deny. Mr. Howells in this article points out how chilBy dren may receive this training and in addition quotes a questionnaire used by Dr. George Herbert Betts in finding out how

Rulon S. Howells ministers and theological students studying for the ministry

would have their children answer 75 questions. Only a part

has been attributed to the of the questionnaire is given here but enough to indicate what

ITteachers of the largest Christian ministers and theological students are thinking. It would be

Church on earth as having said, "You allow us the full control of interesting for those who read these questions to jot down their your child's religious education up own belief concerning them.

to his fifteenth year and, we will have little fear of his future religious convictions."

In the early history of the Ameramendment reading, "Congress pie during the ages of the greatest ican colonies religious education shall make no law respecting an need for direction in such matters, was a part of the regular school establishment of religion or prowho actually receive religious incurriculum. The kind or variety hibiting the free exercise thereof."struction, is relatively small. In

of that education depended largely From time to time since those fact, in the majority of cases this upon the dominant church of the early beginnings and struggles of responsibility rests almost entirely community. Peculiar as it was, religious education in connection on the home influence and what

the same intolerance which forced with elementary schools and colmay be learned in brief services on the Pilgrim fathers to seek new leges, there have been movements Sunday.

places, where they could worship initiated in different sections of the To meet this need for religious as they chose, existed among those country to include a religious course education, which naturally includes very same "dissenting fathers"in into or in connection with the regthe most important subject of contheir new locations in the new ular school curriculum, but generduct and morals for those of the world. ally such efforts have failed. Par- "danger"age of young men and

As the elementary school system ents desiring religious education women, the Latterday Saint semiof the early colonies developed it for their children were compelled naries* have been instituted to give was under the control of the Proto place them in church sponsored the daily guidance in religious testants, who introduced Protestant and maintained schools or take the thought so essential to high school forms of religious observance. chance of the child's attending age. There are over 80 of these

Those not of the dominant faith church classes and services enough well equipped and conducted semiin a particular community objected to get a fair training in their own naries, where the proper foundato conditions which constrained beliefs. tion for the correct interpretation

their children to attend or take part From the very beginning of of the gospel of Jesus Christ is laid, in apparently opposing services or Utah and intermountain history, scattered throughout these western instruction. The result was the in spite of the overwhelming mastates.

absolute separation of public edujority of citizens being members of Parents desiring their children to cation from the control of any rethe "Mormon"Church, religious become fortified in a sound underligious body. Following this sepeducation has been separated from standing of religious principles, to

aration, each denomination began he public schools. meet the religious challenges which

organizing its own religious school The religiouseducational deawait every young man or woman system, to meet the demands and velopment in Utah and surroundwho pursues a higher education in the right of the parents to secure ing states has been similar to that 0Uf colleges and universities, will the religious education they desired in other states throughout the their children to have. country. Each religious denomi- *Note: These seminaries are usually

Following the Revolutionary nation has provided facilities as located in a well -equipped building built especially this for purpose the near High best for educational it could adestab- liberty religiouswar, was not register School. course students the for The

its vancement along once.lished at the colonies own religious by all credit receive the in school high of and some

Religious equality, however, belines. courses given by the seminaries. The

came universal and complete only In spite of all these efforts on classes are held early in the morning before after the Philadelphia Convention the part of the various churches to the regular school work is started or later of 1787, in which the present conhelp stimulate religious thought in inworkthe hasafternoonbeen completedafter the forregularthe dayschool stitution of the United States was the direction of their own convicthus there is no interference with the regadopted, a portion of the first tions, the percentage of young peoular school schedule.

J

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934

do well to consider the merits and research in the school of education, request to the ministers and theoadvantages of the seminary training at Northwestern University, in a logical students to "answer the possibilities. far reaching study on "Children's questions as they would desire a

Some idea of the various reliIdeas About Religion."child of junior high school age to

gious conceptions in the minds of Dr. Betts'questionnaire was answer them."

children of high school and junior made up of some 75 questions, and Only a part of the 75 questions high school, among the Protestant addressed to over 1000 ministers of with answers based on percentages denominations, can be had by a the various Protestant churches and are here reprinted.

perusal of a recent questionnaire to some 500 theological students and investigation made by Dr. who were preparing for the minHow would you desire your

George Herbert Betts, director of istry. The questionnaire made the child to answer these questions!'

Religious Ideas of Children

the comprising Federation Chicago theological ministers students Church and from 240 returns 1039 based from on 480REPORT as questions desire following a child the school of junior they would high to "answer asked seminaries were of eight who age to answer them."(Numbers represent per cents.)

All All All | All Ministers |Theological Ministers | Theological (480) Students (480) Students1 (240) I (240) Yes No UnYes No UnYes No Un-!Yes No|Uncer- cercer- | certain I tain tain tain

% %\%\ % % I % %\% % % % | % If we pray hard enough for sunshine or

Ideas Concerning God rain will God change the weather for

Is God still speaking to us today as he us? 14 69 17 78 15

did in Bible times? 83 15 2 87 S 5 Ideas Concerning the Cuurch

Is God a person with a form like a joining? the church make it sure 4 92 4 7 90 3 Does man

that one is saved?Does stop loving us when we are God '99—2 95 bad or do wrong? 3 97—5 92 3 Do all the people who are trying to

Did God love and care for people in make the world better belong to the

Bible times more than he does people church? 3 95 2 4 94 2

today?—99—1 98 1 Does the church really help us to be

Does God fix the time for each one to better followers of Jesus? 98 1 1 89 4 7

die regardless of what the person Are people who belong to one church himself may do? 7 88 5 6 82 12 (as Methodists, Lutheran, EpiscoDoes God "speak"to us through good pal) better Christians than those

men and women of today? 98 2—96 2 2 who belong to another church? 3 95 2 11 87

us to through any spokenHas God

Bible? 82 17 1 92 5 3 Ideas Concerning the Future Life the other than books

those love do not worDoes who God die living keep in Do on those who 1 4 3 4? 92 96 ship him life? another 92 3 5 72 9 19

12 16 72 7 10Is a spirit 83 a body? without God Is lives everybody a good who life on

Does God love us more than he loves earth happy after he dies? 45 31 24 46 19 35

people of other races (Chinese, AfIs the chief purpose of religion to save rican, Indians)? 2 98—4 95 us in a future life? 17 82 1 10 86 4

Does God "speak"to us by making us Is hell a real place of fire and burning? 20 69 11 10 74 16

sorry and ashamed when we have If there were no future life would done wrong? 94 3 3 82 11 religion be of any use? 89 9 2 83 11

Will God refuse to give us help and Is there a Judgment Day coming when care if we fail to thank him? 8 89 3 7 84 all people will be assembled and God

Does God keep a record of our bad will decide whether they are to be deeds in a great book? 19 74 7 7 86 7 rewarded or punished? 48 39 13 24 50 26

Did God spend millions of years in Do people who have never heard of making the world? 67 15 18 69 11 20 Jesus go to hell when they die 7 74 19 2 81 17

Does God send storms, earthquakes, or sickness upon people to punish them Ideas Concerning the Bible for their sins? 17 72 11 6 82 12

Does God sit on a throne ruling the Did everything the Bible tells about earth like a great king? 12 85 3 6 89 5 really happen just the way it is told? 29 66 5 8 84

Did God tell men who wrote the Bible

Ideas Concerning Jesus exactly what they were to put in it? 27 71 2 11 83

Are all the stories and teachings of the equally Bible us? important for of God just as much asAre we sons 11 89—5 92

tell the Bible always reading Jesus was? 42 44 14 59 29 12 By can we

Is Jesus God? 72 26 2 39 53 8 exactly what is right and what is

wrong to do? 24 71 5 9 87

Ideas Concerning Prayer Did Jesus teach us in the Bible every- 1

Is it important to pray when there is thing there is to know about God? 21 75 4 12 81|

nothing we specially want to ask Ideas Concerning the Christian Life

God for?

If we pray will God help us pass Does the "Kingdom of God"mean the |

Jesus will come again to I when we have not time an examination when

I 9 86 82 I1 9 rule the earth? studied?.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934 527

All All All | All Ministers Theological Ministers [Theological (480) Students (480) Students (240) I (240) Yes No UnYes|No|UnYes No Un- 1 Yes No Un cer- | cercer- certain Itain tain tain % %\%\ % % I % %\ % % % % I % Is it important that we keep from all Is the reason for keeping the Lord's play and amusement. on Sunday? 13 83 89 Supper (Communion) that we canIs it a good definition to say, A Chrisnot go to heaven if we do not? 97 96

tian is a person who belongs to the Is the reason for keeping the Lord's church? 49 51 93 Supper (Communion) that we

Do people of today know and underwant to remember the brave death of stand God as well as the people of Jesus? 64 35 50 42

the Old Testament did? 91 75 11 14

Is it a good definition to say, A ChrisIdeas Concerning Spirits is tian reads the a person Bible who Is there actual called an person being or? and prays 93 89 devil the Satan) (or us makes who

Is to church going or School Sunday to want do wrong? 46 42 12 18 68 14

regularly the important of most way there spirits actual called or beings Are serving God? 15 82 91 angels? 60 20 20 24 46 30

Is doing all we can to make the world better the most important way of Ideas Concerning Religion serving God? 70 27 87 8

Does working to make the world better Have other religions than Christianity | 1 help us to know God? 88 11 96 1 any truth in them?.. | 94 ( 5 | 1 95 4| 1

Are tbere any other ways we can worship God than by praying, singing, Ideas Concerning Man and taking part in the services of the Did mankind develop from lower | church? 97 97 forms of life? |46|39|15|63 17 20

Do people who pray and go to church regularly ever fail to be good folNote: In interpreting these questions and their answers the

lowers of Jesus? 91 94 following facts should be kept in mind:

Is it a good definition to say, A Chris- 1. The content (but not the form) of practically all the items

tian is a person who tries to live as comes from children's own questions or interpretations. The

Jesus would live? 84 16 91 points asked were not simply invented by the investigator.

Ideas Concerning the Sacrament 2. inThetheviewsreport.of theTheinvestigatoreffort has beenor hisonlyuniversityto representdo nottheappearfacts

Does being baptized make sure that we I as found, leaving the interpretation to others.

are saved? 3|97|—.| 2 97 1 1 George H. Betts,

Northwestern University, Evanston, 111.

Morality and the pursuedhare andasshethe willhoundbe pursuesexceedinglythe "THEourreasonyoung wemenareandanxiouswomen forto their so clean fortunate if she is not overcome. be circumspect in andNew Day is lives the to that they come may

(Continued from page 516) House of God and receive each other in companionship for time $ 4 The Cover and for all eternity and enter into that desacred obligation the with I is this because those of speak who this cover "PZ/jE month's Improvement on sire fulfil to their the best to do kissing in promiscuouslyengage is a of Grass, Bear Era photograph all spirit pledges to those made we caresses are with other playingand J. Glacier National taken Park, by T. children Father that of our through if fire will burned be and many Glacier the of Hileman, Shop. Park Photo holy give marriage them would we this desist dannotthey from do this beautiful Because promisplant grows life of here the opportunity upon are there I practise.gerous know all ciously the in over Rockies northboth this earth. childdeliberately The stanthe questionthose even who States ern United Canada, thought and we less leads to marriage sorrow and requires that thedard of Church it. to it appropriate run disdisappointment ultimate and absolutely themselves to keepyouth

free from all sex association until Other names given to this flower are: gust, while those who do their

after marriage. Sin has paved the Basket Grass, Squaw Grass, Turkey utmost to fulfil the very purpose

way for illicit sex relations to be Beard. of life will be rewarded here and

established, promising immunity As one passes along the road in Glacier now with love, with companionwhere there is no exposure, but National Park or in the Canadian Rockies ship, joy and happiness that will that secret sin is as damning as he will see these beautiful flowers sticking be perpetuated in the eternities and though everybody knew it. their snowy heads above the surrounding will create a heaven for such noble

shrubbery. I procured a photograph of a men and women.

I know this, that any girl who beautiful specimen on the very divide beSo we feel the reasons are ample will be modest in speech, modest in tween Alberta and British Columbia. to justify us in maintaining our

dress will actions, be honored and standards are great the rewards and is copyrighted This photograph by Hileassaults the against protected and inspire to us to live to enough up and his permission. is run with except they be beasts. But man of men it us to help that do them. God

let a girl be immodest in speech and—H. R. M. we may indeed arise and shine and

dress and actions and she will be become the very light of the world.

Reminiscences of Charles W. Nibleu

PART III camped in the city on The Nibleys build a home what was later the 8th in Cache Valley—a logWE Ward Square, where the house, one room, "but no

City and County Building now queen who ever entered stands. My parents had known her place was happier or

and had ministered to many of the traveling Elders in the old country, prouder"than Jean Wiland some of them like Robert L. son Nibley was fit.

Campbell, the father of Rob Campbell, came and hunted us up, took us to their homes, gave us ville, that the road was full of food to eat, and looked after us as stumps and was not much of a road well as they could. at all, just a trail cut through the

The great question now was, brush and not very many wagons where shall we go? What shall had gone up and down that road.

we do? There were no mills or It was so rough that it impressed

factories where the family could me. I recollect that part of the trip

secure work such as they had been distinctly, but have no recollection accustomed to in the east. Neither of Ogden or Brigham City or other

was there any coal mining, which settlements.

my father would have been glad When we got to Wellsville, to work at. An entirely new mode which was a village of perhaps 20

of working and living had to be or 25 log houses, we drove at once undertaken. But where to locate? to Granny Stoddard's dugout. She

That was the question. On inhad been baking her bread in a

quiring concerning different Scotch skillet and in the fire under the skilfamilies that had preceded us to let she had a lot of the finest kind this country, we were told that of large new potatoes, for it was among others, the Stoddard family now about the 1 1th of September.

who had joined the Church and She was very hospitable to us, gave lived near our folks in the old us everything she had in the way country, had just recently gone to PRESIDENT NIBLEY'S FATHER AND MOTHER, of something to eat, but I recollect a new pioneer valley called Cache JAMES AND JEAN WILSON NIBLEY that those fine baked potatoes and

Valley. Of course we did not know the fresh buttermilk which she had

whether Cache Valley was east or THE lake was very low that year churned that morning were about west or north or south. We did and the wagon road from Salt the finest combination of food that

not know the elevation of the counLake City to Farmington was con- I had ever tasted. We were all so

try or whether it would raise anysiderably west of any green fields, hungry for vegetables, having had thing or raise nothing, or whether right out on the alkali lake bottom, scarcely a taste of anything in the the land was all alkali or was good as dry as a bone. The road was line of vegetables all the way across

land, but we were told there was so level and easily traveled that we the plains, it makes my mouth land and water to be had in abundmade the twenty miles to Farmingwater yet to think of Granny Stodance, and that timber and wood ton in a very short day. We dard's potatoes and buttermilk.

to burn could be had in the mouncamped for the night at Hector The Bishop of the ward was tains nearby. And as the StodHaight's place and our oxen broke William H. Maughan, a young

dards and others had gone to Cache into his field and ate up some of man of about twentyfive years, a

Vallev why should not we go? We his melons. I remember that in the son of Peter Maughan who was the

only knew that it was about anmorning he demanded pay for the President of the organizations of other one hundred miles'travel damage done, which, of course, he the Church in Cache Valley. He

which would take us five days. So was rightly entitled to. I have no was very kind to us in helping us

after we had rested two or three recollection of any other camping to get located, advising us how to days in the city we hooked up our place until we arrived at Wellsville. proceed to get some logs out of the

three oxen and two cows and were I remember going down Box Elder canyons and build some kind of off for Cache Valley. Canyon, before we came to Wellsshelter for the winter, both for

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934 529

ourselves and for our cattle. We brought with us to rub out the ter. In the morning I was furnhad money enough to buy some heads of wheat or thresh them out ished a piece of bread for my dinner,

wheat which we had made into as we would say. Then we would as I would start off on the hills

flour at Hill's mill, at which there put this wheat in a pile on our with the cows, but my dinner was was no way of separating the smut wagon cover and I would have to devoured before I got half a mile and chaff from the wheat, but was take a plate or something of that away from our camp and I had to all ground together and made a kind and throw the wheat up in go hungry until evening. About

black or brown bread. the air to let the chaff and smut the only clothing I had at that time

We located at the end of what and straw blow away with the was a pair of pants made from the was called the new fort, for the wind, and keep on so throwing it tent which we used in crossing the town was not laid out as it is now, in the air until the wheat was as plains, and which had grown so but was merely a fort of houses all clean as we could get it, ready for stiff and hard, being weatherbeaten huddled together for protection the gristmill. If we bought a load in so many storms, and a shirt made

from Indian raids. It was a new of wheat, which we did once or of the same material, that when it

and hard experience getting out twice, in bundles from the field, touched my back or sides, nearly logs from the canyons and getting we would take and lay those buntook the skin off, but it was the out our winter's wood. And also dles on our wagon cover on the best I had and all I had. A rope

securing hay from the hay fields ground and drive a yoke of oxen tied around my waist to hold my down below Mendon, with which around and around over the bunpants up and my shirt down. I

to feed our cattle for the winter. dles until the oxen had tramped can remember that when I was very

All these new experiences were difout the wheat. This, of course, hungry at dinner time, about the

ficult and of the worst kind, but was done where there was no only thing I could do to help my we did manage to get a dugout threshing machine, and I don't stomach was to tighten my rope.

roofed in and a little yard made think there was a threshing mawith quaking aspen poles and a chine in all Cache Valley that fall. TT was probably about the middle

shed covered with hay where we Wellsville was the oldest and largof November, or a little later could keep our cattle for the winter. est town in the valley at that time. when we completed a little one-

I recollect that the very first day Logan had merely started with room, part dugout and part log after we arrived and got our camp about half the number of houses house. We dug a square hole in

permanently pitched, my mother, that Wellsville had, and a little the ground about 3 feet deep and with her characteristic energy startstart was being made at Hyrum, then built logs around that hole, ed out and took me with her into Millville, Smithfield, Richmond 3 logs high. We built up the two

the adjoining field to glean wheat. and Franklin, but Wellsville and gables with logs then put a center

That was my very first work in Logan were the two prominent roof log and one on each side of places. that, half way down the wall.Utah—gleaning wheat. And

walking in the wheat stubble On the top of these logs we laid gleaning wheat all day, barefooted, A FTER we were through gleansmall quaking aspen poles not any was not altogether a picnic, but we ing wheat I had to look after larger than my wrist. On the top

would gather up the heads of the two cows and see that they were of these we put straw and then wheat, tie them in little bundles brought in from the range every covered that with a thick coat of and carry them to our camp. We night. In fact, I was expected to dirt. My father built a cobble

two gleaned close to onehalf herd them during the day and stone chimney in the opposite end bushel of wheat a day. We would bring them home at night. Our from the entrance or door. The

take the little bundles of heads and breakfasts were of the scantiest chimney was simply built of cobuse a washboard which we had kind, a little wheat porridge withble stones and mud for plaster, as out much milk and a little of the we had no lime or any other kind

X"brown or black bread without butof plaster that would hold. The

chimney never knew enough to draw the smoke up but spewed it out and filled the room. We had

many a sorry time of it with that chimney. (Continued on page 570)

YOUR especially in the western KNOWSnakes are so beneficial, areas of the United States and Canada, that all of us should become familiar with the venomous kinds in order that we may not destroy our friends—those

which are not venomous and which work for us by day and by night.

SWS?

ABOVE, LEFT: WATER MOCCASIN—OFTEN

CONFUSED WITH BLACK SNAKE.

ABOVE, CENTER: CORAL SNAKE.

RIGHT: COPPERHEAD.

LOWER, RIGHT: VENOM EXTRACTION—SNAKE

FANGS CAN BE SEEN PUSHED DOWN. IN

RUBBERIZED CLOTH

i\ %

fascinating, and EVENpersonto therethe mostis somethinghumane mostThey are, however, is it that rare indeed about a snake with its sinuwe encounter one in ous, quiet movement which brings hiking or camping, an involuntary shudder, yet by far for they apparently the greater number in this country have as little desire to are extremely beneficial, as they live come in contact with on rodents and insects which do a us as we with them.

lot of damage to the crops. They are not apt to

Wilfully, savagely, nearly everybe aggressive unless one will frantically kill even a suddenly startled when, as with trary is the case. The scales are

small garter snake on sight. This most animals, they would naturally shaped and colored variously on

fear of them is not inherent in us assume a defensive attitude which, the upper side of the body, but unas small children rarely display any with startling facility, can become derneath they are elongated to form but interest on first seeing a snake. aggressive with lightninglike ratraverse, overlapping sections the

Often in motoring along the pidity. free edges of which point toward

highway we will see a snake lying There are many species of snakes the tail of the reptile. Each of

stretched out on the concrete. Perin this country which are quite these transverse sections is attached

haps, being unfamiliar with these harmless to mankind, and these are to a pair of movable ribs, so that reptiles, we shudder, for they seem much in the majority. the snakes actually move on the end

to arouse in us an unreasoning fear The actual structure of snakes is of their ribs! With the forward

unless we are acquainted with them most interesting and quite complimotion of the ribs the plates are and their ways. There have been cated. The scales on their bodies carried along, each edge being proso many rumors and stories about are very small, hard and shiny, and tected by the plate in front of it, so

snakes that it is not surprising most the latter fact has doubtless given that the body slips over the surface people hold these lowly creatures rise to the popular idea that snakes of the ground. With the backward

in great dread. are wet and slimy. Quite the conmovement of the plates, the free

-X *SNAKES C. F. GREEVESCARPENTER

young later hatch. Increase in The structure of the mouth is

growth is accomplished by a shedsuch that a snake can "eat"or, ding of the skin, but before this more correctly, swallow, its prey takes place the snake goes partially even if the latter is several times blind as there is a thin layer over larger in circumference than the the eyes which is cast off at the same snake! The lower jaw bone does

time as the skin. Shedding is not extend continuously in a bony

started by the snake's loosening the structure but, instead, it is split in skin around the mouthparts by front with a ligament joining the rubbing it against some rough surtwo side bones. This feature enface, then it thrusts its head through ables the snake to work first one

and gradually crawls out of the side of its jaw over its prey old skin by turning it inside out. usually the victim is absorbed head

There are innumerable fallacies first—and then the other. When

about these reptiles all of which the food reaches the throat, the are readily believed as so few people snake gives several convulsive swalknow much about snakes. Their lows and the food disappears. Oweyes lack eyelids, hence the eyes are ing to the very strong gastric

always open, and this fact has given juices the reptile is able to digest rise to the idea that snakes "charm"quickly. The structure of the

or "hypnotise"their prey. teeth, and there may be as many as

four in the rows upper and two little forked red or black The in the is lower jaw, such that they darting seen be tongue which may assist also in the swallowing of is the in rapidly of out mouth and prey, for are they curved so that feeling sensitive of a organ highly their are points the reptile's toward is to able reptile the with which throat.

it surface discern with which the comes in contact, and is in no way In the venomous species the fangs connected with its venom apparatus are in reality elongated teeth which as so many believe. may either be caniculated on the

inside or grooved on the outside.

With many species of venomous snakes the fangs are located anteriorly in the upper jaw, and these connect with the venom sacs which are located back of the eyes. There are different

methods of striking, "he Cobra, the most deadly of a 1 1 snakes, strikes (Continued on page Photo—Mulford Biological Laboratories.

edges catch on the slightest irregularity, and the snake is able to work itself along almost silently. The

movement may be said to be a series of lateral undulations of the body.

COME snakes give birth to living young and these are born in litters; THELOWERMAJORITYEXTREMITIES.OF SNAKEPHOTOBITES SHOWSARE ON RATTHE

other species lay eggs TLER STRIKING AFTER HAVING BEEN from which the STARTLED AN532By ALASKAN Henru Iannone AFTERNOON

I could hardly expect a bear to come down the mountain in broad daylight. Maybe I'd see one yet. Disinterestedly I scanned the river,

glinting silver in the light of the setting sun. Retracing my course

of sight along the stream my gaze suddenly stopped on a large black object in the water in the shadow of a small brushcovered island.

Two smaller black objects sat close together on the sandy beach. One

moved: They were bear—three

of them, a she bear and her two cubs. With my glasses I watched

the old she bear, who was standing perfectly still in a riffle about fifteen inches deep. She had one paw upraised a couple of inches above the

water. Both cubs were sitting on

their haunches on the beach expectantly awaiting the meal. Soon

the old bear saw a salmon forging up the riffle. Cleverly she awaited

the precise moment to corner the fish. After a few deft movements

of her paw, she gave a quick slap

SHE HAD UPRAISED ONE PAW a silver, flopping salmon dog A COUPLE OF and

INCHES ABOVE THE WATER was a lazy September day. the beach near landed on theITThe Alaskan sun beat down cubs. two

with grateful warmth on the that in the squabble that ensued spawning creeks of the dog salmon. the greediest, strongest gull among "DOTH cubs made a headlong

It was the height of the spawning them would make a choice morsel scramble for the flopping fish.

season and glacier fed streams of the doomed fish's eyes. Great One of them started beating the

poured their icy waters into the clouds of gulls circled in the air salmon with a tiny clawtipped shallow Kleheenni River which watching the river teeming with paw. The other cub seized the

wound like a silver thread through thousands of fish, spawning and fish (which wasn't a very large farther struggling to get up stream. purpose teeth his below. one) in and scurried the sand flats My

I gaffed about At one time this day moutain brushcovered small the in being fifty around on the was to watch a bear trail that ran salmon at this identical place withisland, closely pursued by his little position. out moving from my this at river hill to the brother. around black down the Midway

full Literally the river of fish. was the in lolling the point. overtook warm the pursuer the island While

autumn sun I could sense some of I soon became bored watching heavily burdened pursued. With

the excitement of the spawning birds feed on fish, so I turned my the salmon in his mouth the leading creeks; the sharp calling of hungry glasses upon two bald eagles soaring cub couldn't successfully fight back

gulls and the struggling of the lazily in the sky. For half an hour so he dropped the fish and then a

spawnmad salmon as they flopped I watched them until they disapbrotherly scuffle took place. Rollin the shallows. With my binocupeared over the spruce forested ing over and over on the sand they

lars I could see great flocks of these mountains. The faint cries of the bit and clawed and pounded each

voracious herring gulls as they flew surfeited gulls, the peaceful sound other in real bear fashion. Finally

up and down the river in search of of falling water, and the caressing one of the cubs broke loose and some hapless dog salmon who whisper of soughing winds lulled scampered back to his mother, who might have unluckily flopped across me to sleep. When I awoke the by this time had several larger fish

, a sandbar. When this happened sun was low over the western hills. flopping on the sand. His brother

I could hear their raucous cries as I felt rather ashamed of myself for pursued him for a short distance, they would congregate by the hunhaving deviated from my purpose then sat down and licked first one dreds to devour the fish. I knew of looking for bear. Well anyway (Continued on page 575)

GLIMPSED IN A 533

It was Emerson who intimated that our great By FLASH movements are few—

that we catch glimpses of DR. STERLING B. TALMAGE

the "undiscovered country"only in flashes. Toe complex by themselves proved on possible answer to any question, it

says there is no such study to be merely units in a great inquires, challengingly, "Isn't that thing as a long poem, for and simple pattern, the major outthe doctrine?"

lines of which had been glimpsed The second type is more characthe poetic mood or vision in a flash. teristic of the mode of thinking of

or revelation cannot be Even more valuable was the recthe present day. In considering a

it principle to any question, possible answer the same that maintained through any ognition "Is that the inquiringly, journey the challenges, to only applies, not great length of time. In through that territory, but to the truth?"

these "flashes"Dr. Sterjourney through life. I have seen Controversy between two minds

many problems, of my own and of the first type can result, at its ling Talmage talks enothers, clarified by the momentary worst, only in a clearer understandlighteningly of a number recognition, as in a flash, of the ing.

autowill truths, type of mind the greater of outlines The first of topics. major does that reject truth of any confusion obmatically the freed from

scuring, though related, minor denot bear the stamp of his accepted tails. dogma, while the second type of

reject any Major Outlines and Minor In the series of incidents, of mind must, in honesty,

Details which this constitutes the introducdogma that does not agree with tion, an attempt will be made to what he accepts as truth. RECENTLY had occasion to suggest some of these great truths, 111

valuable be to proved Evil several have an Appearance times through which of The straight. No thinking in guides presented,I areadrivethat apparently,

priestago, in a ward years sermonize, to COME will be made attempt interesting exceptionallysome of a the meeting, name hood application. specific to make or I even problems.physiographic

ordifor presented was young man will be outlines major Only the to examine a few side tripsmade grizoffice. higher to a nation a in A glimpsed as though relastated, interesting particularlysome

tions between some of the apparflash; the details can be fitted in zled veteran in the church, well

ently complex land forms. It by the reader, as I have fitted in known for the rigidity of his ideas, he "I am not sure and said: of the landscape in the rose the details details asseemed though many I saw of advancement; is worthy described. the area before outmust be worked

larger relations could be underSuch a fitting of details around him coming out of a cigar store on stood. a great central truth is a valuable Main Street only day before yesterday."I exercise. found have intellectual I late afternoon, one Then, the that to I happened know religious, to it applied as useful area a thatdrove during through been had name whose young man scientific problems. philosophic andthunderstorm. combination The touse not did presented only not be principle guiding may The theof clouds and dusk dimmed not. could but form, in bacco, any the of one of the stated in words I just greatly; but, as reachedview as a boy experiments or two One delivered I ever knew, wisest mena there the road, point vantage on disit acutely that was proved had I class of theological which a to flash brilliant lightning. a ofcame said I tasteful to him. But when point high a member. The was effect startling. All was The older the defense in his a word us to his was; message ofthe relations the land of major replied, unctuously: "We man think."afraid be to "Don't clearin striking stoodforms out appearance very the avoid shouldness, but neither the brilliance nor 111 of evil."

the duration of the flash was sufResults of Religious I was curious, and inquired into ficient visual to bring coninto my cigar store circumstances. The Controversy thesciousness details that, the minor tobacco, sold and candy as well as

in the sunlight, had appeared so "THERE are two types of mind, the young man was employed as a complex as to obscure the greater with vastly different approaches salesman by a candy manufacturer.

outlines. to any religious problem. He had gone into the place, not to

Later detailed work in that area The first type is more characbuy tobacco, but to sell candy.

was greatly facilitated; many of teristic of the mode of thinking of What constitutes "the appearthe details that had appeared so medieval times. In considering a ance of evil?"The Word of Wis-

.

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934

dom counsels us to abstain from powerful and logical call to rehe made converts of practically all using certain things; but does it pentance. the people in town, leaders and foldemand that we avoid proximity Naturally, he caused some exlowers alike. An aroused public

to those things, as though they citement, which came to the attenopinion turned against the abuses were contagious? I think not. If tion of the city authorities. Inthat he had denounced, and the

it did, we would be under suspistead of stupidly persecuting him, whole life of the city was reorgancion if seen entering or leaving a as has often happened, these civic ized on the basis of the principles railroad station, where tobacco is leaders investigated his teachings; that this missionary taught.

sold as well as in cigar stores. Or, recognized the evils against which But, in addition to the power of

since one infraction of the word of he complained, and recommended his mission and the gift of prowisdom is potentially no more sinhim to the populace. phetic foresight, this man had a

ful than another, we would be With the backing of the authorstreak of human vanity. The date

barred from eating in or entering a ities, his success was phenomenal; that he had predicted for destrucpublic restaurant, where coffee is on tion came and went, and the city

the bill of fare. We might take continued to thrive in its new

bouillon from a soup plate, but not righteousness. The missionary,

from a cup, lest it be interpreted as prophetically inspired as he had a teacup. Only one step further been, failed in his human weakwould be attaching of a sinful imness to recognize the contingent

plication to the wearing of a wineelement in his prediction, and felt colored necktie—plumcolored himself branded as a false prophet.

would be all right, even if it were He slunk away, feeling discredited, in worrying about it, even bethe same shade—and

"What utter nonsense!"you gan to doubt the source of his insay. spiration.

But I have heard absurdities just It required a miracle to convince as great as that advocated apparhim that by saving the people from ently seriously. Perhaps there is the threatened destruction, he had

no profit in discussing them. been preeminently successful, and

However, their mention is not a that the literal fulfilment of the total loss. It has convinced me of destruction that he had prophesied

one thing, namely: would have marked the complete

The "appearance of evil"against failure of his mission. So much for

which Paul warns us, frequently human wisdom.

exists only in the eye of the beYes, that is a fine missionary holder. story. Where did I get it?

In such a case, where lies the sin? I wish I could poll my readers,

and see how many of them could answer that question; of those to

A Mission and a Miracle tenwhomper I centhaverecognizedtold the story,its source.not

"LJERE is one of the finest misIt is the story of the mission of sionary stories that I know. the Prophet Jonah, with the story

left fish out. the of able was worthy and man A the Previously, only heard I hadcalled mission. a delayed Redwoods on He

fish, the story the story of of with indeparture,his personal to due left out. mission Cristel Hastings Jonah's

terests, his By to attending while but these parts of the of book Which affairs convinced he became prehistoric pastown guardians the of of f"\H, greater truths? teaches the Which

trees other his call, entered ancient of of andthe urgency knew the—'Who

is faithpromoting? more Which years, his trueinto missionary with work

zeal. ToIf youyourcouldposterity,see todaywhattherainhavocof tearswrought shows best ther powerr i of God?

His field of labor lay in a forWould melt the rockbound tombs that eign city, where he recognized cerhold you fast Orthodoxy searching winds would moan the What serioustain abuses to which at the once asked to call among T WAS hills the preachedpeople were addicted. He principal office a highschool of once were hosts green with That of mighty

persuasively and powerfully, not trees. in a distant state, to discuss with

merely condemning the people as What grief would bare the rocks wherein him the qualifications of one of my lie yousinners, to encouraging but them students, a former young man who in to protest you rise the ways make And evils that beset them.forsake the appointfor considered being was rend the forest Of those and bleak who the convincingly, them, showedHe science. as a teacher of This ment gaunt.

dire results that must follow if they You trees who sleep through centuries in school was not part of the public persisted in their abuses, and, prorocks, school system, but was privately phetically inspired, predicted the If you could know the thoughtlessness of endowed, and controlled by a destruction of the city, and even That manlays the tallest tree low in a day, board, most of the members of set a date for it, contingent, as are The rocks of earth would fall apart that which belonged to one religious deall prophecies of destruction, on a you nomination.

continuance of the people in their In liberty, at last, could guard your own. While we were talking, a very

evil ways. His message was a (Continued on p age 566)

Let's Talk About Personcditu By MILDRED BAKER ft J The first two of Mrs. Baker's Personality /

articles appeared in recent issues of the

Improvement Era. This subject is being recognized as important in the adjustment of the

individual to environment and Mrs. Baker is writing of it in a way to make each article

interesting and valuable and the entire series truly worthwhile.

PART III are feelings and ritation, anxiety, worry and kinflow of our emotions, however, asEMOTIONS feelings are so intricately a dred ills may be regarded as cousins a gardener guides the tiny rivulet part of personality, that it is of varying degrees. It will be in his pansy beds by providing

a difficult matter to distinguish readily evident that if we are too proper and contructive outlets for lifeone from the other. We humans constantly under the influence of them. We can learn to regard

are all influenced more or less by these emotions, we shall surely decalmly, to reconcile thinking and our emotions, so it is essential that velop undesirable personality patfeeling in a fusion of logical efwe learn to regard them as factors terns. Even love may be used unfectiveness. Such a simple expein the development of the kind of wisely. Cloying, possessive, pardient as collecting stamps or milk

personality which most accurately ental love works at cross purposes bottle tops is often sufficient to expresses our individuality, our with successful personality developsatisfy a boy's natural yearning to finer selves. ment. Throttle these undesirable gather specimens. He finds emoWe have all been influenced at emotions, cast them out, lay them tional satisfaction in collecting,one time or another by strong emoaside and forget them? We canclassifying, labeling and displaying

tion. We have all at some time not. They are not so easily disthem. Such a little thing denied

experienced emotional disturbances posed of. What can we do then? the boy, either through lack of unthat resulted unpleasantly. No We can find constructive outlets derstanding the boy and his needs

one ever passes through a spasm for them. We can sublimate them. or through indifference to them,

of rage or anger without experiRemember this, that no human bemay lead to such serious conseencing various physical reactions, ing who is aware of his own power, quences as stealing. Provide satissuch as headache, digestive disturbfinds need of resorting to emotional factory emotional outlets and emoances, mental and physical languor. upheavals. tional stability is assured child and

During such time as we are domi- A child will resort to anger, adult alike.

nated by this emotion, the pulse is rage, a show of fierce, flaming requickened, the features distorted, sentment when he meets resistance. CENTIMENT, too, is a fine, a

the muscles taut. Thought is As adults, however, we should have splendid thing in its place but

stultified. The mind is paralyzed. attained an emotional stability that it is too often out of place. And

We do not think, we feel. We finds no need for such defense when we recognize its place, do we

are rendered incapable of reason or mechanisms. Emotional stability always keep it there? Nothing is

coherent thought. For the time is gained not by shutting our eyes more negative in its effect upon

being, we are reduced to the plane to the existence of emotions and growth and development than the of primitive savagery. Needless to seeking to ignore or inhibit them. unfortunate cultivation of sickly

of strongsay, paroxysms will the job. never do emotion That We sweet sentimentalism—sentiment- a definite, albeit a detrimentalhave ostrich, playing merely are then alism regarding parent and child

effect upon health. hiding our heads in the sands of relations, the facts of life and

delusion. Emotions, both good growth, one's attitudes toward

"PEAR, anger, and love have been and bad, demand an outlet and find living. The story of the woman

named the major emotions. Irit, they will. We can guide the who wept with pity at the spectacle

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934

of the homeless waif fighting to The person who attracts, who nating or at least reducing the desurvive the fury of the mechanical possesses qualities of likableness, gree of noise and confusion that storm in the theatre, while yet unalmost always walks erect, head up, surrounds us. What happens

mindful of her own coachman shoulders back. His graceful, easy when we all endeavor to talk at

freezing outside as he waited for carriage suggests confidence, couronce or when we try to talk above her on a frigid winter night, serves age, a cheerful optimism that never the radio? Our voices become high,

to illustrate the kind of sentiment fails to evoke admiration. It imshrill, harsh, grating. We can atwe have been discussing. We adults plies glowing health, hope, a mentune the radio to a softer tone. We

are often prone to interfere with tal alertness. Good posture precan wait until there is an opporthe free development of personality supposes a pleasing personality. tunity to be heard, to tell what we

in our children, in the deluded noOne is practically impossible withhave to tell. Courtesy and pertion that we are helping them. out the other. Make this experisonal consideration will provide

Children are individuals. They ment some day when you are tired, ample opportunity for all to do a

need wise, sympathetic guidance. discouraged, worried or upset and share of talking. We can refrain

But we, who in an effort to be good see how it works out. from unnecessary slamming of

parents, kind and understanding, Stand before your mirror. Look doors, dragging of chairs across the

often feel it our duty, even our at those sagging facial muscles, that floors and from making other privilege, to wrap the cloak of our listless expression in your eyes, the common household noises. And

own individuality too closely about drooping head and rounded shoulwe can ponder over this thought.

our loved ones. We deliberately ders. A pitiful picture, isn't it? Happy contented people invariably

set about to influence all their conNow, inhale slowly, evenly, deepspeak in lower, softer, sweeter tones scious thinking; we shield them ly. Exhale in the same manner. than those who are not happy or

constantly from the rigors of a Once, twice, three times. Notice contented. If you find yourself

"harsh,""cruel"world; we prothat head come up, those shoulders shouting at the children about dintect them always against other instraighten. Ah! That's better, ner time or near bed time, it may

dividuals, against themselves, that's better. Now stand "tall,"be because you're tired, overtired.

against life in general. We do not erect. Pull back those shoulders! A sufficient reason surely for imknow we are doing them a grave Expand that chest! Hold up that patience. Yes, but not a sufficient

injustice, that we are making it chin and smile! Now look at those reason why you should give way

practically impossible for them to eyes! Bright, glowing. Feel to your emotion, be dominated by

develop a positive, constructive perbetter? Of course you do. Can't your physical condition to the

sonality of their own, or to make help it. As an experiment, it's point where you feel the necessity

necessary personality adjustments great fun. As evidence that physof shouting and in other ways disand achieve well balanced indiical condition affects personality rupting the morale of the family

vidualities. development, it is important. circle. Perhaps you've noticed that

Let us, therefore, acquaint ourPersonality also hinges closely when you're cross and irritable, the selves more fully with the deep, upon the speaking voice. Perhaps children seem more difficult to

satisfying joy of knowing real more than any single quality, we handle and that that's the time emotional stability, of attaining are attracted or repelled by a perwhen most "scenes"occur. Your

emotional maturity. Let us incorson's speaking voice. Our voice instability is clearly evident to your

porate in our lives the virtue of tells an amazingly frank story children and they unconsciously unselfishness and control. Let us about us as individuals. The partake of it. You will, under the

be broad in our sympathies, ever poised, happy, well controlled percircumstances, need to avoid overon the alert for healthy, construcson speaks in a quiet, well modutaxing your physical strength by tive outlets for our own emotions lated voice that has a physiologunnecessary strain or overwork.

and those of our children. Thus ically pleasing effect. The reverse Work is a glorious privilege and

will we successfully mount the secis true of the impatient, cross, irto be reasonably tired at the end of ond step on our stairway to a ritable, worried, fearful or angry a good day's work is a healthy charming personality. person. Such persons have a harsh, condition; but fatigue from overstrident, broken, unlovely voice. work, driving one's body beyond

"\A7E now approach the third step It induces irritation, resentment its physical edurance is grave in the ascent up the stairway and resistance in others. folly and inconsiderate of the other

to a charming personality. This members of your family who must

third step is the physical plane. A "THE quality of one's voice reeither submit to your irritability

charming personality is a result of mains, for the most part, just or retaliate by giving way them- a harmonious combination of about as it was given to him by selves.

mental discipline, emotional stanature but that quality can be Everyone can learn to exercise bility, physical fitness and other greatly modified bv the way in control and moderation in physical qualities which we shall talk about which it is used. We can all help activity and direct physical expreslater, which betokens an inward to cultivate a pleasant quality of sion into channels that lead to ever

beauty gleaming through such voice, to employ clean cut enuncigreater opportunity for developphysical attributes as clear, clean, ations by removing some of the ment of personality and charm.

softly firm skin; bright, shining common obstacles in our way. Cultivate constructive physical

eyes; lustrous hair; well kept nails; Common environmental influences habits of good posture, carriage,

neatly shod feet and a sweet, clean, that affect voice production advoice and charm of personal apwell groomed person. More speversely are noise and confusion. pearance, order and system in your

cifically, personality is given physWe can all contribute to the cultihome and you will have ascended ical expression through posture and vation of quiet, calm talking habits the third step up the stairway to a the speaking voice. within the family circle by elimicharming personality.

the HEADA BUMP on From the cannoteven thatgo oncourageousfor many days,organbeforewill

artists, able of Utah's a man One his great community,Medical and Staff Health Service, snapof under the strain. to worth

Brigham Young University hisfell headupon soan thaticy sidewalk,he was dazedstrikingfor a short time. Thinking little of

it, he went on to his classroom the part of evening through like and taught eral times; had a head, the our and that onBUMPS suffering greatly some afternoon. convulsion, violent Then, which great small. are troubles, and

Indeed the similarity may not alarmed his people. headache, he went home to lie

cease there. Just as trouble in The doctor found his heart neardown. Several hours passed before

prospect assumes terrifying proing complete exhaustion, from members of his family, who supportions, only to shrivel up and forcing blood to the brain against posed him to be sleeping, discovvanish on closer acquaintance, so a pressure within the cranium ered that he could not be aroused head injuries which seem terrible which was five times greater than and called a physician. The doctor

at first may prove not very serious. normal. Despite speedy action to found him dying and quite beyond

Also, as situations we consider of lower the pressure as rapidly as possibility of help.

no consequence may bring us prolimits of safety would permit, the Contrast these two cases with found grief, so may a blow upon boy died of heart failure, without that of the miner who, while drillthe cranium, so slight that we pay regaining consciousness following ing out a shot, had a rock drill little attention to it, lay the indihis convulsion. blown through his head endwise,

vidual low even to death. "THIS patient was a bleeder, and performyet lived hisforusualmanydailyyearstasks,ableandto

A student in the bloom of bethe bump he received, mild as one may readily accept the axiom ginning manhood, while doing it was, broke a small blood vessel that "no head injury is so slight some backward diving, struck his within the brain case, allowing as to be despised, and none so great head upon a pool wall. The some hemorrhage. Healing proas to be despaired of."

bump was not severe enough even cesses are slower in those who are As our methods of transportato interfere with his coming up acsubject to bleeding; and, each time tion economize on time of transit,

curately at the end of his dive, but before Nature succeeded in sealing with little regard for material exhe did remark that it caused some off the broken vessel, exertion broke penditure, care, or caution; and as

headache for a time. During the it anew. Each hemorrhage caused our daily lives are speeded up in

next several days, he did his school a sustained rise of pressure, because every other particular, more and work and seemed quite himself, exblood cells clogged the filters more skull injuries are occurring.

cept for occasional headache folthrough which excess of cerebroSex, occupation, age, and condition lowing such exertion as playing in spinal fluid finds its way back into of life make little difference. They

the gymnasium, wrestling, or runthe veins. Every increase of presoccur from birth pressure; they are

ning for the bus. Ten days after sure there added greatly to the bringing down the young and achis injury he had a sudden, more heart's work: for the brain must be tive; they happen in the aged and

severe attack of pain, and was nourished at all costs. Such prohelpless. In view of which it

nauseated. Later he vomited sevgressive overloading of the heart (Continued on page 567)

PHILADELPHIA—FREE EMPLOYMENT

SERVICE, PROFESSIONAL DIVISION

the last few years,WITHIN the seriousness of the problem of unemployment has been generally recognized by the public. Unemployment,American SOCI The author of this article sets forth his reasons is a very genuineit is now conceded,

threat to our present order of sofor believing that a governmentoperated, free employciety. Its harmful effects are well ment service must come along with social planning ifknown.

On the social side, when unemwe are to solve many of our troublesome problems. Of

ployment is widespread business course there is a free employment service now in most becomes demoralized, social and industrial strife in the form of riots of our cities which may be used by those seeking emand strikes are prevalent and the ployment.

social institutions on which our civilization rests—the home,

school,ment—arechurchunderminedand form andof governeroded paradoxexperiencedof widespreadthe muchmentionedwant and culture,"The chiefand Howardcauses of C.depressionsHill say:

by the dark fear and unrest that unemployment in the midst of the seem to be (1) overproduction of grips the people. greatest productivity of nature and specific articles due to poor coordiFrom the standpoint of the inthe greatest industrial efficiency nation within industry and (2)

dividual, the effects of unemployknown to history. failure of coordination between

ment may be seen in the breakdown What, then, are the causes of production and consumption due of selfrespect and morale, and in unemployment in America? The to faulty distribution of purchasing

the loss of regular habits and of experts, it seems, are divided on the power."

health through the lack of proper subject. Some say that it is due to Thus the causes of unemployliving-incentives, food, clothing, our loss of foreign trade. Others, ment and depressions are by no

medical care and recreation.. that it is due to the gold standard means agreed upon; and the remeThe causes of unemployment or to the towering structure of dies offered are equally divergent.

are complex and not too well debts that has been built up. Yet Certain diehard exponents of oldknown. Formerly, unemployment others say that it is due to increases time American finance are still conwas thought to result principally in technological efficiency, or to the tending that unemployment and

from "hard times"brought about machinations of Wall Street bankdepressions are inevitable and that through some great scarcity in the ers or to basic inequalities in the if business and the country are left productions of nature or from distribution of the nation's income. alone conditions will eventually

major inefficiencies in man's indusDepressions go hand in hand right themselves.

trial machinery—causes over which with unemployment; and in "Our At the same time, more proman had little or uncertain control. Economic Society,"Rexford G. gressive students of the nation's afAmerica, during recent years, has Tugwell, undersecretary of agrifairs contend that through better

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934 539

coordination and planning, both In the third place, unemploysigned to be a permanent and confrom industrial and social standment is a permanent problem. Alstructive social measure, operated

points, unemployment and periods though business may improve and on a national scale, to aid in the of depression can be eliminated, or the affairs of the nation may be control of unemployment. Its first

at least can be greatly reduced. It placed on a much stabler basis than and most practical function is to

is through the efforts of this latter exists today, technological adefficiently correlate the available group that a national system of vances, the steady increase in popuworkers with all available jobs.

public employment offices has been lation, seasonal and periodical flucFrom the standpoint of the emput into active operation in Amertuations in business, the rapidity ployer, such a service offers valuable ica today. of changes in industrial trends and aid. Without some central clearThe precise role that a system of the growing interdependence of inghouse an employer must spend

public employment offices can play economic conditions will still leave considerable time and money in in public planning is worth conunemployment as a menace to our finding qualified workers. If he

sidering. Although new in praccivilization. Permanent measures puts an "ad"in the papers during

tice to America, such offices have specifically designed to check and times of distress, he must interview been used for years in many Eucontrol unemployment would seem dozens of applicants before finding ropean countries, so that their functo be essential if the average Amerone that is suitable; and during

tions are fairly well known. But ican jobholder is to be relieved prosperous times, his work may be

before considering employment offrom the fear and insecurity of delayed for weeks before he is able fices directly, it may be well to outlosing his income every few years to locate skilled workmen of the line certain aspects of the unemthrough social causes. sort he needs.

CINCE the public employment service registers and classifies all By A. S. CANNON

D ANNING ployment problem that are closely related to the function of suchoffices. a Public—and

T\TOW in spite of the confusion that exists in regard to thecauses and cure of unemployment, Employment Service our experiences during recent years at least three of clearly definedhave characteristics. Inthe problem's C FY FIRST KAMI NR WORK QUALIFIED, FOR OCCUPATIONALSECONDARYInto MechanicCLASSIFICATIONCLASSIFICATION

I| CITIZENLaborer FIRST PAPERSthe first place, unemployment is no PAYVETERANEXPECTED TRADE UNION longer considered to be the fault CHANGE OF ADDRESS LAST GRADE IN GRAMMAR OR HIGH SCHOOL. X | AGE AT LEAVING

solely of the unemployed indiCHANGE OF TE1, NO. OTHER8th SCHOOLINGGrade

It is recognizedvidual. hejght5-9 that AGE now

-y-AJ OTHER LANGUAGES responsibilitya large part the of 148 singleWfc laj NO. OF DEPENDENTS special.STEAKREAD*arrE ENGLISHEnglishENGLISHTrainXing WHERE35 BORN WEIGHT

Has 2 ton Stake Graham Body truck can 1929, Texaarests the causes that IN U.S. NATIONALITY YRS. with society, OF PARENTS I be used wanted. when Experienced Acetylene

I American IN STATE [N CtTY J.3, welding—- operator belargely are CITY LEAVE LIVE 13AT WORKT IN COUNTYof unemployment

yond the individual's control. BeCOLORX no carPHYSICAL, HANDICAPS X

cause of this, society is clearly obEMPLOYER—LAST REQULAR job

ligated to take such measures as it KINDH, OF& BUSINESSH, Garage, Fart owner DATE LEFT TIME ON JOQ RATE OF PAY

June 1933 1 year Just did dot you REASONcan the prevention towards of unMechanicwhat DUTIESAuto Out ofFOR LEAVINGbusiness1 fob lohqzst ADDRESS EMPLOYER—Workedemployment.

R. J. Fry Salt Lake

BUSINESS LEFT KIND TIME DATE OF JOB RATE OP PAY ON the second In place, unemploy1928 3 yeara lUST DUTIES DID YOU WHAT LEAVING REASON be a national has to andment come Auto Mechanic Acetylene ggjjjgr DO*& Out ofFOR busineoc.

JOB ADDRESS a local to the EMPLOYER—BESTnot problem. Due

forjtal HD.OCo. Motor (graaa & Slliet Jackson,

TIME OFBUSINES3 RATE OF PAY KIND LEFT ON JOB DATE ofmobility the worker, American 11,931 Z4Q.00 2 am yara

TOLT DID DOT DUTIES—JUBT LEAVING REASON FOR locality the solve canno problem

Shop ForemanWHAT Isold Bualneaa.

alone because as soon as definite headway is made in one area large A TYPICAL CARD USED BY THE EMPLOYMENT SERVICE numbers of unemployed will move in from less successful areas. To Viewed in the light of these three of the unemployed workers, qualibe truly effective, any preventive characteristics, the purpose and aims fled applicants can be referred

measures that are taken must be of a public employment service may promptly by the service to the emnational, not local, in scope. be readily understood. It is deployer upon request; or where there

540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934

are no qualified workers of the sort cient public employment system is from a social standpoint, is the needed in the region, the service can operating. control and regulation of the mireadily locate such workers through The worker also may receive gration of workers. During recent

its national organization. Also, sound vocational guidance through years, the movement of workers

with a public employment system the service. The statistics gathin pursuit of jobs has become a

in operation, employers are not beered enable the service to determine serious social problem. The rapid

sieged by a host of idle workers which occupations are expanding movement of large masses of the seeking jobs. They apply at the and which are closing down. Vopopulation from place to place reemployment office, instead. cational tests can be given, and the sults in the disintegration of social

In addition to the time and trained employment personnel can controls. The employment service

money saved to employers in actual offer the worker competent advice is able to regulate this flow of labor employment, the service gathers that will enable him to better plan by supplying only local men for workrecords and histories of and prepare for the future. jobs as long as qualified local men

workers that have a definite value Thus, in the matter of directly are available. When they are not,

in helping the employer select his aiding employers and workers alike, the service is able to bring workmen force. Such data can be far more a public employment service meets in from those outside regions havextensive and complete than any a genuine need; and it is able to ing an oversupply. In this way, any

private firm could afford to gather. operate, from this standpoint, on a necessary movement of workers can

By using these workrecords and costefficiency basis. The service be accomplished in an orderly manthe experienced employment perstimulates employment by making ner; and by intelligently transfersonnel of the offices, the employer employment easy. Also, through ring workers in terms of overpopu-

is able to make a wiser selection of the use of workrecords and exlated areas it is possible to more workers than he could make withperienced employment personnel, nearly balance the population in out such aids. workers are placed at the jobs for terms of industrial development.

Then, too, the statistics gathered which they are best adapted so that A better balance between indusby the service offer an accurate intheir efficiency is greater and the trial groups also may be accomdex to business conditions, and may labor turnover is smaller. Vocaplished. When labor surpluses are

be of assistance to the employer in tional standards and classifications discovered in occupations, the emcalculating industrial and ecoare developed, and the employment ployment service can direct newnomic trends. Or where an emsituation is organized. All of comers into lines having greater opployer is planning work in some which has a stabilizing effect on portunities, and the least successful

region with which he is unfamiliar, industry, thus tending directly to and the poorlyqualified workers in the service is able to inform him lessen the menace of depressions and the crowded groups can be qualified concerning the types and amounts unemployment. for work in less crowded lines

of labor available there. But in spite of the practical value through vocational rehabilitation.

a its public of system, employment the From standpoint of the a analysis proper coorand By greatest possibilities lie for service in aworker, system of public employjobs, dination of physwith men its social truly effects more in offices andment his makes search for a fitical disabilities aided in be may the basis inthat for it suppliesjob comparatively easy. Instead industry. ting into Ordinalrily, telligent social planning.of tramping through miles and are there great a ablebodied manymiles city of streets the a of primary of aims each day, he fNE partiallydis- that doing work menneed merely keep his registration public service, at employment well. abled equally can do menthe office employment in order.

facilities the coordinating Through instead drifting ofAnd city from service a such of public employment cityto state and state to folfrom the to given physbe couldlowing rumors of work, he may jobs ablethe icallyhandicapped andstay quietly at his assured home elseused be could bodied menthat actual when is available work he will be notified. where.

It is sometimes argued that such An employment service would a system tends to rob the worker aid "problem"workers, also. Freof initiative. To the contrary, it quently, such workers drift from

gives the worker's initiative free one job to another for years withplay. Instead of wasting his time out anyone realizing why they fail

and slender substance in uselessly to fit in. Through the workseeking work, he may use them in records that are gathered, the servacquiring the training that will fit ice is soon able to determine "probhim for a better job. Or he can lem"workers and they can then be

make needed repairs on his home turned over to caseworkers who or other property. Or he can deare able to rehabilitate many such

velop some desirable avocation. cases at a great saving to society.

Also, public employment offices The employment service may save thejworker from labor racketserve as a laboratory for employeers. Unscrupulous feecharging ment problems. Psychological

agencies and politicians have fretests are being developed in some quently exploited the unemployed Photo—H. R. M. of the model employment offices in

in the past, but neither of these THE PACIFIC, ACAPULCO, MEXICO the eastern states that are reported have room to work when an effi- (Continued on page 5 68)

The Scientist Slumber Song Beyond Belief

By Clarence Edwin Flynn By Rena Stotenburg Travais By Ardyth Kennelly

first great scientist hair sleep she tonight; has golden was my baby, God. SLEEP OLILYTHE

in the to see, laboratory land by, wonderful That's go whispering winds The little No

Has ever held a seed, or pod, The rose has faded from the sky, And Celia she has violet eyes

Or chemical at its command A white moth drifts along the pane, But Joe's in love with me!

He did not give. No learned mind The peacock shrilly calls for rain;

Has any principle discerned, Your bed is soft, your pillow white, And Ruth she wears her furs and rings

Or any fact could ever find, Sleep my baby, sleep tonight. As handsome as can be,

That was not from His research learned. And Mary bought a golden gown;

Sleep my baby, sleep tonight But Joe's in love with me!

He made the patterns rich and fine The door is shut, the curtain drawn,

To which all wondrous things are wrought. Against all comers save the dawn. He told me so a-Sunday,

The treasure of the deepest mine The firelight softly glows and gleams, The world it spun around,

And farthest ether are His thought. Upon her rug the kitten dreams, I guess I don't want golden hair

He planned each life form in the sea, My love shall guard 'til morning light, Or any golden gown!

Each glory of the flowering sod. Sleep my baby, sleep tonight.

Yet some would have them disagree It's wonderful and strange and queer,

This world of science and its God. Sleep my baby, sleep tonight, O how can such things be?

told so himself But go, that me long must you The way is

Joe's Joe—hein love is with me! that world grim must you know, -*&*&>- The

So much to learn, so much to do,

Drink Deep So many things that wait for you petal eyes hands, Rose shut so tight, "Wooden Wheels"Sleep sleep tonight. my baby, Mabel Winter Wilson

DRINK deep! Life's golden joys lie all By Lowell C. Ballard

about schooners respond slowly of A FLEET Salt Great Lake of yields Nature herAnd symphony leaning the obedient weight ** of To sounds—Alice oxen. Lee By Eddy silence is forest a the of shoutThe

dull musical chuckle The far hills the where abounds. harmonyTo salty tears, ceaseless sea of flow your air, stifled the Wheels pervade Of Wooden kissed, the waters lap canoe,Windlone OH my grief well unfathomed of From what of pools churning powdered, through As dripping paddle dips withThe rhythmic spring! must dust sigh, limitless that the sorrow bring can How splash. They clouds send shafts flashJune of sunlight silent tears, of these gush This sobs of woe!

ing through ruts—theirTo lave fingers in the melody. IsSomeit somedim bitterand distant,hurt of longrememberedlong ago AlongBetweenthetherimcrackling,of deepenedcloven hoofs

thing laboring oxen Of deep!Drink morning run hours The which Earth For Mother Volmourns? earth puffs Small of explode swiftly by fling canoes air. the heavyladen choke And runs the sand glass the outAs from of anger forth. Her stark the Her frowns beside, Close Time, crags show. grey, blades stark grass of Thin Universe, quiescent, lies enthralledThe smiles in valleys, She green sundrenched a Lie scorching beneath sun. bowed catch hold and sublime. God's harmonyTo wide, and

comesSo the farther unto my bark sings cataracts in forest streams. and shore And lips of swollen and beast The man I shall drink, deep, foreverdrinkWhere Still, icy are peaks majesty pride; and dry. parched and more. brooding, deserts purple are her Wax The cries, Plaintive hoarse shouts,

dreams. -VOfS&XKrEnduring songs-a tumult

But here she weeps, unsolaced through the waste.. the desert Moves across

years Lips That Are Loyal to Deep sea of heartbreak, salty sea of tears. Erupting dust begins

Laughter A devildance above the tortured ground;

A mocking circle of dust that spirals

By Edith Cherrington There Is No End! Far into the blue.

Intent, a buzzard-—wheeling—whirling

through the shimmering veil Looks down IPS that are loyal to laughter! By Grace Kaye

—'Happy and wholly free! of heat

Summer that knows no fading! 'T'HE end is nothing more than the beHis distorting spectacles of hate—

Sisters of ecstasy J- ginning; Upon the mute spectacle below.

The end of today, is merely the beginning

Lips that are loyal to laughter! of tomorrow Heedless Wooden Wheels. ", >-

Beautiful lips are these, The end of winter, is the beginning of Follow serpent trails of liquid dust,:

Leaving forever after summer That lead toward the flaming western rim.

The sweetest of memories. The end of life, means death-—

And death, is nothing more A hub, a spoke, a tire, a pin, a felly, or

Lips that are loyal to laughter, Than the beginning of a new life. spindle

lips are the that've These a hazard Marks end sung is no halt or lonely grave—Therefore—there

is life of insignia immortal, The grim pattern of life, as round ae earth The music The

The song of the ever young. itself. Of Wooden Wheels.

"YOU SEEM NERVOUS, UNCLE OSCAR,"SAID THE

GIRL. "COULD I HELP YOU BY LISTENING TO

YOUR LONG, SAD STORY?"SHE WAS SMILING,

BUT HER QUESTION WAS SINCERE, AND THE MAN

OPPOSITE HER FELT IT AND RESPONDED.

LITTLE HOBOBy LILLIAN McQUARRIE

Illustrated by LORRAINE CROUCH

his eyes were that her eyes might follow the >ETTY LEE looked his best feature—andout across RoyalB Gorge and into a quiet and grey. direction he indicated.

sky that matched her eyes. Now "Yes,"said Betty Lee, turning "That little peak that looks

that she was no longer appalled back toward the rivers of blue mist about as high as a thimble. Can't

by its awful vastness, the great that formed a line about an inch you see it?"

chasm fascinated her. When she from the top of the gorge. "Oh, yes,"said Betty at last,

had first glimpsed it, she had turned To her surprise the tall young smiling. "What about it?"

away quickly. It had made little man came forward and sat down "Well, they tell me that it's

shivers go up and down her spine, beside her, dangling his long legs called 'Suicide Peak'."

with its utter, overwhelming imover the edge of the cement porch. "Suicide Peak?"Her fine brows

mensity. It had made her shrink He turned to her. arched in question.

to unbelievable smallness. Now, "You don't mind if I sit here "Yes. It is tradition that an

as she sat on the steps of the hotel and chin a bit?"Indian loved a young maiden who

alone, she sighed deeply. She was She was glad he had come. He belonged to an enemy tribe, and

beginning to love it. She could seemed very friendly. his father, who was chief, would

stay here forever! But she must "See,"he said, when he finally not allow them to marry. So the

got settled, pointing a long finger, stricken young man went up toleave—.""Magnificent, isn't it?""that tiny peak out there beyond the top of that peak, after weeks

Betty was startled. She looked the turn in the river bed?"and weeks of climbing and travelup. He was tall, and had a square Betty looked but could not exing and swimming across the river

is really verychin, behind a two day's growth of actly locate the point he meant. down there—whichbeard, and a friendly smile. His The young man moved a little swift and dangerous—and reached

nose was singularly attractive closer to her and pointed again so that little thimble peak at sunrise.

a

"So am I—a hobo."

"Where are you from?"

"unless you The girl hesitated a moment and then countered, "Where are you?"If'take it in

"Boston."'hand, youror miles more,""Must be—ten self. Then head. her scratching Betty, it said can you make this. gale followed mirth of A hapturn out "I'm a long way from home,"

pily."he said, "thank the Great Spirit!

said nothing, He for a few moBut I'm going to be discovered."toand ments they sat in morrow—and then—"What?"

girl silence the won- "I'll have to give all of this up if dering he had freedom—everything."—my he heard. Suddenly discover to you? is going "Who Ji. v the flap snapped open not Betty was mother?"Your at holster a leather of looked smiling, her companion but

his side and drew out a at her closely. pair of field glasses. He

adjusted them W "You're making fun of me,"he and held said. twentyone over "I'm

eyes. to his them than you can say."more which is

"Look at the peak through Betty said nothing. It was true,

I these,"he said, at last. "I but she would not admit it to this

think they're focused properly."strange man.

her eyes and Betty held them up to quesdidn't answer my "You scene the brought suddenly was her, tion,""which reminded he her, very near before very and in had to do with your little home startling. the over peak All town."

question, which was very large, Betty sat silently staring into grew pine trees. For a moment she space. Seeing her reluctance, he

sat staring at it, her lips parted, dismissed the question. threw He disheveled hair light her brown sorry. But I'm mind. "Never himself from feel his could in the wind. She invigorthis the mountains, and

it in the of top her. eyes on so air seem the world ating make defiance his of she story,"that believe don't "I I a for that friendly to moment me father, had who couldn't laughed. jump 'They strangers."forgot were we for high hopes him, are too peak. that There from stiffening. Betty was His manner

is politically. to Thtat trees."many a disarming flashed suddenly him "tribsay,"grinned, he ansorry,"the very "I'm man smile.

ally. that All the Indians eyes his twinkmournfully, swered said. she are forgiven,""You I agree encountered have on I ling, would. you "I hoped with glad. began he Say,""I'm story. that sayI of them Some it laughter just Their up."made enthusiasm, you "Wouldn't new girl the his exnoble followed its still air, in the out and rang the there like over toward to walk it. It'sample. hotly deny Some tossed back caught and echo up was the through edge look down, anda story, good what?"the distant of to the rim them by glasses? on!"Come a Lee, agreed "Awfully,"Betty gorge.

doubtfully.shade a not "But girl, a the said "It's funny,"hairraising a was I-T one."happy later, the looking through moment girl experience, the although and smile. smiled. his liked Betty He a glasses here again. "I've been in felt posi- a as were she thoughIt did her. to caught something She it looked I didn't dream week and death, to hurled tion to be sudden breathher sharply again looked and like that."steeled herself against crying sheat the distance. in the peak She asked. Betty he week?""A out.

it that harder to lookfound was glasses he the and handed back girl said, I he "Every know,"eyes, hisinto that he had now just again. "I them looked through their as backs turned they warmly, like that.smiled I this ran here away."got morning. shriekthe have chasm, "would on

"You like happy endings,"he "Did youl"ed out when they saw that sight! I

said, slowly. "So do I. But life "Yes."His voice was confidenlike you for being

isn't like that."He shook his head, tial, and amused, as though they man."There was a—a—gentle-a moment of

and the corners of his mouth tightwere fellow conspirators. He silence in which Betty felt amply

ened with a downward tendency. placed the glasses beside him on the repaid for the selfcontrol she had

"Real life,"he said, "plays tricks step and looked into her eyes. "I exercised, and then he asked:on you, and traps you, and turns ran away. I'm a tramp—"What party are you with?"

out badly."hobo—.""None,"said Betty, simply.

Betty looked at him steadily for "None! You mean you're

a long moment. He was watching DETTY'S eyes were traveling alone?"

Suicide Peak. wide, but she caught his twinkle "Why not? I told you I was a

"It does,"the girl agreed at last, and smiled. hobo. (Continued on gage 563)

m mVMmSiwHllr

tically every public building and many of the dwellings of the present city erected.

Ensign Peak, to the Latterday Saints, is one of the most beloved of all western landmarks and thatis true whether the Latterday Saint has ever seen Salt Lake City and the valley over which the peak stands guard or not. Symbolically it represents the exact spot where the ensign to the nations

re ms pi ULA5SE-; || I was "set up in the tops of the mountains."

Although Old Glory flew from the first improWOO: A. 3 vised flag pole on the peak and still flies, on special occasions, from the fine metal tripod now

: - fTAS/S FITTING HMl erected, Latterday Saints saw enveloping and

overshadowing and protecting the Glorious Banner another banner "not of this world"—the

''.'- '::>; >.''':..: of the banner of God. Kingdom

It is fitting that Ensign Stake, named from the peak which it surrounds, should mark the hisTHE PLAQUE PLACED ON THE MONUMENT ON ENSIGN PEAK torical spot with this monument. It was thoughtful of them to invite all of the stakes of Zion to

fln Ensign to the Nations sendfine ofa sostonemanyto bestakesplacedto respond.in the monument; and

piGHTYSEVEN years ago on July 26 eight As the crowds of people witnessing the ceremen climbed to the summit of Ensign Peak, mony turned from the monument to. look down

from which Main Street in Salt Lake City might upon the beautiful city at their feet and the valley have been laid out, so directly south from the base which spread away to the encircling embrace of of the peak does it run. Among the company were mountains and the lake which lay like a piece of

Brigham Young, the leader; George A. Smith and sky dropped from heaven to the northwest, over

Wilford Woodruff, two of his able lieutenants. which the fires of the closing day had been kin-

.On July 26, this year, a monument placed on dled, exclamations of delight—almost of awe,

the peak by Ensign Stake made from stones from burst from their lips:

many places including more than 80 stakes, was "How peaniul, how safe, how splendid that dedicated. Among those assembled were President valley must h/ve looked eightyseven years ago

Heber J. Grant and his cousin and First Counselor the great Capitol crowning its own hill were but

Anthony W. Ivins, the one nearing his seventyeighth birthday and the other his eightysecond,

who played around and upon the peak nearly three quarters of a century ago. Sons and grandsons and great grandsons and great granddaughters

of Brigham Young were present, as were Superintendent George Albert Smith, master of ceremonies and son of George A. Smith who visited

the peak that first day eightyseven years ago.

President Grant, President Ivins, and Superintendent Smith all made short addresses* the Reverend John E. Carver, of Ogden, being the principal speaker. -

In the course of his remarks President Grant said that when President Brigham Young made his famous statement "This is the Place,"he did not have in mind little Salt Lake Valley only, but all of the Great Basin and intermountain region.

"Had President Young secured from the nation the grant for which he asked,"President Grant continued, "Utah would have included a part of

Idaho, a part of Wyoming and Colorado, a part of Nevada, all of Arizona and even a part of the southern tip of the state of California. Had he

received that grant there would have been no six states making a Colorado River pact; Utah would

have been another Texas."

President Grant stated that he was born on the exact spot where the Z. C. M. I. now stands ATPRES.THE HEBERUNVEILINGJ. GRANT;OF THELEFT,ENSIGNPRES. PEAKA. W.MONUMENT.IVINS; RIGHT,CENTER,SUPT.

and that he had seen during his lifetime pracGEORGE ALBERT SMITH.

;!! a

i:?5I?iilillSi i

dreams! How tenderly beautiful, how fulfilling less. I'm grateful today for a vacuum cleaner

they all seem now!"which makes fresh our rooms without strangling

No wonder that they sang the third stanza of us with dust; for scientific understanding of bac-

"Come, Come Ye Saints"with fervor: teriology which directed me in a method of putting into bottles the ripe fruit we could not eat

"We'll find the place which God for us prepared today and saving it for winter when we will eat

Far away in the West it with thanks and whole wheat bread. I'm

Where none shall come to hurt or make afraid, thankful for a telephone which enabled me to blessed. the Saints will be There with friend help speak to an absent me who could

ring, the We'll music air with make ruststain for taking a of out a suggestion new

Shout praises to our God and King white skirt; and for the mailservice which

Above the rest these words we'll tell, brought a message of cheer from across the contiAll is well—all is well!"nent to invigorate me with its sweetness. I'm

thankful for water and a tub that the benison

Prelude to Several Things ofingcleanlinessin a forgottenmightcornerbe mine;of theforgardena flowerto bloomtell me

are jsoaring and to list the hundreds of other thankswinning"THEscorcher—officialday this editorialtemperaturesis being written is a that courage conquers obstacles. There isn't room

little daughter, the ununofficial ones on the front porches of the nation blessings—the smile of a

go still higher. It is too hot to think of heat; asked expression of friendship from a neighbor,

too dry to talk of drouth; too withering to speak the courtesy of a total stranger on the street.

full of causes forof sunstroke. The one saving possibility is to Today—and every day—ispull the shades a little, drink a swallow of icegratitude—a prelude to Thanksgiving

water and play that Thanksgiving is just around What are the gifts I can give today? 'Conthe corner; and if possible to shiver. sideration to an idea expressed by one whose ideas

And after all, isn't Thanksgiving just in the I do not like, as a rule. Perhaps I might learn to

offing, with Christmas and the New Year only a see that they are better than mine. I can give the

step farther than that? In the sense of timelessgift of cheer to the man on the street who lost

ness which comes into life after the first few years both legs in the war; a penny might seem like

Thanksgivings and Christmases are never very charity to him but a bottle of water to drink far away. Before it seems possible turkeys have without effort will not. I can give the service of

left the field and fence and are hanging in feathermy hands in preparing clothes and food for toless immodesty on butcher's hooks, and holly morrow, the Sabbath day, that those who depend and tinsel sprout in store windows. With a rush on me may have moments of tranquility otherwise

and scramble we realize that it is time to get ready difficult. I can give silence to those I might offend

figure by speaking hastily; and speech to those who willfor the holidays—to clean and plan and

for others—and joy enters our souls in our forbe lifted by my word of appreciation. Today

full of gifts to be giving—getfulness of self and gratitude for and toward and every day—is

others, and toward the Giver of all. prelude to Christmas!

It isn't necessary to feel the actual tang in the What preparation can I make for the New Year air and smell apples in the basement before we which will appear on the horizon of days so contact the contagion of Thanksgiving and incredibly soon? After all, each day is the beChristmas. It isn't even desirable to postpone ginning of a new year, and calendars have little

consideration of good resolutions until the sound to do with character. January will bring no

of pistol shots in a starry night arouses us to the magic potion to make me better and stronger in realization that another year has dawned. To my determination to live a good life which July

procrastinate in this way is to lose much of the cannot supply—and August and September. Tocharm and magic of the holiday spirit; to limit day I can resolve to eat a little more judiciously;

gladness and joy which should and could be to overcome my tendency to read before getting illimitable and measureless. Today can be the dishes done; to pick a few flowers for shutins

a prelude to Thanksgiving, and today can be every evening; to inject more of the spirit of play

fraught with humble worshipful realization that into the routine duties of the household. I can

Christ was born in a manger, and today can be resolve to take the exercise I need; to finish the

the day that stock of ourselves is taken and weaksewing I began a week ago and cast aside in disnesses recognized and catalogued and resolutions gusted desperation; to pick out fewer and better

for improvement formulated and equipped with a radio programs to listen to. Today—and every

selfstarter. day—is full of the need for resolutions made and What isi,there to be thankful for today? The kept—a prelude to a happy New Year

fact that America is still the land of; the free and Forgetting dates and weather and holiday

that warclouds hovering over the world have not decorations—remembering people and lives and

cast their shadows across our fair domain is reason the joy for which man was created, each one, enough for gratitude to last indefinitely. Thinkeach day, can lay the foundation for teal holilast the entire year around!ing through the day and its blessings every human days—the kind whichbeing in America could compile a list; almost end-—E. T. B.

.

THEhomenightandthattoldmyMotherfather camethat Faith? YeSy and east,and nowbeforesheshewasjoinedtrainingthe Church,a choir Discipline—the two to sing in the ward house. In we would have to move again

I thought certainly she would rebel are companions walkaddition to rearing a family, keepafternoon that it. Justagainst we ing hand in hand to a ingChurch,house,Motherand workingheld a dancein thein the farm, together overhad walked

forand mother had commented about great Tomorrow. our home every two weeks

how happy she was that at last This youthful Salt everybody who wanted to come.

course, always played, of and She fruit. toil bearing incessant wasour caught has boy Lake prepared immense beforehand an said all it she looks,"nice "How Brother Stringham "lunch."Old spirit his the foreof field nearly of the indicating me,to help the to used dances and to come in slightly rippling grainripened bears. all at fiddle. his out But with trees, fruit the breeze, youngthe

life events, mother's was now my barns. 'Thank paintedthe newly in in which channels the flowing

God we've got a home at last, someshe wished it. She worked unbewhere a place permanent,thing we lievably hard, and was very happy.

filled a little."Her eyescan rest

with tears, and she stood a long No one could ever know or extime silently observing the fields. press how Mother felt when Father

When we walked back to the house, came home from his visit to SaltMother unlocked the piano and Faith Lake (we lived in Bountiful at the

President that us told time) and always time. It was a longplayed By as one of chosen dishad him Young very she was eithera sign that

couraged or very happy when she the men to settle the southern parttook time from her thousand tasks MILTON RIDGES of the territory. It meant uprootto play. ing everything which Mother had

That piano was as much a part toiled so hard and so long to estabof my mother's life as her indom- "Build a raft!"he echoed, his lish. Everything—leaving the

itable spirit or her great faith. At voice rising. He was excited and unwilling land which was being

this time it was one of the three nervous after the harrowing exwhipped into shape to produce the a decent should; farm what rather "Beckie, in the entirepianos periences morning. of the state—or

cultural life of our pleasand since that social this was tired manythe territory, of dragging I'm sick and years before Utah became a state. danged pianer around anyway. ant community. It meant leaving

That the piano was here at all was Y'might jist as well make up yer friends and neighbors who had remarkable, and a tribute to her mind to leave it here; it'll be good with us shared the backbreaking

character that no one realized betriddance."task of turning alkali desert to ferter than I. One of the most vivid Her face paling, her eyes blazing. tile land. It meant the leaving of

recollections of my entire exciting Mother looked my father straight all this, and the marching once childhood is the immense labor it in the eyes and said: "If you leave again out into sunblistered alkali

cost us to float that piano across that piano, you leave me. And Utah prairie, to attempt to build a

a swollen river during the course we're goin'to get it across safe too, white man's home in land that the of our long and arduous journey if I have to build a raft myself."very Indians spurned.

across the plains. In the first place Something of all this mother atmost of the women and practically CHE won out. Pleading, scoldtempted to tell my father when he

all of the men of our company coning, swearing, reasoning on the broke the news to her.

sidered bringing the piano at all a part of all the men in the company it, Rebecca,"he saidpiece of incomprehensible insanity. were all of no avail. They built "I know

But Mother prevailed upon Father the raft. It took the rest of the (Father always called my mother

to bring it. I think he realized that day to construct it too, because they by her real name whenever he felt

particularly gentle her) towards fell trees timber, the get to to had a little more thinwasmy mother I told the president "That's what six miles for to they sensitive and go than had a littleskinned, more the majority of pioneer women, the trees, and have them dragged when he told me about going. He

and that she was making a greater back to the encampment by horses. said that was the very reason why

sacrifice in leaving civilization for Early the next morning, the he was calling on us to do this, the wilderness than the other wompiano was hoisted out of its covered because we had made such a success en, immense as that sacrifice was wagon and put on the raft, and the of building a home here."

for all of them. whole business dragged to the river Mother answered nothing. She

But she almost lost her piano at bank. Mother got a long pole arose quietly, and went outside.

this particular fording. The river herself and boarded the raft. We could see her walking down

was swollen by floods till it was a "Hiram,"my mother said grimthe path toward the barn that we roaring torrent. The company ly as the contrivance began to move had just finished painting a brillost two supply wagons and four midstreamwards, "if my piano liant red. It was twilight and the

oxen in getting just half our numgoes down, I'm going back."It sun had almost set; there were a

ber across. Father told mother was got across safely. few streaks of brilliant orange light

that it was simply out of the quesSo my mother saved her piano, across the horizon. She was walktion to even attempt to get the and now she had a home where ing toward the sunset, and I'll

piano across in a prairie schooner. she could feel herself secure and never forget the ache in my throat

"Very well,"she said quietly, established. She was very happy. that the sight of that courageous

"build a raft."She had been a music teacher back figure silhouetted against the flamTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1934 547

ing orange sky caused to lodge during the day, because he knew I had never seen anything like it there. Presently it grew totally her disposition to worry. But at before.

dark, and we could see her no supper time Mother, of course, "Well, gargle with hot water, longer. noticed his condition. and get to bed,"my mother directing, Will'll have to go to Provoever—aShe wasn'thalf hourgone possibly.very long, Whenhowshe"What'sasked. the matter, Hiram?"ed. "If it ain't better in the mornshe returned we were still sitting "I got a sore throat,"he anfor a doctor."

where she had left us. swered. There was no doctor in our

"Hiram,"my mother said, her "Is that all?"she asked anxioussmall town, and Provo was fifty

voice quite steady, going up to my ly, "You look mighty sick to me."miles away.

father and putting her hand on "I feel awful funny, too,""Oh, I'll be all right,"said my his shoulder, "of course you told Father answered. father. "There's no sense in going

for to a sore throat."go.President that Provo would we Young

see throat."your "Let He me the tonext get to morning, can begin ready But he wasWe the his "That's opened mouth. all right; sickest the not hemorrow."was man

I ever throat strangest looking

I seen. ever again. had very Mother was we moved WhatAnd

- sh w".e rest worried.ever puzzled the the e* of and might world

it, at saidfwning to she me. Will, Look j aftf tothink about shouM Young, Brigham Well gQ father's throat coated was My I asked. doctor?"the mother, he spoke withmy

sanction and under the guidance with a sort of whitish looking film. (Continued on page 568)

of Almighty God. -"KkfsJBVs*-

T HAD one sister, Mary, and two brothers, David and John, who were twins. Mary and I had been

born in the east, the twins just a year after our arrival in Utah.

From the first, things did not go well with us in our new home.

In the first place, the land itself which was our farm was the most difficult to till that a white man ever settled on. The farm of course

had to be irrigated, but this soil did not respond to irrigation like that farther north. Then we had

trouble with the stock; it seemed

that we always had sick cattle to worry about. A great many of

them died. But the factor which

was an especial trial to Mother was the appearance of our new homesite. It was the dreariest, the most

uninspiring landscape to be imagined. There was nothing but

stretches of undulating sagebrush prairie. The soil in this region has

a very striking red tinge in it, and this red ground used to give back the heat of the sun with what seemed an almost conscious malevolence.

But never a word of complaint passed my mother's lips. She

worked as I have seen no one in my life work, for in addition to her duties at home, she was the teacher at the village school.

My mother's faith was tried severely when we had to move, but even the moving was to pale against the new trouble which was in store for her.

One day my father had a slight sore throat. He worked all day in

the fields, but by nightfall was quite sick. He had not said anyMR. AND MRS. ROY ROCKWELL SAN FRANCISCO STAKE

thing to Mother about his throat 1934 WINNERS CHURCHWIDE GOLD AND GREEN TANGOWALTZ

LIGHTS and SHADOWS on foe SCREEN

TheWhenParty'sBruce,Overthe hard(Columbia)working,: TPROM the office of Motion Picbiningfor the Family.to make one of the year's best

selfsacrificing son, decides to alture Producers comes this He Was Her Man (Warners) low his family of parasites to letter: "Dear friends of better Sympathy for the criminal is the emoisfend for themselves, an amusing compictures—It looks as if all the tion evoked in this sordid film, which

edy is stirred up, well cast and ably world was awakening to the rush of regulation gangster type.

directed. Family. for better pictures. Some of it is Murder on the Blackboards

The Great Flirtation (Par.) sane and entirely justifiable; some (R. K. O.): An oldmaid school

Well directed picture of theatrical peoof it the superreformatory type teacher with flare for playing detective, ple which has little interest for children that tries to crush all life into its solves a murder. A lapse of taste to

but much for Adults. own personal point of view. But picture teachers in unethical roles.

I Give My Love (Univ.): Vivid inevitably the industry responds Adults.

"Madame X"type of story, revealing to this push. After all their purTHE THIN MAN (M. G. M.): Sothe sacrificial depths of a woman's love. pose (u>hatev\er mistakes they phisticated, fast moving mystery drama

Adults. have made) is to make pictures not recommended for adolescents and

Let's Talk It Over (Univ.): that will bring the public to the children because of risque dialogue and

Story dealing with a rough and contheatres. * * But now comes much drinking. Adults who like the

ceited sailor who rescues a society girl the real test as it relates to us. type.

from drowning and then gets into the Philip Schuerer recently said, GREEN Eyes (Chesterfield): Wellsocial crowd. The picture is full of 'You can reform the movies, but played, wholly delightful mystery

bad manners, incessant drinking and can you reform an era?'The picdrama in which a clever novelist aids,

poor motivation. ture makers face the problem of the detectives in solving a murder.

Let's Try Again (R. K. O.): making chemically clean pictures Clever combination of mystery, comRealistic social drama of the monotony that will still prove interesting to edy and romance. Family.

(Gaunlife remedies. Jewof married and possible Wandering The that asks public the public—the

sensitive: Profoundly British) observable,Little plot is but mont entertainment. is entitled to the fine and

cast, wellwritten continuity and So we have to think of how this and moving interpretation of the classic dialogue and general effect provide a public has been treating these tale of the Wandering Jew. Spiritual

rather worthwhile hour. Too much finer class pictures. Some of the values are outstanding, for the story

drinking. Adults. notable pictures have been notsymbolizes the upward struggle of

Little Man, What Now able financial successes."And mankind from materialism to com-

(Univ.): Tender love story of a then the letter goes on to tell of munion with God. Adults and Young

German youth and his young bride, a number of better pictures which People.

and his desperate struggle to earn an have been sorry failures, finanKiss and Makeup (Par.): A

honest living under economic stress. cially, and concludes: "The beauty doctor falls in love with his

So well directed that interest is held above is just a suggestion for us masterpiece only to find that a wife throughout. Adults. lovers of better pictures. The absorbed in her own beauty is not all

Most Precious Thing in Life cleansing of the movies seems a wife might be. Good comedy marred

(Col.): A woman, separated from well under way. Can we clean by slapstick finale. Children wouldn't

husband and child by interfering inup the demand?"like it.

laws has the opportunity afforded her Here Comes the Groom (Par.)

to help in directing her son's character. Fast moving farce with mistaken idenWell done. Family. tities, conniving wives and gangland

Life of Virgie Winters (ft. K. influence. Comedy borders on slap-

O.): Another unethical, though well stick and dialogue is occasionally sugpresented story of illicit relations pregestive. If they like the type, for

sented in such a way as to win audience Adults.

sympathy to the sinners and antagonism Are We Civilized? (Raspin):

toward the wronged wife. Too bad. Serious, timely social drama, outlining

presto the the cave climb from (Par.): Mediman's Shoot the Works world's the a series of of pictures ent, in egotistical, irresponsibleocre story of an

all of teachers, religious whom descends great for abarker cheap show who of love justice, tolerance and taught success as his sweetheartthe ladder of rises. Unobjectionable, mainly, for fellow man. The story is gripping and

Family. emotionally strong, permeated by fine

CALL IT LUCK (Fox): Fleeced schoolsidealism.and Family,colleges. churches, highcrooks, the same a Londontwice by adap- (Warner) An DR. MONICA

finally his enemies outwitscabby is un- a stage at tation play which: of

their own game. Somewhat farcical, worthy. Good cast and acting fail to

and unbelievable. Family counteract the trite, mediocre, unconEmbarrassing Moments (Univincing and wholly unethical story.

BEERYversal) to warped due recommended, IN "TREASURE ISLAND"Notvelop when: Seriousa practicalcomplicationsjoker is givende-a WHO PLAYSWALLACE values. treatment and twisted

dose of his own medicine. Fairly good arrives and fixes things. Excellent for Randy Rides Alone (Monocomedy, possible for Family. Family. gram): Well told western that deWe're Rich Again (R. K. O.): Treasure Island (M. G. M.): parts from the usual routine and dePleasure-loving family has lost its The delightful Stevenson story comes velops against a background of beauwealth and is in dire financial straits to life on the screen with photography, tiful scenery, fast 'action and excellent

until a subtly naive country cousin direction, casting and adaptation comriding. Family.

msmmmmmmmmm:.;.:. iV........;':'".: mmm

MNr-

(A Digest of Current Magazine Articles*)

Masters of Use controlnecessitiesof requisitethe massto purchaseslife. of all expandingmated by thisleisureacquisitivein this agepassionof scienour

Lewis A. Riley, in the Forum for Both producer and consumer need tific plenty has produced a wealth of

August, 1934 to realize that healthy and vigorous animal satisfaction beside which reoppositions of selfinterest are the basis ligion, art, literature and social betMANYperts—appearof us—evento financialbelieve thatexsociety.of permanenceCreativeand conflictstability orin cooperhuman termentIt is certainhave fallenthat intoour decay.race is not yet

in the boom years from 1923 ative opposition is the actuality on exhausted; it still has vitality. Out of

to 1929 worker payrolls and which stability must rest. We need not our present ruin will emerge new and

salaries and the national scale of living go far to find natural oppositions of nobler patterns of conduct and living.

rose to great heights. As a matter of economic life; wealth is the balance There is a new social order, a new

fact the purchasing power of wages between Make and Use; the Maker economic system gestating today; we

and salaries increased only 4% up to creates; the User destroys. Neither cannot predict what it will be; we

1929 and the volume of trade increased can progress at the expense of the other. know only that the forces released by

only by the same percentage, while the Under the present system, American science and industry soon must be contotal purchasing power of interests and industry must compete, exploit the trolled and utilized or they will destroy dividends increased in this period by worker, duplicate manufacturing and civilization. The present bewilder160%. The Masters of Make almost sales facilities, ruinously waste the nament among our leaders, the moral and

tripled the normal increase in industion's resources. The more rational material disasters which overwhelm

trial equipment and productive investmethod would be to balance a centralsome of our people, the wastes of ment; they had a gambling orgy and a ized production management with an human energy and natural resources

that was, asproduction expansion their are utilized for we organized the consumption which few control. Why by

insane. it, almost Butlook back upon take less less the consumerworker endurshould not and grow own benefit,

it did not expand normal trade nor over the management and mutual able. Evolution or revolution in the

mass purchasing power nor the naownership of all wholesale purchase world of sociology and economics is tional scale of living, even at the peak and distribution of consumer goods? inevitable.

of Weits frenzy.sometimes forget that wealth is Thefalse ballyhoopresent enormousof advertisingexpensecouldandbe forwardWith tothethiscouragechangeofwithfaithnowedespairlook

livinga relationship not an and explicit brief, fear. or consumer confusion, inert replaced of our present Out by

'gold,thing takes the of which form rate arise a will goods desperation misery publications which would and property, or goods in warehouses; it fairly. Under this system enormous nobler civilization and a rededication

is a balanced process of Make and Use. mechanical benefits to society might be to immortal purpose!

When one of the two fails or weakens, developed which now are suppressed is It automatically destroyed.wealth profit. in increase offer they because no the Turns Tide Youth therefore,was, destruction a tragic of

is is steady sure a needed and What teal wealth withdrew Makers when financing consumerwork- of method in the Goddard Leach By Henry Forumexcessive credit gold from and money this ers'to power; and do puchasing for August, 1934 stream,the between and wage 1925 the put such be beyond must power

Users'thus power. and1933 weakened recently in contest held A is POETRY interest sole those of control whose

a of conception mistakenMakers had colleges *r> has procountry the of the stability profits. Social to and expand

profit;the nature they unlimited of first is several the surprises. duced The the are justice obtained practical not by

dividends corporheaped and up extra college stupopularity of verse among over anof preponderance one group ation surpluses to gave no heed and five dents; students from two hundred of should be relieved other. Producers

lagging thethe of consumer power it entries quality colleges the sent of and restrictions congiven monopolistic and to the use of productsworker and buy definitely a that to superior of was of trol supply output, production over this productive enormously expanding in ago, generation conform and both their material and power and own left resultsystem. as questions a The tent. pass fuel; consumers'goods would

are these: final collapse long can How is is surprise that jazz conthe condirectly of A second hands through

societyof avoided? our economic be its in the verse absence; spicuous by profits excess agents, sumers'with no

will long subconsumer-workersHow is collected, quiet general with and carecharges allowable handling and this to progressivemit debasement? flights rhythmical, of fancy normal and fully calculated. ownership Consumer

to a exlook"We forward bloody and the imagination. love poetry Even balance property thus with would

struggle behausting employers with this: further went than no profit conproperty, production with

liftfore the plan of to organized labor usage. sumer

salariesthe the of wages country and less love the we Do in face of the future problems We succeed.can to is labor appeal quiet? our love now That We

to consider with clear heads that this expanding leisure, a time wherein we That we find heartpeace battle to which it is addressing itself can not only create the stuff to supply Though we miss heartriot?

in desperation is a hopeless one and animal needs but freedom to create that as a body of consumerworkers it those values which are immortal and Another surprise is the absence of can reform in a stronger way which ofimperishable. For many generations the satirical, iconoclastic attitude which

fers a greater and more permanent victhe scope of man's physical pleasures overtook youth after the World War.

tory. Labor cannot succeed until it has expanded but his spirit has narInstead of sardonic irony we find cheer

joins forces with consumers and secures rowed into an intense passion to "get."and hope and a creative state of mind,

His nature has been turning into a "We are alive again,"is their refrain.

*Used by permission of publishers. stagnant pool of accumulation. Ani- {Continued on page 568)

jBgssoasnanttn

Tobacco and Women

is this feeling limited ominous Effect Upon Women and yearslose someadvance,finenesssuchof soulwomenthat formerlyseem to to Northose actually write who upon

Young Girls characterized them. It is only natural subject. One of the most prominentthe

that any the should abhor destined man learned and in physicians the world, effects of tobacco sweetheart, line, wife upon in his said, recently in speaking sister. or calledINandthewriter,words "Womanof a famousis a separatesurgeon beautiful to be before a When medical gathering:

being from man; cannot and you is the delight major of every is woman, "It race, a sad for the day when judge her grosser her mate."by could strike anything surely at more our future take mothers to the use of

is This another saying that the of way desire the her of heart? tobacco, for they thereby unborn; doom

is, organization in of the main, woman is this loss of Nor the beauty most to generations physical deand mental delicate sensitive more that and than effect grave of tobacco the female upon generacy."

is of Especially this man. true of her organism. Dr. Note what is has Lorand a in statement Such conformity nervous system. particumore And to say: fact the with poison that any which

is it larly in the apparent functioning habit of acts "The smoking even enters the the of blood expectant of the diversion her of injuriously more the delicate orupon also circulates mother that through of nervous part govwhich girls ganisms it of than young does foetus, sympatheticsystem—that the it on predisposing to maldeerns processes not presided over by yet, the boys; and unfortunately, one velopment, birth, premature early may and

will or consciousness. this observe harmful habit now gaining death.

instrument, as such a An galvano- * * ground. * Smoking by young past decade has a revoThe brought

for meter detecting electric weak movegirls and even women by young lution ideas must in of place in woman's ments, a or balance for weighing considered be a far different from standthe life. it phases economic of And,

particlesminute of matter, necesmust point than for smoking men, not by admitted, must be she herhas proved sarily finely be constructed; for the is the only female self organism virtue equal, superior by or to in man, many

its delicacyvery of function precludes its of frail its structure much more the fields of and she has invaded. Howany it ruggedness structure. of So delicate tissues less is more ever, able to much with her natural immoderation,

with system. Its nervous woman's resist the poisonous actions of she tobacco also this extend would equality ofvery sensitiveness impels her to unthat than of thus, like and man; sexes to the partaking vices, many of man's

reasoning excess in activities her and a delicate flower, to apt fade it wither maintaining and that a is no for worse enthusiasms. If she unfavorable be quickly in to more consequence, the but for a than to woman do it. man In

a as a is fecundity of greatly politics impaired women in practice—except industry, and inwoman's mother—she

has understanding no the of motive or it, as exerts by tobacco fluence a very pernihas been but, welcome; should

thatweakness could lead another into cious influence the various ductless she on forsake her idealized pedestal and its But, power. once having embraced glands, including the thyroid descend sex to man's level in and those things

it herself, she recognizes limitation no glands. In the view large that of increase his ungodliness, number she mayin its pursuit. sensitive The woman of lost late in the forfeit fearful men the war, heavily.

takeswho up smoking is doubly afauthorities cannot be expected Judging to look from observations already fected first by it, because of the suscepit on unmoved, while a generation of available, that: does not seem likely

tibility of her body to its influence, sterile women, rendered incapable of anything desirable can possibly result, and second through her lack of moderfulfilling their sublime this function of from pandemic of tobaccoism ation. motherhood, is being produced on acamong women. One appears safe im

Aside from an intensification of all count of the immoderate smoking of predicting that their enthusiasm will the results produced by tobacco upon foolish young girls."only be rewarded by unhappiness and:

man, the girl or woman who uses it Smoking not only destroys a womdegeneracy. Of course we must still

becomes the victim of certain other ability an's attain to motherhood, brilliant the but remember toexception* effects, which to are more important it also robs her of the desire to fulfill every rule; but for the great mass noher than she knows. Dr. Kellogg, in sacred this most purpose issue of her existhappy from it seems even within

his states: work "Tobaccoism,"ence. Kellogg, From Dr. Harvey again the range possibility. of

"The increase of the tobacco habit we read:

among young women bodes ill for the future of the race. The report comes Effects Upon the Nonuser

from Paris, where smoking has been Tobacco and Motherhood QARELESSNESS has been said to.

inindulged longer a by to and women in addition to contributing to "DUT characteristic the be sin of Amergreater extent than in civilized other is infant there mortality icans; for ground while a great and smokers; many

countries, that strong evidence has apbelief the that are habit the smoke most courteous considerate among and of peared that the effect cigarette of smoktend must the birth others to lower in their women there smoking, are many ing is to unsex young by women prorate. disposition that same The would no who have shadow of regard

ducing premature degeneration of the lead a woman to cultivate the tobacco hardships imposed upon those aboutfor sex glands. One evidence of this is the habit would naturally lead her to avoid them. That this is of some importance

development of the feminine mustache, the perils, responsibilities inconis unquestionable, and looks one when noticeablywhich is becoming more veniences of birth deeper motherhood. than the surface; The and the probfrequent among women smokers of rate of 'smart set'mothers is the very lem of tobaccoism assumes some conParis."lowest of all classes. Perhaps this fact sequence in its relation to the nonuser

It is common observation that is a gain to society rather than a loss, as well as to the habitue. Dr. Richard'

women who have used tobacco for long so far as this particular class is conHogner, in American Medicine, records:

show a decided coarsening of feature, cerned; but if all mothers should be- "* * * also a case where the sister

a roughening of voice and marked come smokers, what would be the effect (a clerk) was for years a wreck, sufferincrease of hair upon the face. As the upon the future of the race?"ing from first the father's smoking and:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934 551

after his death, the brother's in the sociation in close rooms with smoking paired heart action and reduced lung home. * * * The father smoked a comrades and coworkers. The modcapacity. None or even all of these

pipe, and during this time she was not ern convention, whether it be of bankmay be sufficiently pronounced to atso much affected as after his death ers, stockmen or physicians, has come tract attention, because of the general when the brother began to smoke at to be a vertible smoking orgy; and vigor and health of the body, which

home, 'cigarette after cigarette.'Be it nonsmokers who attend do so at the in mature man is so constructed that a

enough said that for years she was sent expense of their possible discomfort great deal of abuse may be imposed from home to hospital, always improvand temporary mental stupefaction. long before the results are made maniing after some weeks at the hospital, However, there are some reasons for fest. Thousands upon thousands of

soon to be sick as ever when she rehoping that smoking will be restricted men who supposed themselves perfectly turned home. * * * Really she was somewhat, so far as public gatherings sound have first learned of some serious

suffering from chronic tobacco poisonare concerned. It is said that smoking ailment, such as weak heart or iming. is no longer permitted in the United paired lungs upon being examined for

"Since then so many cases of toStates Senate Chambers; and the largest life insurance or for entrance into the

bacco poisoning without personal use medical school in America has banned army. The body does not loudly prohave come under my attention that it the smoker's indulgence from its classclaim its troubles until after the reseems a duty to mention this wholerooms. serves have been called into activity,

sale tobacco poisoning of innocent vicThe ecomonic side of tobaccoism too and then only when defeat is apparent.

tims, mostly women and children. is a phase worthy of our attention; Most smoking grownups, however,

"* * * How quickly children and but its magnitude and ramifications insist that this must be done before wives 'pick up'when they, rid of the make it a fit subject for a whole paper, they will admit injury is being accomfather's or somebody's else tobacco and tend to preclude its discussion plished.

smoke, go to the country. It is atfrom this brief summary of tobacco's The competition and specialization

tributed to the fresh country air. May effect upon health. Dr. Frederick J. of modern times are compelling bankbe! But add: 'free from tobacco Pack, in his book, "Tobacco and Huers, manufacturers, merchants, educasmoke'."man Efficiency,"offers some interesttors, and in fact leaders in every field

This question is not one to be passed ing facts upon this part of the question. of activity, to enquire into the causes

details nicotine's inaction of inefficiency upMany of men. among No over.lightly a for one doubts No

still the are toeffect clothed on of body the vestigation human touching effects the nicotine ofminute untoward in chiefly mystery, difthe because of in which reported yet has been bacco the in animals young, both andupon ficulty besetting experimental it of study that tobacco been not has shown is itplants; possible than and more

sufficient there them. seems efficient abstainers. less users However are than child, athat sickly the in housemany

its evidence unhealthfulness of preun- are that agreed and smokers Physicians a saturates father hishold of home who desirability to it for the averdisease less than resistance to far condemn sent is delicate tobaccowith because smoke, age are L. Oakes, Weston Manufacturers nonsmokers. do person.—From else. thisof extent nothing and The D., Lattercuts "Medical see of the Aspects that tobacco to M. beginningto these will individuals of some which

reSaint efficiency speday of Wisdom,"with by man's both Word down theirgo, in disregard for those about cial permission the of quantity. quality spect Brigham to Athand Young is it really appalling.them, Usually

University, letic Provo, Utah. universally abdirectors demand a igtoseems matter be of unthinking

participants. all Educators stinence ofnorance, of and determination. not

all doubt demonstrated have beyond "Are Immune?"Men recently writer a wellfed noticedThe

is associated tobacco use that the of auto--- traveling a in closed smallchap absurdity that maintaining of T'HE Investigations scholarship. with low A its his infantmobile, with young and acts tobacco virulent as a poison football that even have shown menpale, thin mother. All of windows boys, taken that but when when by perthe physical of (considered acme tightlythe this vehicle shut; were and is it used transmen, by somehow loss suffer a use tobacco fection) whoindividual the further thickening was veritable a into formed panacea, must of practically onetenth of (9.4%)already fat a blue atmosphere from all. spite this to apparent be In of their capacity. been Tests lung havecigar! utterly appeared unhe Yet a inconsistency individuals not few the recently tobacco designed which by sin.conscious of probably any He in that maintain tobacco used when efficiency actually loss be user's can in

isloves his as family believes and he is harmless, moderation but by men measured.

to be. as couldgood them any man is to the in smalldangerous even boys

reprefollowing, testimonies The difficulty, infants est amounts. however, of mothers smoking The Young

as in the best senting they do, thought lie in their to interpretation seems been to of observedhave show symptoms enpractically every phase of human it is theof tobacco certain term poisoning; smokers "harm."and Many

sufficient offer a deavor, answer should it consider tothat that injury they seem not get the only is being no from the question, "Are immune?"menmother's milk—when says: Starr Jordan, Chancellor Davidfeed them at the breast—butshe hastheyanyalsoto donetones unlessof a trumpet.the system Theyannounceswant itthein to

absorb it from the tobaccotainted air heart to break down, the breathing to "My impression is that anyone using of the homes to which they have been become wheezy, or the eyesight imtobacco is subject to a material lowerentrusted. Fathers who smoke should paired before they will recognize it as ing of initiative and mental force, this

certainly never indulge in it within "harm."They seem to forget that lowering depending upon the age at

the walls of their own domicile, unless the whole genius of modern activity is which smoking began, the amount and provided with a room for that purpose based upon the principle of prevention kind of smoking, and especially on the and into which infants and small chilrather than that of cure. Their attikind of intellectual effort the person

dren of the household are not permitted tude would postpone the adoption of may put forth. * * * The finer the

to come. No normal father is so insanitary methods until the epidemic man in general the greater the injury.

different that he would knowingly had appeared, the locking of the jail Mr. Harrison, considered the leader of

deny the unvoiced plea of his offspring until the prisoners had escaped, the the San Francisco Bar, told me lately for robust health, but ignorance, the closing of the throttle until the train that in his judgment tobacco had been most dangerous of all human frailties, had been wrecked. a greater source of injury to the legal

may betray him into doing so. It is a well established fact that the profession in California than liquor.

Adults not given to the use of use of tobacco by even the strongest It is not so destructive but it hits better nicotin, frequently suffer of carbonmen is often accompanied by such men. So far as I know tobacco is not

monoxide headache, as a result of asdisturbances as high blood pressure, imstrictly a marcotic, which would be 552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934

bad enough because a man ought to be great American naturalist, was apall the work involved in the digestion awake when he is doing a waking man's proached by one of his foremen and of food and the performance of intelwork, but rather a perpetual irritant. asked if he was familiar with the habits lectual labor, and if he is a wise man,

The man who uses tobacco and enjoys of the men he had been discharging behe will drop immediately the use of it, is only feeling at the time of this cause of inefficiency, and was astonished tobacco."

use about as a normal man feels all to learn that all of them were smokers. Smokers who try to console themthe time. At other times the irritation Further investigation convinced him selves by arguing that they will avoid

of the drug causes him to long for it."of the inefficiency of smokers, and in the evil effects of tobacco by using it in

Dr. Edmund Andrews, Professor of consequence he no longer employs "moderation"will get but little comSurgery, Northwestern University them where a marked degree of delifort from the following statement by

Medical School, Chicago: cacy or close discrimination is required. Edward H. Cleveland, M. A., Chaplain

"There is no scientific basis for any After investigating the matter he anof the Riverside Hospital:

supposition that after sixteen years of nounced that: "An unprejudiced inquiry into the

age a person can use tobacco with "Even men who smoke one cigar a mental and physiological effects of toimpunity. It is bad at all ages. The day cannot be trusted with some of my baccosmoking establishes the convicearlier the smoker begins the worse for most delicate work."tion that this habit, even in moderation,

him, because he has a longer time in Chas. B. Towns, Superintendent of is definitely and permanently injurious

the future to injure himself. The Towns Hospital, New York: to both mind and body. So many

nature of the injury is the same.""Tobacco is harmful to everyone indeed are the scientific facts that point

Dr. T. D. Crothers, Superintendent who uses it, old or young. It cannot directly to this conclusion that it is

of Walnut Lodge Hospital, Hartford, in any way contribute to anyone's difficult to select the most important

Conn.: physical or mental uplift. Some men ones. * * * We are not speaking of

"Accounts of persons who have used are not so susceptible to the action of excessive use, but of moderate use, be tobacco for years without injury are this drug as others; some are more it noted. Aside from the wellknown

found on examination to be untrue. It economical in its use, and in the way principle that moderate use leads to

is doubtful if any person who uses in which they use it. The reason that excess, and always tends in that directobacco continuously is not enfeebled some men who have been using it for tion, as experience abundantly proves,

in mind and body, although the damyears apparently are in good health is no one defends the excessive use or age may not appear from a casual exthat they are just a little harder to abuse of tobacco. Not a single adamination."poison than others."vocate or apologist for its use will

Wm. H. Allen, Secretary Bureau of Dr. J. H. Kellogg, Superintendent venture to claim that the excessive use

Municipal Research, New York: Battle Creek Sanitarium, Michigan: is beneficial. All agree that tobacco is

"Less harm would be done by to- "It is one of the enigmas of modern a poison, to be used in moderation, if bacco if it were more harmful. Like life that the average business man, the at all. This article is written to remind

so many other good poisons its use in man who demands the highest degree its readers of the very simple proposismall quantities does not produce the of efficiency in every department of his tion that the habitual smoking of toprompt, vivid unequivocal results that husiness, be it factory, store, or office, bacco in moderation will, if given time remove all doubt as to the user's injuries should continue to use tobacco, knowenough, produce similar results in the and intemperance. As inability to see ing that it is one of the deadliest of poiheart, brain, stomach, lungs and other

the physiological effect upon himself sons and one of the worst of all enemies vital organs to those brought about encourages the tobacco user to continue of mental power. It is astonishing that more rapidly by smoking to excess."

smoking or chewing, so failure to his business sense, his genius for Dr. Harvey W. Wiley, perhaps

identify evil physiological effects upon economy, should permit him to conAmerica's chief authority on foods, has the smoker encourages the nonuser to sume so much of his energy in a perthis to say concerning the use of tobegin smoking or chewing. A very fectly useless and harmful way. Any bacco by grownups:

few smokers give up the habit because man who stops to study himself, who "Of those of maturer years I ask, 'Is they fear its results, but too often the inquires into the means by which he the comfort which the use of tobacco man who can see the evil results would can conserve his vital energy and ingives real happiness?'I answer, 'No,

rather give up almost anything else. crease his efficiency, discovers that the it is illusory.'A man should so order

The one motive that most frequently first thing to do is to raise the load off his activities that he needs no comstops inveterate smoking—fear—is the his liver and kidneys and other organs; forter except wholesome food, illumileast effective motive in dissuading those he discovers for instance, that the work nating literature, a fond family, and a

who have not yet acquired the habit; which his lungs are required to do in progressive community. He who has

every young man, unless already sufeliminating nicotine is far more than to seek consolation in a drug is going fering from known heart trouble, wrong. There is something out of

thinks he will smoke moderately and condition in his makeup. He has a

without harm."!gjag| false view of life. Happiness consists

Charles Wm. Daleney, President in accomplishment, contentment, in

University of Cincinnati, Ohio: satisfaction with the environment, not

"Having learned to smoke as a in lethean passivity. There is no place

freshman at college, as most young men in the normal life for an illusory dein the country did in my time, and light nor a drugprovoked content.

having had a struggle with it for some Tobacco never has brought and never fifteen or twenty years before giving will bring any real happiness to huit up, I am in a position to give some manity."

personal testimony. In my own case It has been pointed out in another

I gave up tobacco completely after I section that even the most nearly physhad attained middle age and I know ically perfect men of America (football

I have enjoyed much better health and men) are seriously injured by the use am able to work more satisfactorily of tobacco. If the best men are injured

and, I believe, more worthily since I by its use, then certainly there can be did so. I make it a point to instruct no doubt that the rest of us are not

our young men with regard to this immune.—From Dr. Frederick J.

matter regularly."L. D. S. INSTITUTE, MOSCOW, IDAHO Pack's "Tobacco and Human EffiSometime ago Luther Burbank, the ciency."

:-<WM<iMM'::; lllvrll''MM 'MM?;il;liiiliii '''MM

iii;Jlltll iillliilsmam:

77 FFor 0/ Wisdom heaven,beasts of andthe field,all wildand animalsthe fowlsthatof byand them,not slayas them.the childrenAmen.of Israel,

TDEVELATION to Joseph Smith the run or creep on the earth; and these Further Words of Wisdom

Prophet given February 27, 1833. hath God made for the use of man (Suggested by Elder John A. Widtsoe)

A Word of Wisdom, for the benefit of only in times of famine and excess See that ye love one another; cease

the council of high priests, assembled of hunger. All grain is good for to be covetous; learn to impart one

in Kirtland, and the church, and also the food of man; as also the fruit of to another as the gospel requires.

the saints in Zion. To be sent greetthe vine; that which yieldeth fruit, Cease to be idle; cease to be unclean;

ing: not by commandment or conwhether in the ground or above the cease to find fault with one another;

is needstraint, but by revelation and the word ground—nevertheless, wheat for cease to sleep longer than

of wisdom, showing forth the order man, and corn for the ox, and oats ful; retire to thy bed early, that ye

and the will of God in the temporal for the horse, and rye for the fowls may not be weary; arise early, that

salvation of all saints in the last days. and for swine, and for all beasts of your bodies and your minds may be

Given for a principle with promise, the field, and barley for all useful invigorated.

adapted to the capacity of the weak and animals, and for mild drinks, as also And above all things, clothe yourthe weakest of all saints who are or can other grain. selves with the bond of charity, as

be called saints. Rewards and Promises with a mantle, which is the bond of

Reason for Revelation And all saints who remember to perfectness and peace. Pray always,

Behold, verily thus saith the Lord keep and do these sayings, walking that ye may not faint, until I come.

unto you: In consequence of evils in obedience to the commandments, Behold, and lo, I will come quickly

and designs which do and will exist shall receive health in their navel and and receive you unto myself.

in the hearts of conspiring men in marrow to their bones; and shall Amen.

the last days, I have warned you, find wisdom and great treasures of For, behold, the beasts of the field and forewarn you, by giving unto knowledge, even hidden treasures; and the fowls of the air, and that

you this word of wisdom by reveand shall run and not be weary, and which cometh of the earth, is orlation. shall walk and not faint. And I, dained for the use of man for food,

Alcoholic Drinks the Lord, give unto them a promise, and for raiment, and that he might

That in as much as any man drinkthat the destroying angel shall pass have in abundance.

eth wine or strong drink among you, it is neither in behold not good, meet the sight Father, of in only your Ward Teacher s Message, October, 1934 assembling together yourselves Under Appointment of the Presiding to Prepared by OSCAR W. McCONKIE,

offer sacraments before him. up your Bishopric.

And, behold, this should be wine, yea, pure the grape of wine of vine, make. And, of your own the The Word of Wisdom throughthe capacityJosephof theSmith,weak isand"adaptedthe weakto

again, strong drinks are not for the Knowledge of God est of all who are or can be called belly, but for the washing of your rpHE wise in heart will receive comsaints,"therefore obedience to it ought bodies. * mandments,"in humility and with to be universal. The term has a defiTobacco faithful obedience, so when Jehovah nite meaning and includes nothing not

And, again, tobacco is not for the directed what Israel should eat and embraced in section eightynine of the body, neither for the belly, and is drink it obeyed. The use of that Doctrine and Covenants. It is imnot good for man, but is an herb which God forbade defiled the body proper to speak of any vice not therein

for bruises and all sick cattle, to be and left the violator unclean in the included as a violation of it.

used with judgment and skill. Lord's sight and in man's presence.

Hot Drinks Israel forsook wine and strong drink Consequences

And again, hot drinks are not for that it "might know the Lord"its the body or belly. "God,"which knowledge was a pearl Disobedience of this law introduces

Fruits and Vegetables of great price, to which no other learnphysical and spiritual degeneracy; is a

And again, verily I say unto you, ing was comparable; worth infinitely trap to the unwary; befogs the mind

all wholesome herbs God hath ormore than the increased span of life in spiritual things; makes the tongue

dained for the constitution, nature, which obedience gave. more captious; coerces by weakness; inand use of man. Every herb in the cases the body in deterioration; deseason thereof, and every fruit in the Hidden Treasures stroys the finer susceptibility to God's

season thereof, all these to be used Job "esteemed the word of his (the touch, and moves one's course of life with prudence and thanksgiving. Lord's) mouth more than my necesaway from the selfdenial and fixity

Meat sary food,"which food God had proof purpose that are prerequisite to diYea, flesh also of beasts and of the vided. Because he did so and walked vine companionship. It sometimes obfowls of the air, I, the Lord, have obediently God revealed Himself to scures the vision until the sinner beordained for the use of man with him, and a knowledge of God is "wislieves the Church to have withdrawn

thanksgiving; nevertheless they are dom and great treasures of knowledge, from him, he being unable to educe

to be used sparingly; and it is pleaseven hidden treasures."Thus fortified, that it is he that has withdrawn from

ing unto me that they should not be when temptation sought with great the Church. To such theological

used, only in times of winter, or acumen for a portal to enter it was axioms may seem but abstruse tradiof cold, or famine. unable to penetrate even the outer wall. tions, perpetuated by anile persons.

Grains It was as important as water spilt on But obedience ennobles and makes it

All grain is ordained for the use of the ground. possible for one to move straight toman and of beasts, to be the staff of Definite Meaning ward his desires.

life, not only for man but for the The Word of Wisdom, revealed (Continued on page 561)

L. Cleveland, "12. Troop did 262; Troop passage Never of scripany Young Teachers Make F.

F. L. Bangerter, Committeeman Troop ture to the with come more power

Outstanding Record 262; Vanguard Harold Hughes, Troop of man than this did at this timeheartto

Bangerter, 262; Vanguard Alden It mine. to great enter seemed with WHITHERBERT 262. Troop force into feeling heart. every ofBISHOP my of Milton TIER, Ward, Morthe of fathers the it Court From I reflected Honor again, again on and knowStake, gan reports sons Fire, to the and out if went that ing Camp person any needed wisdom

in accomplishment Wardunusual a pleasant where evening most I was did; I act to for from God, did how Teaching by two of young men in story. his spent song and I Following unless not get could know, and more ward. writes: He the plan I been had I which announced had, than then wisdom would

"We have made what we feel is an the program was built around Indian never know; for the teachers of reoutstanding record in ward teaching Lore. East Mill Creek Ward Scouts ligion of the different sects understood

by members of the Aaronic Priesthood. and Vanguards opened the program by the same passages of scripture so dif-

"In Feb., 1931, we placed Carvel an Indian fire lighting ceremony. Then ferently as to destroy all confidence in

Bingham, and Earl Mecham, with followed songs and Indian legends. In settling the question by an appeal to

some older ward teachers; on April the midst of the activities the members the Bible.

they were 26, 1931, ordained to the of the Tribe, "13. from Central Apache to the con- I came At length

office of teacher, and were placed Ward, toPark their Indian with either in regalia, clusion that remain I must gether to cover a district of six (6) followed Bishop Fox, as their Chief, darkness and confusion, or else I must families as ward teachers. For three in a war dance around the camp fire. do as James directs, that is, ask of

(3) years they have reported 100% Sunday morning bright and early, God. I at length came to the determiof their families visited each month."all in camp met at the flag pole to parnation to 'ask of God,'concluding that

These young men are to be conticipate in the flag raising ceremony. if he gave wisdom to them that lack

gratulated for their splendid devotion It was a wonderful sight to see 300 wisdom, and would give liberally, and to the service of the Church. men and boys standing in a line at not upbraid, I might venture.

sunrise to pay tribute to our National "14. So, in accordance with this,

Lesser Priesthood Joins in Emblem. At 7 o'clock we held Sunmy determination to ask of God, I

Fathers and Sons Outing dayCharlesSchoolW. Bennett,under theAssistantdirectionSuperof retiredtempt. toIt thewaswoodson theto morningmake theofat-a

intendent the of Grant Stake beautiful, clear Sunday in early day, the spring organized in JanSTAKE,QRANT Schools. regular School V *T It eighteen of The Sunday twenty. hundred and uary, seven 1934, with "wards,

followed, first life program including songs, I was in the that time was had my its firstheld Fathers'Sons'outing and prayer, talks short all boys, two attempt, and by for amidst such an made theat Scout in Boy MillWigwam recitation. concert I servanxieties as sacrament never yet had The made mycreek Canyon. outing great a was The

ice splendidly to attended was the vocally. to attempt pray by memsuccess, a total with of attendin 304 bers "15. I the of the Lesser Priesthood retired place the After to of had ance, of fathers. 93 which were The Hillcrest I go, to where a Ward. came previously designed most had ThenStake six Presidency, the of members interesting talk Bishop finding having looked me, David around and by A. Council,High four Bishops, Coun-

I Smith, of the alone, Bishopric. kneeled Presiding myself began and He down selors, Priesthood Supervisors, Stake related life series a offer to the desires in to the heart of events of of up my

I.Superintendent the of a A., M. memlate the so, I scarcely President F. God. Joseph Smith, done had and when theber of Stake Superintendency of

I presented in seized as a such immediately to them be was some upon by way Schools,Sunday three the and of Stake inspiring entirely to faithpromoting power overcame the me, and which andScoutVanguard Commissioners were as well old. as influence had the such astonishing over young an

the number.among

I as to so that could tongue bind me After School my the Sunday and men

Each of the seven wards was well boys went to their various camps for not speak. Thick darkness gathered

represented, Hillcrest Ward led with 86 breakfast, and at 10 o'clock naturearound me, and it seemed to me for a present, Wandamere Ward second with study was directed by Commissioner time as if I were doomed to sudden 62, and Central Park Ward third with N. W. Davis. destruction.

55. "16. But, all exerting to powers It my a fine a outing, splendid was and

instructions the Upon from Stake call to deliver of out upon God me example of be can accomplished what

Presidency, each Bishop appointed the this of power which had enemy stake leaders, particu- a when ward and special committee, to the outsponsor me, at the very and upon molarly those supervision have of seized who ing. plan for each The was ward I to sink into ready ment was when the Lesser Priesthood and ScoutVan-

inviteto the fathers sons, and arrange to destrucmyself and abandon activities, guard get together and worktransportation, their take care and of ruin, to an but imaginary in cooperation. despairtion—not cooking, theown ScoutVanguard to the actual of being some from power L, G. Fox, Commissioner.

Commissioners taking the responsibilthe unseen world, who had such marity of conducting the camp and the velous power as I had never before Joseph Smith'sactivities. Own Story at this moment

(Continued from August Ball games between fathers and pillar of light Era) offeltgreatin anyalarm,being—justI saw a

sons, volley ball, horseshoe pitching, "11. While I was laboring under exactly over my head, above the brighthiking, etc., made up the activities for the extreme difficulties caused by the ness of the sun, which descended grandSaturday, with Commissioner Austin contests of these parties of religionists, ually until it fell upon me.

Johnson in charge. In the evening the I was one day reading the Epistle of "17. It no sooner appeared than I

District Court of Honor was held in James, first chapter and fifth verse, found myself delivered from the enemy the Wigwam, with Scout Troop 62 which reads; If any of you lack wiswhich held me bound. When the

and Vanguard Troop 262 taking most dom, let him ask of God, that giveth light rested upon me, I saw two perof the awards. Four Life Awards to all men liberally, and upbraideth sonages, whose brightness and glory

were made to Vanguard Scoutmaster not; and it shall be given him. defy all description, standing above me

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934 555 in the air. One of them spake unto (This lesson to be in the form of a Lesson TwentyOne

gento lecture. be brief and said, Topics and by name,me, calling me 1. The House of Israel. Who is

class for a full conthe eral to prepare beother This to thepointing is my Meant?

loved Son, hear Him! sideration of the scattering and Gath- 2. Division of Israel at Solomon's

"18. My object in going to inquire ering of Israel.) Death.

of the Lord was to know which of all 3. The Kingdom of Israel Comthe sects was right, that I might know References mencing with Jereboam.

therefore, comof Judah sooner, join. to 4. Kingdomwhich No The Parts in Theology, Seventies Course

to as myself, so I possession of Reaboam. getdid with mencing ConcordConsult Roberts. 2, 1 and are. they I perthe asked Tribes. speak, to than able 5.to Ten Who The of Bible, to Book Index ance and Elisha. the Elijah in and of above the stood works ofsonages Tell me who Price and Great of Pearl Mormon, interesting.) sects right very all the waslight, of be can made which (This Covenants. Doctrine and of the Kingdom join. of 6. I should Overthrow whichand

Israel. that "19. I must I answered was Lesson Twenty Tribes. of 7. Captivity the Ten all for they werejoin them, of none

as is so far Sixteen, Sevthem became of of Lessons 1. Review What adpersonage the whowrong; and

Nineteen. Eighteen enteen, known? and all creeds their said thatdressed me

8. Beginning of the Scattering of be surprising how (By now it will that sight; his in abominationwere an

those professors were all corrupt; that the class members will show a willingIsrael.

'they draw near to me with their lips, ness to take part. From now on, each References

used be should or lesson Review Fifth they far are me; hearts their frombut inclusive. to 11 50 Chapters Genesis, class members. response cultivate to by the doctrines commandments forteach History, Testament Old Smith's Dr. with however, taken, be Care must but godliness, a of form havingof men, require will (It 24. 23, Chapters inclined be certain would who members thereof.'the powerthey deny this lesson prepare to reading called much being fear of for remain to away join to "20. forbade again me He prepared.) fail be to not properly. Do plan the to to adhere Continue upon. other and of them; manywith any Smith's Old in references Biblical See those would calling on who of not I which me, unto did saythings He History. Testament part.) take rather not I time. this at write Whencannot

came to myself again, I found myself lying on my back, looking up into the Church ofheaven. My Reasons for Leaving

I after "21. few days Some had this England and Joining the Church of in I company to bevision, happened

preachers, Methodist of the onewith in the before menJesus Christ of Latterday Saints active verywho was and, conexcitement; religioustioned of By Col. R. M. Bryce Thomas on the subjectversing with him

religion, I took occasion to give him PREFACE TO THE FIRST EDITION

I had vision which the of accountan that course the for reasons for in in me my I view have had that object "THE his at surprised greatlyhad. I was but adopt, to necessary * I thought have of explanatory article this writing treated communicahebehavior; my in still feel all may also who among of the Church leaving for reasons my great lightly, with buttion not only in me. interest kind a any way of the Church joining and England devil, all it the of saying was contempt, pages, following the out sending In is to Saints Latterday of Christ Jesus visions as things such there that were no Father Heavenly ask I our then, would the with possible as far as comply all that days; these in revelationsor Jesus, our Lord Son, His of the in name relatives and of those of wishes my the Aposwith ceased things such had rest whatl blessings upon let His to desire a expressed have friends who never be there tles, that would and in it be as far so may written have of teachings the of something to know them. of moreany truth, and His with strict accordance the also Saints, and Latterday the Continued) be (To will. and holy His word with reject to led have me reasons which

9 1897. 24, London, May of It fathers. was faith of the my

Adult Aaronic Priesthood course not possible for me, within the

PREFACE TO THE SECOND correspondof private limits Lessons ordinary EDITION fullness sufficient with ence, to enter

Prepared by Elder George W. Skidmore, into so important a subject, or satis- "THE issue of the second American

Adult Aaronic Priesthood Supervisor, factorily to explain to each of my en- *- edition of "My Reasons"(a desigLogan Ninth Ward, Cache Stake quirers all that they might wish to nation which this pamphlet seems to (Continued from August Era) know. At the same time it appeared to have received by way of brevity, and me both fair and right towards my by which name it is apparently best

I some should make that opporan has afforded me atknown), Lesson Nineteen relatives the best to them of my regardshow tempt to views tunity of expressing my 1. Dispensation of Adam. power the grounds upon which I had ing the Latterday Saints, as formed

2. Dispensation of Enoch. adriftconsideredfrom ita necessarychurch to towhichcut myselfI had afterextendinga personalover associationa period withof severalthem

3. Dispensation of Noah. hitherto belonged, and of which they months, in various parts of the State

It still was members. were feel, I that it is incumtoo, of Utah. 4. Dispensation of Abraham. themselves

that object this attain in order to as inasmuch to do this, I bent upon me 5. Dispensation of Moses. decided, after due consideration, to the characteristics which I recorded of

6. From Moses to Jesus Christ. write out as fully and as clearly as I that people when writing "My Reacould the most important of the reasons,"were gathered, as I therein

7. The Apostasy (Brief. To be sons that had led me to take the step stated, from information received from

treated later.) I have taken, and then to have a few others and not from my own personal

8. Dispensation of the Fulness of copies of these printed for circulation, knowledge of them.

Times. not only among those who had asked Since I penned the pages of this little

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934 ward bishopric. In the promotion of

attendance at the Sacrament meeting, the importance of variety and interest in the program of these meetings is stressed so that all of the young people will be attracted. In some instances,

as a part of the services, a brief story from the Bible, Book of Mormon, etc.,

is interestingly related. The importance of all Church members taking

part in these meetings is presented with good results. In the matter of attendance at weekly Priesthood meeting, persistent efforts are constantly being made

throughout all grades of the Priesthood to stimulate attendance and activity with consequent success. Ward teaching has become so well established that

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD, WARD, WASHAKIE CENTER: BISHOP MALAD STAKE. JOSEPH PARRY; to fail to make a visit to every home SANPETE STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD OUTING, 19, 1934 MAY

during the month is considered a serious work, however, I have paid two visits of the Saints during my stay with them matter. This important activity is

to Utah, and have become personally in 1901. carefully checked by the ward bishacquainted with the Latterday Saints, If this personal testimony that I oprics the latter part of each month,

in Salt Lake City, and in several other have been able to offer, can in any way and any failure at that time is attended towns of that State. On the first of tend to remove misconceptions that to fully before the month ends. Such

these visits I resided with two well may have been formed regarding the vigilance has paid rich dividends.

known families of Saints, and obtained Latterday Saints, my object will have thereby the best possible opportunity been accomplished, and I may add, that—WKSSl*-

of mixing freely in the society of this I feel sure that the good qualities of people a just corforming and of and this people to only have be better Sunday Evening Joint

I rect estimate them; of and am glad in the fully world, to be known more

to be able to add, that the experience appreciated by fair and unprejudiced Program for October

I thus gained fully justified the general minds.

for been the a has few custom AS reputation people that preof the I had R. M. BRYCE THOMAS.

past, the years the for program viously given hearsay. from That

9, Salt Lake City, December sent Joint 1902. October has been Meeting they, rest the with of in common mankind, have their weaknesses and fail- (To be Continued) to the ward presidents. The General

ings is only to be expected, and there Boards are eager to have this program will even be found some among them carried out in every ward where it is who can claim to be Latterday Saints Bear Lake Stake Makes at all practicable.

else in little but, than name, taking aspeople a whole, I have found them the Excellent Record lettersLast andyear, communicationsas the year previous,by manyword essentially fearing, honest, upright, God the in declaring that came of mouth rating a with STAKE, "DEAR LAKE awith faith firm in their Heavenly the Joint October of was one Program in the third highest stood of 188 Father, strong in their retestimonies effort year. best the of very Every activthe in based 1933, on Churchgarding divinity the latterthe great of its it in carry should to be out made ities exbulletin. In the on shownday in are work they which engaged, entirety. to course modifications Of various plaining used the to means in their beliefand the of great destiny specific the various the needs meet of result, this presstake former producewhich awaits them. be made. wards may describes the ident A. Welker Roy

Among the Saints, as among other careful, systematic efforts put forth. Since the October Joint Program is

Christian people, will be found eduIn the first place, the activities of each the first one of the year after the M. I.

cated and intelligent men and women. ward are discussed in the monthly meet- A's. are underway, an effort should be

Education is a special feature with ing of the stake presidency with the made to have a record attendance.

them, and it is by no means uncommon to find in this community, those who have studied, and those who are at the present time studying vocal and instrumental music and painting in the principal centers of art in Europe and in the eastern parts of the United States.

Musical talent seems to be decidedly conspicuous among them. Various important positions in the State, calling

for such qualifications as education, intelligence, ability, and honesty, have been, and are now being filled by

Latterday Saints; while there are those

who, having fully qualified themselves in the legal, medical, journalistic, and commercial professions, are following their various vocations with credit and profit to themselves, and advantage to the people of Utah.

I am now paying my third visit to the capital city of that State, and see no LEFT, MORONI TIMPIMB00, FIRST COUNSELOR; REAR RIGHT, WARREN WONGAN, SECOND

reason to modify the opinion I formed COUNSELOR

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

Presidency General I. A. Offices Y. M. M. General Superintendency General

I. A. Y. STREET M. W. M>IN NORTH I. A. Y. M. M. CITY, UTAH LAKE SOSALT FOX, RUTH MAY SMITH. ALBERT GEORGE CANNON, GRANT LUCY R. LYMAN, RICHARD I. A. BEESLEY, A. CLARISSA Y. M. Offices General W. J. BALLARD, MELVIN ELSIE HOGAN BUILDING BISHOP'S A. KIRKHAM OSCAR Secretary Executive CITY, UTAH Secretary LAKE Executive SALT33

m..ii...,n.m......,i.. 1 i,im.i.im 1 i.n.i.m......ii.im.. ). iiltiiiimilllliuii iMinimill..HiH.Miiui.mmii..urn iiiiimmmiin.

New Phases of Our Program for 193435 (.Talk given at M. I. A. Conference, June p, t934)

CLARISSA A. BEESLEY

Of the General Presidency of Y. W.M.I.A.

said, activities. "Our carefully and the We plans is more our over gone dear fellow workers—It religious; be this year must survey manuals the past. in years I than for A that pleasure genuine withMYgreet you and touch hands committee was appointed, which spent they must be distinctly Latterday

with you once more in a great many weeks in studying thoroughly Saint. They mulst be simply and

carry they written, clearly must and "house."I. A. entire the M. I never I have think conference.June

I. the the A. and of message the M. to our attention gave First of all we the responsifully realized sobefore

I as think you Gospel. of the message spirit of our the to objectives, three days great is ours. thatbility The and tomorrow departments to your every go discussed then and we work, are trementogetherthat are to be we

titles: about the "What recogaize "Let program. the of phase We discussions the for important,dously MenGleaners, for the disReligion?"if possible."simplify, said,We us M will conference this conclusions ofand World,"in a Changing thought that "Mormonism "partition"we a coveredaffect lives the than of 125,000 more

for Seniors, Youth,""Joyous for that the has a partition removed, be might I that realize people,of our and when JosLeadership of activities Juniors, the "The our parts of the divided two are to basedthose conclusions be upon will Adults, the for partition you Smith,"eph evening. This Tuesday on general largely plans the colored byand contents. the idea of at catch once five and an years ago or erected four was I session, this offer opening at youwe

class leaders that suggest our well. purpose we You served our May has responsibility,sense keenly own my ever this year than better prepared be the officers program have faithful made I able that be prayand may I humbly

teaching. Let better us during before? discovered Let do successful. But we in clearlyto give to and you them

these stress manthrough the Gospel it us teach causing some that the year was spirit, thatthe proper you and may uals. executives and strain you upon It and spirit. thereceive in same them

appreciation enrich to leaders, that someclass Then you upon deal preparing in great aheartened me to a courses, prepare added to have leader we had a times who our three—notthis the receive other to day message

it to simplify the increase but during your example, work lesson, for Gleaner stake lettera of foremost one our from selecfor give also opportunity giving first more evening the by must part of wrote,superintendents, "Whatwho the that activthe tion talk drama conduct by and a drama departments—so shall prethe plans Generalever Board

list courses evening. appreciation full the of part ities of now the second in cerwillsent the at Conference June

this dancing, drama, stands: Conversation, said, remove not so we "Why And heartily received our tainly be by

telling, story address, the public music, with two do partition and away is the I that that surestake."am?*'social conduct. reading, hobbies, rooms all appreciate feeling have, and you we

slips this offer simple in result, hands some your a have you we You As cooperation. loyal and supportyour

tells the for a diagram. This meetings showing for weekly your schedule

a great M. to you recommendation I. A. the 1934-5: year of our A 20minute genstory

like that word;program. of activities and onehour-andten-minregarding eral the program assembly; We are Building—Ibuilding

it indicates strength, it suggests the ute department sessions, with two appreciation courses during the year:

fashioning of something with one's evenings devoted entirely to manuals, A program of education, achievement, hands, erecting a structure that ever two evenings devoted entirely to apand recognition for the individual, for larger. higher andgrows We alternate; to the are preciation ward organization, for the stake courses—these structure. a great building GenThe there is If organization. 9 o'clock. closing hour

eral Boards may be likened to the archiany miscellaneous or class business, ten We call upon you ward directors, tects, who draw up the "blueprints"or fifteen minutes may be given to it members of the community activity or plans. You stake and mission suat the beginning of the department committees, to give education to inpervisors are the real builders who period. On the fifth Tuesday, should dividuals. We have made tremendous

make the building rise. And you there be one (and there are three durprogress in the last few years. We

faithful, devoted ward workers, furning the year), special programs are have been delighted with the increased ish it and decorate it, put life and provided for each department. By appreciation of these fine arts among

color into it, and the true spirit of a your faces I can see that you approve our people, but O, they are asking for home. this plan. Just the removal of that more individual help. We have had

But like all builders, we are never simple partition simplifies our proboys and girls come to us again and thoroughly satisfied. As the times gram.. again this year saying, "Criticize our

change, we change our plans, we reThen we said, "How can we effort. Tell us where we are weak.

model a bit each year, take out a stairsimplify and at the same time enrich Help us to improve."And so we

way here or a partition there, or change the program itself? So we turned our hope that you ward directors will take

a room about. And so with this in attention first to the manuals and then unto yourselves this especial task. The

mind, we "blueprinters"this year have to the appreciation or cultural courses material is provided for you in our

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934

activity manuals. The same standards We shall continue to use our ward will see them this afternoon, and finally

of excellence that we have had before achievement plan. It is remodeled acone individual or one couple, or one

are there for your guidance and we cording to our building design, touched group will be declared winners.

hope to give you more help during the up a bit here and there, some items While we honor those young peoplf year. it is easy being added; within the have come up to accomwho top—while of every example, plishment ward. For in their In order to assist the individual to achievewith them we rejoice

check on his progress and accomplishone requirement reads: have 10% or ment, I am sure that all of you here

ments, we are naming three simple remore of all the men and boys over 15 have a little sadness in your hearts as quirements for him: first, attendance in your ward organization deliver a you think back through those crowds

at M. I. A. a certain number of times; public address. Do you realize what who were dropped out along the way.

second, a study of an appreciation that means? More than 10,000 young Especially do I think of those who

feet their to give be on men will for a after small effort there is opportunity were one counted outcourse—and address. public the with same And of theeach person to game. study two during the said, "Let we And so

year; and third, a public appearance the stories and with the other activities. us turn our parlor into a joyous "livone or more times in the corresponding Have three per cent of all of your peoing room,"into a living room where

activity; three simple requirements for ple pursuing a hobby. Think what everybbdy may come all the time,

which he may receive at the ward honor that will mean to your organization! where instead of competition there

day, recognition in the form of an acWe are asking the stake to set as shall be cooperation, instead of judgtivity card in green and gold, bearing their goal the getting of all their wards ments (sometimes faulty), which bring his name, the activity in which he has to achieve in at least three of these about elimination of vast numbers, achieved, and the signatures of the lines of development. For the wards there shall be helpful, constructive

officers. In addition, if he wishes, he who achieve, there will be recognition criticism and encouragement, and where

may purchase the M. I. A. pin. We given to them at the stake honor day, everybody can go on and on. I know

hope that these two, the card and the by the stake board. And for the stakes that we have printed in our literature

pin, will become really motivating who achieve, that is, whose wards, that life is a contest. Life is a contest,

things in our organization, and that 100% strong, have fulfilled the rebut it is a struggle with dirt and with we shall see them in evidence everyquirements in three or more of the disease, with poverty, with ignorance, where, year after year. subjects, the General Boards will give with oneself, but it was never meant

at a great recognition honor Church struggle to against of individual be a incentive as biggest then, the And at the next day, to be held June Conindividual. of this holder every of all,perhaps

ference. little to will activity card be entitled livso we present to you this And attend an Educational Meet at our next O, we hope that those honor days ing room for your house of M. I. A.,

June Conference. Do you think that will be glorious affairs. The ward and we ask you to accept it and to

they will want to come? Why, these honor day should be the climax of the use it with us so that all of your

educational meets have already comwinter's work, all, if possible, of the people may have the joy of achievemenced: the music people started them outstanding events of the year being ment within its walls. Even if they

two years ago. What about the three presented on that honor program. And cannot all come to the educational

thousand that are over in the Taberall who have fulfilled the requirements meet at June Conference, because of the will the activity card. be awarded to come? Thennacle they eager distance expense, they will and know now—were

see as a the stake I can attend day honor that will about the crowdsWhat to that the tight that they come, have the Hobby Show in the Deseret Gymclimax for the work of the stake, when they are not kept away because somenasium? I am glad that the Adult all of the wards will be represented in body else was a trifle better than they.

the or the events of us more one given on have Senior departmentsand sisters, I believe, brethren that and I stakes, beprogram. In this small can some of fine yeara example what

will this the majority of welcome you lieve represented every could be meets. in you ward educationalbe done Do

if are here there plan. any new And like line activity. in then, tellers every of storythink would And your

regret (for giving the contest who up the to Conference hear to come you upto Conference when next June come that they admit have done we much will again, participate in a great Harrison or you SetonErnest Thompson us, for stimulated prothey have our to nargreat Merrill, hope other Day! Church Honor orR. some We

full interest) grams, of they have been it I a glorious tell can achievement. stories,rator, help them make and them

I then to to use going that ask you am a this resee their Conference stories for June becoming prepare ofto own is finest quality the things of which one a as as gathering well public convenyouthtelling. think your you Do contests, sportsmanship. about good sit officers. like tion to ofspeakers and come would

sports with Be good now, and come or great leader?for a under hour an I is the that question Now, know a better try us and way. and new

all see busithe players and comeyour tongue, every conabout on "What

I conclusion, the that suggest In under production play of mayness I I. tests?"revert to A. M. May my

I. clean house our your think experts? A. and or we of make M. dohands you for a again "house"Most moment?

fill it beautiful; a great white in and join joyous with todancers come would in the audience, of old are enough you

dance festival? O, this educational to remember the parlor that used to learning and activity, and let there

sure the every permeate corner is already way. and nook undermeet I am It in every a lovely home. was it be spirit, until sweet it Gospel which shall hold willthat grow and grow furnished, well room, used it was but

all fold close in the the thing. big, glorious ofwill a Church become special occasions. the only of on Most

Your diagram shows the plan of year it was closed. As we looked over who come to dwell therein.

education and achievement for the ward our blue prints, we said to ourselves, Editors'Note: Since the delivery of

and the stake. We are delighted that "Can it be that the contests are the the above address before the assembled

many of the stakes held special leader- "parlor"in our house—used only for officers at the June M. I. A. Conference

ship institutes last year. There was a a few? For really, there is only one so many requests for copies of it have

great desire for leadership training in time in the year when the crowds that been received that it was decided to the Church. We hope that that will come into the contest parlor can be make it the Executive Message to the

continue, and we promise you that we counted by thousands, and that is away field for September. With its fine spirit

shall endeavor to give more intensive down there in the ward, at the first and felicity of expression it is given in training, if possible, than we have ever contest. After that, you can count full to all who love M. I. A. with the

done before, through our conventions the participants by hundreds, then by feeling that from it will be derived inand special institutes. twenties, then by four or fives, as you spiration, information and enthusiasm.

"A GUIDE TO CIVILIZED LOAFING"

LEARN TO LIVE JOYOUSLY

"In the light of truth, life remains enjoyable and adventurous."—Herrick.

I. Department. A. Adult us acKeep informed Our quently. of your Five Major Factors M.

should whole give be saturated program us tivities and your ideas when

SUMMARY of reports received with sociability. A manual discussion they occur, so that we may pass them

from successful Adult Groups which is not enjoyable to all present on to others. Remember, this is a coenable us to say with certainty, is not satisfactory. Learning must be operative quest for richer, fuller, deeper

the following were important made, primarily, an enjoyable process life. Everyone counts!Afactors. Now that we stand expectif it is to serve our purposes. Joyous

in study, or in play companionshipantly of the threshold on a new season or Higher Living projects, is the purpose prime to be to particularly Leaders Adultwe urge keep them in mind. They will almost served, rather than mere academic incertainly insure success. terest in facts. We should be intent "PHIS program makes its appeal to

to enand wish men who women living:—not

interests, their live to mere ablarge1. A Good Beginning. bentupon uponjoyfulbickeringobjectiveabout commore

This involves preparation and orstractions. Group Leaders should keep pletely, to live on the highest levels of

ganization, and the creation of good sothis constantly in mind. which they are capable.

cial atmosphere in Some people do the group early. Start to be lacking seem |Eci:p?ipnow! in the,'"jt,fs higher mental

interests, moral and 2. Complete Organis to but our aim

ization. enable men and

Successful Adult women to get suLeaders almost inpreme satisfaction by variably have been striving together for assisted by elected mental and spiritual

Group Officers or enrichment; to live

specially chosen comabundantly in an mittees with definite everwidening wonresponsibilities. Atder world of limitless

tend to this at once! possibilities.

3. Group Sanction. We recognize this

It is clearly demlife as preparation onstrated that to for higher living;

secure full partici- "IT HAS BEEN A LOT OF FUN"opportunity to learn pation the Group Ward Leaders, E. Milton Christensen and Wife; Stake Leaders Reed Scott and Wife how to live in utmost

must be permitted to enjoyment forever.

express themselves in choosing the proAdult Group, Idaho Falls True joy is our constant aim and gram; the appreciation courses, etc. the ultimate objective of the endless

Having chosen it themselves, experience 2nd Ward process of living—Eternal Life!

the in the enter usuallyshows, they lies It in daily our here to feel power I. all Tfi7"E A. hope Adult Groups M. spirit and enthusiasm. withprogram the joy constant of growth, constant

a give satisfactory can such feel sumdiscovery; to fascination the the of at of expression the one group Get last season's of work. mary group This

fuller quest for knowledge. first sessions.your a remarkable maintained attendance

Life lead should ever on to fuller record and carried out the entire pro-4. Attitude (that joys Loving A Life significant experience. and more as outlined. gram glories in living.) and

as higher, deeper, officers grow wider "To have and had members "The "Call the difficulties years to go on; their satisfaction conquer asin joy and life a good gift—call the much fair."world

acquire to and sociations. more a lot and more power, been of fun."It has

An approach which can be thus epitSuch fine spirit and interest cannot feel one's faculties unfolding and truth is in with ouromized harmony descending imfail to create new zest for living. into the soul—this makes objectives, ultimatemediate and and life worth living."

leadersthe been used have it have who fullness consists the of life in "The the Field From as benefactors.recognized at Such

living glory joy of and loving and and fail best the forthleaders to never draw reinteresting helpful and being loved; finding /[ANY of the \ of romance livein others. to onceappeal—"Learn The

art, science ports received delights the the Adult were of by and music it! response. UseJoyously"—awakens literature, in General the of the and social Boards Committee of power

5. The Social Element. response to our appeal at the close of service and religious faith, which enOur most successful groups are baplast season. We welcome these frank, able one to surmount difficulties, to

tized in it. Indeed, without immersion chatty communications. We urge that catch a rosier view of life and to conin this vital element, no group is ever you do not wait until the end of the secrate joys to better health, power, and

properly initiated in the spirit of the season but let us hear from you frehigher ideals."

fill II:-.::;f;.::-:::.:.:>': XO:-::;-:,: s:J;i;'/-:;'S'-i-V-Vi;>;:";;:;i:?w:::-;:-i;Vii;-; -: -v ';:::;::; fS:..:....:..:.. i 'iiyiiii

"What About Religion"is In Answer to Prayer fullanswered."of gratitude, my prayer had been

Title of New Manual "DEHOLD the fowls of the air: for The following poem is from the

they sow not, neither do they reap, Church Book:

the beginning of another nor gather into barns; yet your HeavMutual season the Gleaner enly Father feedeth them. Are ye notATCommittee of the General much better than they."(Matt. 6: After the Rain

Board greet you and wish you 26.) By Minnie I. Hodapp

every success in the year's work. The "Tuesday, and just four pennies to

again, smiling blue SKIES forecasts a worthwhile, happy for our two and husband foodprogram buy my again. through shining Sun children. for Gleaners.year knowledge our knew we To refrain lark's the Hark And the Religion"is could source whence we of no from About "What rain! the I After

this year,title until the folsecure study for remuneration manual of our any interest, for title before the itself awakens Never lowing Thursday.and had LikeElbowinglowlybendingup again grain

it is a question asked by many people we been so hungry, although my husBruised spirit rise from pain today. It was written for young peoband had been out of employment for After the rain!

ple by a young man and therefore over eighteen months. Over the mountain grand

from the point of view of a young "It was a terribly dark, windy day, Tinted prismatic band person. We recommend that you read and we had the gaslight burning early. Hearts with delight expand

the Foreword and become acquainted A sudden gust of wind shook the house After the rain!

with the author, Dr. Lowell L. Benand the light went out, because the And all the flowers of earth

nion, and learn of his qualifications for mantel broke. Children will not sit Greet with refreshing mirth,

writing such a manual. Never has the in darkness, there was nothing to do Glorious with glad rebirth

Committee been more enthusiastic but buy a new gas mantel. Directly After the rain!

about a course of study, and feel that after my husband had gone, I thought its challenging to brief introductiona Father. of thought This my Heavenly

Gleanercontent want a I knelt that struck will make every and The Quest me so forcibly book of her own. asked God to give us our daily bread. T SEARCHED for love.

"That evening it was Relief Society * Armed for my quest with joy of youth.

of faith and shield of truth, sword With have and I could had moneySeventy -three Stakes at June meeting the gem. I found silent remained for the asking, but I

like gold hair youth with Viking A better the meeting even enjoyed Conference and untold a love to Revealed me

I within because usual than myknew his heart; Within

at attendance June Convenself that heard been prayer"THE had my strange within own, enough And my

I it Department, in the * tion Gleaner answered. that be would of and that a shone matching gem I found

representatives from seventythree pride myself now that nobody knew With love profound.

stakes is evidence that Gleaner work how I was placed that night. Then came the test.

is a vital part of M. I. A. Although "Arriving home, I found a letter Alone I stood and watched him go,

none of the representatives were from waiting from an aunt, to whom my And weeping there I could not know across the ocean we are constantly rehusband had written about some geneIt was the end.

ceiving word of the splendid Gleaner alogy. I commenced reading, but As absence forced us two apart

his heart the within saw gem countries. rested eyes in other stopped being done uponwork when my flaws. full of WasI

shillfive Islands very ac- a enclosed boast the words, 'I have HawaiianThe mistrust to Revealed was grave me

I relater! ings, willtive organization, send more and we recently and rust corrosive jealousy's And

ceived from the British Mission a copy could read no more, my heart was too Had marred his gem.

of their publication, "Handbook for I turned away.

Gleaner Girls,"showing the interest After the first dark clouds had gone, and ingenuity of the girls in that MisAnd I could face the breaking dawn, sion. I dried my eyes;

And looking up my broken heart

Treasures of Truth Books ImperviousI sought a friend.to cupId's dart,

Exhibited AndOn friendship'sI found you.altar laid we there

Our weary hearts and breathed a prayer for Gleaner the reception it last. A T might

"* Convention, held June during days the passed one by one, Leaders, OF THEThatAnd as lovely examples of individual and stake We took new courage and the sun

Treasures of Truth books were disCame out again.

shared eased pain; your load; You my is which Book,played. Church The

road, the together trudged downI Gleaner materiala from of compilation behold! then And

its all the over made Church,books P I R I I We other's eyes into each gazed We especial infirst of appearance was and surprise in to our found them And terest. A love divine! The following is from the book of—Nellie Larson, Long Beach Ward,

Florence Burgess, London District: Los Angeles Stake.

.:

R Yearround Guide for Vanguard Leaders

THE PROGRAM WHEN IT SHOULD BE DONE WHO SHOULD DO IT

Membership and Registration M. I. A. Opening Party President

Vanguard Committee Correlation Plan Chm. Vanguard Committee

Priesthood—SundayM. I. A. President School

Seminary

Individual Appeal All Leaders (1516)

Local Scout Executive Course of StudyEvery Week Ward Vanguard Leaders

Merit Badge Field (VanguardScoutmasters)

I. A.,Projects Anniversary Dates (Summer Season) Vanguard etc. Committee—Leaders—M.

Churchwide Contests InArchery—WinterSeason and Spring Leaders and Community Specialists. Vanball—Fall and Winter Retold Story—Year Round (Without

Contest)

Activities AthleticTrack Meets April and May Vanguard Leaders and Experts

Hikes and Camping All Year Round Vanguard Leaders and Experts

Rallies Fall and Winter (For Special Purposes) Vanguard Leaders and Experts

Socials Once a year with girls Vanguard Leaders and Girl Leaders.

Council Fires Once a quarter (Courts of Honor) District Vanguard Commissioner and DisCeremonials When Scout Becomes Vanguard at Countrict Vanguard Committee cil Fires Vanguard Leaders Reading Course Book Year Round Vanguard Leaders "The Book Nobody Knows"Civic Service As opportunities come Vanguard Leaders

Court of Honor At Council Fires or Monthly Court of Honor Committee (With Scouts or Separately) Advancement One Merit Badge a Month Vanguard Leaders and Experts

Vanguard Leaders'Minute At close of each meeting Vanguard Leaders

Legend of the Arrowhead All year round All Vanguards with Scribe

Traditions To motivate Program year round: Vanguard Leaders and Committeemen

1. At Initiations

2. Ceremonials

3. Troop Meetings

4. Vanguard Leaders'Minute

Vanguard Emblem When Scout Becomes a Vanguard Vanguard Leaders and Committeemen

At Ceremonials, etc.

5. Drink water, fruit juices, grain 4. Avoid refined foods.

in extracts s or abundance. milk TeacherWard the of of Word Wisdom 6. regularly, Sleep early eveRewards from

1. of Health Body. Oct., to early ning morning. 1934Message, 2. Efficiency. Mental

7. regularly steadily Labor and page from 553) (Continued

3. Disease. Immunity from mind. with and body -4 }-

4. Spiritual joy understanding. and 8. correct a Secure attitude mental to Health Way A Certain

faith, charity. and hope History the of of Word WisdomPositive—have Teachings

1. Eat meat very sparingly. 9. Seek and practice the truth of 1. Promulgated in 1833 by the

2. Eat fresh fruit liberally. religion. Prophet Joseph Smith as a reve-

3. Eat fresh and cooked vegetables Negative Teachings lation from God.

regularly. 1 Drink no alcoholic beverages. 2. Practiced since then, by the Lat-

4. Eat grains (ground whole) in 2. Use no tobacco. terday Saints, as a religious

bread or porridge daily. 3. Drink no tea or coffee. principle.

.

Changes in the BeeHive Juniornext summer,Departmentbeforenextgoingyear.on to the

Flan Special Announcement 4. We call attention to the followthe year out last with ing plan worked Girls of 1213 1. The new Purpose is: girls for Association having Primary

To train for service IT has been decided by the First done Mikanwee work.

enrich girlhood To in the paths Mikanwee "One—that To promote each month) (two be starred faith in God and a "*in Presidencyorder to avoidof theduplicationChurch thatof program

plan. love for his Gospel credit girls take the for which arising may confusion, and is work Membership 2. Membership. enter become and they Mutual girls and when of twelve through

open to all girls (whether members of thirteen belonging to two organBee-Hive girls.

twelve, of not) or S. Churchthe L. D. strict record will be kept girls are these hereafter izationst "Two—a inage, years of fourteenthirteen and of Counselor the Primary Mikanwee the to by to be assigned Young

clusive, providing they will have passed Women's Mutual Improvement these paths each girl completes which their twelfth birthday by October 31st Association. will correspond to the cells in the Beeof the year in which they enter the Hive for which she may receive credit.

I. A.M. the presentation of "Three—upon ranks, are 3. three There Ranks. will be to a test the record BeeKeeper the the the of 10. day Swarm At the in respectively: Buildernamed satisfactory of completion given, upon as girls Guarworking have been who girl; twelveyear-old the forHive, receive girl will proper each which cerreceive will the Treasure dians of thirteenthe forGatherer of Honey, credit award."and dethe tificates next to promotion of the girl; of Guardianyearold and in the starred Paths were Mikanwee the in A. partment M. I. fourteenyear-old the forTreasure, last that the year, so of work many

. 1 1 the will in occur changes Slightgirl girls a will quite earned have num- 4. Trial Flights. Trial nights must formations—the old names will be disber of them to apply on their strucre- be called, They will into initiation as which continued. takenbe an filling. ask that tural cell our BeeWe

Gatherer's and spectively, Builder's, enters. girl the majorever rank a For instructions the Keepers follow above

ity of girls these will be taken prior to Guardian's formations, one being used in giving credit for these paths. This

rank. for each in the Builder into entrance of Rank is to applied in be Primary done

is: 12. Promise new The Onthe Hive. first in the my workin making two work up

I live to will each endeavor day honor in the Builders 5. Hive of work The in ranks, Builders the GathHive and

is Spirit the Hive, of the which by the consists of of Gatherers Honeyand erers to not of apply and on Honey

Faith, Safeguard Seek Knowledge, Have of cells,filling Guardians that of of the for the BeeLines of Guardians the Treasure consists of making of Health, Honor Womanhood, UnderTreasure.

stand Beauty, Work, Value LoveBeeLines. Girls'that the BeeHive hope We of Service, Sweetness Taste the Truth, required 6. are BeeLines Fourteen will time be ready by the Book Hand Feel Joy. of of Guarfor completion the Rank it If begins. shouldn't, Mutual we

dian of the Treasure, seven being give you herewith the Trial Flights foundation BeeLines and seven strucAdjustments'. so that you may begin working on

tural. them without delay.

7. Honor Requirements are pro- 7\ LL girls coming to Mutual this year

vided for those who wish to do more "whether or not they have previwork than is required for ranks (espeously taken BeeHive work will follow Trial Flights cially during the summer season), for the new plan. They are to take the As an initiation into the Ranks

which Honor Badges are given. A Trial Flights and join the rank preeach girl is required to take the followgirl may earn as many of these as she pared for their age group. For exing Trial Flights:

desires, but when fourteen are earned ample: 1. Read or listen to "The Story of

in addition to completion of the three 1. All girls entering at 12 will the Life of the Bee,"(by Clarissa A.

ranks, she is entitled to wear the Honor take the Trial Flights and work as Beesley)Ring and to be called an Honor Bee. Builders in the Hive. 2. Read Section 1—The General

She may begin earning Honor Awards 2. All girls entering at 13 years of BeeHive Plan.*

when she is a Builder in the Hive. age will take the Trial Flights and en- 3. Learn the Purpose, the Spirit of

8. The Swarm and each girl should roll as Gatherers of Honey. the Hive, the BeeHive Call and the

choose a symbol, but the name is op- 3. All girls 14 years of age will Salute.

tional. take the Trial Flights after which they 4. Give the BeeHive Promise with

of the Guardians Treasure and Salute. become 9. Flights the Trial have When

5. Salute the flag and take the for this rank. do the work outlined girl to the is ready takenbeen and

it. of allegiance pledge to girls It that having comwould mean the a she rank,enter wear emblem may

are these Flights, Cells, Trial not As in the the of Builders is pleted Hive Rank she rank.of that Day Swarm On

seals will their for be no awarded comlast to required year be not would rank, the the of next butgiven emblem pletion. all taken should be They for of the Gatherers complete the work permitted to will wear beshe not

first the the season. within of month Guardians. before becoming Honey she becomescompleted when emblem

a Guardian of the Treasure unless she However, they should be encouraged * Trial Flight No. 2, "Read the General Beehas done the work of the two previous to make up the work of the Rank of HiveBook Plan"is received,shouldasbeweleftwishuntilyoutheto newfollowHandthe

ranks. Gatherers on the outside or during new plan.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934 563

dying by inches. I can't stand itLittle Hobo any longer. Do you know what

(Continued from page 543) I mean? I can't bear to be pigeon-

}> holed and analyzed and attended noted, and my slightest indisposi- "Oh—but aren't you afraid to my diet carefully checked and

go about alone?"tion medically treated. I like to

The girl smiled. "No. I'm not be free—like the birds out here in

afraid. I won't tell you how I'm the West. Not a bird in an aviary,

traveling or you'll think I'm mad. but one that is really at liberty.

But I'm not afraid."Between my sister and my mother,

"Tell me."I am never for a moment allowed

"No."Something about his to forget that I am a Bradford, and

accent and the cut of his clothes, that I must marry a woman with although dusty, made Betty keep an equally old line of ancestors. I

from him the story of her little tell them that I don't want to secondhand Ford. Somehow, she marry a gallery of ancestors who

was afraid he would laugh at her. are already dust, but they poopoo

And here she made a mental note me into submission. I have only

to have Tommy, the boy in the one more month of freedom and! Into prison I gogarage, look at her starter again. then—allez oop

stay.Something was with wrong it. SHE HANDED THEM EACH A MENU—and dust, perhaps. She muchToo days ago I, as you so "Two

it, aptly have something permanentmust put life into took own my breast, in her a rapid beating and it she to her of about gotdone hands, left I and when scrammed. But

felt be she a confusion must whichuncle's Springs. at lodge a note for Whiterock I'd here them saying be

He owned the resort, and had the obvious. and would wait for them. Just so

best desert the "I'm. they mechanic workwouldn't on be alarmed. And to cheering for she a time him. For had lonesome—and"Eat with me,"youhe seeminvited. they wired me they would worry

quite old an man, you I'm or me. until as tobeen undecided whether here. got they See? That's

it isn't often and know, old men it shenot goes. drop pay by and would choose how They my presence are flattered the of by a visit before wife, back she censorthem went they reading, so my

; state young femmes who admit hoboto the her ofto Redlands, but speak they regulate I diet. my ism."free.starter her. If passed can't she decided be to going But I'm

ripBetty's laugh out broke and starter get to her chance a goodup more, a month anyway.

deserted the pled room. around As be—forrepaired, be she get probably here would gone, I'll be When they

still said, could, as she she soon little rest of left the thecranking Ford having further directions for its life. laughing a little: them. They're so utterly selfsuf-

I'll right. eat you, with "All it in taken they had She on the down need me. And old gentleman."poor you cotthe get lot adjoining a they ofpayment paused. Her whenficient He don'tthere—."lips, eyes half shining, her were and in left her,tage her which aunt "You've done had to something me.

they had been living at the time of parted, were like the tips of Indian This morning after I talked to you,

Betty aunt's death.her had paintbrushes. And you know Do different—came,resolved that summer "I think you lack sincerity,"he Iwhatfelt I when though I had mean? As.

said, as reprovingly, he though her touring. asleep,she been go or would someNow."the over rims were looking down over. had Shetour almost was alwaysthing—feel spectacles. seldom of heavy "Istarted over hundred out with two smiled. Betty Lee exShe knew sincere. are to laugh seem you You little her Ford, but the dollars and actly he what meant! at me."gone. nearly Maybe wasmoney as casually "So,"he announced corrected, as she you,""With let forher uncle her work would as he the though were remarking at table. his sat they down until enough she could makehim of the shining sun, going "I'm on noticed Betty luncheon, During get to beyond home. Butmoney with you."that eyes his that were and hungry this think. not dared she

Betty quickly. rose Lee "No!"closely, eating very her watched It on he unbearable to go be would

can't. travel can't with "You little. You too, noted, his hands She since been living the she had way

that sweetfaced, kind little woman moving constantly and his fingers me. Suppose I'm on a walking

had been taken from her. * * * tapping restlessly against the rough tour?"

wood that formed the arms of his

QHE saw him again at rustic chair. ITER companion in

luncheon. He was eating alone "You seem nervous, Uncle tweed laughed. "Suppose you're

over in the corner near the wide Oscar,"said the girl. "Could I not! I don't know how you're

window overlooking the Gorge. help you by listening to your long, traveling, but you're not encumWhen she entered the dining room, sad story?"She was smiling, but bered by people who map out your

he glanced up and smiled broadly. her question was sincere, and the route and order your food. Say—."

it and rehe said, suddenly alarmed, "You'reHe had shaved and was wearing man opposite her felt for a tweed knickers. He rose and came sponded. not inclined to—er—order

toward her, and for the first time "Promise you won't be bored man, are you?"

in Betty's life, she was conscious a nd I'll tell you about it. I'm She could not resist a smile of

.

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934

amusement. His eyes were so seri- "Where are you going?"to it, and stopped suddenly. At

ous; his words, so ridiculous. "Home."the wheel sat the Bradford man,

"I'm going to follow you and "Where's that?"and beside him a beautiful blonde

learn how to be free!"he exulted. 'That way,"she said, pointing. woman, her brows raised, her eyes "I'm going to know that feeling "And you must be—sensible."cold and disapproving. In the back

now or never! I just thought I Suddenly the man laughed. seat was an elderly woman with

was a hobo before. Now I'm go- "I am acting like a little child, irongrey hair, solidly built, and

with amusement in her eyes, so like I not?"ing am to—."

son's."nodded and smiled. It was her She Betty Lee left him hurriedly. But

At the door she turned. a friendly smile, and warm. "Lost?"asked the man, and in

"Goodbye,"she said. "You "All right."He placed her hand his voice was deep concern.

can have my ice cream."on the wheel again, very gently. "Yes,"said Betty. "And I'm

She ran along the corridor and "I'll grow up. Goodbye, Gypsy."so grateful to you for coming

disappeared in her room as his footalong. I wonder if you could give

steps reached the hall. She heard MANY times that me a lift to that town along the

him tramping through the corridor night the girl had occasion to regret road so I can have a mechanic fix for a long time after she was locked leaving the lodge. There was no my car. It won't start."

in her room, her heart pounding moon, and in many places the "Let me see if I can fix it,"he wildly. What should she do? Her forest, which was dense, opened up said, opening the door and joining

eyes were shining as she sat by the paths running off the road that her. She smiled.

window, the light of the sun reconfused her. Then she would of "Charles!"snapped the blonde

flected from the red cliffs outside, necessity stop and flash her spotyoung woman. "You know noththrowing a soft rose glow over her. light here and there to determine ing of this person. Please learn

She was thinking of the way his the right road. Too, the coyotes that every vagabond on the road is hair grew back from his face—and set up a dreary howling, and she not your dearest friend."

how startlingly civilized he seemed felt that something dreadful must But Charles paid not the slightin his immaculate tweeds, with his be following her. But she could est attention. The Ford, however, fresh shave. He was so—sonot turn back. Out of the conremained obdurate.

never been thing bright and beautiful. There "You slip in the back seat with him—manly.Betty groped forShewordshad to describe fusion and fear she felt, stood one "I'll drive you to town,"he said.

in love, but something about this actually existed a man who measMother."

ever Neither woman spoke to her, andman held her—gripped her—ured up! Not that she would

Without being seen she managed see him again. * * * Betty Lee felt very small and forto get her one suitcase into the back The dawn came at last and the lorn. She heard the woman beside

seat of the little car and drive girl's eyes were so heavy she deCharles say, "I see no reason why through the gates of the hotel, but cided to pull over to the side of the you didn't have her ride on the as she rounded a bend in the road road and sleep for an hour or so. running board."

she came upon him, seated dejectedBut she slept longer than she had Under the roof of the largest ly on a flat rock. As she drove intended and when she again repair garage in the little town,

into sight he rose, a broad smile opened her eyes the merciless desert Charles got to speak to her alone.

his face, came across and to have humiliated her. She beating in upon was toward sun."stopped almost heart her. Her She you, awake. at once wide was "I'mLittle—sorry

beating. As her engine murmured looked around. Ahead, about two "Hobo,"she finished.

and died, he stepped on to the miles, she could see trees and houses, "I'll go back with you—."

running board, took her hand off and what appeared to be barns and She shook her head and smiled.

the wheel, and pressed it against fences. She was very hungry. She A mechanic joined them, and

his white polo shirt to the left of stepped on the starter, but nothing Charles Bradford went back to his his tie. happened. She tried again and car, presently.

"Please,"he said, and his eyes again. At last she lifted the cushion Within a few hours her car was

held a longing that struck a sympaof the front seat and fished about speeding on past the little town tothetic note in the girl, "you for a crank, but upon applying ward Whiterock.

wouldn't desert a sinking ship!"it, she found the engine would Her uncle was delighted to see

"I,"said Betty Lee, with a gesnot budge! After an hour or so, her. Of course he'd fix the starter

ture of recklessness, "would sink she heard the steady purr of an for her. She must stay for awhile.

a deserted ship!"But her voice engine and she looked up in time "Uncle Bob,"she said, "do you

was a little more forlorn than it to see a great, powerful car sweep have enough waitresses here?"

should have been. She said: by her and with the whistling "Why—yes. Why, Bettygirl?"

"How old is your mother?"of tires against sand, stop about "I'm almost."broke, and I "Fiftyeight."a dozen yards away. She ran over thought—"Think of her for a moment. Is He laughed uproariously, "How

she so selfsufficient as you say?"much do you need?"

He shifted his eyes to the far Time "She would accept nothing she insisted earned, upon and not bit lip. 'Your hadhorizon, and died SHE their apron. a is her white giving withered. heartinclination And my toward—realism."his

like draught cooling time "I'll a little on waiting said have But do "You'll she "See?"

Refreshed and now memory my tables,"she smiled.to wait. Goodbye."

She lives! shook her head. "It Her aunt must see you again.""But I Pettit. Tanner—Mildred

"It won't do any good."can't do any harm,"she said to her

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934 565

husband, later, "And she'll feel us."she's helping

HAPPY PLACE dance pavilion A I HE beauty. of rare a canyonoverlooked PLACE

crest in the of the A HOMEYAbove the lodge, nestled pines themountains among A HELPFUL PLACE explorsilver lake. Betty wenta

ing with a party of tourists the For You and Your first day, but the second day she was determined to work. Opening in September

She slipped into the white apron and opened the door of the big Phone Was. 7878

dining room. In the corner, his

back toward her and facing his sister who recognized Betty instantly, she saw Charles Bradford!

Wildly Betty cast about for someone to take her place, but no waitress appeared. She had difficulty

hreathing as she approached their table. The woman was asking him

something and he was nodding assent. She handed them each a

menu, and felt his eyes upon her.

But she was looking beyond them, biting her lip. He did not speak,

and the agony she suffered as she took their orders and hurried away from their table, was unbearable.

Betty Lee asked another girl to serve them, and left the kitchen.

All day long despair and gloom stalked her. Why hadn't he spoken

Was he at heart like his sister? She

could not believe it!

The day dragged, but she did not see him again. Nor could she

keep him out of her thoughts nor her heart. About seven o'clock

her aunt knocked at her door.

"Come, dear,"she said. "Get

into a party dress. Some people

are coming in from the Grand Canyon and we must get something going.""I didn't bring one,"said Betty quickly, relieved at the simplicity of her excuse.

"I anticipated that,"her aunt smiled, kindly, and produced a white satin one which, with minor adjustments, made Betty Lee a princess. She also produced long

black lace gloves. But until Betty

found herself on the floor of the ballroom, dancing with her Uncle

Bob, her determination to not go was very strong.

She avoided seeing anyone, that first time round the floor, keeping her eyes on her uncle's face. But

Charles had seen her, and when he at last caught her eye, she was forced by his will, by the earnestness of his eyes, to smile at him.

"Take me outside,"she said, des- (Continued on page 574) *i mt m* +

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934

his partner.

bacon,Old Renegade ideawhen thathe snatchedhad been upin thehis fallenmind then"Reckonhe turnedyoutowardsaved my (Continued from page 524) axe. Whatever it was, he sudScotty. axe only had an And you

: h6( denly darted close forward, in to JB>—to do it with. have got me, He'd

reared. But if the grizzly heard his the shaggy, towering hulk, and sure as shootin', after that cartridge

approach, it gave him no attention. brought the blade of the axe crashjammed, if you hadn't tackled him

A charging grizzly is like a charging down through the back of the with that axe". I reckon, after

ing rhinoceros, blind to everybear's skull. seein'this, I owe you an apology

thing except the object of its charge. The blow was fatal, though for that remark I made this

And that object was Big Jim Scotty didn't realize it for an inmornin'about what you'd do if

Hardesty, with a useless rifle in his stant. He saw the bear sink foryou had a run in with this old

hands. ward, realized it was falling almost hellion."

The animal stood taller than on top of Jim's crouched body and "Forget it, Jim,"Scotty said

Scotty when it reared up and the saw a convulsive tremor shake the quietly. "I guess it's me that owes

man saw the bulging muscles of beast's great form. The axe, imthe apology, for poppin'off the

its shoulders as it lifted its paws. bedded in the animal's thick skull, way I did. I'm not overlookin'

He could see the animal's gleamwas wrenched from his hands as the fact that you got into this jam ing, unsheathed claws, its glaring, the bear toppled forward with a because you thought I was in danopen jaws, and heard its fierce low final rasping growl. ger. I reckon old Renegade meant

growl as it moved a step nearer to Big Jim, slipping to one side as somethin'more than that bounty

Big Jim. the bear fell, escaped a final swipe to us. He caused us both to realize

Perhaps it was the beat's total of the vicious claws. Rising to we may sometimes need each

disregard of him that inspired his feet, he moved around beside other."

Scotty's action, perhaps the mere Scotty, stood watching the animal And there was no smile on Big working out of some subconscious a moment to make sure it was dead, Jim's face as he nodded.

Glimpsed in a untilMartinstoppedLutherbywasthisunorthodox;continent. teacherword meantexplainedthat toGodus couldthat thisdo

rldSil (Continued from page 534) buttion,hewhichcontributedwas toto culminatethe reformain anything,We heard anything,recountedANYTHING.several of the

the restoration. Old Testament miracles, which

Joseph unorthodox, as to Smith was so were worded them makedeterminedlooking bustled woman all to preachers the according as as possible, of sound impossible ininto the office; she of the was medhis time; ushered but he in the new support the that of claim could Goddlesome type, that always knows dispensation. do anything, anything, ANYeverything in advance. Ignoring

acJesus unorthodox, was Even THING! completely, she peremptorilyme

to the learned cording Jews; but the that time of About us most that the principaldemanded drop

greatest the gave the world He got reitertired thoroughly the of consideration thisfrom same young it received. has message ation of the "anything,"of one that discussing. wereman we She

indicate this to that be unDoes boys, a youngster, thoughtful, shysaid he unfit teach to was students is superior? tobe orthodox Not 'asked quite timidly but somewhat:of age. school high said 'He She

all. at are people unorthoSome seriously, a rock "Could makeis God not orthodox."

prejudice, stubor through dox lift so it?"big couldn't He pressed as questions with When bornness, there stupidity; or mere

to specific questhe Naturally, the the heresy of form that would is in that. creditable nothing tionunfit this us the teachlaugh; for made and teaching young man to Merely has be nothunorthodox er, therehis ruffled dignity becausechemistry or mathematics, she was

it. to thing recommend

class, a in hisvery had been vague; relaugh persistently she but

the outstanding of But some scolded the for hisiterated impudence, the boy accusation: damning stones mile progress of been have sent and is not him home! orthodox.""He courage people the by had who principal's reply The Fortunately, father the boy's defense was illusetto either be in unorthodox,

minating. He said, "Orthodoxy more understanding; instead of a great of truth, or in opposition to had

is heterodoxy is your to my doxy, and punishing the boy, according error. a grave

doxy; I think that is all there is 1 i 1 the teacher's outraged demand, the

to it."And he politely but firmly father tried to explain. But to

declined to discuss it further, unless Limited Omnipotence explain without discrediting the she would present specific charges, "\fi7"HEN I was enrolled in the First teacher was a little beyond human in writing. Intermediate department, I capacity. He never was able to

In a way, he was right. Some visited a Sunday School in the persuade the boy to return to Sunof us are inclined to condemn other country. The teacher was a fine day School; being sent home in disopinions than our own, not beold gentleman, of patriarchal mien, grace had hurt too much.

cause they are better or worse, but whose principal occupation seemed Was the question justified? Had

merely because they are different. to be the maintaining of his dignot the teacher, by a bungling

But the question has another side. nity. He was not a good teacher treatment of the subject, invited a

Columbus was unorthodox, of boys. question that he could not answer?

when he said the world was The lesson for the day was on And, instead of admitting himself round; but he sailed around it, the omnipotence of God. The in the wrong, had he not taken an

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934 567

unfair advantage of the power of ited and changeable ideas of justice his position? Is it fair to growthat vary with the degree of our

ing children, to subject them to incivilization, but He cannot perstruction that denies them the oppetrate an injustice. He may acportunity to think and to inquire? complish things far beyond ourIs it fair to God? power to comprehend, or reason GREAT

out, but He cannot be unreasonable. I do not believe that God can do

injustice unreaUntruth, and sense in the inANYTHING, arethe sonableness not among atNEWS! the used word.which this teacher

God may serve out parts of the tributes of Deity.

truth, in small portions, limited by Omnipotence is one of His attrithe understanding of His nonun- butes; but it may require omClearance Sale

derstanding children; but He canniscience to understand or to exnot perpetrate an untruth. He may plain it. Entire Stock of

permit us to suffer under the lim- (To be Concluded)

R Bump otherblurredsymptomsvision, nauseasuch asandheadache,vomiton the Head ing,walking,dizziness,or unusualunsteadinessdrowsiness,in (Continued from page 537) and the person feels quite himself, the matter may be dismissed with- } 4. out further worry. However, if headache does occur, or if any of GAS

would seem that the rank and file the other symptoms mentioned apCONVERSIONof us should know and remember pear, a competent physician should certain significant indications that be called without delay. BURNERSa given bump on the head threatens Slowing of pulse rate below

more than mild consequences. We what is normal to the particular UNIT INSTALLED COMobserve learn victim to theshould in question, person following a PLETE FOR ONLY toof injury, and the when head, is a danger sigknow on he bump

is running into danger. nal, especially where that slowing

is progressive from one observation

TT is well first to remember that to the next. It is likely to mean

is that pressure inside the skull $25 is in skull fracture the of no EQUIPFOR COST inTOTAL creasing, to swelling brain due of the necessary of to injurywise INSTALLAAND MENT tissue, or to Increased hemorrhage. vestearingbrain, or to of a blood TIONsel inside the brain case. Probably pressure there makes the heart work

more people die of injuries where harder to force blood to vital Here's your opportunity to skull fractures do not occur, becenters in the brain, and decreases get a fully automatic Natural cause the serious nature of their its speed. If succeeding counts Gas conversion burner for

hurts is not realized and proper show the pulse rate to be growing your furnace at a sensational care given sufficiently early. Yet slower and slower it means that saving! We have a limited

there are means by which even the the person's life is in immediate number of these burners, in untrained can gain an inkling of danger, and help must be speedily sizes to fit most furnaces.

when something is going seriously given. Where they fit, and while

wrong inside the head. Should the pulse rate seem to they last, we offer them at

More serious injuries, of course, become more rapid during the only $25 each. Nothing more

go to the hospital at once. With period of observation, and some to pay.

headache appear indithea lesser count bump, in further deand learn at times, a physiCome cian should be called. rate,vidual's pulse hour about one offer. tails of attractive this

after the injury. It should be folWe must remember too that a

lowed for one minute by the clock, person who has suffered actual Inquire also about spethen the number of beats and the damage through a supposedly mild cial inducements on Gastime of day recorded. Three hours head injury is not out of danger fired furnaces, now belater, repeat this observation, and from complications for at least one ing sold at 20% disagain, until four observations have week, and should not be permitted count, and on easy

been recorded at three hour interto resume his work, or any strenuterms.

vals. Counts should be made in ous exercise, within that period.

Co.twentyfour and fortyeight hours Vomiting, convulsions, and unUtah Gas & Coke

after the injury. consciousness should never be perOgden Gas Co.

time, to mitted of that develop if no a mild from At the end Wasatch Gas Co.

progressive the the rate of will slowing they on head; and is bump

apparent, and there have been no not do so if proper care is given.

568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934

Social Planning purposes,gaps in coverageas the thatoverlappingoccur whenand insurancestate of Wisconsin,at present, itexceptseems inlikelythe (Continued from page 540) a number of separate employment that it will be established throughsystems seek to pool their data out the nation within the next few makes the data worthless. Also, years.

statistical success a service in the data of suchto have met with marked is at the ways, America In many is intelligent to necessary the planaiding guiding in voworkers and of crossroads today. Old methods

cational the ning of public adjustments. works; and

service provides a means for checkbusiness and of social control have "THE unemployment effects of ing on applicants for relief. broken down, or are relatively inseasonal and styllistic fluctuaFinally, a public employment effective. In the reconstruction

tions and of vocational and inservice provides the administrative that must take place before our civdustrial trends can be charted by basis that is necessary for unemilization can be secure, the public the service, and this data can be ployment insurance. The expeemployment service can be a valuused in the planning of measures rience of European countries has able aid in adjusting and stabilizing

to overcome these effects. Only the demonstrated this rather concluthe nation's industrial and social

statistics of a national employment sively. Although the United life if it is used intelligently to

system can have true value for these States doesn't have unemployment that end.

Glancing through livedThesesentimentalitystudents ofand1934cynicismhave outand hea sensegets ofoutcooperationof college.and Securityinitiative andare

(Continued from page 549) still write about willow trees and lovers'implicit in their philosophy. They

moon; but the moon has no mushy do not ask anything of life they are

tears in its eyes. These undergraduates not ready to put into it. Youth today

But happily the days of mawkish observe joyfully a pine against a barn, seems to be turning the tide to a new in a cleareyed and objective way, on a lowhanging cloud, motherhood, era of cooperation plus personal courthe hard tennis court or the chemical athletic comradeship of the sexes; the age. There is hope for America in

lab. One coed addressed her boyfolly rather than the glamor of war. such young people emerging from the

friend over the crucibles thus, accordThey seem to be up with the dawn, depression; they do not berate society;

ing to Bill: walking before breakfast. instead, they are purposefully ready to

acid, Bill. try sulphuric social friendlier a to themselves the adapt to have seem And they At daydream must you now?"Let'sWhy their to reshape order environment or one Only this four should poem—fromforgotten ideas. masterfully their to suit own getting a job, and the about it. finished done."Be And my We depression.Idaho—is

words wait author sounds so sturdy and gay that They are eager to take the open road,

Another chance, for I am hoping still. he is likely to find a job the minute strong and content.

Faith usherin.handsHer eyesshook.were Ihaggard,had neverand waswere drawnexceedinglyand tight.bright.HerTheyeyes

(Continued from page 547) realized before that my mother was almost seemed to burn. My sister

—<$ an old woman. sat in one corner of the room weep-

"The elders have just left,"she ing quietly. The doctor was pac-

"If your father isn't any better said quietly. 'They administered ing the floor. John, the twin

by noon, I guess you'd better go,"to David!"brother to the sick boy on the bed,

said. couldn't go thereshe "You sick the foot at the of was sitting I I blankly. echoed "David!"anyway."back in one dayand eyes bed, to His me. and beckoned move. could hardly so tired I was

During the forenoon, while I "Is he sick too?"I'managed to were wet.

was away from the house working, ask. "Dave is dying,"he whispered.

a neighbor came in and told I was numb. I seemed to feel gone the doctor had and Mother a of quite that one her sons hadMother or to be nothing, watching came out of the room. My sister father's. likesore throat They going on. impersonally was what

called me in from the fields and over to me. It was soon over. David died

told me to saddle our fastest horse "Yes, Dave is sick. Father is in his mother's arms with a smile

and set out. dead."on his lips. Mother slowly dis-

I rode like mad, almost without "Good Heavens!"I cried, "poor engaged her arms from round the

stopping. The night was nearly mother."Exhausted, numbed by boy's body. Gently she laid his

gone, and the horse nearly dead this last shock, I dropped into the head back. She stood up slowly,

when I reached Provo. The docnearest chair, and in a moment, almost as if she were dreaming.

tor started out with me at dawn because it was a physical impossiHer eyes seemed to be seeing somethe next morning. I was on a bility to do anything else—my thing far away.

fresh horse, of course. eyes closed. "'The Lord giveth, and the

When I awoke, I heard low Lord taketh away; blessed be the

"PHE night was far advanced when voices in the adjoining bedroom. name of the Lord',"she quoted

we arrived home. I shall never I arose and tiptoed in. Mother slowly and quite distinctly. Then

forget how my mother looked was sitting on my brother's bed she pitched headlong onto the bed, when she came to the door to let with his head in her lap. Her face her body racked with dry sobs.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934 569

rapidity. reptiles, the So amazing too, with which venomamong

species locality are of the head is the sure quickKnow Your Snakes ous of the movement (Continued from page 531) to be found. Watching them for in striking that it can scarcely be

&- "tif a few minutes would be sufficient followed by the eyes. Snakes may

for the average person to ever after or may not give warning before straight downwards, and rarely recognize the venomous ones. they strike either by hissing or else,

its is it misses a that snakeindeed virattlesnakes, the case the in of are this fortunate In country we to are the native cobrasmark. The the rattles of the end the brating on in indeed four only having venomis it estimated World, on andOld tail. distance striking average The rattletypes snakes. ous of The authority over thatgood 20,000 is repthe third of a than not more snakes, disthe being widely most are killednatives of annually India this tile's length, though may body tributed the snakes of venomous reptiles. inthese deadlyby Awe be the snake be on should exceeded are to borders, be within our found is as theirspiring they appearance force a surface, the with for smooth all over States, there the United and feetraise three their four or body it cause the strikes might which are species reptiles these of many erect the the groundfrom and fordistance slide a short to body all they but the have determinone striking. to preparatory"hood"a for position usual ward. The feature rattle. ing a of Lots of is exerected of means hood byThe knee, is the bite below anywhere are people the under impression located the in the vertebraetending it is confined frequently but more that a the age rattlesnake of may reptile. theneck of victim. the feet ankles of or to the rattles be the judged of number by

careful in climbing be should One that its age is of possesses—not to put never rocks over or on to except importance toTN these United States we have, in paramountit

the southeastern southwestand the or rock ledge a the on hands killed someone one may have who states, relative a closeern of the is clearly in view, not of top which this and then, of course, becomes

Old World cobra, in the coral an important item in telling about for it would be disconcerting to

Its too, forsnake. drop venom, least a the to venomous meet say feat. the digress a moment. To

isdrop, deadly that more than except face. Snakes, to face snake a seen in snake the has of Anyone who

species. of other ourany venom spit not Spitting the for Cobra, do desert or will invariably woods say

is coral rarelyFortunately the snake instances a in some though venom, it that six feet eight or was long it is asseen in nocturnal habit and its objective and miss snake might least at three inches in or four andfavors subterranean burrows. The its in mouth, catch the fangs own circumference. wonders One why too, arefangs, short, ordinary and naturally would some venom when small, the naturalsized are snakesloose clothing protection be would species off. of be Some thrown so seen! seldom a snake Perhaps the bite a coral of snake evenfrom others fixed fangs, have snakes have story to least at be equal good mustif were are encountered. one They the yarns fishermen! of amateur prettily bizarrelymost and marked

rattlesnakes andas their general color scheme is coral To return to the and the body is encircled with altheir age. When born, the young

ternating bands of red, yellow, rattlesnake has a small button on black and yellow repeated markthe end of its tail which, with each ings in the order named. Unlike shedding of its skin, is increased by

other snakes, the coral snakes are another rattle. As a healthy

not colored so that they blend in snake is apt to shed its skin every and harmonize with their sursix to eight weeks during the sumroundings. Protective coloration, mer, this is not a really accurate

though, plays quite an important way of determining its age. Then,

part in the concealment of other too, the rattles are frequently Enjoy the Outdoors species. broken off. There are several species of rattlesnakes in this counEVERY WEEK

Many young, enthusiastic but try, the largest of which is the To help you plan interesting uninformed naturalists will avow Diamondback rattlesnake found in trips to points of interest that the one true characteristic of the southeastern portion of the ofF the beaten trail, we have a venomous snake is its arrowUnited States which measures up published a 40 page book head.shaped unfortunately, This to feet eight length. in or nine hints. It contains travel on

is true. coral for snakes, not The a in to corporation Florida Thanks of than descriptions more

isinstance, a that have head someis rattlesnake which canning meat unusual unique 100 and is little blunt bigger thanwhat and for there delectation our probably in Scenic places America restthe the of body. only The will decrease a considerable in be to unfamiliar places manytrue a determination of whether if the reptiles of these the number this motorists. of copy A is is,snake or otherwise venomous reports sales are the of tremendous is travel yours guide helpful itsaside bite, suffering from from indication the the inroads of an at for asking the any Pepits possession sacs of both venom is corporation the into making station. Vico 88 and fangs, either as ofand and method rattlesnake family. Diamondback

determination would entail too 'Tis said that rattlesnake meat is close an observation for an amrare a that, too, delicacy—and it isateur, as to well give snakes a OIL CO. REFINING UTAH Ripley. without consulting Mr.

is recto until able onewide berth Service Stations 400 and Dealers ognize the venomous species at in Utah and Idaho.

sight. Museums and zoological CNAKES move with great facility,

gardens usually have a collection of speed and silence. They strike,

570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934

hinged ones which are folded back hypodermic needles) should be All snakes are capable of biting, in a membraneous sheath when not painted with iodine and incisions but the bite of the harmless varieties in use. Once the venom sacs are made by a sterilized knife or razor is no more painful or serious than

empty, it takes from five to ten blade one quarter of an inch deep a number of pinpricks, but it is addays for them to refill, so that if by a quarter of an inch long over visable to be sure that you recog- a snake had killed a rodent it is the actual punctures. Then, if one nize the snake, and to do that it is

probable that its supply of venom lacks a snakebite suction outfit and necessary to become familiar with would be exhausted, and that a not has no abrasions, faulty teeth or the appearance and general characvery severe reaction would occur if cuts in the mouth, suction should teristics of the four venomous types an individual were bitten shortly be applied for twenty minutes every found in this country.

thereafter. It is thought by some hour until the swelling subsides. > 1 -$

that venomous snakes used by perSuction naturally tends to remove formers have had their fangs re- a goodly quantity of the venom, Reminiscences of moved, but this would not be a though little will be extracted dursatisfactory manner of attempting ing the early part of the operation. Charles W. Nibley

to incapacitate a venomous snake, As the area swells, more incisions (Continued from gage 529) as accessory fangs would quickly should be made at the edges of the fe 4 out. areagrow Care, be applied. and suction did done cooking was we What of course, taken to avoid must be other two families of venThe our sold that fire on had for we

veins. into or cutting tendons The snakesomous found within our stove Stoddard, to John who was

it is off as blood venom and drawn borders are the or Copperheads for the father Stoddard, of George

Highland Moccasins and the Water should be expectorated immedi- a piece of land over in the east field.

Moccasins. These two are closely ately. The victim should be kept I can remember that one day

related to each other, though the as quiet as possible and not be alBrother James A. Leishman (who

Water Moccasin is only found in lowed to exert himself at all. In at this date, 1915, is still living)

addition, alcoholic stimulation no districts in southeasternswampy stove sold asked our me if we had given be as it wouldVirginia to in Florida, the Misshould for I told he and only and what. him

sissippi Valley and westward to tend to increase the heart action and intimated that we had rather been central Texas. The Copperhead the blood circulation which, in imposed upon in the deal as he'said

is confined to the somewhat large turn, would expedite the diffusion he would not give that stove for area composed of the eastern states of the venom through the victim's the whole of the east field. That

from Massachusetts to eastern Florblood system. Of course, a doceast field land is now worth more

ida, westward to central Illinois, tor should be brought to the sufthan $100.00 an acre.

Kansas and the Rio Grande. The ferer just as quickly as possible. There was no window of any

Water Moccasin is a dull olive Cauterizing snake bite wounds is kind whatever in our house.

brown color and has numerous inuseless, being purely a somewhat Neither was there a door. My

distinct dark bands, but the cop-, barbaric suggestion of wild west mother hung up an old quilt or perhead is of two shades of brown writers. piece of an old quilt, which served

which make it blend in admirably Several serpentariums have been as a door for the first winter. This

with fallen leaves or light brown established in various parts of the was our bedroom, our parlor, our or gray sandy soil. world and in them venomous sitting room, our sleeping room,

THE venom of different snakes snakes"milking"are keptor extractingfor the thepurposevenom.of ourroom kitchen,of abouteverything12x16. Howin thisin

causes different reactions. Some This is then injected into healthy the world we all got along in it

affect the nervous system causing horses in very small doses which I do not in the least remember, but the victim to lose all control over are increased weekly until after we did manage somehow. Of

his head so that it lolls from side about six months the animals are course when you mention comfort to side. Other venoms cause a deemed ready for testing. Their or anything like comfort, there

coagulation of blood under the blood has set up a reaction and an could have been none of it there, skin, bleeding from all openings antivenin has been formed, and but I do recollect that my dear old on the body such as the eyes, the blood is tested for its efficacy. mother has stated on many occaears, nose, etc., dizziness and vomAbout eight quarts of blood is sions that no queen who ever eniting, as well as a painful swelling drawn from each animal, and this tered her palace was ever happier

of the affected area. In fact it is is allowed to clot when a serum or prouder of shelter and the blessfar from a pleasant experience to rises to the surface. This is reings of the Lord than she was when

be bitten by a venomous snake, and moved, filtered and sterilized, put she entered that completed dugprompt and heroic measures must up in 10 c. c. syringes, and is ready out. (To be Continued)

be adopted if the victim is to conto be used in cases of venomous tinue to enjoy life. First, a tournisnake bite. The antivenin for use

quet must be placed tightly enough against the venom of our North You over the area to prevent a return American venomous species is poly- "yOU catch the golden thread of love flow of blood, and this must be valent, being made from the venom * And weave it round my darkest days, loosened every fifteen minutes for of the water moccasin, the copperuntil, a few seconds and then retightened head and the rattlesnake. AntiTheAs sunsetshadowsrays glowbeyondwitha hill.opalescent light

so that a gangrenous condition of venin is injected in the area of the each touch somber moment Youthe effects offsets bite be avoided. neurotoxic and wound may The

a bit you, golden of With and then,actual area the needlelike around incision in case should but and no tear a jewel bright becomes Each incisions (it is said that snake fangs suction be omitted from the treatFor memory's crown a diadem.were the precursor to our modern ment of venomous snake bite.—Mildred Tanner Pettit.

a!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934 571

likened to her Worth called thisSkin Deep this! He woman

said. (Continued from page 520)—toAndmagnificent!Hurley you,""Like he je*. *4 6

warm oriental rugs covering the a>ETTS tramped into dark shipboard flooring in Hurley the room and pushed between the

Worth's living room. They came two. She had Kiople under one arm,

up in front of a large canvas at the and Justis under the other. With

far end of the long room. There wide eyes she stared up at the paintNever have gasoline

she stood quietly, Hurley at her ing. claims been so quickeyesside, with gazed upward and "Is she Hurley?"a farm woman, ly proved and underexpres- a strange amazedin which question. her she raise came "Does

sion took form and merged swiftly apricots, like Cousin Cynthia scored by hundreds of into a look of veiled revolt. does?"thousands of drivers

To say the least, the figure on "I'm not sure what she does,"intent only on finding it interest,the aroused canvas was he dreamily. answered sure "I'm a better gasoline at garb, ofso of build, drab muscular that she is beautiful, only Betsy."a "regular"price. At feature. stamped Toil dull ofand

the young woman. Her large round "Beautiful? My goodness! Red Triangle Stations.

staring eyes conveyed to Cynthia That woman? Why, I'd never

a soul that understood nothing but call her that! She's not even

looking.work. As if, even had there been pretty—hardly good

the capacity for finer mental ascent, Mercy! Why, excuse me, Hurley

wilfully have wouldthis woman dear,regular—cabbagebut that lady lookswoman!"to me like the the lowly, herself toheld hum- a

Cynthia's "Cabbage woman!"ble, Cynthia, and uninspiring. To rang through the room, but dull, anilaughthe face appeared stupid,

mal. There was no beauty about the words had a strange effect upon

it. Not even emotion. She looked her. She wanted to get away. She

sodden, stunted. She made Cynthia turned quickly, left the house, and

think of a chunk of grey earth, at started across the orchard. Hurley

the side of a dreary dusty road! strode beside her. Betts tagging

Hurley's hand touched her arm, at their heels heard Cynthia say:

but Cynthia did not turn to him. "I must run into town this

morning, Hurley."at the picto stare continuedShe Hurley, I return. I think when see that Joel on Truman "Toture. I'll you."have something to show irrigating deal, I suppose."see real he Nevers beauty,""There you

traffic that little Cynthia, cop (1EE, shopping."approachingsaid "No—a something with

awe in his voice. "Real beauty, "Let me drive you in."we just skimmed past gave you

Cynthia.""Beauty—"Cynthia's tones "I'd rather you'd be at my house, a horrible murderous look!"

grated. "The figure portrays a

woman who has chosen the sombreand the colorless experiences of life, Announcing the 85th Opening rather than the vivid and happy."of the

"Showing character,"spoke Hurley. "Hence, beauty, my dear.For, after all, character is beauty, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

you know, Cynthia—the only Registration Dates for the Fall Quarter 193435 is."there actuallyheauty

Cynthia lifted her eyes and lookSEPTEMBER 1. Freshmen should submit applications and traned at him. His handsome face was script of credits with Recorder. Upperclass

deeply serious. transfer students should file transcript and

think so?"she honorable dismissal from previous school.stumbled."You—you"That's the way you SEPTEMBER 19. English and Psychological Examinations for

see it? Freshmen.

"It is! I could never see it in SEPTEMBER 2022. Special Instructional Classes and Registraany other way!"tion for Freshmen.

Cynthia swung her gaze back to SEPTEMBER 24. Registration For All Other Students.

the stodgy figure in oils, staring SEPTEMBER 25. Regular Class Work For All Students Begins.

down at her from the canvas. Shetried to grasp this man's viewpoint, Complete Your Plans For Enrollment Now

to appreciate his conception of For Catalogue and further information, address the President, beauty, to see what he saw in that thick, unattractive figure to callbeautiful. But it was useless! To UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

SALT LAKE CITYher the woman was repulsive—

thing to be laughed at, and scorned! a

572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934

"Thanks, lamb. I'm beginning Betts. "Powder or 'luring per- "Yes,"answered Cynthia, in a

to believe you're my guardian fumes—em—."tiny strained voice. "To get some

angel, Betsy.""I'd never be able to stand it, clothes."

Cynthia slowed her car, and Betsy, going on for years withouttried at the same time to bring her things—looking plain and dull and ilE reached out and

racing thoughts down to forty ugly. I'm going to get some decent turned her about, peering at her as

miles an hour. Cabbage woman duds today and try him out!"if she were some kind of specimen

did she raise apricots like Cynthia "Try who out? David? Gee, strange to him. Then he made a

did? * * Character is beauty he'd be tickled pink!"brief outward gesture with his

the only real beauty there is! * * "I mean Hurley Worth."hands and inquired:

Drab, sodden, joyless! No life! "Oh!"gasped Betts, and, being "What do these things mean to

No happiness! No color! * * She absorbed in the scenery forgot to you, Cynthia?"

say more. Cynthia straightened and liftedcould never go on with it—never

never The morning flew. Cynthia her coppery head. "They mean

"Betts,"she said very quietly, and Betts poured in and out of that I would never be a cabbage clearlike exclusive shops two woman, if"I believed once I were very plain. ''little rivers headstrong very unattractive,and a and man headed 'Cabbage—woman—Hurley."glortheir to a dancing upon way spiteloved I that, of me in burst would "Cabbage woman, yes,"

be supremely satisfied and content. ious sea. When, finally, the tour in Betts. "Like that picture of

But I'm not! I'm not the least was ended, and Betts gazed upon yours, Hurley. That ugly picture

as a finished cousin product, herlittle likes bit! I'm all achy to work and squirmy the where the woman

it child control herfound hard to likes inside. else! writhingand picture Cynthia and nothing That

self.of be Hurley's brought me to my things—she loves to

senses. realize I didn't I "You'll knock him cold beautiful!"pretty until

she his exyou'll eye out!"punchstood before that stupid ugly beautiful."isn't being "That ulted. of "He'll joy! drop dead

I that submitting was to steel.woman "She's like voice His was

! picture, a You're You're Cynthiaa colorless I existence soggy could herself!"spoiled

beautiful! I love perfectly yournever headed was declared just the same!""She's endure—I hat hair adore cut yourstraight sure for short—I and being Betts. a—feet those your and make pumpscabbage myself!"She woman sort this If be! couldn't "She fairy's. as as a tiny look Thatpaused, a took long relieved deep

is to important thing of fur dress gorgeous and her—thisbreath. that lamb, person "Why, finer, superficial surface a dream! And What stuff—peachyscarf—boy!wouldn't a pretty what know

! are deeper things Her not thought too. will so sure think I'm Hurleyfrock as was she'd not?"evenfor—likely taken be could not -hisself by help he could How both—that's it! floorsclean or with hats And impossible. she other plain, way The liked me "He Betsy—shoes or—."grand, stood world, the out from character Cynthia's then."had "Lipstick or rouge,"added voice sounded a little desperate and uncommon! Now—now she's just

bitter. "Men are funny animals, like hundreds of others cluttering

lamb."the city streets and tea rooms

Attention Bishops! And to this Betts thoroughly silly, ordinary, characterless, and

Help the missionary work along: agreed the instant she and her lovely unlovely! Cosmetics and dress at the

Bureau of Information cousin stepped from Cynthia's car have been given the place of better by getting your at the steps of her big white house, things!"

quickly Betts the color swiftly watched Hurley Worth strode Sacrament Sets and face. in path to the orchard greet deepen along Cynthia's

From Us them. She watched with amazewatched her adjust her modish ShelitPRICES: NEW LOW tle of his handexpression the a still angle. ment gayer hat to She Water SILVER

plated face neared. She change tray—heavywith as he three a give her dozen some her fur scarf watched

glasses $10.00 saw the eagerness and sweetness shake and place it more defiantly glasses Extra

mask. of hardened into a kind her shoulders. about she Then BREAD TRAYS$1.00 and $1.25 per $7.50do*. turn

lips his tighten his and She saw her turn to her watched car and BUREAU OF INFORMATION Block eyes grow small and piercing. step in. Betts hastened to follow. Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah "Is this what you went to the Cynthia started the car and they city for?"he asked. moved smoothly down the drive.

"Where are we going, Cynthia dear?"sweetly questioned Betts.

"To see about an irrigation i ditch, my darling,"as sweetly re-*<*VOLU WELEAHE plied her cousin.

IS BEST SERVED BY BUYING "Oh, that Joel Nevers!"sputtered Betsy. "That stubborn redheaded pig!"

? mean, "Auburnheaded, you UTAH BEET SUGAR lambkins. waves And there are1 NONE BETTER—AT ALL GOOD GROCERS it, remember, little one,"correctedin

Cynthia gen fly. "But as for stub4www *

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934 573

I'll have to admit, that Cynthia Jordan,"he answeredborn—well,

you're right in that regard. I with careful courtesy. "And I

haven't so much as caught a flash want most terribly to marry her!"

of the gentleman since last April.""For her money—for her brains her beauty? Which?"deHEADQUARTERSNEWFOR "I bet he got mad about some-—for SAINT LATTERDAY severely Betts as as she manded it all histhing, and was own GARMENTS his eyes could so adorwith brownfault!"TO YOU FACTORY FROM ingly for her Cynthia. upon "Or Solicit Mail Orders Your We did "I bet he 88. Ladies'Lt. and Men's Wt. No. a cabbage too—but character—like.65 $ Style New all fault.quite his own itA wasn'tteeny, ugly nothing but Ladies'89. and Men's Med. Wt. No. grandwoman's—with bit Betsy."mine,weeny 1.10 was Style New clothes?"

1.35 Double Back Men's Wt. No. 80. Heavy

Style 81. said to herself Betts that Double the old Old Wt. No. Heavy shooting whole "For the 1.50 Back lived a disgrace,house Joel in was Styles 87. Lt. Old No. replied Wt. match!"Joel Nevers and New with

85. Special GarNon-Run Very a himself didn't build heand 85 why alacrity such that Betts No. he made To ments—Guaranteed—Not fiercely as stared one. at it Shenew Special 1.15 Rayon. Run jump, and she thought strong how

84. Men's and Med. No. front inthey of it, and up swung and determined that redheaded Style, Ladies* Double Lt.NewWt.

85 to stare Joelcontinued Fine Extra Yarn, Combed when just then. of his looked himjaw "For bust, Specify ordering, your trunk when rickety theself came tearing down style, old or length, whether and and her brains, new her money, her beauty

steps against leaning stood and or the depths of the whereif men'sin ortheladies'.UnitedWeStates.Pay Postage Any-—skindeep, roadster. sports orchidCynthia's sea! For herself. Suffocated in

the expressed to herBetsy opinion silks, or shivering in rags! Any LEWIS MOSE red clashedself that orchid and MAIN at old all, Betsy, way would make CITY, SALT 14 LAKESO. ST.UTAH terrible. his didn'tsomething But this seeing mention a certain undeserving the Please wretchbrown eyes have a kind of look of Magazine Add in this

velvet about them? happiest man in the world!",

"I came to talk with you—seeing you refuse to consider the matter through my lawyer—aboutgetting water from your supply to Call on We're Here to Help

I fifty acres of mine.that south Pictures, pictures, Us—everywhere! Around the house, at the club—today, trees die. it, orhave to have this tomorrow, weekend. let my out! Get your Kodak

The finest trees on my place! Will Call on us for films,—you want Verichrome, of course. For finishingyou sell me what I need for the you want our careful service. For picturemaking information—we're here

season?"to help.

is selection complete in stock here always of Eastman Cameras $5.00 up, as little as and Brownie cameras for $2.25. "Sell you water—."Betts KodaksA

wondered why his voice sounded so thick and wobbly. "When Ibegged you steadily for a whole EASTMAN KODAK STORES

year to let me give you everything Incorporated

I 155 South Main Street—Salt Lake City, Utah possess—even my heart and soul,

Cynthia!""This is a purely business prop- f- *i!

osition, Joel."Cynthia sounded

queer too, and she wasn't looking /'* at Joel. "It doesn't matter what kind of -Ac

a proposition you came to make.

You're here! That's all I care

about. And I'm not going to let

you go until you hear what I have to say!"Betts saw his hand go

out and close over Cynthia's upon the wheel. "Cynthia, everything

was my fault,"he admitted. "I

was just pigheaded and stubborn, that was all! I'm sorry! Forgive

me, please, dear! I love you!

You're the sweetest, the most precious, the most beautiful—."

"Do you realize, Mr. Joel

Nevers,"Betts cut in sharply, "that beauty is only skindeep—and

not that?"niversilysometimes even

Joel's eyes widened, and a low rumbly laugh broke from his Registration Days for 59th Academic Year strong throat. September 21, 22, 24, 1934

"I realize that I'm mad about *> 574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934

inquiring around and it seems that

Little Hobo she is the niece of the people who (Continued from page 565) own this miserable little place."

frBetty stopped. Her eyes were wide,

and dread grew within her breast.

perately, as the music ended. "I Nor could she go on.

want to see the canyon in the "And she lives alone! That's

dark."Her uncle chuckled. enough for me! Suppose you

"All right, Bettygirl. But I should take a little nobody like this

think you're keeping something waitress back home!"

from me.""Not,"said Charles, "that anyThey stopped near the railing thing has been said of it!"

and looked over into the gorge The words cut into Betty's soul whose stream of water shimmered and seared themselves there.

in the starlight. Tonight there "Who said I intended—?"

were no clouds. But Betty had reached her room,

"Hello,"said a voice behind her eyes dry. She would leave tothem, suddenly, and she turned, night. Was it scorn she had heard

her heart pounding, her hands cold. in his voice? She couldn't bear to

"Oh,"said her uncle, "do you see him again. She felt bruised, inknow my niece?"side. And something as heavy as

"Yes, indeed,"said Charles granite, and as cold, lay against her

Bradford, smiling. "We are dancheart. Somehow the gay, enchanting the next one together."And his ing, daring, adventure had ended

possessiveness, his mastery of the flatly. Somehow the whole thing

situation made the older man's had lost its flavor.

Utah's Pioneer Printers brows rise. "Dear Uncle Bob and Aunt

But Betty did not answer his Mary,"she wrote. "You have

and Bookbinders smile. both been very kind to me, but I

"There must be some mistake,"can't stay. I'll be all right. Betty."

Church Magazines bound pershe said, "I have the next two."

manently and attractively "But surely,"said Charles, not at little cost.

taking his eyes from her face, "you IT took Betty Lee exdesigns in Wedding Newest will allow me to have a word with actly three weeks to get to RedStationery. and Social

you before the music starts."Her lands. Doubling back from WhiteModern Type Faces. uncle chuckled and moved away. rock a short way, she took an Book and Publication Print- "Betty Lee—"Charles crooned, unused road, and finally struck the

ing. making the name vibrations of highway to Las Vegas. Here she

music. "I love that name. Betty was very fortunate in getting a job

Printing. Music I in the lobby hotel, of a small selling—Lee—."much research,

curios, candy, magazines. and Forms. Record ran upon. it—After

"You were no doubt lost in In the evenings after she had closed

ESTIMATES CHEERFULLY GIVEN thought on the subject when I the stand, she walked under the starry sky; and the never ceasing waited on your table—."

Stjp "Charles!"a voice exclaimed, wind across the sands whispered

sharply, behind them. "You must and shrieked and moaned a single

face was constantly beremember your promise—who you name. His

are, Charles!"fore her. She dreamed of him I St.—Salt Lake City, Utah "But she isn't a waitress,"Charoften, during those long, still29 Richards

les said, hotly. "Besides, if she nights, of his eyes, and the echo of

were, what business is it of ours? his laughter, but upon awakening

she find eat, an would of empty world don't we?"We INDEPENDENT BE reality, sleep said Clarice, icily, and her evade promise,"would "A Vocation So Profitable! No Other until last she a a dawn. "is promise!"was in At ENROLL NOW at the "My back was turned to her position to leave, and as she told Course For a Complete

when I promised that. You took the old German who had hired her

goodbye, he said, scratching his of me!"Culture advantage of BeautyQuish School chin: Lee had slipped But Betty in the West The Best

304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. through the doorway, reentered the "Ach, you are not veil, so?"

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH brilliant ballroom, passed through Betty smiled sadly, and sighed.

For Further Information the door into the darkened hall, Physically, she was well enough.

and Catalog Call and along the side of the railing "I don't care,"she told herself,

Wasatch 7560 or that ran around the pavilion. As vigorously, but without convicFill in This she passed along the board walk tion, as she finally reached the outCoupon

set her far of Redlands. She not from them, she heard skirts % persisted, chin firmly. saying: Clarice But the tears

"Don't be a fool. The girl has and she drove faster as she came

no background. I've done a little nearer her home. The tears were \ \

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1934 575

now falling freely, and she was sobbing aloud.

As she drove into the drivewayof her little home she saw how LD.S. GARMENTS SEASONS ALL FOR

line of L. D. S. Garments we suggest the followingbadly the lawn needed cutting, and Selected from our extensive

that she would have to get the roof numbers for all season wear:

patched up before the rainy season No. 12 NewCombedStyle,Cotton.ribbed AnIgt. excelwgt. ber.Our Men'sbest sellingnew orwoolold style.num-.$3.00

set in. It was all so desolate. * * lent Ladies'number $1.25 No. 17 Light weight garment,

"If I only hadn't said I was a No. 13 Oldcotton,Style,our standardribbed lgt.garmentwgt. 1.25 No. 18 LightLadies'weightnew styleSpringor old styleand 1.10

hobo,"she said bitterly. "He beNo. 14 Ribbedbleached. med.Our wgt.all cotton,season No. 19 LightAutumnweightgarment.silk Menfor ladiesonly. 1.00

lieved me!"She came to an abrupt number. Men's new or old only, new style only 1.15

stop. Something stirred in the No. 15 Ribbedstyle heavy wgt. unbleach- 1.45 No. 20 Mediumand women,wgt. newsilkstylefor onlymen 1.75

shadows near the porch, and a figed cotton. Our double back No. 21 Ladies'new style light wgt.

ure started moving toward her. number.style Men's new or old 1.50 No. 22 Ladies'1 /3 woolnew or old style med. 1.75

She shivered as though she were No. 16 Part wool, ribbed unbleached. wgt. Part wool, silk stripe... 1.50

seeing a ghost. sleevesIn ordering,or ankle lengthbe surelegs,to specifyare wanted.whetherAlsoold orgivenewbuststylemeasure,garments,heightshortandlegsweightand

insure perfect was to Her voice "Charles—."Postage prepaidfit.on orders accompanied by money order in United States. Specialquestioning, half fearful, as though to missionaries. discount

of Blankets Utah Wool and Utah Labor. are made Our Jack Frost senses.she her doubted

Prices Write light up. eyes. She saw his ORIGINAL TO FACTORY YOU—THEfor

"Betty! Is it really you"?"He

the door, stopdid not to open but Utah it, theslipped over top of and into OneHalf BlockWoolenSouth of Temple MillsGates.

the seat beside her. Briant Stringham, Manager 28 Richards Street

"I like your little place. I got

pretty well acquainted with it, sitting on the porch for three weeks!"

Suddenly he kissed her warm lips satisfyingly.long, and deep, and LITTLE LIGHT

agrees with me, and if A "Mother you'll 'yes 'we'll say only have the A little light on your insurance will undoubtfor us!"world doing handsprings

Betty caught a cartoon of the edly reveal the fact that you are greatly underworld in a handspring, and laughinsured. Think what it would mean if fire

ed, a warm, satisfied gurgle, from destroyed your property.deep in the folds of his sweater.

*. 4f UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

An Alaskan See our agent in. your town.

Afternoon CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City (Continued from gage 532) HEBER J. GRANT &

)8h -gf ii -i iii i ii - in % im m* mi paw and then the other; then

scratching his ear with a hind paw Salt Lake Gity's Newest Popular Hotel several times comically, he got up and walked over to the still feebly flopping fish and gave it a viciousslap on the head. Then he picked HOTEL

it up and walked over to where the other two bear were feeding. Holding the salmon down between their TEMPLE

paws they tore the skin from the fish and started eating. One of the SQUAREcubs left his own fish and tried

to edge in on his mother's. She 200 Rooms each with

hit him a swift blow that sent him Tile Bath sprawling head over heels. Rates

They fed for some time, then something disturbed them, for they $1.50 to $4.00

immediately left their meal and Radio Connections for hurriedly shuffled over the sand flat Every Room and off into the brush, the old mother bear bringing up the rear. Opposite Great Mormon Temple

I felt well satisfied with the afterERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager

noon, so I slung my pack and started down the hill to camp.

pvo\ ViigtjolnvACKjoxAl

MRS. EMIL GUBLER, OF SANTA CLARA, UTAH, in the world did she find such things to write about? Doesn't

SENDS US A POEM AND A PICTURE. she know that hand plows have long since gone out of

"p\EAR Editor: service; and that horses need a longer noon than for a

*-* "Here is a poem for the 'New Writers'section and a man to gulp a little omelet?

picture to go with it. "The picture I refer to appeared a few numbers back and

was a farmer following a hand plow and at the same time, apparently, doing the 'Highland Fling.'

"Why not print things that really exist rather than the workings of an imagination that has never been on a farm?"

"P. S. You might ask Fielding K. Smith where he got

the idea that a hand plow had a tongue and neck yoke."

"TNEAR Editor: i i i

*-** "I remember some time ago when an article in the Era caused much discussion someone wrote a reply to it. The

controversy increased the interest in the magazine. As I have

heard much contention concerning the article by Mr. Forsyth

negating the writing art (particularly because the M. I. A.

is the champion of hobbies and leisure time activities), I have written a reply to it. I hope for the sake of all those who

have so eagerly taken up writing that the encouraging word as well as the discouraging word will be given consideration.

"I have myself kept the article, out of writing but in my "Rub-a-dubdub, classes inspiration I have proved can do. Production what

in a tub, boys Three selling and far of manuscripts exceeded expectations. have my

Jay, and Phil. Marion, and Glen They're I especially Therefore sorry was for Forsyth's the damper Mr.

their see mother, I'm You article put spirits. Isn't there relish in upon always so many

all brothers. are they And a comeback? "Sincerely yours,

be ill will never they I hope "Claire Stewart Boyer."

doctor, their sun is The article in the air their The fresh nurse, SURELY,near future.Mrs. Boyer, we will print your

The wide open spaces their friend. f 1 i

I know they are happy /UR Fiction Writers This Month: Lillian McQuarrie

Why shouldn't they be?—'a Salt Lake girl who won a prize from Liberty magazine

I send. to you Their greetings now ago; Salt Ridges, a Milton two years is probLake boy—this "Mrs. first his to Emit Gubler."ably story be printed; Grace lady Tinkham—a

Francisco; 1 from i Earl San i C. newspaper McCain—-Denver

DEAR Editor: man and writer.

"To list all the many Era features that merit commendation would make this letter too long, but I would like to express my appreciation of the department for beginners in writing. "The encouragement and training of our boys and girls in every line of creative effort may be regarded as a part of our creed. Perhaps it is an outgrowth of our faith that every

human being willing to listen is entitled to the never failing guidance of the voice of inspiration.

"Some deplore the fact that so many in all walks of life are trying to write and cannot be dissuaded. I am glad to see

them try. The fact that there can never be a cash market for

discourage needonetenth them. of the not output

the of selling. thought too much "We stress We are too 4/

prone to rate quality by sales. We should come more to

look on writing as a game like golf. We should build up

a regard for amateur standing, and let professionalism take care of itself.

"If we can believe the technologists, the time is close at hand when we will have leisure to write for the love of writing, and will not need any return in money.

"In the meantime the beginner should not let rejection slips y i y discourage him. Neither should he be turned from his course

too easily by criticism. If he will still go on practising,

searching for the right word, criticising, perfecting his style, there will come to him a deep satisfaction worth more than money, as he brings to life an occasional phrase, paragraph or page that something deep down in his heart tells him glows with a trace of divine fire. Out of the ashes of today's seem- B

ing failure may some day blossom for him as beautiful flower;

of expression as ever gladdened the printed page. \

"Sincerely yours, "Will Dobson."

i i i "psEAR Editor:

-J-""I do wish that you people would get posted on the;J

pictures and stories you print about dry farming,"says M.||

S. Atkinson, of Holbrook, Idaho. "I haven't been so dis.if

gusted in a long time as I am at present having just finished reading "Out of the Dust,"by Dorothy C. Robinson. Where

Here is a TwoDollar Investment

That Pays a Monthly Dividend A Subscription to the Improvement Era

"I need it (The Improvement Era),"said James it is not an unusual thing to find single articles worth

Duckworth, President of the Blackfoot Stake, "and the price of the magazine for the whole year."

A Partial List of What You Receive

Here is approximately the dividend that a two dollar investment will bring monthly to the subscriber:

A beautiful cover, a reproduction of a painting by a living Utah artist, ten articles by that many writers of the Church including the First Presidency and the Members of the Quorum of the Twelve, three short stories, from ten to fifteen poems, fifteen to twenty illustrations and photographs, messages from the General Executives and General Boards of the M. I. A., a page of

instruction and comment from the Church Music Committee, the Ward

Teachers'Message, and messages from the Melchizedek and

Aaronic Priesthood committees of the Church.

Multiply all of these by 12 and You Will Have

What a Year's Subscription Will Bring To You.

Many have voiced their appreciation almost in the words of Mrs. Frank Hilgers, Butte, Montana: "It is surely a wonderful magazine, and truly a magazine for every member of the family. I would

certainly hate to miss even one issue."

Call Your Ward Agent Now and Place Your Subscription Or Send It

Direct to The Improvement Era, 50 North Main Street. Salt Lake City, Utah.

ONE OF AMERICA'S FINEST LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES

I /T TgRg is a Lifc Insurance Comit possesses JL 1 pany unique, for attributes o f superiority that distinctly set it apart.

"The pages of its history are bright with notable achievement and constructive growth. It has a glamorous

record few life insurance companies have attained.

'The Beneficial Life last year, in dealing with its members, had a record that is beyond compare.

"You won't find another life insurance company in our nation with such an unselfish touch as this reveals, based on sound business acumen and bulwarked by strictest financial computations to strengthen and insure 3#2j|{2gw

Jf Is your dependable operation and growth/'

Excerpts from an article by Cyrus K. Drew, Editor—

"The Western Underwriter"June, 1934

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY

Directors HEBER J. GRANT

A. W. IVINS

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

GEO. J. CANNON

E. T. RALPHS

JOS. F. SMITH

B. F. GRANT

DAVID O. MCKAY

A. B. C. OHLSON

UCRCD i (I DA NIT DDCCInrMT