eF 3,3 YUU|lU ACADEMY, poUR YERflS UfllVEKSITY GOUHSES:

In Ittehanial, Mining and EUetfieal Engineering.

is Intelligence. No. 12. Vol. IV. The Glory of God

PS IMPROVEMENT PT1 ERA. P* C/>

Organ of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

F. ) Business Smith, ) Joseph J. Grant,

i j >,,..wuo HeberThos. Hdli., Managers. Anderson, Edw. H.

OCTOBER. 1901.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Portrait of Governor Alfred Cumming Frontispiece

The Sketches—AcknowledgmentsGovernors of Utah—Close of the 881'

: Worry as a SuccessKiller Success 882

Letter to the Queen of England Elder Parley P. Pratt 883

What Prophecy Asserts, History Affirms.. JSephi L. Morris 895'

Mercy. A Poem Merchant of Venice 900'

What Shall We Read? Apostle Matthias F. Cowley 901 o My Work. A Poem 904

The Story of "Mormonism"V Dr. James E. Talmage 905

Science and Religion Samuel W. Richards 912 *0 Preliminary Program Selections—oito Ode to God Derzhavin 913

Cotter's Saturday Night Robert From the Burns 916

Little Field Eugene Blue Boy 918 mw

Humble Confessions 7. Louisa L. Greene Richards 919 o

Some Leading Events in the Current Story D 8> of the World—Assassination of President McKinley—The Steel Strike—Turkey's Troubles—The New Japan Dr. J. M. Tanner 922

Predestination, Foreordination, Election and Free Agency Joseph E. Taylor 931

& "Keeping the Harness on"Elder Henry W. Naisbitt 939 Editor's Table—

Meaning of the Word of Wisdom President Joseph F. Smith 943

President William McKinley 948 o

Withdrawals from the Church 949

Close of Volume IV 950 o Notes 951 *t In Lighter Mood 952 Our Work—Getting Started Right—SacredHa ness of the Name of God 953

Events of the Month Thomas Hull 956 9Q cr SALT LAKE CITY:

214 and 215 TEMPLETON BLDG.

Published JWonthly. $2.. peir Annum..

in the State. fOUR YEARS {lIGJl SCflOOIi COURSES,. student's Expenses Lowest

6BND FOR CRTRLOG, The Best Company is the Company =THB that does the Most Good, j* jt j*

STATE THE MUTUAL LIFE OF NEW YORK of UTflHHas Paid to its Policy Holders over

Heber J. Grant, Prest.

William B. Preston, Vice -Prest.

Heber M. Wells, Cashier.

Chas. S. Bpbton, Asst. Cashier. $515,000,000.

DIRECTORS: Heber J. Grant, Chas. S. Burton,

William B. Preston, PhtloT.Farnswortb.

For Particulars Apply to m—\ Joseph F. Smith, Heber M. Wells,

A. W. Carlson, Isaac Barton,

Byron Groo.

RULON S. WELLS,

ACCOUNTS SOLICITED and MANAGING AGENT, CORRESPONDENCE INVITED.

5-10 Commercial Block, Salt Lake City, Utah. Drafts Drawn on All Parts of the World.

A BIG SUIT SPECIAL

A GENUINE SNAP Ifaep |Honey at flome A BARGAIN. All of our mall

order prices are bargains, but t"hls Is something extra, a little out of the ordinary,, bought In the piece and made up espeBy Insuring cially for our trade for spring, summer and fall wear. in the THE CLOTH is a double and

twist, mixed gray and brown, woven In halfInch diagonal pattern,forming a slight stripe, very pretty and dressy; will

9.25 worth 15. not show dust; Is all wool and warranted to wear until you

are more than satisfied. ONLY $9.25. THE STYLE. It comes in round cut sack

style single breasted vest, coat lined with ahigh grade of Farmer's satin; inside pockets HOME

silk stitched; buttonholes silk worked, etc.

Everything about the suit stamps it as of high quality and better than can be had elsewhere for much more money.

SEND ONE DOLLAR and your expressoffice address and we will send the suit to FIRE

Vou; you have full privilege of examination

before you pay another cent. If you are satisfied and find everything as represented,

pay the express agent $8.25 and expresscharges in addition to the $1.00 you sent with OF

your order, and keep the bargain.

SIZES. You will get your size without difficulty. Send breast nieasure for the coat and UTAH

veSt also size of coat usually worn, and waist andlnseam for the pants. Remember this

Stilt least at worth is only $9.25, Heber J. Grant & Go., of the be had Samples cloth may$15.00.

on application. te3@i GENERAL AGENTS.

WEST'S MAIL ORDER HOUSE, 2026 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. Offices 205206 Witiingham Block,

(WHEN WKITIKG TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTIOJ. THE BBA.)

flflD IJlttESTOflS.TO HOPSEEKEftS

w 3 $&* ir* SOUTHEASTERN IDAHO is a great new field for GENERAL, FARMING and for the development of INDUSTRIAL ENTERPRISES.

The Great Snake River Valley can support a million people and SouthEastern

Idaho has sufficient land and a NEVER FAILING WATER SUPPLY to accommodate twice the number now in the entire State, just reported in the census returns at 161,771.

YOU WILL FIND HERE:

The Best Water Supply for Irrigation. Cooperative Canals—Low Charges. The

Best Soil, Producing: Great Crops. A Great New Field for Sugar Beets. Cheap Lumber, Fuel and Water Power. Fine Hunting and Fishing. Great Mines. Splendid

Grazing and Feeding Grounds. A favorable Climate. Good Schools. Splendid

Markets and Transportation. Conservative but Enterprising People. You cannot

find such a combination of resources and attractions in any other district in the west.

Ask Us for General Information and for a List of Lands and City Property

For Sale in the GREAT SNAKE RIVER VALLEY.

CO., THE IDAHO COLONY WAflTIiRflD, WIIiUS & SHEltTOfl, General Agents.

1025 17th Street, Denver, Colorado. 15 West Second South Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Agencies in Focatello, Blackfoot, Idaho Falls, [Rexburg and St. Antony, IdahoNovember 1st, 1900.

G(M)P.FWmJHEGO.

31 to 35 IHain Street, SALT LAKB OITY, UTAH

Are headquarters for Fine

Furniture, Carpets, Aft Squares

and Rugs. Star Estate Steel

Ranges, Heaters, etc We are the sole agents for the onlysensible dust shields. BICYCLES.

You get from us just what Everything in Sporting Goods. you buy* We make no substitutes. BASE BALLS, CAMERAS,

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES, Etc.

CO., WM. N. WILLIAMS, Superintent. WESTERN ARMS & SPORTING GOODS

O. H. PETTIT, Treasurer. 115 South Main Street

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE ERA.)

WEBER WflGOflS BARGAINBLACK CLAYSUIT HI Who ever heard of a suit of clothes selling at such a ridiculous figure as $4.75, that is,

we mean, a good suit; a fine

weave "BLACK CLAY,"only $4.75! If you recognize a bargain when you see it, yori

would thoroughly appreciate this magnificent offtr.

A SUIT MADE FOR!

..ofl wih WEAR.-it HARD weil. but it will oaly Wear hold

the color well; that is mora

than can be said of many suits] at a much higher price.

WORKMANSHIP.-Mand

HMD suitster tailoringthat sellthanfor asis representedhign as $20 navein thisno suit.betThat is a characteristic of our goods, that the

tailoring is good, regardless of the price.

thoroughly well Here is a suit at $4.75,

to fit. Guaranteed OB SLEDS made. KINO OF Alili. $1 as a guarORDER.—Send TO HOW est taitn, express] and your neai antee of good

ofHce address, and we will send you the suit.

You may examine it without paying another cent. It you find it all we represent it—well

worth more than we ask, pay the express agent the advertised price, less the $1 you sent with your order, and keep it.

ORDER AT ONCE, and send your breast 100PERAT1YE WA60N & MACHINE CO., measureand inseamfor forcoattheandpants;vest;alsowaistsendmeasuresize of

coat usually worn. We send samples of all

Exclusiv ftgents in Utah of our goods on application.

for above lines.

WEST'S MAIL ORDER HOUSE.

CEO. T. ODELL, General Manager. Of Ices 205206 Wittlngham Block. Salt Late City

Do not forget our ONLY HOUSE is at

OGDEN, Utah.

we Can Save you Mneyi We Can Save You T?m$r

On anything you want in the line of Guns, Ammunition, Fishing

Tackle, Pistols, Baseball Goods, Boxing Gloves, Athletic

Goods, Tents, in fact all kinds of Shooting, Fishing, Camping and Sporting Goods. Also Kodak and Photographic Supplies.

Servd for our New Catalogue of n-

WHOLESALE PRICES.

it is EREE to all.

We have consolidated our entire business at Ogden, which has always been our headquarters, where we have the largest line of Sporting Goods of any house in the west. Get our prices.

BROWNING BROS.,

2461 Washington Avenue, Ogden, Utah (WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PUJASE MENTION THE ERA.)

ftv \W CHAMPION—x***?-*

Six -Roller Harvesters and Binders.

FARM AND FREIGHT Light Folding Reapers,

Combined Reapers and Mowers, and Draw Cut Mowers,WAGONS CONSTITUTES THE HW JVIost Complete Iiine of JHaehinevy

Cairvied in the State.

Sold exclusively by the Cooperative Wagon & fV The Success we have experienced Machine Co., in Utah

in the Sale of These Machines has been and Idaho. Phenomena/.

A Celebrated Case. The Best Iiine

-OfThere is only*one Threshing outfit made that gives Entire STEEL PLOWS

Satisfaction.

During 1897 and 1898 there were sold in Utah and Idaho HARROWS more Case outfits than all others combined. IISC THE WORLD

.. Is Made by..

JOHN DEERE & CO., J. I. CASE T. M. CO.,

-Racine, Wis. MOLINE, ILL.

GO.,GOOPEHflTIVE OtflGOJl & PCJUJE

EXCLUSIVE AGENTS IN UTAH AND IDAHO FOR ALL ABOVE <4 LINES.i>o

HEBER J. GRANT, President. JOSEPH F. SHITH, VicePrest.

Melvin D. WELLS,CEO. T. ODELL,

General Manager. Secretary and Treasurer.

(when writing to advertisers please mention the era.)

I.M. A. W2*Iel

Are Doubly Equipped, Having < J* Business Education A With it they can earn enough in six days so that they need not work on

SUNDAY.

Ten students from the SALT LAKE

BUSINESS COLLEGE get employment where one from all its competitors combined is so fortunate. The

school occupies the entire top floor of the bank building shown in the cut

SEND below.FOR CATALOG; IX IS FREE.

SALT LAKE BUSINESS COLLEGE,

- TEMPLETON, (IKVuiKlJ 5ALT LAKE CITY

JOSEPH NELSON, President, WILLIAM JOHNSTON, Secretary

SAYE YODR MONEY, AND WHEN Y00 GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COfiPANY.

officersLorenzo Snow President Joseph F. Smith,

VicePresident.

George M. Cannon,

Cashier.

Lewis M. Cannon,

Asst. Cashier.

DIRECTORS.

T. G. Webber

James Jack Anthon H. Lund

John T. Caine

Angus J. Cannon

Angus M. Cannon

Francis M. Lyman

George Reynolds L. John Nuttall

A. O. Woodruff

George M. Cannon

(when writing to advertisers PLEASE mention the ERA.)

I ANNOUNCEMENT. m

Improvement Era,

Volume V. 19011902.

ITH the November number, 1901, the Improvement Era, organ of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations of the

Latterday Saints, makes its fifth annual bow to the public, cheered by a greater host of friends than ever before. You are

asked to join the increasing numbers.

OWNERSHIP AND CONTROL OF THE ERA.

The subscribers own the magazine; the general superintendency and board of officers of Y. M. M. I. A. control it; it has no

capital; it was started and has been loyally supported by members

of the M. I. A.; it is no moneymaking scheme; all the profits go

to the betterment of the magazine, or are spent in the interest of the great organization which it represents. You can help in this

work by becoming a subscriber, and besides will obtain full value for your two dollars by enjoying the best products of home authors ior a year.

FREE TO MISSIONARIES.

As in the past, the Era will be sent free of charge to all the missionaries of

The Church in America and in foreign missions. It is a delight to read the

hundreds of unsolicited testimonials that constantly come, bearing witness to the help it gives to the struggling missionary in the field. It has made many friends

for him, and been the means of bringing him in contact with many strangers to the mighty Latterday work which he represents. Here again you help a good

cause by paying two dollars for a year's subscription, while the contents for last year or the new attractions for Vol. V is a guarantee that you will besides get full

value for your money in the magazine itself.

ITS AIM AND PURPOSE.

The primary aim of the Era is to instill into the hearts of the young people a testimony of the truth and magnitude of the Gospel and the work of God; and,

like the associations which it represents, "to aid them in developing the gifts within them, and in cultivating a knowledge and an application of the eternal principles of the great science of life."It aims, beside to educate and interest its

readers in history, biography, current events, and the building of noble character, aud pointing the young to the way of true success. As the organ of the Y. M. M.

I. A. it promulgates the official instructions of the leaders of this great organization, making it indispensable to every officer therein.

SOME SPECIAL FEATURES OF VOLUME FIVE.

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH, BY HIS MOTHER, LUCY SMITH.

An authentic, revised and corrected copy of this rare work, written in Nauvoo, in 1845, and first printed by Orson Pratt in 1S53, but later suppressed because of certain historical inaccuracies, will be printed as a serial in twelve numbers. The

work as it will now appear was revised by Elders George A. Smith and Elias

Smith, under the direction and to the satisfaction of President Brigham Young, and its publication is sanctioned by President Lorenzo Snow. It will contain an

explanatory preface by President Joseph F. Smith. The book has a simple and

attractive style, and contains many very interesting items concerning the Prophet

Joseph Smith and his family found in no other writings. It will be exceedingly

attractive reading to the young people.

BIOGRAPHY OF BISHOP EDWARD HUNTER.

A portrait of this great Church leader, with an authentic narrative of his life, written by his son, Oscar F. Hunter, as well as a pen picture of him by Elder John

Nicholson, wili be given during the year.

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY.

Since the first lessons in the Manual treat of God, a timely article on Ihis subject under the title, "The 'Mormon'Doctrine of Deity,"will be presented from the pen of Elder B. H. Roberts, to be followed by other doctrinal subjects by the

same writer.

"THE CASTLE BUILDERS."

A touching new storv of the life, from childhood to manand womanhood, of two converts to "Mormonism,"containing some reasons why they joined the "Mormons,"the whole interwoven with a fascinating tale of love aud sacrifice, also beautiful descriptions of natural scenes and incidents of everyday life in

Norway, will appear as a serial in twelve chapters, written by Nephi Anderson, author of "Added Upon,""Marcus King, Mormon,"etc.

REGULAR DEPARTMENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS.

"Leading Events of the Month."by Dr. J. M. Tanner; "Popular Science

Paptrs,"by Dr. John A. Widtsoe; "Essays"(on historical, doctrinal, religious,

social, literary, and scientific themes), "Editor's Table,""Questions and Answers,"and "Our Work,"are regular departments that will, as heretofore.be sustained by

the contributions of a large corps of able writers. Following is a partial list of

authors who have heretofore wntten for the Era, and who will continue to contribute to its pages:

Dr. J M. Tanner David H. Elton A. W. Ivins

Hon. B H. Roberts S W. Richards George Reynolds

Dr. James E. Talmage Mathonihah Thomas Prof. Richard R. Lyman

Orson F. Whitney Major Richard W. Young Attewall Woottou

Prof. John A. Widlsoe Apostle Matthias F. Cowley Henry W. Naisbitt

Prof. N. L. Nelson Prof. Willard Done Nephi Anderson

John Nicholson Nephi L. Morris Prof. Mosiah Hall

Apostle Heber J. Grant John V. Bluth Prof. Levi Edgar Young

Apostle A. O. Woodruff W. W. Cluff J. M. Sjodahl

Dr. Geo. H. Brimhall C. W. Penrose James H. Anderson

Apostle Francis M. Lyman Joseph W. McMurrin Apostle Anthon H. Lund

Thomas Hull Sara Whalen Lydia D. Alder

Prof Jos. F. Merrill J. H. Ward Christian A. Madsen

Andrew Jenson Dr Seymour B. Young Prof. Briant S. Hinckley

Sarah E. Pearson W. H Chamberlin Dr. M. H. Hardy

Edwin F. Parry Junius F. Wells John Sundwall Ph. D.

L. L. Greene Richards Ben E. Rich Geo. M. Cannon

Sophy Valentine Joseph E. Taylor Wm. A. Hyde

Prof. Wm. H. Jones Bertha E. Anderson John H. Evans

Geo. W. Crocheron

TO THE OFFICERS OF M. I. A.

We ask you to continue loyal to our magazine, by subscribing and by each of you securing one other subscriber. Every president is an agent. He should

appoint one of his aids to look carefully after the interests of the Era, and see that the ward is thoroughly, early and immediately canvassed. A stake aid to

the superintendent should be appointed to supervise the canvass for the Era, and otherwise look after its welfare in the stake.

THE MANUAL.

The new Manual, 1901-2, will be sent free to everv subscriber of the Era who pays $2.00 for volume five. This is a book of one hundred and twentyeight pages,

being a careful exposition and classification of some of the fundamental principles of the Gospel, including a treatise on "The Godhead,"the "Plan of Salvation,""Faith,""Repentance,"and "Baptism by Water and the Holy Ghost."It contains also preliminary programs and suggestions thereon, as well as outlines and

review questions for each lesson as presented in the Y. M. M. I. A. Every member should have a copy. Price separate from the Era, 25 cents.

TERMS AND GUARANTEE.

The Era has behind it four years of fulfilled promises. It is prompt in publication. We promise subscribers and advertisers alike that all pledges will be

kept as faithfully for Volume V. The Era will be issued promptly on the first of

each month; it will be sent only to subscribers paying in advance. We do a cash

business. The price of the magazine is $2.00, including the Manual, strictly in

advance; though on application from subscribers who have been with us from the

first, the magazine will be sent to them without interruption upon receipt of such a request from them, with promise to pav within the month.

OFFICERS.

Lorenzo Snow, General Superintendent.

Joseph F. Smith,.

Heber J. Grant, > Assistants.

B. H. Roberts,

Thomas Hull, Secretary and Treasurer.

Evan Stephens, Music Director.

Horace S. Ensign, Asst. Music Director.

AIDS.

Francis M. Lyman Rodney C. Badger Frank Y. Taylor

John Henry Smith Geo. H. Brimhall Rudger Clawson

Matthias F. Cowley Edw. H. Anderson Rulon S. Wells

Abraham O Woodruff Douglas M. Todd Jos. W. McMurrin

J. Golden Kimball Nephi L. Morris Reed Smoot

Junius F. Wells Willard Done Briant S. Hinckley

Milton H. Hardy Le Roi C. Snow Moses W. Taylor

B. F. Grant Henry S. Tanner

Edited by Joseph F. Smith and Edward H. Anderson.

Business Management by Heber J. Grant and Thomas Hull, Salt Lake

City, Utah.

GOVERNOR ALFRED CUMMING

18581861

Vol. IV. OCTOBER, 1901. No 12.

THE GOVERNORS OF UTAH.

CLOSE OF THE SKETCHES—ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.

Our sketches of the fourteen territorial governors of Utah are now ended. In this number is presented the likeness of Hon.

Alfred Cumming, the second governor, whose brief biography appeared in number two of this volume, but whose portrait could not be obtained at that time.

All but two portraits, those of Governors Harding and Vaughn, have been printed, making the first collection of these officers ever attempted. The Era expects to obtain the missing ones, so that

the collection may be made complete.

For information enabling it to secure this portrait of Utah's second executive, the Era is indebted to Governor A. D. Candler,

of Atlanta, and Major Joseph B. Cumming, of Augusta, Georgia.

It was taken by Mr. H. C. Hall, photographer, Augusta, Georgia,

from an enlarged picture in the city council chamber of that city, of which Governor Cumming was mayor when quite a young man.

In connection with securing other information and portraits for this series, the Era also acknowledges the valuable assistance 882 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of Mrs. Charles Durkee and Ellen Alexander of Kenosha, Wisconsin; Hon. George W. Emery, Sea View, Massachusetts; Hon. Caleb

W. West, Niagara Falls, New York; D. S. Murray, Esq., Hon. Arthur L. Thomas, Governor Heber M. Wells, Hon. Junius F. Wells,

Salt Lake City; and the Johnson Company and Fox and Symons,

photographers, Salt Lake City.

The sketch and portrait of the first state governor, Hon.

Heber M. Wells, will appear in November.

WORRY AS A SUCCESSKILLER.

Perhaps there is nothing else so utterly foolish and unprofitable as a habit of worrying. It saps the nervous energy and robs

us of the strength and vitality necessary for the real work of life.

It makes existence a burden and weariness, instead of a perpetual joy and blessing, as it should be. Poise and serenity are necessary

to the complete development of character and true success. The

man who worries is never selfcentered, never perfectly balanced, never at his best; for every moment of mental anxiety takes away

vitality and push, and robs him of manhood and power.

Worrying indicates a lack of confidence in our strength; it

shows that we are unbalanced, that we do not lay hold of the universal energy which leaves no doubt, no uncertainty. The

man who does not worry, who believes in himself, touches the wires of infinite power. Never doubting, never hesitating, he is

constantly reinforced from the Omnipotence that creates planets and suns.

The habit of worry is largely a physical infirmity; it is an

evidence of lack of harmony in the mental system. The wellpoised soul, the selfcentered man, never wabbles or hesitates.

The infinite balance wheel preserves him from all shocks, and all accident or uncertainty.

Enough vital energy has been wasted in useless worry to run all the affairs of the world. Success.

LETTER TO THE QUEEN OF ENGLAND.

TOUCHING THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES AND THE POLITICAL

DESTINY OF THE WORLD.

BY ELDER PARLEY P. PRATT.

[The following letter was written by Elder Parley P. Pratt while on

his first mission to Great Britain, and presented as a message to Queen

Victoria. As far as we are able to learn, it was afterwards printed in

pamphlet form, in a limited edition. Doubtless one of these pamphlets

came into the possession of Elder Richard Ballantyne, who, thirteen years after its first publication, reprinted the letter in the July, 1854, number of The Latterday Saints'Millennial Star and Monthly Visitor, an eightpage magazine, of which he was founder and editor, and which was then issued as the organ of The Church in Madras, India, of which

Elder Ballantyne was the presiding elder. The Star and Visitor was

published in four numbers, April, May, June and July, 1854. These

numbers were bound thereafter with five other tracts, also issued by him, the whole making a pamphlet of seventyfour pages, circulated by the missionaries among the people of Madras. One of these rare pamphlets, greatly dilapidated, fell into the hands of Elder Robert Sherwood

when on his mission to England in 1900. It was in the home of Elder

"William Maytom of London, who had purchased it at a book stall. The

letter of Elder Pratt was copied from the Star and Visitor by Elder

Sherwood, who, returning to Utah, submitted his copy to Elder John

Nicholson, to whom, by the by, the editors of the Era are greatly indebted for many good writings, ideas and suggestions. He considered it

of much interest at the present time—because of the recent death of

the Queen, its splendid doctrinal contents, its age, (it being about the sixtieth anniversary of its writing,) and because of its being a product of one of the most famous early writers of The Church—and so suggested that it be submitted to the Era for publication.

884 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

In order to be absolutely certain of its authenticity, the editors wrote to President George Q. Morris of the London Conference, requesting him to obtain, if possible, the old pamphlet from Elder Maytom, and

forward it to the Era. The owner readily consented, and through the

courtesy of these brethren and Elder D. W. Parratt of Salt Lake City,

it has been received, and the copied letter carefully compared with the printed page and found correct.

We take great pleasure in presenting the rare document to our readers, feeling sure they will enjoy its perusal. Any reader of the

works of Parley P. Pratt will readily recognize the style as that of the

famous author of the "Voice of Warning."—Editors.]

To Her Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, Sovereign of Britain:

It has fallen to the lot of your Majesty not only to live in a most eventful period of the world, but to occupy a station the most conspicuous of that of any individual of the present age.

It has pleased the Almighty disposer of events, who governs and rules among the kingdoms of the earth, to raise your Majesty, while in the morning of life, to a throne of power, at the head of an empire, which, in many respects, stands foremost among the nations and kingdoms of the world. It is with feelings of that

profound respect which is justly due to so high an office that I offer this address. The importance of the subject and the obligation which I am under to the Gcd whom I serve, and to the people

of the age in which I live, are the only apologies which I offer for thus intruding upcn the attention of your Majesty.

Know assuredly that the world in which we live is on the eve of a revolution, more wonderful in its beginning—more rapid in

powerful in itsits progress—more operations—more extensive in

lasting in itsits effects—more influence—and more important in

its consequences, than any which man has yet witnessed upon the earth; a revolution in which all the inhabitants of the earth are

vitally interested, both religiously and politically, temporally and spiritually; one on which the fate of all nations is suspended, and

upon which the future destiny of all the affairs of the earth is made to depend. Nay, the angels have desired to look into it, and heaven

itself has waited with longing expectation for its consummation.

I will now proceed to show from the scriptures, first, what

LETTER TO THE QUEEN OF ENGLAND. 885

this revolution that the present is the time of its fulis—second,

fillment.

The first great and universal monarchy after the deluge was the kingdom of Babel, or Babylon. This was founded by Nimrod,

on the plains of Euphrates, and continued to strengthen itself until the time of Nebuchadnezzar, whom the Lord raised up to be his servant, to execute his vengeance upon the nations. By a

series of the most striking prophetic declarations of Jeremiah the prophet and others, and their no less striking fulfillment, this monarch marched forth, conquering and to conquer, till Tyre,

Egypt, and Judea, and all the surrounding nations were subdued and brought into captivity for seventy years. This was so extensive, that Daniel the prophet exclaimed to the king of Babylon:

"The God of heaven hath given thee a kingdom, power, strength, and glory. And wheresoever the children of men dwell, the beasts

of the fields and the fowls of the heaven, hath he given into thine hand, and hath made thee ruler over them all."

This monarch standing at the head of nations, and swaying his scepter over all the kingdoms of the world, was the favored instrument to whom the Almighty made known his purposes touching the government of the world in all succeeding ages. While

resting upon his bed in the deep silence of midnight, when the busy world was lost in slumbers, and wearied nature hushed to silence and repose, an anxious inquiry arose in his mind in regard to the things which should "come to pass hereafter."His mind roamed

down through the dark vista of future and distant periods, and would fain have understood and contemplated the events of the "latter day."Thus lo3t in contemplation, and overwhelmed in deep

sleep, his mind was suddenly caught from the subject of his meditation, and the visions of heaven were opened to his view. A great

image stood before him. His head was of fine gold, his breast and

arms of silver, his belly and thighs of brass, his legs of iron, and his feet and toes part of iron and part of clay. He beheld till a

stone was cut out of the mountain without hands which smote the image upon the toes; then was the whole image broken to pieces

and became like the chaff of the summer threshing floors, and the winds blew it away: but the stone became a great mountain, and

filled the whole earth.

886 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

When the king awoke from this vision he sent for his wise menr but none of them could unfold unto him his dream and the meaning thereof, till Daniel was forthcoming with this striking declaration, "There is a God in heaven that revealeth secrets."This man

of God then proceeded to tell the dream and the interpretation thereof. The head of gold represented Nebuchadnezzar and the

kingdoms over which he reigned; the breast and arms of silver

represented the Medes and Persians, who next succeeded in the gov ernment of the world; the belly and thighs of brass, represented

the empire of Alexander and his successors—this being the next

legs of iron represented the Roman empire,in succession—the

which was the fourth great monarchy of the world; and the feet

and toes part of iron and part of clay, represented the dissolution of the Roman empire and its subdivision into the kingdoms of modern Europe, as they now exist in their divided state partly

Roman and partly Protestant, and not cleaving one to another, even as iron and clay will not adhere or unite in mutual strength.

Of course, then, the government of England is one of the toes of this image.

Now, in the days of these kings (or kingdoms) represented by the feet and toes, the God of heaven should set up a kingdom which should not be left to other people but should break in pieces all these kingdoms and stand for ever, as represented by the little stone.

This is the interpretation which the God of heaven himself gave to Daniel, and which Daniel has given in the scriptures; and

England has given the scriptures to the world, thus actually revealing to the world, its destiny and her own.

But before we proceed further, we shall go back and take another view of the same subject, as revealed to Daniel on another occasion and under a different figure. He saw, (Daniel 7,) these

same four kingdoms, viz., the Babylonians, Medes and Persians,

Greeks and Romans, rise and reign in succession under the figure of four beasts. Out of the fourth beast he saw, under the figure

of ten horns, ten kingdoms arise, which are the same that the feet and toes represented, viz.: the kingdoms of modern Europe. And

he beheld till the thrones were cast down, and the Ancient of Days did sit, and judgment was given to the saints, and the time came

LETTER TO THE QUEEN OF ENGLAND. 837

that the saints possessed the kingdom. Again he said, "The

saints of the Most High shall take the kingdom and possess the kingdom forever, even forever and ever."

Again, the kingdom and dominion, and the greatness of the kingdom under the whole heaven, shall be given to the people of the saints of the Most High, whose kingdom is an everlasting kingdom and all dominions shall serve and obey him.

Again he says, "I saw in the night visions, and, behold, one like the Son of man came with the clouds of heaven, and came to the Ancient of Days and they brought him near before him. And

there was given him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages should serve him; his dominion is

an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed."The kingdom so often

spoken of in this seventh chapter of Daniel, is evidently the same that is represented by the stone which smote the image, as recorded in the second chapter.

From this it appears that this new kingdom will be established over the whole earth to the destruction of all other kingdoms, by nothing less than the personal advent of the Messiah in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory, but preceded by a personage called the "Ancient of Days."The fourteenth chapter of Zechariah confirms this testimony by predicting that the Lord will stand

with his feet on the Mount of Olives; that he shall come and all

the saints with him, and that in that day there shall be one Lord, and his name one, and he shall be king over all the earth.

The revelation of John bears the same testimony, saying, "The kingdoms of this world shall become the kingdoms of our

God and his Christ."

There are many other scripture illustrations of the same subject, which would be extremely interesting to your Majesty and to the world, but these must suffice.

From all these facts so clearly set forth in the scriptures, I feel warranted in saying that, as sure as all these events have succeeded each other from the days of Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, until the days of Victoria I, on the throne of Great Britain, so sure will that portion be fulfilled which is yet future, and which relates to the casting down of thrones, the termination of the political 888 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and religious establishments of the earth, and the setting up of a new and universal kingdom, under the immediate administration of the Messiah and his saints.

Connected with the ushering in of this new era will be the restoration of Judah and Israel from their long dispersion. They

will come home to their own land, and rebuild Jerusalem and the cities of Judea, and rear up the temple of their God. This city

will be the seat of empire for the eastern world and all the surrounding nations for the next thousand years, at least. (See Zechariah 14.)

This restoration will take place by a series of miracles, signs, wonders, revelations, judgments, etc., which will far exceed the

dispensation of Moses and the deliverance of Israel from Egyptian bondage. (Jeremiah 16; Ezekiel 20; Isaiah'11; Ezekiel 36 to 39

inclusive.) With this revolution will be connected the resurrection of the saints that have slept. (See Daniel 12, 2; Job 19, 25,

27, 29; Revelation 20.)

A physical change also awaits the earth at this time. The

mountains will be thrown down, the valleys exalted, the rough places will become smooth and the crooked places straight, the barren deserts fruitful, and the parched ground well watered, and even the beasts of prey will be wrought upon by the Spirit of God, will lose their thirst for blood, and become perfectly harmless, feeding only upon vegetable food.

Isaiah and others have written upon all these things so extensively that it would be needless for me to give the quotations.

Connected with this restoration will be judgments and signs in heaven above and earth beneath, which will distress the nations by famine, pestilence, sword, tempests, hail, earthquakes, floods, and whirlwinds, which will finally terminate in a fire, as fatal to all the proud and them that do wickedly, as the flood in the days of Noah and the fire that fell upon Sodom.

Then, as Noah was a survivor of a world destroyed, and himself and family the sole proprietors of the earth, so will the saints of the Most High possess the earth and its whole dominion, and tread upon the ashes of the wicked. (See Isaiah 24: 1-6; Malachi

4; Luke 21, 25 to 36; Joel 2.)

Having laid before your Majesty a faint description of that

LETTER TO THE QUEEN OF ENGLAND. 889

great revolution which awaits the world, I now come to the second part of my subject, viz: The time of its fulfillment.

The apostles were in expectation of its immediate fulfillment, while Jesus was yet with them, until he taught them better. They

inquired of him, saying, "Wilt thou at this time restore again the kingdom of Israel?"But he answered them, saying, "It is not for

you to know the times and seasons which the Father hath put in his own power."As much as to say, that it was no part of their

mission, and was not to be fulfilled in their day. So, being corrected in this thing, the Apostle Peter afterwards informs us,

(Acts 3,) that the heavens must receive Jesus Christ until the times of restoration of all things spoken of by the Lord, by the holy prophets, and that at the times of restitution God would send him again. Jesus himself speaks of this same time when he says,

(Luke 21,) "Jerusalem shall be trodden down of the Gentiles until the time of the Gentiles are fulfilled."

Paul also comes to the same point of time (Romans 11,) "Blindness in part is happened to Israel until the fullness of the

Gentiles is come in."

These texts all have an allusion to one and the same time, viz., the revolution of which we have spoken.

The Lord (Luke 21,) after speaking of the signs of his coming says, "When ye see these things begin to come to pass then know that the kingdom of God is nigh at hand,"and then says that the generation who are witnesses of these signs beginning to come to pass will not pass away till all shall be fulfilled, iucluding his second coming and kingdom.

Now, the kingdom of God here spoken of cannot possibly allude to the kingdom which was set up in the days of the apostles, for that kingdom was already at hand when the Savior predicted these things, and was set up immediately after his resurrection and without the signs, spoken of in the 21st of Luke having come to pass. Therefore, he must have alluded to the kingdom of which

Daniel and others spoke which was to be set up in the days of these kings, as represented by the feet and toes of the image; and it is

well known to your majesty and to all Christendom that these ten kingdoms out of the ruins of the Roman empire did not arise until many hundred years after the days of the apostles.

890 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Let us here enumerate the signs spoken of which are to precede the Messiah's second coming and the setting up of his kingdom, "There shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars, and upon the earth; distress of nations with perplexity

the sea and the waves roaring, men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth, for the powers of heaven shall be shaken, and then shall they see the Son of Man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory."

I beg leave barely to remind your majesty that these signs have for the last ten years been fulfilling in the eyes of all people.

I need not here particularize or point out their fulfillment, for passing events are too notorious to be hidden.

I now beg leave to call the attention of your majesty to an important discovery which has poured a flood of light upon these subjects, and which has actually revealed and demonstrated that the present age is the time of their fulfillment. I allude to the

discovery of an ancient record among the antiquities of America, a copy of the translation of which was lately presented to your

Majesty and another to his Royal Highness, Prince Albert, by Mr.

Brigham Young. The discovery of this record and the things connected with it, as they are now ushering in upon the world, are of

more importance than any single event which has transpired in modern times. The discovery of America by Columbus three hundred years since opened a new era upon the world, and poured a

flood of light upon the nations. They awoke from the slumber of

ages, and gazed with astonishment and wonder. As the first transports of admiration subsided, a spirit of enterprise seized the people,

and a new impulse was given to the minds of men, which has resulted in mighty changes in the scientific, commercial and political departments, and which has mainly contributed in forming all the great outlines of modern character.

But it remained for the nineteenth century to open a treasure of knowledge, and to present to the world a discovery more extensive in its information, more glorious in its intelligence, and of greater magnitude in its final bearing upon men and things, than all the discoveries of Columbus and his contemporaries. I allude

to this ancient American record. By this means the history of the

LETTER TO THE QUEEN OF ENGLAND. 891

past in relation to half the world, has been opened as far back as the confusion of languages at Babel. A nation whose "bones are

dried"and whose ruined temples and monuments have reposed for ages in silent, solemn and awful grandeur, has now spoken from the dust and revealed to the world their history, and with it their prophecies and their testimony of Jesus as the risen Messiah and the Savior of the world, not of Asia only, but of America also.

From this record we learn the astonishing fact that the gospel was revealed among the ancient inhabitants of that continent, and the risen Jesus ministered in person to them, setting in order all the offices and ordinances of his kingdom, and opening all the great outlines of his doctrine, together with a knowledge of the future, down to the time of restoration, of which we have spoken.

By this means we are enabled to come to a knowledge of these points of doctrine and prophecy, and to understand clearly that which has been rendered obscure by coining down to us through the dark ages, robbed of its plainness by priestcraft and superstition, and mingled with the traditions of men.

By this means we are enabled to understand definitely the signs of the times and how and when the prophecies are to be fulfilled in relation to the great revolution so clearly set forth in this letter.

And by this means we understand the fate of the world and the destinyto which the nations are hastening.

This ancient record was discovered in 1827, in Western New

York, in the bowels of the earth, where it had been concealed for fourteen hundred years.

It was there deposited by a holy prophet whose name was

Moroni, in order t } preserve it, at a time when a great nation was overthrown.

It was translated and published in English in 1830. Since

that time it has been a principal means in the hands of God of working a greater revolution among men than was ever known in so short a time. It has given rise to the Church of Christ of Latter-day Saints, which was first organized with six members on the

sixth of April, 1830, but which now numbers many thousands, both in America and Europe.

This church professes to hold to the ancient order of the gospel, as revealed both in the Bible and in this American record.

892 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

They discard infant baptism, as an invention of priestcraft, and hold to the baptism of penitent believers for remission of sins, and to the gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying on of hands in the name of Jesus; and to the gifts of healing, prophecy, miracles, etc.,

as Jesus promised in his word.

The Church of the Saints thus organized upon the ancient order and faith once delivered to the Saints, must grow and flourish, and spread among all nations, and must increase in faith, and power and might and glory, until as a bride adorned for her husband she is prepared for her coming Lord, and for the marriage supper of the Lamb.

Perhaps a few words of one of the prophets as contained in this ancient record, will serve to show what is at hand to be fulfilled, in plainer terms than any modern style of language can express. From the fiftyseventh page of the first book of Nephi,

(Nephi 22, 1125) as contained in this ancient record, I extract the following:

The Lord God will proceed to make bare his arm in the eyes of all the nations, in bringing about his covenants and his gospel, unto those who are of the house of Israel.

Wherefore, he will bring them again out of captivity, and they shall be gathered together to the lands of their inheritance; and they shall be

brought out of obscurity, and out of darkness; and they shall know that

the Lord is their Savior and their Redeemer, the mighty one of Israel.

And the blood of that great and abominable church, which is the whore of all the earth, shall turn upon their own heads; for they shall war

among themselves, and the sword of their own hands shall fall upon their own heads, and they shall be drunken with their own blood. And every

nation shall war against thee, house of Israel, shall be turned one against another, and they shall fall into the pit which they digged to ensnare the people of the Lord. And all that fight against Zion shall be

destroyed, and that great whore, who hath perverted the ways of the

Lord, yea, that great and abominable church shall tumble to the dust, and great shall be the fall of it. For behold, saith the prophet, the time

cometh speedily, that Satan shall have no more power over the hearts of the children of men; for the day soon cometh that all the proud and they

who do wickedly, shall be as stubble; 'and the day cometh that they

must be burned.

For the time soon cometh that the fullness of the wrath of God

LETTER TO THE QUEEN OF ENGLAND. 893

shall be poured out upon all the children of men; for he will not suffer

that the wicked shall destroy the righteous. Wherefore, he will preserve

the righteous by his power, even if it so be that the fullness of his wrath must come, and the righteous be preserved, even unto the destruction of their enemies by fire. Wherefore, the righteous need not fear,

for thus saith the prophet, they shall be saved, even if it so be as by fire. Behold, my brethren, I say unto you, that these things must

shortly come; yea, even blood, and fire, and vapor of smoke must come

and it must needs be upon the face of this earth; and it cometh untc

men according to the flesh, if it so be that they harden their hearts against the Holy One of Israel; for behold, the righteous shall not perish; for the time surely must come, that all who fight against Zion shall

be cut off. And the Lord will surely prepare a way for his people unto

the fulfilling of the words of Moses, which he spake, saying: A prophet

shall the Lord your God raise up unto you, like unto me; him shall ye

hear in all things whatsoever he shall say unto you.

And it shall come to pass that all those who will not hear that prophet, shall be cut off from among the people. And now I, Nephi, declare unto you, that this prophet of whom Moses spake was the Holy

One of Israel: wherefore, he shall execute judgment in righteousness; and

the righteous need not fear, for they are those who shall not be confounded. But it is the kingdom of the devil which shall be built up

among the children of men, which kingdom is established among them which are in the flesh; for the time speedily shall come, that all

churches which are built up to get gain, and all those which are built up to get power over the flesh, and those which are built up to become popular in the eyes of the world, and those who seek the lusts of the flesh and the things of the world, and to do all manner of iniquity; yeai

in fine, all those who belong to the kingdom of the devil, are they who need fear, and tremble, and quake; they are those who must be brought

low in the dust; they are those who must be consumed as stubble; and

this is according to the words of the prophet.

And the time cometh speedily that the righteous must be led up as calves of the stall, and the Holy One of Israel must reign in dominion, and might, and power,and great glory. And he gathereth his children from the

four quarters of the earth; and he numbereth his sheep and they know

him; and there shall be one fold and one shepherd; and he shall feed his

sheep, and in him they shall find pasture.

I have given the above extract from this ancient prophecy, in order that your Majesty and the people of your dominion, may be aware of future events which are nigh even at the door.

894 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

I must close this letter by forewarning the sovereign and people of England in the most affectionate manner, to repent and turn to the Lord with full purpose of heart.

When I say repent, I mean my message for the lords, nobles, clergy and gentry, as well as sovereign and people. Let them deal

their bread to the hungry, their clothing to the naked; let them be

merciful to the poor, the needy, the sick and the afflicted, the widow and the fatherless; let them set the oppressed free, and

break every yoke. In order to be able the more effectually to do

this, let them dispense with their pride, extravagance, their luxury and excesses, for the cries of the poor have ascended to heaven;

their groans and tears have ascended before the Lord; his anger is

kindled and he will not always permit their sufferings to go unnoticed.

In short, let them bring forth fruits meet for repentance, and come and be baptized in the name of Jesus, for the remission of sins, and then shall they receive the Holy Spirit, and become the

Saints of the Most High, the children of light; and signs shall follow them that believe, the sick shall be healed in the name of Jesus;

devils shall be cast out, the deaf shall hear and the dumb shall speak, and the poor shall have the gospel preached unto them.

Now if the rulers, clergy and people of England hearken to this message, they shall have part in this glorious kingdom so clearly set forth in this letter, but if they will not hearken to the words of the prophets and the apostles, they will be overthrown with the wicked, and perish from the earth.

The Lord God of Israel hath sent his angel with this message to the children of men, "to them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, saying with a loud voice, fear God and give glory to him, for the hour of his judgment is come; and worship him that made heaven, and earth,

and the sea, and the fountains of waters."

"With sentiments of profound respect, and with the most anxious desire for the welfare and prosperity of the sovereign and people of England. I have the honor to subscribe myself,

Your Majesty's humble servant,

Parley P. Pratt.

Manchester, May 28, 1841.

WHAT PROPHECY ASSERTS, HISTORY

AFFIRMS.

BY NEPHI L. MORRIS.

From the beginning of their history, the Latterday Saints have held views on various important subjects that have been at striking variance with the commonly accepted views of the world.

This difference of opinion is particularly true in relation to the history of the great American continent. It is therefore interesting to the Latterday Saints to observe the progress which the

world is making toward an agreement on some of the subjects referred to. The world would be very unwilling to admit that it

is making any such advancement, and still less willing would it be to intentionally agree with or confirm those truths which the

Latterday Saints claim have been received from a divine scource.

We give these extracts from editorials in the Salt Lake

Tribune and compare with them the beliefs and declarations of The

Church, as set forth, many years before, in its standard works.

During the recent war with Spain and after the taking of

Manila and the annexing of Hawaii, the powers of Europe were curious to know by what rule or principle of international law the

United States could justify its extension of authority so far out into the Pacific ocean. The Monroe Doctrine was frequently discussed, and upon that subject a remark was made by the London

Daily Mail which brought from the Salt Lake Tribune the following splendid declaration:

"The Monroe Doctrine is a distinct proposition. In substance

it is a declaration that if any power of Europe, by conquest or pur896 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

chase, seeks to build a throne on the soil of the Western continent, we will tumble that throne over and scatter that power. It is not a

contract. It has no clause which says 'so long as we do not venture abroad you must not come here;'it merely gives the world

an ultimatum, and its maintenance from the first has rested solely on our ability to enforce it. If when a sullen and revengeful

power after years of friction and insult, blows up one of our ships and kills some hundreds of our seamen, and we in vindication seize her territory and appropriate it, in what way does that change the status of the Monroe Doctrine? Does it weaken our country's

authority? Is that calculated to cause the Great Republic to look

with more favor upon a proposition to erect another Spain or

Germany or any other European power at our doors? The gates

of our continent are open to foreigners. They can come and appropriate as individuals all they please; but they must bring neither

scepter nor crown with them."—Tribune, August 30, 1898.

This strongly expressed sentiment may be accepted by at least a majority of the citizens of our republic as a true expression of what the Monroe Doctrine means. In other words, it defines

the rigid attitude of the United States towards monarchies and kingdoms so far as their existence in the Western world is concerned. Now read what the Book of Mormon announced centuries

before, relative to kingdoms on this continent:

But behold, this land [the land of America] saith God, shall be a land of their inheritance, and the Gentiles shall be blessed upon the land.

And this land shall be a land of liberty unto the Gentiles, and there shall be no kings upon the land who shall rise up unto the Gentiles. And I

will fortify this land against all other nations; and he that fighteth

against Zion shall perish saith God.

As historical proof of the strength of the sentiment expressed in the Tribune, and as fulfillment of the Book of Mormon prophecy, witness, together with the expulsion of Spain, the almost unbroken line of republics that reach from Cape Horn to Baffin's Bay. Also,

recount the sad story of Dom Pedro II, of Brazil, and the tragic termination of Maximilian's shortlived "Empire of Mexico."

The history of ancient America is shrouded in mystery and speculation. Little is really known except that which is set forth

by the Book of Mormon. However, research and scientific investiWHAT PROPHECY ASSERTS, HISTORY AFFIRMS. 897

gation have brought forth from the dark and hidden past many very interesting facts. In this connection read this very interesting article which appeared in the paper named, only a few months

ago: In the New York Herald of last Sunday is an article by Le Plongeon on the monument of Xochicalco in Mexico, around which gathers a wonderful interest, for Le Plongeon says it is a memorial which signalizes the destruction almost of a world. Here are his words:

The pyramid of Xochicalco, situated at an altitude of 5,395 feet above the level of the sea, to the southsouthwest of the city of Cuernavaca, four and a half miles from the Indian village of Tetlama. is, if not one of the most ancient constructions made by

human hands, at least one of the most important in the history of man among modern civilized Christian and Mohammedan nations. This monument is a record, written on

stone, of the tremendous cataclysm which caused the submergence and destruction of the Land of Mu (Plato's Atlantis), together with its population of 64,000,000 human beings, about 11,500 years ago.

Le Plongeon explains that he a few weeks since received from Mr.

C. V. Collins of the Northwestern Agriculturist several photographs of

ancient monuments in Mexico. Among these were some of the south

side of the pyramid of Xochicalco. Then the story runs on as follows:

For more than a century this pyramid has been visited and written upon by world famed European scientists, such as Alexander Humboldt and in our times Mehedin, member of the French Scientific commission to Mexico; Dr. Seler of Berlin, Dr.

Antonio Penafiel of Mexico and others. Before them a Mexican monk, Father Jose

Antonio Alzate, a learned physicist and astronomer, after visiting the famous ruins, wrote a description of them that was published in Mexico in 1787, and attempted a restoration of the monument; also Captain Dupaix wrote a description of the same by

order of the king of Spain in 1807, (published in Kingsborough's great work, "Mexican

Antiquities,"vol. v, p. 222.]

Strange as it may appear, none of these scientists ever suspected the object the builders had in view when they erected the structure, therefore its great historical and scientific importance remained unknown to them. Humboldt calls it a military fortifi.

cation, and Dupaix seems to have been of the same opinion; but both were unable to

make out the nature of the designs adotningthe edifice. Humboldt sees in them crocodiles throwing water: Dupaix garlands of flowers, fruits, animals and other mysterious

objects; the meaning of the whole he was unable to make out.

A short description taken from the narratives of these two writers, who visited the monument a century ago, may not be out of place.

It is built on an isolated natural hill, 117 metres high, divided into five terraces by the hand of man, so as to form a graduated quadrilaterial pyramid, whose faces front the cardinal points, the orientation being perfect. The sides were faced with walls of

porphyritic stones, hewn perfectly square, forming courses of great regularity, covered with hieroglyphics and painted red.

The base of the pyramid was surrounded by a wide and deep ditch, measuring 4,000 metres (about three miles] in circumference. The ascent to the platform was by a

steep incline and a stairway on the west side of the monument. Said platform was

about 9,000 metres square, and on it were yet to be seen the ruins of a small square building, according to Humboldt. This was surrounded by a dry stone wall, which

according to Dupaix, served as a parapet.

898 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

In the center of the hill are galleries and chambers dug by the hand of man, their entrance being on the north side. There is little doubt that from these were quarried

the stones used in the building of the monument.

This description is certainly the most interesting on account of the many points of resemblance it bears to the hill upon which was situated the palace of the ancient kings and the temple dedicated to Cleito and Poseidon, on the island of Atlantis, according to

Plato's narrative.

But Le Plongeon says the language used is the Maya, and the writing is in part alphabetical, in part syllabic, and in part symbolic, but still easy of interpretation for one who holds the key. Le Plongeon

thinks it astonishing that none of the learned men who have visited the place ever suspected that it was a mausoleum erected to commemorate some great and terrible event. Then the characters are given and their

interpretation, a part of the Maya alphabet is shown. Le Plongeon

shows that one inscription means "destruction,"another symbol is a

Maya word which means "to be reduced to atoms,"another means "earthquake"and "the serpent"which Humboldt mistook for a crocodile ejecting water, and whose undulations Dupaix imagined were a garland of flowers, getting his idea from the Mexican name Xochicalco (the house of flowers) really represented the sea that involved everything within its folds after the earthquake."Thus the full interpretation is "Destruction of the land and its inhabitants in the Atlantic ocean by being

reduced to atoms."

That is a tremendous story, but it is backed by plates, and the reader is referred to Parez's Maya Dictionary for confirmation of the meaning of the symbols.

And what a creepy sensation it awakens. And what about men

and their ambitions and their puny works when out of this sullen stone stares the history of a time when eleven thousand five hundred years ago men were just the same, with their loves and hates and ambitions until the earthquake started on its march and the big sea responded in tidal waves, and in an hour sixtyfour millions of the race were swept to death, men, women, children—all, and when it was over a continent with all its

freight of life and treasure had disappeared and there was not left even "the bubbling cry of some strong swimmer in his agony.""What shadows we

Tribune.are."—Salt Lake

We quote a few verses from the Book of Mormon, page 495.

And it came to pass in the thirty and fourth year, in the first month, in the fourth day of the month, there arose a great storm, such an one as never had been known in all the land; and there was also a great and

terrible tempest; and there was terrible thunder, insomuch, that it did

WHAT PROPHECY ASSERTS, HISTORY AFFIRMS. 899

shake the whole earth as if it was about to divide asunder; and there

were exceeding sharp lightnings such as never had been known in all the land, and the city of Zarahemla did take fire; and the city of Moroni did

sink in the depths of the sea, and the inhabitants thereof were drowned;

and the earth was carried up upon the city of Moronihah, that in the place of the city thereof, there became a great mountain. And there

was a great and terrible destruction in the land southward. [South

America.] But behold, there was a more great and terrible destruction

in the land northward [North America]; for behold, the whole face of

the land was changed, because of the tempest, and the whirlwinds, and the thunderings, and the lightnings, and the exceeding great quaking of the whole earth; and many great and notable cities were sunk, and

many were burned, and many were shook till the buildings thereof had fallen to the earth, and the inhabitants thereof were slain, and the places were left desolate. And thus the face of the whole earth became

deformed; etc., etc. [Read chapters 8 and 9 of III Nephi.]

The Tribune's touching comments are no less applicable to the Book of Mormon narrative, than to the graphic one worked out by Le Plongeon.

Regarding the location of the Garden of Eden, there has been little dispute until within the last few decades. Formerly it was

generally believed by the religious world, as well as by the scientific world, that man made his advent in Asia. Of late years, however, a number of scientists have moved the cradle of humanity

from the valleys of the Euphrates to the American continent; so

that, today, the scientific world may be said to be somewhat divided upon this point of man's history.

A few years ago, an American traveler addressed a letter to the Salt Lake Tribune in which he gave a great many very pointed reasons for his belief in the theory that man first dwelt upon this continent. We will not present the communication itself, but

merely the terse and approving introduction with which that paper published the letter. It said:

We are. sure that the following letter will be read with exceeding

interest by Tribune readers. The writer is the gentleman who was here

on a lecture tour last summer who ha3 probed Indian literature until he has become convinced that India was in the swaddling bands of barbarism and ignorance, when there was a mighty civilization on this continent; that

the light from India is but reflected light; that it was first kindled on our

900 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

own continent and shone here for myriads of years, before it was turned on the East.

As early as 1838, the Prophet Joseph Smith announced by revelation that the Garden of Eden was located upon this continent.

The following is to be found in the Doctrine and Covenants, page 389.

Three years previous to the death of Adam, he called Seth, Enos,

Cainan, Mahalaleel, Jared, Enoch, and Methuselah, who were all High

Priests, with the residue of his posterity who were righteous into the valley of Adamondi-Ahman, and there bestowed upon them his last blessing.

Section 116, of the same book, is a revelation which designates Adamondi-Ahman as a spot of ground known as Spring Hill, in Daviess county, Missouri.

MERCY.

r The quality of mercy is not strained;

It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven

Upon the place beneath. It is twice blessed;

It blesseth him that gives, and him that takes:

'Tis mightiest in the mightiest; it becomes

The throned monarch better than his crown.

His scepter shows the force of temporal power,

The attribute to awe and majesty.

Wherein doth set the dread and fear of kings.

But mercy is above the sceptered sway

It is enthroned in the hearts of kings;

It is an attribute to God himself;

And earthly power doth then show likest God's,

When mercy seasons justice. Therefore, Jew,

Though justice be thy plea consider this

That, in the course of justice, none of us

Should see salvation; we do pray for mercy;

And that same prayer doth teach us all to render

The deeds of mercy. Merchant of Venice.

WHAT SHALL WE READ?

BY APOSTLE MATTHIAS F. COWLEY.

Young Latterday Saints should learn to read; and having

learned, should read the scriptures, familiarize themselves with the doctrines of the Gospel, and the history of The Church. The

sacred word should be read under the influence and inspiration of the Holy Spirit, for the truths of heaven are not comprehended by the spirit of man. This statement is verified by history, from the

time when the apostles of.the Lord were martyred, down through

the ages. Men have disputed over the doctrines of the New Tes-.

tament for centuries, without coming to a unity of the faith. As

Paul says: "ever learning but never able to come to a knowledge

of the truth;"and for Latterday Saints to read the scriptures,

without the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, would be equally ineffectual, but with this Spirit there cometh understanding. But

our researches after truth need not be confined to religious books. The Lord has commanded us to seek wisdom from all

good books. (See Doctrine and Covenants, section 88: 7680.)

This grants us the fullest liberty to gather gems of truth from every available source, and enjoins upon us to seek for knowledge by prayer, study, faith, observation, conversation, and reading.

The unbounded field confuses the mind when confronted with the numberless volumes of literature which, in this age of enlightened thought, invite us to read. To read anything and everything as it comes in our way would not only be unprofitable but

an impossible task. Rules similar to those which govern the

proper feeding of the body, apply in guiding us to feed the mind.

The man who overeats becomes drowsy, lacks vitality, and abuses 902 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the vital forces of his body. Eating too often, his digestive organs are overtaxed; indiscriminately and too rapidly what his

palate craves, his taste is vitiated, and the organs of his stomach destroyed, thus bringing disease to shorten his life. A wise man

says: "The temperate man feels better after a meal; the intemperate man feels better before eating."This may also apply to

men who read with and without thought. Many men read volumes

without bestowing contemplation on the matter before them, or without having by previous thought any definite purpose or point in mind upon which they desire to obtain knowledge. All this is

wrong, and such readers are like the intemperate eater. What

shall we read? As every Latterday Saint must understand the

Gospel in order to enjoy its spirit and participate fully in its blessings, he should first read the scriptures, studying the principles of the Gospel, and living by its precepts; great care should

be taken in the selection of other books to be read. In the first

place, the contents of a book should be so interesting as to fasten our attention, for books may be read mechanically, in which case nothing is learned. Failing to remember what one reads and hears

is not due to weak memory, but to the fact that there was lack of attention to the matter. If a book is so lacking in interest, that it

is read over without attention and thought, its reading is only a waste of time. In many instances, however, attention and interest should be cultivated; and this is often more difficult to do, and

more necessary, in case of a good book than a bad one. But

fondness for and an infatuation with the style or the matter of the book should by no means be the only consideration. Trifling

and injurious novels, yellowback literature and the like, containing thrilling stories, written in a fascinating style, are always detrimental to the habits and morals of the reader. They are either

false entirely, or great exaggerations of the truth. There is

nothing gleaned upon which to base good action or principle.

Boys and girls who read such stuff render themselves useless for the practical affairs of life, and for true, good men and women, often feeling that all work is obnoxious and distasteful. They

become fanciful in their imaginations, build impossible castles in the air, and fall far below the true standard of worth. Such

reading often makes criminals, by inspiring people to emulate the

WHAT SHALL WE READ? 903

example of thieves, robbers and bandits. A living example of

this is related as follows by Elder John Nicholson, referring to an incident which occurred during his incarceration for conscience sake:

One morning, on leaving the "bunk house,"I noticed a newcomer.

He had been brought in during the night. A fresh inmate was always

an object of interest. This one at once attracted my attention. He

was a splendid specimen of physical manhood—tall, broadshouldered

and erect. His face was ruddy with the glow of health, and I failed to

perceive that it had any particular vicious expression. He was probably twentyone years old.

I saluted him, and engaged him in conversation. He was refreshingly frank. As near as I can recollect, the following, in substance, is

about what passed between us:

"Why are you brought here?"

"For stealing cattle."

"Do you know why I asked the question?"

"No.""Because I didn't think you looked like a naturally bad man. How

did you get into such bad business? Did your father or any other of

your relatives ever do any stealing?"

"No; they have always been honest. I started it. I was led into

the scrape by reading the wrong kind of stuff. I was herding near

Skull Valley, and didn't know how to put in my time, which hung heavily on my hands. I sent word to my sister that I wanted some books to

read. She sent me a lot of novels, such as The Life of Jesse James,

and others of the same sort. When I read them, I got excited and

hungry to do something desperate. It made me want to be somebody,

and make a stir. I kept on getting more and more worked up; so another fellow and I put our sixshooters in shape, made a break, and

stole a bunch of cattle. I drove them to Corinne to sell them. There

I fell into the hands of the sheriff, and here I am."

"Then it was your sister and dime novels that helped to get you here?""I guess that's about it."

Such reading is evil, and should be avoided just as we avoid eating poison. No one would eat poison just to be eating, if he

knew it. No wise man or woman will read books that have the

same effect on the mind that poison has to the body. Hence, the

904 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

importance of discreet selection of books. Only such literature

should be read as will lead the mind to right thinking, which is thebasisof right action. What will the benefit be? should be

asked before any book is read. And these, also: Will this book

awaken thoughts that will help me onward and upward in my chosen vocation? Will it help me in the building of a noble character? Only such books as can answer, Good, and Yes, to these

questions are worth reading. The Bible and Church books stand

first on the list to give this answer.

MY WORK.

I come to thee, Lord, for strength and patience

To do thy will;

Help me, Father, in this world of duty,

My place to fill.

I may not go and labor in thy vineyard,

Where through long hours Brave men and women toil, and from thy presses

The red wine pours.

My work at home lies with the olive branches;

My field is there To train them fitly for the heavenly garden

Needs all my care.

I may not in the woods and on the mountains

Seek thy lost sheep At home a little flock of tender lambkins 'Tis mine to keep.

Thou givest us, thy servants, each our lifework;

No trumpet tone Shall tell the nations in triumphant pealing

How mine was done.

But 'twill be much if, when the task is over,

Through grace from thee, I give thee back, unharmed, the precious treasures

Thou gavest me.

THE STORY OF "MORMONISM."*

BY DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE, OF THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH.

( Concluded from page 826.)

But the officers of the army kept their word; the troops were

put into camp forty miles from the settlements, and the settlers returned. The president's commissioners brought the official pardon, unsolicited, for all acts committed by the "Mormons"in oppossing the entrance of the army. The people asked what they had

done that needed pardon; they had not robbed, they had not killed.

But a critical analysis of these troublous events revealed at least challenged a supplyone overt act;—some "Mormon"scouts had

train; and, being opposed, they had destroyed some of the wagons

and provisions; and for this they accepted the President's most

gracious pardon.

And after all, the "Mormon"people regard the advent of the

Buchanan army as one of the greatest material blessings ever given them.

The troops, once in Utah, had to be provisioned; and everything the settlers could spare was eagerly bought at an unusual

price. The gold changed hands. Then, in their hasty departure,

the army disposed of everything outside of actual necessities in the way of acoutrements and camp equipage. It is said that during the army's two years'camp in Utah, over four million dollars

worth of goods were disposed of. The army found the people in

poverty and left them in comparative wealth.

*A lecture delivered by invitation at the University of Michigan at Cornell University, and elsewhere.

906 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

And what was the cause of this hurried departure of the military? For many menths, ominous rumblings had been heard,—indications of the gathering storm which was soon to break in the

awful fury of civil war. It could not be doubted that war was imminent; already the conflict bad began, and a picked part of the

army was away in the western wilds, doing nothing for any phase of the public good. But a word further concerning the expedition

in general. The sending of troops to Utah was part of a foul

scheme to weaken the government in its impending struggle with the secessionists. The movement has been called not inaptly "Buchanan's blunder,"but the best and wisest men may make blunders,

and whatever may be said of President Buchanan's shortsightedness in taking this step, even his enemies do not question his integrity in the matter. He was unjustly charged with favoring secession;

but the charge was soon disproved. However, it was known that

certain of his cabinet were in league with the seceding states; and

prominent among them was John Floyd, secretary of war. The

successful efforts of this recreant officer to disarm the North, while accumulating the munitions of war in the South; to scatter

the forces by locating them in widely separated and remote stations; and in other ways to dispose of the regular army in the

manner best calculated to favor the anticipated rebellion, are matters of history. It is also told how, at the commencement of the

rebellion, he allied himself with the confederate forces, accepting the rank of brigadiergeneral. It was through Floyd's advice that

Buchanan ordered the military expedition to Utah; ostensibly to

install certain federal officials and to repress an infantile rebellion which in fact had never come into existence; but in reality to

further the rebellion of the South. When the history of that

great struggle with its antecedents and its consequent circumstances is written with a pen that will indite naught but truth, when prejudice and partisanship is lived down, it may appear that

Jefferson Davis rather than James Buchanan was the prime cause of the great mistake.

And General Johnston who commanded the army in the West;

he who was so vehement in his denunciation of the rebel "Mormons,"and who rejoiced in being selected to chastise them into submission; who because of his vindictiveness incurred the illTHE STORY OF "M0RM0N1SM."907

favor of the governor, whose posse comitatus the army was; what

became of him, at one time so popular that he was spoken of as a likely successor to Winfield Scott in the office of generalin-chief of the United States army? He left Utah in the early stages of

the rebellion, turned his arms against the flag he had sworn to defend, doffed the blue, donned the grey, and fell a rebel on the field of Shiloh.

Changes many and great followed in bewildering succession in

Utah. The people were besought to take sides with the South in

the awful scenes of cruel strife; it was openly stated in the East

that Utah had allied herself with the cause of secession; and by

others that the design was to make Salt Lake City the capital of an independent nation. And surely such conjectures were pardonable on the part of all whose pitiable ignorance and prejudice still

nursed the delusion of "Mormon"disloyalty. Moreover, had

the people been inclined to rebellion what greater opportunity could they have wished. Already a North and a South were talked

not set up also a West? A supreme opportunity hadof—why

come and how was it used? It was at this very time that the

Overland Telegraph line, which had been approaching from the

Atlantic and the Pacific, was completed, and the first tremor felt in that nerve of steel carried these words from Brigham Young:

Utah has not seceded, but is firm for the constitution and laws of our country

The "Mormon"people saw in their terrible experiences, and the outrages to which they had been subjected, only the malad- ministration of laws and the subversion of justice through human incapacity and hate. Never even for a moment did they question

the supreme authority, and the inspired origin of the constitution of their land. They knew no North, no South, no East, no West;

they stood positively by the constitution, and would have nothing to do in the bloody strife between brothers, unless indeed they were summoned by the authority to which they had already loyally responded, to furnish men and arms for their country's good.

Following the advent of the telegraph, came the railway; and

the land of "Mormondom"was no longer isolated. Her resources

were developed, her wealth became a topic of the.world's wonder;

908 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the tide of immigration swelled her population, contributing much of the best from all the civilized nations of the earth. Every

reader of current news has heard of her rapid growth; of her repeated appeals for the recognition to which she has so long been

entitled in the blessed sisterhood of states; of the prompt refusals

with which her pleas were persistently met, though other territories with smaller and more illiterate populations, more restricted resources, and in every way weaker claims, were allowed to assume the habiliments of maturity, while Utah, lusty, large and strong, has been kept in swadling clothes. But the cries of the vigorous

infant were at length heeded, and in answer to the seventh appeal of the kind, Utah's star was added to the nation's galaxy.

But let us turn more particularly to the history of The Church itself. For a second time and then for a third, the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was deprived of its president, and on each occasion were repeated the prophecies of disruption uttered at the time of Joseph Smith's assassination. Calm observers declared that now the shepherd had left, the flock would

soon be dispersed; whilst others, comparable only to wolves, thinking the fold unguarded, sought now to harry and scatter the sheep;

but "Mormonism"died not; every added pang of grief served but

to unite the people.

When Brigham Young passed from the earth, he was mourned of the people as deeply as was Moses of Israel. And had he not

proved himself a Moses, aye and a Joshua, too? He led the people

into the land of holy promise, and had divided unto them inheritances. He was a man with a clear claim to title as one of the

small brotherhood we call great. As carpenter, farmer, pioneer,

capitalist, financier, preacher, apostle, prophet—in everything, he

was a leader among men. Even those who opposed him in politics

and in religion, respected him for his talents, his magnanimity, his liberality, and his manliness, and today men who refused him honor while alive, come to give their mites and their greater sums to erect a monument of stone and bronze to the memory of this man who needs it not. With his death closed another epoch in

the history of this people, and a successor was raised up capable of leading and judging under the changed conditions.

But perhaps you censure me for having forgotton or for havTHE STORY OF "MORMONISM."909

ing intentionally omitted reference to what popular belief regards as the chief feature of "Mormonism,"the cornerstone of the structure, the secret of its influence over its members, and of its attractiveness to its proselytes, viz: the peculiarity of the "Mormon"institution of marriage. The Latterday Saints were long

regarded as a polygamous people. That plural marriage has been

practiced by a limited proportion of the people, under sanction of

Church ordinance, has never since the introduction of the system been denied. But that plural marriage is a vital tenet of The

Church is not true. What the Latterday Saints call celestial

marriage is characteristic of The Church, and is in very general practice; but of celestial marriage, plurality of wives was an incident, never an essential. Yet the two have never been segregated in the popular mind. We believe in a literal resurrection

and an actual hereafter, in which future state will be recognized every sanctified and authorized relationship existing here on earth parent and child, brother and sister, husband and wife. We—of

believe further, that contracts as of marriage, to be valid beyond the vail of mortality must be sanctioned by a power greater than that of earth. With the seal of the holy Priesthood upon their

wedded state, these people believe implicitly in the perpetuity of that relationship on the far side of the grave. They marry not

with the saddening limitation "Until death do you part"but "For time and jor all eternity."This constitutes celestial marriage.

The thought that polygamy has ever been the head and front of "Mormon"offending, that to it is traceable as the true cause the hatred of other sects and the unpopularity of The Church, is not tenable to the earnest thinker. Sad as have been the experiences

of the people in consequence of this practice; deep and anguishladen as have been the sighs and groans, hot and bitter as have

been the tears so caused, the heaviest persecution, the crudest treatment of their history began before polygamy was known in The

Church. There is no sect or people that sets a higher value on

virtue and chastity than do the Latterday Saints, nor a people that visits surer retribution upon the heads of offenders against the laws of sexual purity. To them marriage is not, can never

be, a civil compact alone; its significance reaches farther than

earth; its obligations are eternal; and the Latterday Saints are

910 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

notable for the sanctity with which they invest the marital state.

It has been my privilege to tread the soil of many lands, to observe the customs and study the habits of more nations than one;

and I have yet to find the place and hear of the people, where and with whom the purity of man and woman is held more precious than among the maligned "Mormons"in the mountain valleys of—thatthe West.the sinsThereof manI findshallthisnotmeasurebe visitedof justuponequalitythe headof ofthewoman.sexes

At the inception of polygamy among the Latterday Saints, there was no law national or state against its practice. This statement assumes, as granted, a distinction between bigamy and the

"Mormon"institution. In 1862, a law was enacted with the purpose

of suppressing polygamy; and, as had been predicted in the national

Senate prior to its passage, it lay for many years a dead letter.

Federal judges in Utah, who were not "Mormons"nor lovers of "Mormonism,"and United States attorneys, refused to entertain complaints or prosecute cases under the law, because of its manifest injustice and inadequacy.

But other laws followed, most of which, as the Latterday

Saints believe, were aimed directly at their religious conception of the marriage contract, and not at social impropriety or sexual offense.

At last the EdmundsTucker law took effect, making not the marriage alone but the subsequent acknowledging of the contract an offense, punishable by fine or imprisonment or both. Under

the spell of unrighteous zeal, the federal judiciary of Utah announced and practiced that most infamous doctrine of segregation of offenses, with accumulating penalties.

I who speak to you have listened to judges instructing grand juries in such terms as these: that although the law of Congress designated as an offense the acknowledging of more living

wives than one by any man, and prescribed a penalty therefor, as

Congress had not specified the length of time during which this unlawful acknowledging must continue to constitute the offense, the grand juries might indict separately for every day of the period during which the forbidden relationship existed. This meant

that for an alleged misdemeanor—for which Congress prescribed a

maximum penalty of six months'imprisonment and a fine of three

THE STORY OF "MORMONISM."911

for life, aye, for manyhundred dollars—a man might be imprisoned

terms of a man's natural life did the court's power to enforce its sentences extend so far, and might be fined millions of dollars.

Before this travesty on the administration of the law could be brought before the court of last resort, and there meet with the reversal and rebuke it deserved, men were imprisoned under sentences of years'duration.

The people contested these measures one by one in the courts;

presenting in case after case every phase of the subject, urging the unconstitutionality of the measure; then The Church was disincorporated, the real estate and personal property confiscated and

escheated to the government of the United States, and although the property of the latter type was first restored, real estate of great value long lay in the hands of the court's receiver, and the "Mormon"Church had to pay to the government high rental on its own property. But the people have suspended the practice of

polygamy; the testimony of the governors, judges, and district

attorneys of the territory, and later that of the officers of the state have declared the sincerity of the step.

As The Church had adopted the practice under what was believed to be divine approval, they suspended it when they were justified in so doing. In whatever light this practice has been regarded in the past, it is today a dead issue, forbidden by ecclesiastical rule as it is prohibited by legal statute. And the world is

learning to its manifest surprise that polygamy and ''Mormonism"are not synonymous terms.

And so the story of "Mormonism"runs on; its finale has not

yet been written; the current press presents continuously new

stages of its progress, new developments of its plan. Today the

Church of Latterday Saints is stronger than ever before; and the

people are confident that it is at its weakest stage for all time to come. It lives and thrives because within it are the elements of

thrift and the forces of life. It embraces a boundless liberality of

belief and practice; true toleration is one of its essential features;

it makes love for mankind second only to love for Deity. Its creed

provides for the protection of all men in their rights of worship according to the dictates of conscience. It contemplates a millenium of peace,when every man shall love and respect his neighbor

912 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and his neighbor's opinion as he regards himself and his own,—a day

when the voice of the people shall be in unison with the voice of God.

SCIENCE AND RELIGION.

All computations of mathematical science that have relation to material things, either of weight or distance, can be accurately determined with only ten comparatively insignificant little figures, when each one is placed in its proper relation to others; but the

least variation from this rule of one single figure, would make the product or answer a lie, which, if not detected before action was taken, might result in most serious consequences or perhaps in an entire failure of the noblest enterprise.

So with the science of divine truth. When each item of

truth is presented in its proper relation to other truths, correct impressions are conveyed to the human mind, but when presented out of that relation, they become lies and may lead to the most less than the destruction of a living soulserious consequences—no

of necessity in every case, to infidelity, and doubt. A truth only

half told may be equally misleading and ruinous to the soul of man.

For instance, it is written, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and you shall be saved."This, though a scriptural statement, as

it is used by the Christian world today, is leading the souls of men estray. The revivalist is crying upon the streets, "Come and

confess Jesus and you are saved. You can do it in ten minutes;

yes, in five minutes, or in one minute, and you are saved;"utterly

disregarding the idea that any more is to be done.

Another scripture says that belief, or faith, without works is dead, being alone. And again, "Every man shall be rewarded

according to his works."It is he that doeth the will of the Father

that shall be saved, and every man according to his works. It is not

only the doing of today that justifies, but that doing must continue unto the end of this life to be saved in the eternal life to come.

The lesson to be learned is, let every truth be taught in view of its proper relation to other truths. There can be no conflict in

all truth, no more than with and in the source from whence it comes. Samuel W. Richards.

PRELIMINARY PROGRAM SELECTIONS.

[For the convenience of such members of the Y. M. M. I. A. as

may not have text books containing selections for the preliminary program provided for in the Manual, the Era will print some of these in ample time for preparation. Below is presented Gabriel Romanovitch

Derzhavin's "Ode to God,"named in the first program for October. The

author was born in Kazan, Russia, July 14, 1743, and died at Svanka, near Novgorod, July 6, (21, N. S.) 1816. "Ode to God"is the bestknown

poem of this Russian lyrical poet, and it is said to have been hung up in the palace of the emperor of China, printed in gold letters on white satin; and in like manner placed in the temple of Jeddo. Sir John Bowring, once British governor of Hong Kong, made the translation which

follows. Editors.]

ODE TO GOD.

DERZHAVIN.

thou eternal One! whose presence bright

All space doth occupy, all motion guide

Unchanged through time's all devastating flight!

Thou only God—there is no God beside!

Being above all beings! Mighty One,

Whom none can comprehend and none explore,

Who fill's t existence with thyself alone

Embracing all, supporting, ruling o'er,

Being whom we call God, and know no more!

In its sublime research, philosophy

May measure out the oceandeep—may count

The sands or the sun's rays—but, God! for thee

There is no weight nor measure; none can mount

14 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Up to thy mysteries; reason's brightest spark,

Though kindled by thy light, in vain would try

To trace thy counsels, infinite and dark;

And thought is lost ere thought can soar so high,

Even like past moments in eternity.

Thou from primeval nothingness didst call! in thee First chaos, then existence—Lord

Eternity had its foundation; all

Sprung forth from thee—of light, joy, harmony,

life, all beauty thine; Sole Origin—all

Thy word created all, and doth create;

Thy splendor fills all space with rays divine;

Thou art, and wert, and shalt be! Glorious! Great!

Lightgiving, lifesustaining Potentate!

Thy chains the unmeasured universe surround

Upheld by thee, by thee inspired with breath!

Thou the beginning with the end hast bound.

And beautifully mingled life and death!

As sparks mount upward from the fiery blaze,

So suns are born, so worlds spring forth from thee;

And as the spangles in the sunny rays

Shine round the silver snow, the pageantry

Of heaven's bright army glitters in thy praise.

A million torches, lighted by thy hand,

Wandered unwearied through the blue abyss

They own thy power, accomplish thy command,

All gay with life, all eloquent with bliss.

What shall we call them? Piles of crystal light

A glorious company of golden streams

Lamps of celestial ether burning bright

Suns lighting systems with their joyous beams?

But thou to these art as the noon to night.

Yes! as a drop of water in the sea,

All this magnificence in thee is lost:

What are ten thousand worlds compared to thee?

And what am I then?—Heaven's unnumbered host,

Though multiplied by myriads, and arrayed

In all the glory of sublimest thought,

PRELIMINARY PROGRAM SELECTIONS. 915

Is but an atom in the balance, weighed

Against thy greatness—is a cipher brought

Against infinity! What am I then? Naught!

Naught! But the effluence of thy light divine,

Pervading worlds, hath reached my bosom too;

Yes! in my spirit doth thy spirit shine

As shines the sunbeam in a drop of dew.

Naught! but I live, and on hope's pinions fly

Eager toward thy presence; for in thee

I live, and breathe, and dwell; aspiring high,

Even to the throne of thy divinity.

I am, God! and surely thou must be!

Thou art!—directing, guiding all—thou art!

Direct my understanding then to thee;

Control my spirit, guide mv wandering heart;

Though but an atom midst immensity,

Still I am something, fashioned by thy hand!

I hold a middle rank 'twixt heaven and earth

On the last verge of mortal being stand,

Close to the realms where angels have their birth,

Just on the boundaries of the spiritland!

The chain of being is complete in me

In me is matter's last gradation lost,

And the next step is spirit—Deity!

I can command the lightning, and am dust!

A monarch and a slave—a worm, a god!

Whence came I here, and how? so marvelously

Constructed and conceived? unknown! this clod

Lives surely through some higher energy;

For from itself alone it could not be!

Creator, yes! Thy wisdom and thy word

Created me! Thou source of life and good!

Thou spirit of my spirit, and my Lord!

Thy light, thy love, in their bright plenitude

Filled me with an immortal soul, to spring

Over the abyss of death; and bade it wear

The garments of eternal day, and wing 916 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Its heavenly flight beyond this little sphere,

Even to its source—to thee—its Author there.

thoughts ineffable! visions blest!

Though worthless our conceptions all of thee,

Yet shall thy shadowed image fill our breast,

And waft its homage to thy Deity.

God! thus alone my lowly thoughts can soar,

Thus seek thy presence—Being wise and good!

Midst thy vast works admire, obey, adore;

And when the tongue is eloquent no more,

The soul shall speak in tears of gratitude.

FROM THE COTTER'S SATURDAY NIGHT

I BY ROBERT BURNS.

[Robert Burns, the wellknown Scottish poet, was born in a cottage about two miles south of Ayre, on the 25th of January, 1759, and died at Dumphries, Scotland, in 1796.]

And "Let us worship God,"he says, with solem air.

The priestlike father reads the sacred page,

How Abram was the friend of God on high;

Or Moses bade eternal warfare wage

With Amalek's ungracious progeny;

Or how the royal bard did groaning lie

Beneath the stroke of Heaven's avenging ire;

Or Job's pathetic plaint, and wailing cry;

Or rapt Isaiah's wild, seraphic fire;

Or other holy seers that tune the sacred lyre.

Perhaps the Christian volume is the theme,

How guiltless blood for guilty man was shed;

How he, who bore in heaven the second name,

Had not on earth whereon to lay his head;

How his first followers and servants sped;

PRELIMINARY PROGRAM SELECTIONS. 917

The precepts sage they wrote to many a land:

How he, who lone in Patmos banished,

Saw in the sun a mighty angel stand;

And heard great Bab'lon's doom pronounced by Heaven's command

Then kneeling down, to Heaven's Eternal King,

The saint, the father, and the husband prays:

Hope "springs exulting on triumphant wing,"

That thus they all may meet in future days:

There ever bask in uncreated rays,

No more to sigh, or shed the bitter tear,

Together hymning their Creator's praise,

In such society, yet still more dear;

While circling time moves round in an eternal sphere.

Compared with this, how poor Religion's pride,

In all the pomp of method, and of art,

When men display to congregations wide

Devotion's every grace, except the heart!

The Power, incensed, the pageant will desert,

The pompous strain, the sacerdotal stole;

But haply, in some cottage far apart,

May hear, well pleased, the language of the soul;

And in his book of life the inmates poor enroll.

Then homeward all take off their several way;

The youngling cottagers retire to rest;

The parent pair their secret homage pay,

And proffer up to Heaven the warm request,

That he, who stills the raven's clamorous nest,

And decks the lily fair in flowery pride,

Would, in the way his wisdom sees the best,

For them, and for their little one's provide;

But chiefly, in their hearts with grace divine preside.

From scenes like these old Scotia's grandeur springs,

That makes her loved at home, revered abroad:

Princes and lords are but the breath of kings;

"An honest man's the noblest work of God:"

And certes, in fair virtue's heavenly road,

The cottage leaves the palace far behind;

918 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

What is a lordling's pomp? a cumbrous load,

Disguising oft the wretch of human kind,

Studied in arts of hell, in wickedness refined!

LITTLE BOY BLUE.

BY EUGENE FIELD.

[For a sketch of the author, see Era, volume 4, page 759.]

The little toy dog is covered with dust,

But sturdy and stanch he stands;

And the little toy soldier is red with rust,

And his musket moulds in his hands.

Time was when the little toy dog was new,

And the soldier was passing fair;

And that was the time when our Little Boy Blue

Kissed them and put them there.

"Now, don't you go till I come,"he said, "And don't you make any noise,"

So toddling off to his trundlebed,

He dreamt of the pretty toys.

And, as he was dreaming, an angel song

Awakened our Little Boy Blue Oh, the years are many, the years are long,

But the little toy friends are true.

Aye, faithful to Little Boy Blue they stand,

Each in the same old place, Awaiting the touch of a little hand,

The smile of a little face;

And they wonder, as waiting these long years through,

In the dust of that little chair,

What has become of our Little Boy Blue

Since he kissed them and put them there.

HUMBLE CONFESSIONS.

BY LOUISA L. GKEENE RICHARDS.

Brother Wilford Woodruff, Jr., who has been a faithful

worker in the Salt Lake Temple ever since its dedication, was telling me an incident of his early life the other day. I felt at

the time, that story contained a lesson worth recording for our young men and boys to read and treasure up in their hearts.

And now I will relate it as nearly in Brother Woodruff's own words as I can. He said:

"In the spring of 1862, Brother George Q. Cannon was going

to England to preside over the mission in that country. I had

always been a sickly boy, and rather backward. Father took a

notion that it would be a good thing for me to go to England with

Brother Cannon, and spoke about it.

"Brother Cannon said, 'Brother Woodruff, if you want your boy to take this mission, I will keep an eye on him and do the best I can for him.'

"But I said, 'No, father! I am not ready to go yet; you wait

two or three years; I don't want to go now.'So the matter was

dropped.

I "Awhile afterwards, President Young came up to me as was walking along. He put his arm over my shoulder and said,

"'Willie, I understand you have refused to go on a mission.'

"'Yes, President Young,'I answered 'I have.'

"'Well!'said the President, 'Don't you think you better

reconsider the matter, and let me put your name down for a mission now.'

"'No sir! I said, 'if I wouldn't do a thing for my father,

920 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Wilford Woodruff, no man living need ask me to do it, because I would not.'

"'All right, Willie/ said the President, goodnaturedly, 'you will be ready for it by and by.'

"He told father not to fret about me, I would be all right.

And he said, 'If all the brethren would speak out openly as that boy does, we should know how to take them, and what to do with them.'Father let me travel with the President's party in the

South during the summer, driving one of the teams.

"That fall, I went to work in the canyon, cutting and hauling wood for winter. And I never had so much trouble in my life.

Not a day but some thing or other would take place to hinder and torment me. My wagon would break down, or one of the animals in my team would cripple itself, or my load would slide off

somewhere so as to make me extra work; something of a disagreeable nature was happening all the time.

"Father watched me, and one day he said, 'Wilford, don't you think of anything that might be the cause of your having so much trouble?'

"I answered, 'No, only the tormented bad luck that seems to follow me up.'

"But father's question set me to thinking. I managed to get

through the winter.

"The next spring, 1863, father said to me, 'They are going to send out a lot more missionaries this spring; what do you think

about going now?'

"I answered, 'Father, I had my say so once, and it didn't 'pan out'worth a cent. Now I am ready to go anywhere, or do anything you say you want me to.'

"So then, I was sent over to England with a number of other boys. When I got there, President Cannon asked me if I had any

choice about the portion of country I was to labor in. I told him

no, that I had had my own way once, and it didn't work right;

and now I was there to go wherever he told me to, and to do whatever he wanted me to.

"'Just put me where you please, President Cannon,'I said, 'and you'll find me there like a knot on a log.'And I never forBUMBLE CONFESSIONS. 921

got that lesson, but have always been willing to do what I have been asked to ever since."

I wonder if we could not usually find a reason similar to

Brother Woodruff's for what we call bad luck when it comes to us, if we thought it over and looked for it.

President George A. Smith used to tell of a misfortune

which came to him through his failing to listen to the promptings of the Holy Spirit, and breaking one of the commandments of God.

He said he was traveling in the southern part of Utah, and felt that he must be in a certain place at a certain time.

Sunday morning came, and the whisperings of the Spirit to him were, "George, you and the brethren with you better rest and meet with the people here, today."

But then, he thought of the place where he must be at that certain time, and that if he rested there that Sabbath day, he could not make it. So he said "Hitch up, boys, and we'll drive on>

for we must be there at that time."

And they hitched up their horses and started out; but they

did not drive very far until they got stuck in a mud hole, broke their wagon, had quite a serious time in getting anywhere to find help, and were delayed a day or two longer than they would have been by properly observing the Sabbath. And President Smith

would say, "It doesn't pay us to get it into our heads that we can manage affairs better than the Lord can."

SOME LEADING EVENTS IN THE CURRENT

STORY OF THE WORLD.

BY DR. J. M. TANNER, GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH

SCHOOLS.

Assassination of President McKinley.

On Friday, September 6, the whole world was startled and horrified by the announcement that an anarchist named Leon

Czolgosz had made an attempt upon the life of President McKinley.

For some months, rumor had gained ground that there was a conspiracy among the anarchists of this country against our President, and this rumor was so strongly accredited that precautions were taken to protect his life by the aid of detectives. These

precautions, however, were very adroitly evaded by a cunningly aided byarranged device on the part of the assassin—no doubt

his the weapon used in the murderous assault confreres—by which

was carefully concealed.

At the time the assault was made, the President was holding a reception at the Temple of Music, in the PanAmerican Exposition at Buffalo. As is customary on such occasions, thousands

were crowding about the person of the President, in order that they might shake hands with him. As Czolgosz approached our

chief magistrate, it is said that he extended his left hand to the

President, his right hand, and the revolver which it contained, being concealed by a handkerchief which covered them. The

President was in the attitude of reaching out his hand to shake the left band of the man, to whom, it is said, he cast a sympaCURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 923

thetic look as though he were greeting one in misfortune. At

that moment, the right hand was extended, and two shots fired at close range into the body of the President. One of the bullets

was turned aside by the breastbone, and the other passed into the body, about four inches below the heart, and about the same distance from the navel. This bullet took a range through the

cavity of the stomach, and is supposed to have lodged somewhere in the muscles of the back. No sooner were these shots fired

than detectives seized the assassin and threw him to the floor. It

is quite likely that the instant action of these detectives served to prevent a third ball from entering the President's body. The

revolver, it appears, was of a small size, doubtless so that the assassin might conceal it, and yet thought sufficient to carry out the dastardly act. Skilful surgeons were at hand, an operation

was immediately performed, that the danger of bloodpoisoning might be prevented. Some days elapsed during which the

public was permitted, through the apparently favorable condition of the President, to indulge the strongest hopes of his recovery.

Czolgosz, from reports, simply says that he is an anarchist;

that he has done his duty; that the act was the result of a plot,

and that he was not alone in the horrible affair. One of the most

pronounced results, perhaps, in the universal feeling of the people of this country, is the intense opposition expressed toward anarchy and anarchists. It was a cruel shock to the kindly sentiment

everywhere felt for President McKinley, and nowhere, it is safe to say, has the grief been stronger or more pronounced than in

Utah.

It is horrifying to think that such an awful doctrine as that inculcated and promulgated by anarchists could find, anywhere, and especially in this free country, lodgment in the human heart.

The most charitable view that can possibly be taken is to regard such doctrine and such conduct as a species of insanity, but the method in such madness removes every sentiment of tolerance.

To devise means of eradicating the dangerous and intolerable propaganda of anarchism, will, no doubt, occupy the minds of the most thoughtful and patriotic citizens engaged in the making and enforcing of laws, in both our national and state governments.

In the early morning hours of the 13fcb, seven days after the 924 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

fatal shot had been delivered, it was seen that the President's heart had been affected and was growing weak, and the hope that this and other nations had entertained for the President's recovery were to end in bitter disappointment. The great man grew gradually worse, and died on Saturday, 14th, at 2:15 a. m.

BIOGRAPHICAL.

William McKinley was born at Niles, Ohio, January 23, 1843.

When he was nine years old, upon the insistence of his mother, the family removed to a small town called Poland, that her children might enjoy the opportunities of an education there, since it was the seat of learning for that part of the state. After graduating from the seminary at Poland, her son William sought a

higher education in Alleghany college, Pennsylvania. Lack of

means prevented him from carrying on the pursuits of higher education, and in 1861, when he was but eighteen years of age, he enlisted in the Federal army, where he served his country in a distinguished manner until the close of the war. He advanced

from station to station in army life by his meritorious conduct, until he was brevetted major by President Lincoln, in 1865, for gallantry. On his return to Poland, he entered upon the study of

law, and after three years entered the profession in 1867, but removed from Poland to Canton, the business center of that section of country. He felt, as most ambitious lawyers feel struggliDg

for clientage that the office of county attorney would be most helpful. His determination to try his hand in the fortune of

politics was begun when, in 1869, he ran for county attorney in

Stark county, Ohio. This was the beginning of his political career.

After building up a respectable practice, he ran for Congress, where he served his state from 1876 to 1890. He was subsequently (18911893) twice elected Governor of Ohio, and finally

became President of the United States in 1897. He married Ida

Saxton, in 1871, and they had two daughters both of whom died in early childhood. It is doubtful whether this country ever had a

President more universally loved. His amiable ways made him

personally attractive even to his strongest political opponents.

His kindly disposition, his earnest and sincere manner of dealing with his fellowman, entitled him to universal respect. The gloom

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 925

that his assassination cast over the country attests the personal esteem in which he was held, as well as the sorrow which is felt because of the manner of his taking from the exalted position which he held.

The bulletin issued by the physicians in charge of the autopsy informs the public that he died from the effects of gangrene, the first steps of mortification. It is believed by some that the bullets

used were poisoned.

Thursday the 19th was set apart and observed as a day of mourning. The whole nation bows its head in sorrow, and with

deep emotion calls upon God to witness its grief. May the people be spared from a repetition of an offense so heinous and so

destructive to the liberties of the people.

The Steel Strike.

The great steel strike, which had its beginning on the 15th of July this year, is developing some very interesting features in labor organizations, and illustrates the tendency of power towards tyranny. For many years, labor organizations have been carrying

on periodical struggles with capital in the demand for recognition by capital in the increase of wages and the shortening of the hours. These contests have resulted in the formation of powerful

organizations among the laborers, and have accomplished great good in miligating the hardships of the laboring man, and in promoting his material welfare. No one questions the advantages derived from these associations, and they are entitled to

the fullest recognition for the great good they have accomplished.

However, along with this good, certain conditions that portend evil have arisen, and it is not unlikely that there may be a considerable division in the ranks of the laboring man as to the rights of labor associations to dictate and prescribe forms that shall bind all laborers alike, especially skilled labor, no matter what may be the difference in capacity of the individual man. The great strike that is now on in the United States is a

strike of skilled labor in its demands to fix the schedule of prices and hours of men who are not members of the union, but who are at work in what are commonly called nonunion mills owned by the great steel trust. The case, as made out in the public prints of

926 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

this country, seems to go against the labor union, whose grievance is the advantages which it is believed nonunion men in nonunion mills have over union men in union mills. This amalgamated

association of skilled workers, it is said, would bring to a dead level, by the rules of the organization, every grade of artisan in the nonunion mills. Superior artisans there enjoy superior

advantages, and unskilled men are trenching, it is claimed, upon the ground of the tradesman. This contention has brought out

some very interesting discoveries in relation to the conditions of labor organizations in England and in this country. In Great

Britain, it is contended that labor unions are so powerful that they are destroying the individual genius and advanced skill by bringing every man who has a trade, in matters of recognition and compensation, to the dead level of every other man. Political

economists contend that the labor unions of England among skilled workers removes all opportunity for individual advancement, by taking away individual reward and preference. On the

other hand, in the United States, great liberty has been given to individual genius, and men enjoy the reward in compensation and rank according to their merit. Here in nonunion mills, certain men are permitted to advance beyond the given standard;

here a man may still start with the dinnerpail and end with the to advancement along which fewer and fewermill—a highway

men in England today are permitted to travel. One of the unfortunate results of these powerful organizations is the prevention

which they offer to the advancement of the unskilled laborer. It

is a part of the rules of these bodies to restrict the number of apprentices, and prevent common laborers in the mills from learning the trade. The following rule is taken from article 17,

section 19, of the amalgamated strike against organizedon the associationcapital:—"Shouldthat is nowany carryingmember

of this association undertake to instruct an unskilled workman in any of the trades represented by this association, it shall be the duty of the mill committee to notify him that this association cannot tolerate such proceedings."These skilled laborers, recognizing the power which their association wields, are scarcely more

charitable towards their more unfortunate brethren, the unskilled laborers, than capital has been towards labor organizations. The

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 927

unskilled laborers now stand idly by, suffering the losses that must come from such a gigantic contest, and await the outcome without hope of any remuneration or advantage whatever.

It is said that duriDg this strike there are something like seventy thousand idle men, not one third of whom belong to the amalgamated association which ordered the strike. From these facts, it

is clear that, sooner or later, there must be a struggle between unionism and nonunionism, and we shall have three great interests marked and widely separated. We shall have capital, and organizations of skilled, and unskilled laborers. The present strike

has brought to light the fact that in nonunion mills, where labor organizations do not control, the best machinery is placed, and these inventions which have substituted machinery for men enabled unskilled men to do the work, with the aid of the new machinery, that before was performed by skilled labor. This

substitution of machinery for men is constantly shifting the conditions of the laboring man, who is constantly compelled to adapt himself to new habits and new occupations. This readaptation

to changed conditions is extremely difficult for men who have reached the age of fortyfive or fifty; and as a consequence,

men of that class are faring worst. In most of the prolonged

struggles, the strikers have gone down. In the present case, the

great trust had given all that was asked in matters of compensation, and the hours that should constitute a day's work. What

the trust is contending for is its right to make individual contracts in nonunion mills, with the concession that the strikers may organize union lodges in any and all of the nonunion mills.

One of the most unfortunate results of the present strike has been the violation of their contracts by men in the nonunion mills. These men had just signed the schedule, and entered into

agreements for the coming year; and, in a number of instances,

these contracts have been violated by the direct interference of the amalgamated association. It is the violation of these contracts that has alienated so largely the sympathy of the people

throughout the country from the strikers.

Word comes as this article goes to press that the strikers have yielded. Whether they received any concessions is not

known. There has perhaps never been a labor strike in which

928 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

strikers received so little of public sympathy as those received who have been engaged in the present contest.

Turkey's Troubles,

Recently the French embassador at Constantinople, Mr. Constans, served notice upon the sultan of Turkey that France had

decided to break off all diplomatic relations with the Ottoman empire and recall its embassador. This announcement had something of the tone of war, and the world wondered what had

happened. Such summary procedure had every indication of international complications of the most serious kind. Newspapers

wrote of French ambition to possess Constantinople, and people generally wondered what could have happened so suddenly to bring on such a warlike attitude. The trouble was mostly over quays

built on either side of the Golden Horn for the purpose of facilitating travel between the two parts of Constantinople, namely,

Pera and Stamboul. The sultan had granted to a French company certain franchises by which ferries and street railroads could

be run. After something like seven million dollars had been expended, and the company began to enjoy the fruits of its franchise,

the sultan informed the company that he had concluded to take the concessions back, and pay for them. The company asked for

their investment, ten million dollars, whereupon the sultan nominated a commission to negotiate the purchase. That was the beginning of a Turkish policy of procrastination, best expressed in

the words of the song, "It may be for years, and it may be forlikely forever. The French urged an early adjustever,"—more

ment. And the sultan made promises. These promises were not

kept, and France no doubt concluded that she would adopt the

American policy of vigorous diplomatic pressure and menace. The

sultan begged for time, and promised to negotiate a loan at once for eight million dollars, but his credit is so bad that he could not raise the amount, and rather than permit the rupture between his country and France, finally concluded to grant the French company the right to resume the operation of the quays. So, harmony once more reigns between France and Turkey.

It was not Constantinople that the French were after, but

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 929

quays on the Golden Horn. Along with the demand for the pay

for these quays, France was urging the payment of about nine million dollars expended by her citizens for the construction of railroads in the Turkish empire.

Oriental countries like Turkey make good picking for speculators; especially when the latter have their mother country to

enforce their demands. The poor Turk has been shamefully robbed in the past. Big wages, salaries, interest and other profits

are placed beyond all reason. Of recent years, foreign experts,

chiefly German, have protected the Turkish government by detecting the secrets of the speculative games, and revealing them to the sultan. The Turk is never a skilful and judicious man of

affairs.

The New Japan.

Perhaps in no country in the world has there been made the same relative improvement and general advancement in commerce and civilization as in Japan. The transformation within the last

generation has been of the most marvelous character. Some statistics have recently been published which are perhaps the best indication of the manner in which that country is taking its place

among the leading nations of the earth. The recent census shows

the population to be fortyfour million. This is an increase, during the decade, of something like fifteen per cent, while the percentage of increase in the population of the United States was

hardly twentyone per cent. Fifteen per cent may be considered

high, in view of the fact that the population of Japan is not increased by immigration. What seems to be of more interest than

the increase in population, in that country, is the increase in its productive growth. Statistics, covering the fourteen years from

1884 to 1898, show an increase in manufacturing companies from four hundred in 1884, to two thousand in 1898. In 1884, the

amount invested in the manufacturing companies of that country amounted to five million yen (a yen is equal to eighty cents of our money); in 1898, the capital invested amounted to two hundred

and twentytwo million yen. During the same time, there was an

increase in commercial companies from six hundred and fifty to over four thousand, and the capital of these companies was in930 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

creased from about nine million to three 'hundred million yen.

Along with the enormous increase in manufacturing, there has come an equally pronounced change in transportation. In 1884,

there were two hundred transportation companies in the empire, and in 1898, they numbered more than five hundred and thirty;

and the capital of these companies increased from seven million to two hundred million yen. Perhaps the most notable changes,

though less apparent, are those that have taken place in the general education of the people. The Japanese seem to have developed a wonderful ambition for education, and this ambition has

run throughout all ranks. It is said that in the universities of

Japan today, children and sons of the common people outnumber the aristocracy and the rich. This intellectual regeneration is

emphasized by the important fact that the newspapers and magazines have increased something like eight fold. The country is

drifting more and more toward the idea of democratic equality, and the franchise is becoming more general. At present, there is

something like one million voters, but there is a growing disposition to increase this number by reducing the amount required in the property qualification.

Christian missions have been established on the islands, and strenuous efforts have been made by both Protestant and Catholic, there being both Greek and Roman Catholics in the field. The introduction also of the true Gospel of Jesus Christ by Apostle

Heber J. Grant and associates, who arrived in the country August

29, is a familiar fact to our readers. The number of Christians

is estimated at one hundred and twenty thousand, forty thousand being Protestants and the balance Greek and Roman Catholics. It

is said that some of the principal newspapers are controlled by converted Christians, and that three per cent of the army officers profess a belief in Christ. With the improvement in the schools,

the general dissemination of knowledge by means of the press, and the rapid growth and material civilization of the country,

Japan stands today the first nation of the world in the rapidity of the process by which it has been evolved from a semicivilized condition to its present comparatively high standard.

PREDESTINATION, FOREORDINATION,

ELECTION AND FREE AGENCY.

BY JOSEPH E. TAYLOR, OP THE PRESIDENCY OF THE SALT LAKE

STAKE OF ZION.

Predestination is a Christian theological term and means in its extreme interpretation that it is decreed by God, and has been immutably determined from all eternity, that some of the human family are destined to happiness and the others to misery, these two conditions being independent of any action on the part of man, be they either good or bad.

The reformation which took place in the sixteenth century was undoubtedly brought about according to the will of the

Almighty; yet many extreme and divergent views were entertained and taught by the reformers of that time. Among the

doctrines taught by one of the reformers of that period—John

Calvin—the following appears: "Those whom God had chosen to

life He effectually called to salvation and kept them in progressive faith unto the end."While those who were predestined or foreordined to damnation received none of this saving grace. Infants were said by him to be born "with their own condemnation

upon them and are bound not by anothers, but by their own fault;

although they have not brought forth or exhibited any of the fruits of iniquity."Hence the conclusion reached, and the doctrine

taught in the Calvinistic world, that "there are children in hell only a span long."

Josephus says that "the Pharisees and Essenes went to such extremes upon this point as to leave hardly a place for human 932 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

freedom."While the Sadducees took such an extreme opposite

view that they denied predestination altogether. James Arminius,

the founder of the Arminian doctrine, takes this view of the subject that "God simply foreknew who would be saved, and makes salvation conditioned upon the use man makes of the means of grace."John Kolman, of the Arminian faith, says, "High Calvinism makes God a tyrant and an executioner."

John Knox, the Scottish reformer, was a close friend of Calvin, and was in harmony with his views in regard to predestination.

Presbyfcerianism has incorporated in its creed the extreme views of Calvin. The strong efforts that have been made of late

to modify or change some of their articles of faith give promise of some success at least. It is claimed by those who advocate

such change that the offensive doctrines are altogether out of harmony with present Christian ideas, which ideas are the result of what is termed "advanced thought."

Such action on the part of the Presbyterian church, presents the evidence of internal weakness. For a doctrine that was true

four centuries ago, is true today. To admit that one or more of

the fundamental principles of a Christian faith is an error, opens the door to have the remaining ones challenged as to their consistency or truth. In fact, the foundation of such a faith is by

these admissions at once, and justly too, declared altogether unreliable if not entirely false.

The saying of Paul to the Romans, as recorded in chapter 8, verses 2930, "Whom the Father did foreknow, he also did predestinate,"etc., has been extensively quoted by Calvinists in their

arguments in support of that particular faith. They also place

great reliance upon the declaration of Peter on the day of Pentecost (Acts 2: 23): "Him, being delivered by the determinate

counsel and foreknowledge of God,"etc. Also his saying as found

in his first epistle, chapter 1, verse 2, "Elect according to the foreknowledge of God,"etc., as well as other similar sayings in

the Old and New Testament. But the conclusions reached by them

are altogether at variance with the spirit and meaning of these texts.

PREDESTINATION, FOREOBDINATION, ETC. 933

The doctrine of foreordination is not only scriptural but has proceeded from the fountain of all truth. And when correctly

understood, its consistency and truthfulness are easily perceived and readily accepted.

The Prophet Joseph Smith declared that "Every man who has a calling to minister to the inhabitants of the world, was ordained to that very purpose in the grand council of heaven before the world was."(History of Joseph Smith, May 12, 1844.) He had

previously stated, "All election that can be found in the Scriptures is according to the flesh and pertaining to the priesthood."(Ibid.

May 16, 1841).

In the Pearl of Great Price, in the Book of Abraham, the following is recorded: "Now the Lord had shown unto me (Abraham)

the intelligences that were organized before the world was: and

among all these there were many of the noble and great ones: and

God saw these sons and they were good, and he stood in the midst of them and he said: These I will make my rulers, for he stood

among those that were spirits, and he saw that they were good;

and he said unto me, Abraham, thou art one of them, thou wast chosen before thou wast born."The Lord said to Jeremiah, "Before thou earnest forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, and

I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations."(Jer. 1: 5.)

Alma, in speaking of certain ones who had been ordained to the priesthood, stated that they were "called and prepared from the foundation of the world, according to the foreknowledge of

God, on account of their exceeding faith and good works."(Alma

13: 3-7.) Peter, in speaking concerning the Savior, said, "Who verily was foreordained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times for you."(I Peter 1: 20).

Many more quotations of a similar charcter might be given but these that we have named are ample to prove our position; that the

doctrine of foreordination is one of truth.

The choice made by our Father of certain spirits to occupy responsible positions in the priesthood upon the earth was undoubtedly made because of their proven faithfulness as well as recognized ability and fitness for the same; yet it must be admitted

that such appointments did not in any degree determine and make 934 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sure their faithfulness in their second estate. While the supposition may ba allowed that faithfulness in the first estate is a

pretty good index of a like faithfulness in the second estate, yet the trial mu3t be made and the tests applied before that integrity which alone is acceptable to God can be recognized.

It was told to Abraham that he was one of the chosen ones in the past, and although his future faithfulness might have been known to the Father, it was not until Abraham had been put to the severest tests, and had passed the ordeals without failure, that the Lord confirmed by an oath all the former promises he had made to his servant. (Gen. 22: 1518.) To confirm this statement, I will refer to the declaration of the Prophet Joseph, under

date of August 18, 1843: "The sacrifice required of Abraham in

the offering up of Isaac shows that if a man would attain to the keys of the kingdom of an endless life, he must sacrifice all things.

When God offers a blessing or knowledge to a man, and he refuses to receive it, he will be damned."

Although there are three separate and distinct existences:

the past, the present, and the future, yet each one is closely related to the other. The first largely, if not altogether, determining the second, as well as the second determining the third. Each

existence, however, disclosing this one fact, that man in the exercise of his free agency did make in the past and is now making for himself his own future.

It has not been made known to us what particular ordinances were administered in our spirit existence. The words: called,

chosen, elected, and ordained, are used in the scriptures we have quoted. From these expressions, we can readily imagine that ordinances corresponding in some degree at least to those received by

us here, were employed there.

We fully understand that there is no ordinance received by us here, but what relates to. and reaches into, the future life, no

matter to what extent we are benefitted by them here. We also

recognize another fact, that unless these ordinances are received in person or by proxy, that we are without hope even; much less

any assurance for the future.

We will quote Joseph's words upon this point: "All men who

become heirs of God and joint heirs with Jesus Christ, will have to

PREDESTINATION, FOREOEDINATION, ETC. 935

receive the fullness of the ordinances of his kingdom, and those who will not receive all the ordinances will come short of the fullness of that glory, if they do not loose the whole."(History Joseph

Smith, June 11, 1843.) He said, also, concerning the servants of

God being sealed in their foreheads, that this. means "Sealing the

blessing upon their heads, meaning the everlasting covenant, thereby making their calling and election sure.""The anointing

and sealing, is to be called, elected, and made sure."(Ibid, August,

1843.) This establishes the principle or doctrine of foreordination beyond all question, and all there is of predestination is embodied in this doctrine, neither more nor less. The immutable law of the

Eternal One, establishing the free agency of man, is not in the least degree thereby changed or interfered with. Were not this

the case, justice could have no claim, neither could mercy find a place to bestow forgiveness, so necessary, especially considering man's present fallen condition.

Although a thick veil has been drawn between man and his

God, and a sleep so deep has come upon him as to utterly obliterate all past recollection, and he finds himself in a dark, cold, cruel world, surrounded by wicked influences that use their power to lead him astray; and he also finds himself powerless to remove or

destroy them, for they are here by heaven's is he permission—yet

justified in refusing toheld responsible for all of his acts,—being

yield to these influences of evil, and condemned to the extent that he does so yield. This is the grand crucible ordained of heaven

to test and prove the sons of man as to whether or not they will keep their second estate. Well may humanity in the darkness

of their natural mind ask, Wherein is God justified? The world of

Christian divines have sought long and diligently to solve this great problem by human reasoning alone; they have arrived at

conclusions so diverse one from the other, and so far from truth, that it is no wonder that the minds of men are bewildered rather than enlightened through these efforts. It remained for our Father

to reveal his purposes and designs in regard to the past and present, as well as to the future; also to give the reasons therefor,

all of which so beautifully harmonize, the one with the other, made sothat not a solitary complication presents itself. It is

936 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

plain that like to the highway spoken of by the Prophet Isaiah, "A wayfaring man, though a fool, need not err therein."

Having established the fact that the noble and great ones in the spirit world were chosen and appointed to special work, and that, too, at certain given times in the history of this creation: for

instance, Father Adam, Enoch, Noah, Abraham, Moses, Jesus,

Joseph, as well as many others, would it not be proper to inquire concerning the rest of the spirits running into the billions, as we reckon numbers, and who constituted the family of heaven, as to their times and seasons, their callings, appointments and ordinations? For to imagine for one moment that a chosen few were all

that received appointments, the others being left to accidental happenings, would stamp injustice upon Deity.

When Paul stood in the highest court in Athens, called "Mars

Hill,"contrasting the difference between the true and living God, and the unknown God which the Athenians worshiped, among the many declarations which he made upon that occasion, this one appears: "And hath made of one blood all nations of men for to

dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation,"etc.

(Acts 17: 26.) This would indicate that man was destined to occupy the entire earth, which had been prepared for that especial

purpose, and that the time of their coming was predetermined as well as the place of their birth; all of which is in keeping with

the character of the Eternal One who takes cognizance of the minutest details of his entire creation.

Jesus said to his disciples that a sparrow falling to the ground was noticed by the Father, and tells them, "Ye are of more value than many sparrows."He further says, "The very hairs of your

head are all numbered."Surely, then, the coming of a spirit to

earth, which involved consequences of an eternal character, would not be left to a mere chance.

In answer to the question as to whether we had any choice in regard to the time of our coming, and the parentage through which we should come, I make this answer: If we kept our first

estate, we were certainly obedient to our Father, and as obedient children we would bide the time of our Father's appointment, and willingly accept his choice of parentage as well as the place of

PREDESTINATION, FOREORDINATION, ETC. 937

our birth. As nothing has been revealed of disobedience in the

spirit world since the time of the great rebellion there, we can readily imagine that not merely a passive but a most willing consent was given by us to Father's suggestion as to the time and place of our coming, including our parentage.

As our Father knows the end from the beginning of every one of his children, would he not allow them to be placed in circumstances, and to be surrounded with conditions, exactly suited to them, and thus give them ample opportunity to fully develop those various gifts and powers with which he had endowed them, to enable them to possess and enjoy that degree of glory and exaltation of which they were capable and would prove themselves worthy to receive? I can see nothing but what is consistent in this supposition.

When the story shall be fully told, which will not be until we have passed into our third existence, we will then understand the reason why some spirits have come to earth when gospel dispensations existed, while others came when darkness prevailed. For in all the

providences of the Eternal One, nothing that even savors of unjust discrimination can be justly charged against him. Who can feel

more keenly, plan more wisely, guard more carefully, and defend more successfully, the interests of every child than our allwise and loving Father, God?

The Lord has made choice not only of individuals, but of peoples also, to bring about and accomplish certain purposes which are highly essential according to the economy of heaven. Why

is this? In regard to individuals, it must be borne in mind that

any person receiving special appointment to any particular labor is not simply to benfit the individual thus chosen but to benefit the many; the same may be said in regard to peoples who are especially chosen. Abraham was selected to be the father of the

faithful. Unquestionably, he possessed the essential qualifications

for this important position, but what great end was to be accomplished in this choice and by this appointment? The question is

answered by the one who made the appointment, "In thee and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed."

In other words, Abraham and his posterity were the agents employed to bestow blessings upon the whole human family during 938 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the entire period of the earth's duration. It was necessary that

he should be ordained to the holy priesthood. This he received

from Melchizedek, the king of Salem, who was a high priest after the holy order of God. In this line and through this lineage has

been preserved and continued all there is of priesthood and the authority to bestow the blessings according to the original design.

Through this lineage came the Savior of the world, and that, too, at the time before appointed. The apostles of the Lamb were

also of this lineage. Paul called the Gentiles the wild olive tree,

and told them that if they would obtain salvation, they must be grafted into the tame olive tree, which was the house of Israel, the seed of Abraham, to whom the promise was originally made.

It has been revealed that the Prophet Joseph Smith was of this lineage; and by far the largest number who have embraced

the gospel restored through him, are of this lineage also; their

"lives having been hid with Christ in God"to be made manifest in the due time of the Lord.

We may rest assured that heaven has made no mistake in the selections made from Adam to Abraham, and from Abraham down to our day, for the fittest have been chosen, appointed and ordained to these several labors, namely, the benefit, blessing, salvation, and exaltation of the human family.

Predestination, as understood and explained by Christendom, is a false doctrine. Foreordination is a blessing conferred by

heaven, and is in the nature of reward for proven faithfulness and integrity. It reaches no further than the appointment itself; consequently, it does not guarantee anything pertaining to the future

of that appointment, for faithfulness alone determines the future, as it determined the past. Election is the choice made by heaven

of those who have elected to do the will of God, and can be trusted with the powers of salvation. In ministering for the salvation of

others they become the partakers of the blessings they seek to bestow. The exercise of free agency by man, never was, nor ever

will be curtailed or hindered. Coercion is an element used only

by the evil one. Freedom of choice is heavengiven, and will be

by heaven closely guarded and preserved; hence, man's responsibility to his God.

"KEEPING THE HARNESS ON."

BY ELDER HENRY W. NAISBITT.

Human language calls to its aid for versatility of illustration, figure, metaphor, parable, etc., and these are often more apt,

striking, and forcible than other methods of instruction in pressing home a pregnant thought. The Savior stands out

upon the sacred pages of history as the most unique, the most impressive, and the grandest master of all time in the use of symbol, and the giving of parables, such as for beauty, appropriateness, effectiveness and permanence upon the human soul, have never been equalled, much less excelled.

Many writers and speakers have, however, originated expressions, pithy and sententious, which have become as current coin in the realm of literature, passing from brain to brain, from book to book, from age to age, as the very embodiment of suggestion, of advice, of truth, recognized universally as correct.

"Live your religion"is one of those inexhaustible expressions which has done much service in "Mormon"ministerial life; not

that any special discourse has been analyzed or amplified by its homely force; it rather seems to have been taken for granted

that every user and hearer had an intuitive or acquired understanding of the farreaching word. Yet many an elaborate discourse is there enshrined, and it is doubtful if any human wisdom,

experience or argument, could exhaust that which probably often falls from a flippant and unthinking tongue.

The caption used at the head of these few jottings is another very familiar phraze, often used with judgment and discrimination, sometimes with a patronizing air, and again with a 940 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

doubtful tone of suggestion, in a casual, warning way. "Keep

the harness on;"the old and the young may profit by this expression, if made in the right spirit.

In a cold, heartless, mechanical sort of way, many an ardent young man, fresh from the mission field, where his whole soul was enlisted, has been met: no warm effusive greeting, no soulful grip

of a good right hand, no speaking eye, or ready lip, or throbbing heart or silent prayer, "more eloquent than words,"have told the story of comprehended labor or of unhesitating love; "Keep the

harness on"was all! What harness? the harness of the missionary

field, which is in the great part unfitted for home life among the saints; there it was love, sacrifice, selfabnegation; there was but

one thought, one aspiration and one work; saints and sinners alike

commanded willing attention; to "seek and save the lost"was the

darling avocation and the darling pride, and nothing ever thrilled the devoted soul with such transcendent satisfaction as to meet the honest searcher, and afterwards lead him into "the waters of regeneration."

Here, the broken walls of finance have to be repaired, bread and clothing for a depleted domestic treasury have to be replaced, temporal things have gone all awry in the two or three years'absence in an acknowledged grander field; but the wellkept

"harness"is gone with the silk hat and the Prince Albert suit.

Sheep and cattle need looking to; the farm, in stranger hands, has

of course gone down; a home new or enlarged is in the ambition;

perhaps a wife, to sooth the cravings of companionship and round a single life, is on the tapis; or business frittered away under

inadequate supervision needs to be resurrected, and a thousand other things in the unlimited category of legitimate human wants.

"Keep the harness on;"yes, but in animal life when the time of

recuperation comes, a run in the pasture, a stall in the barn, suggest that the harness be lifted for a while, or if kept on the shoulders, it is something nearer adapted to the load; men do not

"work a willing horse to death,"and when the old proverb suggests that "a change is lightsome,"it in no way implies that one shall be idle or that interest shall vanish in work already done, nor can it be assumed that regret tinges in any degree the mind or feeling of the returning worker. Ah no; he knows of "the

"KEEPING THE HARNESS ON:'941

good work of God;"he is not forgetful of uncounted testimony,

nor yet of warmhearted converts or devoted friends; his efforts

are but diverted into other needed channels; in others words, "he

keeps the harness on."

Then again, are we all as vigilant as we might be in seeing that there is work for the one who has the harness on? Are we

adapting the work to the capacity, and so making the new or added load pleasant? Is it possible for local influences, prejudice,

likes or dislikes, to affect our setting to work of the once employed?

Are there any petty jealousies, family preferences, or other influences which discriminate against a ready soul?

Surely not in Zion, for there is room within her boundaries for all who want to do good, and work for that kingdom ostensibly dear to us all. Yet there are unemployed, and say you, "He that

waiteth to be commanded in all things is a slothful servant."

Just so, but in the social and industrial world, how many are there who, in answer to the question, "Why stand ye here all the day idle?"have the ready answer, "Because no man hath hired us!"

But few men have capacity to employ themselves, and if missionary life were to be left entirely to volunteers, the world would not be evangelized just yet. Most men need the stimulus of appointment, the call of authoritv, and when that comes they are willing

for it is to them "the day of God's power."It is everywhere

realized that "an idle brain is the devil's workshop."President

Young and President Snow have both seen this fundamental fact, and the dream and practice of those leaders was to "keep men employed,"for unemployed humanity is a giant evil in every land.

Apostle Lyman gave significant voice to this unerring principle, when he, in addressing the Elders in Bradford, England, used this sentiment, "Brethren, the powers of evil can hardly reach you here in the missionary field; you are too much united, too full of

faith, too hard at work; you are invulnerable; and those specious

and experienced ministers of evil, those forms of spiritual being and life say, 'We can do nothing with the Elders here;'we will

wait until they return to Zion, then, where there is liberty, where men have more power to act out themselves, where discipline is less stringent, and duty less exacting; then we will try you; there

recuperation, perhaps temporal necessity, disposition and no 942 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

special call to work, will try and test you, and yon will become under the temptation cold and indifferent, and the warmth and fatness of devoted missionary life will be but as a pleasant dream.

Next to this nonemployment of the general element of mental and spiritual wealth, is probably the withdrawal of the special faith and prayers of the people; these, it is supposed, are

needed when the father, the son, the husband or the brother is away from home.

Have we not all felt the influence of these continuous personal petitions, when affection, absence, and, mayhap, ambition struggled in the soul for rich expression, when from the family alter, from the Sabbath school, the quorum meeting, the improvement associations, the ward gatherings, were prayers everywhere going up to heaven like the music in the temple at Jerusalem? There was continuous appeal for care, blessing, usefulness

and success upon the dear ones far away. Now they have

returned, and we transfer these individual interests to later workers, and the returned faithful sons of Zion are only mentioned generally or casually, for they are here at home, we see them every day, their goings out and comings in are known to us, the tension is off, the anxiety weakened, the personal name unheard, the general interest in suspense, because their mission is at an end.

But these returned missionaries need continuous encouragement, this special mention now, this abiding faith, these fervent prayers; and when they have these, you will hear less of lapses,

less of neglect, less of indifference.

"Keep the harness on,"as an expression, will then become obsolete, for every man will stand in his own place, with "his sword girt upon his thigh,"to do battle for the Lord God of Israel and for the glorious, heartinspiring cause they learned to love so well when in the fruitful missionary field.

Let unity insist on taking humanity as it is, and for what it is truly worth; there is work in this field for all, and there is room for

all to work; "the signs of the times"are ominious yet propitious,

and the promise is sealed in heaven as on earth, that this absorbing work shall never be overthrown, "neither given unto another people!""Praise ye the Lord!"

EDITOR'S TABLE.

MEANING OF THE WORD OF WISDOM.

BY PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH.

There has been considerable discussion from time to time on \ what is meant by the Word of Wisdom. Like the man who doesn't

enjoy paying tithing, so the man who is loth to observe the Word of Wisdom, is always finding new meanings to the plain word of the law to excuse his shortcomings.

What is meant by hot drinks? This question is being constantly asked of the authorities, and it is often followed by explanations such as indicate that the questioner desires to ease

his conscience of his fondness for drinking tea and coffee. The

latest explanation that has come to my notice is this, that "hot drinks"do not refer to tea and coffee which are not hot in themselves, but refer to really hot drinks, such as pepper, ginger, etc.

That is the "hot drinks"of the Word of Wisdom, according to the latest interpretation. It is needless to say, to those who know my

views, that I consider such an explanation mere subterfuge—nonsense of the rankest kind. In the "hot drinks"of the Word of

Wisdom, tea and coffee are included. I do not stand alone in this

view of the question, and, in order to set the matter at rest, as far as authentic and reliable information is concerned, the following sermon on this subject is reprinted from the Times and Seasons, June 1, 1842. It was delivered in Nauvoo, to a large and attentive

congregation by Patriarch Hyrum Smith, at one time counselor.

944 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

to the Prophet Joseph. I testify that personally I know that the

definition of the Word of Wisdom contained therein is correct, and as understood by the Prophet at that time, and as later defined by President Brigham Young. The discourse delivered by

my father was pronounced in the editor's introduction as 'Very instructive, impressive and salutary,"and I trust that even today it may prove effective in the destruction of false interpretations of the revealed word:

President Hyrum Smith stated that there were many of the commands of God that seemed to be overlooked by this generation, and he was fearful that many of the Latterday Saints in this respect were following their old traditions, and former practices of spiritualizing the word of God, and through a vain philosophy departing from the pure principles of eternal truth which God had given by revelation for the salvation of the human family, but that every word of God is of importance, whether it be the word contained in the Bible, in the Book of Mormon, or in the book of

Doctrine and Covenants, for "man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth from the mouth of God."The

principles that are taught in the Bible are pure, and ought to be adhered to, and if people adhere to that teaching, it will prove their salvation. The principles that are taught in the Book of

Mormon are also pure, and holy and righteous, and will, if followed, lead men to God. And the principles that are taught in the book

of Doctrine and Covenants are from God, they are principles of righteousness, they are given for a blessing to the human family, and the salvation, temporal and spiritual, of his saints; and that

man who wantonly departs from any of the revelations of Jehovah, and treats lightly the word of God, whether contained in the book of Doctrine and Covenants, the Book of Mormon, or the Bible, is void of understanding; he is not wise concerning the doings of the

Lord, the plan of salvation, the past dealings, present designs, or future purposes of the Almighty.

The God of the armies of Israel is a wise God, he comprehended the end from the beginning, and adapted his plans, his designs and teachings to the peculiar wants, the local situation, the exigencies of mankind, and the present and future good of the human family; and everything that he has designed to notice by

EDITOR'S TABLE. 945

way of instruction to the children of men is given by infinite wisdom—by the intelligence of Jehovah, and if obeyed, when his

designs shall be fully unravelled, it will be seen that there was wisdom in it beyond the comprehension of man in his present state.

When God first made man upon the earth he was a different being entirely to what he now is. His body was strong, athletic,

robust and healthy; his days were prolonged upon the earth; he

lived nearly one thousand years; his mind was vigorous and active,

and his intellectual faculties clear and comprehensive. But he has

become degenerated; his life has dwindled to a span; disease preys

upon his system; his body is enervated and feeble; and his mental

and intellectual faculties are impaired and weakened. Man is not

now that dignified, noble, majestic, honorable and mighty being that he was when he first proceeded from the hands of his

Maker.

The Lord has in his wise designs revealed to us his will. He

has made known to us his future purposes. He has told us as

did his ancient prophets that the earth shall be redeemed—that

the curse shall be removed from it—that the wolf and the lamb

lion shall eat straw like the ox;shall lie down together—that the

that they shall not hurt or destroy—that the knowledge of—and

the Lord shall cover the earth as the waters cover the sea—that

man's days shall be as the days of a tree; that he shall live one

thousand jears on the earth. This is the time of restoration of

all things, and it has got to be brought about by the wisdom and power of God, and the wisdom, obedience and faith of man combined.

Everything has become degenerated from what it was in its primitive state. God made man pure, but he has found out many

inventions: his vices have become innumerable and his diseases

multiplied. His taste has become vitiated and his judgment imthat dignified statepaired. He has fallen—fallen—fallen from

that he once occupied on the earth, and it needs a restorative that man has not in his possession, wisdom which is beyond the reach of human intellect, the power which human philosophy, talent and ingenuity cannot control. God only is acquainted with the fountain

of action and the mainsprings of human events. He knows where

946 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

disease is seated and what is the cause of it. He is also acquainted

life. He knowswith the springs of health, the balm of Gilead,—of

what course to pursue to restore mankind to their pristine excellency and primitive vigor and health. He has appointed the Word

of Wisdom as one of the engines to bring about this thing, to remove the beastly appetites, the murderous disposition and the vitiated taste of man; to restore his body to health and vigor, and

promote peace between him and the brute creation. It is one of

the little wheels in God's designs, to help to regulate the great machinery, which shall eventually revolutionize the earth and bring about the restoration of all things, and when they are restored he will plant the tree of life, whose leaves shall be for the healing of the nations.

The Lord has told us what is good for us to eat and to drink, and what is pernicious. But some of our wise philosophers, and

some of our elders, too, pay no regard to it; they think it too little,

too foolish for wise men to regard. Fools! Where is their wisdom, philosophy and intelligence? From whence did they obtain

their superior light? Their capacity and their power of reasoning

was given them by the great Jehovah. If they have any wisdom,

they obtained it from him, and have grown so much wiser than

God that they are going to instruct him in the path of duty, and to tell him what is wise and what is foolish. They think it too

small for him to condescend to tell men what will be nutritious or what will be unhealthful. Who made the corn, the wheat, the

rye, and all the vegetable substances? And who was it that organized man and constituted him as he is found? Who made his

stomach and his digestive organs, and prepared proper nutriment for his system, that the juices of his body might be supplied and his form be invigorated by the kind of food which the laws of nature and the laws of God have said would be good for man? And has

God made his food and provided it for the use of man, and shall he be ashamed to speak of the work of his hands? Has he become

so fantastical, so foolish, so weak and effeminate that it has become impolitic for him to tell what is the best distribution to make of the work of his hands? shame! let it not be heard

among the saints. Let the man who inculcates such principles

hide his face. We are told by some that circumstances alter the

EDITOR'S TABLE. 947

revelations of God! Tell me what circumstance would alter the

ten commandments? They were given by revelation—given as a

law to the children of Israel. Who has a right to alter that law?

Some think that they are too small for God to notice, and we have got so high, so bloated out that we cannot condescend to notice things that God has ordained for our benefit? or have we got so

weak that we are not fit to be called saints? for the Word of Wisdom is adapted to the capacity of all that are or can be called

saints. Listen not to the teachings of any man, or any elder who

says the Word of Wisdom is of no moment, for such a man will eventually be overthrown. These are principles that I have always

acted upon, that I have always practiced, and they are what my family practices. They are what Brother Hyrum has always contended for, and what I now contend for, and I know that nothing

but an unwavering, undeviating course can save a man in the kingdom of God.

The Lord has told us that strong drinks are not good. Who

is it that will say they are, when the Lord says they are not?

That man who says, I can drink wine or strong drink and it will not hurt me, is not wise. Bat some will say, I know that it did

me good, for I was fatigued and feeble on a certain occasion and it revived me, and I was invigorated thereby and that is sufficient proof for me. It may be for you, but it would not be for a wise

man, for every spirit of this kind will only produce a greater languor when its effects cease to operate upon the human body.

But you know that you are benefited. Yes; so does the man who

has mortgaged his property know that he is relieved from his present embarrassments, but his temporary relief only binds the cords of bondage more severely around him. The Lord has not

ordained strong drinks for the belly, but for the washing of the body. And again, tobacco is not for the body, neither for the

belly, and is not good for man, but as an herb for bruises and all sick cattle, to be used with judgment and skill. Tobacco is a

nauseous, stinking, abominable thing, and I am surprised that any human being should think of using it. For an elder especially to

eat or smoke it is a disgrace—he is not fit for the office, he ought

first to learn to keep the Word of Wisdom and then to teach others. God will not prosper the man who uses it. Again, hot

948 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

drinks are not for the body or belly. There are many who wonder

what this can mean, whether it refers to tea or coffee, or not. I

say it does refer to tea and coffee. Why is it that we are so dull

and languid? It is because we break the Word of Wisdom, disease

preys upon our systems, our understandings are darkened, and we do not comprehend the things of God: the devil takes advantage

of us, and we fall into temptation. Not only are they injurious in

their tendency and baneful in their effects, but the importation of foreign products might be the means of thousands of our people being poisoned at a future time through the advantage that an enemy might take of us, if we made use of these things that are spoken of as being evil. And be it remembered that this instruction is given "in consequence of evils that do exist in the hearts of

conspiring men."

"And again, verily I say unto you, all wholesome herbs God hath ordained for the constitution, nature and use of man. Every

herb in the season thereof and every fruit in the season thereof.

All these to be used with prudence and thanksgiving. Yea, flesh

of the beasts and fowls of the air, I the Lord hath ordained for the use of man with thanksgiving. Nevertheless, they should be

used sparingly and it is pleasing unto me that they should not be used only in times of winter, or of cold, or famine. All grain is

ordained for the use of man and of beasts, to be the staff of life, not only for man, but for the beasts of the field and the fowls of heaven, and all wild animals that run or creep on the earth; and

these hath God made for the use of man only in times of famine and excess of hunger."

Let men attend to these instructions; let them use the things

ordained of God; let them be sparing of the life of animals. It is

pleasing, saith the Lord, that flesh be used only in times of winter or times of famine. And why be used in times of famine? Because

all domesticated animals would naturally die, and may as well be made use of by man as not.

"All grain is good for the food of man, as also the fruit of the vine, that which yieldeth fruit, whether in the ground or above the ground. Nevertheless, wheat for man and corn for the ox, and

oats for the horse, and rye for the fowls and for swine, and for all beasts of the field, and barley for all useful animals, and for mild

EDITOR'S TABLE. 949

drinks; as also other grain. And all saints who remember to keep

and do these sayings, walking in obedience to the commandments, shall receive health in their navel, and marrow to their bones and shall find wisdom, and great treasures of knowledge, even hidden treasures; and shall run and not be weary, and shall walk and not

faint; and I the Lord give unto them a promise that the destroying angel shall pass them by as the children of Israel, and not slay

them. Amen."

Let these things be adhered to; let the saints be wise; let us

lay aside our folly and abide by the commandments of God; so

shall we be blessed of the great Jehovah in time and in eternity.

We shall be healthy, strong and vigorous. We shall be enabled to

resist disease, and wisdom will crown our councils; our progeny

will become mighty, and will rise up and call us blessed. The

daughters of Zion will be beautiful, and her sons the joy of the whole earth. We shall prepare ourselves for the purposes of

Jehovah, for the kingdom of God, for the appearence of Jesus in his glory; out of Zion shall come the perfection of beauty. God

will shine; Zion will be exalted and become the praise of the

whole earth.

PRESIDENT WILLIAM McKlNLEY.

On the 19th of September, the departed President William

McKinley's body was laid to rest in the tomb at Canton, his old home in Ohio.

Seventy million souls, in our united nation, shed tears of sorrow, and all the kingdoms of the earth bowed low their heads in sympathy. Never before in the history of this country has a man

died more universally beloved. The North, the South, the East,

the West, as one united whole mourned in sincerest sorrow his untimely taking away.

William McKinley, the obedient youth, the brave patriot, the studious lawyer, the exemplary husband, the great statesman, the

Christian gentleman! His was a great, an ideal life! From youth

to mature manhood, his career is an inspiration for the young men of America. It will grow brighter, too, as the years pass. His

950 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

way led safely and soundly from one honor to another, higher and higher, every trust reposed in him being executed with true and unfaltering discretion, fidelity and integrity. By such course, at

length, in the bloom of a strong manhood, he reached the Presidency, the highest honor that can be bestowed by the greatest and best nation on earth! He stands out first among the few men

of the world who are truly patterns of domestic virtue, and no enemy's reviling could ever cross the threshold of his home. Here

all criticism must cease, and the bitterest enemy turn with words of praise. He loved his country and his home with that imperishable love which is founded in fear of God, patriotism and virtue.

Triumphantly, but conservatively, he led our nation's first steps in its heretofore untrodden road as a worldpower of surpassing greatness; and, on the day before his cruel, cowardly

wounding, stood, a patriot statesman, on the pedestal of eloquent brightoratory, pointing out the peaceful onward course,—his

intellect sweeping aside obstructions, and peering deeply into the vistas of the future, impenetrable to lesser 'minds, until the way to leaders of the years to come seems blazoned with light and easy to travel. His wise words are as a power of strength, clearing the

road of state for the prosperous centuries of freedom and progress for our united country, yet to be.

May we be blest with many such men to follow in this outlined way; to respect right, justice, mercy, liberty, equality, and

the love and fear of God, for in these only is there safety; and

may the dastard hand raised against these in any way, falter and wither, and'be driven from our land! Then shall we all join in our

lamented, but ever living President's song, "Nearer my God to

Thee;"and, with him, be able in all things to exclaim: "It is God's

way; his will be done."

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.

Withdrawals from The Church.

An elder presiding over a mission asks this question:

Does a notification of withdrawal from The Church warrant us in striking a person's name from the records, or is some action or cause necessary?

EDITOR'S TABLE. 951

In such a case, the person making the request to be severed from The Church, should be kindly labored with, the object being to try and have him change his mind, or induce him to repent of so dreadful a step. Then, if success crowns such effort and you

succeed in arousing a spirit of repentance in him, he may be saved.

If, however, he continues determined to withdraw from The

Church, and no reasonable effort proves sufficient to induce him to change his mind, then a formal action should be instituted against him, in the regularly provided way, with a view to excommunication for apostasy. No action should be taken against any one else in

the family except those who personally demand a severance from

The Church. Let the names of the children remain as long as

there may be any hope of their repentance, or of a desire on their part to renew their fellowship with the people of God. This proceeding applies in organized wards as well as in missions.

CLOSE OF VOLUME IV.

This number of the Era closes the fourth volume. The General Board are very much encouraged with the prospects for the

coming year. Already large numbers have applied for renewals of

their subscriptions, and we trust these orders will be supplemented by one of the largest subscription lists that has ever heretofore been given to our magazine. We invite those who have stood by

us in the past to still continue on our lists, and trust that many new readers may be added. A reference to the prospectus for

volume V, in this number, will clearly demonstrate that the Era offers to its subscribers full value for their money. Presidents

and other officers of associations should take the matter of canvassing their various wards and stakes in hand early so that this work may be attended to without delay. Grateful to the officers

of the Y. M. M. I. A. for the past assistance which they have rendered, and asking their loyal support for the future, we close this

volume with thanks to the Almighty that the Era has been made an instrument for good, been of benefit to The Church, and a means for the religious, moral and educational advancement of the young people of Zion in all the world.

NOTES.

That which we acquire with most difficulty we retain the longest.

Colton.

True dignity is never gained by place, and never lost when honors are withdrawn. Messinger.

"Life's greatest art, learned through its hardest knocks,

Is to make steppingstones of stumbling blocks."

To admire what is admirable, to adore what is adorable, to follow what is noble, to remember any such examples that have crossed our earthly pilgrimage, that have brightened its darkness and cheered its dullness—this keeps alive before us the ideal of human nature and the

essence of the divine nature. The good thoughts, the good deeds, the

good memories of those who have been the salt and the light of the live on still; and thoseearth do not perish with their departure—they

who have wrought them live in them. A. P. Stanley.

Shun the very beginnings of evil. Refuse to keep company with

those who tell the questionable story and who speak slightingly of that which is pure and innocent. Avoid such men as you would the pestilence.

No matter if they seem good in other respects. As a chemist can tell

from one drop of blood that there is poison in the veins, as a chip will tell you the current of a stream, so in these beginnings there are the seeds of disease which will surely end in failure and moral death. Beware of harboring impure thoughts for they are like the spark in the

hold of a ship; it will work its way right and left until there is a bed of

fire under your feet, and destruction is at hand. S. B. Capen.

Two thirsty travelers chanced one day to meet

Where a spring bubbled from the burning sand;

One drank out of the hollow of his hand,

And found the water very cool and sweet.

The other waited for a smith to beat

And fashion for his use a golden cup;

And while he waited, fainting in the heat,

The sunshine came and drank the fountain up!

Alice Cary. )

IN LIGHTER MOOD.

Truth lies in a well. This is because there are no fish stories connected with well water. New Orleans Picayune.

King Edward's coronation, which will be the most brilliant ever known, differs from our inauguration. A coronation marks a change of

reign, while rain with very little change generally marks an inauguration.

We are willing to take a certain amount of stock in newspaper accounts of western cyclones, but when an Arkansas paper telling us about a zephyr carrying a bed quilt sixtyone miles, and then went back for the sheet, we ain't there. Boston Globe.

A man at a hotel fell the whole length of a flight of stairs. Servants rushed to pick him up. They asked him if he was hurt. "No,"

he replied: "not at all. I'm used to coming down that way. I am a life

insurance agent."Boston Post.

Congressman "Joe"Cannon, of Illinois, is a man of strong likes and dislikes, and never does anything by halves. In the list of his likings,

so far as culinary matters are concerned, his fondness for green corn takes first rank, and on this score he tells a good story at his own expense. After a long sojourn in Washington, he returned home and

started out to look after his political fences in his district. At a small

village hotel, where he stopped for dinner, a scanty plate of fine roasting ears was placed before him as a side dish. Immediately he abandoned the main billof-fare and applied himself exclusively to the green

corn. When the plate was depleted he called for more roasting ears,

and continued his feast until he had made his entire meal from the staple product of the Illinois prairies. The hotel keeper noticed the array of

cobs stacked upon the plate of the tall politician, whose identity was unknown to him, and said: "Say, stranger, what in thunder do you want

to board at a hotel for? The place for you to put up at is a livery

stable. Don't you know green fodder is a dum sight cheaper in a barn

than in a house?"During the remainder of the campaign Congressit toman Cannon retailed this story to his constituents—and turned

good account among the corn growers. Philadelphia Post.

OUR WORK.

GETTING STARTED RIGHT.

Elder Frank Y. Taylor addressed the late June conference on this

subject. In his remarks he emphasized the importance of getting the

mutual improvement work right before the young men in the beginning of the season, and cited the case of one stake in which the superintendency, prior to the opening of the season, invited all the ward officers to a sociable, where refreshments were served, pleasing exercises rendered, and instructions given touching the season's work; and the ward

officers were advised to have similar gatherings in each of the wards, and outline to the people in the ward what they expected to do during the season, and urging all to get ready to start the season on time.

Especially were those to be invited who had not manifested any interest in the work, and they were to be taken by the hand and encouraged to attend the associations. In this way a spirit of enthusiasm might be

aroused in the wards, and additional interest created in mutual improvement work.

He urged the officers to lead out themselves and set a good example.

The superintendent sould be at the meeting before anyone else, and when the boys came in, he should take them by the hand and welcome them.

When strangers come in, they should be welcomed and made to feel quite at home. Many association presidents are too cold to the boys.

They come into the meeting hurriedly, and without grasping anybody by the hand, they take their seats and proceed to open the meeting. This

should not be. They should make friends with the boysNot only

should they shake hands with the members in the meeting, but they should stop and shake hands with them on the street when they meet, and thus show an interest in them.

He advised the officers to keep before the people the mutual imOUR WORK. 955

provement work; to have the fire continually burning, and to be united

in carrying out the plans that have been adopted. It is important that

the ward president should remember the bishopric and get close to them.

A special effort should be made to bring the careless and indifferent into the associations. We should reach out after the wayward, and,

overlooking the past, we should present before them the sunshine of the future. There is supreme joy in laboring with wayward boys, and seeing them converted to the value of mutual improvement work.

SACREDNESS OF THE NAME OF GOD.

There is no denying the fact that among many young people, the name of Deity is not held in such resDect and treated with such sacredness as it should be. Our Manual, this season, treats of God, and it is a

fitting time for our officers to impress the young men with reverence for his holy name. It should not be taken in vain. It is a sin that will

not go unpunished to lightly take his name in vain: and the Lord will

not hold him guiltless who commits this sin. At a recent meeting of

the General Board, the following resolution was unanimously passed, which we trust will be taken up and adopted by all the associations in

The Church, and be made the special labor and battle cry for the year:

Resolved, that all M. I. A. officers and members shall make special

effort this season to inculcate a reverence for the Deity, and labor against the sins of blasphemy and profanity.

In this Connection officers should remember the timely instructions delivered at the June conference by Elder B. H. Roberts, on the treatment of this subject in connection with our lessons. His remarks

follow: all theologWe are treating in this Manual the most stupendous of ical questions—we are dealing with the Godhead: and I am particularly

pleased that the younger members of the associations, perhaps, will not be required to undertake the handling of that subject. I do not know

how it occurs to the minds of other brethren, but to get that subject rightly into the minds of our young men requires a great deal of tact and care, and we should approach the study of that subject with a profound reverence for our Father in heaven. There have been made

known unto The Church, through the revelations of the Lord to the 956 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Prophet Joseph Smith, some very glorious truths concerning the Godhead, and those truths have been, I may say, crystallized into a very happy expression by President Lorenzo Snow, years ago, viz., that as

man now is, God once was, as God now is, man may be. The Prophet

Joseph proclaimed the great fact that God was an exalted man. And

that is very easy of demonstration, too; it does not need so very much

argument to establish that fact, at least to the minds of those who believe in Christ, and not only who believe in Christ, but who believe

Christ. If the sectarians were to question this great doctrine, we could

easily settle their contention about it by asking this question: "Is Jesus

Christ God?"They are bound to answer that in the affirmative. Then,

"Was Jesus Christ a man?""Certainly he was.""And is he exalted?'*

Christ is an"Why, yes."Then there is just the one conclusion—since Jesus

exalted man, God is an exalted man. You can come to no other conclusion. You can easily stop the noise of the sectarian world on that

question. But the point I wanted to get at is, that we are apt to speak

of the Godhead too glibly. In treating this subject, it necessarily involves the frequent repetition of the name of Deity, and our young men

are apt to not refer to it with sufficient reverence. The lesson I am

anxious to impress upon you is, that you use extreme care, and urge upon the officers of your associations to use like care in keeping up our reverence for the name of Deity. You remember that the saints in

ancient times were so anxious about this question that they changed the name of the Priesthood in order to avoid the too frequent repetition of the Lord's name; and the Lord doubtless inspired their action. Now, if

such a holy association as naming the Deity in connection with the

Priesthood involved a change of name, to avoid the repetition of the name of Deity, I think that in our study of the Godhead and faith in

God, we canot be too careful to impress upon our young men the idea of reverence for the name of Deity. I would like to see our study of this

great question characterized by a due reverence for the name. Because

we have learned that the Lord is really an exalted man, we ought net to allow that fact to take from our minds the idea of reverence for him.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH.

BY THOMAS HULL, GENERAL SECRETARY OP Y. M. M. I. A.

Local—August 19—A heavy rainstorm visits Utah, especially Salt

Lake City and Ogden, Price and other eastern parts 20

Elizabeth Burns Ramsey, born England, March 20, 1823, a member of the21—Inhandcart1900, companythere werein 1856,3079 personsdied in Richfield,who died Sevierin Utah;County1821 males,

1258 females; the death rate in Salt Lake City was 16 per thousand.

A seat in the Salt Lake Stock Exchange sold for $750

Fifteen hundred people listened to the organ recital in the Tabernacle by

Prof. Wm. Stansfield, Philadelphia 22—The Short Line has

laid 76 miles of track towards Los Angeles so far this year

Zina D. H. Young was stricken ill while visiting with her daughter,

Mrs. C. O. Card, in Canada 25—Helen Copley Wilson, bornVirginia, October 25, 1822, died in Payson, Utah Co 26—Zina

D. H. Young reaches Salt Lake in a crital condition The Hyrum

Stake organization was completed by the selection of Geo. 0. Pitkin

and I. C. Thoresen as counselors to President Parkinson Isaac

Rogers, a pioneer of 1847, died in Salt Lake City Farmers and canal owners of Salt Lake, at a meeting decide to divert the waters is announced that fortyof the Weber into Utah Lake 27—It

million dollars will be spent in improving the Southern Pacific Ry. That

amount was appropriated by the Union Pacific for such purpose 28—George Shaffer Clark, born Ohio, Nov. 7, 1816, member of the Mormon Battalion, died in Pleasant Grove Zina D. H. Young, born

Watertown, N. Y., Jan. 31, 1821, passed peacefully away. All knew

her as a loved leader among the people for many years 29

Rev. Geo. H. Reese, new pastor of the Iliff church, arrived from Montana.

The Box Elder proposition to extend the Bear River Canal to Willard is accepted by the Utah Sugar Co 30—There

were heavy rains throughout eastern Utah 31—The Utah

mining dividends for August were $294,000; stock sales for the month,

2,368,146 shares for $2,135,873.99; ore and bullion settlements, $2,105,-

670; ore reduced by smelters. 35,900 tons.

services over the remains of "Aunt Zina"September 1—Funeral

Young were held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, tributes to her memory being given by President Lorenzo Snow, Jane S. Richards, Emmeline B.

Wells, Dr. Seymour B. Young, John Nicholson, and others

958 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Police Judge John B. Timmony, elected in 1897, and 1899, born Pittsburgh, Pa., Nov. 30, 1845, died suddenly in Pine Canyon

Robert Graham, counselor to the Bishop of Eden, Weber County, was accidentally killed by a stray bullet from a pistol fired in the air by

Hyrum Carver 2—Labor day was generally observed as a

holiday 3—The National Guard of Utah begins an eightday encampment at Lagoon, Brig.-Gen. John Q. Cannon, in command;

400 members are present, and their camp is named Lawton

Chris B. Diehl succeeds J. B. Timmony as police magistrate

4—The Ogden and Salt Lake ball teams decide to play 25 games for a

purse5—TheofBaptist$500, 14association,in Salt Lakein conventionand 11 in Ogden,atProvo,to proclaimclose Oct.the13 growth

of polygamy and resolve to ask Congress for an antipolygamy amendfire destroys the old Rapid Transitment 6—A $50,000

power plant in Salt Lake City 7—Governor Wells reviews

the N. G. U. at Camp Lawton A. J. Bohn, born Denmark,

1825, came to Utah 1854, died in Beaver, Utah 8—At the

quarterly conference in Salt Lake City, fervent prayers were offered for the preservation of the life of President McKinley, and tributes to his life and character were given by Prest. Lorenzo Snow and Apostle Clawfire early this morning destroyed theson 10—A disastrous

Oregon Short Line building in Salt Lake; the loss to the railroad and

store owners aggregates over $200,000 E. L. Thompson, Logan,

purchased a stock exchange seat in Salt Lake for $850 Bishop of theWm. D. Robinson of American Fork, died 12—Out

total population of 276,749 in Utah, 141,637 are males and 135,062 are females 15—Governor Wells issues a proclamation setting

apart Thursday, September 19, as a day of mourning for our martyred

President Wm. McKinley President Lorenzo Snow sent the

following telegram:

of Jesus Mrs. William McKinley:—The Church

Christ of Latterday Saints most sincerely condoles with you and our nation in the sore bereavement and in the great loss sustained in the death of our beloved friend and President. Lorenzo Snow.

17—Hon. David H. Peery, born Tazewell Co., Va., May 16, 1824, a distinguishedDomestic—Augustand respected19—ItcitizenisofgenerallyUtah, diedconcededsuddenlythatintheOgden.steel strike

will fail; several of the mills are now at work 20—An

epidemic of negro burning and killing sweeps the South; at Pierce City,

Mo., three were killed, while in Texas and other parts several have recently been burned at the stake 22—The steel men succeed in starting several more plants 24—A severe wind

and rainstorm sweeps over New York and Jersey cities, doing great damage Treasury officials arrest immigration officials at

Nogales, Arizona, who are charged with smuggling Chinese into the less than 1,000United States from Mexico 25—There are

soldiers in Manila, and it is decided to increase the number by four companies of infantry 27—The Knights Templar parade in

Louisville, Ky., is witnessed by 300,000 people The Ameri-

A

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 959

can Tin Plate30—TheCo. announcesLabor thatWorld,it hasand cutinfluentialloose fromorganUnionof laborlabor

unions, calls for the impeachment of President Shaffer for calling the present strike, giving twentyfour reasons why.

September 1—A cloudburst in Cleveland, Ohio, damages property

amounting to one million dollars The program for the

President's visit at the PanAmerican Exposition in Buffalo, is perfected and announced 4—The President arrived at Buffalo and was

welcomed by thousands 5—President McKinley delivered a

magnificent speech at the Buffalo Exposition, declaring for construction of Isthmian canal and Pacific cable, and that the merchant marine must be encouraged "Columbia"is chosen to defend the

America's cup 6—While holding a public reception at the

Temple of Music, PanAmerican grounds, Buffalo, N. Y., President

William McKinley was shot twice by Leon Czolgosz, a Polish anarchist, born in Detroit, Mich. The cowardly assassin approached the President

with a pistol in his right hand covered by a white handkerchief, stretched out his left, as if to greet the executive, and fired as the President was about to shake his hand. One shot struck in the right breast and

wound is not dangerous; the other pierced the abdomen. Great sorrow

and excitement prevails 7—The President rested well and

physicians declare he will recover; messages of sympathy come from

every part of our Republic and from the whole world 8

Strong hopes are entertained that the President will recover 9—

general opinion prevails that President McKinley will recover The

G. A. R. encampment opens in Cleveland There is no change

in the steel strike situation 10—Emma Goldman, the anarchist leader, is arrested and imprisoned in Chicago 11

Czolgosz, the assassin, confesses to the Buffalo police that there was a conspiracy to murder the President 12—The Schley court

of inquiry met and decided that Rear Admiral Howison is disqualified to act; the navy department will designate another officer...

There was a change for the worse in the President's condition, and the physicians announce that his case is very serious. The nation is greatly

startled, as it was generally believed he was out of danger 13—President McKinley died at 2:15 a. m. at the Melburn house, Buffalo, New York, death resulting from gangrene which affected the stomach

around the bullet wounds. His last words were: "Goodby all, goodby.

If it is God's way, his will be done"14—President Theodore Roosevelt, 26th president of the United States, took the oath of

office, at Buffalo, at 3:30 p. m., it being administered by Judge John P.

Hazel, of the U. S. District Court. He deliberately said to those present: "In this hour of deep and terrible national bereavement I wish to

state that it shall be mv aim to continue absolutely without variance the policy of President McKinley for the peace and prosperity and honor of our beloved country."An autopsy was held on the body

of the dead President, and it was officially announced that gangrene caused death The steel strike which began June 30th, by agreement, ended today, and the men will return to work on Monday, 16th Flags are at half mast over the whole world as a token 960 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of grief over the death of our beloved President, and telegrams of sympathy come from all quarters 15—Brief funeral services

were held at Melburn house over the body of President McKinley, and 80,000 people viewed the remains at Buffalo. In all the churches of the

land, tributes were paid to his character and worth The Elks'carnival has been postponed till Friday, 20th 16—Half a

million people pay tribute to our martyred President as the train bearing his body passes from Buffalo to Washington 17—At

Washington, with state ceremony, the nation pays its tribute of love to the memory of its dead President, services being held in the Capitol

President Roosevelt requests the old cabinet officers to remain during his term There is serious alarm over the

to the nonsettlement of the disputedconditionForeign—Augustof Mrs. McKinley.21—Owing

French quays claims, France notifies the sultan of Turkey that all dipto Turkey has submitted an ultimatum tolomatic23—TherelationsFrench embassadorbetween the two countries are broken off

the sultan 25—A telegram from Vienna declares that

Matthew Hackey, a "Mormon"missionary, was arrested for seeking to

officers and sixty men captured bymake26—Lordconverts,Kitchenerand willreportsbe expelledthree from Teinesvar, Hungary

Constans, the FrenchBoers north of Ladybrand 27—M.

embassador, departs from Constantinople, and diplomatic relations are

J. Grant and party,broken with Turkey 28—Apostle Heber

having just arrived in Japan, are refused accommodations at a boarding house in Yokohama, an incident that will redound greatly in their favor among the tolerant and hospitable Japanese is 31—Quiet

now reigning on the Isthmus of Panama.

September 2—The Turkish embassador to France, Murier Bey, has

been expelled from the Republic 4—The Chinese mission of

expiation, headed by Prince Chun, fulfills its mission by appearing before Emperor William in Berlin, asking pardon for the murder of Baron

Von Ketteler 5—Colombia has been invaded by an armed

is bombarded by Venezuforce form Ecuador 7—Rio Hacha

elan warships France is taking every precaution to protect flagthe czar on his intended visit to the republic 14—The

at Westminster Abbey was lowered to half mast on the news of President McKinley's death reaching England; the German emperor ordered

his fleet to half mast the German flag and run the Stars and Stripes to the main tops; President Diaz, of Mexico, ordered the celebration of his

birthday not to be held because of our Republic's loss, and from every foreign power comes messages of love for the dead, and sympathy for the great Republic.

foooosjjoo namo 6oor Ma r/oAgs

Improvement Era

ORGAN OF

YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS.

VOLUME FOUR.

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

"What you young people want, is a magazine that will make a hook to he hound and kept, with something in it worth keeping."President John Taylor.

EDITED BY

JOSEPH F. SMITH AND EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

HEBER J. GRANT AND THOMAS HTTI/L, MANAGERS.

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH.

19001901.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

JrZ&oo* Soofi fy t,* a foot/ nam. - t, ar Ma cA.s

Improvement Era

ORGAN OF

YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS.

VOLUME FOUR.

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

"What you young people want, is a magazine that will make a hook to he bound and kept, with something in it worth keeping."President John Taylor.

EDITED BY

JOSEPH F. SMITH AND EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

HEBER J. GRANT AND THOMAS HULL, MANAGERS.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

19001901.

The Glory of God is Intelligence.

Improvement Era, Vol. IV.

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE. PAG*.

About Secret Societies 58 Business Value of PromptAchievements of the Nineness 452 teenth Century 215 Cry for Practical Men, The 493

Aguinaldo Captured 542 F01 tune may Prove a Curse,

Algoma Central Railroad, The 450 A V 31

American Equality 109 Getting Hold of One's Self... 32

Angel of the Tenement, The... 835 He was the Son of God 108

Annual Conference and ReHumanity of the Age, The... no

ports, The 554 Let the Sunlight in 32

Another Bonanza in California 387 Listen to the Inward Voice 109

Assassination of President Mistake in Farming, A 30

McKinley 922 Napoleon's Estimate 30

Astronomical Suggestions, Social Handicaps 495

Some 658 True Culture 495 Atheistical Inconsistencies 120 Christmas 101

Australian Federation, The 128 Circulation ofMatter in Nature,

Authority and Records go The 664

Hand in Hand 591 Class Methods 313

Avoid "Old Abe"864 Coal Miner's Strike, The 41

Axtell, Gov. Samuel B 481 Cogitation 24

Comforter, The 106 Baptism of John, The 548 Commandment for the Young

Beauty and Harmony in Orto Remember, A 171 ganic Creations 118 Comparison, A 299

Bernard Palissy 847 Conferring the Aaronic PriestBide Your Time 353 hood 394

Billion Dollar Steel Company, Conference, Annual 706, 712, 786

The 54i Conjoint Meetings and SumBirth and Death of Martin mer Conferences 553

Harris 7 IQ Content 225 Boating on the Colorado 507 Convention, Stake 793

Bodies with the Papyrus of the Conventions, Annual 870

Book of Abraham 548 Correct Estimation of Values,

Book of the Daw of the Lord, A 724

The 396 Cost of Education, The 212

BonkMention 59 Cry for Practical Men, The... 493

Brigham Young and his CenCuba 540 tury 6a4 Cuban Committee, The 620

Cumming, Gov. Alfred 81

Call for Missionaries, A 632 Curtain has Arisen for the

Canada and the United States 778 Closing Act, The 170Capital Punishment—Viewed

from a Scriptural Standpoint 354 Dawson, Gov. John W 221

Cardinal Sin, A 752 Death of exPresident HarriCarnegie's Gift 542 son The 535

Century's Brightest Star, The 173 Death of Three Notable PerCentennial Celebration 210 sons, Le Conte, Fiske, and

Cheerfulness 812 Empress Fredrick of GerChemistry of Digestion, The... 564 many 859

Childish Wisdom 3s Diaz, Gen. Porfirio 433

China's Troubles 622 Diaz, A Sketch of Prest 469

Choice Selections: Did Jesus Baptize? 709

American Equality 109 Died in the Field 266

IV INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE. PAGE.

Dispensation of Abraham 656 on Earth 58

Distinction between the Keys Wording of the Lord's of the Priesthood and the Prayer 306

Priesthood 230 Avoid "Old Abe"864

Doing One's Best 768 Book Mention:

Do Counselors go Out of Office Great Salt Lake, Past and with Presidents? 316, 474 Present, The 60

Do not be Neutral or LukeMarcus King, Mormon... 59

warm 585 Rise and Fall of Nauvoo,

Door Into the Church, The 51 The 60

Doty, Gov. James D, 241 Sunday School Jubilee

Dream Explained, A 583 History 230

Durkee, Governor 241 Women of the Bible, The 149

Brigham Young and his CenEditor's Table: tury 624

Annual Conference 706 Close of Volume IV 951

Answers to Questions: Cannon, Prest. Geo. Q 545

About Secret Societies 58 Doorinto the Church, The... 51

Baptism of John, The 548 Greeting to the World 301

Birth and Death of Martin Habit Builds the Bridge 781

Harris 710 Borne Building 389 Bodies with the Papyrus It was not a Failure 629 of the Book of Abraham 548 Lucy Smith's History ot the

Book of the Law of the Prophet 866

Lord, The 396 Maeser, Dr. Karl G 392

Conferring the Aaronic McKinley, President WilPriesthood 394 liam 949

Did Jesus Baptize? 709 Missionary Work 470

Distinction between the Our Report and Our Mission 862

Keys of the Priesthood Remarkable Discoveries at and the Priesthood 239 Nippur 54

Form of Baptism, The 549 Sketch of Prest. Diaz, A 469

Form of Confirmation 56 Sunday School Convention,

Fulfillment of Prophecy... 548 The Second 146

Has Man Seen God? 57 Talmage's Lecture in DenHow Shall we Pray? 710 ver, Dr 469

Kingdom of God, The 395 Their Religion is at the

Personality of the GodBottom of it 779 head 228 Was the Young Man JustiPresident's Cabinet, The 307 fied? 226

Prophecy of the Civil War 547 What About the Home? 304

Right of Succession 783 Word of Wisdom, Meaning

Sentence of Bresci, The... 57 of the 943

Short Sessions of Congress 1*48 Zion's Teacher 393

Unauthorized AdministraEdward VII 382

Elders Education, The 215 tion—Symbolisms 148 Was there a Difference BeEmery, Gov. George W 561

tween the Baptism of English Finances 621

Jesus and John? 799 Era and the General Fund, The 555 When was Brigham Youog Evarts, William M 537

Sustained President of Events of the Month 77, 157, the Church? 549 236, 3*7397> 478, 556, 636,

Why were the Disciples of 717, 798, 877, 957

John at Ephesus, ReExpansion of the Gospel and

Baptized? 710 Dawn of the Millennium 169

Withdrawals from the Church 950 Farewell Address of Apostle

Witnesses in Heaven and Heber J. Grant 638

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE.

Farewell Reception, A 795 Hazing 385

Favorite Proverbs of the ChiHe was the Son of God 108 nese 544 Home Building 389 StartFear of Materialism, The 172 How a Shiftless Bov."was

Fighting the Elements 43 ed 575

Finding of Olga, The 280, 326.,How Shall we Pray? 710

Folly of Astrology, The 289 'How to Conduct Recitations... 315

Food of Man, The 769 How, When, and Why we

Form of Baptism, The 549 Tithed 35

Form of Confirmation 56 Huguenot, The 405

Fortune may Prove a Curse, A 31 Humble Confessions 919

From California 634 Humility with Power 513

Fulfillment of a Prophecy 548 Humanity of the Age, The no

Fuller, Frank 221 Immortality of Man 742 Inauguration of President McGenius 445 Kinley 448Germany and the Monroe Incident in the Life of PresiDoctrine 702 dent Brigham Young, An 572Getting Hold of One's Self 32 Innian Episode of Early Days 484

Getting Started Right 954 Infant Baptism and the SacraGibson, Walter Murray 5, 86 ment 96, 247

Gifts and Giving 277 In Ligter Mood...63, 152, 233,

God and Nature 183 3io.473. 552,785. 953

Going Out and Coming In 33 In Memoriam 522

Good Opportunity in Yourself, "In Stonewall's Ko"815

The 5 27 In the Hawaiian Islands 635

Governors of Utah, The It Isn't the Thing you do 60T

Axtell, Samuel B 481 It was Not a Failure 629

Close of the Sketches—Ac- I Wish You Well 803

knowledgments 881 Cumming, Alfred 81 Japan, The New 929 221 Dawson, John W Joy of a Letter, The 213 Doty, James D 241

Durkee, Charles 241 "Keeping the Harness on"939 Emery, George W 561 Kingdom of God, The 395, 523

Fuller Frank 221 Krnger in France, President.... 206

Harding, Stephen S.... 241 Kruger in Germany 207 Murray, Eli H 641

Shaffer, J. Wilson 321 Language Culture 189

Thomas, Arthur L 801 Laudable Labor, A 633

Vaughn, Vernon H 401 Learning to Let Go 574 West, Caleb W 7 21 Lesson from the Events of the

Woods, George L 49 1 Century, A 217

Young, Brigham 1 Let the Sunlight in 32

Great Salt Lake; Present and Letter to the Queen of England 883

Past, The 60 Letters from Missionaries:

Greater Works Than These Do not be Neutral or LukeSnail he do J67 warm 585

Great Steel Strike, The 857 Dream Explained, A 583

Greeting to the World 301 Remarkable Case of Healing 588

Habit Builds the Bridge 781 Liebig and Lawes 196

Habits Form a Lasting Cloak.. 534 Life and After 834

Hall of Fame, The 126 Listen to the Inward Voice 109

Harding, Gov. Stephen S 241 Look to the Future with HopeHas Man Seen God? 57 ful Hearts 216

Have You Met the Gentleman? 346 Lucy Smith's History of the

Have You Forgotten? 858 Prophet 866

r

VI INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE. PAGK.

Maeser, Dr. Karl G 392, 515 Mutual Improvement AssociaMarcus King, Mormon 59 tions in England 794

Marshall, John 384 Mutual Improvement Revivals

Manual Training Schools 44 in Sanpete 64

McKinley, President William 948 My Spirit Shall not Always

Meeting of the Centuries, The 16 Strive with Man 676

Achievements of the NineMy Work 90J teenth Century 215 Century 's Brightest Star, Nameless Saints, The 89 The,. 173

Commandment for the Napoleon's Estimate 30 Navigating 45 to Remember, Young of Faith A. 171 Need the Dead—WhereSea it Curtain Arisen for the has should be Centered, The 418 Closing Act, The 170 New Member of the Board.... 477 Elder's Education, The... 215 New Stakes and SuperintendExpansion of the Gospel

and Dawn of the Milents 476 New Year's Reception at the lenium 169 White House 296 Fear of Materialism, The.. 172 Next Manual, The 554 "Greater Works than Nineteenth Century, The 162

These Shall He Do"167 Notes... 61, 150, 331, 308, 396, Lesson from the Events of

this Century, A 217 47i 550 631, 711, 783, 866, 952 Now 246 Look to the Future with

Hopeful Hearts 216 Nineteenth Century, The 162 Officers, Notice This 477

Ninel eenth and Twentieth Oil Boom in Texas, The 777—The Seed Time and Old and the New, The 175

Harvest, The 168 One of Aristotle's Elements... 131

Old and the New, The 175 On Reading 813

Out of Hatred and War Other Side, The 39 shall come Love and Out of Hatred and War shall

Union 219 come Love and Union 219

Prospects of Sanctified Our Report and Our Mission... 861

Existence [74 Our Work:

Schools and Teachers of Annual Conference of the the New Century, The... 214 M. I. A., The 712, 786

Some Advice to the Youth Annual Conventions 870 of Zion 174 Call for Missionaries, A 632

There is Pleasure in LivClass Methods 313 ing 171 Conjoint Meetings and SumVirtue Exalts the Race 166 mer Conferences 553

What of the Future—1900Do Counselors go out of

1901: 164 Office with Presidents?. 316, 474

What Truth Did for Love 214 Era and the General Fund,

World is Growing Better, The 553

The 219 Farewell Reception, A 795

Years and Centuries 169 From California 634

Mercy 900'General Officers'Meeting, A

Methods of Conducting Reci-—Annual Conference and

tations 154 Reports, The 554 Missionary Experience ReGetting Started Right 954 called by the Death of Queen How to Conduct RecitaVictoria 363 tions 315

Missionary's Wife, The 177 In the Hawaiians Islands 635

Missionary Work 470, 554 Laudable Labor, A 633

Mistake in Farming, A 30 Missionary Work 554

Murray, Governor Eli H 641 Methods of Conducting

Music 252 Recitations 154 INDEX TO SUBJECTS. vtt

PAGE. PAGE.

Mutual Improvement AsMaeser, Dr. Karl G 515

sociations in England 794 Mercy 900

Mutual Improvement ReMy Work 904 vivals in Sanpete 64 Nameless Saints, The 589

New Member of the Now 246 Board 477 Ode to God 913 New Stakes and SuperinPraise Too Dearly Loved 483 tendents 476 Pure Thoughts 367

Next Manual, The 554 Recompense, The 269

Officers, Notice this 477 Resolve 491

Philadelphia M. I. A.,The... 634 Saved by the Gulls 671

Progressive Association Scatter Sunshine 582

Workers, For 155 Steady and Stick do the

Prospects and Labors in Trick 404

St. George 234 Students'Parting Song to

Questions for Officers 633 Dr. Karl G. Maeser 377

Sacredness of the Name of Sunny Side, The 751

God 955 Take Heart 29 Special Conference MeetThe Missionary's Wife 177 ing 69 Thought, A Road to HapStake Conventions.. 793 piness 748

Suggestions on Class Work 74 Time and Eternity 4

Systematic Canvass for To a Mother 279

Subscribers, A 72 Tribute, A 259

Voice from a Volunteer, A... 153 True Nobility 623

Weekly Officers'Meetings Two Awakenings, The 764 and Preparation Classes 66 Vision, A 458

Why the Era should be What Part is Thine? 512

Sustained 73 What the Saints Stand For 682

Work in London, The 635 Widowed 438

Worth the While 100 Palmer, General 45 Zion's Teacher 393

Park, Dr. John R 47 Political Checker Board, The 704

Persecution the Heritage of Political Wedge, A 699 the Saints 643 Praise Too Dearly Loved 482

Personality of the Godhead 228 Predestination, ForeordinaPhiladelphia M. I. A., The. 634 tion, Election and Free

Philosophy of Mormonism, Agency 931

The 459. 497 Preliminary Program Selections:

Physical Evidences of the DiFrom the Cotter's Saturday vine Mission of the ProphNight 916 et Joseph Smith 253 Little Boy Blue 918

Poetry: Ode to God 9:3

Bide Your Time 353 President's Cabinet, The 307 Childish Wisdom 38 Priesthood—What is it? Its

Comforter, The 106 Restoration 804

Content 225 Priesthood 14 Died in the Field 266 Profitable Recreation, A 749

Doing One's Best 768 Prophecy Asserts, History

From the Cotter's Saturday Affirms, What 895

Night 91 6 Prosperity of the United States 774

Genius 445 Prospects and Labors in St.

God and Nature 186 George 234 Going Out and Coming In 33 Prospects of Sanctified ExistIt Isn't the Thing You Do... 601 ence 174

In Memoriam 522 Progressive Association Work-

I Wish You Well 803 ers, For... 156

Joy of a Letter, The 213 Progress of the Boer War 125

Little Boy Blue 918 Prophecy of the Civil War 547 A

17111 INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE. PAGE.

Pure Thoughts 367 Death of Three Notable PerConte, Fiske andQueen of England, Letter to sons—Le Empress Frederick of Gerthe 883 many 859 VictoriaQueen 378 Death of exPresident HarriQuestions for Officers 633 son, The 535

Recompense, The 269 Edward VII 382

Relief of the Legations in PeEnglish Finances 621 kin—The Other Side 452 Evarts, William M 537

Religious Revival, A 368 Fighting the Elements 43

Remarkable Discoveries at General Palmer 45

Nippur 54 Germany and the Monroe

Remarkable Case of Healing.. 588 Doctrine 702

Resolve 491 Great Steel Strike, The 857

Retribution 446 Hall of Fame, The 126

Right of Succession 783 Hazing 385

Rise and Fall of Nauvoo, The 60 Inauguration of President

Royalty in Great Britain 45 McKinley 448

Russia and Manchuria 538 Japan, The New 929

Kruger in Germany, PresiSabbath and its Observance, dent 207

The 528 Kruger in France 206 Sacredness of the Name of God 955 Manual Training Schools 44

Saved by the Gulls 671 Marshall, John 384

Scatter Sunshine 582 Navigating the Dead Sea 45

Schools and Teachers of the New Year's Reception at the

New Century, The 214 White House 296

Science and Religion 912 Oil Boom in Texas, The 777

Sentence of Bresci, The 57 Other Side, The 39

Shaffer, Gov. J. Wilson 321 Political Checker Board, The 704

Shipwrecked Life, A,—Political Wedge, A 699

"Mormon Story"261 Progress of the Boer War 125

Short Sessions of Congress 148 Prosperity of the United

Situation in China 123 States 774

Social Handicaps 493 Queen Victoria 378

Some Advice to the Youth of Relief of the Legations in

Zion 174 Pekin, The Other Side 452

Some Leading Events in the Royalty in Great Britain 451

Current Story of the World: Russia and Manchuria 538

Aguinaldo Captured 542 Situation in China 123

Algoma Central Railroad, Steel Strike, The 925

The 450 Three Noted Citizens of the

Another Bonanza in CaliforWorld 127 nia 387 Tiniest Republic of all, The 538

Assassination of President Turkey's Troubles 619, 928

McKinley 922 Wall Street. 706

Australian Federation, The 128 War in South Africa,The 449, 775

Billion Dollar Steel ComWar in the Transvall 209 pany, The 541 Some Opportunities for the

Canada and the United Young Men of Utah 602

States 778 Some Properties of Soils 840

Carnegie's Gift 542 Sowing Wild Oats 429

Centennial Celebration 210 Speakers'Contest:

China's Trouble 622 My Spirit Shall not Always

Coal Miners'Strike, The 41 Strive with Man 676

Comparison, A 299 Special Conference Meeting.... 69

Cost of Education, The 212 Spiritual Inertia 669

Cuba 540 Spiritual and Moral QualificaCuban Committee, The 620 tions 342

INDEX TO SUBJECTS. IX

PAGE. PAGE.

Spiritual Schooling First and Vaughn, Gov. Vernon H 401

Foremost 337 Virtue Exalts the Race 166

Statistical Report of the Y. M. Vision, A 458

M. I. A. for 19001901 869 Visit to the Countess of WarSteady and Stick do the Trick 404 wick 653

Steel Strike, The 925 Visit to the Holy Land, A 827

Story of Mormonism, The 608, Voice from a Volunteer, A 153 692, 725.817, 905

Students'Parting Song to Karl Water 439

G. Maeser 377 War in South Africa, The...449, 775

Suggestions on Class Work... 74 Wall Street 701

Sunday School Convention, War in the Transvaal 209

The Second 146 Warwick and Kenilworth 615

Sunday School Jubilee History 230 Was the Young Man Justified? 226

Sunshine 371 Was there a difference Between the Baptism of Jesus and HeartTake 29 John? 709 ofTale Two Citizens, A 765 Weekly Officers'Meetings and

Talmage's Lecture in Denver, Preparation Classes 66 Dr 469 West, Caleb Gov. 721 WTestimony of God, The 192 Saints What the Stand for 682

Testimony of God and the DiWhat Part is Thine? 512

vinity of the Church, A 203 What About the Home? 304

The Nineteenth and TwenWhat Prophecy Asserts, Histieth—The Seed Time and tory Affirms 895

Harvest 168 What Shall we Read? 901

The SunnySide 751 What Truth Did for Love 214

The Two Awakenings 764 What of the Future 1900,

Their Religion is at the Bottom 1901 164 of it 779 When was Brigham Young

There is Pleasure in Living 171 Sustained President of the

Thought, a Road to Happiness 748 Church? 549Thomas, Gov. Arthur L 801 Why Were the Disciples of

Three Noted Citizens of the John at Ephesus ReBap-

World 127 tized? 710

Time and Eternity 4 Why the Era Should be SusTiniest Republic of All, The... 538 tained 73

To a Mother 279 Widowed 438 Training and Equipment of Withdrawals from the Church 949

Missionaries 337,418 517 Witnesses in Heaven and on

Need of Faith—Where it Earth 58

Should be Centered, The 418 With the Remnants at Nauvoo 273

Spiritual and Moral QualifiWolves in Sheep's Clothing... 179

cations 342 Women of the Bible, The 149

Spiritual Schooling First Woods, Gov. Geo. L 401

and Foremost 337 Woodruff Monument, The 138

Value of Historical KnowlWord of Wisdom, The 270 edge 424 Word of Wisdom, Meaning of

Tribute, A 259 the 943 True Culture 495 Wording of the Lord's Prayer 306

True Nobility 623 Work in London, The 635

Turkey's Troubles,....619, 928 Worry as a Success Killer 882

Two Heroes 739 Worth the While 100

Two Unseen Friends 17 World is Growing Better, The 219

Yaquis and the Yaqui War, The 333Unauthorized—SymbolismsAdministration 148 Centuries Years and 169Universal Cry, The—Wanted, Young, Gov. Brigham 1 A Man 345

Value of Historical Knowledge 424 Zion's Teacher 393

INDEX TO AUTHORS.

PAGE. PAGE.

Alder, Lydia D 615, 653 Miller, John T 270

Anderson, Bertha E 259, 764 Morris, David H 234

Anderson, Edw. H...I, 81, 221, Morris, Nephi L 895

241, 321, 401, 482, 561, Naisbitt, H. W 4, 25, 192, 939

641, 721, 801 Nye, Ephraim H 588

Anderson, Nephi 156, 174, 266, 280, 326, 458 Parry, Edwin F 171, 418, 749

Pearson Sarah E 177, 267, 438 Ballantyne, Richard 273 Peterson, Andreas 827

Bird, R. Leo 342 Pike, Annie 515

Bluth.John V 96 Porter, M. R 112

Brimhall, G. H 219 Pratt, Parley P 883

Burns Robert 917 Prentice, Mrs. Ida 813

247Cannon, Geo. M 215 Reynolds, George

169, 919Chamberlin, Prof. W. H 203 Richards, Luisa L. Greene Richards, Samuel 363 WCluff, 368, W. 572 W Rich, Ben 5*7 174, 337. 424. E Apostle Matthias F....Cowley, 900 Roberts, B. H 523

Robinson, Jos. E 35Davis E. R 671 Russell, Isaac 153

Derzhavin, Gabriel RomanoRust, DavidD 507 vitch 913 Done, Prof. Willard 671 Sangster, Margaret E 601

Shivell, Paul 279 Elton, David H 742 Sjodahl, J. M 217

Sloan, W. J 346, 739

Furman, Elizabeth 29 Smith, Prest. Jos. F 389, 943

Snow, Eliza R 27c Grant, Apostle Heber J 683 Snow, Prest. Lorenzo 301

Greene, Robert 225 Sorghum, Samuel 261

Sundwall, John 602 Hale, Edward Everett 589 Hall, Mosiah 172 Talmage, Dr. J. E 168, 497,

Hull, Thos 77, 138, 157, 608, 692, 725, 817, 905 Tanner, Dr. J. M 39, 123, 219, 236, 317, 397, 478, 556,

636, 643, 717, 798, 877, 956 162, 206, 296, 378, 448, 459,

Hyde, William A 847 535, 619, 699, 774, 857, 922

Taylor, Alma 676 Taylor, Tos. E....164, 354, 429,Ivins, Anthony W 333, 433

528, 752, 804, 931 Jenson, Andrew 5, 86, 167 Thackeray, Wm. M 812

Jensen, J. C 591 Thomas, Mathonihah 815

Jones, William H, 214 Joyce, John A 246 Valentine, Sophy 171, 575

Judd, Sidney A 682 Ward, J. H 169,522, 393

Kenner, S. A 484, 658, 765 Ward, J. W 38

Kingsbury, Dr. J. T, 47 Waterman, Nixon 367

186Knox, Mrs. Isa Craig, 33 Webb, E. M

Whalen.Sara, 175, 179, 835

Lauritzen, Annie G 107 Whitney, Orson F 214, 624

Lauritzen.J. M 585 Widtsoe, Dr. John A 17, 131,

Lee, W. 66 170, 196, 289, 371, 439, 564,

Lesueur, James W 583 664, 769, 840

Lyman, Platte D 794 Wilcox, Ella Wheeler 100, 491, 748Madson, C. A 118, 215, 656

McMurrin, Jos. W 216 Young, Aretta 377Merrill, M. W 166 Young, Dr. Seymor B 253

oeCALIFORNIA

Wheatine

Surpassing: in Nutritive Value,

Delicacy and Uniform

Excellence:

WHEAT \ THE ONLY BREAKFAST WITH ALL THE GLUTEN IN AND WOODY ALL THE INDIGESTIBLE FIBRE OUT.

AT RELIABLE GROCERS <* IN 2-LB. PACKAGES.

Jt Manufactured by <& EMPIRE MILLING CO.,

SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA THE RIO GRflflDE WESTER... A|4D...

THEDElWERflflDRlOGRAflDE

Btst Loeal Train Service in Utah.

From ten to forty minutes the fastest line between Ogden, Salt Lake City, Lehi, American Fork, Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with through sleeping and dining cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St. Louis and Chicago.

MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE. <* S J*

For Rates, etc., enquire of Local Agent or

write GEO. w*. HEINTZ,

Assistant General Passenger Agent, Salt Lake City.

PROVO CLOTH DO YOU THINK ALL WOOL SUIT.

It is wise toallow your ERAS SEND ONE DOLLARGET AN ALL WOOL to be lost for lack of binding? subject to examinaSUIT

tion and approval. If you

a bargain whenECOJIONIV IS WEflliTHyourecognizesee it to will take you tbis at once. These Provo's Save your ERAS and Build up are the easiest to sell of any-

a Library of Choice Reading. thingThey arewe thehavefinestever Mailhandled.Order goods, because everyWe Bind Youp body in this whole country

knows exactly what they are and what can be expected of them in the way of wear. It's Provo Cloth

Suit $9.25. Only HWPftOVElVIEfn'EflA FIT STYLE, AND WORKMANSHIP. of elegant piece—This goods is a solid gray

In a fie at Cloth Binding iov in color, made up in round cut, sack style, high art tailoring; good linings, good cut50 CEBITS. ting;in fact,goodthe sewingkind of andclothstitchingand the everywhere;kind of tailPen T-ilft")-, miMi oringhood youof $15haveforbeenin thepayingregularin theretailneighborway.

Don't miss this opportunity to get a Provo dollar, Or in Two Parts for 75 Cents. Suit for $9.25. one ORDER.—Send TO HOW business, so be we snail assured you mean

and we will send the suit to your nearest express office. Before you pay any more money

Volumes 1, 2, and 3, Bound in Cloth, you may examine it and see if it is as we represent it. If it more than satisfies you and you

know you have a bargain, pay the express

Pop $6-00 Postpaid. agent the balance due and the express cnarges and keep it.

SIZE.—Send size of coat usually worn;

Send Orders to waistbreast andmeasureinseamlorforthethecoatpants.and vestWe sendand

THOMAS Htflik, free samples of the cloth on application. WEST'S HOUSE, MAIL ORDER214 Templeton Bldg, Salt Iiake City 205206 Wittlngham Block, Salt Lad* CHy.

(WHH WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THEERA.)

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agts.

20 to 26 Soath flttain Street, Salt Iiake City.

ARE YOU INSURED?

IE NOT, WHY NOT?

Take Your Choice of Four Strong Companies.

The Hartford North British Fire Insurance and Mercantile CO. COMPANY, INSUHKNCB

(United States Branoh.)

l&SLrtfordj Oonn.

Assets, Jan. 1, 1900, - $4,037,624.99

Net Surplus, over all Assets, Jan. i, 1900, - $11,002,588.02 liabilities, - - 1 791,838.97

Net Surplus, over all The combined fire and life assets of the North British and Mercantile liabilities - - 3,810,204.50 are over $65,000,000.

"INSURE TODAY, TOMORROW MAY BE TOO LATE."

German Pennsylvania

American Fire Insurance INSURHNCB COCOMPHNY, NEW YORK. FiiileLcLeslplaiEL.

Assets, Jan. 1, 1900, - $8,125,840.42 Assets, Jan. 1, 1900, - $5,171,306.21

Net Surplus, over all Net Surplus, over all liabilities, - - 3.678,999 liabilities - - 2,181,945.26

lets the Insurance Companies Carry his Fire Risk A "Wise Man and then Stops "Worrying.

WRITE CO., Agts.HEBER J. GRANT &

20 to 26 South JVIain Street, Salt Iiake City.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE ERA,)

MOWERS AND BINDERS

UTAH IMPLEMENT COMPANY | 2j 139 State Street (0| y LAKE CITY, UTAHS Q SALT fig & 5 OGDEN IMPLEMENT COMPANY1 g jj * sj OGDEN, UTAH g * j? Agents for the two Best m

I MOWERS jfl J g JfJ ever made. (j)

S3N1HDVW DNIMOW

Oregon Line Railroad hM Operating 1421 Miles of Railroad through the Thriving States of

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONLY ROAD To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

Pour Daily Trains between SAI/T LAKE: CITY and OGDEN. The POPULAR

LINE to all Utah Mining Districts. The Only Road to MERCUR.

The Fastest Service to All Points East.

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE "SHORT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

City Ticket Office, No. 100 West Second South St., Salt Lake City.

T, M. SCHUM a CHER, Genera/ Traffic Manager. D. E. BURLEY, Gen. Pass, and Ticket Agt

W. H. BANCROFT, VicePrest and General Manager.

(when writing to advertisers please mention the ERA.)

The HISTORY of the TO

Books ranging in price from 5 cents PROPHET to $50 20,000 volumes of Old, Rare and New

Books in Stock.

2,500 volumes of paper covered

Novels Books Sold, Bought and Exchanged, JOSEPH,

We want to buy auy and all kinds of books, especially Mormon and

AntiMormon publications. Percity sons out of the having books

sell, to us aliit of mail should the By His Mother.

same, and we will by return mail write what we can allow for the same.

Any book in or O'lt of print furnished at reasonable prices. IiUCY SJVHTH We will send postpaid, any new

book on receipt of publisher's price.

Revised and Published REMEMBER THE PL\CE by Authority in Vol.

of theSHEPARD BOOK CO. Five

"Be I6e Boofee Sboppe."

State Street, - Opposite Knutsford ITOOVEIWENT ERA SALT LAKE CITY.

Have Yout

ERA BOUND

Send Your Back Volumes to the ERA Office and we will Bind them for

,S0 CENTS PER VOLUME.

214 Templeton Bldg., Salt Lake City.

L (WHIN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE ERA.)

*- OF THPROFHET JOSEPH. mJSTOW.*-Z*$EUm

't -i"i"t"t "t"t"t"t"i"!";"i"i-i-i-t"i"i":"i"i"i"i":"i"i 'i 'i"t 'i"i"i"i"i-i- 4-i"i"t"'t"i"i":"r: 1 1 ii 'r

Happiness to Womankind I Means happiness to all. One of the necessities to produce

this result among cultivated people is good clothing. It must

be upto-date in fashion and quality. It must be obtainable

at prices that are not exorbitant. These required conditions

are met in every respect in the immense stock of Autumn

Goods just received at Z. C. M. I. These goods are the

very latest, the very best, and the very cheapest high quality materials offered in the west.

Special Invitation to Ladies I A

Is extended the present week to view the lovely assortment of new dress materials now presented to the public at the lowest possible prices. Our Cloak Department, Dress

Goods Department, Underwear Department, Notions Department, and in fact all divisions of our great store, are replete with the very choicest stock obtainable in the Z. M.I.

best markets of the wcrld. Call on T. G. WEBBER, Supt us and you will be well satisfied.

..: -.i"i"i"i"i "i"i "i"i"i"i"i"i.-i":"i"i"i";";"i":-.i"i "i "i "i "i"i"i"i "i 'i 1 1 i-h-i-i i i i i i m-E i..H

SJaJBlDDSJSlGlli

Owift's L remium Hams

Cooked in any manner are always delicious and of superior quality. Swift's Premium Bacon has

the delicate flavor and dainty appearance so essential in breakfast bacon. Inspected by U. S.

Government.

Swift and Company

Chicago Kansas City Omaha "J St Louis St, Joseph St Paul

eMaisiaMSJSDaiajaiasiajaE: