Vol. XIV OCTOBER, 1911 No 12

in r

Scnic Libi if the Wirld

THROUGH

PULLMAN AND TOURIST SLEEPERS TO Before the Smoke Clears Away DENVER,

On your firestricken shop, factory, officeor itore, you can resume business if inST. LOUIS

sured with us. No Ion? unnecessarydelays in adjusting, no haggling over AND

terms; but prompt payment of losses QHIQAGOevery time. It's to our interest to get

?-ou set up in business again—we can

nsure you again.

For Folders, Booklets oto., adHome Fire Insurance Company of Utah dross I. A. BENTON, Q.A.P.D.,

HBBER J. GRAFT A Co., General Agti. Salt Lake City, Utah

""V PHONES. 351.*W2036 S. BOTHMatn St., S*U Uke Ctty, VUh

Jos. Wm, Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor.Show Rooms and Morgue

OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT 21, 23, 25 South West Temple Street * SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Established 1889. Capital, $200,000

Utah CITY, UTAH Commercial and Savings The STATE BANK

Established 1190. Bank. of utah missolicits the accounts of Bank Savings Deposits. O THIS firms individuals, banks, and and4f Interest, computed semiannually, on Commercial Banking in all its branches. to extends customers such everyAccounts solioited. Individuals an! of Banks

easterners assured the best accommodations reasonable courtesy and facility.

oommtoqs with oonservattve and safe banking.

Was. F. Armstrong, Byron Groo, Joseph F. Smith, Prest, Chas.S. Burton, Cashier

Anthon H. Lun4,V.Prts. H.T.McEvian,Aist.Cath President. Cashier.

(Whan writing; to Advertisers, please mention the era.)

L.D.S. KNITTED GARMENTS

FOR FALL AND WINTER WEAR COTTON GARMENTS.

(Postage on 52B 16c extra per garment.)

(Postage 20c extra per pair on Nos. 57, 901, 9B, 111.)

OUR SPECIAL SALE PRICE $1.35

(Postage 24c extra per pair.)

WOOL AND COTTON GARMENTS.

WOOL, STRONG AND DURABLE.... Our Special Price $1.69

serviceable Our Price 2.39No. 525—Warm and comfortable, No. 58A—Fine weave, Australian Wool Our Price 3.90

AND HALF WOOL AN EXCELLENT GARMENT.

OUR SPECIAL PRICE $3.00

(Postage 20c per pair on Nos. 500, 501, 525, 58A and 540 M.)

(Postage on No. 535 24c extra.)

GIVE BUST, HEIGHT AND WEIGHT, AND WE GUARANTEE

A FIT. Money refunded if not satisfied.

Always send postage with order. Samples of garment material forwarded on request.

From Ramsey's Famous Paintings.

Authorized Portraits of Joseph Smith and Hyrutn Smith at prices within the reach of all. Suitable for the Home, Church, and for

any organization.

Size 11 by 14 inches.

Sepia Bromide Style, a rich brown finish.

EACH, POSTPAID, $1.50.

Two pictures—one of each person

OUR SPECIAL PRICE, POSTPAID, $2.85.

Black and white Bromide—an excellent production.

EACH, POSTPAID, $1 00.

Two pictures—one of each person

OUR SPECIAL PRICE, POSTPAID, $1.80.

Pictures framed at moneysaving prices. Write for price list.

WEST'S M7UL. ORDER HOUSE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. -

Send for Our Free Catalog.

(When writingto Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

THIS BEAUTIFUL SUGAR SHELL FREE 10 Cts. You Pay only the Mailing Charges—

We want to send you this beautiful Oxford Silver

Sugar Shell made by the Rogers Co. It is made of heavy

plate silver. The entire spoon is six inches long and beautifully carved and embossed in the new narcissus design.

The bowl is two inches long with Narcissus embossed in the bottom. The finish of the spoon is French grey.

We guarantee this spoon to be genuine Oxford silver plate and that it will meet your highest expectations.

SEND US ONLY 10 CENTS to pay postage and packing. When we send it to you we

will explain how you can get a Set of Six Oxford Teaspoons just like it without a cent of expense, send today—sure.

THE DESERET FARMER LBHI, UTAH

Magazine Advertising Is Most Effective Do not let interested advertising agents mislead you into believing otherwise

Smprobement ra

Reaches more than ten thousand thrifty families in the intermoun- tain region. The ERA is read by

at least 75,000 upto-date citizens, and progressive builders. If you

have a message for them, use the ERA.

Phone 919, or write, and our man will show you.

2022 Bishop's Bldg., Salt Lake City

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

in this number. Just glance at the prospectus: the ERA will give you full

value for your $2 in good reading of the interesting and instructive kind doctrines, stories, travel; current, practical and historical information, and editorials by President Joseph F. Smith.

The Priesthood quorum studyyear begins in January. The course of study

fd the quorums for 1912 will be ready for distribution early in December.

Until January, 1912, the quorums will continue the study which they began last

January.

To the Officers of Y. M. M. I. A.—An unlooked for and unavoidable delay

has occurred in the distribution of the Senior Manual. All orders now on hand,

and those received later will be promptly filled as soon as possible. The

Junior Manuals are being distributed and may be used if desired, in the classes, until the Senior Manuals are ready; or other matter may be substituted and used in the senior classes.

Jay C. Jensen, Tokyo, Japan, July 31st: "The ERA is always a welcome

visitor here at Tokyo and we all enjoy reading it from cover to cover."

A. Laverne Riggs, Sheffield, England: "We wait anxiously the Improvement Era each month and read the many truths contained therein which enlighten us concerning the true gospel."

Superintendent Ernest P. Horsley writes from Brigham City, August 24,

to President Heber J. Grant: "I have always been converted to the necessity

of having a good list of ERA subscriptions in our stake. I feel that not only

will much good be derived by reading this splendid magazine, but every association will be better equipped to handle the financial end of the work, and will be stimulated in many ways necessary to success by handling the ERA business. We fully expect to be as loyal to you as in the past in support of this

the 'best magazine on earth for Latterday Saint Young Men'and hope to see every stake in Zion roll up a good list for Volume 15."

IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1911.

Two Dollars per annum with Manual Fkie.

Enicrwa at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F. Smith, ) pu: tors Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, ) Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

The "Michigan Relics."Illustrated Dr. James E. Talmage 1049

Nature Proclaims a Deity Chateaubriand 1076

I. A Story Tohn Henry Evans 1077The Open Road.—

The Train of Human Progress. A Poem Alfred Osmond 1081

The Boy Pioneers of Utah. Illustrated. Eugene L. Roberts 1084

... 1093Little Problems of Married Life.—IV William George Jordan

From Nauvoo to Salt Lake in the Van of the

Moroni Snow 1099 Pioneers.—VIII

Our Refuge and Strength William A. Morton 1103

New President NetherlandsBelgium Mission 1105

Death of James Condor 1107 A Testimony W. Pring 1108

Routine A Poem Bertha A. Kleinman 1110

the Era President Joseph F. Smith.. 1111Editors'Table—A Word About

The Work of the Lord in Europe Rudger Clawson 1113

Messages from the Missions 1114

Priesthood Quorums'Table 1119

Passing wnts 1121

15x77/x54 inches.

The above illustration is of the new INDIVIDUAL

SACRAMENT SET made to the order of and adopted by the 18th and 31st Wards of the L. D. S. Church. Bishop

Clawson writes us as follows August 24th, 1911.

Messrs. J. H. Leyson Co.,

City.

Gentlemen: Agreeable with your request, we herewith acknowledge receipt of the

Individual Sacramental Service furnished by you, and have pleasure in saying that it is as ordered, fills our need perfectly, and is beautiful in design and finish.

Very respectfully yours, Thos. A. Clawson,

Bishop, Eighteenth Ward, Salt Lake City.

We are sole agents in America for this set. Write for

particulars or call during October Conference and investigate its merits and also see the famous Utah Battleship Silver

Service, on display at our store.

Tray complete with 36 glasses $13.50

Trays, each 11.25

Glasses, per dozen 75 J. H. LEYSON CO.,

236 Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

modern manufacture of antiques has come to be a business of such proportions as to make necesCHEsary continued caution on the part of collectors.

And the enterprise is by no means new. Forgery

of relics of ancient art, and of masterpieces of comparatively recent date, have been pursued with such success as to deceive at times even the very elect. Moreover, the illdirected energies

of the forger are not confined to the field of art. Fossil fish are

made for wholesale trade; ancient Egyptian mummies are produced to order; manuscripts of alleged antiquity are prepared

as the market seems to demand. Graves of the dead—or at

stuffed withleast the modern mounds said to be such—are

"relics"such as were never known until long after the bodies of the dead supposed to be therein interred would have utterly gone to decay..

Of course the motive in this disreputable business is generally that of monetary profit; not infrequently, however, the

forger pursues his dishonest course through a veritable mania for his nefarious work. The investigation herein reported

deals with an instance of extensive forgery, whereby articles of modern manufacture have been buried, then dug up under prearranged conditions, and offered as ancient artifacts. The

writer tells the story of his own experience and observation, without claim to priority in the field of investigation. He offers

his testimony as an independent addition to that already given by earlier investigators.

1. Tablet of black slate, taken by the writer from a "mound"in

Palmer Park, near Detroit, Michigan, November 18th, 1909. The slab

measures approximately 10 1-2 by 4 1-2 inches, and varies in thickness from less than 3-16 at the top, to over 7-16 at the bottom. On one

long edge, the equidistant, doubleline marks of a saw, almost surely a machinemade saw, are plainly seen; and on each of the other edges

similar marks have been but partly obliterated. Scouring lines, due

to rubbing with sand or some other related abrasive, are visible on each of the inscribed surfaces. The deeplycut lines of the inscriptions show under the lens fresh fractures. The evidences of recent

handcraft, and the glaring slovenliness of the inscriptions, stamp the tablet as a forgery.

Vol. XIV. OCTOBER, 1911. No. 12

The ''Michigan Relics."

A Story of Forgery and Deception

TOLD BY DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE.

At irregular intervals during the last twenty years, there have appeared, in newspapers and magazines, reports of the digging- up of alleged relics of antiquity in certain parts of Michigan.

The objects thus unearthed constitute a class of their own, differing in certain features from all other archeological material ever found in America or elsewhere. The finds comprise a variety of

objects, such as small caskets, tablets, ornaments, weapons, tools, smoking pipes, and vessels of pottery. The materials of which

these objects consist are clay, both unbaked and baked, slate of different colors, and copper. Practically every piece thus far

reported is inscribed, the clays by impression of typepieces while the receptive surface was still moist, the coppers by hammerimpact of harder dies, and the slates by graving tools.

My interest in the matter of these discoveries dates back to the summer of 1909, prior to which time I confess to having been practically uninformed even as to the literature then current relating to the subject. In June of the year named I saw, in the

Archeological Museum of the University of Ohio, a clay tablet belonging to the class of objects herein referred to. From

1050 1MPRO VEMENT ERA.

inquiries made at that institution I learned of certain parties resident in Detroit, Michigan, who had made themselves prominent in the exploitation of these finds. Correspondence opened by myself led

to personal acquaintance with Mr. Daniel Soper and Rev. James

Savage.

The Mr. Soper referred to had once been Secretary of State

for Michigan, and I found him to be a man concerning whom conflicting reports are afloat. By some of his acquaintances he is

2. Blade of thin copper, probably intended as a representation of

an early battleax. This object was taken by the writer from a

"mound"in Palmer Park, near Detroit, Michigan, November 15th, 1909. The piece is 7 3-4 inches in greatest length, by 5 1-8 inches greatest width. From this blade, discs have been cut, and these have been

subjected to both chemical analysis and conductivity determinations.

Both series of tests prove the copper to be a modern product—the result of the smelting of sulphurbearing and arsenical ores, and surely

not native copper such as has been found in American mounds of known and attested antiquity.

strongly supported both as to reputation and character; by others

it is as strongly declared that his record as a citizen is not wholly without a blemish; in short, his name is known both in good and

ill report. To me this is no proof of unworthiness. The best of

men may be maligned. I try to believe the best I have heard of

the gentleman, and to discount as far as possible the unfavorable reports.

I found the Rev. James Savage to be Dean of the Catholic

THE "MICHIGAN RELICS:'1051

Church known as the Church of the Most Holy Trinity, in Detroit.

He is an enthusiastic student of Indian relics and owns a splendid collection of objects, which objects are in strong contrast with the "relics"herein referred to and regarded as spurious. At first I

believed, and I am still charitably inclined to hope, that Dean

Savage is a victim and not a conscious party in the deception and fraud shown in this exploitation of archeological forgery.

The names of these gentlemen have been used so freely in recent press reports that I feel at liberty to adopt the open and personal style in describing my relations with them in this matter. My own

name has been similarly used with almost equal freedom.

I n November, 19 9, I journeyed from Salt Lake City to Detroit solely in the interest of this investigation. I was

courteously received by both Mr. Soper

and Father Savage, 3. Perforated tablet, designated by Scotand was permitted to ford as a neckornament, or pendant, unexamine the collecearthedPalmer Park,by thenearwriterDetroit,from Michigan,a "mound"Noin

4 3-8 1909. Tablet measures 15th,tions of the socalled vember is 1 7-8 inches wide, and inches long by

ancient relics owned made of gray slate.

by these gentlemen. I found th-3 collections to comprise a large

array of artifacts of clay, copper and slate, every piece bearing a certain combination of characters after the pattern here shown.

This inscription has been commonly referred to in newspaper articles as the "tribal mark;"it has been more pointedly designated by Prof. Francis W.

Kelsey as the "signmanual of the forger."On some of the artifacts this "tribal mark"or "sign1052 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

manual,"appears as a combination of characters like rough drawings of modern nails; on other pieces the marks resemble cuneiform inscriptions, rudely wedgelike. That the same "mark"or

"sign"is intended in each instance, however, appears to be beyond question.

If the objects brought together by Mr. Soper and Dean

Savage were genuinely archaic, they would support the following statements:

(1) That the northcentral area of the the United States, more specifically the present State of Michigan, was inhabited in the longago, before the existence of the present tribal divisions of our North American Indians, by a numerous people belonging to the Caucasian race and possessing a high degree of civilization.

(2) That, living at the same time and inhabiting the same area was another people of inferior culture, resembling the Indians of today both in physiognomy and customs.

(3) That these two peoples, representing widely different cultures, were at enmity one with the other, and that the people of the higher class were in a state of constant migration, seemingly fleeing before the assaults of their semibarbarous foes. They paused not in any one place

long enough to build enduring towns, but on the other hand lived in a condition of readiness for flight.

(4) That the people of higher culture used a written language comprising both pictographic and other characters. Some of these written

4. A blade of slate, unearthed by the writer from a "mound"in

Palmer Park, near Detroit, Michigan, November 15th, 1909. This piece

appears to be a skinning knife. Were it a genuine relic of antiquity

and an actual burial with the ancient dead, it might be considered astelling of the last struggle—a fatal encounter of a hunter in conflictwith the nondescript animal shown. The inaccurate details of the

inscription taken as a whole, the modern headgear of the herobust, and the evidently recent graving of the lines as shown by the new fracturemarks seen through the lens, combine to show that the piece is a forgery, and the attempted delineation of the ancient scene a deliberate deception. The reverse side bears no inscription. The

piece measures 9 inches in greatest length, and about 2 1-2 inches in greatest width.

THE "MICHIGAN RELICS."1053

5. Tablet of gray or greenish slate, unearthed by the writer

from a "mound"in Palmer Park, near Detroit. Michigan, November

18th. 1909. The tablet is about 11 1-2 inches long by 9 1-4 inches wide

and 3-8 inch in thickness. The "tribal mark"appears at the top. On

the side here shown, there are crude outline drawings, evidently intended to be a pictographic story of the Noachian deluge—showing inthe order of the zones or bands the following incidents: (1) Noah's

preaching under Divine commission, as indicated by the AllSeeing-Bye, and the rejection of Noah's message by the crowned leader of the people, with other details. (2) The Deluge, with men and animals drowning, and buildings being submerged. (3) The ark afloat; the dove sentout upon the waters; the duration of the flood—forty days and forty

of prosperity risnights—as indicated by the parallelograms; the suning. (4) The ark at rest with the sun of prosperity high above the

horizon; animals disembarking and men already disembarked, the latter probably representing Noah with his three sons in the attitude of

giving thanks. (5) The bow regarded as the sign of Jehovah's covenant set in the heavens in token of the Divine pledge that the earth

should not be again overwhelmed by water.

1054 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

characters had points of resemblance to the alphabets of the Orient, specifically the Egyptian, the Greek, the Assyrian, the Phoenician, and the Hebrew.

(5) That the people of the higher class had a knowledge of certain books of Jewish scripture, specifically Genesis, and possibly also later books belonging to the Old Testament compilation.

The striking parallelism between these indications and the historical story embodied in the Book of Mormon will be seen at once by anyone familiar with the book named. Indeed, were the

Michigan "relics"what they purport to be, they would furnish strong external evidence of the main facts set forth in the Book of

Mormon narrative. As a matter of fact, however, the Michigan

"relics"are forgeries, and the seeming confirmation of the Book of Mormon story is fictitious and false.

After careful examination of the collections belonging to Mr.

Soper and Father Savage, I suggested to these gentlemen the advisability of my opening some of the mounds myself. I

had no very strong hopes of finding "relics,"but I had a desire to study the structure of the mounds. My suggestion was

promptly concurred in, and a certain James 0. Scotford was

named to me as the most desirable man to hire as a digger. On

hearing his name I remembered that he had been designated by

Prof. Kelsey as having "manifested a skill in finding relics that

made him the envy of the region."I demurred to the proposition of hiring Scotford, and went so far as to say that if my investigation was to be impartial, he was the one man in the world whom

I should not engage for the work. My demurrer was courteously,

diplomatically, but nevertheless firmly, overruled; and I thereupon

decided to engage Scotford, and, furthermore to submit to the lead of the men with whom I was dealing, without forgetting for a moment that I was being led.

On the 15th of November, 1909, and again on the 18th, Soper,

Scotford, and I opened some of the little mounds, Scotford doing the digging, Soper and I looking on, and I alone removing any and every object exposed by the digger. In view of the conclusion to

which I have since come, to the effect that these "relics"are forgeries, I have questioned myself as to the impressions made upon me at the time of the digging here referred to, and have read

THE "MICHIGAN RELICS."1055

with interest to myself the record written by me at the time. I

quote from my own journal:

November 15, 1909: From the streetcar station near the Oldsmobile factory, on the Woodward Avenue line, Soper, Scotford and I walked

6. The reverse of No. 5. The "tribal mark"appears at the top.

Next below is a conflict scene between two parties of different culcompass-inscribed calendar, then a atures; and circle,—probably divisions. outlines The accompanying thirteen be unmayshowing'

derstood as showing the death of the leader of the helmeted party, with indications of the lunar division, or month, and the specific phase of the moon, marking the time of the death.

1056 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

westward. At about oneeighth of a mile from the station it was

found that Scotford, the engaged digger, had no spade or shovel. He

procured a shovel from a man who, on my inquiry, was described as the caretaker and authorized custodian of the woodland area toward which we were journeying. A shovel was quickly produced. On passing I

ought to say that the shovel thus supplied was of the longhandled type, pointed blade, and was a subject of much grumbling on the part of

Scotford, who, nevertheless, accomplished surprising results with the implement. In the woodland, not more than a mile from the car station,

I found a hummocky surface. Some of the little knolls were plainly

"turnouts,"i. e. elevations produced by overturning of trees. Other

7. Copper blade unearthed by the writer beneath an old treestump in Palmer Park, near Detroit. Michigan, November 18th, 1909.

The blade is about 7 1-4 inches long; it is of thin copper and is inscribed on one side only, bearing on this side the ubiquitous "tribal

mark,"and in close proximity thereto a rudely inscribed X.

8. Copper blade, 7 inches long, belonging to the Soper collection.

This is inscribed with the "tribal mark"only.

hummocks—rarely more than two or three feet above the general level

were as plainly artificial in origin. No conception of drainage processes

or of erosion by natural circumdenudation would explain their origin.

They are evidently manmade mounds. Each is surrounded by a ditchlike

depression, designated by my companions as the moat. This moat is little

more thin a shallow ditch, and the mound itself is a nonconspicuous object. Indeed the mounds would not attract the attention of any casual

or nonscientific observer. In but few instances do the mounds extend

above the general level more than two or three feet, and generally their length is not more than four or five feet, with an average width of two to three feet. As stated by Father Savage and by Mr. Soper,

THE "MICHIGAN RELICS."1057

and as volubly maintained by Scotford, when two mounds are contiguous, and when one of the two has been found to be productive, the other will surely be so. The gratuitous explanation given me is, that

in case of such contiguity, one mound is that of the buried husband, the other that of the wife. I am not convinced as to this explanation.

We went into the woods and I was shown a number of mounds that had been opened by my companions or their friends. About four feet

from one of these duginto mounds was another, untouched. It was

about fifteen feet long, eleven to twelve feet wide, and reached an extreme relief of about three and onehalf feet above the general surface, and about four and onehalf feet above the bottom of the ditch or moat. This ditch appears to be the depression resulting from the heaping-up of the earth for the mound. This particular mound was mosscovered and bore a good growth of willows. Plainly, the mound itself is

of no recent construction, though 1 saw nothing to warrant the assumption of age running into centuries. I examined the mound with critical

care, and failed to find the least evidence of recent disturbance. Cer-

9. A copper blade with attached ferrule for handle, 7.7 inches in

greatest length, 2 inches in greatest width; thickness of back ol

blade i inch. This belongs to the Soper collection. It is inscribed on

one side only with the "tribal mark"within a circlet of rings.

tainly it had not been dug into in the immediate not for past,—probably

years. I photographed the mound before digging was begun; then Scotford began to dig. The material is that of the region,—lakesand

without a pebble or other stone larger than sandgrains. The digging

was easy, and the sand appeared to have been long at rest. The longer

diameter of the mound extended east and west. At a point about the

middle of the long diameter and about twelve inches below the top of the elevation, therefore fully two and onehalf feet above the level of the ground, a layer of dark earth was encountered, merely a streak not more than one and onehalf inches to two inches in thickness. The discovery of this streak was hailed with delight by both Scotford and Soper,

as the charcoal streak said by them to be never absent from a true or 1058 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

manmade mound. Below the dark streak the sand was of fine grain,

—described by my companions as the existing remains of a human body

here interred. Under the lens, however, the gray ashlike material

proved to consist of waterworn grains of sand. On top of this socalled

ashy layer, and therefore directly under the black streak at the central line of the mound first described, the shovel struck a hard object. I

removed an artifact, seemingly an ax of shape as here shown. [See

illustration No. 2].

Very little digging was done in the mound after this discovery, both

Soper and Scotford suggesting that we try another. My object being to

follow and observe, and not to take any initiative action at present, I concurred. About one hundred yards southerly from the mound described,

was another irregular in outline, with a large treestump still rooted at the east end. This was designated to me as the "serpent mound. '

It was mosscovered and overgrown with shrubs, as was the first. At a

point about eighteen inches below the top, a layer of black material was encountered (described as charcoal and possibly such). Immediately

beneath the charcoal we found a tablet of dark gray slate with inscriptions on both sides as shown by sketch. [See illustration No. 3]. I

was somewhat suspicious when Scotford, pointing to the inscribed circle with rays, said: "This is like what was found on one of the plates

from Mormon Hill, at Cumorah, New York."

A few feet lower, and two feet nearer the southerly margin of the mound, we found another article made of the same kind of slate. This

was probably a skinningknife. It was inscribed on one side only. [See

illustration No. 4]. The figures are exceedingly crude; the bust suggests

a modern French soldier; the quadruped is of nondescript variety; the

hunter is a poor caricature.

With this find digging operations were suspended at the joint suggestion of both Soper and Scotford. Thereupon we returned to townNovember 18, 1909: Shortly after 1 p. m., Soper, Scotford and

I were on the ground of our last excavation work,—the woodlands

west of the Oldsmobile factory. We went direct to the "serpent

mound"already referred to. Having today a small ax, which tool we

lacked before, we readily cut through the treeroots penetrating the mound, and then digging was easier. At a point not more than six inches

below the level at which the skinningknife was found, and near the medial line of the mound, I took out a tablet of black slate, rectangular, though chipped at one of the bottom corners, ten and threeeighths inches long, four and oneeighth inches wide, and onefourth inch in thickness.

THE "MICHIGAN RELICS."1059

This is covered with inscriptions on both sides. I shall not attempt a

copy of the inscriptions here. [See frontispiece]. We dug for half an

hour after making this find, and then, at the suggestion of Soper, concurred in by Scotford. we left this mound. The next mound dug into

was a small hummock about nine feet long, six feet wide, and two to two and onehalf feet extreme height above the ground level. The long axis

of this mound ran easterlywesterly. Near point marking intersection

of major and minor axes, and about twentyfour inches below top,—there-

a layer of black materialfore almost directly at ground level,—we found

referred to by my companions as charcoal; and

on top of this layer the edge of a tablet was exposed. I removed the

slab with my own hands.

It proved to be a tablet of greenish slate about eleven and onehalf inches long, nine and onefourth inches wide, and threeeighths of an inch in thickness. On one side

of this [see illustration, the Noachian deluge. The

record is divided by horizontal double lines into five bands or zones as 10. A doublebladed ax of copper, befollows:

longing to the Soper collection, 7.7 inches

in greatest length, 6.3 in greatest width (1) The top band

junction at.2 inch in thickness about and of shows the "tribal mark,"central body. with the or wingblades side

Compared with other copper artifacts two pictographs of the found, this piece is heavy and massive. It

weighs a little over 1 pound and 5 ounces AllSeeing Eye with rays, avoirdupois.

two human figures, and other outlines, seemingly indicating the preaching of Noah under Divine commission, and the rejection of his message.

(2) The second band shows the flojd in progress with men and animals drowning and buildings being submerged.

(3) The third band shows the ark afloat with a number of undeciphered characters, and two parallelograms each divided into forty 1060 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

squares, explained by my companions as indicating the duration of the flood as of forty days and forty nights; and the sun half risen above the

waters, glibly explained by Scotford as indicating the return of prosperity to the imprisoned mariners.

(4) The fourth band or panelzone shows the sun of prosperity fully risen, the ark at rest, men and animals disembarked or disembarking.

(5) The fifth band at the bottom of the slab shows the rainbow set in the heavens as a symbol of the Divine covenant that the earth should not be again overwhelmed by water.

On the reverse [see illustration No. 6] there appear:

(1) At top the "tribal mark."

(2) Beneath this, in central position, two bands of warriors, one party wearing helmets and bearing bows and arrows; the other party

wearing feathers as headgear and armed with spears. One of the

plumed band, presumably the chief, lies dead.

(3) Below the last band are shown two busts of human form, one plumed, the other helmeted, with halfmoon and lines leading to a calendar disc below. Immediately below the helmeted head lies a prostrate

warrior. It would appear also that a peacemaker is here indicated,

striving to prevent further hostilities between the armed bands.

(4) Still lower is the calendarcircle or zodiac of thirteen divisions, the risen sun over waters on the left.

Nothing further was developed in this mound. It should be

remarked, however, that we dug but little after the last find. We

opened six other hummocks, but after a very brief digging into each, the work was abandoned at the suggestion of Soper and Scotford, because, as they explained, there was no appearance of the black or charcoal, layer. We dug into two others in which the black layer was revealed

but nothing was found in the matter of "relics."

About the ninth mound dug into after leaving the site of the last find, was an irregular hummock with the stump of a large, hollow tree in place. Under the stump near center of the hummock and practically

at or near the general ground level, we came across a knife of thin copper, with furruled receptacle for handle. [See illustration No. 7].

On one side was the "tribal mark"with a rude X. The other side was

without inscription. We returned to town as darkness approached.

I have given the foregoing transcript of notes made at the time with a view of setting forth my own impressions and opinions in the early stages of my investigation. It will be seen that even

at that time I recognized evidence of spuriousness in the "relic"

THE "MICHIGAN RELICS."1061

finds,I have tried to maintain an open state of mind, however, until the accumulation of evidence became decisive.

Leaving Detroit, I went on to New York and later to Washington, and exhibited the six pieces found by mvself to the archeologists at the American Museum of Natural History, New York, and at the Bureau of American Ethnology, Washington. The finds

were pronounced "fakes"both at New York and Washington, but not one of the ethnologists consulted ventured to give definite and specific reasons for his conclusions,

Thereupon I returned to Detroit, *nd without announcing my presence to the men whom I had met on my former visit, and indeed with some precautions against revealing my 11. Copper tablet belonging to the identity, I returned to the

Soper collection. Approximately 6

inches by 3 1-2 inches. This is said field of my former exploit,

to have been dug iip in Gratiot county, Michigan, in 1898. Inscriptions and, with the help of hired

co.mprise the "tribal mark"both at

ton and bottom; a calendar circle diggers, opened up twentyother with 13 divisions, straightline two mounds similar in gencharacters, crescents. and 2 moon

eral [appearance to those in which under Scotford's skilful digging, I had found so many artifacts; but not one of the twenty two yielded so much as a

scrap in the way of artifact or "relic."Of course this is in the

nature of negative evidence only, but negative evidence may be important, and when cumulative may become decisive.

After my return home from this visit, I learned of the activity of a Mr. Rudolph Etzenhouser, who, it seems, had been promoting a

plan of publishing a booklet relating to the finds. This gentleman, I

subsequently learned, 'was an official of the Reorganized Church of 1062 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Latterday Saints. In the early part of 1910 there appeared in

print a brochure entitled "Engravings of Prehistoric Specimens from Michigan, U.S.A.; Copyright, 1910, by Rudolph Etzenhouser,

Proprietor."In addition to the foregoing the title page bears the

following imprint:

engraver's certificate The originals from which the accompanying reproductions were made have been carefully inspected by us. We certify that the halftones are accurate reproductions of the prehistoric originals. Van

Leyen & Hensler, Detroit, Michigan.

Over the signature of Rudolph Etzenhouser appears an "Introduction"from which the following excerpts are taken:

Students of American archaeology will find in the following pages reproductions of the monuments of a race of primitive Americans, monuments of a people whose existence has hitherto been involved in an obscurity as complete as that which enveloped their history. Some of the

specimens are of stone, some of copper, and others of clny. They have

been unearthed for the most part, through the efforts of amateur investigators, and lepresent the contents of hundreds of mounds scattered over the Lower Peninsula of Michigan. The language inscribed on these tablets has not as yet been interpreted but will doubtless, some day, succumb to the advance of philology, and they will perhaps yield an interesting chapter to the ancient history of this continent.

To Mr. Daniel E. Soper, of 1110 Ford Building, Detroit, Michigan,

belongs the credit of having been for several years the moving spirit in the investigation of these prehistoric relics of Michigan.

Mr. Soper's absorbing interest led him to approach men of science.

Some who had specially questioned the geuuineriess of the rdics were invited to be upon the ground for special research to determine the facts. None of these latter have responded as yet, though it is hoped

they may later on.......... Rev. James Savage, of 116 Porter Street, Detroit, Michigan,

first came to the aid of Mr. Soper, and assisted him admirably and

untiringly. Later the undersigned became interested and joined them

in their efforts.

If this brochure serves to arouse the interest of students of philology or those engaged in historical and archseological research, in this investigation, it will not have been compiled in vain.

Yours respectfully, Rudolph Etzenhouser.

THE "MICHIGAN RELICS."1068

The brochure contains fortyfour large octavo page?, of plate

illustrations, and as a product of the printer's art, is good.

Among the two to three hundred objects in the collections of

Messrs. Soper and Savage, I select a few for specific mention. Of

the accompanying illustrations, Nos. 13 and 17 are reproductions

of photographs furnished by Rev. James Savage; all others are

from original negatives made by myself:

Illustration No. 8: A copper spearhead, 7 inches long, belonging

to the Soper collection. This is inscribed with the "tribal mark"only.

In common with many other of the copper pieces, this shows surface markings due to a crystalmagma such as would be produced in an acid solution in which the copper was immersed, and such as is unknown in the case of copper pieces corroded by atmospheric oxidation due to the slow processes of time.

Illustration No. 9: A copper

blade with upturned point and attached ferrule for handle, 7.7 inches

long, belonging to the Soper collection.

It is inscribed on one side only, showing thereon the "tribal mark"within an enclosure of small rings.

12. Copper tablet belonging to the Soper collection. Illustration No. 10: A large and

Said to have been found in Isabella County, Michigan, somewhat elaborately decorated copper

August, 1897. The tablet piece, suggesting a doubleblade batmeasures 5.8 by 4.1 inches

and is of about inch in tleax with spearpoint. This belongs

thickness. In common with

several other of the copper to the Soper collection. Compared

of this pieces, the surface of with other copper weapons this piece the effect tablet shows the crystallization of copis massive. Most of the copper blades

per salts in the process of corrosion by acid. and points are of thin metal, almost

sheetlike.

Illustration No. 11: Copper tablet belonging to the Soper collection, approximately 6 inches long by 3.5 inches wide. The inscription

comprises what seems to be a calendarcircle of thirteen divisions, the "tribal mark,"which appears twice, other straightline characters, and two delineations of the moon, quarterfull.

Illustration No. 12: Copper tablet belonging to the Soper collec1064 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tion, approximately 5.8 inches by 4.1 inches. This shows most plainly

the surface markings due to the crystallization of copper salts in the process of acid corrosion.

Illustration No. 13: Copper tablet belonging to the Savage collection. In comparison with others of the copper tablets this is thick; it is

a little over 8 inches in length and about the same in width. It is referred

to by Father Savage, as also by Messrs. Soper and Etzenhouser, as the

''and is described by them as an independent ''Ten Commandment Tablet, version of the Decalogue. For this inference or conclusion as to the nature

of the tablet, there seems to be no good reason aside from the fact that the slab is of shape to suggest a double tablet, and that it bears ten separate inscriptions numbered by dots. It will be observed that the

13. Copper tablet said to have been found near Blanchard, Montcalm County, Michigan, in 1907. This measures a little over 8 inches

both in length and width, and is in the form of a double tablet with two sets of bands or zones comprising five in each set. This is known

as the "Ten Commandment"tablet. This is one of the most carefully

inscribed artifacts belonging to these collections of "relics."The illustration is reproduced from a fullscale photograph furnished the

writer by Rev. James Savage, to whose collection the tablet belongs.

THEyMICHIGAN RELICS."1065

"Ten Commandments"here given are all of about equal length.

Illustration No. 14: Tablet of green slate belonging to the Soper

collection, 7.25 inches in length by a little over 5.75 inches in width.

On the side here shown is a pictographic representation of the Tower of

Babel in process of construction. The confusion of the builders is indicated as is also their consequent dissension. In the lower band or zone

appears a scene not easily explained by the record in Genesis. There

14. Tablet of green slate belonging to tbe Soper collection and

said to have been found near Detroit. January 8th, 1909. The tablet

measures 71 inches in length, by a little over 53 inches in width.

On the reverse side (not here shown) the tablet contains a crude pictographic representation of the Noachian flood, similar in general features to that shown in illustration No. 6, except that the rainbow is

omitted. On the side shown above, the building of the Tower of Babel

is indicated with confusion and contention arising among the builders. The bottom band has received no sufficient explanation from the

account of Babel given in Genesis.

1066 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

are outlines of several human figures in the attitude of reverential petition before the figure of a bird, usually understood to be the symbol f Divinity, with a number of tongues projecting from its beak.

It may be that this is intended as a representation of the petition presented by Jared and his followers asking the Lord not to confound their tongues (Book of Mormon, Ether 3: 3337). The reverse side of this

tablet, not here reproduced, contains a crude pictographic representation of the Deluge, similar in general features to that shown in No. 6, except

that there are but four bands instead of five, the rainbow being omitted.

Illustrations Nos. 15 and 16: A tablet of black slate, about 8.1

inches long by 5.5 inches wide, belonging to the Soper collection. On

one side is a roughlydrawn human head, with an attempted delineation of an Egyptian headgear, beneath which appear two pyramids in outline.

On the reverse appear a number of rough pictographs and hieroglyphs, as also a variety of nondescript characters. Some of the characters are

arranged in vertical columns, others in horizontal bands. The most

prominent horizontal band on the reverse side (No. 16) was explained to

me by Father Savage as a delineation of the priests of Baal in perturbation over their failure to call down heavenly fire, and the repose of

Elijah (the figure with the bird's head, indicating his Divine commission) who stands by his altar, serene and sure (see I Kings 18: 1840). This

is one of the most carefully made of the slate tablets seen by me, and is of so fresh an appearance as to suggest practical newness.

Illustration No. 17: A tablet of black slate, 8 by 5.5 inches,

belonging to the Savage collection. On one side a battle scene is depicted;

the combatants comprise two parties, one helmeted and bearing bows and arrows, the others topknotted or wearing feathers and armed with spears. It may be observed that the feathertopped warriors are

clothed in trousers and sweaters of modern make. On the reverse side

appears the calendarcircle of thirteen sections, with other delineations.

In the early discovery of these "relics,"the tablets and otker objects found were mostly of clay. Some of the clay pieces were

unbaked and fragile. In the criticism offered as early as 1890

it was shown that such tablets could not have held together in moist earth for even a period of months, to say nothing of years and centuries. With upto-date enterprise the discoverers ceased

to find objects of clay, and forthwith produced from the "mounds"artifacts of slate and copper. The later tablets of

more enduring material are strikingly similar to the earlier and more perishable sort, in the matter of inscriptions. The clay

THE ''MICHIGAN RELICS. 1087

15. Tablet of black slate belonging to the Soper collection. Said

to have been found near Detroit, Michigan, May 14th, 1908. The tablet

is 8.1 inches long by 5.5 inches wide, and.4 inch in greatest thickness. The crude picture seems to be an attempt to outline an Egyptian face with headgear, with a representation of the pyramids below. The scouring lines made by abrasive powder are very plain.

For reverse see illustration No. 16.

1068 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tablets were impressed with dies or type pieces, of which several samples have been found. I have seen and handled over a dozen

of them,—readymade typeplates of Noah in the attitude of a

preacher, others of the ark and the dove. If these things were

genuinely archaic, their discovery would set back the first use of moveable types far beyond the earliest authentic record of such application. The copper tablets of more recent manufacture have

been imprinted by dies and not by the cutting of graving tools.

As a result of my investigation, I am thoroughly convinced that the alleged "relics"are forgeries and that they are made and buried to be dug up on demand. In my investigation I have

endeavored to maintain a judicial and unbiased condition of mind, and to carefully consider and weigh the evidence on both sides.

Among the reasons leading me to the conclusion that these alleged archeological relics are spurious, are the following:

(1) According to the evidence I have been able to gather, practically all discoveries of the Michigan "relics"thus far announced have been made by James 0. Scotford, of Detroit, or by

his sonin-law, Scoby, or by parties who, like myself, have been operating for the timebeing under guidance of the men named.

Now, were these "relics"actually of ancient burial, and were they as generally distributed as reports of the discoveries would indicate, there would surely be some accidental finds. It is reasonable to

believe that some of the "relics"would have been dug up in the clearing of the woodlands, in the making of excavations incident to building operations, and in the breakingup of land for agricultural purposes. As a matter of fact, however, there seems to

have been no discovery of these "relics"except such as have been made by parties who have gone into the field for the purpose, usually with witnesses at hand ready to attest the conditions of the finds. Of all the purported relics that have come to my

notice I have thus far failed to find one that has been unearthed or dug up by others than parties who were in the field for the express purpose of making such discoveries.

(2) The conditions of burial seem to preclude a possibility of ancient interment. The objects are generally found within a foot

or two feet of the surface, and I have heard of no credible instance of any one of these objects having been exposed through nature's

THE "MICHIGAN RELICS."1069

weathering, attested by parties other than those well known to be skilled in making these finds. Nevertheless did these objects exist

by the hundreds in these little mounds, within a short distance of

16. Reverse of No. 15. The broad central band was explained to

me by the parties most renowned in the findingof these "relics"as a pictograph of the notable scene in which figured so conspicuously the

Prophet Elijah, and the priests of Baal (I Kings 18:1840).

1070 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

the surface, it is beyond human belief that they should never be uncovered except by prearranged digging. Furthermore there is

absolutely no evidence that appeals to me as proof that these little mounds are graves. It has been assumed that the "relics"

were buried with the dead, and the area within which they are found has been referred to as a great necropolis. Yet not even

a single tooth has been discovered in any one of these mounds to mark the pesence of a buried body. (3) Most of the objects are so fresh as to be practically new. Some of the

slate tablets I have seen and handled, suggest the thought that they may have just left the maker's hands. The lines

made by the graving tools, when examined microscopically, s'ow fresh fractures, practically indistinguishable from 17. A tablet of black slate belonging

to the Savage collection, said to have been others made in the found near Grayling, Crawford County,

Michigan, August 9, 1909. The tablet meascourse of experiures 8 by 5 1-2 inches. The battle scene

forming the principal pictureon the side ment at the time of here shown is of exceedingly crude execution. The warriors fighting with spears apthe examination.

pear to be clothed in modern sweaters and (4) The copper trousers.

pieces, while generally of an attractive greenness, due to the coating of verdigris, have evidently been corroded by rapid chemical treatment and not by the slow processes of time. The green layer on every piece I have seen

is thin and nonadherent, easily wearing off even'with careful handTHE "MICHIGAN RELICS."1071

ling, leaving a surface clean and smooth except for the slight roughness produced by chemical action. Moreover, the surface of

the copper pieces generally shows the outlines of crystal aggregates due to the formation of copper compounds in the process of chemical corrosion.

(5) The copper of which these articles are fashioned is ordinary commercial copper, smelted from sulphurbearing and arsenical ores. It is not native copper, such as the copper objects taken

from genuinely ancient mounds in this country are known to be.

This conclusion as to the character of the metal is based on chemical analyses made in my own laboratory and elsewhere, and on conductivity determinations made at the Smithsonian Institution, Washington.

(6) The way in which the pieces of slate and copper have been fashioned indicates their modern origin. On the

edge of the copper battleax unearthed by myself (see illustration, No. 2) the

equi - distant and regular marks of a modern file are revealed by the lens.

18. Reverse of No. 17. Here appear Onthe edges of the

the calendar circle with 13 sections, and what appears to be an attempt to record black slate tablet the death of one of the fighters, with indication of date. This picture and No. 7 referred to as one

furphotographs from reproduced are of my discoveries James Savage. by Rev. the writer nished

( see frontispiece ) the tooth marks of a modern saw are plainly seen. Practically

in these collecevery other of the many slate tablets seen by me 107 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tions has rounded edges. This particular piece has edges but

slightly rubbed down, and the sawmarks are plain. By the way,

this piece, which of all the pieces examined by me is the most flagrant instance of modern workmanship, has been the subject of a somewhat animated correspondence. Its return has

been demanded. As the piece was unearthed by a digger in my

employ, whose services were engaged and paid for by me, I cannot understand any claim of ownership superior to my own, except possibly that of the man who made and buried the object.

(7) The inscriptions themselves condemn the "relics"as forgeries. The persistency with which the ''tribal mark"appears

on every object from an arrowpoint to the most elaborately inscribed tablet indicates rather a modern fad than an ancient custom. All authenticated Hebrew and Egyptian inscriptions are

known to be made with care. Such inscriptions may be stilted

and stiff in their outlines, but nevertheless they are made with scrupulous attention to conventional detail and show none of the haphazard, offhand, slovenly sketching revealed by these Michigan forgeries.*

(8) The characters are a jumble thrown together without regard to origin. Some of them are copied frm the Moabite

Stone, others from the Icelandic Runestones, others from the

Phoenician, Egyptian, ancient Greek and early Hebrew alphabets, with heretofore unknown variations.

I lay no claim to originality or priority in thus denouncing the Michigan "relics"as forgeries. Soon after I began the

investigation I learned that such finds had been so pronounced by able men years before I had ever heard of them. Nevertheless I

resolved to undertake the investigation as a subject of new and individual examination. Prof. Francis W. Kelsey, of the University of Michigan, and Prof. Morris Jastrow, of the University of

* See an open letter to the author written by Miss Miriam Brooks, under date of August 8, 1911; Deseret Evening News, Salt Lake City,

August 12, 1911.

f

THE "MICHIGAN RELICS."1073

Pennsylvania, long ago denounced the forgeries and warned collectors against them.*

Later publications discrediting the Michigan finds have appeared, some of them dating but a few weeks back.

In the foregoing reference is made, by footnote, to an open letter addressed to the author by Miss Miriam Brooks, said letter having been published in the Deseret Evening News of August 12, 1911. The letter embodies a spontaneous expression of opinion

by a gifted student of art and history, young, ardent and capable;

as such it is valuable as an instance of the impression made upon a receptive though wholly disinterested mind as to the character of these "relics."The open letter as published, and as unseen

by the present writer prior to its appearance in print, follows, with editorial caption and introductory comment in full.

(From the Deseret Evening News, Salt Lake City Utah,

August 12, 1911).

THOSE SPURIOUS MICHIGAN FINDS.

Miss Miriam Brooks adds to the proof of the Jraud in the artifacts taken jrom the mounds in the vicinity of Detroit, Michigan.

Following the publication by the News last Saturday of Dr.

James E. Talmage's article on the spurious "archelogicaP 'finds

in Michigan, Miss Miriam Brooks has written a letter to Dr. Talmage through the columns of the News. In concluding his article

last week, Dr. Talmage said that space limitations prevented a

further analysis or discussion of the subject at the time, but that in the future such further treatment was probable. It may be

that the points covered in the letter which follows would have been

* See the Nation, January 28, 1892, and reference thereto in the

American Anthropologist, Volume 10, Number 1, JanuaryMarch, 1908.

f See article by Prof. Francis W. Kelsey, in'.the Nation, 1910; the

article is signed under date of May 31, 1910. See statements by Prof.

Frederick Starr, of the University of Chicago, in Chicago Examiner,

July 28 and 30, 1911; also statement by Prof. J. 0. Kinnaman, in the

Detroit News, August 2, 1911. See, further, a report on the subject in

the American Antiquarian and Oriental Journal, September, 1911.

1074 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

in Dr. Talmage's further discussion of the subject, together with

others requiring much effort. Miss Brooks'letter brings out some

interesting points and further adds to the evidence of the spurious nature of the "finds."Her letter follows:

Silver Lake, Utah, Aug. 8, 1911.

Dr. James E. Talmage, Salt Lake City, Utah.

interested in your article on the Dear Sir—Having been very much

archaeological finds in Michigan, in the Saturday News, I would like to suggest a piece of evidence which I think is very strong against tbeir being genuine.

The drawing is not that of ancient Hebrews and Egyptians. While

the figures, objects and hieroglyphics chosen and their strange mode of arrangement is somewhat similar to the kind of things the ancients drew, the drawing of them is not at all like that of the ancients. The

old Egyptians and Hebrews made strange figures, wooden in appearance, and not greatl> resembling human beings or animals as they are; but the

way in which they were drawn in perfection of line and design has been unsurpassed in any art of any age. These drawings on the newly found

slates, as indicated by the newspaper reproductions, are nothing but "hen scratches,''with no pretense to any kind of beauty or design. The

art of the ancients was so one with their religion, that every line and figure was drawn and composed with the greatest kind of religious care and feeling. Each picture was a design so perfect in every detail of

composition that they have been used as models throughout the ages since. In these slates there is no good element of design at all—merely

an attempt at grotesque arrangement of certain groups scarcely resembling the ancient drawings even in absurdity or native primitiveness.

Taking the first slate (Fig. 1; see illustrations, Nos. 5 and

6) showing the story of Noah and the Ark. The marginal lines

of this drawing have been ruled, in places over or double ruled and the corners overlap each other. Such slovenliness is not

to be found in ancient art. That alone would condemn it. Some of

the panel lines too, run over into the margin and the inner marginal line is ruled without a break past the panel lines. Such a detail in bad drawing, I think, is not to be found in old hieroglyphics. The Egyptian or

Hebrew would probably have done thus: made the panels each a separate

rectangle with the corners well joined and then drawn the marginal line around them. It would have made the same effect of double lining. Taking the figures in the first panel: that of the king at the right is not even a

good schoolboy drawing. They made a mistake in putting a modern coat

on him with a long, straight sleeve and a crown like that of Queen VicTHE "MICHIGAN RELICS."1075

toria. The man in the left corner, supposedly Noah preaching, is decidedly dressed in a modern coat; one leg is knickerbockered and the other

is trowsered; one arm is half grown and the other is full grown. When

an Egyptian made arms and legs he made them stiff and conventional but he made them uniform. All the other hieroglyphics are helterskel-

ter and scratchy, having no conventionality or pretense to design whatever.

The second panel is too ridiculous. The building is a cross between

an old German or English castle and a New York skyscraper. The man

who drew the drowning figures evidently had for his ideal the funny sheet of the Sunday paper: in fact, the whole thing belongs to that class;

a class of art, in which, if an ancient should have indulged, he would most assuredly have been put to death. Their drawings were their sacred

records. The representation of water in Egyptian art formed a particularly beautiful and conventional part of their designs; as did also the

sun and the sun's rays; and their arks bear no resemblance whatever to

a modern street car afloat. The doorway in the ark of these slates is semirectangular in one corner and arched in the other. They strove to be more

convincing; and made either an ark beautiful in proportion and curve, or

a rectangle well joined at the corners. My technical knowledge is very

limited, but I believe they used the arch somewhat. All the other drawings, as represented in these reproductions, are on a par with the first two

panels. The figures representing ideal images are particularly ridicu-

I should say, particularly bad, and ridiculous to suppose that thelous—or

ancients could have been guilty of them. In the helmets there has been

no attempt made or care taken to make perfect and regular spaces off in a hurry and nowherebetween the lines—they have been scratched

in the slates is there any evidence of number having been taken into account. With the ancients, every number had a mystic significance,

and in their hieroglyphics, not only was every line religiously made beautiful, but each line and number of lines had a particular religious and mystic meaning, and their designs are carefully worked out according to these numbers and their various meanings. Nothing was ever so

scratched that they might be any number, having no meaning. In fact,

there is no line in an ancient record drawing, not even those of mere ornament, which does not have some importance.

The ancient drawings were stiff and conventional and perhaps crude in of line and space, and uniformity being unnatural—but as for beauty

and perfect balance of figures in design and composition, they represent part of the fine art of all ages. No Egyptian or ancient Hebrew could

possibly have created the sorry "Hooligan"Indian with the splintered. 1076 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

skyrocket spear represented as killing the tenyear-old schoolboy's helmeted man on the war story side of the large slate. When an Egyptian

drew anything at all, he drew it well according to their standards. There

were no helterskelter dabblers in art in those days. Drawing was the

result of their life; it was not only one with their religion;but it was the

historical record of their religion and of the life of their nation, and all the dignity of their earnest purpose and love was put into each slate and these were made only by the educated ones.

The man who made these counterfeits did not study carefully enough the real archeological slates and the art that is in them. In trying to

imitate these, he evidently saw them as nothing more than queer stuff made most any old way.

Hoping that this suggestion may prove of some value to you, I am

Respectfully yours.

Miriam Brooks.

Nature Proclaims a Deity.

There is a God! The herbs of the valley, the cedars of

the mountains, bless him; the insect sports in his beam; the bird

sings him in the foliage; the thunder proclaims him in the heavens;

the ocean declares his immensity; man alone has said "There is no

God!"Unite in thought at the same instant the most beautiful

objects in Dature. Suppose that you see, at once, all the

hours of the day, and all the seasons of the year—a morning of

night bespangled with stars,spring and a morning of autumn—a

and a night darkened by clouds—meadows enameled with flowers

hoary with snow—fields gilded by the tints of autumn—forests

alone you will have a just conception of the universe!—then

While you are gazing on that sun which is plunging into the vault of the west, another observer admires him emerging from the gilded gates of the east. By what incoiceivable power does that

aged star, which is sinking fatigued and burning in the shades of the evening, reappear at the same instant fresh and humid with the rosy dew of the morning? At every hour of the day, the glorious orb is at once rising, resplendent as noonday, and setting in

the west; or rather, our senses deceive us, and there is, properly

speaking, no east or west, no north or south in the world. Chateaubriand.

The Open Road.

BY JOHN HENRY EVANS, OF THE LATTERDAY SAINTS UNIVERSITY.

Part 1.—Being a Few of Brocketts'Early Adventures

with Some Account of Him.

Adventure 1. Which Tells What Happened Because the

Woman With the Eagle Eye Walked in Front.

The long double column of boys moved slowly down the pathway to the old stone church on the corner.

Two nuns headed the procession, and two brought up the modest women, their white, upturned bonrear—palefeatured,

nets, white, expansive collars, and black, flowing robes contrasting gravely with the hundred and odd drab figures in clogs and twilled caps, also drab, that occupied the space between. All but

one, and she walked in front, florid of countenance and mottled, looking now neither to the right hand nor to the left.

least, those of them who were CathThe towns people—at

olics, and that included pretty much the population of Vinningen turned out of a Sabbath morning when the weather was—always

fine, to view the orphans on their way to church. For there is

something eternally fascinating in a compact body of marchers, whether of trained soldiers, of demure monks and nuns, or only of plain, common folk. Perhaps, too, the fact that these boys were

fatherless and motherless urchins living on theorphans—poor,charity of these very townspeople—was what drew not only the

eves of the spectators, but their hearts as well. Anyway, there

they were, sympathetic and grave, waiting for the last of the pro-.

1071 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

cession to pass reverently,by the priest at the door, before they should go in themselves.

As for those hundred and more drab figures in clogs and twilled caps, they were an interesting lot aside from the fact that they were orphans. Boys there were as tall as you could expect

fourteen winters and slim provender to yield, and other boys as short as five years and other slim provender would permit, with all the ages and sizes and varieties between. Mostly they were

lean, but some, with a stretch of the imagination, might be termed stout. Presently you shall know the reason. With respect to

this matter of length and breadth and thickness, though, you could only conjecture what might bs if conditions had been different.

This between you and me, for the crowd took note only of the fact of orphanage. How should they know that the little people on the

hill were underfed? Did they not contribute liberally for their

keep, and was not the institution in the care of the church? And

so they observed only the sobriety of the young cubs, and the interorderly progress of the march—but with a sort of personal

est withal.

Brocketts knew this. Brocketts, you understand, was one of

the drab marchers in clogs and twilled caps. He had eyes and

ears about him, too, the rogue. There could be no doubt of that.

could readily see even if youPart of this fact—the ear part—you

were only a casual observer yourself, for these organs stood out amazingly from his head, as if in eagerness to catch every sound.

The other part you had to be more than a casual observer to make anything out not very singular thing, you will say, considerof—a

ing the general impression that every boy has eyes and ears. But

I stoutly maintain that it was a remarkable thing in Brocketts.

For how many of these other drab figures, big and little, had noticed that all the spectators this morning were on one side of the walk, whereas other Sunday mornings, for the most part, they were on both, and that she of the eagle eye and pockmarked face headed the column instead of tailing it as usual? Not one, as I

happen to know! And yet not a boy in that procession but would

give his best top, string and all, nay, even his fourbladed pocketknife, with only one blade broken out, for even a hint that these two things had happened together

SUBSCRIBE NOW FOR VOLUME FIFTEEN

YOUR SUBSCRIPTION EXPIRES WITH THIS:::: Please RenewNUMBER

ERMIT us to remind you that with the October issue of THE IMPROVEsub- MENT ERA your scription, now on our books,was completed. We

shall be happy to receive a renewal order from you, and hand you herewith on next page, time and remittance blanks for this purpose. If you will respond at once,

it willenclosing this order in your envelope, list, andenable us to keep your name on our thus avoid any interruption in the mailing of the magazine.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, City, Utah2022 Bishop's Bids. Salt Lake

15, or ifIf your subscription continues into Volume you have already renewed, please disregard this notice

SEE PROSPECTUS IN THE OCTOBER ERA

Attractive Features For New and

See the Prospectus in the October Era

IMPROVEMENT ERA, 2022 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

GENTLEMEN: Enclosed find $2 for which please continue my subscription issue of Noto Volume XV Improvement Era, beginning with vember, 1911, and send Manual.

Name Ward R. F. D...Street and Number

- P. O Date 1911 State

If subscription price is not enclosed draw a line through the $2 above and state here about the date you will pay.

I will pay about 191

Kindly get some friend who is not a subscriber to the ERA to fill in the blank below and send to this office with your renewal.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, 2022 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

GENTLEMEN: Enclosed please find $2 for a year's subscription to the IMPROVEMENT Era, Volume XV, beginning with the issue of November, 1911, and Manual.

Name Ward R. F. D Street and Number

P. O Date 1911 State

'Rjad carefully, and fill in all necessary blank spaces. You are entitled

to a Manual Free.

THE OPEN ROAD. 1079

These two facts, as I say, Brocketts had quickly taken notice of, the whereabouts of the head nun with respect to himself and the whereabouts of the crowd with respect to the pathway—the

former before he had got fairly out of the oblong house on the hill, the latter when he had gone but a little on his way. This

happy combination of circumstances he had been waiting for now a great while. One or the other had always been wanting. Either

the matron had brought up the rear with her sharp eye, or the spectators had formed that fatal avenue, in consequence of which the lines were thin at every point. And so, the wings of the boy's

thought fluttered, tremulous with anxiety.

"Say, kids, if I skit and don't bid goodbye to the sisters, you close up the gap so's I won't be missed."

This Brocketts whispered to his marching comrades fore and thrill. Noneaft and by his side—whereat they each experienced a

knew better than they what was about to happen! It had happened twice before in exactly the same way. No, not exactly,

either; for once the big matron was in the rear with her keen,

sweeping eye; the other time the crowd was divided. They assured

him, however, as to the little matter of the gap.

Fritz Kerwald, though, tossed him this bit of discouragement, "Suppose you're caught again?"

For everybody knew that the first escape had been followed by a mild flogging, that the second had resulted in so severe a lashing on the naked back, from a strap wielded dexterously in the big hand of the head nun, as to render it extremely inconvenient for Brocketts to lie down during the period of seventeen days, or rather nights, and that the third attempt would bring about what only the imagination of one who had been a long resident at the orphanage might conceive.

"Not this time!"was the confident reply.

"But you've been caught twice, you know."

"But the third time's the charm!"

Meanwhile, the procession moved on as if nothing but thoughts of the most abject submission possessed every boy's soul.

All the drab legs, little and big, stepped together; all the drab

heads, save one, turned only forward. Neither of the nuns in

front looked back; of the rear sisters, one was nearsighted,

1080 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Brocketts knew, and the other, a young and beautiful woman, would not dare to lift her pretty eyes to the vulgar crowd. And

the sun shone pleasantly, and the birds twittered hopefully in the spring leafage.

Presently young Brocketts shot into the crowd, the gap was filled by the next in line, and the drab figures and the hooded figures marched into the church. Presently, too, the worshipful

spectators disappeared in the sacred building. The only moving

thing outside was a solitary boy in drab darting behind a buttress in the rear of the church. It had all happened so quickly, so

silently, so naturally, that if she of the seeing eye had been back there in person, it is doubtful whether she would have observed anything amiss. To be sure, a small group of housewives at one

point had exchanged significant glances, but who could feel at all safe in predicating anything positively on the fact that women looked at one another and smiled?

Now, it happened that the corner made by the intersection of the buttress and the wall was hung with heavyleafed ivy. Into

this retreat the boy wormed himself from beneath, and stood there with too little of his drabness exposed to serve as a guide to anyone who did not know already that he was somewhere behind the church. Out from between the broad leaves he looked, first

at the stone wall that surrounded the building at a distance, and then at the solid pavement of gravestones between the church and the wall. He would remain here till his way was clear to fresh

woods and pastures new.

The figure of a man approached, "You going to run away?"

it said.

Brocketts started. What should he answer?

His intention to run away was so apparent, however, that the man did not even wait for a reply to his question.

"Why do you want to run away?"he asked the next minute.

"'Cause I hate the place, hate the sisters, and hate everybody!"the boy cried passionately, ''and I want to get away from

it all.""Well, to be caged up like a bird when the fresh air and the sun's calling to you, and the warm earth's crying out for your feet

I was there once myself."—I don't blame you.

THE OPEN ROAD. 1081

Brocketts showed a pair of glad eyes. "Then you'll help me?"

he asked eagerly.

"Sure! That's what I came back here for."

There followed a pause as if each was considering in what way t'hat could best be done. The man spoke.

"You'd better stay here till nightfall. They won't think of

looking for you so close by."

"I've decided to do that, sir."

"Very well, but you'll have to have something to eat."

That was very clear, too.

"I'll get you some,"the man resumed. "And you'll have to

have different clothes from those drab ones. They'll get you into

a trap right off, before you've gone farther away than the end of your nose. Let me see."

And there was another pause, for this last was evidently a knotty problem. Pretty soon, however, the man walked away.

But he came instantly back.

"You don't think I'm guying you, do you?"

"No, sir.""Well. And you'll be sure and stay here till I comeback?

I'llbe here as soon as it's dark."

"Yes, sir."

There was no doubt that he would. No deceiver ever spoke

in a voice like that, and so Brocketts waited patiently, though not without some discomfort from his longcontinued posture.

(to be continued.)

The Train of Human Progress.

{For the Improvement Era.)

Slowly moving from the station

Of the dim and distant past Rolls the train of human progress

O'er a desert drear and vast Evsr moving slowly onward O'er the mountains, through the vales,

Laden with its stores of knowledge,

With its faith that never fails.

1082 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Oft the stormking hurls the lightning

From the bosom of the cloud, Mantles all the world in darkness,

While his blasts are raging loud;

Clutches with his icy fingers Heavy billows of the deep, Dashes them with awful fury 'Gainst the rugged mountain steep.

But the train with steady motion

Moves along its stormswept way

To the station of advancement,

Toihe goal of brighter day.

Ever onward, ever onward, With its heroes strong and brave

Rolls the train of human progress

With its truths that bless and save.

When the stormking quells his passion,

When his rule of rage is o'er,

Gentle peace subdues the ocean

And his sceptre rules the shore,

Then, oh then, the train of progress

Rolls in triumph on its way O'er extensions of advancement,

Through the vales of brighter day.

thou train of human progress, What a mighty host you bear!

Men of might, undaunted heroes,

Youths and maidens fresh and fair,

Groups of happy, smiling children,

With their flags of promise bright,

All aboard the train of progress,

Bound for lands of love and light.

THE TRAIN OF HUMAN PROGRESS. 1083

Ah, I love the train of progress,

For it bears my fond desires;

Not the truth that won the battle,

But the truth that now inspires

Is the light the train of progress

Uses when it makes the run Prom the glory of the moonlight

To the glory of the sun.

Hark! I hear its whistle screaming!

Clear, oh, clear the shining track!

I can see its searchlight gleaming

Through its vapors dank and black;

I can hear the awful grinding Of the wheels upon the rail, As it whirls beyond the station

Where the hopes of heroes fail.

For the heroes had forgotten That the Lord had formed a plan

To construct a great extension

Far beyond the realms of man;

That the road had been completed,

And that all along the line Are the stations of advancement,

Both the human and divine.

This the soul of truth had told me,

When the night was dark and drear;

And I hushed my heart to listen

To its voice so sweet and clear.

Then I knew the train of progress

Would forever make the run From the glory of the moonlight

To the glory of the sun.

Alfred Osmond.

Provo, Utah.

The Boy Pioneers of Utah.

BY EUGENE L. ROBERTS, DIRECTOR OF PHYSICAL TRAINING, BRIGHAM

YOUNG UNIVERSITY.

The Boy Scout movement has awakened an interest and is gaining a firm foothold throughout the civilized world. The time

is apparently ripe for such an organization with its primitive and healthful activities for the boys. Civilization has of late progressed all too rapidly. Man has created for himself an artificial

environment which is making of him an artificial and decidedly superficial creature. This is shortening his life and decreasing his

efficiency. The world is experiencing an unprecedented age of

city building. Cities in Europe as well as America whose population has remained almost stationary for a century or more have,

during the last twentyfive or fifty years, doubled their numbers,

s? fy

}wg ff Bj 'B fcr jM *&, EfaJ

WPtPHSil 'nfl M m* W? * i 4J&\fF#i m ii! KIX

"s,.*H* F '*tP*-**Jlrtn,''''.'F V'*3v?*.... 1dK4p jffBHlfl i n**—w3WjS'-111mmIS

l E*2.: ':*!"..'

Photo by C. A. Wyman.

MORNING CALISTHENIC EXERCISES AT A RECENT OUTING OF BOY SCOUTS

IN UTAHCOUNTY.

THE BOY PIONEERS OF UTAH. 1085

while the country has been in danger of depopulation.

This increase of the city and decrease of the country population is due to several modern causes, prominent anong which are manufacture, invention and the increase of fascinating but debilitating pleasures associated with city life. The city has become a

hotbed of civilization where so called progress is ground out at the expense of thousands of lives yearly. Civilization and progress may be necessary, but the sacrifice of so many human lives

to produce these results is evidently a blundering waste. If it

were not for the continual influx of vigorous men and women from the farms and fields into the cities—if it were not for this stream

Photo by C. A. Wyman.

LINEUP FOR ROLL CALL AT TENT INSPECTION.

of good red blood flowing, year after year, into the anaemic* civilized centers, they would cease to exist. Rarely do more than

three or four generations survive continual residence in the big

cities.

As a result of this modern artificial life a perceptible degeneracy has occurred, and this has stimulated world wide movements of reform to offset the unfortunate results and to reclaim mankind for the natural and the sane. "Back to the Farm,"

"Back to Nature and the Primitive;""Out into God's Outof-

doors."These are some of the pleas made to remind man of his

heritage. And the pleas have been responded to from every

1088 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

where, indicating how ripe the time is for such reforms.

The hearts of great commercial districts have been hollowed out, and land worth a million dollars an acre has been planted with shrubbery, or turned into playgrounds or wading ponds for children. Parks and lawns occupy the places where great manufactories once stood. Swimming pools, gymnasiums and exercise

places adorn the crowded business centers; and other great efforts

are being made to give to the hothouse human plants as much of the breath of Nature's good life as is possible under the surroundings.

But even the country has suffered under the too rapid advance of Modernism. The invention of machinery to do the

work of many has driven all surplus working hands into the cities, and robbed those who remain of much of their strength and healthy originality. The American farmer of one hundred years ago and

the "Mormon"pioneer farmer of fifty years ago represented a type of verile physical manhood and healthy mentality which is too rare at present. Those pioneer farmers were products of their

struggles.

From boyhood they lived the natural life; they made things

with their own hands; produced the farm tools, and helped to make

the clothes they wore. Their education was therefore practical,

and their brains of the vigorous type, such as could think the original thought that counts in life. So, too, their physical activity was such as would produce a symmetrical development of all

the organs and tissues of the body. Following the plow grew

firm muscles on chest, abdomen, thigh and leg; swinging the

scythe, pitching hay, wrestling with weeds, and carrying goods to market, developed great muscles upon the back, neck and shoulders.

This straightened the spine and made the pioneer stand straight and square as God wants man to stand. His diet was plain and

nutritious, his religion simple and satisfying, his motional life normal and adequate.

The farmer of today is less fortunate. His modern, improved

machinery has apparently increased his ease and comfort, but it has decreased his efficiency in the total. The growing farmer boy

who needs allaround development and exercise, now rides his tools instead of wielding them. He sits inactive, with ribs

THE BOY PIONEERS OF UTAH. 1087

depressed and hollowchested, with shoulders rounded and head drooped, hour after hour, upon the machine while it cuts and binds the grain, cuts, gathers and stacks the hay, or weeds the garden.

His other activities are sufficient to give him better development than that of the average city boy; but contrasted with the condition of his ancestors, his development is onesided and

imperfect.

The modern farmer boy's education is far less practical than it used to be. His tools, implements and clothes are readymade,

and his mental training consists in booklearning. His diet is no

longer plain, because owing to improved farming methods, his

Photo by C. A. Wyman.

TYPICAL GROUP OF BOY SCOUTS IN LARGE TENT.

farm produces more than formerly, and this tempting abundance perverts his appetite. He eats more and works less.*

Our present farmer does not take his religion as simply and seriously as he should; he accepts it in a sort of halfhearted way,

and uses it, too often, as a means to a pecuniary end. His religion is the American dollar. He hungers for the alluring hum of

city life, and moves body and soul into its enervating dtpths as soon as his wealth will permit.

is needed in the country as well as We see then that reform

*The patent medicine houses in America, and quack doctors, claim that they get their best trade from the country districts.

1088 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

in the city. The farmer needs to be taught the worth of a simple

and rational life. His sons as well as the sons of the city millionaire can profit by such movements as "The Boy Scout Organization,"which aim to correct the deformities, as it were, of civilization, and give the boys of the world a healthy point of view

in life. Scouts are being recruited in all the country districts of

the East and the amount of good already done is inestimable.

The Boy Scout movement is founded upon sound principles and its results cannot but be worthy.

The Boy Scout must have good, red blood in his veins; his

muscles must be hard and wirey; his habits must be clean; he must

be athletic and able to run, leap and vault with the best of them;

he must be a good boxer and wrestler, and most of all a good worker; he must be brave, gentle, sympathetic, honorable; he

must be obedient and respectful to parents, to law and authority;

he must be reverent before God; he must learn to appreciate the

beautiful in Nature, and become intimate with God's creatures.

He must learn the simple laws of hygiene and sanitation; he must

be prepared to offer assistance to the injured; and, all in all, to

make his life count in the world.

This is demanded of the scout and taught to him in a practical and attractive way around the camp fire, on the mountain climb, hunting, fishing, swimming, or in the gymnasium. Every scout

Photo t>y C. A. Wjmin.

PART OF ONE GROUP DELEGATION, SHOWING PENANTS WON IN ATHLETIC

MEET.

THE BOY PIONEERS OF UTAH. 1089

whatever his nationality, has thus far yielded himself willingly to be moulded according to the above ideal. The ideal scout is held

constantly before him, and he tries hard to attain it. It is wonderful what transformation has taken place even in socalled incorrigibles after they have become interested in the scout organization.

Many of the hordes of boys, running in packs like wolves through the streets of large cities, have been rescued from their lawless lives, and are now active workers in scout companies.

Utah has need of a similar organization; the "Mormon"boy

hungers for something of the same kind, and much good could be accomplished by one. But conditions in Utah are, in a way*

peculiar, and demand peculiar treatment. The Boy Scout Organization has features which do not apply to conditions in Zion, and

it lacks much that is apparently needed in this community. We

need an organization of our own colored with our own "Mormon"ideals and fitted to our "Mormon"environment.

It was but yesterday that our fathers were engaged in vigorous pioneer struggles. They made themselves a magnificent generation

through their terrific fight against the desert and adverse circumstances. No one can read of their physical hardships and religious trials without being fired with admiration. But their work is

finished; they have made the desert bloom and built up a commonwealth; and their sons, lolling in comparative luxury, are gradually forgetting their debt to their fathers. The pale, citybred

boy, who has never camped on the deseret, nor seen the wilds, who has never tramped over the hills, nor "roughed"it, cannot truly sympathize with the struggles of his father. He reads or

listens to stories picturing the pioneer life, but he cannot appreciate; he imagines, but not clearly; thrills, but not deeply; is interested, but not enthusiastically.

The pioneer life is gone and "Modernism"threatens to wipe out even the memory of it. A generation hence and the sons and

daughters of the pioneers may be just as shallow and frivolous and indifferent as the weaklings on the streets of New York, removed several generations from their pioneer ancestors.

But this condition is unneccessary. If the Boy Scout Organization can take the New York City lad out into the forests of New

1090 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

York state and let him live the life his father lived,and develop in him a wholesome sympathy for and appreciation of the work done by the early pathfinders of America, how much more so could such a movement here in the west among the "Mormons"bring the youth of Zion into close and lasting relationship with our fathers and forefathers!

Such a local organization might be called the "Boy Pioneers of Utah."It could be an adjunct to the Mutual Improvement

Association. Officers in one could be officers in the other. Membership in one could constitute membership in the other. The

Photo byC. W.Carter

AN EMIGRANT TRAIN IN ECHO CANYON, 1867.

new organization could function principally during the summer.

Its organization could be patterned somewhat after Brigham

Young's organization of the pioneers. It can embrace all the salient features of the Scouts with more or less the same code of

honor, the same activities, and with the same purposes in general;

but in addition it can aim to preserve the memory of the pioneers, and to teach reverence and sympathy for their religious struggles. The boys in their camps and "powwows"can relive, as it

were, the pioneer lives. They can simulate their hardships, imitate their courage and steadfastness, and follow their code of

moral teachings. 1 have spoken about such an organization to

THE BOY PIONEERS OF UTAH. 1091

several young men and boys and they have all been enthusiastic over it. Their faces brightened at the thought of playing pioneers, living for a few weeks each year in the open, learning woodcraft, hunting, fishing, swimming, providing food for starving

camps, pushing hand carts, furnishing aid to the sick and injured, preparing the rustic meal, listening to stories around the campfire told by real pioneers, singing hymns, holding councils of war against Indians, guarding camp, blazing trails, planning irrigation

-Safes

.\sJ$*s&zJi*m&

Photo by C. W. Carter.

GOING ON A MISSION IN 1867.

A company of "Mormon"missionaries in Echo canvon on their way

East. systems on the desert, laying out cities—and numberless other

things the pioneers had to do.

If such an organization did no more than stimulate a healthy enthusiasm and create a loyal admiration of these noble pioneers, who blessed these western deserts with their God directed efforts, it would justify itself. But it will do more than this. Like the

Boy Scout movement, it can be made a magnificent factor in the characterbuilding of the young. It will help to offset the unf >r-

tunate results of civilization by giving the boys a sane attitu le 1092 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

toward life, by creating in them a love for simple life and simple pleasures, and by stimulating their fullest physical and moral development.

Of course, it will require leadership; but the question of leadership is solved beforehand in the "Mormon"Church. It will

require the best brains and enthusiasm in the Church to perfect the organization and work out the intricate details. But when

once accomplished, it will stimulate a new interest, will fill the empty benches of the Mutual Improvement Association, and can be made a lasting monument to the memory of the pioneers—a veritable

"passover"in preserving the story of their pilgrimage across the plains and their subsequent struggle with the desert.

Prcvo City, Utah.

Elder F. B. Hammond, president of the Norwich conference, England, writes to his son, F. P. Hammond, who is studying medicine in

Chicago, and gives this valuable little illustration: "I pray that your

mind may be fruitful in learning the attributes of the physical body, but that you will not forget the spiritual body. If the physical body

does not get the right kind of food, it may need a physician to prescribe what will be best for it to bring it to a healthy condition. It is just so

with the spiritual body. If it does not get the spiritual food required, it

will be sick and need a physician. There are hundreds of thousands who

are spiritually sick, but do not know what ails them. They take it for

granted that if they believe in Jesus Christ, they will be healed, but belief alone in the doctor will not heal them. They must take the

medicine prescribed, the work that shall make them whole. The Savior,

who is the great Physician, said that to be saved one must be born again of the water and of the spirit. Paul, the great apostle, said at the day

of Pentecost, 'Repent of your sins, and be baptized, and you shall receive the Holy Ghost.'He has the spiritual medicine that mankind needs in

order to be healed."A few words of advice to his son are that he may

keep the commandments of God, pay his tithes and offerings, love his fellowmen, honor the Sabbath day, attend his meetings, and partake of the spiritual food given to us by our great Physician, Jesus, through the inspiration of the Holy Ghost.

Little Problems of Married Life. *

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN.

IV.—Living in Boarding Houses and Hotels.

When some kind birdlover, in a mansion facing Central

Park, had a fine threestory birdhouse built and placed in a big elm that extended its green branches over the park wall and across the roadway we were all interested. It was really a triumph in carpentry and it bore proudly, in large painted letters

across its front, the name, "Birds'Apartment House,"so that the house hunting birds could read and understand. And as an

extra inducement to secure tenants a generous supply of nestbuilding material was placed on each of the three floors. With a

neighborly interest you may say was just idle curiosity, I waited the coming of the first tenants.

It was not long before the grandeur of the edifice caught the eye of a busy, chirping robin. He twittered speculatively near

the open door as if attracted by the sign but fearing the rent would be too high. Then he boldly entered the groundfloor apartment. In a few moments he came out and flew away till my eyes

could no longer follow the black speck in the distance. Soon he

returned with another bird and, idly speculating on my neighbor's affairs, as mortals will, I presumed the new bird was his financee whom he had called for to go househunting. The young couple

stayed within but a little while and then, perched on the ledge as if studying the neighborhood, they chattered excitedly as if conferring on the wisdom of their choice. It was really not my affair

* Copyright, 1910, by Fleming H. Revell Company.

1094 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

at all, you know, and I did not mean to be in the least intrusive, but somehow I felt confident they would take th place.

Next morning, bright and early, a twittering, cheery "chee chee,"and a rustle of wings made me turn my eyes to the house in the trees, and I was sure that the new family were moving in.

Soon, to my surprise, I saw twigs, sticks, blades of grass, tufts of cotton and strands of hair pushed and pulled inpatiently through the open doorway by the indignant birds, and fall fluttering into the street. Then the two birds scurried off on a shopping expedition in the neighborhood and soon brought back in their tiny bills

twigs and other furnishings of their own. Then I understood it

birds'instinctive protest against beginning theirall—it was the

wedded life in furnished rooms; they wanted to build their own

home in their own sweet way.

I agree with the birds. Furnished rooms, boardinghouses

and hotels can never be true "homes"for married people. At

their best, they are but substitutes, not equivalents. They lack

the sense of possession, of privacy, of permanency and of personality that gives an atmosphere of peace and sacredness to a home of one's own, no matter how small, how modest and plain it may be. They bear the same relation to real homes that an incubator

imitation of a living reality.does to a hen—a mechanical

In her own home the wife reflects her individuality as naturally as the sun radiates light and heat. In boardinghouse rooms

she has little care and responsibility, slight incentive or opportunity to exercise her individual taste—to give those personal feminine touches that grace a real home. Her one or two rooms

have not the furnishings she would have selected; they have not

the loveable familiarity and the storied memories that may make an old walnut dresser of her own dearer to her than some one else's mahogany masterpiece.

The little personal treasures and dainty ornaments that she carefully places around to add a touch of color and brightness and to take a little from the strangeness of it all seem a studied, pathetic, evident attempt at cheerfulness, like a forced smile struggling through tears. When she hangs a beribboned calendar

over a grease spot on the wall that is reminiscent of the head of some prior tenant, or launders her handkerchiefs at the washstand

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE. 1095

and spreads them flat on the windowpane or the mirror to dry, and tries new ways of disguising the presence of a row of dressladen hooks that constitute the overflow from her one insignificant apology for a closet it all seems so woefully cramped, and temporary, and unsatisfying. It is not at all the home her girlish

dreams pictured. There is no pride of personal possession.

From lack of real occupation her days are long and wearisome; she has not that absorbing stimulus which in a home of her

own would fill her hours with duties transmuted into pleasures.

The days of inaction are often consciously filled with timekillers, like reading, walking, shopping, matinees, visiting, and overelaborate care of her clothes, which instead of being episodes of change in her daily life become almost the whole story.

There is, too, the constant, forced association with those she does not like, whose presence irritates, whose jests jar when she is not in the mood for them, and whose tales of private griefs poured into her unwilling ears make the lamentations of Jeremiah seem joyful by contrast. There is no sense of privacy, there is

the feeling of living constantly on parade, with a constant curb of expression on the emotions. Though her heart may be worn

and weary and her mind worried she must put on her property smile of sweetness when entering the diningroom, for she must run the gauntlet of critical eyes and if her own show signs of tears she knows it might start a trail of gossip and speculative comment difficult to stop. The insincerity, curiosity, idle talk,

petty meanness, criticism and monotonous sameness, commonly incident to the life is trying to her. It is difficult to live in it

and be not part of it; it is so easy to sink by gravity to the common level.

There is always this danger where a number of people of varying tastes, interests and ideals are forced by pressure into family community without the genuine love, sympathy, comradeship and unity of purpose of a home family. And if even these

qualities be absent in the family, there is a tie of blood which has a certain degree of neutralizing power in every discord.

This homeless life in a boarding house is harder for the wife than for the husband, as a long term of punishment is harder than a short one. His business duties, keeping him away from the

1096 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

scene most of the time, make his realization of it perhaps less, yet he may suffer vicariously in noting the subtle changes in his wife, either in her struggle against the environment or in her surrender to it. In the false perspective of their living, sources of misunderstanding multiply, and the loving adjustment of their views and

ideals may be disturbed as the needle of a compass is automatically deflected in certain regions.

Meals that in their own home might be enjoyed in frank, genial, trusting companionship and sympathy are now taken under the fire of many eyes that make the sweetness of instinctive confidence impossible. In the artificial atmosphere of their living he

may be almost afraid to look across the table for fear of being accused of flirting with the new border from Kentucky, who expects to be in town all summer. If the husband does not talk

he is likely to be charged with being disagreeable and sulky; if he

does talk he may be accused of trying very hard to be fascinating to someone for whom he really does not care two straws. Caught

between the horns of the dilemma, the husband thinks hard, says under his breath something not for publication and wishes—that

he had a home. The wife may suffer, too, the same mistranslation of her most innocent actions.

The quiet, social evenings with a few friends have always to be considered from the standpoint of some one else's convenience.

The lady on the third floor back is sick and cannot bear the noise of a piano, or walking on the floor disturbs the rest of the nervous old gentleman in the rooms underneath, or any of a dozen other considerations may emphasize the limitations of boarding.

Where two are forced by circumstances to live for a time in furnished rooms or in boarding houses, it makes a special call on their finest tact, patience and love, to neutralize the effect of many conditions that they would never voluntarily choose.

Hotels give more independence, but more isolation, more freedom, but also more loneliness. The unwelcome closeness of contact of boarding houses is exchanged for an'unwelcome aloofness

and coldness. Hotels are excellent institutions for travelers or

those desiring temporary quarters, but they pall quickly on lovers of a home. They have such an institutional atmosphere as

you walk two blocks after leaving the elevator, through heavy,

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE. 1097

redcarpeted corridors, carrying a large key attached to a brass numbered arrangement the size of a young plate, and the only mark that differentiates your rooms from the others as you approach it, is the number 1422. It would be hard to imagine a

wall motto "God Bless Our Home,"hanging in a hotel. It would

seem irreverence with an undertone of sarcasm.

The elaborate array of dishes on the menu may attract for a few days, but you soon grow tired of the simplest articles of food masquerading under French aliases and you long for simple meals and simpler surroundings. You would like to see a boiled potato

with the courage to stand up boldly and definitely in spite of its humble origin, and not trying to slip into your good graces under alibi of a foreign title. You long for plainer food and home cooking, for more genuine comfort and less gilt and glitter and decoration where you can be truly your natural self, where you can

even lean your elbows on the table if you leel like it. It is just

an honest hearthunger for a home.

Eating in restaurants has driven many a good young man into matrimony; living in boardinghouses and hotels later has driven

many a man out of matrimoDy. The vain display, the vulgarity,

the fictitious luxury, the constantly enforced contrast between your circumstances and those of others, combine to create a restless, uncertain, irritating living far from conducive to happiness in marriage.

One vital note in the music of life is the sense of possession.

In marriage it transforms the lonely pronoun "mine"into the one of larger, sweeter meaning "ours,"and the alchemy of love makes "mine"and "thine"interchangable elements. It is the impelling

spirit that makes homes, where the sense of dual possession in unity transforms a new picture, a new ring, a few new books, a new chair or new curtains into a real event that brings genuine pleasure. It is not the petty value of the things themselves that

counts, for all that is best in the home would defy a tax assessor to discover, for it is ever the intrinsic and the intangible.

The advent of these new possessions responds to something joy of united ownership, of builddeep in the human heart—the

ing together for a larger future is what counts in the sacredness of making a home. It is this spirit that makes our simple geran1098 IMPROVEMENT

ium in the window seem greater and more real than some one else's conservatory across the street. Home is the gathering

together under one roof, of all that is dearest and nearest to us.

Like that earlier Eden given to a man and a woman, it can be made a real paradise if love, honor, comradeship and unity be its atmosphere.

("The Wife's Settled Income,"is treated in the next chapter in the

November Era, which begins volume fifteen).

Elder Harold C. Kimball, writing from Basel, Switzerland, gends a

likeness of the branch orchestra which was organized three or four months ago, and which practices promply once a week. Most of the

members are also members of the Church. Once a month they give a

musical concert in the branch in several of which this orchestra has already taken part. "Good results may be obtained in a few months by

organizing an orchestra, even if most of the players have to start from the beginning."He thinks orchestras should be encouraged as they are

good converters. The orchestra shown here is the first of its kind in

the mission, and the names of those shown here are, back row: Emil

Markt, conductor; L. Haas. Middle row: M. Urish, Elder Frank T.

:Reber, Thekla Shaerr, Carl Zimmer, Elder H. C. Kimball. Front row

M. Buhler, Herman Fuchs, Martha Fuchs. There are fourteen in the

orchestra, ten of whom are shown.

From Nauvoo to Salt Lake in the Van of the Pioneers.

The Original Diary of Erastus Snow.

EDITED BY HIS SON, MORONI SNOW.

VIII.

In the last issue of the Era our account left the pioneers encamped on a small creek flowing into the North Platte. Continuing

his journal, Erastus Snow records the following:

April 19th. It rained gently nearly all day, but was cold with

a wind in the north. We traveled eight miles, passed over another

of those sand ridges that extended abruptly to the river brink. It

was about one and a half miles across it. Our wheels rolled in

the sand nearly to the hub. We found on both sides of this ridge

a clear stream putting into the river.

20th. We have had good roads along the river bank today,

or rather a good chance to make a road, in which we played our part and left a very good trail behind us, as good as seventythree teams, seventeen cows and one hundred and seventythree men could make. We baited at noon opposite Ash Hollow, on the

south side of the river where the Oregon road strikes the north fork again. At four o'clock p. m. we crossed the mouth of a

stream of about the same size and character as the large one we encamped upon on the night of the 13th. We find that the quicksand in all of these streams seems to pack by traveling so that

the last teams pass over with much more ease than the first. We

camped tonight at six o'clock on a small stream where we find plenty of driftwood for fuel. Have traveled fifteen and threefourth miles. By the way, I wish it understood that during the

forepart of our journey we had to guess at the distance, and sometimes overstated it, but by the mechanical genius of Appleton Harmons, we have now the distance counted off to us like clockwork, through the agency of a machine attached to his 1100 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

wagon bed, the wheels of which are turned by the revolutions of the wagon wheel.

21st. Today has seemed more like spring than any day since

only warm and pleasant, but onwe left Winter Quarters—not

every hand have we been greeted for the first time with the music of the quadrupeds from the numerous little ponds along the bottoms. The season is evidently about three weeks later here

than in the same latitude on the Missouri river. We have not seen

buffalo either yesterday or today, except now and then a lone one that seemed lost from the herds. Two Sioux Indians came to us

about the time of our camping tonight, and others were seen through the spyglass skulking about the bluffs. There is

undoubtedly a hunting party not far from us. We have traveled

today about fifteen and a half miles.

22nd. This morning near our camp we found a large bone

supposed to be out of the foreleg of a mammoth. It weighed

twentyfour pounds and was left for the inspection of other companies, being buried with an inscription of it written on a board put up at its grave. At our noon encampments we first discovered,

through the telescope, what is commonly called Chimney Rock which seemed about twenty miles ahead of us on the south side of the river. Towards night we passed over another range of hills

about two miles across. This was different from the former ones.

Instead of being deep sand it was chiefly hard ground, the knobs covered with rock and pebble stone, and the sides of the deep ravines and gullies were clay. We passed over the beds of several

creeks in which at some seasons of the year evidently flows much water, but which are now perfcetly dry. We are now encamped on

another of these lost creeks about two miles from the last range of hills. We have no reason to believe that there has been any rain

here this spring. There is consequently little or no feed except

on the low bottoms of the river. We have traveled today about

ten and onehalf miles.

Sunday, 23rd. Held an interesting meeting this afternoon and

received excellent instructions from President B.Young. During the

forepart of the day the Twelve, myself and several others, gratified ourselves with a survey of the bluffs and hills to the northeast of us. The scenery is picturesque and romantic in the extreme.

FROM NAUVOO TO SALT LAKE. 1101

At a distance of two or three miles they greatly resemble the ruins of ancient towers and castles and pleasure grounds of noblemen. We called the place Ancient Bluffs Ruins. From the top

of one of these detached peaks one of our young men obtained from its nest a young eagle. On top of another, Orson Pratt discovered a small pool of water in the basin of a rock about two

hundred feet above the level of the river. Quite an extensive cave

was also discovered on one of these dry creeks, but we had not time to explore it. These hills are favorite resorts of rattlesnakes, and visitors will do well to beware of them. Brother Fairbanks was bitte*n upon the leg with one today, and is quite sick

and under medical treatment.

24th. Last night about sunset, the wind shifted suddenly and

blew in cold from the north and brought up a heavy storm of wind, rain and some hail. It was a cold night and this morning it

snowed a little. We traveled in the forenoon ten miles. At noon

two Sioux visited us. We fed them and they passed on, making

signs to us that there was a camp of them not far off. They

soon crossed the river above us and we moved on six and onehalf miles in the afternoon and formed our circle at six o'clock p.

m. While camping, we observed a party of about thirty Sioux

riding up on the south side of the river. They halted opposite us

and hoisted a flag of peace, and by various maneuvers we understood that they wished to visit our camp. The president directed

a flag to be hoisted in return to let them know that they would be welcome. As soon as they saw our flag they began to cross the

river towards us. We took the precaution to stake down our

horses and admitted at first only the chief to our camp, but afterward the whole of them. They had their squaws with them and

camped about half a mile from us, and visited us again in the morning. They were all dressed in their richest costumes. Some

had fur caps and cloth coats,and others had cloth pants and shirts, and the rest were neatly dressed in skins ornamented with beads, feathers, paint, etc., and they were by all odds the cleanest and best

appearing Indians we have seen west of the Missouri river. Some

of the brethren traded horses with them and bought some peltry, moccasins and other trinkets, and they crossed the river apparently in high glee, and we pursued our journey. Traveled next day

1102 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

twelve miles. Had much soft road and camped a little east and

north from Chimney Rock, about three miles distant from it. We

have traveled thirtysix miles since we first discovered it, which we then thought to be only twenty miles. This is not the first instance

in which we have been deceived in measuring distances with the eye. We are able to distinguish objects much more clearly and at

much greater distances than we could in the east, on account of the atmosphere, which may account for our being deceived in the distance. President Pratt reports from an observation taken

today at noon that we were in latitude N. 41—42'—46", barometrical height above the level of the sea 3,371 feet, and the

average rise per mile since we passed the junction of the rivers has been 5 feet and 6 and 9-10 inches.

26th. Today has been very warm and we have traveled only

twelve and onehalf miles. We have very good roads and find better feed tonight than we have had for some days past. Windy and

showery tonight.

27th. Pleasant weather, good traveling, tolerable feed. The

teams are yet feeble, though not failing at present. We have

plenty of fresh meat, chiefly antelope. Have traveled today

about thirteen and threefourth miles, passed what is called Scott's

Bluff on the other side of the river, which presents a very romantic appearance. One object standing alone which seems to attract particular attention is a tower of about one hundred and fifty feet high

in three distinct sections, having the appearance of very hard clay with a petrified dome. Its appearance is so artificial at first that

the mind is scarcely willing to believe that the rude hand of nature has so formed it. The tops and sides of this cragged and imposing tower are sparsely mottled with small shrubbery, but whether

pine or cedar I was unable to distinguish. Most of the ground we

have passed over today presents a very barren appearance, pricklypear being the chief herbage. Here and there a sag in the bottom

or a wet swail covered with green grass, supply our teams. Wind

in the north and a shower of rain tonight. While I write I hear

the sound of music and dancing on the other side of the circle.

This is a very common recreation in camp, though we have to dispense with the ladies, a very great desideratum.

(to be continued.)

Our Refuge and Strength.

BY WILLIAM A. MORTON.

At the close of the morning session of conference, on Sunday,

April 8, the Tabernacle choir sang in its usual spirited and impressive manner the inspiring anthem, "God is our Refuge and

Strength."As I sat listening to the splendid rendition of the

sacred composition, I was led to reflect on the history of my people, the Latterday Saints. I thought of the Prophet Joseph

Smith, of the opposition which he encountered when he announced to the world a new revelation from God; I thought of the terrible

persecution to which he was continuously subjected because of his faithfulness in bearing witness to the truth which the Lord had revealed to him. And when I reflected upon these things, and

upon the miraculous manner in which he had been preserved and sustained until he had completed his mission, I was led to say in my heart, "Surely God was his refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble."

And as it was with the prophet, so it has been with the people. The Latterday Saints have been subjected to all manner of

persecution; they have been robbed of their possessions; driven

from their homes to wander as exiles in an unknown land; they

have suffered the loss of almost everything save life itself—and,

indeed, many of them have sacrificed their lives for the truth's today they stand before the world as the three Hebrewssake—yet

stood before their tormentors, free from even the smell of the fiery furnace of persecution through which they have passed. Who

sustained and preserved the Saints in all their trials and tribulations? It was he who led the children of Israel through the Red

Sea, who "stopped the mouths or lions, quenched the violence of fire, and put to flight the armies of the alien."It was God, our

1104 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

father's God. He has been our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.

Professor George H. Brimhall reminded a few of us recently

of a remarkable deliverance which the Lord brought to his people a number of years ago. The leaders of the Church were being

hunted like wild beasts of the forest. For a long time the Saints

had been deprived of their association and inspiring counsel, and they were becoming like sheep who had lost their shepherds.

Wait a moment and see the clouds disappear and the sun shine forth in all his glory! Behold the servants of the Most High coming forth from their hiding places to mingle again with those they

love! Hear the prison doors unlock, and see the prisoners for conscience sake emerging from their prison cells to enter the sanctuary of the Lord, to praise him for their deliverance, and to feed

the flock over which he had made them overseers! How was all

this brought about? A proclamation was sent throughout the

Church setting apart a day for fasting and prayer on behalf of the authorities, that they might be delivered out of the hands of their enemies and permitted to return to their places. The offering of the Saints was accepted of the Lord, and ere long his covenant people were rejoicing in the fellowship of their beloved

leaders.

With the wonderful record of the past before us, what have we to fear? Surely he who has been with us from the beginning,

who has fought our battles for us, and delivered us out of the hands of our enemies, will continue to be "our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble."

1 have just laid down a little volume bearing the title

Widow O'Callaghan's Boys. I have learned much from it. The

poor widow had a little boy named Andy who, the second or third day after he had commenced school, was set upon by a bully named Jim Barrows and abused and beaten. But Andy had a big

brother named Pat who happened to come along at that time and found his brother crying. On learning the cause of his trouble,

he made up his mind that he would teach Jim Barrows a lesson, which he did the next day by giving him a good thrashing. After

that, Andy had peace. It was a good thing for the little O'Callaghan boy that he had a big brother to defend him.

OUR REFUGE AND STRENGTH. 1105

As I paused for a few moments after reading the chapter con.

taining this event, I thought how like little Andy the Latterday

Saints are. We are a mere handful of people, and the world, like

the big bully in the story, is continually abusing and beating us.

But, like Andy, we have an Elder Brother to whom we can go in time of trouble, who has fought and who will continue to fight our battle for us. He is greater than all the world, and

with him on our side, whom need we fear? Though earth

and hell combine against us we cannot be moved, for we are Orist's, and Christ is God's. With God as "our

refuge and strength"we can meet the future as we have met the past. He who has delivered us in every time of trouble will

continue to deliver us, and "none shall find his promise vain."

Forest Dale, Utah.

New President, NetherlandsBelgium Mission.

Bishop R. W. Eardley, of the Third ward, Salt Lake City, has been

called to succeed Pres. B. G. Thatcher of tha NetherlandsBelgium

Mission in which Elder Eardley served as a traveling elder some twelve years ago. With his wife

and two children, he will leave for his new field of labor on October 19.

In a little adobe and plaster house on Main street, in the Third ward, Roscoe W. Eardley was

born February 13, 1880.

His father, James W., was

descended from good old English and Massachusetts, Yankee stock, and his mother, Catherine Adella,who was a Woolley, roscoe w. eardley. being a daughter of Bish1106 IMRROVEMENT ERA.

op Samuel A. Woolley of the Ninth ward, was descended from

the Pennsylvania Dutch. His mother is a woman of splendid

character, strong faith, a deep motherly love, sterling commonsense, and has been a strong inspiration to all her children.

Rascoe is the oldest of a family of six—three boys and three

girls. From his early boyhood he has been identified with Church

work, and has filled all the various offices in the priesthood, from deacon to high priest, with the exception of priest. When sixteen

years of age he was ordained a teacher, and for a period of three years visited regularly every month all the families in bis district;

and during most of this same period he acted as secretary of the

Sunday school. He filled a mission in the Netherlands during the

years 19001901, laboring practically all of his time in Rotterdam, presiding over one of the branches of the Church in that city.

After his return home his Church activities were along Sunday school and Mutual Improvement lines. He was a teacher in the

Sunday school corps of the State Industrial school, and also the

Fifth ward Sunday school, Ogden. He was president of the Y. M.

M. I. A. of the Third ward for two years, and on March 25,

1906, was called to the bishopric of the Third ward of the Liberty stake, which position he has since occupied. He received his

education in the public schools and the L. D. S. College, from which

latter institution he graduated in June, 1899. Early in life he

was thrown on his own resources, very largely, and during his last two years in school had to "work his way through school."When

fifteen years of age, he secured employment at the Salt Lake City

Soda Water Co., beginning at the very bottom of the ladder, and

gradually working his way to the top. Later he was identified

with the First National Bank of Ogden, and then with Hewlett

Brothers Co., where he occupied the position of salesmanager for

five years. During the last few years he has been one of the

active real estate men of Salt Lake City. The building activities

of the company of which he is the manager, has done much to add to the attractive and beautiful homes in Salt Lake. He is a firm

friend of the young people, and his cheerful address will make friends for him everywhere.

Death of James Condor.

Brother James Condor, of Hohenwald, Tennessee, died recently at the advanced age of seventynine years. The picture herewith,

taken a few years before his death, represents him and his wife, Malinda Condor. It was at

the home of Brother Condor, on Cane Creek, Lewis county, Tenn., that Elders

William S. Berry, of

Kanarra, and John H. Gibbs, of Paradise, were murdered

by a mob, while they were holding religious services. This dreadful tragedy occurred Sunday morning, August 10, 1884, twentyseven years ago. When the men who made up the mob came

upon his premises, Brother Condor, discerning their murderous intentions, called on Martin Condor and J. R. Hudson, his son

and stepson, respectively, to defend the elders. These young

men promptly responded to their father's call, but they were both killed by the murderers of the brethren, after the latter had fallen martyrs to the glorious cause they represented. Before the young

man, Hudson, was slain, however, he shot and killed the leader of the mob as the latter was leaving the scene of the fiendish outrages, where the bodies of the brethren lay. The mob then fired

upon young Hudson, mortally wounding him. A volley was fired

by these wicked men into the room where the murders had been committed. Some of the shots struck Sister Condor in the thigh,

permanently crippling her.

Brother Condor died a faithful Latterday Saint. His faith

1108 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

in the gospel remained unshaken to the last, and he never murmured because of the great sacrifice he was called upon to make in obeying the gospel of Christ and defending the Master's servants. Sister Condor is still living, steadfast and happy in the

faith. When Elders Berry and Gibbs lost their lives, Pres. B. H.

Roberts, then only twentyfour years old, had charge of the Mission, under the direction of Pres. John Morgan, who was temporarily absent in the west. The procuring of the bodies of the

martyred brethren under extremely difficult and dangerous conditions was a praiseworthy achievement, requiring courage of a high order and an unwavering faith in God to accomplish it.

A Testimony.

[To the Era comes the following impressive and characteristic testimony, written by a faithful local elder in the Belfast branch. The

letter is sent by Elder E. Davis, a missionary there, under date of last

January.—Editors.]

Editor Improvement Era: I was baptized on the 4th of October,

1887, by Elder William Butler, of Ogden, Utah. The baptism took place

in the sea, at Ballymoney, in the county of Wexford, Ireland, after which we returned to my home where I was confirmed on the same day.

I gave him dinner and five shillings. Then

taking my Bible, I read Ezekiel 37: 15, 16,

asking him to explain what these two sticks mean.

Elder Butler put his hand into his breast pocket, and pulled out a book and placed it with my Bible, saying: "You have been

very kind to me, brother, and I will give you this book, which is the stick of Ephraim.

Your Bible is the stick of Judah. So now

you have both sticks in your hands before your eyes."

I saw the truth of that statement in reading Ezek. 37: 18, 19. I know that the

Book of Mormon is the word of the Lord, and has come forth according to the words

W. PRING. of the prophets:

A TESTIMONY. 1109

I will stand upon my watch, and set me upon the tower, and will watch to see what he will say unto me, and what I shall answer when I am reproved. And the Lord answered me, and said: Write the vision,

and make it plain upon tables, that he may run that readeth it. For

the vision is yet for an appointed time, but at the end it shall speak, and not lie: though it tarry, wait for it; because it will surely come, it will

not tarry.—Habakkuk 2: 1-3.

I will hear what God the Lord will speak: for he will speak peace

unto his people, and to his saints; but let them not turn again to folly.

Surely his salvation is near them that fear him; that glory may dwell in

our land. Mercy and truth are met together, righteousness and peace

have kissed each other. Truth shall spring out of the earth; and righteousness shall look down from heaven.—Psalm 85: 8-11.

Drop down, ye heavens, from above, and let the skies pour down righteousness: let the earth open, and let them bring forth salvation, and

let righteousness spring up together; I the Lord have created it.—Isaiah

45: 8.

These are beautiful passages predicting the coming forth of the

Book of Mormon. Other prophecies are numerous:

And thou shalt be brought down, and shalt speak out of the ground, and thy speech shall be low out of the dust, and thy voice shall be as of one that hath a familiar spirit, out of the ground, and thy speech shall whisper out of the dust.

... And the vision of all is become unto you as the words of

a book that is sealed, which men deliver to one that is learned, saying,

Read this, I pray thee: and he saith, I cannot, for it is sealed. And

the book is delivered to him that is not learned, saying, Read this, I pray thee: and he saith, I am not learned.—Isaiah 29: 4, 11, 12.

For they have sown the wind, and they shall reap the whirlwind: it

hath no stalk; the bud shall yield no meal; if so be it yield, the strangers shall swallow it up. Israel is swallowed up: now shall they be

..Becauseamong the Gentiles as a vessel wherein is no pleasure..

Ephraim hath made many altars to sin, altars shall be unto him to sin.

I have written to him the great things of my law, but they were 12.counted as a strange thing.—Hosea 8:,7, 8, 11,

And the vision of the evening and the morning which was told is true; therefore shut thou up the vision; for it shall be for many days.—

Daniel 8: 26.

Then I cut asunder mine other staff, even bands, that I might break 14.the brotherhood between Judah and Israel.—Zech. 11:

For the children of Israel shall abide many days without a king and... Afterwardwithout a prince, and without a sacrifice, etc.

God, the Lord their seek return and Israel of children shall the and David—latterdays in the his goodness and Lord the fear king; and shall their

Hosea 3: 4, 5; see also Gen. 40: 10; Jeremiah 31: 10; III Nephi 20:

29; Ether 13: 11; Doc. and Cov. Sec. 29.

In conclusion, I rejoice in the light of the everlasting gospel. I

1110 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

enjoy the spirit of prophecy (see[Rev. 19: 10) and know that the kingdom of God is set up never more to.he thrown down"(Daniel 2: 44) and

that his house is established (Isaiah 2:2; Micah 4: 1).

I know that Joseph Smith was a true prophet of God and I know that the everlasting gospel will make a Saint of everyone who will embrace it, and hold on to the rod, until the end. I remain your loving

brother, W. Pring.

Routine.

{For the Improvement Era.)

I murmured once at matin old and same,

At night's unchanged compline,

At task and routine fretting as they came,

When lo! at plaint of mine,

There came fair Springtime sunning down the land,

With lilt and starling song, With balmy blossoms snowing from her hand,

The same as springtimes gone.

A dryad flinging vesture to the tree,

And sunmotes to the noon To every leaf a likened palmistry—

'Twas thus at yestermoon.

On fell and moor the same beatitude,

Of.April's chrism'd tear,

Each copse apulse with holy interlude,

The same as yesteryear.

The autumn's rust shall stain the lily's sheen,

And necrosis her -gold, Yet blithely through the woof of her routine,

Spring plies her loom of old;

Her triumph spun in fragile monocarp,

Shall mould in sodden fen, Yet, though her forests twang a rusted harp,

She shall make new again.

Bertha A. Kleinman.

Editor's Table.

A Word About the "Era."

With this number, volume 14 of the Improvement Era comes to an end. From sentiments that have been expressed to the

editors and the General Board, we are justified in believing that the readers of the Era have been generally satisfied, both with the variety and the class of literature printed. We have been

particularly fortunate in the receipt of hundreds of very interesting illustrations which have been presented at great cost to our subscribers. There was in this volume added sixteen pages to each

number, making the Era practically a hundredpage magazine.

The reading matter has been as choice, as timely, and as important as the best writers obtainable could make it, and on the whole we think the Improvement Era may be justly congratulated upon its success for volume 14. We are justified in this expression

from the sentiments that have been written and stated by subscribers whose criticisms are of value and who have been highly pleased, edified and satisfied with the magazine.

We enter upon the new volume fifteen with excellent pros pects for even a better volume than the one now passing into history. New type, clear and plain, will be used for each number.

We ask our friends to voice their satisfaction with the efforts of the editors and publishers by a prompt renewal of their subscriptions. A blank for this purpose is found in this number. In this

connection we express our gratitude and thanks to the hundreds of young men throughout the Church who have labored without pay to increase the circulation of the magazine in their respective cities, wards and settlements. Without their assistance it would

be impossible to give the subscribers a magazine like the Era for 1112 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

the price charged. We also thank the contributors to our magazine who have given their writings free for the benefit of the cause.

The success of the Era and our ability to give the subscribers such a splendid magazine as it is for the price charged, is largely due to them. They have enabled us to send the Era free to the missionaries throughout the world, a great accomplishment for good

in itself; and according to the testimony of the elders the Era is

of great value in gaining for them a foothold in their varioas fields and in opening the way for the promulgation of the gospel.

Already the Improvement Era is the organ of the Priestho )d quorums, besides being the official organ of the Mutual Improvement associations. At a recent meeting of the Church Board of

Education, our magazine was made the official organ of the

Church schools, both boards unanimously approving of this action.

A department, therefore, will be added for the coming year in which the important aims and affairs of this great educational branch of the Church will be set forth by competent writers, to the people. The professors and teachers of the Church schools

will also contribute doctrinal and educational papers for the pages of the magazine, which will not only interest patrons of the schools, but will be of wide importance to the general public as well as the quorums of the priestho jd and the auxiliary organizations of the

Church.

Attention is called to the statement of the special features to be presented in volume fifteen. It will be seen that many

important subjects will be considered, and matters taken up that will be of vital interest to the general reader. We hope, as in

the past, to make tae Improvement Era the magazine of the home, in which both old and young members of the household will be interested, and in which the quorums, missions, organizations and educational institutions will be fully represented.

In all things, however, the spirit of the gospel will continue to be the leading thread, holding all these institutions together, and the Era, as in the past, will breathe the Spirit of our Lord

Jesus Christ, seeking to present nothing but what is clean, pure, proper, and in harmony with his laws and commandments. This

does not mean that modern thought and ideas which contribute to growth and progress will be neglected. We believe in

EDITOR'S TABLE. 1113

progress, and that all truth is embraced in the great gospel plan. We therefore seek after these things, and will continue to present them in the light of the gospel, and with a view

to the furtherance of the great cause of the Lord—the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Joseph F. Smith.

The Work of the Lord in Europe.

President Rudger Clawson, of the European mission, returned on the 3rd of August from a visit to the missions on the continent. He reports that he found the elders and Saints well and

happy, and that his tour was of an exceedingly pleasant character.

He says: "We held numerous meetings. The conference

and priesthood meetings at Zurich were largely attended and spirited, and will result in much good to the Swiss and German mission—especially may this be said of the priesthood meetings, at

which many vital topics bearing directly upon missionary work were discussed. What the conference at Zurich was to the Swiss

and German mission, the conference at Rotterdam was to the

Netherlands mission. It was equally as interesting, equally as

important. Generally speaking, our young elders from Zion

acquire the languages of these countries with facility, and many of them speak with the fluency of a native tongue. This is

accomplished not only by study, but by faith and prayer. To me

it is a testimony of the truth of the gospel, for the Lord does actually help them to speak with new tongues in a brief period of time. "Many obstacles appear in the path of the elders laboring throughout the European mission, but they usually rise above them, and snatch victory from what might otherwise prove to be a defeat. A wave of agitation recently swept over Great Britain,

but nevertheless the good work went on. The elders stood

undaunted. By their faith, courage and persistency, coupled with

an implicit trust in God, success was attained. Honest souls

have been reached—baptisms will follow. In Germany banishments are the order of the day. The elders are here today, so to

speak, and are gone tomorrow. It is a discouraging situation,

but by no means hopeless. It brings experience, develops char1114 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

acter, enlarges the soul, and increases the efficiency of the elders to accomplish the will of God; for it would appear that in the face

of almost insuperable difficulties, they are converting and baptizing honest souls. Difficulties of another character arise in the

Netherlands and Scandinavia, and in South Africa. No matter,

they will be met and conquered by the elders of Israel. There is a

spirit that goes with the gospel that knows not discouragement, that will not submit to defeat. It is an unc mquerable spirit

even the spirit of Truth."

RUDGER CLAWSON.

Messages from the Missions.

Elder Irvin Curtis, Boise, Idaho, July 19, reports that district as a splendid field for effective missionary work. The elders there are laboring with zeal and energy for the advancement of the gospel. Most of

them are traveling in country districts without money, and are eminently successful in their efforts. Front row, left to right: W. H. Stoddard,

(Presiding Elder) Weiser, Idaho; Heber Q. Hale, (Presiding Elder)

Boise branch; Mrs. Heber Q. Hale, Melvin J. Ballard, (President of the

Northwestern States Mission), Irvin Curtis, (President of the Idaho Conference). Second row: H. M. Pugmire, W. R. Tolman, F. D. Muir. W.

J. James, L. B. Griddle, George M. Grant. Back row: J. M. Mahoney,

Thomas Bullock, 0. L. Peterson, E. G Whitwond.

-! * * if *

w T i i r r m w EDITOR'S TABLE. 1115

Elder Emil C. Thedell, of Ogden, died in Upsala, Sweden, July 18,

1911. He arrived in Sweden September 16, 1910, and was assigned to

work in the Upsala branch of the Stockholm conference. His health was

very poor, and with the best attention possible it did not improve. He

was released to come home but died as stated. Elder Joseph A.

Christoffarson accompanied his remains to Utah, leaving July 21, and arriving in the early part of August. A wife and mother survive

the deceased, who have the heartfelt sympathy of many friends in their loss.

Elder James R. Smith, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, reports that the elders of

the East Iowa conference disposed of 195 Books of Mormon during

July, 687 small books, 6,254 tracts, 418 Liahonas and visited 4,155 families, holding 173 meetings. Two people were baptized. Prospects

were never brighter in that part of the country than at present. "The

Book of Mormon is our slogan. We are all converted to it, for it is a

new witness for God. It is a testimony in and of itself that Joseph

Smith is a prophet of God, which is our testimony to the world."The

Saints in that part of the district are a good class of people, awake to their duties, and the majority of them obey the law of tithing, keep the

Word of Wisdom, and set a proper example to the world. The names of

the elders are, back row, left to right: Ira W. Hillyard, Smithfield, N.

W. Murdock, H. F. Luke, Heber, E. S. Arbuckle, Bountiful, Utah; Guy

L. Nielson, Cardston, Canada. Middle row: J. A. Gardner, Vernal,

Utah; H. S. Standage, Mesa, Arizona; Ephraim White, (Conference

President) Willard, I. Sander, Ogden, 0. P. Cloward, Payson, Utah.

Front row: William E. Rhead, Plain City, Joseph A. Parker, Rexburg,

and James R. Smith, Lyman, Idaho; Howard L. Randall, Snowflake,

Arizona. The latter three elders are leaders of Companies B. A. C.

1116 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Elder L. C. Ball, Everett, Washington,

August 8, states that the elders of the West Washington conference are meeting with good success. They meet

many who have been reading the magazine articles, and who are desirous now of knowing ''Mormonism"from a "Mormon"standpoint. A large number of the people have visited "Mormon"communities,

and this has been a great aid in helping the elders who have distributed many tracts and books and a number are reading them with a sincere desire to know the truth. The elders are J. W. Bodily

and L. C. Ball.

Elder T. R. Jones, Brasso, Hungary, July 26, writes that the work of

the Lord is progressing in Hungary. The elders are making friends on

every hand. The police and officers generally are friendly. They know

every missionary personally, and are glad when they can help them. "One

policeman said to the writer: 'We like you Americans, and the gospel of

Christ is good for our people. They need it.'We are watched closely

and our mode of life is having a good effect upon the people. In this

city we have the only legal right to have meetings and preach, in the

SwissGerman mission. Our friends, the ministers, are jealous of us,

however, because they see where they are losing ground. In Hungary

i Parley Petersen, Castle Dale, Utah; 2 D. A.Matthews, Fairv:ew, \rizona; 3 J.

D. Barker, Ogden; i G-.S. Blamiers, Kaysville: 5 S. V. Spry; and 6,E. S.Wright,

on a visit, Salt Lake City; 7 J. E. Hill, Logan; 8 President Thomas E. McKay,

Ogden; 9 William E. Gailey, Kaysville; 10 T. R. Jones, Kanesville, Utah.

EDITOR'S TABLE. 117

some five different languages are spoken. In Budapest, Brothers Hill,

Spry and Parker labor, and must learn Hungarian, a very difficult language, since only few EnglishHungarian books are to be had. German is spoken quite generally, and here in Brasso and other surrounding

places besides German, the Roumanian, Hungarian, Gypsy and Saxon languages are spoken. There is a great work to be done with the

Roumanians. We need missionaries to learn their language, for they need

to have the gospel preached to them. We are being blessed in this conference, and are trying to show our appreciation by living the gospel and

doing our duty."

Elder John T. Barrett. Philadelphia, July 7, says: "The Saints and

elders shown in the group had a very pleasant round trip down the Delaware river on a visit to the historic old Brandywine battle grounds near

Wilmington, Delaware. The distance was about sixtyfive miles, by

water from Philadelphia. In the East Pennsylvania conference there are

one hundred and fortyseven Saints, a choice class of people, full of faith in the gospel and true to their duties. Our elders are zealous, devo ed,

faithful young men, equal to all the emergencies that arise; and each is so

filled with love of the truth, so characteristic of the 'Mormon'elder, as to arouse within him a surprising amount of energy and force, a marvel to himself and us all. Give the elder a task and he arises to the occasion; teach him the correct principles of the gospel, and he soon learns to

govern himself. To lead and persuade him is easy, when he is conversis true toant with his duty, when the way is in the course of right. He

1118 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

his own reason and conviction. In June, thirteen elders in the conference

sold 28 Books of Mormon, and two other standard works; smaller books,

365; tracts, 3,719; Liahonas, 486; visited 2,239 families; revisited 691;

engaged in 618 gospel conversations at homes; spent 402 hours with the

Saints; held 26 hall and 34 openair meetings, besides other work. Eight

new members were added to the Church in May. There are many sincere investigators. Eight elders in the country are traveling without

purse or scrip, spending little if anything for food or beds, and what little they do spend is mostly for railroad fares and stationery. "The

work is a grand pleasure to me and I enjoy every moment of my time.''

Elder W. A Lohan, of Company B, Linden, Wisconsin, with other

elders, left Milwaukee on the 1st of June to prosecute their summer work. The elders in the picture from left to right are: L.

C. Caldwell, Vernal, Utah; D.

E. Shocroft, La Jara, Colorado;

John H. Buckmiller, Rexburg,

Idaho; and W. A. Lohan, Salt

Lake City, Utah. They travel

in what they call "the ideal way,''depending upon the Lord for all their needs. During the

three weeks following their departure, they had some wonderful experiences, in which the blessings of the Lord were made manifest in all their efforts. They

sold 55 Books of Mormon, and 195 other Church publications, distributed 1,985 tracts, and held 30 openair meetings and 10 hall meetings. The people receive them as the servants of God, and provide for

all their wants. Sometimes after their street meetings they were compelled, by solicitations, to separate and go to different places to fill invitations. "We have learned that the only way to succeed in our labors

is to let the Lord provide. We are aiming to put the Book of Mormon

in every home, for we have learned that wherever a bock has been left and read we have gained a friend. Churches in different parts of the

state have been opened to us, and we have had the chance of singing the songs of Zion to large congregations, also to teach our doctrines in different Sunday schools. In Palmyra we taught a class of thirty adult

members in the Methodist Church. The world is learning to know us as

we are."Priesthood Quorums'Table.

Seventies'Annual Day.—The attention of the presidents and

members of the various quorums of the Seventy throughout the Church is again called to the importance of properly observing the seventies'"Annual Day."

In 1908 it was decided by the First Council that the first general meeting in November of each year should be for the transaction of important quorum business, and be also a day of good fellowship and fraternity. Presidents, by consulting the "Priesthood Quorums'Table"

for October, 1909, can see the sort of program there suggested, and can refresh their memories as to the interest of the First Council in establishing such a day. All presidents are requested to make suitable

arrangements for the successful observance of the day at the first quorum meeting held this month. A complete canvas should be made of

the entire membership of every quorum, and each member be invited and urged to arrange his private affairs, so as to be present on the date of the meeting. If there is a full attendance there can be no reason why

the day should not be a most enjoyable and notable event with all the quorums. Special attention is called to the importance of having the

quorum presidents, secretaries, class leaders, and other officers of the quorum presented for the vote of the members. It is the desire of the

presiding brethren that there be no failure in any of the quorums in attending to this very necessary business. Let there be loyalty enough

on the part of the members to the priesthood and quorums to which they belong, to make the annual day one of success, and of genuine love and brotherhood among all seventies.

the First Seventies'Fifth Year Book.—It has been decided by

Council that the fifth Year Book shall be devoted to the consideration of the Holy Spirit. The taking up of this subject naturally following the

two previous topics, viz., "The Doctrine of Deity,"and "The Atonement."The fourth Year Book was issued in March of the present year,

1120 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

notwithstanding the fact that the work was about three months late in reaching the hands of those for whom it was prepared, it has been discovered that a good many quorums had not completed the third Year

Book, even at that time Some of these quorums continued on with the third Year Book until May or June, and then in some instances adjourned for the hot months and have not commenced on the fourth Year Book yet.

This condition, coupled with the importance of the subject of "The

Atonement,"caused the First council to feel that the issuance of another Year Book this year would prevent many quorums from giving proper consideration to the great subject now claiming their attention.

To prevent hurried and unsatisfactory work, it was decided not to issue the fifth Year Book until September, 1912. A few of the quorums are

well along in the lessons of the fourth Year Book; those that are will be

somewhat disappointed to learn that a new line of work will not be offered at the close of the year. It is the judgment of the First Council

that the quorums that are best prepared to take up a new line of study can with profit review some of the lessons of the present year, those particularly that have been gone over hurriedly, and also divide future lessons where it can be done with advantage, and introduce other subjects of interest that may be suggested growing out of the present line of work, that will provide an abundance of good material for the consideration of the members of quorums during the time that will pass before the issuance of the fifth Year Book.

Councils of quorums are therefore urged to take cognizance of the situation and make such arrangement of matter for study as shall insure the maintenance of interest in lesson work until the next Year Book is placed in their hands.

Courses of Study,—The General Priesthood Committee, at its meeting September 19, decided that courses of study for the Priesthood quorums, for 1912, should be taken up January 1, 1912. The textbooks

will be ready for distribution in early December of the present year.

Until the first of next year, the quorums should continue the courses begun last January. The subjects for the new year are: High Priests,

"Principles of the Gospel;"Seventies, "The Atonement;"Elders, "Articles of Faith Applied;''Priests, "The Priesthood;"Teachers, "The

Apostolic Age;"and Deacons "The Latterday Prophet,"based on the

"History of the Prophet Joseph,"by George Q. Cannon.

Passing Events.

David M. Evans, a resident of Salt Lake City since 1852, died

August 20. He was born in Liverpool July 20, 1821, coming to America as a "Mormon"convert in the early 40's. He came to Utah in one

of the famous handcart companies. It is le?s than a year since he

retired from active work at his business as carpenter. Four children,

fortysix grandchildren, and fifty great grandchildren survive him.

Congress at the extra session passed the Congressional Reapportionment Bill, fixing the future House membership at 433 instead of the present 391. It provides for increased representation according to

population, without reducing the membership from any state. This

gives Utah one more member. Before adjournment on Tuesday, 22nd

August, Congress also passad the Campaign Publicity Bill, requiring the publication of all campaign contributions and expenses before elections.

A bill admitting Arizona and New Mexico was passed and signed by

President Taft, so that these states will now enter the Union under certain conditions. Among the big results of the extra session was the

passing of the Canadian Reciprocity Bill.

Peter Madsen, Utah's veteran fisherman, died at his home in

Provo, August 20. He was born in Stensdal, Veile, Denmark, April 26,

1824, and became a soldier at the age of twentytwo, in the Danish army, serving in the war between Denmark and Germany, in 1848. He

joined the Church in 1853, and came to Utah, October 5 of that year, settling first in Sanpete. He soon thereafter moved to the shores of

Utah Lake, west of Provo, and became a pioneer fisherman of Utah following the business all his life. In the hard times of 1855-6 he fed

thousands of people by the fish he took from Utah Lake. He was an

acknowledged authority on Utah fish, whom Dr. David Starr Jordan

described as the best informed man in our state on the fish question. He

filled a mission to Denmark in 186970, and became the first bishop of 1122 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Lake View ward, in 1877, serving for fifteen years. In 1887 he filled a

mission to Hawaii, and was president of the organization of Scandinavian

Saints in Provo many years. He leaves twentysix children, ninetysix

grandchildren, and fourteen great grandchildren.

Joseph Parry, founder of the asphaltum industry in this part of the country, and father of irrigation on the Salmon river, Idaho, in 1855, as well as a leading Church worker in Weber county for many years, died in Ogden, August 6. He was born in Newmarket, Flintshire, North

Wales, April 4, 1825. He joined the Church at the age of 21, and emigrated to America, arriving at New Orleans in 1849. Penniless, he

worked his wav to Salt Lake City, joining Captain Morgan's company at Kanesville, Iowa, and arrived here in 1852. He was a pioneer of

Ogden, in which city he built the first adobe house. He organized the

first settlement in Idaho, building Fort Limhi, which afterward became a government post, when sent to Idaho as a missionary among the Indians.

He served Ogden City as alderman in 1857. In 1870 he went to Wales

on a mission from which he returned in 1876, when he was ordained a high priest, becoming later prominent in that quorum in Weber county, and was many years a high councilor of the Weber stake.

He was the father of twentythree children, fourteen of whom survive him, fortynine grandchildren and twentyone great grandchildren.

President Frank J. Hewlett, of the South African mission,

sends the Era a program of entertainment in aid of the Liverpool Seamen's Orphanage, and the Canadian Seamen's Charities held on board the royal mail steamer, Virginia, Wednesday, August 9, from which it appears that J. W. Summerhays, Frank J. Hewlett and Georgius Cannon

took part in singing and recitations. From 1869 to January, 1911,

7,409 children received funds of this institution, and at present there are 1,057 children on the books. A large number of these orphan

children hare lost their fathers by perils of the sea in crossing the

Atlantic, conveying passengers and cargo to and from America. Those

who take part in these programs and who patronize them show a fitting tribute of gratitude to the Almighty hand who brings the ship in safety to her journey's end, by thus helping to support the children who are left fatherless by the necessities of the seaman's life. One would

scarcely believe that in thirtynine years following the establishment of this orphanage, no less than 151,366 seamen died in English ships abroad, of whom 98,650 were drowned. This does not include those who

died in the United Kingdom. Surely the missionaries of the Latterday

Saints who cross the ocean can find good use for their talents in

PASSING EVENTS. 1123

supporting this noble cause, and it is a fit beginning to their mission of love.

Joseph Ballantyne, director of the Ogden Tabernacle Choir, writes from Hannover, Germany, enclosing a photograph taken in Meissen, of the birthplace of

Dr. Karl G. Maeser. The

people shown are himself, his wife, his son Earl, who is on a mission in Germany, and three of the elders who accompanied them. Elder Ballantyne

says: "As we have always held Brother Maeser

in such high reverence and esteem, we felt that on this visit we were treading on sacred ground.

I spent six weeks in London taking daily lessons in several musical subjects under the great masters in London. Since then

Sister Ballantyne, myself, and son have been enjoying a trip through France.

Switzerland and GerBIRTHPLACE OF DR. KARL G. MAESER.

many. We have met the

elders in nearly every place we have stopped, and have had the pleasure of attending several meetings, In Nuremburg we hid the novelty, and an enjoyab'e one, of speaking to the Saints at a meeting held in the woods, this being the only way public meetings can be held.

Sister David Eccles was also with us and spoke. President Thomas E.

McKay is doing a splendid work here. He possesses the love and confidence of every elder and Saint in the mission, and it is glorious to

meet the elders and partake of their beautiful spirit."Elder Ballantyne

and his wife sailed from Hamburg, August 12, for Utah. Their son

Earl has been appointed president of the Konigsberg conference. Elder

Ballantyne sends fervent blessings and kind regards to Presidents

Smith and Lund.

1124 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Judge C. M. Nielson, of Salt Lake City, recently visited Norway

where he had an interview with the king, and in many ways, by talk and lecture, allayed prejudice. While at Sarpsborg, he spent the 4th of

July with Elders George R. Larsen and John R. Nielson, Jr. The brethren have written him a letter in memory of that 4th of July which contains these sentiments: "We have spent many a glorious Fourth in the land

of the brave and the home of the free, but until this occasion in this land by the sea, we scarcely knew what the words meant'Judge Nielson, you came to us as a messenger sent from heaven. Your lecture in this

saintlss city on that day gave us a splendid exposition of the gospel.

We feel it a pity that you could not remain with us in the work. The

Prederickstad choir, which came to Sarpsborg for the day and rendered most excellent music, will long be remembered by us and by the citizens of this place. Large numbers of people, as you know, flocked to hear

and see the "Mormons."Our little hall was crowded from pulpit to

door, while crowds remained outside unable to gain admission. All

present heard with pleasure and pride the songs and the lecture which had the effect of counteracting the false stories scattered to belie the

Latterday Saints. Thanks to Judge Nielson, the false rumors have vanished, and we hope will not again appear. We also desire to tender our

thanks to D. Olsen and choir for the beautiful songs of Zion which they

sang. We trust that thsy will never tire in the glorious work which we

all love. Surely this 4th of July will go on record with us as a day of

light which shone in the darkness, and the fruits of it we are sure will show in God's own time. At no other time have we felt so many

pleasures as the memory of this day now awakens, though we have spent many happy Fourths in the valleys of the mountains."

Arbitration treaties between the United States and France and the United States and Great Britain were signed August 3. The former

was signed at Paris and the latter at Washington. They were framed ar.

the initiative of President Taft, aiid earnestly urged by him, and provide means for the peaceful solution of all questions or differences which diplomacy cannot settle. They in-'lude all differences "which are justifiable in their nature by reason of being susceptible of decision by the

application of the principles of hw or equity."The differences are to

be submitted either to the Court of Arbitration at the Hague or some other arbitral tribunal to be decided by special agreement in each case;

and on the part of this ceumry this special agreement is to be made by the President with the consent of the Senate. Before a controversy is

submitted for arbitration a joint high commission of inquiry, in which

PASSING EVENTS. 1125

both countries are equally represented, is to investigate the facts and define the issues, to determine whether the question at issue falls within the scope of the proposed arbitration. The treaties have been ratified by

the Senate. The New York Independent says in regard to them and their

significance:

As surely as the daylight follows dawn, these treaties once ratified will be followed by similar treaties with other nations. Thus the time

is likely soon to come when few of the great nations, being bound to one another by indissoluble chains of peace, will negotiate a general treaty of unlimited arbitration among themselves. Thus will be formed a lung

desired League of Peace, and any genuine League of Peace is bound to grow until all the nations of the world enter its prosperous and concordant circle. First, unlimited arbitration treates with England and France;

second a League of Peace; third, a federation of the world.

William Howard Taft will have done more than any other statesman in the world to hasten that day, sure to come, when, as Victor Hugo prophesied, "Tne only battlefield will be the market opeaing to commerce and the mind to new ideas."

New Wards and Changes for the month of August, 1911, as reported by the Presiding Bishop's office:

A new branch was organized in the Teton stake, named Palisade branch, with James W. Scobt, presiding elder; George T. Sevey was sus.

tained as bishop of the Chuichupa ward, Juarez stake, to succeed Ben.

jamin J. Johnson; Ernest Van Romney, as bishop of the Diaz ward,

Juarez stake, to succeed W. Derby Johnson, Jr.; James A. Jesperson, as

ward clerk of the Chuichupa ward, Juarez stake, to succeed George T.

Sevey; P. K. Lemmon, Jr., ward clerk of the Diaz ward, Juarez stike >

to succeed Abia E. Johnson; Eugene Pickett, ward clerk of the Marion

ward, Cassia stake, to succeed Moses Smith; F. B. Harris, ward clerk of

the Trout Creek ward, Bannock stake, to succeed Millie E. Harris; James

Neddo, ward clerk of the Malta ward, Cassia stake, to succeed Albert

Hubbard; Henry C. Jacobs, Jr., was sustained bishop of the Mt. Pleasant

North ward, Nor.h Sanpete stake, to succeed Justus B. Seely; Bishop

Lewis A. Merrill has moved to 962 Windsor Ave., Salt Lake City, 31st

ward, Liberty stake; Alfred A. Kofoed was released as ward clerk of

the Weston ward, Oneida stake; Hugh C. Martin was appointed ward

clerk of the Palisade ward, Rigby stake, to succeed Robert Oakden; K.

H. Pridal, Jr., ward clerk of the Elwood ward, Bear River stake, to succeed Victor Hansen; John L. Baird, ward clerk of the Brigham 4th

ward, Box Elder stake, to succeed Wm. L. Watkins; James Woolf Jr.,

ward clerk of the Riverdale ward, Oneida stake, to succeed L. A. Neeley;

Edgar A. Beebe, ward clerk of the Dempsey ward, Pocatello stake, to

1126 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

succeed Minnie J. Blaser; Albert E. Hopkinson, ward clerk of the Sunnyside ward, Carbon stake, to succeed B. M. V. Goold; Ronold Ellsworth,

ward clerk of the Mesa ward, Maricopa stake, to succeed W. B. Richins;

Elbert P. Drumiler was appointed ward clerk of the Lynne ward, North

Weber stake, to succeed S. M. Malin; Mary J. Vernon, ward clerk of

the Rockport ward, Summit stake, to succeed Alma Gibbons; Fred A.

Curtis, ward clerk of the 26th ward, Pioneer stake, to succeed G. J.

Ramsey; William Jacobson, ward clerk of the Oak Creek ward, Millard

stake, to succeed Joshua Finlinson; C. H. Flinders, ward clerk of the

Logan 2nd ward, Cache stake, to succeed Samuel Dent; Harvey Sessions,

as bishop of the Marion ward, Cassia Stake, to succeed Adam G. Smith; Jos.

F. Barker, ward clerk of the Ogden 8th ward, Ogden stake, to succeed

Peter J. Van Sweden; J. Wm. Forsberg, ward clerk of the 33rd ward,

Liberty stake, to succeed Ellen F. Shepherd; C. V. Hansen was appointed

ward clerk of the Independence ward, Fremont stake, to succeed Stephen

A. Browning.

Reciprocity suffered an overwhelming defeat in the Canadian elections held on September 21. The Liberal Party under Sir Wilfred

Laurier led the fight for reciprocity, while the Conservative party,under

R. L. Borden, led the opposition which won a decisive victory over the

government, gaining a majority in Parliament of over fifty. Borden

will soon become the Prime Minister of Canada, and Sir Laurier will retire. The result of the election will be that the FieldingKnox reciprocity agreement passed by the late extra session of the United States

Congress will not be presented to the twelfth Canadian Parliament, which meets in October, and closer commercial relations between Canada and the United States will not be possible perhaps for years to come. The

Conservatives are committed to a closed door against the United States, and to a policy of tradeexpansion within the empire. President Taft

was greatly disappointed at the result and believes the "annexation bogy"had much to do with the defeat of the measure in Canada.

The Liquor Question in Idaho.—L. J. Durrant writing from

Thatcher, Idaho, September 8, says that the local election held in Bannock county on Wednesday, September 6th resulted in a victory for prohibition, and the county went dry by a majority of over 700. The vote of

a few of the leading towns he gives as follows: Pocatello, wet by a

majority of 568; Soda Springs, dry 129, wet 116; Grace, dry 209, wet 44;

Bancroft, dry 242, wet 44; Thatcher dry 176, wet 18.

"QO/VIJTY"Eft-T SUCCESS %Z"%

.

Made in The Big', Clean, Modern Factory at PROVO, (JTrVH*, "The Candy City"

OUR GrVNDlS afe composed of the

Sweetest Things in Nature:

The Perfume of the Flowers, Essence of the Fragrant Plants,

Luscious Fruits, Sugars, Mellow Chocolate and Cream, Eggs, Honev, Nuts, Butter, In fact, EVERYTHING that's NICE

MYTH OF THE MAGNOLIA +E TRUE FRfrGR/VNGF, >F FRES/+ GUT ROSES Story of Startup's Liquid Center Magnolias, the

World Renowned Flower Perfumed Candy

One morn a rose with smiling lips,

From slumber deep awaking, Had bathed her cheeks in sparkling dew,

And cooling draughts was taking.

Up from the dell, with fragrant wing,

And honey heavy laden, A bee in passing, paused to rest,

And spoke, as to a maiden:

"That nectared dewdrop from your lips, LErWES ft* RF.D ROSE

With violet in connection, TrVSTF. IN TH*E

this honey, with Comingled pure, MOUTH* confection."a rare Would make

Then playfully they mixed the sweets

Within the blue bell's cup, Jobbers, Wholesalers, Brokers,

And spread the drops upon a leaf write about territory in

Just as the sun came up. any country

They crystalized like glittering gems,

And formed therein a cell DOMING TftE GfItT With nectar filled, for queens to sip,

And Gods might taste as well. NffTIONftL 8EIJ F11

A package then, of ferns was made,

With fragrant fingers pressed. llustrated Catalog of 1000

Then sweet "Magnolia"kissed the box, varieties of confections mailed

And there the "Trade Mark"rests. free to dealers, agents, etc.

MAGGIE NOLIA.

Anyone sending us 10c. in stamps

for postage will receive a Beautiful Art Calendar samples etc.

FREE

We also operate GUI'oWn Printing and

Bo* Plant, turning out hundreds of Varieties of ftrt Bo*es from IOc. to $10.00 each.

This insert produced in our own printery.

STARTUP OfirNDY GO.

PROVO, UTr\-H% "THE Candy City'

Sty? Smprnurmwt Ira

A 100page, richly illustrated, magazine, organ of the Priesthood quorums, the Y. M. M. I. A., and the Church schools: President Joseph F. Smith, editor; Edward H. Anderson, associate

editor; Heber J. Grant, manager; Moroni Snow, assistant manager.

annum, with M. I. A. Manual free.

>0m? nf (Snnft Stjittga iljat mill Appear %

in HnUtm? iFiftrnt.

Remember that you may subscribe through the Y. M. M. I. A. officers in

your wards, who appoint agents to look after the Era, or you may send your subscription direct to the office, using the blank in this number.

All missionaries are entitled to the Era free.

The Era contains instructions to the Priesthood from the Church Committee on Outlines of Study; the official instructions of the Superintendency and

General Board of Y. M. M. I. A., and the Church Board of Education, with the

writings from these and from the best writers in the Church. See the list of

authors in this number. Many of these and others will write for Volume 15.

Among the many good things we have in store for our readers for Volume 15 may be named:

I. "The Open Road,"a serial story, by John Henry Evans, begun in the October number. It is a tale of achievement, a fascinating narration of adventure, love, and business success, in seventeen chapters, giving the plain and inspiring story of a boy who

came to be something from a mere possibility in an orphanage.

II.

We are making arrangements for another firstclass serial, and will present a number of short stories besides, among them, "John Engleman and the Spirit of Christmas,"by Nephi Anderson; "At the Devil's Punch Bowl,"by Leila Marler Hoggan, and

"The Sign,"by H. R. Merrill.

III.

"Problems of Married Life,"by William George Jordan, will continue, and among the chapters appearing in this volume are:

5. The Wife's Settled Income. 6. When Pride Comes Between. 7. Marriage Success on Business Lines. 8. Little Compromises for Happiness. 9. Providing for the Future. 10. Pulling Together through a Crisis. 11. The Danger of Summer Separations. 12. When the Children Come. 13. Taking Home

Matters Outside. 14. Danger of Growing Apart Mentally.

15. Throwing Overboard the Old Friends. 16. The Spectre of

Constant Jealousy.

IV.

The authentic, reliable, and original story of how the Pioneers crossed the plains and entered the Salt Lake Valley, told by Erastus Snow, the first Pioneer, will be completed in this volume. V.

A series of articles on Pioneering, which will be just the kind fascinating,of the boy scout reading—helpful, entertaining—to

or pioneer organizations now being formed in the Mutuals, will be given. VI. "The Beginnings of Human History,"and "The Masai and

Their Traditions,"and other thoughtful and important historical papers to students of the gospel by Prof. A. B. Christensen, of

the Brigham Young University, recently returned from a year's study in Germany.

VIII. "Definiteness of Aim in Teaching Theology,"and other papers by Bishop Osborne J. P. Widtsoe, and other leading educators, helpful to teachers in the quorums of the Priesthood.

VIII. "Birthday is Mother's Day,"an inspiring talk to the boy, calculated to fill him with a desire and determination to do homage to his mother, by Heber J. Grant of the Quorum of Twelve Apostles. Other similar articles are promised from the same source

for the volume.

IX.

A choice selection of doctrinal, religious, historical, scientific, literary and descriptive articles will be sought and presented in this volume, and many agreeable surprises are in store for the reader. We point to "The Deseret Museum"and the "Michigan

Relics,"by Dr. Talmage, and "Oliver Cowdery,"by Junius F.

Wells, and many others, in volume 14, not promised. We have

similar surprises for volume 15. Here are a few papers on different topics now on hand: "A Miracle"and "Sabbath Breaking,"

by Solomon F. Kimball; "Be Prepared Now,"and "Keep the

Track,"by Prof. J. C. Hogenson; "Letters to a Missionary,"by

Prest. Roscoe W. Eardley; "The Higher Law in Politics,"by

Prest. W. A. Hyde; "A Hard Spring"and other papers for boys,

by Charles Herman; "History of the Mexican Mission from the

time it was opened by Moses Thatcher to the present time,"by

Prest. Rey L. Pratt, profusely illustrated by rare photos; "Fuji,

the Mecca of the Japanese Pilgrims,"with eight illustrations by the author, Jay C. Jensen, a missionary; "Reading,"by Israel

Bennion; "Kimberly and the Diamond Fields,"richly illustrated

with original photographs by Alfred J. Gowans, Jr., clerk of the

African Mission; three articles by different authors on "What

Constitutes Success in Life? "The Biggest of California's Giants,"

by Kate Thomas; and many other papers.

AIM OF THE ERA.

The primary aim of the ERA is to create in the hearts of the young people a personal testimony of the truth and magnitude of the Gospel and of the work of the Lord. It is "to aid them in developing the gifts within them and

in cultivating a knowledge and an application of the eternal principles of the great science of life."Like the quorums, associations, and schools which it represents, it seeks to help them in obtaining a testimony of the truth and in learning to love and express that testimony as well as to develop all noble gifts

within them.

TO THE PRESIDENTS OF STAKES AND BISHOPS, OFFICERS OF

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS,

AND CHURCH SCHOOLS.

We ask you to continue loyal to our magazine by subscribing for it yourselves, and by aiding in securing other subscribers. We request that the M. I.

A. ward officers promptly arrange by consultation with the bishopric for the

canvass of the membership of their wards and see to it that no family in the ward is left without solicitation. A stake aid to the superintendent of the Y. M.

M. I. A. should be appointed to supervise the canvass for the ERA in the stake

and otherwise to look after its business welfare under their jurisdiction. If the

work is handled promptly and in season little difficulty will be found in getting subscriptions.

GENERAL SUPERINTENDENCY AND BOARD.

Joseph F. Smith, General Superintendent.

B. H. Roberts, ) AssistantsAssistants - Heber J. Grant, f

Francis M. Lyman Frank Y. Taylor Benj. Goddard

John Henry Smith Rudger Clawson Geo. Albert Smith

J. Golden Kimball Rulon S. Wells Thos. A. Clawson

Junius F. Wells Jos. W. McMurrin Lyman R. Martineau

Rodney C. Badger Reed Smoot Charles H. Hart

Geo. H. Brimhall Bryant S. Hinckkfy John A. Widtsoe

Edward H. Anderson Moses W. Taylor James H. Anderson

Douglas M. Todd B. F. Grant A. W. Ivins

Thomas Hull Hyrum M. Smith Oscar A. Kirkham

Nephi L. Morris Jos. F. Smith, Jr Anthon H. Lund

Willard Done O. C. Beebe George F. Richards

LeRoi C. Snow Lewis T. Cannon Nephi Anderson

John H. Taylor

Moroni Snow, General Secretary.

A GOOD "BOOK IS LIKE A GOOD tiAME—BETTEK THAN RICHES

ORGAN OF THE

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS AND OF THE YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL

IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS OF THE CHURCH OF

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

VOLUME FOURTEEN

the General Board Y. M. M. I. A. Published h

"What you young people want, is a magazine that will make a book to be bound and kept, with something in it worth keeping."—Prest. John Taylor.

Edited by Joseph F. Smith and Edward H. Anderson

Heber J. Grant, Manager, Moroni Snow, Assistant Manager

Salt Lake City, 1911 u The Glory of God is Intelligence.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, VOLUME XIV.

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

page EDITORS'TABLE—Continued

Among the Toilers 125, PAGE Athletics 1014 Conference Sermon of Pres.

At Rest on the Hill OverlookAnthon H. Lund 75

ing the Sea 113 Constitutional Amendment

Bible's Three Hundredth AnRegulating Marriage 642 niversary, The 430 Dry Farming 554

Book of Mormon OriginallyEvil of Cards, The....'. 735

Written in Hieroglyphics... Field Day 544 '

395, 500, 703, 983 Hints to the Editors 1037

Boy Pioneers of Utah, The 1084 Importance of the Priesthood

Boy Scout Movement in Utah, and Its Keys 176

The 539 Important Conference Brigham Young 187 Themes 636 Brigham Young's Excursion Kind Word from a Friend, A 738

Party 189, 311, 415, 507 Loyalty 1035

Bureau of Information, The "Mormonism"829 663, 688 Must Obey the Rules of the

Changeless Basis for a GrateChurch on Marriage 642 ful Heart, The 513 One Hundred Years of MexCharacter Test, A 346 ican Independence 833

Commission Plan of GovernOn the Form of Prayer 1032 ment for Cities, The 928 Peace or War? 350

Condor, James, Death of 1107 Pertinent Counsel 169

Cowdery, Oliver 379 Prosperous Community, A.. 741

Creation of the Earth, The.... 221 Revolution in Mexico, The.. 453

Crown of Individuality, The... Seven Years of Dry Farming 553

46, 248, 331, 422, 485, 597 Some Church Statistics 637

Day with Carry Nation, A 1000 Theory and Divine RevelaDe Motte Park 873 tion 54S

Deseret Museum, The 953 Theory vs. Faith 640

Drama, The 1009 True Love 827 Driftwood 883 Two Roads, The 270

Duty 877 Victory for Temperance 936

Echo Canvon 769 Vote or Ever Hold Your

EDITORS'TABLE: Peace 739

Amusements 638 Word About the Era 1111

An Address Work of the Lord in Europe 1113. 269 Pres. Jos. F. Smith 70 Wrong Again

Atonement, The 551 Evolution of a Cocoanut PlanBanish Liquor 735 tation, The 51

Baptism 266 Fate of the Fords, The 335

Blessings Arising from a Find Your Best and Highest

Payment of Tithes 639 Self. 1017

Christmas Greeting 174 First Principle of the Gospel,

Closing Testimony 643 The 307 IV INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE ILLUSTRATIONS—Continued

For the Development of CharPAGE acter 59, 215 Burton, Theresa 194

From Nauvoo to Salt Lake in Caine, John T 313 the Van of the Pioneers. 283, Cairo, Citadel and Mosque of

410, 490, 631, 816, 925, 1020, 1099 Mohammed Ali 622

From Range to Rostrum..904, 990 Calder, Anna H 315

Gadiantons, The 862 Calder, David 315 "Glimpse of the Valley, A"... 772 Cannon, Lester Jenkins.... 1043

Gosoel Preached for the First Canyon of the San Juan 695

Time to the Ainu, The 289 Capitol Building, Fillmore... 195

Greatest Problem of the HuCaptain, The, "Scene on the man Race, The 438 Rio Virgen"414

Hieroglyphics Near Benjamin, Casa De Adobe, Juarez, MexUtah. 582 ico 451

Higher Criticism and the Book Case of Selenite Crystals, of Mormon 665, 774 Deseret Museum 964

Home Guard, The 431 Cemetery at Fagalii, Samoa,

How Can We Acquire an InThe 115, H6 terest in Boy Activities?.... 1 Champion Base Ball Team,

Humility 768 4th Ward, Salt Lake City.. 846

Hypocrisy 42 "Chanticleer"Float, Pasadena

I'll Serve the Lord While I Rose Carnival 374

Am Young (Music) 525 Choir of St. Gallen, Switzerland 937

ILLUSTRATIONS: Church of the Nativity, The 481

Acropolis, The 795 Church of the Holy SepulAinu Girls 289 chre 302... 237 Ainu Hut 291 Church and Schoolhouse

Ainu Man Eeating 290 Church University Building,

Alexander, Sarah 198 The 959 Arab Plowman near Sechem 145 Clearing—Cocoanut PlantaArab Types 10 tion 53

As Dreary in Winter as an Cocoanut Nursery 53

Alaskan Lake 876 Cocoanut Plantation on

As Seen from the Museum Mountain Side 54

Window 980 Cocoanut Plantation—Four At the Aviation Meet—Barto Six Months 55

rington Park 443 Collosal Geode of Selenite... 965

Award Committee of Liberty Commercial Street, Juarez,

Stake 1046 Mexico 452 Banana Leaf Hut, A 232 Comrade of My Dreams. 998, 999

Barfoot, Joseph L 957 Convent of St. George 402

Barfoot Monument in Salt Corner in the Corridor, A—

Lake Cemetery 958 Extinct Animals 971

Baxter Pass, Uinta Railway. 683 Corner in the Zoology SecBear River Canyon—Up the tion, A 973

River 50 Condor, James and Malinda. 1107

Bedouin Women at Mary's Cover Design,"The Hatchet"1001

Well 139 Cowdery, Oliver 378 the Climb to BaxBeginning Culmer, H. L. A 415 681 ter Pass

Benson, Ezra T 192 Damascus Gate, The 255

Bowring, Harry 197 De Motte Park 873

Brigham Younsr. President.. 188 Descent into Grafton 316

Bringing the Elders Food... 234 Desert Formations on Way

..665, 689 to Baxter Pass 680 Bureau of Information.

Burton, General R. T 312 Diamond Valley Crater 200

INDEX TO SUBJECTS. v

ILLUSTRATIONS—Continued ILLUSTRATIONS—Continued

PAGE PAGE Digging an Artesian Well in New Hampshire 747

San Juan 409 New South Wales 046

Dusenberry, Warren 191 New York City 252

Dusenberry, Wilson 191 North Indiana Conference. 1040

Dwyer, James 697 North Texas Conference 559, 456

Easton, Janette Young.... 197 Northwest Virginia 359

East Reception Room, BuNottingham Conference... 178

reau of Information 692 Oklahoma Conference 649

East Room,- 2nd Floor, VerOlympia, Washington 826 mont Building 961 Pittsburg, Pennsylvania... 939

Echo Canyon 769 Providence, R. 1 80

Elders'House, Mapusaga... 236 Quincy, 111 557

Elders of: Rhode Island Conference.. 355

Aalborg, Denmark 839 Sheffield, England 361

Aarhus, Denmark 82, 1062 South Australian ConferAlbany, New York 458 ence 745

Amsterdam, Holland 747 Southern Illinois 648

Arkansas Conference 939 Southern States Mission... 746

Austin, Texas 838 Southwest Virginia ConferBaltimore, Md 137 ence 272

Barnsley Conference, EngSt. Joseph, Missouri 456

land 840 Victoria Conference 83

Barre, Vermont 558 West Pennsylvania ConferBelfast Conference 357 ence 355

Bergen Branch, Norway... 649 West Washington ConferBristol, England 459 ence 1019

Brooklyn, New York.... 45, 558 Woodstock, South Africa.. 935

Bury, Lancashire, England 1042 Eardley, Roscoe W 1105

Chattanooga, Tenn 457, 648 Emigrant Train in Echo

Christiania Conference, Canyon 1090

Norway 274 Empey, Nelson A 420

Columbia, South Carolina.. 988 Eskimo Graves on Lower

Columbus, South Carolina. 938 Yukon, Alaska 811

Company A, East Kansas.. 180 Excavations at Jerico 405

Company A, Missouri ConFirst Home of the Deseret ference 647 Museum, The 952 Company B, St. Johns, KanFlag Rush, U. of U 63

sas 649 Fort in a Corner of the Old

Company T, New HampCity Wall 686 shire Conference 177 Front View of the Parthenon 796

Deventer, Holland 353 Garden of Gethsemane, Ine. 258

Dresden Conference 547 General View of Bethlehem,

East Kansas and Independ- A 479, 480 ence 1041 General View of Salt Lake,

Grand Island, Nebraska... 559 1871...956

Independence, Missouri.... 837 Glee Clubs of Jacksonville,

Irish Conference 179 Florida 840

Jonkoping, Sweden 838 Glimpse of the Valley 772

Linkoping, Sweden 559 Going on a Mission in 1867.. 1091

Lisbon, New Hampshire... 940 Great Falls, Yellowstone.... 903

Louisiana 8U Group of Bureau Workers, A 691

Lowell, Mass 358 Group Delegation—Boy

Manchester. England 744 Scouts 1088

Maryland Conference 547 Group of Selenite Crystals.. 969

Milwaukee, Wisconsin..743, 748 Hair Pin Curve, Uintah Ry.. 684

Nebraska City, Nebraska... 924 Hawkins. Tohn S 509

VI INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

ILLUSTRATIONS—Continued ILLUSTRATIONS—Continued

PAGE PAGE Hearthstone at Birthplace of Macedonian Guard in the the Prophet Joseph Smith 97 King's Garden 794

Heber Track Team 843 Mack, Colorado 679

Hell's Half Acre, YellowMalerstuen 592 stone 989 Manger in the Church of the

Hewlett, Frank J 900 Nativity, The 482

Hieroglyphics Near BenjaMany Weary Months of Axmin, Utah Swinging 51 582, 583-4-5-6-7-8-9, 590 Mapusaga, English Speaking

Hills, Louis S. 195 Girls 234

Horrocks, Catherine D 321 Mapusaga School Boys in

Horrocks, Peter 321 Dance 231 Hotel Maryland Float 374 Margetts, Phil 197

House of Ananias, The 8 Mars Hill 798

How Cocoanuts are Brought Martin, Thomas L 340 to Earth 232 McAndrew's Lake, Uintah

Hyde, Elder Chas. H 832 Ry 685

Hyde, Orson 198 McKenzie, David 194

Innisfallen, Killarney 40 Meeting of the Waters, Kil-'

Interior of Selenite Geode... 967 larney 39

Islands, Lake Killarney, The 37 M. I. A. Playgrounds near

Jacobs, Chariton 510 Vernal 1016

Jacob's Twist, St. George... 200 Mineral Section, Deseret MuJacob's Well 144 seum 962

Japanese Battleship, Pasadena Missionaries of the Brooklyn

Harbor 375 Conference 45 Jenkins, Thomas 418 Mohammedan at Prayer, A... 141

Jerusalem—from Mount of Mohammedan Funeral ProOlives. 253 cession, A 621

Joseph Smith Memorial MonMoody, Wm. A 114

ument, Sharon, Vt., The.. 100 "Mormon"Choir of NottingKimball, Elvira F 511 ham, England, The 748

Kimball, Heber P 420 Morning Calisthenic ExerKimball, Mary E 419 cises of Boy Scouts 1084

Kimball, Solomon F 508 Moro Castle, Uintah Ry 682 of Omar 258 Kimball, Vilate M 417 Mosque

Lake Scene in the Uintahs, A 683 Mount of the Temptation,

Lambourne, Alfred 568 The 403 Large Bear, National ZoologMouth of Johnson's Canyon, ical Park 893 St. George 311

Latham in Monoplane 374 MuKun-TuWeap, The 528

L. D. S. Local Choir, AalMusser, A. Milton 418

borg, Denmark 942 Mysterious Canyon, The 825 L. D. S. Meetinghouse, CoNarrows, The—in Little Zion

lumbia, S. C 1040 Valley 320

L. D. S. Sunday School in Nation, Carry 1000

Darbun, Miss 557 Navajo Indians, Bluff, Utah.. 533

... 138 L. D. S. Sunday School, Poe, Nazareth, From the West.

Kansas 355 Office of the Director, DesLineup for Roll Call—Boy eret Museum 977

Scouts 1085 Old Gun—Fort McHenry, Md.214

Little, Jas. T 508 Olson, Daniel 196

Looking Westward Across On a Japanese Battleship.... 375 City Creek Canyon 687

of Our Bright Young Lyman, Amasa M 198 One Lyman, Francis M 194 Men—Samoa 235

INDEX TO SUBJECTS. vn

ILLU STRATIONS—Continued ILLUSTRATIONS—Continued

PAGE PAGE One of the Cups Awarded in Sphinx, The 624

Liberty Stake 1046 Spruce Spires 874

On Christmas Eve Squires, John 196

Golden Gate 119 "Street which is Called

Isles of Shoals 118 Straight, The"9

Mary's Lake 118 Sugar Loaf 310

Orchestra, Basel Branch, Sunrise Over the Wasatch.. 35

Switzerland 1098 Syrian Market, A 13 Organ, The—In Little Zion Taylor, John 190

Valley 319 Taylor, Richard J 507

Original Manuscript of the Temple Block 981

Book of Mormon 384 Temple of Dionysius 797

O the Freedom of the MounTemple of the Rio Virgen... 472

tains 760 "Terra Nova"Leaving Port

Over the Little Mountain. 770771 Chalmers 373

. 902 "Terra Nova,"On the 372 Palace Gorge—Yellowstone

Park, Agnes 318 Thatcher, George W 421 Park, Hamilton G 318 Theseum, The 798

Pits of Dothan, where Joseph Tolstoi, Count Leo, Nikolawas Sold into Egypt 143 vitch 279

Pool of Gideon, The 142 Tomb of Rachel 478

Pratt, Orson 199 Tower of Rockville, Little

President Brigham Young's Zion Valley 319

Residence 506 Tracting, Ellsworth, Kansas 354

Pring, W 1108 Triassic Terraces of the VirProphet Joseph Smith 94 gen River Valley 317

Pyramids of Gizeh 623 Tutuila Elders and Native "Queen of Parks, The"875 School Girls 233

Raisin Merchant, Damascus, Typical Egyptian Monument,

A 11 Alexandria 625 Residence Street in Juarez, Typical Group—Boy Scouts.. 1087

Mexico 452 Uintah M. I. A. Ball Team... 844

Richards, Franklin D 192 Uintah Stake Champion Basket

Richards, Willard 419 Ball Team 645

Rio Virgen, The, Near RockUpper Falls, Yellowstone.. 901

ville 416 Vermont Building, The 960

River Jordan, The 404 Via Dolorosa, The 256

Rocky Ridge, St. George, Ut. 314 View in Annex to Mineral

Romney, Elder O. D 372 Section 963

Ruins on the Site of Mary View in Ethnology Section.. 975

and Martha's House, BethView in the Laboratory, Desany 400 eret Museum 979

Ruins of the Synagogue at Wailing Place of the Jews,

Capernaum 27 The 257 Sangiovanni, Gugliemo, RosWatt, George D 510 setti 955 Wells, Emmeline B 69 199 Scaffolds—Cocoanut PlantaWhite, Mary

tion 52 White River 684 Col. Tohn R 312 Section of Mapusaga—SaWinder,

moa. 235 Woodruff, Wilford 190

Ship of the Desert, A 624 Young, Amelia F 191

Smith, George A 196 Young, Emily 193

Smith, Hyrum, the Patriarch 856 Young, Fannie 193

Smith, Joseph, the Prophet.. 858 Young, H. S. 507

954 Snow, Eliza R 417 Young, John W

Snow, Erastus 199, 282 Young, Le Grand 420

Snow, Lorenzo 192 Young, Mary 313.

vni INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

ILLUSTRATIONS—Continued MUTUAL WORK—Continued

PAGE PAGE Young, Oscar B 510 Daynes Trophy, The 848

Young, Seymour B 511 Do You Favor Boxing With

Industry 524 Gloves? 91

Industry and Optimism 725 General M. I. A. Annual Field

Joseph Smith, a Prophet of Day 846

God General M. I. A. Conference.. 942

23, 167, 259, 322, 427, 534, 627 Los Angeles M. I. A 752

Judge's Temperance Lecture, M. I. A. Annual Conference.. 850

A 619 Millard Stake M. I. A. Day... 843

Just a Little Blue Stocking.. New Zealand M. I. A 91

128, 202 Oratory and Story Telling... 753

Law and Freedom 473 Preliminary Programs 1047

Last Witness A 545 Propositions for Debate 89 "Lest We Forget"731 Quarterly Conjoint Meetings 367

Little Problems of Married Questions for Debate 367

Life 787, 917, 1024, 1093 Questions on the Senior Man- "Love Thy Neighbor as Thyuals 277 self"859 Social Affairs 1049, 1052

Loyalty of Brigham Young, Uintah Stake Field Meet 844

The 603 Wasatch Stake Track Meet.. 843

Magazine Slanders Confuted... 719 Work of Stake Superintendent 464

Malerstuen 592 Y. M. M. I. A. Statistics 850

Mapusaga, a Factor in ProgresNatural Development 28 sive Samoa 231 Nature Proclaims a Deity 1076

Messages from the Missions.. Nephite Shepherd, The. 64, 120, 239

79, 117, 272, 352, 455, 555, 644, New Mission President 882 743, 837, 937, 1040, 1062, 1114 New President for the African "Michigan Relics,"The 1049 Mission 900

M. I. A. Annual Conventions.. 951 New President of the NetherMissionary, The 822 landsBelgium Mission....1105

"Mormon"Exodus, The 340 Oliver Cowdery 379

Morning of the Restoration, On the Visit of the Angel 377

The 103 Open Road, The 1077 MuKun-TuWeap, The 528 Our Refuge and Strength.... 1103

Museum 951 Over the Little Mountain 770

Over the Plains 824 MUTUAL WORK: Over the Uintah Railway and

Additional Conjoint Meetings 91 Stage to Vernal 679

Alpine Stake Activities 845 PASSING EVENTS:

Annual Convention Dates.... 752 Affairs in Mexico 757, 854

Annual M. I. A. Conference.. 751 Annual S. S. Union ConferAnnual M. I. A. Musical Conence 658

test 655 AntiMormon Mass Meeting,

Annual Reports and ConferAn 757 ences 562 Arbitration Treaties 1124

Annual Y. L. and Y. M. M. I. Aviation Meet, An 657

A. and Primary Association Aviation Meet at Los AngeConference 655 les, The 374

Are Your Records Well Kept 464 Ballantyne, Joseph 1123

Ask Yourselves 183 Ballinger, Richard A 563

Canvass for Subscriptions.... 90 Bastian, Elder Gearson S... 467

Circular of Suggestions..... 90 Bateman, Samuel 469

Commendable Activity in Battleship, "Maine,"The... 185

Liberty Stake, A 848 Beautiful Homes in Liberty

Concert and Conference.... 753 Stake 1045

Day of Recreation, A 183 Beautiful Hotel, Utah 851

INDEX TO SUBIECTS. IX

PASSING EVENTS—Continued PASSING EVENTSContinued

PAGE PAGE 1 Belnap, J. O 94 TTHewlett, President Frank J.. Bingham, Patriarch Sanford Howe, Julia Ward 1122184

Sr 371 Howell, Representative JoBritish Parliament, 465 The sePh 538 Information, Bureau of The.. 94 Insurrectionr in Mexico, The.. 466

Canada to Have New Navy.. 369 Investigation of "Mormon"

Cannon, Elder Lester JenActivity in England 565 kins 1043 Jack, James 659 Cannon, Dr. E. G 465 Japanese Warships 375 Carlson, August W 949 Johnson, Tom Loftin 754

Carnegie, Andrew 470 King George V 948

Census Returns 278 Kirkman, Elder John Edward

Chief Justice of the Supreme 370, 468

Court, The 376 Largest Inheritance Tax 564

China's Progress 185 Launch "Galilee"852

Church and State Questions Lee, Elder William O 467 in Spain 280 Lehi Home Coming 852 "Cities of the Sun"465 Liquor Question, Idaho....1126

Commercial Bank of Tooele.. 851 Life Lines 538

Congress, Extra Session.... 1121 "Los Angeles Times,"The... 93

Contributions for the Silver Lucy Walker Kimball 92

Service Fund 948 Madsen, Peter 1121

Corn Crop for 1910, The.... 278 Memorial to Queen Victoria,

Corporation Tax, The 564 A 851

Count Leo. N. Tolstoi 279 Moffat, David H 537

Cox, Henry 755 More Congressmen 755

Crossing the Atlantic in an Morton, William A 466

Airship 186 "Mother Stories from the

Decision Against the StanBook of Mormon"755 dard Oil Company, A 755 Nation, Carry A 851

Diaz's Cabinet Resigned 659 National Income Tax AmendEddy, Mary Baker Glover.... 371 ment 657

Elkins, Senator Stephen B... 369 New District Judges 656

Elsinore Chapel, The 852 New Wards and Changes, 466,

Evans, David M 1121 564. 600. 754, 853, 950. 1045, 1125

'Evans, Henry Beck 656 New York 662

Exports from the United Nielson, Judge C. M 1124

States 563 November Elections, The.... 185

Extra Session of Congress,An 563 Number of Wards, The 369

Fairbanks, Avard 563 Ode to Efficiency, An 469

Famine and Plague in China 565 Official State Flag for Utah.. 537

Final Official Returns 280 One Cent Letter Postage 186

For the Abolition of InternaOneida Stake Presidency, The 93 tional War 369 Pacific Land and Produce ExFreece, the AntiMormon Aghibition 659 itator 949 Parry, Joseph 1122 From the Frozen North 1044 Peary reached the North Pole 465

German Census, The 656 Peary, Robert E 564

Gilbert, Sir William S 851 Photos of the Barque "Terra

Nova"372 Ford's Last DaughGovernor 660 Plague in India, The 656 ter Portugal 93

Heywood, Joseph Leland.... 661 Portugese Republic. The 184

Hill, David Bennett 184 Postal Savings Banks 184, 656

Horace Greeley's Hundredth Postal Savings Bank at

Anniversary 466 Provo 369 Huffaker, Elizabeth RichReciprocity in "Favored Naardson 755 tions"756

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PASSING EVENTS—Continued POETRY—Continued

PAGE PAGE Reciprocity with Canada. 468, 1126 Cast Not the Stone 815

Reiser, Albert S 948 Christmas Hymn 102

Revolution in Mexico, The... 566 Climb 543

Rioting in Mexico 370 Come, See the Place 532

Romney, Elder O. D 371 Consolation 27

Roosevelt Dam, The 658 Crisis, A 437

Ruins of Guatemala, The 661 Do the Thing You Konw is

Russia and China 470 Right 287

Salt Lake City's Population. 184 Earthly Mission 512

San Francisco—Panama CanEre Life's Fleet Hour Has

al Exhibition 565 Flown 309 Seegmiller, Elder Wm. H... 467 Eventide 489

Siam 186 Fisherman, The 230 Situation in Mexico, The.... 658 Get a Rake 515

South Pole Expeditions 756 "God is Just"799

Special Session of the SixtyGod's Love 146

Second Congress 657 Hark 912 Taylor, John W., ExcommuIf I Should Die 55

nicated 754 I'll Serve the Lord While I

Terrible Fire 656 am Young (Music) 525

Third Housekeepers'ConferInland Sea, The 219 ence, The 853 It's the Word to the Living

Tolstoi, Count Leo. N 279 that Counts 1008

"Tournament of Roses,"The 374 Life's River 734

Tramway between Tooele Life's Work 238 and Highland Boy, The... 93 Looking Back 591

"United Order."The 657 Lullaby 861

University of Utah, The.... 852 Man Who Follows the Plow,

Utah Granite Memorial The 505 Monument, A 851 Martyrs, The 915

Utah Independent Telephone Motherhood 496

Co., The 851 New Firm, The 117

Utah Legislature, The... 370. 537 New Year, The 246

Visit to the Capson House. A. 92 Opportunity 494

Visit to Ireland by King Routine 1110

George V 948 Sacrament, The 31

Wallis, Mr. James H 1044 Song of the World 526

Warburton, Bishon Joseph... 658 Sweet Sylvia 7

Ward, Mrs. Eliz. Stuart Take Heart Again 330

Phelps. 470 That Comrade of My Dreams 998

Western Pacific Railway 371 The Train of Human Pro754 gress 1081 Winter, Thos. W

Wireless Telegraohv 465 Thou Art Everywhere Before

Women Gained the Right to Us 245

Vote 278 Thoughts By a Sea Marsh... 602

Writings of William Halls... 756 To My Missionary Boy 444

Young, Harriet Amelia F.... 280 To Phoebe 477

Young, Harriet Barney 563 Undertones 421

Pen Pictures of the Holv Land Vision, The 635 7. 138, 253, 302, 400. 478, 621, 794 Voice of the Shepherd 201

Philosophy of Opposition, The 44 Wait a Minute 710

Preliminary Programs and SoWanted 127 cial Affairs 1047 We Thank Thee. O God, for a

POETRY: Prophet (Music) 913

Apostrophe to Water 294 When Life Was Youne: 147

Call, The 618 Whispering from the Dust... 678

Capernaum 26 Zion, Thou Holy One 306

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE: page TABLE—Continued page

Priesthood as Teachers, The. 15 Seventies'Study Plan 462

About Passing from One Seventies'Yearbook PostGlorv to Another 87 poned 181

As to Records 941 Teachers'Quorums 367

Are We Living in One of the Teachers'Study 460

Three Glories? 86 To the Seventies 841

Class Work Should Be conTransfers 275 tinuous 842 What a Teachers'Quorum

Concerning the Course of Could Do 182

Study in 1911 362 Prophet and Patriarch, The... 855

Deacons'Study 367 Reciprocity With Canada 448

Duty of Presidents toward Richards, Nannie L 349

Unrecorded Seventies.... 653 Roosevelt to the "Mormons".. 712

Elders'Course of Study 364 Sacrament of the Lord's SupErratum in Current Year per, The 569

Book 654 Sacred Dust 56 For the Priesthood GeneralSchool thy Feelings (Music).. 406

ly 650 Smith Family in Vermont, The 95

Good Results of Priesthood Social Affairs 1047

Work 841 Some Men Who Have Done

High Priests Study..363. 461, 561 Things 696

Hints to Seventies on Class Spirit of America, The 761

Work 363 Springtime on the Wasatch... 567

How to Make a Class RecitaStory of the Restoration, The.. 800

tion Interesting 85 Suggestion, A 894

Ideal Teachers'Quorum, The 276 Sunny Days in Ireland 32

Important Special Seventies Temples of the Rio Virgen... 471

Meetings 88 Testimony, A 1 108

Loyalty to Year Book 560 Title of Liberty, The 759

New Course of Study 275 Tranquility 596

Official Action Taken Against Trees and Schools 493

Matthias F. Cowley 750 Tribute to Erastus Snow 281

Permanent Records for QuoTruth 773 Western Canada 808 rums of the High Priesthood 275 West with the Ships of Hagoth 516 Roll, Minute Book and RecWhat a Hungarian Gentleman ords 750 Writes 812

Suggestion for Priesthood What Prohibition Has Done

Convention, A 749 for Kansas 759

Seventies'Annual Day 1119 Wild Justice Under Law 613

Seventies'Fourth Year Book 560 Word Pictures of the YellowSeventies'Fifth Year Book.. 1119 stone 901, 989

Seventies Should Have ComWorth of a Boy, The plete Set of Year Books... 561 263, 327, 445, 581

INDEX TO AUTHORS.

Adams, John Q 51, 231 Baggarley, Maud 512

Alder, Lydia D....26, 146, 532, 734 Barrett, John T 327 Brimhall, George H 538, 1035Allred, Jennie 824 Brookbank, Thomas WAnderson, Edward H 395, 500, 703, 983

59, 215, 679, 855, 1052 Wm. J. Bryan 768

Anderson, Hugo B 613 Cannon, Elizabeth Rachel

Anderson, Nephi..32, 431, 592, 1000 516, 833, 862

Babcock, A. Rowley 822 Cannon, Zina B 1059

Badger, Senator Carl A 928 Careless, George 406

INDEX TO AUTHORS.

PAGE PAGE

Clawson, Rudger 1112 Mitton, Sarah E 309

Crockwell, George Moody, William 113 A W...23, 167, 259, 322, Morton, 427, 534, 627 William A 738, 1103

Curtis Theodore E O'Brien, H. J 421

7, 27, 31, 117, 201, 245, 306, 635, 912 Osmond, Alfred 287, 1081

Day, C. E. Jr 477 Pack, Frederick J 320

Done, Willard 1009 Parker, Aubray 56

Duffin, James G 346 Pasztor, Arpad 812

Evans, John Henry 696, 1077 Pearson, Sarah E. H 147, 496

First Presidency of the Church 719 Peery, Joseph S 688

Fox, Ruth M 710 Penrose, Charles W 406Frost, Grace Ingles 330, 815 Ramsey, L. A 94

Gardner, Hamilton Richards, Charles C 15 8, 138, 253, 302. 400, 478, 621, 794 Roberts, B. H 103, 538, 665, 774

Goddard, Benjamin 538 Roberts, Eugene L 1084

Goff, Harold 125 Robinson, Joseph E 294

Goodman, Charles 409, 533, 695 Rolapp, Judge Henrv H 859

Haddock, Lon J 1008 Russell, Isaac 712

Hansen, Niels 102 Rust, David D 263, 873

Harris, Frank B 473 Sanders, Ellen Lee 238, 591

Hibben, John Grier 44 Sellers, Charles S 543

Hinckley, B. S 1047 Sloan, Walter J 731

Hogenson, Prof. J. C..28, 513, 877 Smith, Bishop David A 941

Hoggan, Leila Marler Smith, President Joseph F..70,

128, 202, 445, 489, 904, 990 176, 266, 281, 548, 636, 735,

Holland, J. G 127.827, 936, 1032, 1111

Hyde. William A 1, 569, 761 Spencer, Josephine 150

Ingalls, John J 494 Smith, President John Henry.. 169

Jenson, Nephi 1017 Snow, Moroni

Jordan, William George. 46, 248, 283, 410, 490, 631, 816, 925, 1020

331, 442, 485, 597, 787, 917, 1024, 1093 Stewart, Dr. Robert 438

Kimball, Solomon F Stubbs, Governor W. R 759

m 189, 311. 415, 507 Talmage, Dr. James E

Kirby, George D 42 725 953, 1049

Kleinman, Bertha A 526. 1110 Tanner, Dr. Joseph M..!..448, 808

Lambourne. Alfred 118, Taylor, Rachel Grant 1061

528, 567, 602, 686, 770773, 901, 989 Thomas, Elbert D 289 246, 861Larson, Louis W 437, 678, 768 Thomas Kate

Leigh, Rufus 219 Tomlinson, J. B 307

Leishman, Tames A 915 Tuckett, H. A 913

Lovesy. Edith R 1049 Watkins, Arthur V

Lund, President Anthon H.... 75 64, 239, 297, 120

Malin, Annie 444 Welling, Arthur 581

Malone, Walter 494 Wells, Junius F 95, 379

Martin, Thomas L 340 Widtsoe, Osborne J. P 800

Martineau, Lyman R 1014 Williams, Grace 799

Maynard. C. C 582 Woodruff, Dr. J. Lloyd....230, 894

Merrill, H. R 998 Young, Levi Edgar 829

Michelsen, R 525 Young, M. M 568

Miller, Barbara 883 Young, Dr. Seymour B 603

TfltKABK- OFtf-AiGUARAFTEt NOW AND ALWAYS Such are our Wedding Rings, last forever. We specialize in Wedding Silver, Prize Cups and Clocks. We make to order Medals, School

Pins and Jewelry. BOYD PARK, InC.

Pioneer Jeweler, Salt Lake City, Utah

3IH ZJIIDHI lUC 191112 SENIOR MANUAL SUBJECT: PROBLEMS IN ECONOMICS, II TO OUR ADVERTISERS:

There being an unlooked for delay in the distribution of the Senior Manual, we present in this number of the ERA the advertisements, so that the adverID tisers may have their messages before the public on time. These advertisements appear, of course, in the

Junior Manual which has been and is being distributed in regular order.

is ready the advertiseWhen the Senior Manual ments will again appear, thus really giving our patrons a circulation of some 13,000 copies more than was promised, to make up for the delay in distribution.

TO THE PUBLIC:

When you write or purchase goods, name the

ERA and MANUAL.

n c h i lh LEI

West. of the School leadingCommercial T TTfT? The enter anytime. nnCTMT?CC students may all the year and new School PATCOLLLOL BUSINEOO

, HENAGER'SnLWAUtR o BUSINESS COLLEGE Positions guaranteed,.to all graduates.a

Write for catalog and full information. SALT LAKEU1V,

What a Young Man Must Know if he is to succeed in life, is that the Twentieth Century is the

Miracle of Centuries. Now as never before the world is being over to meet the demands of a new transformed—made

order of things. Education has been revolutionized in the

last two decades. Now an education means, not cultured

uselessness, but the ability to meet the problems of life and solve them. The New Education is an education which applies the knowledge that the effort of ages has accumulated

to the work of life. Agriculture has become a profession

which demands training, and which pays large rewards to those Who Know. The work of the home has become a

work of great intelligence and dignity because the best in science and art has transformed it. Business methods today

are different from those of yesterday. The skilled workman

in wood, iron or steel must be trained if he is to receive the best in his profession. The builder of roads and highways,

the expert in irrigation and drainage, and in questions of farm machinery, and agricultural engineering in general, must be trained to meet modern conditions.

The work of the AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE OF

UTAH is fundamentally practical. At the same time opportunity exists for broad and liberal training in the sciences,

English, literature, history, economics, and the languages.

A catalogue and special illustrated literature will be sent to those who apply. A personal letter to the President, in case

all questions are not answered by the printed literature, will be welcomed. Address:

THE PRESIDENT Agricultural College of Utah LOGAN, UTAH NfiRAVINC 0>

2527-29 WL5T SALT LAKE 30UTN TEN ST. CITY UTAH

"WHERE THE GOODS ARE GOOD GOODS"Basket Ball Uniforms [[Your uniforms will be the Utah best if you send us your order.

We carry a large line and many special combinations of Implementcolors.

IThe Vehicle Spalding No. "M"

Co. Ball is the only Official Ball. Send SALT LAKE CITY,

UTAH for catalog of Athletic Goods or Guns. Pennants and Trophies made to order. We

We received the Gold Medal guarantee satisfaction and at the State Fair for the best exprompt shipment.

hibit of Farm Implements, Machinery and Vehicles. WESTERN ARMS &

SPORTING GOODS C2. J. F. BURTON, Gen'l Manager 115 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

JOSEPH F. SMITH, Prea. LORENZO N. STOHL, 2nd VicePres. & Mgr. N. G. STRINGHAM, Sec'y

INSURE WITH YOUR FRIENDS Wi\t Ikwixtvxi Htfe insurant do.

A home company with every dollar of its funds invested in safe home securities. Led all Life Insurance Companies

in new business written, Utah, 1909 and 1910.

-HOME OFFICE, VERMONT BLDG. SALT LAKE CITY

ffiama&hjffluaicCb.cjrABusnep /86a

mm4m- c/rr-i/rji*, "UTAH'S LARGEST MUSIC HOUSE"JOSEPH J. DAYNES, JR.. Pres.

Pianos and Organs Exclusive Jobbers Columbia Phonographs and Records

The Springtime of Life Is the Time to Save If you should deposit only twentyfive cents a day you would have, with interest, more than $500, five years from now. One dollar or more will start your

account. Get one of our Home Savings Banks to help

you save. We pay four per cent per annum.

Trust Co. Utah Savings &

Salt Lake City, - Utah

DIRECTORS

W. S. McCORNICK W. J. HALLORAN F. C. JENSEN

E. A. WALL JOS. S. WELLS J. FRANK JUDGE

W. MONT FERRY FRANK B. COOK

Manager, HEBER M. WELLS

ASK YOUR DEALER FOR

I.Z. C. M. SHOES AND

OVERALLS They give excellent satisfaction.

Each pair guaranteed

Miners, farmers, laborers or men who do heavy work will save money by purchasing our noted waterproof bluchers or bootees. For all

around service ask, for the Wyoming or Summit lines.

OUR SCHOOL SHOES

"MOUNTAINEER"for boys and girls keep the feet warm and dry—they are OVERALLS made specially for rough and

are honestly made. Get them. ready wear.

KNOWLEDGE USE THE BEST

IS POWER CASTLE GATE, CLEAR CREEK, PLEASANT The Books to VALLEY, UTAH AND read this SUNNYSIDE season Dry Farming $1.50

John Marvel Assist ant - - $1.50

The Young Man and World - $1.50

GoodHunting$1.00

The Young Forester - - - - $1.25 Its'a pleasure to burn any of them

Boy Wanted $1.25 so clean bright and steady.

Alfred the Great.50 Always—toEconomicalbe depended—upon

Order Sunnyside Coal suits the Blacksmith Now Utah Fuel Company 7th Floor Judge Bldg. Salt Lake CityDE5ERfT 5.5.UNI0N BOOKSTORE

44AND 46EA5T-5DTEMPlaLTUKEaTT Please mention the M. I. A. MANUAL when you write to advertisers.

INDEX TO ADVERTISING PAGES.

To the Reader:—The firms represented in this Manual are safe and reliable, and are among the leaders in their lines of business. When you write to

them to investigate their messages, or to purchase their goods, please mention the Manual. It will be to your advantage.

Agricultural College of Utah—The New Education

Inside front cover.. IV AshtonJenkins Co.—Mortgage Bonds, Salt Lake Real Estate.

...Outside back cover Beneficial Life Insurance Co.—Life Insurance.

DaynesBeebe Music Co.—Pianos, Organs, Columbia Phonographs, Records Outside back cover

DeBouzek Engraving Co.—Designing, Engraving, Electrotyping

Inside back cover Deseret individual instruction XI Gymnasium—Class and

Deseret News—Pioneer Newspaper IX

Deseret Printing IX News—Job Deseret News Book Store—Books IX

I Deseret S. S. Union Book Store—Books

Dr. W. H. Groves Latterday Saints Hospital XII

Tiles IV Elias Morris and Sons Co.—Monuments, Mantles,

Genealogical Society of Utah XI training. Front outside cover Henager's Business College—Commercial

Home Fire Insurance Co. of Utah—Fire Insurance X

Hulbert Bros. Trunk Factory—Trunks, Suit Cases, Bags V

Improvement Era—Advertising Medium IV

Index to Advertisers II Keeley Ice Cream Co.—Ice Cream Ill

Lewiston Sugar Company—Sugar Manufacturers XMurphy Candy Co.—Auto Chocolates Ill

Officers Y. M. M. I. A VI

Pacific Reclamation Company—Nevada Lands VII

Park, Jeweler—Wedding Rings, Medals, School Pins, etc

Outside front cover Pierce's Pork and Beans—Pure Food Ill

Reading Course—Y. M. M. I. A VIII

Salt Lake Nursery Co.—Fruit Trees V

Skelton Publishing Printing IV Co.—JobStartup Candy Co.—Chocolates, BuyRoz Gum, Candies, Manufacturing Specialists Insert

Utah Fuel Co.—Coal I

UtahIdaho Sugar Co.—Sugar Makers. V

Utah ImplementVehicle Co.—Farm Implements, Machinery,

Vehicles Inside back"cover Utah Savings and Trust Co.—Savings accounts...Outside back cover

Western Arms and Sporting Goods Co.—Basket balls, Uniforms,

Athletic goods, pennants, trophies Inside back cover

West's Mail Order House—Knitted Garments. V

Z. C. M. I.—Shoes, Overalls, General Mdse I

If it's GOLD MEDAL AWARDED AT STATE FAIR Murphy's it's foine

'y Murph Auto Chocolates

Look Right, Taste Right and Are Right

30c and 60c All Dealers Nothing better than Ice

Cream in Brick and IndiSure an'it's Murphy's vidual Forms for all entertainments. Special prices

Churches.MurphyCandyCo. to Wards and

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH PHONES 3223

Pork and Beansn* vmjJ** WithTomatoSaucer lClCC S '"DAY OR NIGHT—

ALWAYS RIGHT'READY TO SERVE

PURE FOOD

ALL

GROCERS

Please mention the M. I. A. MANUAL when you write to advertisers.

ELIAS MORRIS & SONS CO.

NEPHI L. MORRIS, Manager SKELTON

PUBLISHING Monuments, eOMPAAIV Mantels, i i Printers, Bookbinders and ManufacInscription Work turers of Court Exceptional care given to Monumental Records, Dockets,

Inscriptionand Work. Prices always Legal Blanks andreasonable, satisfaction guaranteed.

Blank Books MANTELS COMPLETE FROM $60.00 UP. Loose Leaf Devices,

Finest line of genuine piano finished Office Supplies

Mantels in the State.

We solicit your correspondence if Grates, Tiles, Cement and Building you contemplate the printing of a

Material Write for free catalog. genealogical book or any other

manuscript.

OFFICE AND FACTORYELIAS MORRIS & SONS CO.

Opp. South Gate Temple Block 235 EDISON STREET

Salt Lake City, Utah Salt Lake City

Magazine Advertising Is Most Effective Do not let interested advertising agents mislead you into belieying otherwise

Smprotoement BY INVESTING IN FIRST Cra MORTGAGE BONDS secured by Improved Salt Lake Real EsReaches more than ten thousand double the interest on thrifty families in the intermoun- tate—you

your savings. tain region. The ERA is read by

Write and let us show you. at least 75,000 upto-date citizens,

and progressive builders. If you

have a message for them, use gtefjtoivJenkins Co. the ERA.

47 MAIN STREET Phone 919, or write, and our man will show you.

2022 Bishop's Bldg., Salt Lake City SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

THE MARK OF QUALITY REDUCED RATES TO MISSIONARIES

HULBERT BROS. TRUNK

FACTORY

Suit Cases, Bags, Etc.

Repairing

231 Main Street c Adjoinin E Kenyon Hotel bait Lake City, Utah

JOSEPH F. SMITH, THOM AS R. CUTLER, H.G.WHITNEY, W. T. PYPER,

President I'uePres. and Gen'l Mgr. Sec'y and Treas. Ant See') and Treas.

Utaf)=3toaf)o &upr Company General Offices;: l>f)aron 2Hutlbtng,

e#>alt Hafee Cttp, Utaf)

Factories: Lehi, Utah; Garland, Utah; Blackfoot, Idaho; Idaho Falls, Idaho;

Sugar City, Idaho; Nampa, Idaho; Elsinore, Utah.

Pumping Stations:. Provo, Utah; Spanish Fork, Utah; Parker, Idaho

HAVE ONE HUNRDED THOUSWlEFlUltFVlllf AND APPLE TREES, mostly Gano and W

Jonathan. Also a general assortment of Fruit as/"|Ai4TA|n!

well as Ornamental Trees. Call and examine

our stock or write to us.

SALT LAKE NURSERY CO.

M. CHRISTOPHERSON, Proprietor

1983 S. State Street Salt Lake City, Utahr

SEND YOUR ORDERS FOR KNITTED GARMENTS TO WEST'S MAIL ORDER HOUSE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

T Prices the Lowest Quality the Best wLTSr

Please mention the M. I. A. MANUAL when you write to advertisers.

I. A. OFFICERS Y. M. M.

Standing Committees—General Board

CLASS STUDY AND MANUALS—B. S. Hinckley, Chairman; John A. Widtsoe,

George H. Brimhall, Edward H. Anderson, Nephi L. Morris, D. M. Todd,

Moroni Snow.

ATHLETICS, FIELD SPORTS, OUTDOOR ACTIVITIES AND EMPLOYSmith, B. F. Grant. MENTS—Lyman R. Martineau, Chairman; Hyrum M. MUSIC AND DRAMA—Oscar A. Kirkham, Chairman; Willard Done, James H.

Anderson.

Y. Taylor, Lewis T. SOCIAL AFFAIRS—Junius F. Wells, Chairman; Frank Cannon, T. A. Clawson, Benjamin Goddard.

LIBRARY AND READING—George H. Brimhall, Chairman; Edward H. Anderson, Nephi L. Morris, Joseph F. Smith, Jr., Thomas Hull.

(ONFERKNCES AND CONVENTIONS—Edward H. Anderson, Chairman; Heber J. Grant, D. M. Todd, Moroni Snow, Joseph W. McMurrin.

M. Smith, Frank Y. Taylor. MISSIONARY—B. F. Grant, Chairman; Hyrum DEBATES, CONTESTS. LECTURES—Dr. John A. Widtsoe, Chairman. P. H. Roberts, Joseph F. Smith, Jr., A. W. Ivins, Edwaru H. Anderson.

Smith, Jr. and B. S. Hinckley. 9. AUDITING—Joseph F.

J. Grant, Man10. ERA Joseph F. Smith, Edward H. Anderson. Editors; Heber ager; Moroni Snow, Assistant Manager.

Stake Superintendents

J. "WaHar Lowe, Cardston, AlNebo—MelvinAlberta—North Sannete—HeberWilson, Payson,S. Olsen,Utah.Fairberta, Canada. view. Utah. Utah. Lehi, Child, A.Alpine—Frai.cis 242 A. Anderson, North Weber—Henry Ida. Lund, Shank, St., 23rdBannock—Charles Ogden, Utah. Paris, Sutton,Bear Lake—Edward F. Farr, Ogden, Utah. GarWelling, D. Ida. Ogden—Thos.Bear Liver—Franklin Ida. G. Preston, Eames, Oneida—David Utah. land,

Beaver, Panguitch—Leonard C. Sargent, PanBeaver—John G. McQuarrie,

Utah. Smithfield, B. Jones, City, Utah. Cedar Parowan—S.Benson—A.Utah. guitch, Utah. Lovell, Wyo. 19 A. Pleasant Howard, Pioneer—W. Horn—H.J. C.Merrill,Carlton. Idaho C. Barlow, City. Utah. Ave., Salt LakeBigBingham—Freeman Falls, Ida., R. D. 1. Pocatello—L. F. Zundell, Pocatello, Ida.

J. Bennett, Shelley, Ida. R. F. D. No. 1.Blackfoot—T.

Box Burton, Rigby, R. F. D. Elder—Ernest P. Horsley, Brigham Rigby—Willard Utah. City, No. 1, Ida.

Utah. Logan, Cranney, E. So. 47 E. Salt Carr, MainCache—A. Lake—Alex. Utah. Price, Pace, B. Utah. Salt Lake City,Carbon—Levi Idaho. Oakley, Nielson, O. F. St.Cass St. ia—a. H. Morris, George St.,George—David KaysBurton, C.Davis Utah. North—Hubert

ville, Utah. St. St. Ariz I. Whiting, Johns, Johns—E. Center- H. Smith,Davis St. Ariz. Pima, South—Charles Webb, Joseph—Fred ville, Utah. J. Colo. Jensen, Mancos, San Juan—Jens Roosevelt, Johnson, Colo. Peterson, Sanford, SanDuchesne—Clarence Luis—Swen

J. Peacock, Jr., EmSnowflake—Jos. W. Smith, Snowflake.Emery—BrighamUtah. Sevier—Milton Poulsen, Richfield, Utah.

Salt South Sanpete—Lewis R. Anderson,Ensign—Frankerv, Utah. Evans, 209 4th Ave., Arizona.

J. Hale, Afton.Wvo. Teton, Idaho. Baker, Vallev—Morris M.Fremont—JesseLake City, Utah. Manti, Utah. Coalville, Neeley, H. Utah. StarSummit—P. R. F. Moss, Murray, E.Granite—James Brimhall, H. Raymond. Taylor—Mark D. No. 4, Utah.

Hyrum—D.M. Alberta. Canada. Utah. Teton—HaroldJordan—John Bickmore,A. Ayelett, Paradise,Midvale, Utah. Tooele—John A. D.Lindberg,Winger, Tooele,Driggs,Utah.Ida. Utah. Uintah—Pontha Calder, Vernal, Utah.Juab—J. E. Sorensen, Nephi. S. Romney, Colonia Union—Victor E. Bean, La Grande, Ore.Juarez—George Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico. Utah—Joseph A. Buttle, Provo, Utah.Kanab—David L. Pugh, Kanab, Utah. Wasatch—A. M. Hansen, Heber City, 984 Lincoln Ave., Utah.Liberty—E. M. Ashton, Salt 'Lake City, Utah. Wayne—Walter E. Hanks, Grover,

Malad, E. Thomas,Malad—Charles A. Seaman, 275 33rd St.. Peterson, L. Mesa. Ida. Weber—GeorgeUtah.Maricopa—Henry Ogden. Utah. Arizona.

J. Brough, Lyman, Wyo.Millard—Jesse J. Bennett, Meadow, Utah. Woodruff—T.Morgan—George Sylvester Heiner, MorYellowstone—Heber C. Sharp, St. Angan, Utah. thony, Idaho.

INCV3.CI3. offers an investment opportunity

for the Farmer in Dry and Irrigated Fruit and Grain Lands Unparalleled in the Intermountain West.

A vast tract of land is being developed in Nevada by the

Pacific Reclamation Company. It comprises 60,000 acres

of dry farming land and 25,000 acres of irrigated land, and is contiguous to and surrounding Metropolis, the new town to which the Southern Pacific Railroad company is completing a branch from the main line.

Metropolis is the logical center of an area comprising 150,000acres of choice land, and near by are the famous Clover, Star and Ruby valleys, the fruit from which has taken first prizes at numerous interstate fairs, the abundance, size and quality of the orchard products setting a new mark for excellence in competition with those of nearby states.

The first wheat crop, grown on dry farm land which was cleared last fall, is yielding enormous returns, and the results from oats and barley raised on irrigated lands adjacent are in proportion.

Combined with the surrounding natural advantages and a soil in which anything raised in the temperate regions will thrive, the climatic condition? are so perfect that the farmer who elsewhere is obliged to combat heavy frosts and

extreme cold, has nothing of that kind to fear. There are

no extremes of heat or colli, the even temperate climate making it particularly desirable for the growing of crops and as a place to live.

Farmers all over the west are investing heavily. The project is thoroughly financed and carefully and conservatively managed. It is but six hours from Salt Lake and

is passed by many transcontinental trains daily.

The price of the dry land ranges from $10 to $15 per acre—that of the irrigated from $50 to $75. Liberal terms are

offered prospective settlers, the land being sold on a payment down, and ten deferred payments of which the second and third are but half of those for the succeeding years.

Ten thousand acres of the irrigated land come under the

Carey Act, the water for which Fells for $62.50 per acre.

Write for Complete Information

J. W. WOOLF, Land Commissioner

Pacific Reclamation Company NEWHOUSE BUILDING, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

VIII

THE READING COURSE

Beginning with the season of 1906-7, the General Board suggested a reading course and have since named certain books each season to guide the members of our organization in their selection of good books, and to encourage the habit of reading among the young men.

Here is a suggestion. Let every association have a set of the books on

hand. Then let the librarian keep them in constant circulation among

the members. In this way many who can not purchase will get the

benefit of the books free. For the convenience of those who wish to

read the course the selections are here given:

For Senior Members:

Season of 1906-7—"John Halifax,""Rasselas."

Season of 1907-8—"Secret of Achievement,""Great Truths,""The

Strength of Being Clean,""Silas Marner."

Season of 1908-9—"A Tale of Two Cities,""Hypatia."

Season of 190910—"Ancient America,""Courage,""The Crisis,"

"Our Inland Sea."

Season 191011—Brewer's "Citizenship,"Emerson's Essays,

"Friendship, Prudence, Heroism;""Lorna Doone,""Captain Bonneville."

Season of 191112—"Dry Farming,""Cities of the Sun,""John

Marvel Assistant,""Young Man and the World."

For Junior Members:

Season of 1906-7—"True to His Home."

Season of 1907-8—"Tom Brown's School Days,""Wild Animals I

Have Known."

Season of 1908-9—"The Last of the Mohicans,""Cortez."

Season of 190910—Hapgood's "Life of Lincoln,""John Stevens'

Courtship,""The Castle Builder."

Season of 191011—"Bishop's Shadow,""Timothy Titcomb's Letters,""Widow O'Callighan's Boys."

Season 191112—"Good Hunting,""The Young Forester,""Boy

Wanted,""Alfred the Great."

Books of Reference:

"History of the Church."Five vols, ready now, 6th vol. in preparation.

"The Book of Good Manners,"Mrs. Burton Kingsland.

Send orders to the Improvement Era, 2022 Bishop's Building,

Salt Lake City, Utah, or to the book stores advertised in this Manual.

Reading Courses for 191112 Y. M. M. I. A. 3. The Calling of Dan MatBell 1.50 Wright thews—Harold SENIORS: FOR THE 4. is Love there 1. God is Dry Farming-—Widtsoe Tolstoi.35 2. Cities of WhereAlso—Count the Sun—Elizabeth $1.50 5. Freckles Stratton—Gene R. Cannon 35 Porter.65 3. Marvel John Assistant—Page 1.50 6. 4. Happy island—The New YoungMan and the World

Beveridge William—Jenette Net 1.50 7. UncleAnne of JOINT Green Gables—L.LeeM. 1.00 BOOK OF REFERENCE: Montgomery Book of Good Manners—-KingsKeeping Up with Lizzie 1.50 land Net $1.50 8. Irving Bacheller (postage JUNIORS: FOR THE 8c) Net 1.00 1. Good...$1.00 9. Hunting—Roosevelt Cities of The the

2. Sun—ElizYoung 1.25 The R. abeth Forester—Gray.. Cannon.35 3. Bov 1.25 Wanted Waterman.... 10. Indifference of

4. Juliet—Grace Alfred the 50 S. Great—Abbott Richmond KEFERENCE BOOK:.65

History of the Church, 6 volENTERTAINMENTS umes, per volume $1.50 Dame Curtsey's Book of Novel

Y. L. M. I. A. Entertainmentsin the Year (Postagefor Every10c) DayNet? 1.00 1. The Open Shutters—Clara Dame Curtsey's Book of GuessLouise Burnham $.65 ing Contests (Postage 6c) Net.50

2. The Land of the Blue FlowGymnastic Games Classified—E. er—Francis Hodgson Bur- H. Arnold (Postage 10c) Net..85

nett Net (Postage 10c.) Special Discounts to Associations.

DESERET NEWS BOOK STORE 6 Main Street THE LEADING BOOK CONCERN Salt Lake City, Utah

Remember That besides being the first newspaper publishers in this intermountain region we also have The Oldest Job Printing Plant and are always ready to handle the largest or smallest order in the quickest possible time

The Deseret JVews Department of Job Printing

RETURNED MISSIONARIES

to your Send the DESERET NEWS absent friends. We give a half

rate in all such cases.

To Aid the Missionary Cause OFFICERS DIRECTORS M "S "B*wning C. W. NIBLEY, President DaVID EcCLES

Hyrum M. Smith Joseph Howell

DAVID C. ECCLES, VicePrest. uH. H. Spencerc c L. T i>R. r>Eccles

HENRY H. ROLAPP, Secy. &Treas. Adam PatterSon

General Office Factory

-OGDEN, UTAH LEWISTON, UTAH

HEBER J. GRANT, GEO. ROMNEY, H. G. WHITNEY,

President VicePresident Secretary

INSURE WITH THE

Fire Insurance Co,Home of Utah

The only Fire Insurance Company in the intermountain region. Honest losses

adjusted and paid promptly. Unquestioned protection.

J.HEBER GRANT & CO., General Agents

ANTHON H. LUND, CHARLES W. PENROSE, JOSEPH F. SMITH, Jr.

President ricePresident Sec'y and Treas.

JOSEPH CHRISTENSON, Librarian

The Genealogical Society of Utah 60 E. South Temple Street Salt Lake City

Every member of the Church should join the

Genealogical Society of Utah and aid in the

Salvation of the dead.

Annual membership $2 the first year and $1 each thereafter.

Life Membership $10

The Utah Genealogical and Historical Magazine

Published quarterly, $1.50 per annum. We desire your membership and subscription.

THE DESERET GYMNASIUMIs one of the largest and best equipped in the country. Membership

Privileges -Use of gymnasium private exercise rooms, hand ball court, tennis courts, swimming pool, bowling alleys, barber shop, medical gymnastics and Turkish baths. Class and Individual Instruction by competent

teachers for Men, Women, Boys and Girls.

For detailed information write or telephone B. S. HINCKLEY, General Secretary, Salt Lake City, Utah

i Hvrt isers.

The Dr. W, H, Groves Latterday Saints Hospital

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Under the direction and control of the Presiding Bishopric.

Every facility and convenience of the most modern institutions, including Maternity, HydroTherapy, X-Ray and Laboratory. Terms moderate.

Connected with the Hospital is a splendid TRAINING SCHOOL.

Under the supervision of a Superintendent of Nurses, with staff of efficient instructors, demonstrators and lecturers. A threeyear course is given,

during which the nurses in training are allowed $7.50 per month with

board, lodging, and laundry, free. The nurses reside at the beautiful

Nurse's Home on the hospital block.

Further details of the Training School will be cheerfully given upon application to the Superintendent of Nurses, L. D. S. Hospital, Salt Lake City, Utah.

To Get Knowledge of a thing one must first get information about it.

The Information must be circulated about goods that companies and hrm s sell, make or provide. The people who buy and consume must in some way learn

about the products. Everything must be advertised in some way.

Effective Mediums to circulate the information are the M. I. A. MANUAL

and the IMPROVEMENT ERA. They reach the great mass of distributers and

consumers—thrifty, active, upto-date people in the intermountain region.

Call 919 Both Phones, or write, and our man will show you.

2022 BISHOP'S BUILDING, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH WE ARE PLEASED TO CORRESPOND WITH CLUBS AND AT.H-

LETIC ASSOCIATIONS REGARDING THEIR REQUIREMENTS. WE ARE THE LARGEST EXCLUSIVE SPORTING

GOODS DEALERS IN THE UNITED STATES, AND THAT POSITION IMPLIES OUALITY AND INTEGRITY. COLT AUTOMATIC PISTOL

32 Caliber r> ogden, [One of Browning's Patents] rownmg Bros \js. utah Bn

WE PAY 6% PER ANNUM INTEREST ON DEPOSITS

Commercial Savings Benefit Co.

201 Constitution Building, Salt Lake City.Utah

D. J. WILLIAMS, Manager

ELECTRIC

Conferenceand BLOCK Utah State Fair SIGNAL Salt Lake City, October 2nd to 8th PROTECTION

When You Travel Low Excursion EAST Rates City VIA Ticket

Office Hotel VIAm Utah

Oct. 5th, PRESIDENTS DAY "The Overland Route"

Four trains daily over one of the best ballasted tracks in the country in the most comfortable cars

See your Local Tlgent money and care can provide.

for Particulars This assures -

TRAVEL COMFORT 1 1 1 1 Koffeet

JTT Is a drink for careful, thoughtful people. It

j! has a delicious, satisfying flavor, but at the

same time it has the food elements a person needs for perfect health. People who use Koffeet

regularly are not nervous and irritable. Try it

for yourself.

"It Builds You Up"25c A PACKAGE ALL GROCERS

Salt Lake GityMULLENHOTEL, Under New Management

THE CULLEN HOTEL offers exceptional advantages to the tourist and traveler, also to families who desire a hotel home with every convenience. The courteous service and moderate prices will appeal to those in

quest of comfort and luxury.

RATES One Person $1.00 per Day and Up

Two Persons $1.50 per Day and Up

With Private Bath, One Person $1.50 and Up

With Private Bath, Two Persons $2.00 and Up

Management of W. D. Ahern

Our New Qafe Popular prices Excellent service 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i i 1 1 1 1 in i ii ii ii 1 1 1 ii ii i

;ii EVERYTHING THE FARH FOR Overland Automobiles. Velie and Exclusive Agents for Franklin,

:ONOLIDATLD WwON & MAChlNE CO

G3fMriiGttf Amvr 'M5M.IMLNT VT.f l.IJOfX H AHIU'aPT, AND

A I.!!f>M<":! i f>i: aifrs

Utah, Idaho, Wyoming & Nevada GEO. T. ODELL, General Manager