/MmpFdncmcnfCra

Hi

1 -* W

MAY, VDtUME. 46; NUMBER 5

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED LAKE C U T AH sJoWi/ d* couldrit ceme Aceneb

If the service rendered by your gas company is normal requirements, but also provide gas servnot as prompt and efficient as you have learned ice for hundreds of new families; and, more

to expect, we know we can count on your under'important, for military bases and Utah's boomstanding of these facts: ing war industries. You can help... by

Many men have left our plants and offices"to taking extra care of your appliances; avoiding

unnecessary service calls; and making sure noanswer their country's call. New workers must

gas is wasted in your home. - With your conbe trained. Materials are scarce. Truck miletinued friendly cooperation, we will carry on!

age is rationed, and often it is necessary to "pool"service calls in the same neighborhood. Those MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

who remain to serve you must not only meet Sales Offices in Salt Lake City, Ogden and Provo

IN WAR AND PEACESERVING TWENTYTHREE UTAH COMMUNITIES I PUP-

.:*

-V- Nourishment for ExUa Flavor Extra Order

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

HPen of every 27 Americans have blue

A eyes. those j milk for of and anniversary four hundredthT'he sn Copernicus of Nicholas the death Five betv/eenmeai\L\ snacks* 1943. 24,occurs The great on MayPolish astronomer revolutionized and HONEY BEE

simplified man's outlook upon the uniGRAHAMS verse with the hypothesis that the with a glass of fresh earth and the other planets rotate milk actually around the sun, instead of the sun andthe planets around the earth. (mu DOUBLE the

4 nutritive value T Tntil the sixteenth century one of of milk!

** the standard methods used in mining was the heating of rocks, then cooling suddenly with water so that the WRAPPED IN SPARKLING CELLOPHANE!

rock cracked into pieces.

4 Clip and Send Today PurityPleaseBiscuitsendCo.,mySalt FREELake copy of "Cartoon

IITost cases of lead poisoning in cattle Cookery."

are due to their licking and swalfor Name lowing lead paint. Cattle are more senAddress...:

sitive to lead than any other domestic Free Recipe Book C'tv State animal.

An atmosphere of luminous hydro- ** gen gas is streaming out at a speed of 1,200,000 miles an hour from a faint star in the constellation of Auriga, the

Charioteer, according to Dr. Paul W.

Merrill. \

Tf linear compression is applied to a block of ice, a cracking sound is made at about half the pressure required to crush it; the ice then stiffens appreciably.

Tf the same water remained in the Irish channel a full year, the increase in the temperature would be a fifth of a degree Centigrade due to changing part of the energy of the tides into heat BISUIPHW* through friction of the water movingover itself. CMtBOH

4!"TThough the greatest wave heights * of these ***—observed in most oceans are about MX

twelve yards, in 1922 the officers of the S. S. Majestic reported an average FON6USheight than yards twenty and of more BOOT *-U T2 in as high as thirty wavessome yards

a storm in the North Atlantic.

"Courteen new metals have been brought into commercial use in the past two or three decades. aWrecl oi9T> without

Culfathiozole when made into an *"* ointment and applied to the skin to in theseems treatment be effective WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER, 636 California St., San Francisco

acne, infected impetigo,of eczema, and boils. {Concluded on page 260) Distributors—Wasatch Chemical Co., Salt Lake City and Branches

71mprooemtntEra

Grant, J. Heber

Widtsoe, A.MAY, 19'The Glory4 of3God is Intelligence"John

Richard L. Evans,

VTHE VOICE OF THE CHURCH'Managing Editor

Marba C. Josephson,

Editor AssociateOFFICIAL ORGAN PRIESTHOOD OF THE QUORUMS,

Morris, George Mgr. General Q. ASSOCIATIONS,MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT DEPARTAssociate Cannon, G. Lucy Mgr. EDUCATION, OFMENT MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

Orton, Business Mgr. J. K.TEACHERS, AGENCIES AND OTHER OF THE CHURCH

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS.

JPul fijctit&iL fiagsL—Photograph by Jeano Orlando

Thanksgiving and Blessing Heber J. Grant 267

(Do ynuLJtiww—

Conference Addresses See Opposite Page How plant cuttings may be rooted

In These Times J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 268 without sand, peat, soil or other

Nobility of Character Essential To a Great Nation solid material? 260

of preCoIumbus evidence 270 Where David O. McKay

irrigation 264 has been found? Reconciliations: Testiand Evidences a May LXVX—How the is doing Church for men What the Truth of the Gospel Be Obtained? mony of service? in the 268

John A. Widtsoe 289 What may be branded as our

The Church Moves On 286 Executives 302 nationwide nuisance number

Priesthood: Melchizedek 296 Cultural Arts 302 one? 270

Interest Special 302 299 Aaronic part of Eliza R. Snow's three Where 302 Gleaners Teaching 300 Ward piofinds the diary Mormon 302 Explorers for Church Music: Forum Muneers? 272 sicians, Schreiner..301 303 Basketball Alexander Men M

Bator the not Mormon 301 304 Whether 278, Juniors Genealogy

NoLiquor-Tobacco 276 Scouts 304 talion ever engaged in actual

Mutual Messages: BeeHive Girls 304 combat? 280

Deseret Theatre 262 How Welfare facilities will be used to assist in home canning? 287

Sp&riaL Ji&jaiuMA. What some national personalities

Pioneer Diary of Eliza R. Snow, Part III 272 havecrisis?to.say... about America's food 290

Sam Brannan and the Mormons in Early California, Part VIII

M Men Basketball Tournament PaulLes GoatesBailey 302280 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL Exploring the Universe, FrankBible Quiz—Mothers 266 OFFICES:

lin S. Harris, Jr 257 Forest Trees for Farm Planting..282 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Telefacts 260 On the Book Rack 284

Inc., a CorFunds, 1943 Mutual by Copyright Get Out of Debt 290 Homing Champion of Faith, New A Improvethe poration of Men's Mutual Young 290 261 For Gardeners: Archer Willey Christ of Jesus Church the ment Association of

Science and Gospel Ideals, Dr. America's Food Crisis 290 of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription..... price, $2.00 a year, in advance: 20c 290 Hints 261 Handy A. Widtsoe John

single copy. B. Corner, Josephine Cooks'Deseret Theatre, Edwin H. The

Lauber 262 Nichols 291 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, for matter. Acceptance secondclass as Utah, 309 to Advertisers Irrigation in the Index PreColumbus

of postage special rate provided at mailing 320 and Ours E. Dibble.,264 Your Page Southwest, Charles 1917. of October, in for section 1103, Act

The Religious Attitudes of authorized July 2, 1918.

Noted Men, Leon M. Strong..266 The Improvement Era is not responsible

for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

To the Mothers of the Race Richard L. Evans 288 by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Mother's Day, 1943 Marba C. Josephson 288 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

REPRESENTATIVES Salt Lake City: Francis M. Mayo

S. Townsend Edward San Francisco: 283 Robinson Dorothy C. In Time Gathered Bolle and Chicago: Dougan Rain, Heaven's Knox Mun265 Like Frontispiece Bolle and York: Dougan New 305 son Look, Weston Upward The

Nordgren - 277 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle 318 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

Poetry Page 285 CIRCULATIONS JhsL QovsJc this mothers those among them are there valleys peaceful'who wait May—young IN there day of leaving please never be a for homes A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY God, may children whom, and

for die struggle of man against man. This cover photograph is from H. Armstrong MEMBER OF THE FAMILY Roberts.

9nd&c io.

GENERAL CONFERENCE ADDRESSES ONSERVE your car, tires and gasoline Note: Conformity with regulations limit- c

ing use of paper during the war emergency makes it impossible for this issue of "The to carry an additional Era"Improvement for essential war work transportation.

as condid the enlarged of pagesnumber ference editions of last May and November, to accommodate the entire conference proceedings in one issue. Proceedings and

addresses of the Sunday sessions, as well as President Clark's address on Monday evening, in addition to the annual reports, issue; remainin thishave been included TO CHURCH in WALK will appearing conference addresses

following issues.

Ashton, Marvin O 308 When your car needs lubrication or any

Authorities of the Church Sustained,

Ward and Branch Changes, and Deaths: 279

is the"Blessed Nation Whose God is other service to keep it in fighting trim, drive

Fielding Smith274 the Lord,"Joseph

Church of the Air Broadcast 263, 274

Church Auditor's Report and Financial

Statement 1942 282 in at this familiar sign of service.

Clark, J. Reuben, Jr., In These Times 268

Clawson, Rudger, A Great Work 276

Evans, Richard L 263, 309 Great Work, A, Rudger Clawson 276

Grant, Heber J., Thanksgiving and

Blessing 267 In These Times, J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 268

McKay, David O., Nobility of Character

Essential to a Great Nation 270

Missionaries of the Stakes of Zion,

Levi Edgar Young 277 Nobility of Character Essential to a

Great Nation, David O. McKay 270

Romney, Marion G. 306

Smith, Joseph Fielding, "Blessed is the

Nation Whose God is the Lord"274

Smith, Nicholas G 310 Sonne, Alma - 310 Tabernacle Choir and Organ Broad- k*** cast 263 CAR CONSERVATION HEADQUARTERS

Thanksgiving and Blessing, Heber J.

Grant 267 "Thy Speech Bewrayeth Thee"263 Utah Oil Refining Company Stations

Way of Salvation, The, John A. Widtsoe 278 and Dealers in Its Products

Widtsoe, John A., The Way of Salvation 278 CARE FOR YOUR CARFOR YOUR COUNTRY Levi Edgar, Missionaries of the Young,

Stakes of Zion 277

i raw H% it was

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

EVERY HOME SHOULD HAVE TEiEFACT r GOSPEL STANDARDS.LEATHER GOES TO WAR HEBER J. GRANT by PRES. Now in its seventh edition &3

Order from CO. THE BOOKCRAFT

63 Salt Lake City, P. O. Box Utah WAR.USE CIVILIANiUSEm

tJU L* frj %h %h M %h %b M Memo to 1941 WideAwake Girls: <H|y*iiftiiiiiii*v* 0 r* 'r* (f*

Each symbol represents 10 per cent of production in each year

Pictograph Corporation Are You Aware

that the men Yun9 on the A new method permits the rooting of receiving front fighting are * peat, sand, cuttings plant without Universe the Exploring trainthrough education an Geraniums, soil, solid material. other or firstand a ing and travel, 257) page (Concluded from ornachrysanthemums, and other ivy, practo hand introduction roots developed normal have mentals be reduced blood pressure "JUTigh may in tically every culture the cut three suspending the A in weeks by tyrowith an enzyme * by treatment world? spein the moist of atmosphere a stems if sinase extracted from mushrooms

that their program includes preliminary work is confirmed by furcially constructed box at the New Jertraining in the ideals of ther experiments. sey Agricultural Experiment Station.

essentially consists of a water box The 4 appreand democracy an strips cloth absorbent of with trough for goals the of ciation film impregcan be made by high, of the shelves humidity keep to A sound fighting? they're which diazo lath, nating tape cellophane with builders'sheet with rubber a and

that they expect us at home compounds. On the tape as much as holes the size of the cuttings. Two

to use every opportunity to an hour of music can be played without glass sides, one of them sliding, permit is its track sound observation Because roots of the and can be in step with them in stopping. keep

air the there in base circulation. is no to permit embedded opened of this era change?

this in scratching recording new

The Brigham Young Universystem. p\R. Frederick Hoelzel in the examsity provides opportunities 4 ination of the skulls of dead baldfor with association eyelids they one found that headed all had had Russian pilot whose men stu- A dents and from many states in the thing growth bony common: of artiscorched, had a pair been

nations. Its curriculum is ficial eyelids given him through a comhad partially or completely closed the

rich in the Arts, Social plex skin grafting operation by Professpaces through which the blood vessels

Sciences, and in practical sor V. Strakhov. pass out to the scalp, hindering the

domestic and business blood circulation of the scalp. Hence,

training that will enable men are more likely to be bald than you to catch and hold the lass fibers have about the same tenwomen because their bone growth or spirit of tomorrow. sile strength as piano wire. calcification is greater.

Four Quarters Annually Summer Quarter begins June 14 TELEFACT

ARMY'S SHARE OF OUR FROZEN FOODS

For information address the President iir.Mli PRODUCTION

Brigham Young University ARMED FORCES IwlOTHER USES

Provo, Utah

STRING BEANS

CORN 4.. WE OITER

A COMPLETE SPINACH ENGRAVING SERVICE From Missionary Portraits to the Largest

Catalogues }lgt Given Prompt Attention PEAS Mail Orders

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. Each symbol represents 10 per cent of production

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah Pictograph Corporation

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

A New Champion of Faith By Archer Willey 4(TTThat miracles can be accomplished v "when men work together,"says

Henry J. Kaiser, the man who in the hour

of his country's need has become a symbol of the will that gets things done.

"We are learning to pool our human and our spiritual resources.... All

things are possible to men of courage and faith."Mr. Kaiser's works bear

out that statement.

About a postwar world he says, "The very day that peace is declared,

America can enter on the period of her most promising prosperity; her greatest

agricultural and industrial expansion;

her greatest individual and social opportunity, and last but not least, her greatest chance to become the hope of the nations of the world."Prescription for Morale: This Doer is building something bigger than planes, ships, dams, and

bridges. He is raising the ensign of a Think of Your Victory Motor Trip!

workable faith, sounding a clarion call to the courageous. "What we need

now is not baptism by fire, but a bapIt's a blessed relief just to putter plate your engine is the change to tism of faith and confidence from which around fixing up the trailer more effiConoco N*h motor oil. Patented N"

will spring a morale to carry us beyond cientlike... and sort of pipedreaming oil seemingly "magnetizes"oilvictory into the years of great fruition."where you're going. But will you need plating to metal—much longer than

His faith, by his works, challenges a new car? All reports say it will be just temporarily.

us to seize the torch and hold it high a long time after Peace before you can This steadfast oilplating, joined hope to get one. ready Be to go—inin the skylanes of tomorrow's world. direct to inner engine surfaces without

car.. present your.and why can't you? all draining to the crankcase down

Since rationing began you've probwhile standing, is your shield against

Science and Gospel youably ever"saved"mademoreon yourcarmileagegrandest tour.than acid.scarce—letNow alonewhennewevencars—you'llnew parts castare

Ideals Afterup"milesVictoryto use,you'llespeciallyhave thoseifyou"storeddon't offfuturea bigby worryhavingforyourthe presentengine oiland

HFhe Westinghouse Electric and allow present restrictions to cause plated. Just change to N oil—at

A Manufacturing Company has, fiacid-damage. Vicious acids are formed Your Mileage Merchant's Conoco

nanced for two years a search for sciby normal combustion in any engine. station. Continental Oil Company

ence talent among high school students When it stops it's an acid trap. It

of the United States. Forty young used to get rid of acids fairly well by

men and women were winners of the warming up on long fast runs. But

second annual search. These will all now it often "just sits"with those

receive scholarships with which to conacids inside, and what can you do?

tinue their studies.

In the gathering of this group Dr. You can have your engine oilEdwin G. Conklin, president of the plated internally to combat acid corAmerican Philosophical Society and of rosion... much as outer parts are

Science Service, made a very interestchromium-plated to combat water's ing address. Among his statements corrosive effect. All it takes to oilare the following:

Nothing concerns man so much as understanding life—his own life and that of animals and plants. The great lesson of evolution is not that are descended from we

are (which fact A Special Remembrance for MOTHER'S DAY not),monkeys but the we that all life, that of plants, animals, andmen, is fundamentally alike.... IN THE GDSPEL NET

He quotes Louis Pasteur: by DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

Blessed is he who carries within himAn appreciative son tells the epic story of his mother it ideal, a God, and an obeys who ways—in many the story of all mothers—the appreideal ideal of art, of the of science,—idealself of all 1 ciation sons.

virtues; of thereingospel lie the springs

great thoughts and great actions; they all $1.25 Illustrated

reflect light from the Infinite.

to hear such It is good words from THE Main St. IMPROVEMENT Salt ERALake City, Utah in scientific investigationa leader and 50 North

in human A. W. thought.—/.

JhsL CbsMhSiL JJwaJbdL—THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943—

By EDWIN H. LAUBER

its in beginning the for the fall of stage to use show, and what Since

Interstake of under 1940 to finance production. the name each money The

Drama Organization, the Deseret treasury at first usually showed a grand

Theatredowns—butgroupit continueshas had toits carryups andon, totalbeen forof nothing.John Fetzer,Indeed,Jr., nowif ita hadlieutennot

Many oi the wartime dollars you invest at DESERET FEDERAL are used to finance dwellings for defense workers, thus doing double duty.... providing

homes for them today... insuring security for

you tomorrow. As little

as $1 will open your account... by mail or

in person. Federally

Insured to $5000.

Highest Current

Dividend Rate on Savings

DESERET

FEDERAL SowUt&fcmd Conn,

44 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah

ABOVE: STANLEY RUSSON, PRESIDENT; JOHN

stronger than ever. Organized to give FETZER, FORMER PRESIDENT OF DESERET

dramatic talent an opportunity in comTHEATRE plete drama production, the group was BELOW:BY THE TWODESERETSCENESTHEATRE—UPPER,FROM PLAYS PRODUCED"ROOM

first headed by John Fetzer, Jr., Bea SERVICE,"AND LOWER, "THE BARRETTS"

Turner, and Arthur Christean as its

first its enthusiasts of were progressed not beyond have these show work sucfor the future responsible largely Brutus. wellreceived the showing, Dear LOS.-*t.K.'''nntriliierANGELES'FOREMOST unrnHOTEL presidency. The unstinted energy and ant in the LI. S. Army, the group might

little Serving theatre group. of the the cess a venture aid gave His financial ALEXANDRIA succeeded seasons, for footing mainthey were been has which two good

tt.60S2S0 DOUBLESINGLE Stanley group, presiding since present been the has tained, group and the OAftHQE by RATES. FROMFROMn H OOWNTOWH

Russon, Donald B. Alder, lone Duncan, able to stay aboveboard.

Recognized Utah Headquarters in and Edwin H. Lauber. Production problems have been met

Los Angeles CLAYTON V. SMITH, Managing Director Problems that have beset the organiand to a degree solved. The M.I.A.

Formerly of Salt Lake City zation from the start are where to build general board, always helpful to the scenery, where to practice, where to {Concluded on page 301)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

Jab&wadtL QPidVl and. Ohqmc AN APPRECIATED GIFT

H BOOK BROADCAST Soldier For the from home away the to period 10:30 from

the For MissionaryDuring a.m., 11:00 the regular Sunday the For Friend Speech Bewrayeth Thee"* morning of "Thy broadcast nationwide For Father Mother and

choral brief and organ music and GOSPEL STANDARDS is L. Richard prevaEvans: There a $2.25 J. Grant By spoken presented part as comment was lent practice us THIS among which would ALWAYS HeberDAY—AND we of the general conference proceedings. L. 1.50 Richard By Evans like to ignore, but perhaps, which should IN GOSPEL THE NET This will program, complete which

1.25 Dr. into its be A. brought John the By Widtsoe open, freely and fourteenth of year continuous nationTEACHINGS THE PROPHET OF upon. commented reference have We 2.00 SMITH JOSEPH broadcasting inwide this of year, July

all the use SIGNS THE of TIMES OF of offensive manner presentedwas the choir Tabernacle by 1.25 Fielding Joseph By especially that more to IN RECREATION tolanguage—but THE HOMESmith organ,and broadcast the through and

L. D. Auxiliaries 25 By language profanes which of the name facilitiescourtesy and the of Columbia S.HILLS THE UNTO Deity. There a the utday was when L. Richard 1.50 By Evans Broadcasting System's coastto-coast

tering of strong violent oaths and andnetwork, the throughout States. United

.. Order the now of use profanity associated were broadcast, writtenThe announced and

with low or other somehow places—but Elderby L. originated Richard Evans, THE CO. B00KCRAFT

it seems to overrun have confines the with P. radio 63 City, O. Box station KSL, Salt Lake

of street, the until back hear one may presented follows:and as was Salt City, Lake Utah it sometimes in the most unexpected Please the send Books checked above. places the and from most TABERNACLE unexpected BROADCAST C. O. D. Send

Sunday, April 4, 1943 people. Frequently those who use it 5- Check or money order enclosed.

are careless; merely are some: selfNAME into choir organ and (The broke "Gently consciously blase; others defiantly are singing line,Raise"to of words end second ADDRESS offensive; this and sometimes manner point from choir for which hummed receive Your orders will immediate

is an-, of language heard those from attention. whonouncer's to verse.) of background end

Richard L. Evans: As another week of really want to give strength to what

life begins for all men, we beckon your they are saying and use this mistaken thoughts again unto the hills, according to means of doing it. But whenever a

the custom of many years. Each week at man feels called upon to use profanity

this hour Columbia presents the music of in order to emphasize his words, one the choir Tabernacle organ from and Temrather suspects that lacks he somehow ple in Salt is City. Square the This Lake conviction, that lacking are his words

tranationwide this716th of performance ditional broadcast from the Crossroads of an inherent sincerity, which lack he is the West. trying to cover up by the use of an

The Tabernacle choir is conducted by J. overdose of bad language—like trying to

Spencer Cornwall. Alexander Schreiner is kill a bad flavor with heavy seasoning.

at the organ. The spoken word by Richard The free use of profanity and oaths,

Evans. aside from its religious and moral asset- begin with Evans: musical a We pects, does perhaps to more weakenting is text the for Arkangelsky, which by our language practice. than other any thefrom of Psalms David. sup- "Hear my

English tool is a tongue powerful The Iplication, of the pray. Lord, Out O

if it will a only simple use with man Idepths cry unto Thee."

(Choir sang "Hear My Supplication"directness and not attempt to blast his

Arkangelsky) way through it with obscene or irrevEvans: We turn now to the writings of erent or profane speech. But if he

the of voice the as TabernacleSchumann virtually accompanies everything he recalls inorgan the Major.""Sketch C says with an has then disoath, he presented in C. Major""Sketch (Organ

his sipated of strength expression, and—Schumann) really to he impress somewants Evans: From Temple Square we hear when

now the words of a nineteenth century one with the gravity or importance of hymn by Parley P. Pratt—an expression of an utterance, he has no adequate verbal

a fervent yearning, increasingly felt by all ammunition left. And while it maythe world—"Come O Thou King of Kings, seem paradoxical to say so, it is even

for waited longwe've that possible run could an be army sang (Choir King "Come Thou Thee."O it profanity. of without seem Nor would Cornwall) byKings"—Pratt—arranged diconsistent that for should pray we pattern takes musical Evans: A colorful

shape now, as the Tabernacle organ moves vine favor, for deliverance, for the into the vigorous phrases of the "Finale preservation of the lives of ourselves from the First Sonata"by Becker. and our young men, for the victory of

(Organ presented "Finale"—Becker) our cause, and for peace, and then go

Evans: We turn now to "The Elijah"about profaning the name of that God

the unforgettable to hear Mendelssohnby these for supplicated have we whom its that of text chorus takes a frommessage things. shalt the take not name "Thou theIsaiah aloud, spare Psalms: and "Cry

in for vain; the thy of the Lord God lift likenot, trumpet, thy voice a and up

shew my people their transgressions.... Lord will not hold him guiltless that

And then shall thy light break forth as taketh His name in vain.""Our Father

the light of morning breaketh.... And which art in heaven, hallowed be thy

thy righteousness shall go before thee.... name."Would that all men would

Then shalt thou call, and the Lord shall cease this thoughtless and offensive answer."(Choir sang "And Then Shall Your practice. {Concluded on page 314) NEIGHBORHOOD STORE

Light''—"Eli j ah"—Mendelssohn * Matthew 26:73

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

PRECOLUMBUS IRRIGATION GOT YOU? in, Uul SoidfuvMt

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE

Thelife storyin ofthethearidAmericansouthwesternIndian's

United States, the story of his struggle with nature to gain his food, was illustrated by Dr. Emil Haury,

anthropologist of the University of

Arizona, when, with coworkers, he located an early irrigation canal in Papago Indian country.

Irrigation, a practice which enabled the Indians to rely on agriculture, was an important step in their cultural progress. It enabled them to become a

sedentary people, to live together in larger groups, plan their labors, and

Everybody knows that weather exZONOLITE may be used in conto use free hours to develop and imtremes—either too hot, or too cold crete or plaster, or as a pouredin prove their arts and industries.

—cut down livestock profits. In insulation. You can apply it yourFrom the air, Dr. Haury recently

its all in forms, self. dairy ZONOLITE, temperatures even moderate, vegegreen line of thin long a sighted

fire, insects and is against proof lay more; hens more; produce herds the Papago across stretching tation

it's min100% rodents—because thrive faster fatten swine—all Baboquivari the near desert Indian

eral. better.

it tenidentified as a and Mountains DEALER. the.. LUMBER ASK with YOUR ZONOLITE, Now canal. irrigation The preColumbus mile Sheets. Free Guide us for write or insulation of farm miracle modern

... you can actually "weather conGet those extra profits and comcanal was originally five feet deep and

dition"your service buildings or forts from ZONOLITE farm and eight feet wide. The Indians conyour home—and for a surprisingly home insulation... without structed the ditch to gather the runoff

small investment. another month's delay. from the Baboquivari Mountains and

carry it ten miles to the flat desert

UNIVERSAL CO. ZONOLITE INSULATION of silt and fill into the lands. Digging

Salle, 111., S. Chicago, 135 Dept. La IE-5 discanal, workmen Dr. Haury's free Send your booklet "The me Modern Miracle of the

Insulation."for Sheets Also Guide send me free discarded pottery by broken the covered

subjects below. checked

studied builders. original Dr. Haury 1 the

I l \Dairy InIn- InHome

I I Swine\sulation sulation potit with pottery the and correlated \Poultry\lnsulation\—\sulation

Name tery from archaeological sites dated by

Address Box a treering method developed by Dr.

Place State Douglass, a colleague of Dr. Haury at

the University of Arizona. It was concluded that the canal was constructed

and used by the Indians during the fourteenth century.

Archaeologists have revealed that

Ljospel Stavidards... intricatesouthwestirrigationin preColumbussystemstimes.dottedIn thethe

NOW IN ITS SEVENTH EDITION dredSalt Riverfifty squareValley,milesArizona,of deserttwo hunland system. an irrigation by was reclaimed The life and times and enduring testimony of a network possessed Gila Valley The

President Heber J. Grant of canals.

These irrigation networks were constructed by the Indians without beasts

An IMPROVEMENT ERA Publication stoneof burdenand woodenand onlyimplements.with the aidTheof

50 North Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah planning, digging, and maintaining of

the canals imply a people with vision, 384 pages Handsomely Bound $2.25 able leadership, and a complex social

structure.

LUCY MACK SMITH, MOTHER OF THE PROPHET

The original of this photograph is a colored drawing in the possession of Mrs. Clara Hendel

of Colchester, Illinois, Lucy Mack Smith's only living granddaughter, now eightyone years of age. The drawing was passed on

to Mrs. Hendel by her mother,

Lucy Smith Miliken, sister of the

Prophet.

Before discovery of the drawing last December by Elder George

Albert Smith of the Council of the Twelve and Preston Nibley on a visit to Mrs. Hendel, the

only likeness of the Prophet's mother known to the Church had been an artist's conception.

Lucy Mack Smith was the mother of six sons and three daughters reared under the trying circumstances of life on the frontier. From the beginning she

had an abiding faith in the work of her prophetson, and in the days of persecution and misunderstanding stood unfailingly by him.

With the Church, she moved in successive stages westward to Nauvoo, where she bore the grief of Joseph and Hyrum's martyrdom. She died at Nauvoo in 1S55,

in her seventyninth year, known to all as "Mother Lucy,"honored and respected by the Church she had given so much to establish.

OFTEN HAVE YOUR PRAYERS HrOW BEEN THE MEANS OF ASSISTING US

WHEN THE SHADOWS OF DEATH ENCOMPASSED US."

-JOSEPH SMITH

JhjL RELIGIOUS ATTITUDES OF NOTED MEN By Leon M. Strong

of convictions to the religious AS the present Jackson, Andrew writer is not informed, but Jackson seemed acquainted with his Bible.

When South Carolina was bidding defiance to the Union in 183233, "The president (Jackson) swore with customary emphasis that the Union should be preserved, and that he would hang 'as high as Haman'any and every dared to raise his hand one who it."1 against

Daniel Webster showed a sincere religious attitude in his famous reply to

Senator Hayne of South Carolina. Said

J Webster While the Union lasts, we have high, exciting, gratifying prospects spread out before us for us and our children. Beyond

that I seek not to penetrate the Veil. God

grant that, in my day at least, that curtain may not rise. God grant that on my vision

never may be opened what lies behind! When

my eyes shall be turned to behold for the White ClearThtough! last time the sun in heaven, may I not see

him shining on the broken and dishonored fragments of a once glorious union, on states belligerent; discordant, a land dissevered, on sifted sunlight, Pale sheer through white be, drenched, it with civic rent may feuds;2 or

fraternal in blood. filling curtains... with gold powdered your home

Voltaire, who with consummate skill banishing winter's warmedup mustiness... of logic and rhetoric flaunted the exSpringtime!... Curtain time... and more than ever, ageistenceto ofhis God,estatecreptandbackbuiltin therehis olda

FelsNaptha time. Because these fine fabrics must be washed church dedicated to the Unknown God.*

clear through. Ellis'vol. History, gently—yet so thoroughly they're white

to 2Webster's Reply 3,Haynep. 744

Trust FelsNaptha's gentle naptha and golden soap for 1935,3Dr. p.John287A. Widtsoe, The Improvement Era, May

this. Rich, active suds literally soak the dirt away. Make

rubbing just a gesture.

You need plenty of FelsNaptha Soap right now. BIBLE QUIZMOTHERS

Because it puts an extra sparkle in Spring 1. Who is described as "the mother of

House Cleaning. And because this fine, all 2.living"?Who had the promise that she was to

allpurpose soap is now on the list be "the mother of nations"?

marked, 'Mustn't Waste'. falsely3. Whatobtainmothera birthright?helped her second son

4. Who carried a little coat to her son

every year?

5. What city is described as "the mother

of us all"?

6. Who described herself as "a mother

in Israel"?

7. What mother told her two widowed

daughtersin-law to return to their mother's house? What was the result?

8. What mother looked out of a window

and cried for the return of her son from battle? 9. What miracle was performed to enable a widow to pay her debts?

10. Ezekiel said: "As is the mother, so

is the daughter."What was he describing?

(Answers will be found on page 291)

HfffM Jhjomk&qivijnq.

anxL &1mam

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

Presented at the first session of the 113th

Annual Conference held in the Salt Lake

Tabernacle, Sunday, April 4, 1943

Jo the Latterday Saints all over the world

I send my love and my greetings, president HEBER J. grant My physician, Dr. Gill Richards, pleaded with me not

to speak at this conference, but he gave me perfect liberty to dictate anything I wanted to say, and I am therefore sitting down to dictate, and if I were to dictate all I would like to say I fear my sermon would be so long very few would read it.

I want to say that my heart goes out in the deepest sympathy and in the most sincere and earnest prayer that I have ever offered for the comforting influence of the Lord to be given to the brethren and sisters who have sons in the war at the present time. I pray

that the Lord will bless each and every boy who has been called or who has gone into the service, and that He will help each of them to live in accordance with the principles of the gospel, so that each may have a claim to the blessings of the Lord to the full extent that accords with His wisdom. I pray that, so far as it accords with the providence of the Lord,

each of them may be preserved from accident, sickness, and death to return in due course to his loved ones. I pray God to help them to stand up under the terrible strain which

they must meet. I appeal to the Lord to bring the war to an end at the earliest possible

date. My heart goes out to all of you. One of my daughters has six boys, five of whom

have been called to the service. Her two daughters are married, so that her family consists of herself, her husband, and one son. There are many others in the same condition.

Each one of my daughters has sons or daughters that are in the war, and I pray earnestly for the comforting influence of the Spirit of the Lord to be given them to assist them in carrying their burdens. I am praying with all my heart and soul for the end of this war

as soon as the Lord can see fit to have it stop, and I am praying earnestly for the sweet and comforting influence of the Spirit of the Lord to be with each and all who have their loved ones in the war.

I expressed my delight in the following language years ago when I came back after a serious operation:

It is a source of great pleasure to me to once more stand before the Latterday Saints in this;

Tabernacle. As most of the Latterday Saints assembled are aware, it is nearly a year since I occupied this position, during which time I have undergone a very serious surgical operation, which,

according to medical journals, should have ended my life. It is recorded that it is impossible for a

man to recover who is in the condition that I was found to be in at the time of the operation. But I

am grateful to be here; and I feel to thank my Heavenly Father, and the brethren of the Priesthood

who administered to me and blessed me during the ordeal and promised me that I should recover.

Since that time I have also been very sick with pneumonia. Some years ago I tried to insure my

life, but the companies refused. Their physicians told me that if I ever took pneumonia I would die.

But I am still here, notwithstanding the report of the physicians of the life insurance companies. It is

a source of pleasure to me to again mingle my voice with the Latterday Saints and to bear testimony of the knowledge that I possess of the divinity of the work in which we are engaged.

I express my delight once more today in dictating a message to the Latterday Saints.

Years ago I made a short speech that lasted a minute and a half to the effect that we were the architects of our own lives, and that we and we alone are responsible for not making a success of life. What I said was as follows:

If you want to know how to be saved, I can tell you: it is by keeping the commandments of God.

No power on earth, no power beneath the earth will ever prevent you or me or any Latterday Saint (Continued on page 317)

n These Times By J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

Of the First Presidency brethren: I believe perhaps I

have never had a more trying time than that which confrontsMyme now. We have been hearing about Delivered at the fifth session

the war, its purposes, and our part of the 113th Annual Confertherein. I have the misfortune of reence in the Salt Lake Tabermembering a little history; the most of nacle, Monday evening, April

my mature life has been spent dealing 5, 1943 with the relationships of nations. I

wish the picture were as clear and certain to me as it has been drawn, either as to its issues or its outcome.

I am not going to preach a sermon tory, giving the locations of all of our tonight, brethren. There are some chapels and churches throughout the

things that I thought it might be well to United States, in England, and in run over with you. They deal largely Australia. We would like you presiwith our temporal affairs, though not dents of stakes to call at the L. D. S.

wholly so. I come to you in deep huHome for Service Men, 41 North State

mility. I do not think I ever felt weaker. Street, just above Eagle Gate, before

you go home, and get enough copies of

Helps for Men in the Service those directories so that you can give one to each of your boys in the service,

We have over on State Street, as and we ask you to distribute them all you presidents of stakes and you through the bishops, so that the bishops bishops know, a missionary home, or a can give one to each parent who has

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. a son in the service.home for the L. D. S. service men. We PRESIDENT

have housed therein a committee which When you send us these names, we is trying to act as a liaison group on the Compendium. It will not be send them out to the mission fields, and

between the soldiers and you brethren. quite so large as this Book of Mormon. out in the mission fields where the

to the about speak brieflyI want presimission the are located, camps that so they printed enough have work We furtherof that committee and ask your aid districted areas, to the have distributed of our dents to every can be one help. boys who is in the service. them in getting in touch with your boys.

I that, like to should doing Before to will the directory help boys The presidents of each asked of you We all facts. thoseget a Will few who their Church. in get with touch stakes in to the send names addressand their in of service uniform thesaw it is I necesbelieve not Brethren, do es of the in the service men from your I stand duringcountry No. World War tonight, said after sary, has been what stakes, securing the same the from par- ( feet. arose. their hundred Severalon of importance the to urge upon you ents, the through bishops. in That was I say If might brethren. you, Thank urge to upon these names, us sending October. stakes not have Ten aceven I service.so, in also the then was that seeing every of importance the you receipt the knowledged instrucof the I all like those sons have would who else everybody's and boy tions. have no them. word from We boy—your in feet. the their stand to army onnow will books. these of They has copy a told, All 239 wards and branches 42 third the as(As of audience a many all these books, get can from they need have return no made whatever. The Iarose.) standing. Please remain live righteously. help to them returns that have been been, have made like all to thatshould to add number

all letters frequently, sorts of the from imperfectly so that have out made We inthose the have servgrandsons wfeo it is telling the fields of us the in almost just impossible work to boys out work allice, to that those and have add who the are, doing. asked what have are they which but names particumore We orsons subject are grandsons to be who

larly into just the themselves organize are. to addresses them what MuNow, all service. intocalled stand, Will you

please. (About twothirds or threewe are going to send to you brethren, tual Improvement groups, and carry

fourths of the audience came to their youof thispresidentsBook ofof stakes,Mormonas manyand ofcopiesthe hadon theirtwo religiousor three lettersactivities.fromWea boyhaveinfeet.)

Principles about as know Gospel have North is all we you of the Africa—that brethren. you, Thank us to he tells service the as have him boys in you his location—but in President the servindicated Grant has now meetings, adthat stakes sacrament hold they from yourice, for into the servinduction or due

ice, including his grandsonsin-law, We are going to ask you to see that minister the sacrament, that they preach, another, to sustain one they areeighteen men.

other. faith of the the one addresses. those mailed outWeto shallthose probablyboys to thatbuild theyup thetry This war business is going to be felt

very keenly by us. send along a form and ask you to write Now, brethren, please pay attention

Away back in October we sent out out a new statement regarding the boys, to this. Get your directories before

word to the presidents of stakes telling showing their addresses, their names, you go home. We will send you copies

them that we were going to print some and so on. It is very difficult for those of the books with instructions. Then

literature to be distributed to the boys. who are compiling these names to be will you please send back to us the new

We have had printed the Book of Morsure that you have correctly stated the lists corrected, so that we can forward mon, this is one of them (holding it facts about them; the difference bethem to the missions.

up to view), which they can carry tween "sen,"and "son,"is not always Send out your books to your boys;

here in their breast pockets. We have observed, and other like inaccuracies give them all the help that you can, and

also had printed a little book we call are there. that act plus your letters and your

Principles of the Gospel, that is founded Now we have also prepared a direcprayers, will be about all you can do.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

Tithing which God has given to us, we will care to this time your homeprocessed foods it. for our own; and can touched. not not been do have we Do have You I the brethren of want to thank Mow lulled to not false prinsleep be to in any had them. course count such by Of the for their in Church, response religious, little it is ciple or difficult differsocial governmental, or a to see the

tithing. the matter of Brother Grant as ence, slogan that the State the to the every hand, one on owes between man

I his in thanked opening message. you subsistence. forestall "In foreseeing a of trying who, the sweat to man and

tell like facts or to three would you two shalt eat face thy future shortage, a bread"thou into the (Gen. out went

tithing. is that about percent One 95 market 3:19). three year or or a years two

all tithepayers in the of the Church foodstuffs, stored bought ago and and less is person, per than pay which $200 Welfare Fundamentals and, the other the hand, on man who tithing. total percent the of 67 Thus for the purposes same out went and

althe about Welfare. is have tithing "VTow the the paid moderately by We his raised his did then food and own as regarded of the becircumstanced the poor Church. Welfare ways and is If processing. ration they can what

I for set ing the to needy; unnecessary, while and up can when add And we that the yours bought, you same by the of the spoken assurance needy have have President given you by we is token ration they can yours what those that not these of thought did regards Grant, funds as he have who raise. that might you have you Now,

is trust eat there to character, of to highest the or but funds wear; enough that in too. mind, processed Your own

is their that authorizing of group expenditure coming a needy he new now—will foods last thing the probably be

will help for to those purposes, but carry nothing on need and Church who that will better touched, be but had you their they the farmers at while be to have moment seem we work—whether it it in have that rationed mind be may industrialists. trying or In the merchants, of are or guard plenty to money, we if not actually taken.

I it carefully old as as be- a days good how, was boy know when we we I However, see other can no wise it will is that to out the time expected used work. change cause men You all course raise but to that can. you

Waste nothing. Try to help others

who cannot raise their own. Process

to keep your family, then and of the enough to thank the brethren t want to surrender if you have have it, you * for their response in the Church matter of tithing. doneresponsibilityyour part,forandthetheresultjudgmentwill restand

upon somebody else.

ASTE NOTHING. anotherI wouldpoint.like toEversaysincesomethingthe Welfareabout W Plan began, we have been urged to try

as these prolific in themake men SINGLE STANDARD E STAND FOR A OF suchories? filled they are with ideas. wild BOYS CHASTITY FOR AND THE GIRLS. difficult the most One of things W to do a great number of things. Times that we

have had to do is to stick to our knitting, to see that we did not get off into 'OD GIVE US STRENGTH AND POWER TO lines of activity which we could not

RESIST EVIL. Church—dosuccessfully notcarryforgeton,this,becausebrethrenthe

the Church must not fail!

of the brethren Some are anxious to if it, all in for that, shall the use country about have and know whencome we begin cooperatives. are quite willWe I it are as anything. those shall as gray have been then worth be who am ing that shall they go in forward any

it. to read through G. Brother Marion Romney plan of that kind that they themselves early of the Brethren, the crop has a some from yesterdayus man who determine, but ask to you we remember

is just First Presiin as that the harvesting sent needsinstructions out by much it that takes merchant a to run a coopit else. socalled of that question the as to See covering your need anyonedency erative; just it. anybody cannot It do regratuities. so organized are Priesthood doles, orpensions, quorums You involves great difficult and in problems

for, Savior the that that occasion cared and be need one on maymember friends to credit to and credit—credit off this the running not between the push upon work duty dotalked about neighbors, be who or may good bad

it is It rechildren, upon of based your and Commerce.parents Chamber and risks. But go with ahead your cooperasponsibility. "HonDecalogue, in thethat statement if tives if wish, feel you you set are you It mother."several thy father For years thyor and talkhave been we it. for up But please remember coopthing, brethren, ing grievous about gardens. be a Welfarewould Rememeratives are not of part the Welfare to if us,if ber, of were or of that you, any began time any ago, long some we Plan. plan to That has the do with carState. before the off parentscast Victory on gardens our thought were ing for the of wants those in are who of, is if that urged prepared, and with Church you your could we you The distress, need and in not saving money get not a assistance, garden to spot for yourself, of take carehelp that and or making for groups. money

if get together assistance, in groups, you that suchthose need and you who

I like would to give you caremost raise their Saints parcast what needed, of the you have and havingany ful consideration to these things which it, raised if that off, to it, not then get seeents "process"can them you you

I have named. are There or one two it is called. as their all administer to thetake now and with back them Now, other I points that to want mention. I if I earnestness that help possess, they themselves, this urge and needwants

in this, let them go to the bishop and get course upon you again. I do not know

it in the right way. how serious this food shortage is, but Social Problems

Think of it, brethren, casting off the I do know this: We cannot feed the "Crom the foundation of this Church,

mother that bore and nursed you, the world, feed ourselves, fight the world, almost, we have regarded marriage letting furnish State and the you,father for arms begot ammunition and as one of the holiest relationships into still live. the world, cases. are for there and suchcare what I know enter, which thatthem—and marriage for we time and

is the situation together, If shall ourselves here, around hold because we eternity, a here home and a herehome if position in a shall shoulder, to shoulder to where I am I have work we after. can Now, only you be married

if rise dignity of our know. to the we shall

obligations thePriesthood, assume and I want to say something more: Up that way in the(Continuedtemple, andon onlypage those314)

Nobility of Character

Inasmuch as ye shall keep my commandments, shall prosper, and ye shall be led to a, claration that this is a "land choice Integrity Fundamental promiseland of 2:20). (I Nephi

above all other lands,"and inspire character of noble a foundation The is own, patriot to say, "This my is strength this virtue integrity. the By of Millions land."native Ameriindividual, of as of an a nation, may with declare Winthrop: todayThattwo thousandinspired promiseyears ago,madereferredover myeverycans

nation beever can judged. be to to No in loyalty which America, in to all our be cherished "Our country,

configreat, truly the and win come in true American can sayevery all his hearts, our defended to be by furpeoples, to of other which denceheart: hands."

will, for selfish its exends ther own this includes America, Canada and dead, soul so there with man, aBreathes as treaty honorable consider ample, an Republics, a Southern the was and said, himself hath to neverWho nation paper."of scrap "a mere No left the the Jaredites is land land! choice when nativeThis own, my my offigreat trusted will whose become burned, ne'er within heart him hath four thouof approximately Shinar landWhose

legislation for cers personal will pass turned, his footsteps hath he home itAs fourteen hunago. years sand was So

will of gain, advantage pubtake a who strand! foreign a wandering onFrom his later Lehi years and dred when to lic preferment, for or office personal nation, of nucleus the a formed colony the forest Sequoia of the giant In will, ambition, or vain gratify who country, the of the bounty on prospered is standing even there ParkNational fraud, chicanery, forgery, and through perished years after a thousand and three that tree living wastoday, a office in false or be the government rob transgression. of because old Columbus years whenthousand trust. public to a the land great a when America was stand cannot America.discovered One of purpose, sincerity must Honesty, tribes, their ruled chiefs stately Indian the probability this, all in side the ofby in traits character of the dominant be Behring the Sea thrived from which within world, the thing livingoldest truly that nation of be leaders would a the the and to in the north Panama it intelligence the that had wishingout great.

south. in the towering Andes tell races the of story the to powerand said "I Washington, hope,"George

of yielding to the demands Today, centuries fortyand peoples who for firm- "that and have virtue I may ever since the era greatest economic in the lived, flourished, decayed andhave I conto maintain enough what ness this choicest, most wonderful of all dawn of her creation America is demsider to be the most enviable of all reof the her vastness of the onstratinglands. and the rise The origin honest man."character of an titles—the natural her extent of the sources and this oldIncas might have antedated character more It was Washington's

tree's birth, and possibly the coming of possibilities as never before. Well may than his brilliancy of intellect that

the Jaredites might have preceded by we sing: made him the choice of all as their na-

a few hundred years this ancient tree's I love thy rocks and rills, tural leader when the thirteen original beginning, but the downfall of the Thy woods and templed hills; colonies decided to sever their conJaredites, the beginning, rise, and end My heart with rapture thrills nection with the mother country. As

of the Nephites, the influx of European Like that above. one in eulogy to the father of our counthe of Mexico, conquest thepeoples, said: try truly

the choicest only is not country This the and the Indians, ofsubjugation eloquent the appeared he among When of all the preserver lands, but of now civilization, offlourishing European thinkers, the vehethe orators, ingenious of civilized liberty, the hope and of true lifespan all the within patriots his comehave of the Revolution, modesty ment this aweinspiring, deathdefying, diman! and temperate profession could not convinely created thing. Nations have However, as I have already implied, ceal his superiority; he at once, by the very

risen and nations have perished in the

Americas—a land on which it is decreed no king shall ever hold sway.

To each and all of these nations the 'OD""HAS MADE AMERICA FRUITFUL; MAN MUST

land was a blessed land, and today is MAKE AND KEEP THE NATION GREAT.

even more glorious than ever. No observer can travel from the sunkissed

the to wooded the Pacific ofbeaches rivers powerproducing of 'MOKING'NUMBERHASONE.BECOME OUR NATIONWIDE NUISANCE thrilled being without hillsNew andEngland

by the greatness of these United States.

The painted deserts of the West, flower-carpeted in springtime, and holding a country may be ever so great and nature of his character, was felt to be their hidden beauty and entrancing interest fruitful, yet a nation subsisting upon it leader.

sterling statesmanship, of inspiring unknown monuMen in every decadent. season—the impotent Lyman As and be his strive to emulate or renowned, who harboring snows Rockies, the of ments said: truly has Abbot constitute as of character today strength in valleys for below crops reservoirs as

asset the of greatest our mighty and always is measured, of nation a greatness only painted The canyons, colorful—the States. beloved United much acres, the its but fruitful men by not by fertile Creator theby Himself—the acres; great not those cultivate by who integrity to and record bearing Also Missisthe valley of foodproducing

forests; those the use forests, but who men by eleindispensable being as an honor of the Northforests mighty sippi—the the its mines, but work men not by who by is life truly in great the nation a climent navigable rivers—the them.west—the

in Lincoln, of immortal the all consuit was needs and whom to varying mate, fruitful; real the of greatness "vindicated goodAmerica has made thousand other these and a God ditions—all

real greatof goodness nation ness, and the keep the and productive must make and feaman equally glorious tures bear witness to the ageold degreat. ness,"to whose character the passing

Delivered at the first session of the \\3th Annual Conference, in the

Salt Lake Tabernacle, Sunday, $A&at TLaiiotL April 4, 1943.

the individual. It is a fundamental

virtue. Christian to Nicotine seems By this trait if not to kill completely suicide and tandem polygamous reladull,

DAVID O. McKAY tionshipslaws are madeenemiespossibleof an byideallax nationaldivorce becomingof true culture,its pitiableand womenvictims, areand fastthe

in society. offenders worst There are throughout increase the United The Of the First Presidency life. that few trains still a carry nonsmok- is States in the percentage of divorces

alarming, and this insidious evil is ining compartments, a few eating places creasing in the Church itself. There with signs, "No smoking."In violaare too many couples in the Church tion of such placards, it is not infrewho, when difficulties arise, seek the quent, however, to see a woman with

remedy in divorce courts. utter disregard for the feelings of her

In the wellordered home we may fellowpassengers, the first in a car experience on earth a taste of heaven. to light a cigarette. On one occaIt is there that the babe in a mother's sion, when the conductor politely

caress first experiences a sense of called a woman's attention to the fact security; finds in the mother's kiss the that a smoking car was in the rear,

first realization of affection; discovers she blandly replied: "Oh, I'm quite

in mother's sympathy and tenderness comfortable where I am, thank you!"

the first assurance that there is love in It is not uncommon now to see buthe world. reaus, dressing tables, desks, mantles,

A week or so ago conditions made it and other pieces of furniture in firstnecessary that I share a Pullman with class hotels marred by burning cigarlitter costly carpets. Ashes soldier forty they ettes.

stations, theatre hotel Railroad and were, a credit toboys—gentlemenany nation. In course

of a conversation, one of them relobbies are littered with burntout marked: "My dad's hair too is white"; matches, stubs of cigarettes, and cigars.

then he added in a tone that expressed Smoking has become our nationwide the depth of his feeling: "How I should nuisance number one. If men and

like to see that old gray head this mornwomen must smoke, and it seems that ing!"many are now slaves to that habit, then

He and his companions were en for the sake of cleanliness and neatroute for an encampment to complete ness, and pride of our country, as well for others, as of consideration let them for their training before embarking PRESIDENT DAVID 0. MCKAY

refrain furniture, from marring and overseas. are enlisted to defend They

from strewing ashes and burntout free of not only the but agency man centuries can add only more brilliant in buildmatches stubs and cigarette rights sanctity of the and and home lustre. loved ones. Such an affection for home ings where people assemble either for

pleasure or instruction. of Because soldier as felt ones loved and by that times afford treasure mortal purest The thoughtlessness of in this regard, many will preferable surdeath to that reputation: boy Is spotless make away,

Men are but guilded loam, or painted clay. render to an enemy who would destroy our public places are littered as unkept

(Richard II, Act I, Sc. 1) all that true American soldiers hold barns.

dear. I appeal to young men and women

The American Home of the Church to refrain from this obhabit. bishops, I would To A National Nuisance noxious A second essential, fundamental eleeither person to act as say: Choose no

**"ment in the building and in the At this point I must mention an inan officer or teacher in your quorums or perpetuity of a great people is the sidious evil that is destroying, termiteauxiliaries who is guilty of using tohome. "The strength of a nation, eslike, the foundation of character as bacco. If teachers cannot teach by

pecially of a republican nation, is in well as that of the home and nation. example, their precepts will be as

the intelligent and wellordered homes I refer to the appalling increase in the "sounding brass and tinkling cymbal."

of the people."If and when the time use of tobacco, particularly among the

Immorality

the the as T mentioned immost home is standard of there double Tn no the Church in factor portant building great a *"does morality. water not... Pure flow from nation. vicious to most The enemy nation a healthy polluted from a spring—nor life is immorality. present home the At diseased parentage. a social time greatly are workers concerned over the number of young girls

between fifteen and nineteen who seem ever comes that parents shift to the state young. Of its uselessness, expensiveto have lost all sense of decency and

the responsibility of rearing their chilness, injuriousness to health, I will say who shamelessly sacrifice themselves dren, the stability of the nation will be nothing. I shall refer only to its unon the altar of lust. Of this evil, Vicundermined, and its impairment and dermining effect on character and to its tor Hugo writes impressively:

disintegration will have begun. slovenliness. The holy law of Jesus Christ governs

The increasing divorce rate in the Respect for another's rights and our civilization; but it does not yet permeate

United States today is a threatening property is fundamental in good govit; it is said that slavery has disappeared

menace to this nation's greatness. Race ernment. It is a mark of refinement in (Continued on page 313)

.

Pioneer (Dlouu PART III

9. pass- R. [Brigham] Saturday, May <t ELIZA in. into Sarah's. ing, Call'd stopp'd

Found Sis[ter] Whitney quite ill with her lame wrist & in a discourag'd state of mind—she was administered to by

father Smith, Whitney & Kimball. SNOWSunday, May 10. Preaching in the

in afternoon the theforenoon—sacrament of mistress quilting the Dalton, not for expected several days—looks this [Garestablishment that Sis[ter] present Yearsley, rather Markham, discouraging—pass'd are but at not we of those property the beden Grove] Catherine. Harriet Gleason, Our all discourag'd, & tho'that hear the we for place resting for a on, be go &who tent, treat in serv'd the around is was a Comp[any] m[ile]s 30 ahead & still br. Benson Bent, Father behind. those bars, table bark, of spread supported on on. going

here preside to appointed br. Fulmer& into four crotches the driven ground by 18. Monday, Capt. [Wm.] May

. I fine, was day Grove] [Garden The light consisted biscuits of but- & Smith [Bp.] [Amasa] Lyman, & Whit-—and tho'. meeting attend to ablenot ter, cheese, sauce, custard dutch peach leave field quite us ney masters the of

[P. Parley's 11. Monday, May tea. pie I so feel alone, & much despondno exthe with leavePratt] com[pany] eve. but This Warren is health daily improving & return'd—had altho'ency—my to Platte the big to going ofpectation little in success the spirits feel that the my country—Yearsley buoyant—I [Smith farm. A. Geo. acommence blessing of the blessings of the Lord & of his [company witharrived today attend gone me. have many who on call'c MT. PISGAH up THE BASEten. came APPEARS & MONUMENT—NEAR Lyman Amasa is the happiness altogether Surely not INSCRIPTION: SNOW, CHARLOTTE THE LENORA return'd us. [Markham] Whitingon ELDER OF LORENZO DAUGHTER CHARLOTTE AND of father product circumstances—our SQUIRES Pioneer the SNOW Camp] [from his children's over watches welwho wish 12th. Camp The Tuesday, May all will fare for things order we good—if starts George forward. Boydto move will in trust put him, our not need we of those our notify river tofor Grand fear. teams there with areCom[pany] who

I find experiBut day's every from found Camp, B[righa]m's visited—I ence, that the are into while thrown we with interview minutes aEliza, few had

it is all spirits, lot of sorts midst of my.. the prom-. confirm'd YoungSisfter]

is to that constant have one about a me father and health. Heberise of my I annoyance, one cannot & whom creek. the cross to leave familyChase & will hold not whose fellowship—thro'with 13. B[righa]m's Wednesday, May instrumentality disquietude has much

Comfpany] leave this morning,- been occasioned!

Amus'd myself by reading one of WalTuesday, May 19. This morning

ter Scott's poems entitled "Rokeby."a circumstance occurr'd which renew'dMy health much improv'd—I think by my reflections on the subject of family

using a tea made of cranesbill for a few government. Without order all is condays past. Last eve[ning] the clouds fusion, & without mutual action in the

threaten'd a heavy shower, but pass'd head, (& mutual feeling & mutual unoff with little rain. Rain'd little today, derstanding must produce mutual acbut at night a heavy storm came on. I tion) there can be no order. One parsaw the funeral train following to its ent must support the claims to respect

wilderness grave a little child of br. for the other & this can never be doneGurley. It was a lonely sight—my while either exposes the faults of the

feelings truly sympathize with those other in the presence of the children.

who are call'd to leave their dear relaIn the eve [ning] we took leave of our tives by the way. transient place of residence—cross'd

difficulty—hisBr. Hanes havingComfpany]had isconsiderablebroken up. thebuiltCreeka bridge,over &whichwenttheperhapsbrethren3 ms.,had

Thursday, May 14th. Last night a leaving Sis. Yearsley in waiting for her

very heavy rain. husband not yet return'd from the country. encampment Our 15th. Friday, Bishop W[hitney] May to wit: wagons Col. M [arkham]s,consists Warof 3 this family leave morning. us Every& ren's Dalton's. Capt. & loneusdeparture more makes more &

all like the almost seems daysly—it

earth the divided butPeleg when was of day—didWednesday,not leave;MayBro.20.DanyRain'dcame up.

we hope to follow soon—may be the Thursday, May 21. Rain'd in the

pleasure of meeting compensates for forenoon, did not leave.

the parting. Friday, May 22. Travel'd 5 m[ile]s,

Sunday, May 17. The meeting held came up with Turley & Smith.

at Taylor's camp, which has not mov'd. Saturday, May 23. Travel'd 12

Yesterday I enjoy'd the novel scenery m[ile]s over a rolling prairie. Horace

of a quilting outof-doors, after which Whitney & King came up with us last with much conviviality & agreeable sonight, who had gone with teams to asciability the party took tea with sister A sist Col. Markham, br. Yearsley &c. to

..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943 today—Sis[ter] Sessions brought me

the Hancock Eagle, from Sis[ter] Lyon & bade "good bye!"

Tuesday, June 2. Those of Heber's

[C. Kimball] com[pany] who were

ready, leave today with a mingled sensation of pleasure & regret. I bade sis.

K[imball] & those connected "farewell."She made me a little present

which I prize much for her sake. A.

Fielding arriv'd.

Wednesday, June 3. Bish[op]

SITE OF W[hitney] & family leave this mornNIT. PISGAH fing]. Sister W[hitney] came to our

wagon & sang me a beautiful song of blessing—itZion, which isI arejoic'dseason innotas toa bepartingforgotten. Whiting [Markham] goes to

drive team for Heber [C. Kimball]

About noon Harriet [Snow] came & helping me to a horse, I rode home with brother] L[orenzo] [my her—found

sick, altho'the medicine I sent on the next location. We overtook Gen. M[arkham] came to me much animated very [Charles C] Rich—met Kingsbury & & said that the calculation for us to stop Sun [day] evefning] had a good effect.

L. [?] W. [?] going out to trade here was revers'd & said we were to I pray the Lord to restore him to health

&c.pass'd a guide board go feel the worth on—which—I

'd kindness to myself and in part—notshe exactly.this mornfing] ful24th. Sunday, Travel'd 10 or fill of others.—Walk'dhis unremitting May

11 ms. I do not know why some are call'd home at night.

self to denial than more pray left 4. Dalton Bro. Thursday, June 25th. others—I heavRain'd Monday, May

live that the to see time I may when to a letter S[arah] [Kim- M.—Wrote ily last the overflow night—streams will patience be rewarded & submission ball] to Br. expecting M[arkham]bridges render impassalmost them &

righteousness. off. start get to did not he but Nauvooable. crossing the in After one where

men carried the women over, (br. W. Inasmuch as I have plead the cause Mov'd into a house built of logs, some

Cahoon liberally contributing his servof the oppress'd at the risk of life, (for peal'd & some with bark on, layed up ices as ferryboat), we ascended a hill my life has been openly threaten 'd in cob fashion from 3 to 8 inches apart on which we had the novel pleasure of consequence of it)—inasmuch as I have the roof form'd by stretching the tent

viewing a huge pile of stones. We arever plead the cause of liberty, I think cloth over the ridge pole & fastening at

riv'd at the Camp situated in a small God would approbate & sanction as a the bottom on the outside, which, with grove with a beautiful prospect; happy just right for me to be present when the carpeting, blankets, &c, fasten'd up at

saints the which shall prevent to rear the wind nathe north end the to standard to meet withonce more home & friends.

find our- I as winter, cold at is almost the of earth; prefer all events we River. 1 tions of the fork middle GrandOn the

Bishop Miller had started out before stopping behind for the present that selves very comfortably & commodiour arrival. every possible means may be approously situated.

Tuesday, May 26th. Spent the day priated to liberate the Twelve from the Heard that one of the br[ethre]n,

at [my brother] Lorenzo's. Call'd at oppression of selfish ones who never sent to Brown for a yoke of cattle

sacrifices truth's for the sake have made only not he which had last night.Pres. Young's. shower Hard appropriated—I

I find in feelings to a trial my that rejoice feel reconciled, but we—yet 30th. the Spent Saturday, May being separated those from with whom means, that others stopp'd have the may

Sis[ter] Whitney & Kimball I in been associated have ever all his the br. having given up Mfarkham]

outat br[ethre]n rode for Church.daySarah's—thewith 316) (Continued on page withcouncil. interview pleasant a Had river cross the Brown's com[pany]

[Prest. with spokeSisfter] Young & TRAIL A PIONEER CONFERENCE ALONG THE

Young] Sunday, May 31st. Conference today interrupted with rain. Harriet

[Snow] call'd in the eve[ning]. Said

L[orenzo] is quite sick—sent him some

aloy [aloe]. Br. N. Rogers died.

Monday, June 1st. The month comcold. I are D. Gleason &

coals. with a kettle oftears—quiteinmencesthe wagonwith a volley of nature's

Last night I dream 'd that Sisfter]

iThe first of June found us in a small grove on the middle fork of Grand River. This place, over which

Elders [Charles C] Rich and [William] Huntington were called to preside, was named Pisgah; and from

this point most of the divisions filed off, one after another. Colonel Markham appropriated all of his teams

and one wagon to assist the Twelve and others to pursue the journey westward, while he returned to the

States for a fresh supply.

Companies were constantly arriving and others departing; while those who intended stopping till the

next spring were busily engaged in making gardens, and otherwise preparing for winter—sheltering themselves in rude log huts for temporary residence. The

camps were strung along for several hundred miles in in lengthWomenfromof Motmondomfront to rear.—(Tullidge),Eliza R. p.Snow,314 quoted

Lbu JthiL YbriiwL

tiTm\ lessed is the nation whose God is ps the Lord, and the people whom Address delivered oyer KSL and the Columbia Church of the Air, from

J—* he hath chosen for his own inthe Salt Lake Tabernacle, 11:0011:30 a.m., M.W.T., Sunday, April 4,

heritance"(Psalms 33:12). So said 1943, during the \\3th General Conference

the Psalmist. This saying it would be

well for the people of America to remember.

No nation has been more greatly It is a sad reflection, but one that canIn other words, all that has been reblessed than States. has the United We havenot beforgottensuccessfullythe admonitionrefuted, whichthat haswe beginningvealed for theto oursalvationown timeof manis fromcircumthelive in a land called has been which

choice above all other lands by divine come down to us, just as Israel forgot scribed, included in, and a part of these pronouncement. The Lord has watched the commandments which would have two great laws. If we love the Lord

over it with a jealous care and has comblessed that nation in the land of with all the heart, with all the soul, and as all the neighbor forever mind, observed. with our been they had and its lest Canaan to people servemanded Him

is ourselves, there In forsaking then nothing in danthese stand more laws we kindled againstHis wrath be and them

His blessings be withdrawn. Our govger of punishment as the people of Israel to be desired. Then we will be in

ernment came into existence through stood in danger of punishment because harmony with the total of sacred law.

divine guidance. The inspiration of they forsook the Lord and failed to reIf we were willing to live in harmony

these great two and accept the warnings of their with commandmentsthe the patriots Lord rested upon who pent prophets. so eventually must do and we if we areestablished inspired through them it, and

the dark days of their struggle for indeSince the days of our fathers there worthy to live in the presence of Godpendence and through the critical period has been a gradual straying from the—then wickedness, jealousy, ambition,

which followed that struggle when they sacred teachings which we have recovetousness, bloodshed, and all sin framed our glorious Constitution which ceived. In later years we have, in fact, of every nature would be banished from

guarantees to all the selfevident truth fulfilled the prophecy of Paul: the earth. Then would come a day of

eternal a happiness. and peace What in the Indeof Declarationproclaimed also, that in the last days This know glorious have day that would be! We all createdpendence, "that perilous times shall come. men are

tc sufficient reason with endowed their areequal: that they of their For be lovers endowed by own been men shall

desir- a state is most that such know selves, proud, boasters, blasphemcovetous, rights inalienable certain withCreator that among these are life, liberty, and ers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unable and would establish among men the pursuit of happiness."That is to holy, the Fatherhood of God and the perfect

say, it is the right of every soul to have falseWithoutaccusers,naturalincontinent,affection,fierce,trucebreakers,despisers brotherhood of man.

equal and unrestricted justice before of those that are good, But as a people have we not forsaken the law, equal rights to worship accordTraitors, heady, highminded, lovers of these commandments? Can we say that

ing to the dictates of conscience and to pleasures more than lovers of God; we love the Lord with all the soul? Can

labor according to the individual inclinations, independently of coercion or compulsion. That this might be, the 1

Lord has said, "I established the ConOD WILL NOT PERMIT US TO MOCK HlM AND HOLD stitution of this land, by the hands of His laws in contempt with impunity.

wise men whom I raised up unto this very purpose and redeemed the land by the shedding of blood"(D. & C. Having a form of godliness, but denying we say we are as solicitous for the

101:80). (II 3:1-5). the thereof Timothy power for of as welfare our are neighbor we

this founders of nation were The men us, our look about own? we As we is indictment severe very This made a faith.of of humble them saw Many fail selfishness, the to see cannot the the honestly Paul; but can deny by wein vision glorious for destiny our a evil unbelief, of love blasphemy, and are charge? Commandments The Ten faithprovidedgovernment, would we the are everywhere found which among just the of today the as Lord word much justicefully in the continue of path and all to revealing us our people, weakness finwritten the as they by were when spiritsright contrite with and humble laws. these to unwillingness and obey Sinai. not ger of have on They God truthshearts, divine accepting the which things of ignorant are the not of been not We abrogated; have they been in Scriptures. theare found Holy The for they been have known made God, the peobinding are modified upon and these ofappeal has echoed down men until to the us of from days now Adam all force the ple accompanwhich withthe passing prophetic with warnyears in Scripthe are recorded Holy and sure first uttered. ied As them when the generations, toing succeeding tures. presence the Messengers from live, are judged to be as by we we all true to to withpleading them be earth the to sent of been have God all divine other commandthem and at the foundalaythese standards which the in establish the beginning to from to us permit will for not ments, Godtion of our government. This country all to of reveal to hearts them and men conin laws His hold and mock Him as Christian nation, founded awas with 2 If is essential for salvation. that man's impunity. with temptthe acceptance of Christ the as Jesus is things, us these of ignorant any among igthis land of the people not Have It of the world.Redeemer prewas it is rebellion. wilful to Son due The first 1 nored the commandment?dicted this a that of prophet old by to earth to of Himself show came God

shalt love with the it thy Lord Thou libertyland land a of be would God and life, eternal the to us example by way all all heart, soul, thy thy with and and fortified all against be other nawould sin. all free Himself from and was We all with thy mind. itstions as long inhabitants as would violafor the ourselves excuse cannot first is great the This and commandment. Christ;serve but should Jesus stray they the the tion ground of of laws is it, on shalt like the God second unto And Thou

it the offrom cease would God, Son all thyself. love these of ignorance. thy as of neighbour comWith

to be a land of liberty and His anger On these two commandments hang all the mandments before us, we are moral be kindled against them. law and the prophets (Matt. 22:3740). agents responsible to the Most High

1Lehi in Book of Mormon, 2 Nephi 1:7 2Galatians 6:7 and under obligation to be obedient.

.

tp WPiDAJL $djgL itu {Jul 3k?vdL...

By JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH PSALMS 33:12

Of the Council of the Twelve

of the Lord their God; therefore, the

Lord their God is slow to hearken unto

So it will be in the judgment. Every their prayers, to answer them in the day

man shall receive a reward according of their trouble. In the day of their

to his works. Unfortunately there are peace they esteemed lightly my counsel;

many selfish, greedy agencies at work but, in the day of their trouble, of necesplaying upon the credulity and ignorsity they feel after me"(D, & C. 101:

ance of the people, enticing them to 7-8). If we draw near unto Him, He

indulge in many evil habits which will draw near unto us, and we will not weaken and impair their vitality and be forsaken; but if we do not draw near

drive them from the spiritual guidance to Him, we have no promise that He promised them through their humility will answer us in our rebellion.

and faith. Are we free from all covetousness?

Have we observed the Sabbath day Do we refrain from desiring to possess and kept it holy? Is it not a fact that unjustly the property of others? Have

we have looked upon this law as being we permitted the lusts of the flesh and obsolete; something suited, perhaps to the desire to possess that which is not

the needs of a primitive people, who, our honest due, to canker our souls?

like little children, need special care, Have we not come to look upon the but not necessary for us to observe in sacred and holy bonds of matrimony as this modern world of superior wisdom? merely a civil contract which may be

Is it not the fact that through the length broken at will on the slightest whim by and breadth of our land, this sacred either covenanting party? Has not dicommandment has been treated, and vorce become a blot upon the nation?

is being treated, with absolute contempt? How can we reconcile our practices

Have we not made of it a day of pleasand the statutes of many states with ure, of indulgence, and have we not lost the commandments given us by Jesus

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH all love for its sacredness? How can Christ in relation to the marriage covewe expect the Lord to bless us when nant? The home is the foundation of

we ignore so universally this holy law? civilization and vital to the safety of our

Nevertheless, because of the love of Have we not forgotten to pray and country. When the home is destroyed,

the things of the world and the enticing to thank the Lord for His mercies and the foundation of the country is in influence of the powers of darkness,3 for His guidance in all that we do? If danger of destruction. Such has been

we have departed from the strait path at times we have been requested to seek the history of the past among nations.

which leads to life and which our Lord the help of the Lord in this great strugMarriage is a sacred ordinance instituthas said few men find because they love gle which has deluged the world, have ed before death came into the world darkness rather than light, their deeds we prayed in the true spirit of prayer? when the Lord said, "It is not good

being evil. We have permitted the What good does it do for us to petition that the man should be alone; I will

philosophies of men, which deny the the Lord, if we have no intention of make him an help meet for him"(Gen.

2:18).

Throughout our land we see the of fathers tragedy broken homes, and VERY SHALL RECEIVE A REWARD ACCORDING MAN children separated, the mothers denied 1 WORKS. TO HIS affections. natural Children a right have

and of divinity mock Jesus Christ at THE WORLD NEEDS TODAY IS TO DRAW to gospel, of the ordinances sacred the enter into our schools, our businesses, wHATNEARER TO THE LORD.

and our homes, thus weakening our faith and our reverence for our Crethat forgotten was ator. man have We this blessings to the keeping from sacred Such His commandments? coming the that of in God, the image created is inentitled union. to are praying the love an hollow and mockery They

offHis are that declare scriptures we sult faithful of grace. the care throne before the of parents and and How to are that commanded spring, and we favorable to expect a true happiness dare devotion presume and worwhich we His of and the kingdom God seek first if is brings. are blessings ship such the case? these ye "Seek answer When

righteousness. call lost, found, while suffers the the be he Lord and whole community may clean and our bodies Are we keeping near: integrity Let while he is him the ye upon of government is weakinfluences? all contaminating free from his the forsake the ened. and way, wicked and a disgrace It is a shame

thing that unclean are informed no We that is his thoughts: evil unrighteous and of out let so broken coming man much

that inherit of the can God, kingdom will this he the return largely Lord, unto and him because homes, and comes let unjust is unjust, that be him "he to him; our God, have obligaand forgotten upon mercy our have and we God

filthy, let is still: be him which he and for will pardon."abundantly tions to he So serve Truly and honor Him.

let is righteous, still: that filthy he and

. is not (Isaiah Isaiah said 55:5-7) But for repentance have and room much we

is still: that he and righteous be him petition the near always true of to the return simple when worship a Lord we

) (: 1 still"22 let Rev. holy, holy him 1 be said, no! has Verily him? Christianity. "They He

3Matt. 7:14 were slow to hearken unto the voice (Continued on page 312)

ALARMColLioGjwiA.

( NoLiquor-Tobacco Column By HPhehasNationalsaid: "TheEducationrapid Associationincrease in

RUDGER CLAWSON agescigaretteand smokingboth sexes,amongandpeopleespeciallyof all is not only a growing boys among

Of the Council of the Twelve call alarm; it cause for arms."to is a

in a reHealth magazine Good The alcoholic said although issue Delivered at the Sunday afternoon sescent sion \\3th Conference, Annual of the in forbidden are tobacco drinks and in the Tabernacle 4, 1943, April athletics, college "The and school army authorities not only afford the soldiers an opportunity for smoking but actually supply the materials. The

emergency oneday ration contains a

And the fame of this house shall spread dozen cigarettes. Thus the boys are

to foreign lands; and this is the beginning virtually told that when they are in a

PRESIDENT RUDGER CLAWSON of the blessing which shall be poured out most trying situation, tobacco is on a upon the heads of my people. Even so. par with food. Many young men enter

Amen. the army who have not forgotten the

the closed, this were heavens vision After their of Scout teachings and days Boy at time brethren, the set Columappeared us; and Moses unto opened assails not smoke. Temptation them do the appeared, and bus the into us keys us, committed new againbefore andMY side. their of every from companMost set the born. time world At was four the Israel from of gathering the of

Joseph Smith appeared, and it was preparts of the earth, and the leading of the ions use tobacco. Charitable organizadicted that a great and marvelous work ten tribes from the land of the north. tions and generous individuals send in

was to commence. Both characters After this, Elias appeared, and committed cartons of cigarettes.... Along comes

were here and had their part to play the dispensation of the gospel of Abraham, Uncle Sam uttering a benediction on among the children of men. Columbus saying that in us and our seed all generathe filthy weed."For the Christmas

discovered the new world on October tions after us should be blessed. holidays, the American Red Cross en12, 1492. Joseph Smith organized the After this vision had closed, another great closed cigarettes in every package sent

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday and glorious vision burst upon us; for to the boys overseas.

to heaven prophet, the was taken Elijah who alcigarettesSaints and April 6, 1 830, of and it is destined Manufacturers us, before death, and tasting stood without to inearth.to set out fill the whole have beverages coholic said:

beto daughters sons and your I this afternoon to read am impressed fully which duce come, time the has Behold, prodof their use to the addicts come thea few Doctrine words from of Malachi of mouth spoken and was by the

Covenants, Section 110: testifying that he [Elijah] should be sent, ucts, sparing nothing to gain their end.

before the great and dreadful day of the For proof listen to numerous radio anThe veil was taken from our minds, and Lord come nouncements, see "ads"in newspathe eyes of our understanding were opened. To turn the hearts of the fathers to the pers, magazines, on screens, billboards.

the the fathers, standing Lord children to the saw upon children, and the We to help? can we do

pulpit, the ofbreastwork us; before and with a What earth be smitten lest the whole

let us rebeverages alcoholic As to his feetunder of pure a paved was work curse gold, in color like amber. Therefore, the keys of this dispensation fer to recent statements of the Chicago

His eyes were as a flame of fire; the hair are committed into your hands; and by this Daily News and American Business

of his head was white like the pure snow; ye may know that the great and dreadful Men's Research Foundation. The

his countenance shone above the brightness day of the Lord is near, even at the doors. News, an antiprohibition journal, in

of the sun; and his voice was as the sound an editorial entitled, "The Demon

that clearly It is here very the of shown rushingof great waters, even the refers to a document Rum is Dumb,"ofvoice this saying: and wonder Jehovah, marvelous before work liquor sent out recently by a wholesale

I am the first and the last; I am he who should be accomplished certain keys house, fearful of the reactions to the

I I I slain;liveth, earth, he the your to given have and should was be who am am advertising campaigns. liquor intense

theadvocate Father. with these in concerning hearing read your beating are said: document The "We

it light sins of are Behold, forgiven great deal your a you; you keys, throws and liquor. of the sale for more drums

lift therefore,are clean before me; your up It rethis the subject. emphasizes on greater for banners the are waving theWe rejoice.heads and resting sponsibility Latterday upon ingreater are consumption. and We of the rejoice, hearts brethren Let your with familiarize themselves to Saints of the and creasing waste manpower let rejoice, hearts the of peopleand all my testimonies laws these and and keys in business along material the many their built this might, have, with housewho that given. are

... that lines. are public knows The weto name. my

businon-essential purely luxury a and behold, For ness."the stateapproved The Newsand name shallI havebe here;acceptedand I thiswill house,manithisI revelationtestify to wasyou, givenmy brethren,for our profit,that my

fest myself to my people in mercy in this and I express to you my testimony in ments in the document and advocated house. these words, that I know the Lord is giving up liquor advertising campaigns.

is Christ, us, that the Jesus with and I will servants, appear unto and Yea, my 1 its Bulletin In the FoundaNo.

is that prophet Smith a and Joseph if was voice, with unto them minespeak own traffic "is revealed the liquor tion says in will glorious of are a people engaged keep commandments, God. mymy We socially, saboteur, commercially, as a this pollute house. not holy do It isand scene to look a marvelous work.

politically; to public a menace and this gathering Priesthood. out the of of tens hearts of thousands upon Yea, and

inefincreasing morale; an of breeder rejoice shall in consegreatlythousands I I this trust lose that never may... lificiency found. wherever The shall blessings of the be whichquence

I have. that testimony all trade, despite quor even warnings, out, the which with andpoured endowment

my servants have been endowed in this God bless you, in the name of the by its own spokesmen, continues to house. Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. (Concluded on page 297)

MISSIONARIES

ZlON By your lives to it. You missionaries LEVI EDGAR YOUNG are not to do any other Church work

Of the First Council of the Seventy thangifts thatof Godof thecantruemakemissionary,good unlessandyouno give your spare hours to quiet and deDelivered at the Sunday afternoon sesvoted study. Your success will desion of the 113th Annual Conference, pend upon the spirit of genuineness, of

April 4, 1943, in the Tabernacle faith, and of humility, which characterize your words. Thousands of people

have come recently to live in Utah. Remember that the world is full of good

people everywhere, and it is for you to faith to explain the message of eternal stir up the gift of God within them.

life. They may have felt at times someIt is not only the matter but the manthing of fear, but they recall the words ner; not only the doctrine, but the man

PRESIDENT LEVI EDGAR YOUNG of the Apostle Paul to Timothy: that count. Read the Church works

with deep intent and purpose, and with

Wherefore I put thee in remembrance prayerful hearts. You will appreciate

stir the of strength gift that growing the thou of your up powGod, which own ago, sixth years of the on is in thee the putting of hands. ers. by onNinety scholar of noted my UniOxford A April, three missionaries 1853,

spirit hath us of the not For given God thirtyeight versity spent in studyyears called to to to China go were fear; of power, love, but of a of and and ing the think of of Exodus, book andcarry the to the gospel message people 1:6, sound mind (2 Tim. 7). the their scholars given have many whoof that of country. those young One

lives to of of the the study Job. book to go Stout, then you your work, a remember Regent Asmen Hosea was

first will carefully read the chapIf you that the of teaching value Universityof of depends the Deseret. your They

first ter of the in of the Nephi book Book spirit it is in the done. to to upon there Francisco, whichwere go San and With

take a sailing ship bound for Asiatic your gifts and opportunities you conof Mormon, you will see why one stuits has spent in analyzing months all classes, verseports. history with people of that of missionary and dent The

fine content. greatest and most The is thrilling the they themendeavor you show most among how may glorify

in the history of the Church. During their lives through the gospel of Jesus enduring satisfaction comes from your

indiinfluence and in your on is studies Christ. year, accepted Elder have call youthat same Lorenzo The Snow

viduals; in guiding helping them, them, inlaboring the than Italy edited printed can much larger be met and by any

Book of Mormon in Italian, and Elder ethical code or teaching of philosophy. saving them.

John Taylor supervised the printing of You put into your work your best There is something noble, something the same book in French, in the city of thought, and this dignifies your lives. ineffably rich and magnificent about

Paris. What a farreaching work was You are capable of doing better work your work. All that is expected of you

done in those early days by the missionthan ever before, for you are to give besides your labors in the field and your aries of the Church! every minute of your spare time to fillhours of study is your attendance at

When the First Presidency issued ing your minds with knowledge, for to sacrament meetings as well as your regutheir decision in 1936 that every Stake be missionaries, you must be good lar quorum and Priesthood meetings.

of Zion should maintain an organized teachers. Plan your work and devote Fulfill your missions with all your hearts

mission, the message was received by and may God bless you in your noble all the stake presidents as a clarion call. work. Look to the future. Build upWithin a few months, every stake had THE UPWARD LOOK on the past, but look to better days.

its local organization, hundreds and of By Weston N. Nordgren Striveunderstandingfor more ofknowledgethe "spiritand ofa bettertrue theirmissionaries had begun work. The

splendor of their spirit and the nobility HpHE Evening Star, a perfect light, religion."Glorify your Father in heavof their achievements have already be- * Hangs softly in the sky en by glorifying the divine gifts that

come known, for by their efforts hunSo pure, serene, so twinkling there, He has given you. Then you will have

dreds of souls have been brought to a A work of God, on high. power and strength, and people will

knowledge of the gospel. sense your sincere purposes and your

dull, reddened, blinking eyes and The abiding the testimonies of deep and call missionaries local of these The below Of industry glory the of Lord.is just the sacred important as as and of are Achievements man, who tries

call formissionaries the to of go into missionaries will accept your If you labor, learn, and know. To

eign countries. While it comes through call as a divine purpose, then you shall

the stake presidents, it is none the less How like that perfect light above, walk unafraid every day and enjoy important and divine, for the First We see the gospel glow your hours with the people whom you

Presidency has delegated the stake To light our frail and human path meet. You will trust instinctively and

presidents to attend to this important Inspire us as we go. naturally the guidance of the Holy Spiris for missionwork. in two years, learned to rely on the which The you all achievements And that we prize it

sister the accepts or a brother of strength. daysand when the your Lord May in the dust of earth, Here

call, it is a sacred promise to God that Are all progressive steps of man bless you in your sacred endeavors, I he or she will go forth with joy and Toward new, eternal birth. ask in His name. Amen.

THE WAY OF SakaiwfL By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

Of the Council of the Twelve may we, each one of us, do work for the

Delivered at the Sunday afternoon session of the \\3th Annual Conference, dead that will bless them eternally, if

April 4, 1943, in the Tabernacle they accept our service. We, also, may become saviors—"saviors on

Mount Zion."That is a glorious thought

Dearthe brethren,cause of Christ,fellowworkersI pray thatin Latterdaythat should Saints.remain Itin certifiesthe mindsto theof

I may be guided by the good claim that mankind are equally the chilspirit that has been with us throughout dren of God. It extends the doctrine

this day in the few words I may say. of brotherhood to the whole human

I should like to comment on the theme race.

which was placed before us by PresiThe Savior gave of Himself, gaVe His dent Clawson. This conference coinvery life that we might live. To sacricides, so it happens, with the fiftieth fice that others might be blessed was

anniversary of the dedication of the His word, His work, His life. Sacrifice

great Salt Lake Temple. That beautiis the evidence of true love. Without

ful edifice, made of granite and lifting sacrifice love is not manifest. Without

its spires heavenward, is an evidence sacrifice there is no real love, or kindof the willingness of the Latterday ness, the kindness suggested in the

Saints to yield obedience to the will of splendid theme discussed by Bishop

God, and to sacrifice in behalf of His Ashton. We love no one unless we

cause. sacrifice for him. We can measure the

The work done in the temples of the degree of love that we possess for any

Lord represents the culmination of the man or cause, by the sacrifice we make obligations, privileges and blessings of for him or it.

the—norPriesthood.a woman Nowithmanhim—thehas completedPriestloveAs forthe LordHis brethrengave His lifeand tosisters,prove Histhe

until cycle has hehood the received spirit of the race, show may human we blessings that offer. the to has temple have vigorously than love more we

It is sometimes that thought the work sacrifices if small will the done make we

JOHN A. WIDTSOE in the is fordone temples the aged, genealogies, our to seek out necessary

is, decrepit.and Temple primarwork for the work, time to and spend money

I ily to say, for about those enwas ourtemple the to to time to take go is important. very The Temple work in life, the affairs activegaged of for service such All dead. for selves the is to reported Smith Prophet Joseph inthose life's are the midst of who lifts sacrifice sacrifice, entail but is may printed recorded so have and said—it battle, the the young and middleaged. likethe likeness of the God, us toward is there important duty more no—that itPerhaps they most. Certainly, need Christ. Brother Jesus of our Elder ness resting Saints the Latterday than upon it is quite as for for these as those much great If Saints have any Latterday erectwe for to the which have work do we seek in their refuge in old age thewho it is Brother. Elder ideal, that of our It is interesting to temples. ed rememblessings the of temple. all for, that strive that All and we we in that the Doctrine ber Covenants, and in is the also temples for the Work all for, that pray fought and have we revelations of the collection the of some

all indead. That know. Imbedded we like is for, and more to more become the the to given Prophet Lord by Jothe temple ceremonies and endowment increase. years as days and our revelation, thereHim oldest the Smith, seph

is all of the glorious of one most the us, life, unselfishly for His first, gave As fore deals He almost wholly really the principles this truth of in given day us, door the extending open of each so the for salvation subject the of with principlethe universal salvation. of We of dead, the to salvation most of whom history, It is significant fact of dead. a

all the childrenare of His God, very our us, then to by but are names may in also, that been Brigham had Young allchildren; desires to bring and He in to be unselfishness, claim very deed this four he only valley days whenof into us back presence, into His His Christ. of followers feet spot to a a few from where camekingdom. has provided means by He of in the the meeting midst are today, substance, in and form we work, Temple thiswhich be done. has no may He in the his sagebrush, cane placed principles and and reflects the fundamentalfavorites, as except ourselves by we build shall saying: the "Here ground, of gospel to the belonging we thoughts living imperfectour defeat His may piothe High."to dig a temple Most deeply The Christ. must Jesus Lord We isdesire. great of the docone That they neers gospel. weary; and hungry were the of the taste sweetnesstrines of the unique Church; pecuand

rest; hostile desert a the food and needed about on merely cannot move toWeliar is It this people. to challenging a docin face; in midst the yet the gift full the looked them of the secure to surface failtrine, that to though a hear man may requirements they physical in of such salvation. of plan down Deep Lord'sthe earth, gospel though he upon may first temples building to the of turned realities, temple of eternal which thefail, it, it, to hears he comprehend when strength spiritual food the to and lies is and real mesone, meaning, the work after thehe yet opportunity have may provide. the that temples blessing gospel. of the sage, and life is thisthe after grave, over, to participate in the blessings of the gospel, Sometimes we forget the greatness of These are trying days, in which Satan

and to win his place in the kingdom of this work. It is a glorious thought that rages, at home and abroad, hard days,

God. you and I, ordinary men, may 'do work evil and ugly days. We stand helpIt is a marvelous and comforting upon earth that will be, is, recognized less as it seems before them. We need

thought that there is hope beyond the in heaven; that we may be as saviors help. We need strength. We need

grave. Millions have died in sorrow, to those who have gone before us into guidance. Perhaps if we would do our

and those who have been left behind the unseen world. The Lord came upon work in behalf of those of the unseen

have sorrowed and suffered, because earth and, in our behalf, in behalf of the world who hunger and pray for the they have failed to understand this law, whole race of God's children, did work work we can do for them, the unseen one of the fundamental, basic principles which will bring us eternal life and joy world would in return give us help in this of the gospel. and blessings. So, in a humbler manner (Concluded on opposite page)

AUTHORITIES OF THE CHURCH SUSTAINED, WARD AND BRANCH

CHANGES, AND DEATHS The Genera] Authorities of the Church as they were Alma Sonne, Nicholas G. Smith, Antoine R. Ivins. STAKE PRESIDENTS CHOSEN

at 113thsustained Richards, Taylor, the H. Conference: John Marvin AshLeGrand Annual O. General Park president of the Zion Graff chosen Elmer A.

Relief ton. general of Wirthlin, L. presidency Joseph Hirschi. to Claudius Stake, succeed

Society. of president the Rigby chosen Christensen George FIRST PRESIDENCY GENERAL COMMITTEE to Stake, Moss. succeed T. Hyrum

vice- L. Moyle, chairman; Robert D. Henry Judd, Seer, Prophet, Grant, and Heber and Revelator, J. River of the president Lost chosen Jensen Doyle J. director; chairman; B. Harold Lee, Marion managingPresident of Latterday of the of Church Christ Jesus Nelson. Victor Stake, to succeed D. Austin. director; assistant Romney, G. managing MarkSaints.

E. Sterling Nelson, Clyde William C. Edmonds, H. in First the First Clark, Counselor Jr., Reuben J. ORGANIZED WARDS NEW Barker. Stevens, Stringam Ryberg, A. HowardPresidency. a Stake, Seattle formed by Seattle South Ward,

First the in Counselor Second David McKay, O. division of the Anne Ward. Queen

Presidency.

a OFFICERS Stake, formed AUXILIARY GENERAL OF Pasadena by Mission Ward, Park division of the Rosemead Ward. COUNCIL OF THE PRESIDENT OF THE THE CHURCH APOSTLES TWELVE MADE INDEPENDENT WARD BRANCH Rudger Clawson RELIEF SOCIETY NATIONAL WOMAN'S formerly Falls Stake, Idaho Terreton North Ward,

Lyman, president. Brown Amy Mud Lake Branch. APOSTLES COUNCIL TWELVE OF THE

first counselor. Marcia K. Howells, Albert Smith, Clawson, George F. George RudgerRichards, Joseph Fielding Smith, Stephen L Richards, Belle S. Spafford, second counselor, with all the NEW INDEPENDENT BRANCHES

Richard R. Lyman, John A. Widtsoe, Joseph F. members of the board as at present constituted. Basic Branch, Moapa Stake.

Callis,Merrill, Charles Albert A.

vester Lee. B. Cannon, Harold E. Bowen, SylDESERET SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION TopazPort OrchardBranch, Branch,Deseret SeattleStake. Stake. Q.

PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH MiltonGeorge Bennion,R. Hill, firstgeneralassistantsuperintendent.superintendent. DEPENDENT BRANCHES MADE

Joseph F. Smith. A. Hamer Reiser, second assistant superintendent INDEPENDENT BRANCHES

the Presidency, in the First The Counselors Twelve withpointed.all the members of the board as shall be apBloomfieldReseda Branch,Branch,SanYoungFernandoStake.Stake. Prophets, to theApostles, Church as and the Patriarch

Seers, and Revelators. YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT WARD NAME CHANGED

ASSOCIATION formerly Stake, Pocatello 7th Pocatello Ward. ASSISTANTS THE TO TWELVE

superintendent. general Morris, George Q. the Ward. known Clifford Marion E. Thomas McKay, Romney, G.

first assistant superintendent. Cannon, Joseph PocatelloDEPENDENT BRANCH MADENorth WARDas Smith. Sonne, NicholasE. Young, Alma G. assistant superinFarnsworth, Burton second J.K. Pacheco on Juarez Garcia Ward, Stake—dependent

all present the as at tendent board with of members Ward. TRUSTEEIN-TRUST

Heber J. Grant, as Trusteein-Trust for the Church constituted. WARD DISCONTINUED

Saints.of Latterday of Christ Stake, Jesus membership Diamondville Woodruff Ward, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL WOMEN'S YOUNG

to Kemmerer annexed Ward. ASSOCIATION FIRST SEVENTY COUNCIL THE THE OF

president. Cannon, Lucy Grant DISCONTINUED BRANCHES INDEPENDENT Ivins, Samuel O. Antoine Levi Young, R. Edgar

first counselor. Spencer Williams, Helen Richard transferredBennion, Taylor, Stake, records K. Blaine Rufus Hardy, H. John Gannett Branch,

all the with counselor second Goddard, Verna W.L. to Kirkham. Evans, A. Oscar Hailey Branch.

constituted. at as present of the board members Stake. Blaine Branch, Valley Sun BISHOPRIC PRESIDING ASSOCIATION PRIMARY TRANSFERRED BRANCHES INDEPENDENT Richards, Presiding Bishop. LeGrand president. Hinckley, Green May MISSION TO First Counselor. Ashton, Marvin O. first counselor. Howells, Cannon Adele

Stake Wirthlin, L. of Counselor. Lethbridge Branch, the Part Second Burdett Joseph all counselor with Parmley, second LaVern W.

to Mission. transferred Canadian Western constituted. at the of the present board as members

transferred Stake Lethbridge Branch, EdmontonGENERAL OFFICERS OF THE CHURCH Western Canadian Mission.. to

CHANGES HISTORIAN RECORDER AND CHURCH WHILE PASSED THOSE HAVE AWAY WHO officers, Changes in Church Lund as Fielding Smith, with A. William Joseph IN OFFICE

last since organizations OctoberAssistant. stake,Conference—ward and branch1942 Mission, President of the Japanese Jensen Jay C.

three after served died 31, having about 1943 January SPECIAL APPOINTMENTS EDUCATION OF BOARD CHURCH years. editor the of Belle Spafford, Smith Relief Mrs. Clark, David O. Grant, Reuben Heber J. Phillip Hurst, LaCienega Harrison Ward. Bishop counselor appointed second was Smith, Society Magazine FieldingJr., Clawson, JosephMcKay, J.Rudger after havStake, 1942 22, died Inglewood December in the National the of Presidency General Woman's A. R. John Richard Richards,Stephen Lyman, L ing years. served about two Sorenson. Relief Society, Mrs. succeeding Merrill. D. Donna F. S. Bennion, JosephWidtsoe, Adam the of Superintendent General Pyper, George D. general superintendappointed E. Elder Milton Bennion Albert Callis, Franklin L.Charles West, A. 16, 1943 died School Deseret January Union, Sunday the succeeding School of ent Deseret Union SundayBowen. after as and nine superintendent having served years first Hill as R. Pyper, with Dr. George George Treasurer. D. Secretary Evans, Frank and years. counselor twentysix assistant. assistant as Reiser second A. and Hamer Bishop Oneida Glendale Jensen, Alder Ward, Oleen EDUCATION COMMISSIONER OF reorganized with Tracy Committee Music General

after Stake, served having 26, 1942 died December advanced chairman; Robertson Y. Franklin Cannon, LeRoy L. West. about years. fourteen J.late to Pyper; assistant the to succeed D. George Portland Bishop Evans, Roscoe Eugene Ward, W. SUPERVISORS SEMINARY assistant and second Cornwall Spencerfirst new named J. about after having served 17, Stake, died 1943 March treasurer. Karl Bennion, Lynn M. Wood. J. years. four

MISSION PRESIDENTS patriarch of the Bear Christensen, Peter James NEW AUDITING COMMITTEE FINANCE AND

River 23, 1943. Stake, died March to succeed appointed Wilford Adams Q. W. Albert E. Bowen, Orval Adams, W. Mission. as president of the Samoan George S. EmeryJohnSpencer, Harold H. Bennett. OBITUARIES to F. F. Lorin succeed David appointed Jones

Stake, L. Salt president former Morris, Lake Nephi of the as president MisSpanish-American Haymore CHOIR TABERNACLE

5, 1943. April died sion. Lester President. Hewlett, F.

of the.committee general Frank member of Ward, Clissold president J. appointed L. JapEdward Conductor. Cornwall, Spencer J. of the 1942. 22, program, October Church died Welfare anese deceased. succeeding Mission C. Jensen, Jay Assistant Condie, Richard Conductor. P.

Ballif, Sr., former F. of the president Serge SwissMISSION ORGANIZED 17, 1942. died November German NEW ORGANISTS former of Granite the patriarch Mission James organized NavajoZuni Mission,W. Paxman,

Asper. Alexander Frank W. 10, 1943. stakes, died Highland Shiprock, Evans, January Ralph William FebruaryNew Mexico27. withapand

Assistant Organist. Wade N. Stephens,Schreiner, of the Cleveland Peter former bishop Lars president. Oveson, pointed as

CHURCH WELFARE COMMITTEE ADVISERS NEW TEMPLE PRESIDENT APPOINTED WardJanuaryand5, former1943. president of the Emery Stake, died

John A. Widtsoe, Albert E. Bowen. Marion G. Edward L. Clissold appointed to succeed Albert H. Thomas L. Woodbury, former president of the

Romney, Thomas E. McKay, Clifford E. Young, Belliston as president of the Hawaiian Temple. Tahitian Mission, died December 31, 1942.

THE WAY OF SALVATION (Concluded from preceding page) ing our many duties, we remember to devotion to truth. It should be a great

day of our urgent need. There are more give a good share of our time and inspiration for us in our day. We do

in that other world than there are here. thought and energy to the work for not want easy days; we want days, no

There is more power and strength there which this great Salt Lake Temple, and matter how hard they may be, that lead than we have here upon this earth. We the other temples, were erected. us into the likeness of our Brother,

have but a trifle, and that trifle is taken The story of the rising of the Salt Jesus Christ, and into His presence, and from the immeasurable power of God. Lake Temple, round by round, in the His Father's.

We shall make no mistake in becoming midst of poverty and hardship, and God bless us and prosper us in our collaborators in the Lord's mighty work under the unspeakable persecution of work, and make us capable to do the for human redemption. our people, is one that will never be work which has been placed upon us,

So, my message to you, my brethren, forgotten by the Latterday Saints. It I pray, in the name of the Lord Jesus

the leaders of Israel, is that in performwill rise to become an epic of man's Christ. Amen.

great sprawled buildings were rent with earthquake cracks, and the stately place of worship had been looted. But it was a welcome, comforting spot to those footweary

Mormon soldiers. The timeless, inof the place was dolent atmosphereSam Brannan at to bodies delivered soothing now

last from the dusty, drouthridden and, UyL inferno of endless deserts. Buoyant

to soul and spirit was the commander's open recognition of their heroism.

Headquarters Mormon Battalion Diego, Mission of San MORMONS 1847. January 30,

(Orders No. 1).

The LieutenantColonel commanding, congratulates the Battalion on their safe arrival on the shore of the Pacific Ocean, and the conclusion of their march of over miles. thousand anhf two

History be searched in vain for an may equal march of infantry. Half of it has

been through a wilderness, where nothing but savages and wild beasts are found, or deserts where, for want of water, there is no living creature. There, with almost hopeless labor, we have dug wells, which the

future traveler will enjoy. Without a guide

ventured have had traversed them we tablelands water By PAUL BAILEY whointo trackless where was not found for several marches. With crowbar and pick, and axe in hand, we worked

our way over mountains, which seemed to defy aught save the wild goat, and hewed a pass through a chasm of living rock more narrow than our wagons. To bring these

first wagons to the Pacific, we have preserved the strength of our mules by herding them over large tracts, which you have laboriously guarded without loss. The garrison of four presidios of Sonora concentrated within the walls of Tucson, gave us

no pause. We drove them out, with their

artillery, but our intercourse with the citizens was unmarked by a single act of injustice. Thus marching half naked and

half fed, and living upon wild animals, we have discovered and made a road of great value to our country....

Thus volunteers, you have exhibited some high and essential qualities of veterans. But

much remains undone. Soon, you will turn

your attention to the drill, to system and order, to forms also, which are all necessary to the soldier.

By order (Signed) Lieut.-Colonel P. St. George Cooke,

(Signed) P. C. Merrill, Adjutant. 1

THE MISSION AT SAN LUIS REY, CALIFORNIA,

THE OF MEMBERS THE SHELTERED WHICH in from its march The Battalion, RESTED THERE BATTALION WHO MORMON the gained Ranch, FOR Warner's had SPRING EARLY IN THE NEARLY MONTHS TWO Part VIII 1847. OF disPacific's at point a some margin

First Diego. north tance of San chain of missionsCalifornia's from ocean the mighty view of was utilized by fornia missions upon the populace. was quickly

American army commanders Many priests had fled, and their a bluff in sight of the deserted Misas barracks facilities for the swellchurch properties confiscated. The sion San Luis Rey. Their journey

ing tide of forces engaged in the war's outbreak had come at a time southward to San Diego was partly partly Valley, the Soledad the conquest. mission era was at its very through Years before whenMexican the hills to and over crosstrails ebb. lowestthe outbreak of the Mexican War,

a large percentage of these missions Except for a few Indians who still travelworn mission route of El Cahad been stripped of sacerdotal clung to the premises, the Mormon mino Real; thence along the coast

trimmings, and were now weedBattalion found the Mission San and in full sight of the ocean, to San grown and in a sad state of disrepair. Diego deserted of life and care. Diego's Mission. Of that pulsestir-

The seesaw battle between MexiOlive groves and vineyards were ring first view of the great blue sea, co's church and civil factions for weedgrown and neglected. Walled even the grizzled Cooke lost himself

public control had effectually regardens and sequestered burial in superlatives:

duced or broken the hold of Caliplaces were tangled with briars. The better extenso, Cooke's Conquest, p. 197

Battalion marched through town.

They hid behind doors—and there

was no cheering.

With no quarters available, the

Battalion was forced to encamp on the open plain about a mile from town. The next night, a better site

was found a mile up the San Gabriel

River. This threw them uncomfortably nearer to Fremont's Missourians of whose belligerent attitude all

Mormons were aware. Animosity

boiled itself to such a bitter frenzy one night in April that the brethren were routed from blankets, ordered to fix bayonets, and stand ready to repulse an open attack of Fremont's

MORMON BOYS'men. Fortunately, no such disgraceHEADQUARTERS ful skirmish occurred, and no blood

In this room was 1S47-S shed. 3 was

asused house"a "Boarding by the Mormons who were workThat the brethren were not tooing for Captain Sutter.

worked The same Mormons favorably impressed with Los Anunder direction or control the is attested geles pueblo by theof numthat at Brannan, who Sam time post a trading had or ber of firsthand accounts whichstore in building adobe a large aboutoutside the grounds Fort have come quaint down to us. With

of redwood thewhere group and brevity, Henry Standagetrees at and truth stand now 28th

K Streets. wrote:

Of his Mormon workmen Captain Sutter always spoke very highly. They were sober, May 2. For the last two days I have been

industrious, the great and when less or more through the city or of Angels strikegold everybody and came as it is in Spanish, Ciudad Angeles, de Los digto goldwas stampeding gings, held these and they the must Mormons are say degraded most Castro. to feated under the Mexicanstheir until Sutter contract with I of beings ever professing among, was

their finished. was job Many Ameriset the Sloat, with Commodore civilized to be taught in the and Roman laterof prominent became them

in California history. can naval squadron, had taken Catholic religion. There are almost as

Monterey, and in almost simultanemany grog shops and gambling houses in city there are as houses. private Only painthis action, had ous Montgomery or 5 6 stores shops. and mechanics no A lessly Stockclaimed Yerba Buena. tolerable The road wound through smooth green sized built church, Catholic of

valleys, and over very lofty hills, equally ton's sailors and the recruitswollen unburnt brick and houses of the same matesmooth and green. From the top of one of army of Fremont had ended hostilrial. Roofs made of reeds and pitched on

first hills, the a magnifiandthese caught the was (tar outside springs close or I by may ities at Los Angeles. Pueblo de

. rare of the great ocean; andcent by flat. view pitch) The say are Roofs 3 or There some

last, bloodiest, engageperhaps and it that perhaps, calm sochance, roofs built it was 4 fashion. American SpanThe

shone as a mirror.... The charming and ments had been won by Kearny on iards in general own large farms in the

startling effect, under our circumstances, December 6, 1846, and January 8, country and keep from one to 20,000 head... could not be expressed.2 1847. of cattle. Horses in abundance, mules,

""Their rest at San Diego proved a The Mormon Battalion was sheep,the laborgoats,and &c.MexicansAlso theare Indiansgenerallydo allon

test mettle of denied a till enhorseback night. morning from They brief one. two days Within

the the are perhaps greatest in the horsemen with gagement enemy—butin open northward marchingthey were world, lance and very expert known with proved can courage in ways be

at the lasso. quartered to idle, Misagain be and are in general very They a blood. of other than shedding human profligate, drunken, set of swearing wretches, mission's Luission Rey. San The occupational served they troops As with but exceptions. very few SpanThe dirty quartersruined were and their their iards'well; that in well grog country conduct so shops with

cleaned, repaired, and made comfinal departure came amid clamor squaws is really filthy and disgusting eventhe fortable of the brethren. in is Days by time. to the carried day Gambling petition of the conquered popuand highest pitch, dollars losing often drill 500 men militaryintensive followed. that remain. lace they modern No in night, in or cash one a of 1000 head to a bit determined addCooke was

.*.. respect. cattle. such has earned army No air to martial theof ragged needed tribute offered greater to could be

army. After that, over the protests the stalwart virtues of the peaceNot the least opportunity for

Battalion the the brethren,of idleness granted was the Mormon soldier. was abiding Mormon

divided. was ordered Company B Battalion during its Los Angeles the Battalion marched But when

back to San Diego for garrison into the squalid Pueblo de Los sojourn. Already it had been partiduty. The remaining four comAngeles, they had yet to win this ally divided, with almost a fourth of

panies, with exception of a small flattering acceptance. Fremont's its men garrisoned at San Diego and

garrison forthirtyman Luis San troopers, at wild quartered Mission Luis Rey. San within now, And to northRey, the marched was Gabriel, spread San had many its of arrival, a two weeks Company Los Pueblo de Angeles—arriving to as weird depravrumor Mormon to the marched mounaway C was 23.there March ity. California the Although was tains to guard against Pass Cajon issues of already had war The all of places strangest to hate's fan the guerrilla stubbornly bands who before the decidedbeen Mormon flames, the Missourians Freof the harassed of forces American arrivalBattalion's Pacific the on Price's mont's and had commands {Continued on 305) page in In north,Coast. the Fremont two in hesitance voicing reno shown

engagements had successfully desentment among the natives. The 219,sSeewhichGolder,quotesMarchthe Standageof the MormonJournal ext.Battalion, p.

2Cooke's Conquest, p. 195 populace feared the worst when the Mbid., pp. 220221

CHURCH AUDITORS'REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT

OF THE CHURCH FOR THE YEAR 1942

Themitteereportwas ofreadthe atChurchthe finalauditingsessioncomof inTrustmaintenanceto theandSaintsoperationfor theof MerchandiseWelfare programproduceddisbursedby theby the 113th Annual General Conference. stakes and wards, mission acstake and regional storehouses..$ 334,529

Addressed to President Heber J. Grant and tivities, for the maintenance

his counselors, the report read: and operation of Church The extent to which the welfare

schools and temples, for hospiprogram is meeting the requireDear Brethren: tal buildings and relief assistments of the bishops in caring

Your Committee has reviewed the 1942 ance. for the needy is indicated by

financial report ofannual Saints. of Latterday ChristJesus the ChurchWe areof CHURCH WELFARE PROGRAM the following percentages:

happy to report that the Church is in a Church membership, stakes and Food stronger position financially than at any missions 917,715 Programproduced 67.8%

other period in its history, a condition made Amount of voluntary fast offerCash purchases 32.2%

possible only through the voluntary contriings and welfare contribubutions of the tens of thousands of its detions: Clothing

voted members—most of them of small In wards: Programproduced 54.3%

means. Fast offerings $ 568,547 Cash purchases 45.7%

The Church has held to its policy of not Welfare contributions rerunning into debt; it has ample funds for ceipted for by bishops 87,564 Fuel

its normal activities; it has given no mortIn missions: Programproduced 77.7%

gages on any of its properties and no mortFast offerings -—$ 32,923 Cash purchases 22.3%

gages are outstanding. Its position would

seem safe short of a drastic inflationary Total (all expended for reBushels of wheat stored in unsetdement, which could carry everylief) $ 689,034 Churchowned elevators 329,596 thing down. This we believe can be, and Disbursed to the needy by the Average fast offerings and welwe devoutly hope will be, averted. Relief Society for direct asfare contributions per capita

It is readily apparent to the committee sistance in their homes and for in wards $1.08

that Church funds are regarded as a sacred general welfare purposes, such trust and are being, as they have always as surgical appliances and preSummary of Church Building Program susthe health corrective prudently administered bybeen, ventive and erection, imthe for 94,128 Expended of for the carrying on authoritiestained work of: furnishing provement, and

is dedicated. welgeneral, the the Church to whichthe on carrying work For 875,193 buildings stake and $ Ward program educational fare, and submitted, Respectfully 134,741 buildings Mission 371,442 Society Relief the of 141,655 buildings. Temple ADAMS, W. ORVAL genfor tithes the from Expended 19,578 seminaries, Institutes and E. A. BOWEN, 202,771 relief local eral and 5,499 buildings Hospital S. SPENCER, GEO. the Church directly by Expended 28,166 buildings Other H. H. BENNETT, 104,712 Committee Welfare for locally raised Committee. Auditing Amount Church care hospital the for Expended 853,474 improvements building the to addition in sick the of

reported disbursed expenditures by the Church for the amount The 84,916 Total -...$2,058,306year 1942: from the tithes

In addition to the foregoing, the Church

Stake and Ward Purposes Total $1,547,003 hospitals expended from hospital funds the

For the erection of meetinghouses 30,822 persons who received asfollowing amounts for the erection and enand for ward and stake mainsistance during the year largement of buildings and the purchase of tenance expenses $1,841,671 which is an average per month equipment: Thomas D. Dee Memorial Hosof 2,568 pital, $58,517; Dr. W. H. Groves L. D. S.

Missionary Work Hospital, $12,773; Idaho Falls L. D. S. HosFor the maintenance and operapital, $42,583. Total, $113,873.

the for missions, tion of and places of purchase erection and Forest Trees for Farm Planting Statistics 31, 1942 of stakes December of worship and other buildings Number time the wards (at present same); 1,128 in the missions—916,771 Tn a "plant more trees"program, the state 143

* of Utah, cooperating with the United and 114 independent branches, or a total

Education stakes in the branches of 1,242 wards and through Agriculture of States Department the in are 38 missions Zion. There for the maintenanceExpended School of the Service and Extension the Utah Church. system.... 819,173 school of the Church Agricultural State of the Utah Forestry of

Temples College, furnishes young trees for farm Church Membership

Expended for the maintenance, planting in Utah at nominal prices: among Stakes 754,826

162,889 operation, and construction of Ponderosa Missions Cedar, Red temples hardwoodsamong 292,774 softwoods—EasternPine, and Blue Spruce; Total 917,715

Hospitals Green Ash, Siberian Elm, Black Locust,

Expended for the erection and Honey Locust, Russian Olive, Siberian Pea Church Growth maintenance of hospital buildTree, Black Walnut, and Golden Willow. Children blessed in the stakes and

23,808 missions ings baptized in the stakes Children fare (program)Included in Church Wel- 9,446 Trees,hundred,pricedmust befromusedoneon tofarmtwolanddollarsand ina 14,475 and missions

Relief Assistance Utah for woodlot, windbreak, or shelterConverts baptized in the stakes

For direct aid in the care of the belt purposes. and missions 11,547

charitable other and needy service, lowcost for this be eligible To Missionaries hospital including purposes, stock must of planting purchaser tithing funds the treatment (From who reabide Number of missionaries only. Included in Church by certain conditions prescribed as the ceived training in the missionWelfare program) 307,483 terms of the cooperative agreement outlined ary home - 643

from obtainable Circular No. 14, Forestry Statistics Social $4,187,318 in TOTAL AgriState of Forestry, Utah School the 34.3 per rate thousand Birth the from taken has beenWhich all to which Utah, College, Logan, cultural 19.4 rate per thousand Marriage funds tithes other Church and

and returned by the Trusteeinquiries should be addressed. Death rate per thousand 6.0

—Illustrated by John Henry Evans, Jr.

SUDDENLY JEAN KNEW WHY SHE HAD BEEN

UNABLE TO DECIDE ABOUT THE HOUSE

impulse, a sudden IN TIME to the curb and GATHEREDJean turned her carstopped beforeQnthe real estate office. She

found Mr. Jackson just ready to leave. By DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON "I—I'm sorry."Jean was slightly

confused, not knowing just why she this. I "It's just that doingwas she the wheel, house. she quickly before car. the Turning Turning her

let the to the have keywould you me traffic. it of Instead into drove away. back swung

it I like place? see to shouldConnelly Heights, east Hillview turning toward east Hillview turned She towardagain."

south. She the followed she highway Heights. she conImmediately was full, "Delighted."Jackson's Mr. decision. to had a must come Todd air. spring that scious the in Signs waspink excess jowls quivered with of an

little last night. tightlipped a been it. gray. denied sky noThe was A I'llgeniality. "Delighted. more do

. girls married "I of heard have who tional played with hideand-seek wind I I'll that. out.than run you was said, a little house,"a he without bits dust. of spurts paper of and Oneleaving anyway."

in grimly, love.""but they were pedestrians throwing moment were I no. think wouldn't "Oh, mean—I it cried. she "Todd,"know "You their clutching next coats the open and I that. car,of having do have you my It's just isn't that, that-—that darling. for together the them warmth. From it."I findand can

sailing sidewalk man's hat out a went it. all. at trouble from Far "No A tell she could But him when how street, into the cars. skittishly avoiding ridebrisk there with out charming a

herself, she, did not know. She wanted his owner pushed vanguard heavy The I lady. Besides, to anxiousyoung am to her Marriage, please marTodd. it after fingers his just as but wouldsell place."the

riage mistake. not Per- a prove must it in the have grasped sudden wind is,"see Jean's I—that this of bethe buying house haps had "Please—youyou it it set caprice picked up and down "I grew,confusion thought I should

her. to a That come symbol why was the aloud, sidewalk. laughed on Jean itlike alone."to see

it alone. again, see she must the that uncertainty and wrapped had at laughter with shook Jackson Mr.

her constraint, her naivete. her like a blanket lifted for the moment.

"Like to see how you'll like it when Ohe passed the business She was happy, happy, happy. She

the Mister has gone to work, huh? district, a section of apartment and loved Todd and was going to marry

Don't mind my saying it, Miss Peterboardinghouses, passed numerous small him, but life so often handed out unson, but you are refreshing. Most girls homes, and then turned to the right expected punches. Things, people,

would have jumped at the chance for down an unkept street. She stopped were so uncertain. Like Todd. He

that place. I hope,"he turned mockbefore a house set back in a big yard. looked so well, so utterly untouched

serious, "that you are not going to turn Its bricks were faded, and the paintby any—any defect. Yet there was

down our offer. It is just the location ing on the cornices was beginning to the report of his examining board. Now

for Mr. Edmunds. You know, prestige, peel. There was a big window at the he was working with chemicals in the

and all that. I've told you this before. front. In the back was a wide spreadBretherton Plant. Marriage could not

Better let me take you out."ing tree with a swing. The lawn, front be uncertain. One must make a go of

"Thank you, but it is near your dinand back, was spacious but not particuit.

ner"Well—iftime. I mayyou beinsist."late."larlyslammedwellkept.at the back,Suddenlyand Jeana becamescreen parked,Beforeandthethis Connellytime she gothouseout, lockshe

As soon as she could, Jean fled to conscious that she was parked directly {Continued on page 292)

THE LOGIC OF BELIEF subject, need scarcely go further in their There are in the book descriptions worthy (D. Elton Trueblood. Harper & Brothers, search for dependable, comprehensive inof the sublime scenery of the region; and NewwmmmYork. $2.75.) formation. Following the chapters are exthere are passages of superb emotional ap-

'T'he professor of the philosophy of relicellent bibliographies in defense of the statepeal. There is power in the book. This

first study, in Necessarily, made. ments of distinguished such gives a novel a promise * in University, already Stanford gion

the disagree reader conclusions, career. literary with may the of excellent several author books on facts the correctly the It fairly but are presented. asked, however, be why may religious to sets philosophy, here apply out

is 's collectivism to white in Since cooperation reauthor, Sigor a supply chose who belief. religious the to logic principles of

all stricted this sense, to in training appeals community, a volume man's Mormon all reliable in knowledge draws upon He Saints. chapter Latterday the caricature and people "Land should The on Mormon his establishing conclusions couragand

interest neither their practices. Stewart, of Reclamation,"Dr. adds George That by all rejects safely eously founded views not

is literature the special of to board, general the Y.M.M.I.A. book. beauty nor The the at in experience. quotes human He interest irrigated live centuries in clung to the the those has survived has which who first "Religion, chapter, the science of head

is is section. surtruth. strength chapter and of nationwide This to a enough There to refer the world."philosophy and same

is the subject, the in of to are best far as the supply they but vey weakness by men is that really the thought cementing That limithe imagination. suspects novelist's upto-date of of development summary One falls into his holds together argument, which

is irrigation to resort in there States. forces tations the of United mind when The several divisions, with chapfour each main their at in building caricature. communities of and and mode work Mormons men The ters: Belief"; of of Structure "Types "The this living, in in are clearly delineated. the desert are of book, described as manwomen Belief"; for Belief"; Theistic Evidence "The

is It all the profitable in live they for recognized reading not be made; by would who "Difficulties Belief."conclusion of and The the the earth below. nor heavens above West. The Belief in Immortality,"deals from with "The that the implication unkind Resettlement,"chapter "Rural on were by The Mormons the evidence intimations empirical from and truth. of to to formerly the Indians the not Nelson, does Dr. conform B.Y.U. Lowry

faith. of the corollary mind, as of nature and beliefs, is interest. their faculty, religious also of great from Mormons, The religious calls introduction to the book an He it is Indians the friends servthat the kindest notable Altogether a volume were often discussed, the subjects philosophy, but like authors Mr. ing need, present Several had. who, a and showing what young may religious lost to of the books reader average reto- origin, scholars of Lauritzen, are accomplished have working be by Mormon thinking, style profundity of heavy and by carispirit field in gether the the of of entered cently Mormon A. W. to clearly, the simply, are discussed cooperation.—/. here artistry, as well cature. as Simple wisdom,

intelliof reasonably understanding every the dishonfrom should them warn away CHINA OF THE WISDOM AND is It that to reader. expected gent not be books. of rubbish ored antiMormon heap INDIA yet a as accepted; conclusion be every can (Lin Yutang. York. House, A. Random New W.—/. faith of the desense defense book common 1942. pages. 1104 $3.95.)

if It well reading. serves be would wide PICNIC BOOK THE

size, earth's of the the shrinking religion Dr. followed writers Trueon more Illustrated. L. S. Fredrikson. (Clark A. With

if religious is in dealing blood's with must, methods to come, peace mankind Barnes and York. Company, New

to learn appreciate A. understand what and W. 1942. 128 $1.25.) pages. problems.—J.

of in sections other has accomplished been travel limited of and a summer With of the intolerance world. Narrowminded ELEMENTS CHEMICAL possibilities of unlimited becoming

eliminated; nations'cultures other must be Inc., (I. Nechaev. CowardMcCann, New families presentbetter with acquainted our

this a elimination through about can come 1942. pages. York. 223 $2.50.) initself, this will picnic of prove ing book

impartial inculcated respect by wholesome of in planning the better estimable worth the elements chemical discovery of better for the Far study. Probably no book THE leisure. the outplanning from Everything fasis told in simple language here and this an than can found East be volume by fires to the of of kinds various ing making disstyle. the cinating made men who The appreciates scholar and eminent knows who is this in well practical as as included book, the coveries, worldtransform- founded and heribirth cultures the Orient of the and by occasion special games, programs and in followed of are ing chemistry science the of those tage, study and Occident and by suitable contests, stunts, and even and mutruth. often for their earnest search Science adoption. sic, to speeches drama, and programmed. be reveals mysterious. This book seems how writsubdivisions, Dr. In has Lin various will worthwhile found This book be a science facts the of naturally simply and indicates introduction ten somewhich an library to the addition of famevery home inquiry. sincere follow inclusion. for of the thing each background ]. C. ily.—M.

is atthe story holds romantic and The the sections includes India, from he From scientific purend. to the tention It shows well as philosophies as Buddhist and Hindu IN COME field in to adventure. suits the of high be of humor. Indian imagination examples and inIllustrated. Frost. (Robert an With

it that should presents information Besides, great includes the Dr. China, Lin From troduction UnterLouis and comments by

this all in intelligent people possessed be by Mencius, of Chuangtse, Laotse, wisdoms meyer. Holt and Henry Company, New

is It scientific endeavor. unequalled of day addition Tsesze. In Confucius, and Motse, 1943. pages. York. $2.50.) 193

the for for bemen, reading and boys good poetry, of includes Chinese examples he is experience, always Frost an It scientist. Robert the or veteran would ginner wit, C. wisdom. and M. J.

is in his of and he books a greater none this if kind of well were books be more this, latest, his for in experience than added of direct ambitions the to wisely available INTO SUN THE ARROWS abilities his to the quality rare are own is the translated from boys. book The Alfred Lauritzen. Knopf, A. (Jonreed New

artists, other of Untercapable two Louis translator the her done has and Russian; 311 1943. pages. $2.50.) York.

and Cosgrave. meyer O'Hara John well.—/. unusually A. work W.

quarterconflict inner outer of a and disversatility Frost which Robert The THE is shall itself in talent, the Sigor, of plays but whether he breed mark Navajo, a COLLECTIVE OF DEVELOPMENT his life into insight his or as the white man, as a poignant and a spend Navajo humor ENTERPRISE set is this genius. subjects novel. apart double as the of a him The His theme University Associates. Eldridge and ( Seba

situations series has poetry to of heads: gathered allegiance leads seven been under a Press, Kansas. Lawrence, of 577 Kansas

Invitation,"the auburnof help end, with and Other an "The which Code "An $4.50.) pages.

girl, Stories,"in white for the victory haired Hired PeoOther "The and Man Mormon

THIS is a monumental study by thirty outman's blood. The problem is developed ple,""Stopping by Woods and Other

standing American scholars. It predexterously and beautifully. Places,""The Runaway and Other Anisents in condensed, organized form the esThe scene is laid, supposedly, in the wild mals,""Country Things and Other Things,"

sential facts of collective enterprises, parcountry south and north of the Grand and "An Afterword."

ticularly in the United States. The work Canyon—the Navajos to the south, and the The collection includes some of Frost's

falls into five parts with thirtytwo chapMormons to the north, in the socalled Utah's newer poems as well as the established ters: "Growth of Collective Enterprises"; Dixie. With the license of the novelist, the favorites such as "Birches,""Mending

"Fields Already Collectivized"; "Fields Unmiles have been shortened, and some historiWall,""Death of the Hired Man."The

dergoing Collectivization"; "Special Probcal facts distorted, but events and localities selection includes poems from the author's

lems"; and a "Theory of Collective Enterare easily recognized by the native westseven published volumes of verse. M. C. ].

prise."Students of this live presentday erner. (Concluded on page 295)

wmff LET MAY DAY COME MY MOTHER'S HAND WINGS

By Olive Woolley Burt By Ann Woodbury Hafen By Julene Cushing

I yesterday. highway rode God, Thy DEAR flowercrowned come! Let day MayLet of the a I looked lifted on West steel wings, plane map and so away A Today spread Maypoles

I free sailed wide into a mother's heaven and hand. my with grace benedictory ribbonarmsTheir

felt enfolding of frontier old space me. the Flesh the of arms geography was And feet of children, the whose bandsAbove there

trace angels of winging rush by, the I heard furthat the the In strong blue ridged veins led grass. realmsPatterns be Let of joy on the the colors of rainbowed touched And skin. rowed kings, freckled barefoot queens andBy sky, nails, knuckles, eddied In the weathered instead in grace, feet at rolled misty clouds The my gullied palm, and place In tyrants every grassy armed.Of soft rain's through shone sunbeams While the shaped a woman's I saw raw how West let interlace this children land,Across lace. silver hand healthBright overhead. of hieroglyphs high

As that hand shaped the West. The way was straight and clear, no crossAnd let these Maypoles boldly reassert roads there,

in faith in future children; a day lights traffic stopOur anywhere, and no No that picture deep hand map A etched—this fear slavery, or freed of want, from flight,When, conflict steady, onward marred my No a hoe, worked

hurt, I night. into turn the golden watched day for milk, bribes alfalfa scythed evening That

the gaily will greet world whole wideThe for the carried 'dobes longdreamed That I ride road today, along a manmade May; house, God, dear with crossways now; Confused faith reaffirm the symbolizeThus we irrigation's scrubbed and out That mud I pray: skies. safe, clean children dancing underBy sweat.

This steady hand that pressed the danger Give me the wise, free wings of heaven's

TURNING POINTS Deliveredtrigger,newborn, needled shrouds, and To guideflight, my earthly course of mind and

By Drucilla Thomas washed the dead. might.

SINCE God needed helpers, I yearned to work hard Through ninety beautyhungry years, MOVING DAY four generations the blessings of service, Through For of weddings the By Celia Keegan small hand reward. moved Unequaled

So I bargained with Him, A selfwilled dynamo that generated Y fragile glasses can be wrapped with to minute, Sixty stitches a forgot I almost Though care to pieces a In the changes temptings Twenty and packed in yesterday's old news. quilt block pattern, MAnd gently

Mortality brought. Forty blocks to a quilt Burlap can cover table, desk, and chair

But my mother, remembering, Of rainbow wedding rings to warm the To save smooth surfaces from rough abuse.

Patiently trod, matings. My linens may be fragrant, boxed, and neat,

One hand clasping mine While crated books may cause strong men other touched her God. While to grumble,

this In garden, an hand, Old World she opened doorway And my the in sheathed sheet a ragged piano velvetAnd white, again. memory Of it carriers careless should marred, Lest be in bride's Secreted seeds deepest a young for Thank God own my stumble. pocket, all of mothers men. And

Guarded them from hunger's blind devourAll these possessions can be moved away ing a street newnumbered named. and new To

miles six thousand hungry something that I dearly loved But must at last to fed them volcanic the black FIRST HOME ThroughAnd stay:

ash Dickey Watson Genneva By living picture bedroom window The my the Mountains. Of Rocky framed.

in trees no! cabin the This

this will for thought months, vagrant AndAh,

Is sale. for sell these: not Could we tease mind: my of labor, a bended woman's Out clear, of running waterSound left thing the those movers was "What tearful a prayers, Watered widow's by ear; for theSparkling music behind?"Stirred courage of hand, a mother's by calls bring, earlyBird mornings

And every joyous wildwood thing; The sleeping land awoke to food and flowers.

star tiny palehued mayflower'sThe MOTHER are,Springing where from mosses banks Flesh the geography of I touched West Bolin Cornwall Fay bells, silent shaking foxglovesWhite today tells true that daisy love ourThe In the erosions of a seamed weathered palm. like of a song snatch seem to me petalsIn scattered where walk we the raw shape I saw a woman's West I hurried, careless, as I heard so hand YOUThat talk. trees that secret our hearAnd that hand the shape West. And along.

These lovely things our minds enfold With an aching throat I stand and strain

To keep our hearts from growing old. To catch but an echo of that refrain.

There is no money that can buy

A home where happiness runs high.

GRAY MORNING THE BIRCHES ABy YoungEmily BarlowWriter

By Pfc. Laurence E. Estes

wake to a gray world.

I winter long they cast a shadow trees green of growing Even theALL

Is veiled clings to the tired fog—that pane window by a Upon my

And stood in quiet aloofness knees

In silent mock disdain! Of hills and houses and tall things.

But now with buds appearing, But the busy hands of the sun and breeze

They creep up close and seem Sweep and gather and swirl

To offer their friendship And lift and furl,

A.cross the bubbling stream! For gray is not meant for mornings.

The Recent Conference 3. Renewing and increasing interest in the L. D. S. Organizations

program. salvaging war In Army CampsMCHURIMIMMSMl(See Conference Index, page 259)

4. Eliminating fire hazards by a Church-

'"Phe one hundred thirteenth annual wide cleanup, disposing of useless materials atterday Saint groups have been to nasalvaging of value our anything and ** in in the following of held the organized conference camps Church effort. tional war

4, 5, meeting, for Aprilthe Salt holding sacrament Tabernacle Sunday Lake 5. cleaning tire protection Promoting by meeting. to the in limited attendance Priesthoodand and School, 6, was Men glass nails, debris from fragments, up and

General Authorities of the Church, streets, alleys, driveways, and yards around in the service in these respective camps presidencies of stakes, former presidents Church property and private homes. are urged to contact the chaplain or

of stakes, patriarchs, high councilmen, 6. Stressing the importance of maintainpresident of the organization, as listed,

presidencies of high priests quorums, ing and protecting good health through sanifor time and place of meeting.

presidencies of seventies quorums, tation. This is especially desirable in view

presidencies of elders quorums, temple of reduced medical assistance. Chaplain Milton J. Hess (L. D. S.), Navy

presidencies, bishoprics of wards, presi- 7. Beautifying Church buildings, using 8225, Dutch Harbor, Alaska.

and labor not essential to the war in ormaterials branches of independentdencies Arizona: effort. stakes, presidencies of dependganized Clyde M. Lunceford, 332 F.E.F.T. Sq..

ent branches in organized stakes, presiLuke Field, Arizona. Meetings held Weddents of stake missions, superintendNephi L. Morris Passes nesdays 7 p.m. at post chapel.

ency of the Deseret Sunday School Inquire of Post Chaplain Ziman for locaUnion, superintendency of general "VTephi L. Morris, former president tion of meeting, Williams Field, Arizona,

p.m. 7:30 Wednesday Genealogithe Y.M.M.I.A., ofboard "*'-of Salt the Stake, and promiLake Internment Lt. Williams, Florence Max commisboard,cal general Society circles in in civic Salt died Lake Meetings Coolidge, Arizona. Camp, Camp supervisors,sioner, seminary and 5. April years memCitynent night. was seventytwo He on Wednesday

bers of the Church board of education. of age. Sgt. Seaman Mills, Special Service Div.,

A number of service men attended the DavisMonthan Field, Arizona.

conference by special invitation. He was called on a special mission Lt. Col. Willis, Marana Army Air Field

in to visit the organizations M.I.A. Flying School, Tucson, Arizona. Grant attended President Heber

in Idaho and southern Utah but one, northern California:all the conferenceJ. sessions of

and, in his Sunday morning address, 1891, and in 1892 was called on a misSan Diego Area, Chaplain John W. Boud

Britain. sion to in Returning Great Society, Relief (L. S.), Head- D. Navy announced Presidentread McKay, by

District, quarters, 1895, the associated he with Eleventh San became Naval a tempurchasedthat the had Church

California. Diego, the of Stake. Salt Y.M.M.I.A. Lake foothills of East Oakland site in theple S.), (L. A. Re- G. Chaplain D. Jackson Fifteenth of Later the a he member was Bay. Franciscooverlooking San Island, ceiving Barracks, Treasure Ship in susbishopric 1904 and was Ward

California. Francisco, adSmith Fielding San Joseph Elder tained Salt the president of as Lake (L. S. S.), D. Orlando Chaplain McBride Air the of Church Columbia'sdressed position for Stake, twentyheld a he Roberts, the of Office Chaplain, Post Camp broadcast. coastto-coast halfhourin a five years. California.

is Nation the "Blessed subjectHis was Batt. Pfc. 39235409, A. Watson, Norman

is lecturer, Lord."the he Active as student and GodWhose (AntiAircraft), Artillery Coast 65th A

Howard Barker, superintendent of wrote many articles for the Church and Inglewood, California.

buildings and grounds for the Salt Lake was author of the book Prophecies of Florida

City board of education, was appointed Joseph Smith and Their Fulfillment. Pvt. H. Preston Whitehead, No. 39834545,

a member of the Church Welfare ComAt the time of his death he was servCo. A, 105 Eng. Bn., APO No. 30, Camp

mittee during the conference. ing his second term as president of the Blanding, Florida.

The golden jubilee commemoration Salt Lake City board of education. Idaho

of the dedication of the Salt Lake TemChaplain Glen Y. Richards (L. D. S.),

ple was marked by a fortyfive minute Camp Ward, U.S.N.T.S., Farragut, Idaho.

radio program over KSL Tuesday eveLouisiana:

ning, April 6. The events of the temPfc. Preston T. Marehant, 39835268,

ple construction were dramatized and Maint. Co. 42 A.R. APO 261, Camp Polk,

the Tabernacle Choir sang the hymns Louisiana. Meetings at 1:30 p.m. at 10th

heard at the dedication. St. chapel (Sunday).

Regional conferences were held Mississippi:

First Vincent,, E. Lieutenant Joseph 1 1 and on Aprilthroughout the Church

406th C.M.P. Commanding, M.P.E.G.C, in attendAuthorities 18, with General Mississippi. McCain, Camp

ance in each region. New Mexico:

Cleanup, Conservation A.A.F.,Corp. Deming,Emron H.NewWright,Mexico.973 B.T.S. D.

Program Urged for 1943 Corp. Marcel Lauper, Weather Office,

Fort Sumner, New Mexico.

npHE Presiding Bishop's Office advises conOregon points be following the * that

L. Hill, Sec. Clovis S.C.U. D.E.M.L.

cleanup camspring in thesidered 1913, Oregon. Medford, White, Camp

paigns. Meetings 1 o'clock Sunday at post chapel.

1. Conserving and maintaining property Texas:

by cleaning, painting, and repairing, thereby. Monitor C. Noyce, 2312 8th St., Wichita

relieving the employment crisis in the proFalls, Texas, Sheppard Field.

duction of those items which will thus be Clare Johnson, Class 18 O.C.S.M.A.C,

preserved and reclaimed. Camp Barkeley, Abilene, Texas.

2. Augmenting the food supply by comChaplain Gerald L. Erickson (L. D. S.),

plete support of the Church Welfare garden Office of the Post Chaplain, Camp Hood, plan. NEPHI L. MORRIS Texas.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

Virginia Sea 2/C: Rex D. Terry, Ships Co. Mess NAMES NEEDED FOR SundaySacramentSchoolMeeting 10:006:00 p.m.a.m.

Hall No. 1, Camp Peary, Williamsburg, TEMPLE WORK Fireside Social 7:00 p.m.

Virginia. ARE short of female names at Young People's M. I. A. (TuesWEthe Salt Lake Temple, as at all day) 7:00 p.m.

Washington: the temples, but have a goodly numService Men's Dance (Every

Chaplain C. Clarence Neslen (L. D. S.). ber of male names. If the members Saturday at 3705 10th AveOffice of the Post Chaplain, Ft. Lewis, of the Church having female names nue, San Diego) 8:00 p.m.

Washington. they would like done will bring them Meetings are held in the following

in, the Index Bureau, approved by wards Wyoming:

for will that the see is done work we Hillcrest—3705 Avenue (L. Robert Chaplain G. D. S.), Gibbons

least. at for the present them, MemNorth Office Francis of the Post Chaplain, Fort Park—304710thUniversity are bers research on to push urged (at UniMarlboroughE. Warren, Wyoming. Fairmount—4053 their lines. own versity)

Stephen L. Chipman, Logan Heights—2950 K St.

President, Salt Lake Temple Nat'l City—2509 Highland Ave.

Church Directory Ready College Ward—I.O.O.F. Hall (La Mesa)

For Service Men For additional information, call or

1 write 1th Chaplain Boud, John W. directory pocketsize Church A District Office, Chaplain's 441 covNaval

> States, ering the United Canada, Building, Spreckles Diego. Phone San

the British Isles, Hawaii, and Australia, M-3871 Ex411.

has just been printed for distribution to

Latterday Saints in the armed forces. New England Mission

It lists the general authorities of the Dedicates Home, Chapel

Church; names and addresses of mission HpHE mission home of the New Engpresidents presiHarris, L. mission and acting Robert land the Mission and Cambridge

Catawba dents; addresses in the of chapels that of Branch of chapel mission Carolina. misfull-bloodSouth were

sion field; names and addresses of presidedicated on March 21 by President

dents of stakes; addresses of ward chapDavid O. McKay. Both buildings were

els in the stakes; and the location of all large mansion homes before they were

chapels in Salt Lake City. Catawba Indian Members purchased by the Church and remodThe directory contains a double page in South Carolina eled. These two buildings in Cammap showing the division of the United \JiT C. Burton, of Salt Lake City, bridge, home of Harvard University,

States into missions, which is helpful in * who filled a mission to the give the Church "a feeling of permadetermining in which mission field the Southern States in 188182, has renence in New England,"to quote one service man finds himself. ceived a letter in a remarkably clear observer.

Harris, L. Catawba directories Robert from distributed hand being are The Dutch Harbor

Hill, CaroSouthto Indian service from the their Rock bishops men by Branch Created reservation the lina, relates that onalong of the with edition a pocketsize who most westerly of the branch HPhe Indians, there are 250 he lives and a compilation whereBook of Mormon A Church on the North the American Despite of the Church.Principles all members of the Gospel

war, "the missionary work will be carcontinent, the Dutch Harbor Branch, ried on by the home folks,"he writes. Unalaska, was organized in November,

Welfare Facilities Will 1942, with Parley M. Pratt as presiAid Home Canning For Service Men in dent. Although handicapped by the

The San Diego Area war, the branch is functioning and misfacilities canneries of'TPhe modern sionary work among nonmembers is United Boud, Jr., John /haplain W. carried in being the maintained forward. Welfare Church

of holding the reports ** States Navy, available are going to beprogram made Tabernacle Organist service in the for L. D. S. men supervisionunder competent to groups meetings

of Church members banding together to at the following times and in the followMakes Concert Tour do their home canning. Conditions ing places in the San Diego area Alexander Schreiner, Tabernacle

are that arrangements be made through U. S. Naval Training Station, San Diego, "organist and member of the gen-

p.m., 6:00 every Monday Room 10, eral committee, music an Church madethe bishop or stake president for use

4, School Building (Main Mahan Camp in tour extended concert February andof the at canneries are not they hours Farragut Truxton Building), Corner and cities in took to major him which March processing thebusy regufrom produce Roads separated parts widely the country of projects.lar Welfare Cans may Elliott (Marines), every Tuesday, be obCamp created favorable comand which muchtained houses. supply commercial from 6:00 Chapel p.m., Camp

in of them. each ment thus preserved usedFoods be may 6:30 Base, every Wednesday, and U. S. Marine

recitals itinerary included organ The in pointaddition the toconserved I Building p.m., Recruit Depot, D &

at College, Teachers Seward, Nebrasallotment.rationing (near Reception Chaproom (No. 123),

ka; of University Minnesota, Minneoffice) lain's canneries are those Church Among apolis; Auditorium, Toronto; Eaton every Callan Thurs- (U. S. Army), Camp in atlocated HurriSt. George, Utah Presbyterian Church, CinCovenant p.m., day, Chapel 6:00 Balcony of West Richfield, Saltcane, City, Cedar Lake cinnati; Trinity Episcopal Church,

City, Heber, Brigham, Logan, Ogden, Rifle Range), (Marine Matthews Camp Little Southern Methodist Rock; Uni-

p.m., Armorer's 7:30 every Thursday, inRoosevelt, Fork; Idaho and American versity, First Dallas; Presbyterian Building School Falls,at Pocatello, Boise, Idaho and S. chapel, Diego; L. Church, D. San

in atRexburg; Arizona and SnowMesa S. Station, Receiving Balboa U. Naval Occidental College, Pedro; San Los

flake; in Friin California (formerly at Taber; Park every Kidd), Canada Camp S. chapel, Berkeley; Angeles; L. D. p.m., Protestant day, 7:30 Chaplain's OfDiego,at Beach, South Los San Long Club, Sacramento; Morning Tuesday fice, Building 3 No.Angeles, Gridley, Pasadena, and Yuba Trinity Episcopal Church, Jose, San

City. S. p.m., Base, 6:00 U. Destroyer N. ChapLewis, Fort Washington, Elder At

lain's Office the regional Salt storehouse At Lake recital late courtesy Schreiner a played a supplementary unit is being built esMeetings and activities are also in March at the dedication of the post's pecially to accommodate these group scheduled in the San Diego Stake as new chapel organ.

canning enterprises. follows (Concluded on page 298)

jetii&uaL fundamental to Christian morality, does not mean that women, in their conduct, shall be brought

JolhsL TftothsUtA. og, ihiL tfhaciL down to the level of men—and he who, for any

cause whatsoever, would remove the mothers and "\17'oman's struggle against discrimination has potential mothers of the race from their high been a long, stubbornlycontested crusade. pedestal or who would abolish any of the safeFrom being inventoried among the properties of guards with which womanhood has been surman to being accounted equal with him in legal, rounded, has already paid an instalment on future

social, and professional rights is a distance that has disaster—a disaster that strikes at the roots of debeen traveled uphill, consuming generations of cency and of civilization itself. R. L. E.

time, and necessitating the leveling of heavily entrenched obstacles. But now the goal would seem

suddenly to have come in sight. In much of the

world at least, seemingly a woman can go anywhere her ability and persistence will take her, in Tn sorrow and tears, mother's day this year is being the professions, the vocations, or in the civic life celebrated throughout the world. No home is

of the community. free from heartaches resulting from this war, the

This is as it should be. That woman should oclike of which recorded history has no parallel. In

cupy a place by the side of man, equal in the sphere all warring countries, mothers are asking why this for which she is qualified, is fundamental. But gruesome business of killing should continue; why

somehow the suggestion of a cloud seems to have in anguish and pain, they should bear sons the appeared on the horizon. Is it possible that this ultimate destiny of whom seems to be death or

newfound freedom has come so fast as to overworse; why death must thus defeat life.

balance in large numbers the potential mothers of One fictitious hero made the statement that there the race? Is it possible that freedom to a certain would always be wars because men liked wars;

wellknown type of emancipated womanhood women didn't, but men did. If that is true, then

means freedom to assume the vices as well as the women, the mothers of men, should build more privileges? This question is prompted in part by surely that they can counteract this seemingly in-

a startling summarizing statement in the Annual herent tendency which makes men desire to fight.

Bulletin for 1942 of Uniform Crime Reports, reChildren must be taught to preserve this comcently issued by the Federal Bureau of Investigabativeness so that they may assume their position: tions in the world as adults, that they may not

be timid and cowed, unable to meet adverse situFor arrests of persons less than twentyone years of age, ations. But they must likewise be taught that

males decreased 3.6 percent and females increased 55.7

percent. The fingerprint cards received representing females this combativeness must not obnoxiously predomunder twentyone years of age arrested for prostitution ininate their entire thinking and acting. They must

creased 64.8 percent; for other sex offenses, 104.7 percent; learn early in life the nice distinction about the

for vagrancy, 124.3 percent; for disorderly conduct, 69.6 things for which they should and should not fight.

percent; and for drunkenness, 39.9 percent. Mothers can, with prayerful wisdom, indicate

how this pugnaciousness maybe turned into worthy

The wartime increase in crime and delinquency among channels. Men need to fight the weaknesses withgirls spotlights the need for redoubled and women efforts in themselves, the evils which arise in their comfront clean, and strong. wholesome, to keep the home

munities; they need to fight intolerance and selThis warning, which comes from the Departfishness and greed; they need to fight against the

ment of Justice, might well find reverberation in the ravages of disease and the disasters of nature.

pulpits, in the armed forces and governmental Men need to fight for righteousness and for equalcircles, and in the homes of the nation. Here is ity of opportunity; they need to fight for the true

evidence of a condition that is polluting the very brotherhood of man and the righteous worship of fountains of life. Whether it be blamable to war God the Father and His Son, Jesus Christ.

and all its unholy brood, or whether it be merely Women have a sure vision of kindly ways;

the acceleration of an already established trend, is mothers, especially, know the value of love. They

perhaps a matter that remains to be decided, but are the first teachers of men. If they look well to

whatever the causes, every agency that has a voice that teaching, they will see their careful tendance in such religious, and sobear the fruits of kindliness, tolerance, service, and matters—governmental, cial—must move with determination and with farlove for all mankind. When they succeed in their

seeing wisdom in all matters affecting the timeteaching, wars will cease, and peace will become a honored and protected status of womanhood. Equalmatter of course in the way of life. Then mothers

ity of the sexes, a cardinal principle of the gospel of may feel that they have lived to the measure of

Jesus Christ, implies the equal purity of men-—not their greatness in helping Christ's plan come to

the debasement of women. The single standard, pass.—M. C. /.

Prayer must accompany desire in the quest for a testimony.

Third, an effort must be put forth to learn the gospel,Evidences and to understand it, to comprehend the relationship of its principles. The gospel must be studied, otherwise no

its test of truth it. sanely be applied to may study Thatreconciliations must be constantly wide continued, and for the content

is illimitable.IxvL dfow Wlm cl of Ittheis agospelparadox that men will gladly devote time every

will art, yetJ&Atimjontf. jcL thsL Jhuitu dayexpectfor tomanywin yearsa knowledgeto learn aofsciencethe gospel,or an which com-

x> JthfL $joAp&L jl OJbicuwicL? prehendsglances atallbookssciencesor occasionaland arts, listeningthrough toperfunctorysermons.

\llembers of the Church frequently "bear testimonies,"The gospel should be studied more intensively than any school or college subject. pass TheyLVA opinion who on that to they the other. declare one They know the gospel it without having given intimate careful and the to voicethe restored gospel joy found true; and be study are not lovers of truth, their and opinions arein gospel. the of the possession worthless.

of certainty testimonies are bestatements of Such is important So the gospel, the guide to conhumanlief. that the united experiences imply and powThey

it duct, that would be for well every lover of truth toers truth gospel. the or the confirm the of of man woman set fifteen aside to thirty minutes daily for the study is ruling dismissed. the Faith power. becomesDoubt of the gospel. regular Such in study will a few years faith consists in the of as testimony Father God A yield mastery of principles. gospel

spirits in salvationof of divine of the then a men; plan secure testimony, a then, To study must accompany all Christ, the the atfor Jesus, head; with men, and desire prayer. and

finally in of the restoration the gospel plan the and or Fourth, the gospel must be into the pattern woven the authority instrumentality of thePriesthood through life. It of tested in must be practice. gospel The must Smith.Prophet Joseph

life. in be is used the ultimate That test in the winning learned the the unlearned, the youth and and The of testimony. a

testitheveteran, high the such and a bear humble may theoretical The acceptance the of of tithing law has alike. learns truth one the through Eachmony his really life. no meaning in Only the when law conviction the each powers. one come may Toown fair can it. judgment be passed upon of The Wordis obeyed its is claims.that of the the gospel truth substance and

discussed be Wisdom may pro con, and but obedience in rich learning able experience, man, be andThe may it to will its reveal true value. only test The to way his belief for the evidencesto than adolmarshal more the value of attendance at is meetings to attend meetlad; but, tested sinceescent both with the gospel have ings. "live must the One gospel"to its learn of truth. it their atthe found wanting, command, not means and Certainly, the experience others of conhave who testitheir for respect claim boththey separate may sistently gospel obeyed is requirements of value the tomonies.

after seeker testimony. a Children are in wise accepttruth conviction the gospel, the testimony, of of a A ing the experiences their of parents. Beginners do if it is It to found. soughtmust does be not be come well to trust those are seasoned in living. who gospel it heaven.as battle requires the from with Often dew But, there time a comes every when person find musttraditions, opinions appetites, former long and a and for out himself, his in life, daily the own value of thetesting of the gospel available every fact standby and gospel. sufficient testimony comes only to A him who is gift of faithard. "Faith a but must used God,"be "stands his feet."upon own

it lets ofto service rain man. the to be Lord upon The are There those to presume who the judge gospeljust is unjust, field the but only well and he whose the testimonies and of Church members upon purely is benefited the sky. moisture theplowed from by

theoretical grounds. not They do strong have a desire Specifically, in his must quest a what person do for truth, will not pray, will nor they give ample studyfor testimony? a

to the system. all Least will of they practice prethe First, is there desire truth. for the be a must That of cepts the gospel. Such judges deserve perhaps more all progress. ofbeginning desire to the human The know pity ridicule. than Their is method in without honor insistent,truth the of be gospel must constant, overhalls the truth. of

It force. burning. drivingwhelming, a must be A testimony of the truth of the gospel A then, comes, attitude"devilmay-care"will do. not Otherwise, the from: Desire, Prayer, (1) Study, (2) and (3) (4) willseeker price the required not for the testimony. pay

Practice. it. testimony Saul, those desire to only comes who A is really This the formula given the Moroni, by Christ, of sincere inas his an persecutions. enemy was

As his desire for truth developed, the Lord could bring Nephite prophet:

to him the conviction of his error. And when ye shall receive these things, I would exhort

that you ye ask would the God, Eternal in Father, the name if Desire must precede all else in the winning of a testiof Christ, these things are if true; not and shall ye askmony. with a sincere heart, intent, with real faith having in Christ,

Second, the seeker for a testimony must recognize he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the his own limitations. There are truths beyond the material Holy Ghost.

universe. Indeed, a testimony may be said to begin And by the power of the Holy Ghost ye may know the

with the acceptance of God, who transcends as well as truth of all things (Moroni 10:4, 5).

encompasses material things. The seeker for a testiThousands have tried this approach to truth; and

mony feels the need of help beyond his own powers, have found the testimonies they sought. So far, no

as the astronomer uses the telescope to enlarge his one who with flaming desire, sincere prayer, earnest natural vision. The seeker for a testimony prays to study, and fearless practice, has sought the truth of

the Lord for help. Such a prayer must be as insistent "Mormonism"has failed to find it. Some, for lack of

and constant as the desire. They must move together courage, though truth stared them in the face, have

as the palm and back of the hand. Then help will kept it to themselves. But, the approach never fails,

come. Many a man has strayed from the road because so declares fearlessly the Church of Jesus Christ of

A. W.his desire has not been coupled with prayer. Latterday Saints.—/.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

GET OUT OF DEBT sultBeforethe localbeginningDefenseto Council'sgarden, Garcon- tationOffice Operations,of Foreign Reliefhas said:and"TheRehabiliene-

den Committee, the County Agriculture my have used and will continue to use

Some Pointed Advice from Extension Agents, vocational agriculhunger as a club to complete the enPocatello Stake ture teachers, experienced local gardslavement of the people they have aleners, members of the local Welfare ready subjugated. The policy of

coming line recommendations with Tn Nations other United the and America committee.

"* general regional Church our from and is opposite. direct the also assistance can get valuable You stake presidency Authorities and our of principle great the human "Under publications the from of the U. S. Decouncil passed unanimously high help themselves, others to helping we in of the partment Agriculture Washington,

following recommendations necessities of other use food and must writing. simply Available publicaby

We appeal to all members of the Church tions include: lifeand asoverwhelminga real weaponvictoryto win.. complete. and to

in the Pocatello Stake, TO GET OUT OF 1. Victory Gardens, 2. The City secure the peace which must follow."

debt getting in out assist of To DEBT. 3. Garden, Garden, The Home Farm—March of Time. following: a complete the make we suggest 4. Insects Diseases and of Garden

resources; income budget survey family of

5. Vegetables, DiseaseResistant Varretire to plan a out expenditures; work and

ieties of for the Vegetables Home time; possible excut shortest in the debts

penses to a minimum; turn all possible inGarden, 6. Hotbeds and Coldframes,

come toward the payment of debts and do 7. The Home Fruit Garden.

not incur any new debts while paying off Payment for Handy Hints used will be old ones. one dollar upon publication. In the event

submitted, idea are with the same two of debt, ever out to be hope If we we America's Food Crisis that will earlier receive the postmarked the one take advanmight should with whole our be returned, can of the ideas to dollar. None shipments of of food period present the of tage improved Lendlease

consideration. careful will receive but each prices steady to employment farmers and for our allies are not responsible

at good wages to others, and be willing United States food shortages.

the luxuries of sacrifice and our some to is earthe oneeighth of food Only necessities. urge call Further things we we stitch or of knot net crochet any made A bigfor abroad. shipment marked The all for undebt of to out keep everyone elastic stitch to threaded large cover with shortfactor socalled in gest our food things. speculative or necessary fish in goldfish the keeps and bowl keeps

is are this: Millions of age Americans indebtedcontemplating are Those who If colored them. harming anything from

first in those the for time properly fed being have confrom seek advice ness you authorities. in, local stake or your their the lives. brought Global has war threadalso.—Mrs.is used,U. H.,it givesHagerman,a decorativeIdaho. effect their that farmers urge grow own a fidenceWe face face States to with United

soil will produce. especially your what food, getting pies berry soggy, from To keep Fighting leveledoff of living. standard

stamps. Cooperate and bonds defense Buy soft, melted, crust with not spread bottom first forces preference, get workwhile agricultural state agency federal with and crisp. will butter, crust your be bottom and ers of eating standard enjoy a new programs. little crust a with top Brush and cream

rationing. the food subject to meet To sugar that develop farmers recommend We the to the States turns United golden lands not problem, pastures; farm some now more dissolved,brown.—Mrs.and O.it /.willA.,beSacramento,flaky and

Britain. has of experience farmer The California. into pasprofitably utilized be made may

tures. Also farm machinery of every kind been called upon to surpass alltime

silk in hose, to stop order In run a your the for renovated repaired and should be highs. exPresident production But

in purse. small of glue carry tube your a that everyseason's work. recommend We novelist Bromfield Louis and Hoover

little of to the each and a run end Apply possible a garden and wherever grow one further that unless receives he warn until will can hose be saved wash you as family living of the as produce much help, the succeed. cannot program To your the the hose. glue out L. E. and mend for G, possible, also extra produce and some

the Welfare program. recruit a new Land Army, the GovernSalt Lake City.

ment has instituted a campaign of and ask bishoprics quorum sauce or apple butapple making We kindly When to figure presidents to get out a way this education.... ter, preserves and strawberry add a cup of

message over to your members at an early you will be surprised at the new flavor and date. Cecretary of Agriculture Wickard the beautiful color. (A small can of straw-

H. W. Henderson, has said food will win the war and berry Jeli-O Freeze Mix will serve as well

Stake President. write the peace. "What food?"asks as the preserves.)—Mrs. /. C. P., Medford,

Bromfield, pointing to the fact that raOkla.

tioned America today can hardly feed crack peel hardboiled eggs easily, To population. her own all the hands the over, roll between egg

of over an have army "We mustBefore You Plant the and quickly.—Mrs.to loosen shell, M.thenB.,takeParker,it offArizona.easily and 11,000,000 men,"say War GardenA

Navy departments. To restore hard, lumpy brown sugar to its

that plot of family has a good the quality soft of original put simply bagpVERY neither ship could army such an "We,L/ the along with in sugar bread your box soil, facilirrigating with adequate it it there,"nor feed overseas got when it night. Although leave over bread andities climate help a satisfactory can and closBromfield. protests are "Farms soft is the closed, sugar becomes the bag total a growing supplyour food by all ing because the over country down free from N. and Swan J., R. lumps.—Mrs.garden. skilled their draft the taken boards have Idaho. Lake,

But remember, unusual demands are hands. Farmers can't get fertilizer, farm

If allergic as to are you fertilizer, of supplies metal—suchbeing our on made repair parts to machinery, or what even

the the of back jewelry and insecticide, is nationseed, energy. disapwatches—paint and have. they food supply The Our polish. nail B., colorless jewelry with H.

it is afford to replaced. faster them.cannot pearing being waste have than you Arizona. Holbrook,

: is real the time the the tragedy by And start before Therefore, gar- a you

it wallpaper, brush with remove To warm it fall this finds can't public get out is soil toden, sure adequate be your the using water, all the water alum alum it late will to too anything food, be do start, job. be a once And, gooddo you will dissolve. whitewash with a Apply

it."about folthesure to perseverance you have it brush. will dry, the Let paper and come

low it through. Herbert H. Lehman, director of the off very readily.—Miss E. N Rigby, Idaho.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

BIBLE QUIZMOTHERS

(Questions found on page 266) LIFE WITH "JUNIOR"by S&CC, the Borden Cow 1. Eve. Genesis 3:20

2. Sarah. Genesis 17:16 3. Rebekah. Genesis 27:6-27 MV QUESTION IS, HOW CAN A FELLOW

4. Samuel 2:19 Hannah. I 4:26 KEEP HI9 FOLKS FROM USING ALL HIS Galatians 5. Jerusalem.

6. 5:7 Deborah. Judges

7. departed, Ruth stayed. BORDEN'S EVAPORATED MILK Naomi. Orpah

1:8-16Ruth mother of Sisera. Judges 5:28 IN THE COOKING?"8. The

9. Elisha multiplied the widow's oil.

2 Kings 4:4-7

10. The sins of Jerusalem. Ezekiel 16:44

By Josephine B. Nichols

en us and recipes that are high in nu-M trition and low in points.

Breakfast

Stewed rhubarb Cooked cereal Top milk French toast Marmalade Milk

Lunch Navy bean soup "90 minute"rolls Butter Molded Waldorf salad Cookies Milk

Dinner Grapefruit juice Savory creamed chicken Mashed potatoes

Buttered green peas and carrots

Spring salad Whole wheat bread Butter Frozen lemon pie "90 Minute"Rolls 2 yeast cakes Yx cup lukewarm water %J4 cupcup evaporatedhot water milk 3 tablespoons shortening 2 tablespoons sugar 1 teaspoon salt 1 egg 3 J2 cups enriched flour Dissolve yeast in J cup lukewarm water. For

Add shortening, sugar, and salt to milk and water, stir in 1 cup flour, whip until smooth.

well, welldissolved yeast and mixAdd add vitamins... minerals..

flour until smooth.beaten Add egg and mix

small amounts at a time until no more can be stirred in. Remove spoon, and knead dough and allround food value

thoroughly, adding just enough flour until dough does not stick to hands. Remove

dough to board, knead thoroughly but lightgive your family ly until the dough feels satiny and looks smooth. Cover with a cloth and let rest on

board 15 to 20 minutes. Roll out and shape

sheet, baking greased into rolls, place on oil, until "MILK WHITE"EGGS let rise cover, lightly withbrush minutes). in to (about 30 40 bulkdouble fried, boiled; minutes. No matter how you serve them—poached, to (425 F.) 15 20 oven Bake in

Makes 2 dozen rolls. in salads, cakes, omelets, etc.—you'll like them for their

Molded Waldorf Salad uniformly choice quality.

1 package lemon flavored gelatin 1 cup boiling water 1 cup cold water l*MILK WHITE"EGGS are a product of 1 cup diced apple Y2 cup diced celery Utah Poultry Producers'Cooperative Association 34 cup broken walnut meats {Concluded on page 292) Cooks'Corner {Concluded from page 291) Dissolve gelatin in hot water, add cold water and chill until slightly thickened.

Fold in remaining ingredients. Turn into

individual molds and chill until firm. Unmold on crisp lettuce. Garnish with mayonnaise.

Savory Creamed Chicken

2 tablespoons fat 1 tablespoon chopped onion 34 cup chopped parsley 6 tablespoons flour 3 cups chicken broth 1 cup evaporated milk 1 teaspoon salt TRY THIS RECIPE: 1. Mix I e. cubed 3 cups diced chicken

1 c. turnips, chopped carrots, 1 c. cubed for a few minthe fat onion cook In the

I pimiento canned pepper, c. chopped green thoroughly. blend flour in Stir and

1 Cover onion, chopped. medium and

the milk. stir the broth 2. Drain, in and Cook min. 20 water; boiling cook about with Thenutes.

sauce. 1 for c. white vegetable salt, water saving thickened, add until and smooth sauce

1 mixing c. 3. flaked Salmon,* canned Add thorchicken. Heat diced parsley, and 4. into Pour over a casserole. well. Turn

white sauce made of 4 tbsp. butter, 4 tbsp. oughly and serve.

c. vegeFLOUR, ENRICHED "Al"GLOBE

salt table and1 water, V4 Sift 5. andts P- Frozen Lemon Pie pepper, TOP 1 WITHc. milk,PASTRY.1 tsp.

ENRICHED "Al"measure GLOBE 2 eggs this famous use you (When1 c. FLOUR. cup sugar allYi will pastry flour, your you purpose know

juice crisp, ]A, lemon and tender, cup success grand a be—

c. shortenin tsp. flaky.) Cut Add 1/2 grated lemon rind teaspoon Yi 4 to 6. (3 cold water>/3 coarsely. ing salt.Add

1 milk evaporated cup 7. Roll together. until particles tbsp.) hold

crumbs cracker to steam allow graham gashes to cup Cut to Yi or use pattern cardboard escape.fit top. 8. Make

of double boiler, rein top yolks to fish from Beat egg cutter cut designs cookie top, crimp place on and maining dough grated lemon juice and sugar, lemon add degrees) 9. in (450 hot oven edges. Bake thickuntil water boiling over rind. A-1 FOR Cook minutes. 25 about

constantly. stirring minutes, 10 ened, about EVERYTHING substifish fresh be or cooked "Tuna may cool. Beat egg heat and from taste. to for seasoning salmon. tuted Vary BAKE Remove YOU Chill custard. stiff into fold until and whites

evaporated milk in refrigerator tray, pour into large bowl and beat until stiff. Fold

into custard mixture. Butter refrigerator

tray, sprinkle with J4 cup cracker crumbs, pour in custard mixture, sprinkle remaining lJOJJL refrigeratorcrumbs on top.about Place4 hoursin beforefreezingserving.unit of

are in good company Gathered in Time when you read {Continued from page 283) ing the car door after her. As she

See Your Agent thewent welltrimmedup the short walk,lawn,shetheglancedexactlyat for TIPS that The placedboth sides.shrubs,Mr.the Jacksoncorrect washousesright.on

IMPROVE TRIPS This was just the house for a man of Todd's earning capacity, only—only* Avoid heavy crowds and have a better Improvement—! At the front door she used the

trip by traveling in midweek instead of key Mr. Jackson had given her. She

inside. went adyour Seeweekends. bus agent—in carefully, inspected each room She ERA early. Travel light ticketsvance. Buy into cedarpeered cupboards, opened

and be on time—it's a patriotic duty! Now Going Into 79,000 linedment closets,and outevenintowenttheintobackthe baseyard.

Homes Nothingone incongruity,escaped oneher; mismatchedbut she saw notdetail. The house might well be called

12 issues $2.00 "Unprecedented Fulfillment."It just

did not seem possible that any young couple could begin married life in a

taken leaving had hated have union pacific house so complete. Mrs. Connelly must

it it. to be care of was such good it.NowShe 50 North Main Street

it. there if she hers, wanted And Jean's, STAGES Salt Lake City, Utah were only ten days left. Ten days. An

upsurge of happiness enveloped her.

BUY U.S. WAR BONDS Todd was so right, and yet

She went to the big front window

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

GATHERED IN TIME and pulled aside the draperies. The "Todd."At the very evident pain (bhinlc

city lay sprawled below. As she in her voice, his heart leaped to gladwatched, two neon lights switched on. ness. It couldn't be that she wanted

Soon now the semidarkness would something better. Whatever it was,turn to pin points of light. It was fascithis shadow must be expelled now. MAIDOBARLEY

nating to watch. In the valley at home With one finger he lifted her chin. AND WIN THE

the lights were so far apart. "You know me, Jeanie. 'Whither

Suddenly the brick walls, the conthou goest,'I am the man you promcrete walks, the electric wires and ised to marry, remember?"

lights faded, and she saw in fancy the view from her bedroom window at "As if I could forget; and, darling,

home, hers and Cherry's, her yearyou must be satisfied. If you want toaparttwin. take this Let's sit on the front NERVES

step a few minutes."

Their room was on the second floor and faced south and west. In the blue They sat on the top step. A few

distance were the Owyhee Mountains minutes passed but she said nothing.

where lights and shadows played a "Todd,"she asked out of a long continuous game of tag. Near was silence, "what do you remember oftenthe grove where, as children, she and est about your home?"

Cherry had hunted birds'nests, built playhouses, and hidden in breathless "Which one, Sweet? There have

suspense from the younger children. been so many."

Lazy afternoons she had spent in the "So many homes?"

crotch of the old Cottonwood with a book and her dreams. To the right of "So many apartments, then. Why?"

the grove was the eternal pasture "lam wondering what memories our where generations of Old Brindles had children will have?"

their in heelskicked and raced up infectious His quick laughter rang wellbeing. feelbovine the could Jean

out. strolling couple up by looked A feet, her see bare the on and marksdew

in smiled understanding. and frost shoesher silvered made had when

the grass. "Every child has memories. Why

This view, these things she was seeworry about the particular ones ours ing in her mind's eye were so fixed, shall have? Isn't that a form of living

so permanent. They were the warp in the past?"

and woof of her being. They were "That is the point. The past is

her anchor to which troubled spirits never really past. It is always part of

might cling, and clinging grow calm the present and the future. What

again. All had been part of her prepmemories from your childhood help

aration for the hour that was nearly you when you are discouraged or out come. hour when she The and or, just uncertain? Just Todd of what work, Uncle needs us strong... in body, Samstarted building together. strucThe never when you have you remember do nerve. mind and is a MAID-O-BARLEY

ture must be just right. ridden on loads of sweetsmelling but deliciouskeep the healthhealth drinknecessarythat willfor thesehelp youtryprickly loads of hay? When you've ing wartime days.

never been pulled out of bed at dawn Absolutely Caffeine Free r\ long running stride on to go to the pasture for cows?"Not Rationed

the her walk brought abruptly to back "To be truthful, Infant, my most YOUR GROCER HAS IT1 present.the She a cab pull saw away

from the curb. She went quickly to vivid remembrance is mother's voice Roasted and Packed by

the door and released the lock. saying, 'Hurry, dear. I must catch the

"Uhhuh. Caught you redhanded."eightthirty.'Believe me, there are WISDOM FOODSImmediately she was in Todd's arms. memories—and memories."150 Pacific Ave.

The shadow of a doubt passed fleetingly "I know. That is why I must be so Salt Lake City, Utah

over his face. "I had a feeling you sure about the house."

would be here."He scratched the back of his head.

He paused, obviously waiting. She "I don't get it."

withdrew from his arms. She rose abruptly and went back Two books that will

"You're funny,"and now the doubt into the house. Todd followed, his be welcome on every

it his voice.edged take easy always "Does length looming beside her in the front

semidarkness. I so long don't to decide?you remember your being so uncertain about me; This Day and

or, was I easy?"Always $1.50 knew Jean Ouddenly why L. Richard By Evans "Silly. at you, once about knew decide been she to unable about had Hills the $1.50 Unto thebut don't Todd, know. dining house. house—I—II the room. There was no L. Richard By Evans if atwould anmind looked you we seeing the weighing been had She and kit service In the fireside shelf the or onother place?"is of for the reading in problems dining of the terms house room at—here

of the for day, the quiet hours and "I shouldn't about the mind house other home. held such room memNo evening.

particularly, but, look for her. ories living here, Jean,"by room The or Prepaid had Order Now—C.O.D.from lines aboutnow the laughing his mouth for formal reserved been occamore

had settled a little grimly. "Let's get sions; but the dining room had been CO. THE BOOKCRAFTthis straight. sure family Are you you are the sanctuary and proving

Office Post 63 Box Inot using the house excuse? as an ground. tell of plans it could Salt City, What Utah Lake

know I'm no prize package."(Continued on page 294)

I

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

GATHERED IN TIME {Continued from page 293) is in the back. See the dining room

and disappointments; violent arguwindow where the light is shining?"

table. the dining room Jean And wouldother house? the buying You

see the family it with seatedWho Has Written mentscould and fierce loyalties. "What does that have to do with this."unlike for n't a place At the want

dinner. Dad at the head, with Jim and intentional note of scorn in his voice

the truly great, Burley, the big boys on each side. she stiffened.

Between Dad and Jim, at the corner, "Please. Don't draw away."His

chair high stood holdalways had tightened. her that "Can about arm was the adequate, the ing current the baby. Larry had been is troubling you?"what you tell me

it. last the to use always had Dad halfdon't she know,""I—I feeder been at baby haying even times. I be "I whispered. only must know

Quiet Jim had always pinchedhit when sure. The world is so full of confuto or away. Dad was busy Next loudsion. secure make44MORMON"stay? home can we How blustering Burley had once been Kate's the unless children have for our we

place, the sister Jean could just rememright kind of a house?"

it later had Dora with beSeveral Americans have ber. Tom "Home is where the heart is,"he tween at the her and Mother, othertried. quoted. end. to Next place, was Cherry's Jim

At least one critic says it will thenThreeJean's.times a day in summer and at be "Buta heartthat tois thethe point.home. ThereThere mustisn't

never be written. least two in winter all of them had been any to the Connelly house."Then, as

in their places. There they talked and coherently as she could, she told him

its at dining about the home; room how plotted kept mum, and exposed, Do you agree? Have you in of untimes strength held her had praised and blamed. the There day's

read: work, or the season's was discussed in certainty; how its prayers had weakdetail and each given his or her part. ened temptation. She must have that

"Little Lower Than the Closely knit, one in ideals and loyalties, for her children. Children could not

Angels"yet ten distinct entities. How that table always be home, so home must follow

had welded them together. them.

"And Never Yield"It was around the dining room table that Burley had taught her to dance. s he listened, the hard "Giant Joshua"At the dining room table Jim had helped lump of uncertaintyA within Todd be-

"This is Freedom"herAt thewithsamearithmetictable Doraand hadlatertaughtalgebra.her ganher talkto relax.of memories.He understood,It had beenpartly,his

to "do"her nails. There was still a memory of apartments and moving that

"Desert Saints"mark on it where Larry had overturned had made the Connelly house so apthe polish. Kneeling before that table pealing to him. He understood, too,

The following books give you she had learned to pray. for the first time, whence came that

background and foundation to apTodd waited while the dusk of the something special about her, that richroom deepened and Jean basked in ness of belonging he had loved from preciate and judge: richness of feeling, in a kinship with the beginning.

brothers and sisters. He sensed it but Yet pride and love were confused in

Daniel Hanmer Wells was no part of The dining roomit. had given somehehim.couldIntoneverher morerichnessthan ofmerelyexperienceenter.

Essentials in Church History thing that was inextricably a part of Where did he fit in? Or did he? Grantwhat she was and would be. Could a ing she was what she was because of

Teachings of the Prophet breakfast nook do as much for her her background, her memories, was the family? it the important? so house was Or Smith Joseph no,"she cried "No, sharply. aloud family? she heart a make would What

it. "I I don't don't want I why. know for minute. house. a any Hey. Wait Smith, American Joseph An don't it."want believed something. he had He Prophet a Without word her took arm, Todd said, "Listen, "in he any Sweet,"and they out, locking went the door other family house have your would of the Presidents Church after them. In silence, he the opened the been same?"car for her door then and went around face quickly him. to turned She By of History Comprehensive slid in and behind the wheel.

light street the could the from he lamp to?"he his asked "Where and voice the Church startled the see in eyes. look His her tight hard. was and

assurance grew. she For own a moment "If I don't mind, you like should of to History Documentary him. faced this go way."directions gave She and the Church "I see Yes. mean. you what I—after awhile they before were the oldish

I so. think of it."sure am house she earlier had watched in the

list for our price Send;;why?"evening. parked They back where just think "Why? Why, because—I they could see without being seen.

It is been. have would hard we

mind,"you "Would he asked at imagine us other any way."

"telling DESERET BOOK length, to this is all me what it "Isn't the because builders, your about? And what about this downat- parents, would have built similarly

theheel place?"lived?"wherever they had COMPANY Because words always came hard to "But house such a part of was 44 East South Temple Street her, slow to reply. she was us. important."It was—isthe

Salt Lake City, Utah "This place reminds me, just a little, "Yes, but only to shelter that intangof home. The big yard, the tree with ible thing that is built by the spirit.

the swing. You can't see it now, but it Your parents built a house that would

Wartime GATHERED IN TIME of the they expelled her the again, werecover sweet needs Jean home come IDEAS MEM relief. in it?"that Isn't sigh ofcreating. breath a huge The to Yours! From My Table

it. little eloquently told act very so Yes. had Yes. That was Modern

houses were built for modern families, what he had tried to say. Vitamin Punch: Mix

not for the oversize, romping, mindof- "Let's go,"she said in a small one pint of Tea Garden itsown family of which she had been whisper. Pure Concord Grape Juice

the juice with of 2 lemons to nearlya part. eyes back Todd's were were Wait. town when They

oranges. and 2 the Add in reserve her more. of something broke a rushmeaning had There words grated rind orange, of one

in that other diningnot over each room. For been a tumbled always it. like her and sugar if you iced. Serve Tea

some years after moving on the farm, eagerness to get them said. Garden Maraschino Cherries add color

there had been but three small rooms. "I think it was the newness, the and flavor.

The house served only as a means for completeness of the house that puzzled SUNDAY NIGHT SUPPER the fulfillment of the parents, what me. It was too perfect to be real. It Chicken Shortcake

they were and what they wanted to left nothing to go on to. I felt the Fresh Vegetable Salad Bowl

be. The house was the home materialsecurity of my own home and shortHot Biscuits Tea Garden Currant Jelly

ized. sightedly looked for a parallel. Of Lemon Ice Chocolate Cookies

At that moment the front screen of course it was not the house. Am I Tea Garden Grape Juice

the brick house burst open and a girl, making sense?"

seventeen, perhaps eighteen, flung her- "More than you know. It was the Raspberry Tartlets: Roll plain

self out toward the street. Her goingon-to that I had overlooked. I pastry Vs inch thick; cut in 3-inch

sweater was too tight; her skirt too was forgetting the home comes first. squares. Put a spoonful of Tea Garden

short; her heels too high. Even in the No house can be a home if it is purRaspberry Preserves on half of each

dusk one sensed her makeup was too chased by overreaching financially. So pastry square. Fold over to form a triangle, press together edges with a fork,garish. are not buying the Connelly house."As she came out, a high shrill we

top. at 450 and prick Bake F. about 15

her. Todd."voice followed "Oh, minutes.

"Oh, for Pete's sake,"she flung She grasped his arm with both back. "I'll come home when I get hands. In her touch was everything 8 day wonder: Somepeople can make

cherries but hours in afew trying she as well to understand been ready, might had andgood and you and Maraschinoit takes eight days to simmering ofslow say. not vestige of misbreath. could tosave your The last want Who'd Tea Cherries. make Garden Maraschino

come back to this lousy place?"understanding was gone. Wherever No wonder they're different.

She had to run to catch the bus at they went now, whatever they bought

Serve Easy Dessert: Tea Garden corner. the be all right, for their foundation the confusion would had When Preserves cheese with cream toasted and cool night bepassed and the air had was sure.

salty crackers.

Pastel Float: Beat about 2 tableor Raspberry ApricotPineapple PreON THE BOOK RACK spoons Tea Garden Strawberry, Black dash serves and a cup of salt with one

(Concluded from page 284) SPORTS PHOTOGRAPHY milk. Place a scoop of vanilla ice cream

tall glass, a in pour the S. milkmixture (Lee Wulff. Barnes A. and Company,VITALITY PLANNED THROUGH

it, over with stir. Serve a sprinkling and York. 1942. $2.50.) NewNUTRITION of nutmeg. is a popular such hobby {Adelle Davis. The Macmillan PHOTOGRAPHY Co., New

York. 1942. 536 pages. $2.20.) with many that it should be done as Serving Chicken? Add Tea Garden

possible. picturehelp for Here's as Pickled for that Sweet Watermelon that well before, as never understood, is now activities taking the family's IT and on vacaextra perfection. touch in meal adequate to have an be well one must tions.

diet diet; is one must easier an adequate and "Entertainingwithout to have aMaid"

flash materials are included Helpful on it booklet be with the understand Tea that the body Garden and how may of color bulbs, techniques, photodarkroom wellbeing. name. request. fed for joyous complete copy and have a You The on may

graphy. states that her in book preface her author HEAVENLY DESSERT CLOUD expert photographer, fulfil or late amateur, is the the of to attempt dream an Any

stiff until 4 whites Beat egg gradually; its illustrations. will the enjoy and of professor book nuRose, SwartzDr. Mary

in tablespoons 3 beat sugar pinch a and physical professor eduHolbtook, trition College, Uniof at Leona Columbia Teacher's salt; of in fold 3 rounded tablespoons is cation of B.Y.U. everyalso for the women, dream versity—which Garden Marmalade. Orange Tea Grease nutrirole else the of understands one who

of part top large boiler in; double pour

in and every tion boy human IN CHILDREN welfare—that WARTIME YOUR mixture; cover over pudding cook and to girl taught in the should land be how Patri. Doubleday, (Angelo Doran and 1 boiling hour. onto out water Turn earth the important on machine feed most 1943. York. pages. 115 Co., $1.50.) New platter serve the following with and training this should his Indeed body. own yolks sauce: Beat with cup 4 egg person has been today no more % Probably the in every of education fundamentalbe

; stir until thick in sugar tablespoons 2 the concerned welfare happiwith and life all health, for experiences child, without

2 Orange Tea Garden Marmalade and Patri, children than of ness Angelo whose little value. of seem achievementand or 6. 3 Serves tablespoons cream. articles, daily almost syndicated throughout is the with written the Therefore, book

high school student boy and girl in mind, the United States, have done much to inthough it is equally instructive to parents crease an understanding and affection beIn this, children. parents tween and well. end to all be At theand who would his TEA latest that he book, approaches a problem "Projects"of is a list and chapterof each

is in of thinking uppermost the minds men Discussion."for interesting "Topicsmany GARDEN

all the world. over and women is for student isIt the plain each that hope QUALITY

life valuable Patri the all the divides into three his daily into Mr. book apply

THBJ'JELLIES. SYRUPS sections: Parents, in Teachers, thetruths book. For For and PRESERVES taught

It is to be hoped that school authorities For Children. Each section is full of pracGRAPE JUICE. MARASCHINO CHERRIES

will see the value of such training and that tical wisdom and sane advice that makes SWEET PICKLED AND CANDIED FRUITS invaluable. children is Parents the daughwhose nearthe time book when may learn CO. TEA GARDEN PRODUCTS difficult right ters nutrition as having of be a underlying laws seem tothe good now T will to 'Ritin', 'Rithmetic."wise be hand adjustment "Readin', as of andwell to make

This book, if its truths are practiced, will the girls the book to read. They will listen SUCH A BIG DIFFERENCE IN QUALITY...

prove a priceless possession for every boy to Mr. Patri and follow his advice, where SUCH A LITTLE DIFFERENCE IN PRICE!

and girl in the land, and for parents as they might feel that their parents were too well.—L. D. W. emotionally concerned. M. C. /.

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,

CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, CHARLES A. CALLIS, SYLVESTER Q. CANNON, AND HAROLD B. LEE

tendencies, etc. There is much availand the development of the theme.

able material and the chairman of the This type of educational activity may

Tn making reports of quorum activities committee should be on the alert for it. be carried on with indoor groups while

to the Stake and General MelchizeIn this connection may we call attenthey are working with their hands, thus dek Priesthood Committees, care tion to the editorials which appeared in getting double value from their time.

should be taken to include the activithe March Improvement Era and recomties of all of the quorum ward groups. mend that they be read and discussed

editorials class. in cover very the These Priesthood Outline for Melchizedek well subjects are adapted and(pSLMdmoL (jt)sd$CUtSL vital of Study, June, 1943 stimulating. unusually discussion and

Tt will be worth while to follow up in The Improvement Era has the largest Text: Teachings of the Prophet meeting the action being taken to circulation ever in its history—over Joseph Smithproduce the quorum's welfare budget as79,000—and a Class Instruction comsignment for 1943 and to review what is mittee can do no better than to stimubeing done to produce sufficient food late its reading. From its editorial LESSON 58

to assure an adequate supply for the pages we may learn of the position of The Mission and Authority of Adam quorum members themselves. These the Church with reference to doctrine ( Continued)

two items were the subjects discussed in and the stand to be taken by its mem- 3. Adam and the gospel

this column last month. bers on the momentous problems of the a. The gospel declared unto Adam

Plans should now be made to care for day. and Eve (D. & C. 29:42)

the of voice angels (1) God, By it is produced.the food Whether when

of gift the the of God, and by cellars, in root placedthe food is to be 5:6- (168; Holy Ghost Moses

dried or dehydrated, bottled or canned, HPhe card file containing the individu- 8, 5859; 6:5063)

or preserved in some other way should al record of quorum members can (2) Adam baptized and the Spirit be determined and the necessary equipbe used to advantage by the Church of God descended upon him, thus the of and he born was secured.ment reveals, committee. card Service Each

Spirit 6:6468) (Moses Personal the activities for which The things, the other quorum memamong b. to Priesthood given and The Adam is responsible committee wereWelfare his activity, of preference ber's Church faithful his descendants

in this the inset column out November attitude his activity, general present ancient of days to- 4. The

first 730. paragraph 1942 Era, page The capabilities for his a. of the ancient work, Daniel Church speaks wards

follows: aswas of oldest the he our man, etc. means his talents, service, Church A days; induce to with members quorum Labor father, Michael (157) Adam, qualificaof careful a study member's

obprayerful, full tithe payees, to bethem father or the Michael, (1) Adam, will tions service better insure and observers of of theservers Wisdom, all, all, Word the the prince of of activity. on committee more The the of observers day, law the andof Sabbath 27: ancient of (D. C. days &

is in position Service a to conChurch (Italics fast. added.) theof 11)

During the month of May, the subsult with the committee on Personal (2) Adamondi-Ahman, the place ject for ward teaching will be tithing. It Welfare to discover those who are where Adam shall come to visis suggested that in each quorum there qualified and worthy to serve. it his people, or the ancient

sit, shall of of as spoken days fitness ability of quorum and The the to teach undertaken a projectbe the Daniel Prophet (122; by in their callings to magnify members to encourageprinciple of tithing and 7:9-10, 116; Daniel D. C. & to the the should Priesthood be known this to observe member quorumeach 1314)

file, all officers at times. card when The in Zion. inheritance oflaw is the the father of human b. Adam

the matter and simplify of makof all (157) menQjwuwl Qui}. properlymation kept, will supply such inforfamily, and presides over the spirits

call will his children together classifying ing investigations and the c. He

Is it proper to invite nonmembers quorum members for service. and hold a council with them to

of the Church to attend the Ward teaching is an excellent faithprepare them for the coming of the quorum meetings? developing form of Church service. d. TheSon ofSonManof Man(157)stands before him,

XJo, they should not attend such meetand there is given him glory and 'ings. (Priesthood and Church dominion (157, 159)

his delivers stewardup (1) Adam 155-6). However,Government, pp. set great aside a than amount "D ather the holding as Christ ship to at are Sunday welcomenonmembers it will alone, of recreation time for the universe of keys Relief Someeting, sacramentSchool, if activsocial valuable hours conserve his standing Retains as head (2) quarterly or meetings, ciety, M.I.A. ities family of the in conjunction are with planned human

conferences. spring and summer work projects. In Discuss:

all dispensations?QkiMu SnsJjujudtwfL otherhappy words,by a littlemakethoughtfulyour workplanning.groups holds1. Whatthe presidencyis meant byofthe saying that Adam

TJTeretofore we have in this column Perhaps some form of entertainment LESSON 59 suggested that the chairman of the may be carried on while people are at The Mission and Authority of Adam

Class Instruction committee provide the work on their project. In other cases a (Continued)

class with outside reference material. short social could be fostered immedi- 5. Michael, the prince of all

This may include articles from reputately following a work period. If the a. Adam given the first presidency in

able magazines, the daily press, bullegroup is too weary for physically acthe creation, before the world was formed (157) tive of a then arrange of etc. games such be tins, an hour should These

b. of the righteous champion The appreciation either using of recordmusic will the that stimulate studynature his posterity prince forever over c. A talent. or local ings acof prethe gospel, the of someonethe principles Have 107:5455) (D. C. &

complishments of the Church, its posipared to explain the music, giving the d. The seventh angel to sound his

tionm with reference to modern social background of the composer, his idea, trump (D. & C. 88:106, 110)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

of heaven hosts of the e. Leader in the AlarmCall to Arms theTheincrease.public knowsIn thethattowndrinkingof Tooele,is on (verses final battle last great and

112115) {Concluded from page 276) Utah, 235 drunks were jailed during away, passes earth the f. Before magazine 1943. (HowFebruary, and and newspaper January the crowd

his trump, and to sound Michael of the adverlavish that not one reported with ever, country it was the of all press forth to come and the awake dead to liquor Stake. the of Tooele selling more a at member 235 was aimed tising, 29:26- (D. C. final to judgment & prisoners, and thirtyone particularly morning women people, "Monday more 27)

filled the crowd, alltime record an children."angel, the seventh Michael, (1)

even the archangel, shall gathAttention is then called to the fact Tooele city jail, with practically every er together his armies, even that "for the duration"the Canadian prisoner there for drunkenness,"The the hosts of heaven Government has prohibited advertising TranscriptBulletin said.

the shall gather devil alThe (2) of kind wines, beer—-any whisky, to do can again, we "What ask hell of hosts We sane a thus setting beverage, coholic situation?"the the great of help GodThe battle (3) should States United the that example his of Satan final defeat and do. things can several are we There follow. armies our (a) on Carry are: next them Bulletin Among Foundation's TheDiscuss:

1. Under whose direction does Adam oppoints out that liquor is a menace to educational noliquor-tobacco camerate in all things? manpower and is responsible for a paign more actively and vigorously

organthee to be set "I quorums, have 2. our Explain: ever so among prevathan absenteeism the of part at large

shall nations litcome of multitude a head;the free Helpful groups. izations, and Chairman industries. defense in lent them over prince art a thou thee, andof the (b) is available, Employ erature Commission of the Manpower McNutt 107:55)forever."C. (D. & all with method"contact "personal industry that "in saying as is quoted

the for sentiment illness a (c) Create users, needless of prevention alone 60 LESSON laws. antinarcotic all of observance days 80,000,000 least at salvage would Universe the GoverningDivine Law and in stakes the committees part Appoint year."a What lost manpower of

the Joseph Prophet Teachings of Read the of this phase carry to illness on and wards needless this in plays liquor 301291, 197198, 181, 5556,Smith, pp. is in Lake Salt in as done campaign, ( serious problem very a absenteeism 372373; 350352, 347348, 345, 325,302, enforcement law (d) up Back County, But definitely known. is not America) 88:1820, 77:1; 76:2324; 63:21; C.D. & officers (e) lawmaking officers, it is Urge im- a very that all observers 130:7-11; know 121:2832; 93:35; 3647;2526,

legislation, (f ) Urge helpful support to powersthe that 3:1-9, 3339; Abr. 1:4, 29, 13, 1617. portantMoses part—one regulations by rise, of restrictive the making give are fearful may thatbe (301302) of matter duration 1. Eternal

a. No such thing as immaterial matter among other things, to demands for nathose empowered to make them, (g)

b. Create means to organize chaotic tional prohibition at least "for the Encourage everyone to set a good exelements already existing (350352; duration."ample.

c. The elements are eternal, and spirit

and elements inseparably connected receive a fulness of joy (D. & C.

93:35) 2. The earth to abide a celestial law (D. &

C. 88:1820; 2526; 63:21; 77:1; 130:

7-11) a. It filleth the measure of its creation,

and transgresseth not the law ( 1 ) It shall die, it shall be quickened again and become immortal (2) It shall be sanctified and become a celestial kingdom b. To become like unto a crystal, a

Urim and Thummim to inhabitants law given a kingdom every 3. Unto

limitless the shown a. Moses workprojectsThree whichtypicalwillscenesbe repeatedof 1942 againIdahothisPriesthoodseason.

manship of the Lord's hands (Moses 3339) 1:4, 29, stop elders seventies and Stake (Top) Nampa

half their nine and a on the work during discerns picture the for stars by a b. Abraham

P. Jack tons. yield was field. The acre 134 beet 3:1-9, (Abr. and Thummim Urim in charge. was Second Ward Liechty of Nampa 13, 1617)

angel's time, of God's reckoning c. The

man's time time, and prophet's time Ward,(Center)Raft RiverThe MelchizedekStake, producedquorumsthis ofchoicethe Elbabeef according to the planet on which for the regional warehouse at Burley, Idaho. Left

J. Edward Bishop are picture right in the to 130:4) they reside (D.6C and E. A. Ottley. Ward, Art M. Rasmussen, law given un- d. have a All kingdoms

to them (D. & C. 88:3638; 55) (Bottom) The sixth quorum of elders (Lanark

Discuss and Ovid wards) of Bear Lake Stake really mean teams and line up S they 2 tractors business when the statement truth of the 1. Substantiate quorum Parker, field. G. David their wheat glory of for the declare that "The heavens of acres forty of purchase the president, began

by for it paid had the quorum and year God."

are sixth quorum the for Counselors 10.

Sorenson. Russell and 2. What constitutes the glory ol God? OctoberlandIrwin lastParker

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN A reader in the navy wants an answer to his letter of March 17, 1943.

If he will send his name and address to

Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, 47 East South

Temple, Salt Lake City, we'll gladly send him printed leaflets, giving full reply to his questions.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

THE CHURCH MOVES ON (Conducted from page 287) Church Makes Thomas William Collings, (elder),

New Ward Created Red Cross Donation born April 27, 1 887, excommunicated to"pMERSON be 8, 1943, Ward, now in Pleasant Green March known the the of Campaign Fund as rToJ-/ War the Stake. Mission Oquirrh Ward, Park of the Ward,

in the American Cross Red ChurchPasadena Stake organized recently was official contribution of an March made Stakes Receive division a theby of Rosemead Ward. five dollars. inthousand This not doesWilliam R. Presidencies sustained as Hawkes was New the clude donations of individual membishop.

Victor D. Nelson and President of Creation the Park Avenue and bers.

Sr., Ira President Boyer, Counselors and Reuben Clark, Jr., was W.Imperial wards, Highland Stake, was this released year appointedJ. been Jensen, have Doyle of a member the J. 4.effected April

the of the National from presidency River Lost Committee, Fund War Park L. The Avenue with Ward, Stake. includes sustained which Elder such as Jensen prominent was names as bishop,Van Wagenen formed was as president, the F. Bernard Baruch, B. with King K. new Edsel Ford, Mark division aby of the Stratford Ward. Mrs. as and Jenness Dwight counAndersen William Morrow, W. W. Imperial The with Perry Ward, D. selors. Philip Allen White, Murray.Goodliffe as bishop, founded from was

parts of the Highland Park and StratChapel Dedications Bishops, Presiding ford wards.

'T'he chapel of the Holbrook Ward, Elders Sustained

Independent Snowflake Stake, was dedicated Cardston Second Ward, Alberta Stake,

Branches Formed February 21, by Presiding Bishop Lloyd D. Cahoon succeeds Lyman Rasmussen. Richards. Bloomfield Branch, Stake, LeGrand Young South Big CottonCottonwood Ward,formerly The chapel dependent Farmington upon Stake, Crabtree Marlow Leslie of the Bountiful Third wood

Ward, has been organized with Elmer Ward, South Davis Stake, was dediceeds R. Stanley Johns. sucMcDaniel as presiding elder. cated February 28, by President J. Byron Ward, Big Horn Stake, Walter

Port Orchard Branch, Seattle Stake, Reuben Clark, Jr. G. Stevens succeeds Maurice W. Jensen.

Stake, Third Cassia ThurOakley Ward, of Vermillion the chapel The Wardhas organized been with Stokes M. M.

Critchfleld. succeeds Burch Louis R. man Sevier Stake North dedicated Febwas presidingas elder.

Stake, Grant Marion Wandamere Ward, 6, ruary Elder E. by McKay, Thomas Branch, Stake, Reseda Fernando Thirl FairSan succeeds Ford Marsh George assistant the to of the Council Twelve. bourn.formerly dependent the upon Van hall in of meeting the Church The Fifth Falls Falls Idaho Idaho Ward, created recently wasNuys Ward, with Lancaster, Pennsylvania, dedicated was Stake, succeeds William WilDavid Cook elder. E. as presidingWallace Lund

31, President Iverson January A. liam by G. Ovard. Grant

"Music Hath Charm"of the Eastern States Mission. Mackay Ward, Lost River Stake, Lawrence R. Halversen succeeds Andrew C.

Just how much music aids group morExcommunications Jensen.

ale has again been demonstrated by Fillmore Second Ward, Millard Stake,

D. Sterling Wheelwright, director of KTTargaret Price, born [not given], James Edward Peterson succeeds Henry E.

music at the Washington, D. C, chapexcommunicated June 1942, in the Hatton.

el. In the middle of a concert when the Helper Ward, Carbon Stake. Kanosh Ward, Millard Stake, Mark C.

sirens sounded for a practice blackout, Gladys Arlena Burns Beck, born FebBlack succeeds Lloyd F. Rogers.

Scipio Stake, Millard G. Ward, Waldo 5, the Februruary remaining playedhe 1899, excommunicated selections

succeeds Vincent A. Hansen.

1943,from ary 23, in the Oakland memory. buses Meanwhile two Stake, Lester Ward, RobinsLogandale Ward, Moapa

had been stopped nearby, and the pasOakland Stake. E. Mills succeeds John L. Lewis.

sengers and other persons gradually John Jongkindt, (seventy), born JanWardboro Ward, Montpelier Stake, Parcame into the chapel, attracted by the uary 10, 1896, at Papendricht, Netherley O. Buehler succeeds John A. Berrey.

music. At the end of the recital Elder lands, excommunicated March, 1943, Nampa First Ward, Nampa Stake, Clive

Wheelwright directed the group in in the Centinela Ward, Inglewood S. Walker succeeds Chauncey W. Lovecommunity singing. Stake. land.

Dayton Ward, Oneida Stake, Veril David

Smart succeeds Godfrey Schwartz.

Pocatello Seventh Ward, Pocatello Stake,

Arden Delos Hale succeeds Samuel A. Dunn.

Lewisville Ward, Rigby Stake, Carl G.

Agren succeeds A. Vernon Ball.

Grant Ward, Rigby Stake, Newel Hymas succeeds George Christensen.

Annis Ward, Rigby Stake, Victor Hall succeeds James Baron.

Ririe Ward, Rigby Stake, Edwin R. Harris succeeds James E. Ririe.

Santa Clara Ward, St. George Stake,

Edward Rudolf Frei, Jr., succeeds J. Henry

Graff.

L D. S. SERVICEMEN IN CHAPEL AT LUKE FIELD, PHOENIX Amalga Ward, Smithfield Stake, Ariel

succeeds Jorgenson S. Noble. George

these October, center, Field, single training since last boys maintain engine an active association, M. Luke At

Stake, BrigHolbrook Snowflake Ward, evenings. meeting providing each evening, at and various wards the program Sunday Wednesday

First row, left to right: Chaplain Sprague, Clyde M. Lunneford, John E. Janke, Vaughn K. Lauritzen, ham Jackson Sanders succeeds Wallace EllsJames B. Manwaring, Harold Y. Anderson, Werner L. Verhaaren. worth.

L. Roberts, Roberts, L. Richens, Bob D. John Later, Taylor, C. Frank V. Leo H. row: Second Vee L. Firestone Park Angeles South Los Ward, Neilson, Shurtliff, L. D. Zenger. Robert Dean

Stake, succeeds Wilford A. Welch J. Evard R. Preece, Burningham, Lorin Karl R. row: Third Byron H. D. Spuler, Buck, Max Dewaine West, John

E. Smith, Oriel Tracy. Ricks.

Darrell Miskin, Ernest Oliphant, Merlin L. R. 0. Woodrow Blamires, H. Waters, row: Fourth R. Vernon Stake, Sevier Grant Joseph Ward, South

Miles, L. Larkin. Parsons, Melvin Robert Matson, Ned A.

Philip succeeds Morrey H. Shipp. Sylvester, Moulton, Harvey Harley Fifth Donald Naylor, H. Crowther, Leonard Tolman, Bill row: R. D. Dean W.

Russell C. Christensen, Lawrence D. Dansie. Filer Branch, Twin Falls Stake, Wilbert

F. Larkin, Beatty, Sixth row: Keith Gale D. Bringhurst, T. Quentin Moon, Thomas Jay L. Love, Fay W. Fife succeeds Heber L. Hansen.

Bryner, Ralph T. Cannon. Fairview Washington Ward, Seventh J. Lendell L. Probst, R. row: Anderson, R. Smith, Grant S. Perry. Joseph—Submitted by Milton L Ollerton Harvey G. Stoops succeeds John Nielsen.Stake,

.

Wffff/I/HPMSIHffBff CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD CHALLENGING RECORDS

COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY Thirtyseventh instalment in a

JUNE, 1943 series of articles written by the late

Council Orson F. Whitney of the Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS

originalPublished the Twelve. of

Chapter VI. "Spotting"Potential Leaders ly in "The Contributor."

Quotations from the Text:

reminded Burton T. R.

follows! back 1 Don't go boy on the who reports in their to the send bishops "Counselor is soldier, daring that useful the He

tolocal disbursements, receipts and in private the against campaigns comof munity sin. gether with a statement of the amounts

2. Teachers must be patient with boys they needed from the general office to

who will one day lead! Do not make make up the deficit for the support of

the mistake, as I did, that they are all their poor. It was the design to let each

important. Do not lose your temper bishop henceforth have the disbursing

at them because they are erratic, fond of funds drawn from the general office of their own ways of doing and saying for the relief of the poor in his ward, things, and take this labor off the Presiding 3. Your leader, you discover on the high Bishopric; therefore, a report of what

seas of Youth, will be perforce a boy would be needed, say in the next six unlimited of sometimes confidence. obmonths, as based the amount upon

is often passed so boy by and That office the during the general tained from as dismissed being But "too cocky."

if he has too great leaning toward conpast half year, was required of each ceit, that is the very place that you bishop, together with a brief report of come in! As he goes pellmell into ward receipts and disbursements, such

jobs that frightened the timid followers, as in fast meetings and Relief Societies.

you'll glad mighty had be that he some felt to wel- "President A. M. Cannon

selfassurance, won't Well, you? B. A. RASMUSSEN position to the Preston Bishop then come matter calmly the accept without and

any flash of spoken or shielded and he had been called to. He had loved For sixteen years B. A. Rasmussen has served as an

restrained anger. And tactfully, Bishop Edward Hunter as a father, and Aaronic Priesthood quorum adviser in the Midvale Second

prayerfully, gradually rebuild that boy he was glad that so good and able a Ward, East Jordan Stake. During this long period

for better service! man had been appointed to succeed him. Brother Rasmussen established a record of 98.69%

that is believed It meeting. at Priesthood attendance will; it testified that Lord's the was He is In- 4. to going on war War? Who faithfulness of records outstanding is of the this one it generally before even known is was telligent thinking youth! and Who Certainly in Church. the work Priesthood in Aaronic Bishop, he Presiding fight bring the to to America going an be back would who the to devotion consistent of is example it a splendid

... freed the clutches of the from Spirit that the impressed been had by

the Lord. of work Intelligent, this peril of liquor? day, the Brother Preston man. He was Rasmussen Brother period, sixteenyear the During leadoutspoken, youthful dynamic and selfsub- necessity of the dwelt upon Henry Bishop former to counselor as served also a ers the church.

all their in jection, of honoring men Beckstead. is to going remake narrow Whoin of creation the of places, proper and selfish communities demand and and

enough playgrounds and sane and safe labor for the poor, of home manuamusements of all types, and bring in factures, and union and faithfulness hospitals and care for the needy? among God's people in promoting

Youth. Zion's interests. Many other good

5. This is a challenge to all teachers and things, which limited space precludes,

—tochurchexploreleadersandtofindgo inonoura holyown questnumwerejournedsaid,sine anddie. theBenedictionmeeting waswas proad-

in bers the untouched boys and who life religious the have no germ of nouncedlor. by President Joseph E. Tayall will seen leadership. This be by

our King, who notes those of us who {Continued on page 300) try to use our minds and hearts for

Him.

Helps for the Class Leader: RAY BARNES

1. Discuss the following characteristics teacherRay inBarnes,the Wa-a

Highsatch Ward, leaders, suggest potential in and boy a has land Stake, their proper control for methods and attendance 100% cultivation. quorum at record

over for meeting a. Egoism

years. three Ray b. is l BAXTER DEAN BAXTER

sixteen, since and Selfconfidence now c. Sympathy at ordained a deacon

d. Humility twelve, has missed According to a report from Bishop Joseph Wright,

young men, Stake, class these Hyrum First two Ward, as Hyrum many adonly to make Ask the Priesthoodhas meetings;three possible. are as setting ditions deacons. to the list as example a good above indibrothers, achieved special

recognition; during of the is president LaMar and quorum, 1942

effort to "break 2. Discourage any down vidual been and member a filled oniy Priesthood missed one meeting and 118

discipline. earning of a of quorum his morale"as a means

at assignments. record attendance had a Dean 100% the Standard Quorum is ruinous. procedure This

served filled assignments, meeting, and of the each quorum Award 153 years. He is as organist Priesthood meeting. for are full interested Both ward being only in 3. Avoid

and son potenfourthe of Mr.

faithful exceptionally in attending tithe payers are and All tial leaders. should class members Mrs. A. Ralph

receive careful, thoughtful attention. Barnes. sacrament meeting and Sunday School.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.mmmm

WARD TEACHERS The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with

Tt is the responsibility of the ward and strengthen them;

teacher to watch over the members And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with of the Church residing in the district each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

assigned him. to represents the He that see the church meet together often, and also see that all the And thisbishop in assignment, should and

their duty do C. 20:5355). (D. &manifest interest a in his personal asmembers

signed families much in the same sense that the bishop has an interest in each member of his ward. (x/jOAjcL JsuxhsMl VYbi&AjnqsL fan, Qumsl, 1943

It is quite impossible for the bishop of an averagesize ward to maintain THE WORD OF WISDOM always the degree of contact with his members which is so necessary to their 'T'he Word of Wisdom has been a law unto the Church for one hundred spiritual and temporal welfare. Of and ten years. Its doctrines have been expounded from our pulpits

necessity, therefore he looks to the perhaps more frequently than any other tenet of our religion. In the classward teacher to assist him in this work. rooms of all Church organizations this subject has been given much conObviously, there is no other officer in sideration. Anxious fathers and mothers have taught their children conhis ward to whom he can consistently tinuously to obey this law. One would naturally suppose that, considering

look for the discharge of this responthe divine authenticity of the Word of Wisdom and the frequent and persibility. sistent treatment of the subject, there would be few, if any, Latterday

To "watch over"his assigned famiSaints addicted to the use of these forbidden indulgences. Unfortunately,

lies suggests that the teacher have a however, facts dispute this supposition.

very real interest in their spiritual and Too many of our members are indifferent to this law. There is the

temporal welfare. It is far from sufficiconstant danger.that others will join the ranks of these wellmeaning but

ent that he consider his work finished unthinking souls. The temptations are becoming more acute each day.

with the completion of the monthly visit. We are face to face with an alarming increase in the consumption of

The teacher should maintain that tobacco and liquors particularly. The ambitions of "conspiring men"are

measure of contact which will disclose fixing a stranglehold on untold millions. Their attempts to enslave the

any temporal need, such as clothing, youth are bearing much fruit.

food, shelter, fuel, etc. If his members This cancerous growth presents a great challenge. Latterday Saints

are engaged in an undesirable business, cannot sit complacently by and escape responsibility for their indifferences.

one which conflicts with the standards This is true of leaders, teachers, and parents, alike.

of the Church, the ward teacher should addict need understanding our members love and Our more than nowbe in a position, conthrough his own lives. in their criticism before of weaknesses them and their Ourduct, to enever and work with the member

farther accomplishes good. from drives them us and Jesus didn't away no to businesscourage him in a engage

it sins the sinner; of us differentiate was their few Too He loathed. spirit despise conflict does the not withwhich

sin. the sinner the for spiritual physicould hope and more Weor letter of the word of the Lord in all between ",. ability to the sick.". that give cians with wait are them upon Let usits ramifications.

more attention to kindness and less attention to judgment.

The performance of these duties and for will eagerly assist waits in the any information which Youth themresponsibilities or even do not require, life. willing are to the not accept of of judgment always They maway familiaritysuggest, a be which may

turity to simple or a lack of obey judgment command. Immature and It isclassified as simply "meddling."

a kind, watchful interest in those for experience are among the reasons for this concept. Youth asks "Why?"

is perhaps, and, times or only our "Don't"answer must many "You responsible. is largely the teacherwhom

else."not, give teaching or should fewer and more commands. do tooWe at varipersonal habits having Those evils yes, let of liquor, the forget them tobacco us never but Teach and

ance with the prescribed standards for to extol the virtues and countless advantages of abstinence.

Latterday Saints should also be the concern of the ward teacher. He should

take a personal pride in having his aslive families the tosigned as close Lord THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD finding assist inas possible and them their way back if they stray away. (Continued from page 299) "In order that some idea may be given

In the final analysis, ward teaching "On the thirtyfirst of July, 1884, of the growth and present numerical is a very responsible calling. It redeath summoned to the spirit world status of the Aaronic Priesthood, parquires tact, judgment, kindness, and a Bishop L. W. Hardy, Bishop Preston's ticularly the bishopric, we here present

genuine brotherly interest in the rightfirst counselor. His place remained va- a full list revised and corrected from

eous behavior of those members of the cant until the following October, when latest reports, of the names of bishops

Church whom he is to visit and assist. in General Conference the organization in all the organized stakes of Zion."

Many of the ills which have overtaken of the Presiding Bishopric was once ( Note: Space does not permit the pubsome of our members could have been more made complete by the calling of lishing of this long list of bishops. Those

avoided if ward teachers had "watched Robert T. Burton and John Q. Cannon interested are referred to The Cohtribover the Church"as the Lord has dito act as first and second counselors, utor. Vol. 6, pp. 444447.)

rected they should. respectively. (To be continued)

music Driggs Ward Genealogical FORUM FOR CHURCH THE PRELUDE Training Class Activities

of the issue March Era some tenth the genealogical MUSICIANS On November presuggestions INpracticalthe were class, Driggs Teton Ward, of the training dignifying Alexander Schreiner, sented the on means By

Tabernacle Organist and Member, music prelude of our Sabbath services. Stake, sponsored an excursion to the

Church Music Committee We should like to hear from such of Logan temple in which twentythree our musicians who are pleased with participated, including our stake presispirit the devotional shown when of the issue the 1942 November In his wife, the dent and and the call prelude gives music to wor- A invitation extended an Era, was wife. president stake and his to ship. our Weformerdid

our Church musicians to write to the endowments for about fifty, and twenty concerning general committee music kindness the sealings. We appreciated field. arise in they the as problems A those in by shown us and consideration make a good choir member, or even a letters rebeen such have number of

ceived, some of which have been anchoir leader, because of his musical charge at the temple.

in experience gained bands direct, of and swered which two we training, the enjoyed attended work All who all, abilorchestras, the and above and It will this will page. consider on now that they since us told others have and ity well. to read music to our a pleasure from hear be always greater forth a put they had wished * * *

their concerning music workers work is desire us. effort with Our gone and Platte, all North problems. Nebraska: Address communicaand "Prom

all again, can work that go we when we tions to General 200 Committee, Music

North Main Street, Salt Lake City, cerningDo youthehavetechniqueany printedof directingmaterialmusic,confor our own kindred.

Utah. and the use of the baton? From our class the past summer two

folPreston, Idaho, the comes From temple, the and in sealed couples were this are to receive most happy We: lowing to them. sealed their children inquiry were conductors because many may

it Is to objectionable brass use and wind is interested in material the be which fifty of copies sold about have if instruments services instruthe in Church We available. Every our conductor of are the properly played ments music and hundreds and the of Remembrance Book should music of Church a have copy is certain services there too loud? not Are classes forms. genealogical Weekly of our Choristers'Church pubManual, the of passing sacrament, as during the such

where such music would not be appropriate? lished by, and available at, The Deshave been held in the various homes.

like interest to in people would young eret for Store, cents, 77 intax BookWe enough money raised class has Our the of the having them Church work by cluded, postpaid. and wishing Anyone for for a table the to hardwood buy participate in services. musically Church is additional material referred to Esclass the tabernacle, and stake our new is in appropriateness This problem a sentials In Conducting, Gherkens, by high the of help the with members, time. for long a has with us been which also In Lessons Twenty Conducting,

The members of the music committee by Gherkens, both of which books may school teacher in woodwork, intend to feel that the most pleasing music to be obtained through any music store. make the table. Mattie T. Murdoch,

our Heavenly Father, in our Sunday For advanced material consult The instructor.

services, are still the hymns sung by Eloquent Baton, by Earhart. (See also page 278)

His people, and the anthems of choirs, together with the music of the organ.

This is the ideal to which we should strive. If the people sing two or three

hymns, and the choir sings one or two THE DESERET THEATRE anthems, there will be little time left for instrumental music. Brass music is (Concluded from page 262) Thin Air, to be presented in early May.

difficult to control as to loudness, beorganization, arranged for office space Brother Cannon has been stalwart in cause brass instruments are naturally and a place to hold tryouts. Later the his support of the group and the organimore fitted for use outof-doors. Woodroof garden atop the Genealogical zation feels fortunate in being offered

wind instruments, while less brilliant Building was given over for rehearsals. his play. Two other plays by Brother

and less loud, are more suitable for use Don Alder offered his wellequipped Cannon, The Wild Pigeon and Rio de in recreational surroundings than in a shop, used in connection with his busiAmor were presented a few years ago religious atmosphere. The fact that ness, for scenery building. Church offiin the old Playhouse, now the new

wind instrument players rarely present cials and local business men were helpLyric Theatre.

ful in arranging theatres. for selections In this sacred that proof is good help effort to get other needed In an

of spirited cooperation instruments the are less suited to the mannerwind the in drama, interested persons big from music of worship than to secular music. problems confronting the Deseret Deseret Theatre group is fostering an

Indeed we wish to interest our young Theatre movement are being met. associate member project. Already

talent in the work of the Church by Stage successes that have been idealstake and ward leaders are volunteerparticipation in the Church program. ly presented and well received by ing their aid and are seeking affiliation

The auxiliary organizations which hold Church members and the public generalwith the group. A goal of five hundred

meetings during the week should be ly include Dear Brutus, Night of Januassociate members has been set.

their alive to opportunity of using Sixteenth, all ary the Cricket on The Deseret the of the Through work kinds talent, available of dramatic Hearth, and The DinCame Man To Who of its help the and Theatre members musical, including that ner, instruService, of wind George WashingRoom little theatre friends, the movemany all ments. sure that our Be ton Slept Here, Late budding Christopher The

wind instrument players are used in Bean, and the general board selection ment is gaining momentum, steadily some way in these meetings during the The Barretts, used as a guide to what overcoming the ordeals of play producweek. wards and stakes could accomplish in ing, and steadily promoting its aim to

Another way of participating in our play production. supply notable legitimate drama to the

activities is membership in the choir. The last production for this season community, providing an outlet to the

Many a wind instrument player will is Joseph J. Cannon's English drama community's abundant talent.

up to date at all times and especially the month by month summary on pages 95 to 98 inclusive. All information

needed for your annual report will then "The Wartime Summer Way be available in concise, orderly form, Carry On for M.I.A."and even though it should be found IVTay we ask a special favor of a very

necessary of the or because emergency is title class? special not discontinue the of the outHThis book new Do otherwise, to in the changes make ward activities entirely during the your sumlining the for the program summer personnel, secretary the of any member for together recreamonths. mer Meet for AssociationsMutual Improvement readily presidency could compile ward tion interesting projects. are and These first is1943. the part of debook The difficulty. the report without any the in outheld enjoyable most when to aid,voted projects—-first war home

nursing, Welfare gardens, home kinderAbout July 1, copies of the ward anof-doors. Have you considered projects

garten for neighborhood children, war nual report will be sent to stake secreof gardens, food conservation, nutrition, bonds and stamps, 'etc., while the latter taries for distribution to the respective and First Aid under certified leadership?

section presents recreational features of ward secretaries. These in turn will be The following agencies can furnish

interest to the Associations as a whole returned to the stake secretaries when leadership and material:

and to the departments. compiled on September 5. The annual 1. The American Red Cross

report form included in the ward roll 2. Home economic and agriculture deschools of high partment 1M.I.A. Day, will record provide and each May book ward

3. Agriculture Service Extension its record. anstake permanent Two of event program the summerTHE Office County

to will also sent report nual forms be 4. Administration Security 1 is firstthe Farm M.I.A. This should be Day.

an outstanding event, climaxing the wineach stake secretary, one to be retained County Office for the the stake record permanent and bul- 5. of Agriculture Department U.S.ter introducing the program and sumletins office other general to the forwarded on activities. projects specialmer and One 6. bibliographies or suggestions For 15. later not than Septemberfeature consult is to the bishop about to of Eduwrite the State Department

inviting look forward of the nonmembers Church in cation, Salt Lake City, Utah job, for a to participate Secretaries—pleaseto this very important or communitythe ward now

with the M.I.A. in this program. An Church compilation of these reports has

excellent opportunity is here afforded to be made and will be valueless unless to promote good will and understanding. every stake in the Church is included.

special campaign to be launched A of the record Although Note: summer Possibilities Summer is thison Aircraft "Sponsor day an last activities in of included not 1942 was what are your plans for /LEANERS, through Boat"theRescue purchase report, offices of year's in general the we have

"* the summer? the received information through monthly stamps.war bonds and

Full details concerning this M.I.A. reports and therefore are not asking that First on the list with most groups will

This this data now. given be is done (See service be to no doubt in the are program foundDay Summer

preserve the as the period twelve month section of the MenGleaner Gleaner in the and also Leader. March activities.MWay report. basis of our specific for suggesfor 194243 manual

The Annual Statistical Report tions. )

TfHE compiling of the annual statistiThe family welfare or victory garden cal report is one of the most imwill need your help and you will want portant responsibilities of the ward and V\7"ith the winter drama program beto do your part in the home canning stake secretaries. In former years the v "hind us, it is time to take stock of program.

ward report was to be sent to the stake our successes and failures, to look ahead A new motivation has come to us to secretary by June 5, and the compiled and marshal our forces for next year, study the geography, history, and peocountries. ples of foreign office reportstake for time. to to the general something plan and summer by

is of is girl capable the Clever who fiscal 15; since long the lessons of the year but out M.I.A.June and With way

her clothes. remaking making and closes these reports perare up, vacation evenings 31, August comingnow

for a dateless summer This be may all is respectively, of ideal thisdue, time 5 the haps most September on and 15. This report will cover the period for drama. What greater fun is there many girls, but there are many activities

bowling, that be can enjoyed—tennis, 1, to the 31, lawn?from 1942 than September dramatics August on back home

riding, archery, horseback swimming, for1943. the especially occawritten play A will picnics. tournament add a and A sion, flickering lights lanterns from gay It to rather early our remind be may sports. interest these of to deal great skilfully floods trees or the through issecretaries of not something which suggestions, as the Golden such Other action the bring to important out placed all for four months, as but aboutdue project, of Truth, Treasures Gleaner

. pleasspots could be more what sentreports should completed and be etc., in to manual. are the found be eve?. summer's. a ant on offices generalto before the the M.I.A.

begins its fall sessions, we call your atHow about a drama club to meet tention to the need for carefully gatheronce a week and study from the Theater ing and preserving now all information Arts Manual in preparation for next necessary before the ward secretaries fall and winter's work? Ample time to

leave on summer vacations or move into gain a wonderful foundation for real Community Service other localities. Much of the material play production in the winter months "Explorers for the most part will not

needed for compilation of the annual reahead! Then there's a Book of Plays be making their contributions in the

ports is included in the monthly reports to be read and studied... really all armed forces but they will make a most

and your duplicate copies should be on sorts of things to be done. Think it over worth while contribution to industry

hand. and see if you can't find the very best and agriculture.

Stake secretaries should impress on plan yet for building up interest and Explorer leaders should give wise their ward secretaries the necessity of enthusiasm in drama for M.I.A. How counsel and organize Explorer units

keeping the ward roll and record books about it? {Concluded on page 304)

THE M MEN* /BaAiudbalL TOURNAMENT The title comes back to the beehive

STATE

By LES GOATES Sports Editor, "The Deseret News"Upper: The allChurch

honor team selected foi the in play of outstanding expression an enthusiastic tournaStill Men basketball M idealism despite almost a lofty right Left to ment.

TaylorsWallace, Marvin Roberts, ville, Lee guard;

Ward, Second Citythe MoverwhelmingMen basketballwartimeprogramhandicaps,of Sugar

Barker, Vaughan forward; Associationthe Improvement Mutual

Royal center; Taylorsville,

its duringweathered stormiest campaign Hollywood, Jensen, North

Neland Clinton guard;194243.

Fourth Smithfield son, Enlistments and the draft took many forward. Ward,

hundreds of M.I.A. basketball players

into the armed services, but there were still enough left to play out a thoroughly successful schedule, climaxed by another thrilling and colorful allChurch Left: The traditional flat

tournament. Suspension of the 25year ceremony which market

age limit proved a timely and sagacious thetournament.opening day of the

move. It was an important factor in

pulling the organization through a season which saw many athletic conferences fold up for the duration.

Under the skilful guidance of Homer

C. Warner, chairman of the M Men

athletic committee, and Frank J. Mozley, manager of the tournament, the basketballRight: Taylorsvilleteam, allChurchWard MchamMen

schedule aftermammoth was compions final win a for 1943 M Men over City Second Sugar Ward 44pleted or unpleasantness without delay to 23. of any kind, thereby affording to some Front row, left to right. Tommy

8,000 young men a distinct moral boost Mackay, Lyle Hintze, Leland and vital athletic development. Brown,Back row,Felix MiloDeCleva,Rupp,DaleVaughanRupp.

Naturally the calibre of play took a Barker, Melvin Pendleton, Les slight drop from that of years gone by, Paxton, Marvin Wallace.

but this decrease in proficiency was of a uniform nature, so the play was close and exciting throughout.

after basketball ungot MenCoon M "-'its der received was way, word by directors that schedules were being followed through in Arizona, California,

Idaho, Wyoming, and Nevada. In the Left. North Hollywood Ward M

the awarded team, Men basketball region,greater only the South Salt Lake

Sportsmanship board's stakes and Wells wereCottonwood allChurch at the M.I.A. ingeneralTrophy

active. tournament.

Cutting a wide swath through a starJensen,Back row,Roscoeleft Hunt,to right.Levi Hunt.Royal

Hess, Jimmy Pratt, Hugh Smith.studdedM Menfieldexpanse,of courtiersthe fromTaylorsvillethis vast Front row, Lyman Pinkton, Lee

Ward, Cottonwood Stake, champions—Deseret News Photos

of Division 10, dominated the championship tournament throughout. It

was quite an event in the annals of the games to see the M.I.A. general board

trophy come back to the Beehive State, after a sojourn at West Lovell, Wyoming, and Arlington and Oakland, California. Taylorsville defeated popular

Sugar City Second Ward, Idaho, 44 to 23 to win the title. The boys from the

Jordan district proved a potent quint and a worthy successor to the illustrious title holders of the past.

Third place went to a hardfighting, hustling band of ball rustlers from Salt (Concluded on page 304)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

Basketball (Concluded from page 303) MUTUAL MESSAGES

Lake City's Twentyseventh Ward. {Concluded from page 302) ing the summer. If a BeeKeeper is unFourth position was attained by Ogden for work in field or factory. It is imable to finish the year with her girls, she

Fourth. Fifth place and consolation portant that the counseling include should see that a new leader is appointed

honors went to Springville. training in health and safety. by the ward president.

North of Hollywood, phases leader headed Royal troop counselOther by is This our season, honor badge andJensen, of ing scholastic veteran include should Utah matters as loymany such girl every should help have encourand alty independent tournaments, feltheand employer, to cooperation with won to agement complete three or four of ascoveted Sportsmanship Trophy, workers, a low courage to honest do an activities these during the summerresult of players a taken day's of vote the dependability work, by and on months. year This than they more ever

all the job. teams. PatriFive "The Tabbed will probably to need choose prosuch

thisarchs,"of veterans played band jects fruit, as canning victory gardens,pleasing sporting basketball and helping harvest, the with assisting withthroughout. household tasks as well as taking care Superintendent George Q. Morris of young children.

presented the winners in a awards to ceremony only slightly less pretentious ""pHESE are not easy times in which than the traditional flag festival which our girls are growing up, for war Honor Badge 60 difficult conditions necessitate many the of tourney one proved andopened /""\UR correspondence indicates that choices. leaders as close Are enough we in years. impressive Goldthe most

to many not underBee-Keepers do our girls help to wise them make to the Taylorsvillemedals went champions, silver awards to Sugar City, and decisions? A number of our girls may stand honor badge No. 60 in the field

of Public Service at crossroads, found on the 3 of confused, uncerpage basketballs to the third, fourth, and benew year's supplement. tain of This the is both course to take. look this They victors.consolation

Lee Roberts of Sugar City was gento'you leaders to point the way with an honor badge and a project covering erally acclaimed the outstanding player clear directions, sympathetic underdefense activities whereby a girl may in the tournament and as such was standing, with purposeful leadership. earn a war service pin. Perhaps the

awarded the position of captain of the Under wise supervision the girls will following example will make it clear.

consults her BeeKeeper in building to cooperate Mary and a summer five. allChurchmythical honor The love

states that she desires full of stimulating program enjoyand to start work posiall-Churchother players winning tions were Vaughan Barker of Taylorsable projects of service activity, and for her war service pin. The Beethat Keeper explains this will require definite each girl with fun. Honorville, center; Wallace Marvin of Tayhours of on projects that assignments she work may thirtysixlorsville, of committee Clinton forward; Nelson

Smithfield, forward; and Royal Jensen feel her importance to the group. that are listed in the supplement on

of North Hollywood, guard. The outof-doors is a "must"for page 4. She encourages Mary to include three or activities of these activities. two summer included: second Harry team The

thirtysix the up hours rather make projects offer a challenge to to forward; Home Twentyseventh,McTague,

all than to the time spend one. on Upreal achievement. purposeful Taylorsville, forward;Felix DeCleva,

Herbert Wilkinson, Twentyseventh, on completion of the first twelve hours center; Leland Brown, Taylorsville, Mary receives an honor badge award

guard; and John Dalling, Sugar City, inall thethe fieldotherofawardsPublic madeServicein thatsimilarfield.toguard.

She then an additional works twentyall-Church complete The tournament rePlan Early for Camping four hours service and receives her war follow:sults day by day

honor badges but no in any field part on the esponse of the boys and pin, "D FIRST ROUND this time. during are earned

, First 19 is likely their parents to camping Provo 26, Sandy

Ogden Fourth 48, Mesa, Arizona 19 to be greatly diminished this year unNow Helen feels she would like to

Edgehill 27, Santa Clara 23 less the Scoutmasters and other Scoutdo her part in defense service but beFirst Springville 34, 32 Twentyseventh the camping to she is program. ers promote cause anxious become an Honor Fourteenth 30 Smithfield 65, Ogden in this has not kind Girl she rather BeeHive of work would have 50, Rupert, Idaho 24 Training Hollywood North

Sugar City 39, Bonneville 35 only a peacetime value but it also has three Honor Badges as a result of the

Taylorsville 27, Aurora, Idaho 16 a special value on account of hazards thirtysix hours spent on war service.

SECOND ROUND connected with war time. She chooses in the seven fieldshonor

Taylorsville 42, Edgehill 17 Elementary plans of camping and the badges in cooking, canning, farming,

Sugar City 43, Provo Third 30 ability of a boy to care for himself in sewing, etc., which are very similar to

Twentyseventh 47, Smithfield 42 the open are particularly valuable asthose under No. 60 for which she would

Ogden Fourteenth 20, Springville First 40 sets. The 1943 slogan is particularly receive honor badge credit as usual but

35, Clara 28 Santa Aurora applicable reference with camping: to the hours would not apply toward her First 31, Bonneville 22 Sandy

up, toughen pin. carry "Buckle down, service and war Fifth 22, 21 Rupert Second Mesa

North Hollywood 43, Ogden Fourth 30 on to victory."

THIRD ROUND Scout Supplement Camping

Taylorsville 34, Twentyseventh 29

Sugar City 44, North 22 /\nce again, attention is directed to T Tow about summer camping? ReHollywood

Ogden Fourth 39, Provo Third 29 the Scouting supplement. This strictions on travel and food this

Smithfield 48, Edgehill 15 pamphlet contains some thirty or forty year will naturally limit what we are

First Springville Clara 22 short 39, Santa stories and poems suitable for use able to line. along this do However,

Bonneville 24, Fifth 22 Mesa of Scoutmasters. all as far consistent, as our girls should FINAL ROUND

Twentyseventh 39, North Hollywood 36 enjoy the outof-doors. BeeKeepers

(for third place) should take extra precautions in making

Taylorsville 44, Sugar City 23 adequate preparations and in seeing that (for championship) the undertakings are not too hard on the

Smithfield 44, Ogden Fourth 33 Summer Work girls physically and that enough adults (for fourth place)

Springville First 45, Bonneville 28 Tt is important that every swarm reare along so that the girls are well (for fifth place) main fully organized and active durchaperoned.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

SAM BRANNAN (Continued [com page 281) when the Battalion's term of enlistment The war was ending, hostilities had occupation. The remainder of the Batneared its end, military authorities were ceased, their obligation to the nation

talion was detailed to the drudging implored by the natives to retain Morvalorously paid. Zionto-bebuilt had

labor of baking, repairing the village mons as garrison troops in preference need of their sturdy hearts and brawn.

structures, and building a fort atop the to the less reliable companies who must So, on July 16, 1847, after all comhill west of town. This fortification, assume this important duty when the panies of the Battalion were marched

on the same hill where Gillespie had Battalion had gone its way. In San from the various garrison posts up

been forced to stand siege, was to be Diego, where Company B was quarand down the coast and reunited in large enough to quarter two hundred tered, a petition was signed by every Los Angeles, a brief musteringout soldiers, and stout enough to withstand person in town. ceremony was conducted, and the men

assault until aid could be brought from discharged from service. Eightyone

San Diego, San Francisco, or MonIn May, before General Kearny deof the brethren elected to remain under terey. It stood directly over the presparted for the east, he made strenuous arms for an additional six months.

ent Broadway tunnel (the site now efforts to reenlist the Battalion. Tyler These were sent back to San Diego for

marked with staff and flag). It was records: garrison duty.

dedicated as Fort Moore on Los AnOn the 4th of May, an order was read At 3 o'clock p.m. the five companies of

geles'first Fourth of July celebration, from Col. Cooke, giving the Battalion the the Battalion were formed according to

with solemn and impressive flagrais- privilege of being discharged on condition the letter of the company, with A in front ing ceremony. Even its flagpole was a of being reenlisted for three years as U. S. and E in rear, leaving a few feet of space

distinctive Mormon achievement. Dragoons; but under the circumstances the between. The notorious Lieutenant A. J.

generous proposition could not consistently Smith then marched down between the lines... A company of natives and Mormons be accepted. in one direction and back between the next

were sent to the San Bernardino mountains lines, then in a low tone of voice said: "You

to fell the tallest trees they could find for Regarding Kearny's address to the are discharged."This was all there was

a pole. A long time passed before they Battalion on the tenth of the same of the ceremony of mustering out of service

returned and the authorities became wormonth, Tyler states: this veteran corps of living martyrs to the

ried. Finally on the old Mission Road a cause of their country and religion. None

in the unsettled with us He sympathized regretted seen of the Lieutenant's the brevand of manylarge cloud men dust was thought, but of our people, as It heard. fact, ity; in it rather pleased was condition them. 7 were groaningscreakings and

the flag pole cavalcade! Everyone was their final destination was not definitely

relieved. It had two tree trunks, one about settled, we had better reenlist for another 'T'hey at last were freed from the

year, doubttime which would feet, the war by mounted 75 other about feet and the90 still soldier's there reyoke, but settled families ended, less be our and carretas. Each twelve of axles about theon miles of wilderin mained a thousand location. In conclusion he permanent 6'f an some with oxen yoke twenty hauled bywas

Indian driver to each ox.... The two said he would take pleasure in representing ness and mountains to be met and contrunks, spliced, made a flagpole for the our patriotism to the President, and in the quered before they could hope to greet

city 150 feet high, that "could be seen by halls of congress, and give us the justice their loved ones in the promised land all men."5 our praiseworthy conduct had merited.6 of the Great Basin. After musteringout and payoff, the brethren assembled

recruited hurriedly those time for musteringout Among drew As the place at the agreed rendezupon—a threw the countryregiments offers attractive into the nearer, many the River, three on were vous San Pedro

California campaign were some whose dangled before Mormon eyes to induce miles from the Pueblo. Fortunately

ranks were filled with border renegades them to remain in service. When praise stock and provisions were cheap, and

and the riffraff of the eastern cities. and cajolery failed, there were threats with the meager cash in their possesColonization rights, bonuses, and of impressment. Honest justice to these sion, the brethren were able to assempromise of public lands had lured many faithful men forestalled so drastic a ble satisfactory traveling equipment,

an undesirable to take up arms. While move, and in the end the call of loved with ample flour and salt for the refighting was the strict requisite, they ones and the stronger cry of duty was turn journey. "... The majority of

soldiers, faithful brave and issue. east madehad the deciding from the Mail those did not reenlist were orwho

hostilities of the closing with thatbut had revealed the Brigham and Young into ganized for traveling, companies come the chafing monotony of peace. vanguard had left Winter Quarters, after the ancient and modern Israelitish

Drinking, gambling, rapine, and wholeand already were nearing the Rockies. custom, with captains of hundreds,

followed. American desertionssale..."8 to "Tyler, Mormon Battalion, pp. 281-2 fifties and tens authoritiesmilitary were driven

wits'end in coping with a situation that Within a week their strange caravan was disgraceful to them and a source was wending its way northward natives. the terror toof California's through valley of the wide LIKE HEAVEN'S RAIN

Sutter's San Joaquin. Fort they At stalwart, the contrast strange wereTn Munson Knox By to barter. the stopped of consent With arrival had sober whose Mormons the "captains"of the brethren a few malignantly. so advertisedbeen They liquid forest's the roof rhythm on there, remained at accept positions to THE little, hard, complained theyworked inert into feathered crowds Drove until with Sutter Captain wages the

vices the drink and abstained from seclusion;they spring. following majority, The howlittle raindrop's hoof stamping naughty follies Each often them. met aboutand They ever, into hurriedly pushed the on confusion. into tangled high Sent branches spirit.in brotherhood and They humble Sierras. 6, leaving while September On I scent, in dripping as the wandered And the cup, passed they bread, theybroke the basin, that historic Tahoe came inleisurely thought budding was My faults their to anoneacknowledged with meeting at Samuel tent Brannan—who their songs, brothelother. Instead of like there. the that Designed mystery returning to Upon moment was San

praise of the voices sangsturdy God you, after Francisco his interdisappointing unto goodness His acknowledgedand poetic strange, skies a out pour The in with view the Brigham Great Young the oaths profane Instead ofman. dew, 's Basin. antipathy Brannan toward

until sting, are his Stirring serpentlike veins the Earth's cheeks theywith spoke President choice, his doleYoung's and blushing, heart. contritesupplication of Litthe ful things account of he'd seen, were is life limbs through plunged hungry Andtle natives Spanishspeaking wonder lost not the on of the minds brethren. shoots. and intrinsic recognized the Indiansand (Continued on page 306) trails like of are gushing, Yes, abundant you soldiers. strange of thesegoodness And thirsty rain, to the heaven's Clean swept 7Azariah Journal Smith History Journal,

sLa Reina, p. 41 roots. 8Tyler, Mormon Battalion, p. 305

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943 GENERAL CONFERENCE, SUNDAY AFTERNOON

SAM BRANNAN (Continued from page 305) sand and debris. On the morning of shallow rivers.

But next day came Captain James January 24, while inspecting the work When Marshall's find proved to be

Brown with letters from families of after a particularly heavy rain, he gold, efforts were made to hush the afthe brethren, and the epistle from Presnoticed some yellow particles interfair. He hastened downriver for condecision—whetherident Young and tothereturnCouncil.and winterThe mixedwhat theywithmightthe sand.be, he dispatchedCurious asoneto Mormonference withbrethrenCaptaincontinuedSutter, whileto honorthe

at Sutter's Fort, or push on to the of the Indians to his cabin for a tin their contract by laboring daily on the

Great Basin—became the individual plate. With this Marshall was able uncompleted mill. So rich were the

problem of every man. After discusto obtain a small quantity of the metal, sands about them, that by brief labors

sion and council, about half the numwhich had the appearance of gold. At in the evening they were able to pan

ber considered it wisdom to remain in the evening meal he disclosed his find for themselves many times the amount

California. The others snapped fingers to the men, who for the most part took they received as employees of Sutter.

at Brannan's advice, and pushed on the matter lightly and with considerIt is remarkable, that even after the toward the new Zion. able doubt. However, Henry W. Bigsecret was out and the streams

Those who elected to remain had no ler, one of the Battalion brethren, conswarmed with goldhungry men, these difficulty in obtaining work. John A. sidered it important enough to record Mormon boys continued with their

Sutter, whose ingenuity and sagacity in his diary: task. Not until March 1 1 was the mill

already had carved out an empire, Monday 24 (January): This day some completed and running.

needed men. Fremont had recruited kind of metal was found in the tail race But in spite of the elaborate efforts

the best of Sutter's American workers that looks like gold. of Sutter and Marshall to hide the

all 30th: Clear, the has and been Jan. crying riflemen. Sutter faced aand it secret, great traveling soon was by

last tried week. metal has been and Our mills for and manpower.need The It for of mouth. only remained word

is It gold. rich. to to proves thought be besober, an were hardworking Mormons to the cycle Samuel complete Brannan picked than have a more hundred up We offered his prayers. toanswer He afire. that set to the world was From this dollars'worth week.9

all work. to wouldemployment who to time the time early throughout such humble an words epoch was By Marshall, a foreman, His James spring the W. of discovery 1848, of news

this the Before out, year marked! was carpenter of by andnative Jersey New carried to Francisco. been had For San of discovery the gold on American breththe nine of a oftrade, crew took little the city reason the some bay on in California to destined River wasren, other men, a white three and numindifferent strangely remained to

start tide of a immigration westward the to Indians, and ofber up moved it that events turn into soon a would that face the the of change nawould sawmill was a Here Valley.Coloma holocaust. Samuel, that while But on tion. President of the United The "shirtBrannan's erected. Samuelto be visit his to store, Sacramento only not utilize States the subject in would a little estail mercantile the (as store"investigated the carried rumors, but special to Congress. message Through Smith Charlestablishment by managed to Francisco back quinine bottle a San

it, it, California and by be would made supplies for the furnished called)was stuffed the with precious metal. state sovereign of the a within Union site ofthis Valley, venture. Coloma It of the 1848 before was world May years almost boast and two a hundred mill, fortyfive projectedthe some was into taken confidence regarding was less population. In thousand than a fork Sutter's, the south eastmiles of on the discovery, but Samuel Brannan it five to mildecade was add hundred River. the of American state for the ample tardy made amends lion dollars to the world's store of the winlabored through men The things. of in hat hand, one with With then, gold. surface riches And when trees, felling ter, brush constructing a in vial the quinine other, the strode he gone, the for were too and wealth deep river, deepening the across anddam the streets of Francisco. muddy San the with pick pan, common and man mill race. for save a channela dry To his bulllike voice With he the shouted hosts those followed the lure who river utilized the tolabor, Marshall tidings, Gold! "Gold! Gold! from Gold the turn earth for greater would riches of the the channeldeepen the River!"American race—emthan to destined ever was from come the toploying remove men day by city the Within a deweek was glittering the of sands California's turning obstructions, stones and and serted.

in the water by night to carry off the aBigler Journal ( To be continued)

GENERAL CONFERENCE, SUNDAY AFTERNOON SESSION

with, the evils of the dole abolaway this appreciated assignment and the done ished, thrift and industry, independence, MARION G. the seventeen Welfare regions. I have under which the curse of idleness would be in gracious manner which you brethren

and selfrespect established be once more have received us.

is our people. amongst to be reWork ROMNEY Being thus intensely engaged in the enthroned as the ruling principle of the

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve activities of Church Welfare, I am led lives of our Church members.... The

to refer to some of them here. In April, Church aims to help provide for the care

relief sustenance those and direct of on sesFirst at seven years afternoonDelivered the Sunday ago—the federal, state, county, as also for and those Presidency,1936—just 113th Important Conference,sion Annual Message in "An of the

the heretofore has cared. Church for whom in the Presidents the Tabernacle to of Bish- 4, 1943, Stakes and April

oprics of the Church,"stated the guidThe progress proin Welfare made Conference October principles six ing of the "Church WelfareSince since that beginning has been unusual exago, a most months folduction Plan."Conference October At the

perience has been mine. With lowing, they read a report of what had remarkable. The evidence of it is apBrother Roscoe W. Eardley, I have been accomplished during the intervenparent in every stake. A record of the

visited in more than one hundred and ing six months. Their reason for intime, means, and enthusiasm voluntarily

twenty of the one hundred and fortyaugurating the plan was stated as folcontributed to Welfare production and three stakes of the Church in what may lows: processing would fill volumes.

be called an inspection tour of Welfare From those first general instructions projects and activities. We have held Our primary purpose was to set up, given in April, 1936, that "every bishop

regional Welfare meetings in sixteen of insofar as it might be possible, a system should aim to have accumulated by.306

GENERAL CONFERENCE, SUNDAY AFTERNOON THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

next October conference sufficient food and cannot now hold a job in the comand clothes to provide for every needy petitive world. He can, however, do

family in his ward during the coming considerable work in that shop. He

winter,"has developed what has come responded with spirit to the invitation to be known as "the annual Churchwide and there gives his full services. From

Welfare budget,"prepared each year the bishops'storehouse, wellstocked with great care. The one for 1 943 now from fast offerings and Welfarepro-

in your hands, if produced, processed, duced commodities, he receives a comand delivered to bishops'storehouses, fortable living. He is thus sustaining

will supply eighty percent of life's neceshimself and his wife. This accomplishsities for thirteen thousand people. We ment has been duplicated many times in

are getting some very valuable experiour Deseret Industries and on other ence in producing. Welfare projects.

There are, however, two objectives The Church has within itself the powof Church Welfare, for the accomer to make every one of its members, plishment of which we must accelerate who can do anything, selfsustaining our efforts. First, we must prayerfully in the same way, if the leaders will only

and diligently seek to develop producuse that power in the spirit of their calltion and other projects through which ings and our people will be converted work, that is, employment, suited to the and work and be cared for in the Welcapacity of our nonself-sustaining fare way.

members shall be provided, and second, I repeat again, my brethren, you and we must with vigor and in the spirit the Church members in general have reof true charity, which is "the pure love sponded magnificently to the calls made of Christ"(Moroni 7:47) seek to inupon you for Church Welfare. You

duce these, our brothers and sisters, to MARION G. ROMNEY have given time, money, work, and

help us in our Welfare activities and property unstintingly. There is one

to be cared for in the Welfare way. First, every individual should value more thing required. To succeed

Only thus can we help to do away with his or her independence and labor with wholly we must give of ourselves to the the curse of idleness, abolish the evils all his might to maintain it by being selfsolution of the individual problems of of the dole, and once more establish sustaining. This the Lord enjoined upour brothers and sisters. If we would

industry, thrift, and selfrespect on us when from the Garden of Eden draw them closer to us, win them to amongst our people. he sent forth our first parents under the Welfare way, we must have as great

interest, or greater, in as indithem of an "In stern the sweat command, is still amongst the a tendency There viduals in the solution their of personal bread, thy face shalt till thou thou eat to placeus our hope and confidence in the and success their of 3: problems return (Genesis the unto ground"securityfor in governmental economic

lives in as obtaining the do we material 19). rather other agencies welfare thanand

things sustain their lives. which Wein industry. busiresponsi- himself, the to our next have Second, no own We must develop call projects will which false rests the carried bility beingness individual for by an away for the service they render, which can chilthe of their for the world. his arepanaceas upon We and demonstrate to that family—parentssustaining them plan the is It Christ. the their of of dren, parents. children for anmembers Church The needs it. as them as they much need its ability, to leadare and ungrateful child the members beChurch having who,

ers—not leaners—in the solution of is unwilling to assist his parents to rePresently we are acquiring and dethe problems which confront us. We main independent of relief. veloping permanent projects. This is

well. "everlasting theof possess need the permanent projects to Church We Finally, individual the having done

insure fulness of thecovenant, the the of necessities goseven to he can himself, maintain the and is of life. that so topel"need (D. them C. which 66:2), & we shall theWeproduction his of be membersall family having done what

our guide in resolving all issues. On they can to assist him, then the Church, have a place where our members can

this subject the Lord hath thus spoken: through the Welfare plan, stands ready work in producing those necessities

their present when ends. employment to its see that will members, acwho I everlasting sent covenant mine have projects, let these develop As us we cept the plan in it to the exand work light to the world, world, into the to a be close keep to the people be should who tent their ability, shall each cared be of to for people a standard be andand my sustained the thereof. products by Let for his it, "according to family, accordfor the a Gentiles to to to seek be and

messenger before my face to prepare the ing to his circumstances, and his wants us bring them in and give them a hand in the developing. Unless they work before C. 45:9).way me (D. & and needs"(D. C. 51:3). &

projects, the unless upon there proare Here is an example of what I mean jects again, instructions giving upon which they can work, when And accordr accepting by the plan and in it working their ing to capacities, people, for the of organization His doing so and by to the extent ability. of one's sustain in afestablishing regulating themselves the rehabilitate thus and and

fairs of the storehouse for the poor of There is an enterprising bishop in the their lives, the Welfare plan shall not

His people, the Lord stated His purChurch who had living in his ward a have served its full purpose.

pose to be retired cabinet maker, owning enough Oh! I know that such an approach

tools and power machinery to equip calls patient, for intelligent, devoted, providence, through notwithThat my a small shop. In the Welfare a Christlike way service. and that I know tribulation the standing shall dewhich built, shop equipped, was it stocked and is easier just to give or to money go that stand the churchscend you, upon may with lumber other and necessary matethe and ourselves, do work just but all independent other creatures above berials. In that shop articles such as giving celestial and doing the money the neath (D. 78:3 C. world ourwork &

and 14). tables, benches, chairs, and cabinets selves will not build up and rehabilitate

are made. Many of them have been our brethren. We often do for our chilNow, the Welfare plan points the placed in our meetinghouses in that dren that which they should do for

way to that independence. At the base area. The day I learned of this project, themselves, rather than spend the time

of that way lie some fundamental prin- I was happy to see there an elderly and effort, and exercise the patience ciples for the Latterday Saints—and brother who had many years ago helped necessary to teach them how, and infor all peoples in the world, for that teach me the carpenter trade. He has duce them, to do it. But to what end?

matter—to practice. passed the most active years of his life {Continued on page 308)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943 GENERAL CONFERENCE, SUNDAY AFTERNOON

MARION G. ROMNEY maybe I might be interested in it. The

boy started out something like this:

(Continued from page 307) "I am going to be frank, I want to

To the ruin of our children in many be. I hope that I am understood."(As

cases. the young people term it, he wanted to

Through the Welfare plan we shall let his hair down.) He continued:

make a practical application of the "Generally when I am asked to give a thy neighbor divine command, "Love in as talk few days ahead Pa Church—a thyself"(Leviticus 19:18). it, it writes When we then Bill and Ma corrects

do, "the curse of idleness will be done runs it off on the typewriter. Then, of

away with, the evils of the dole abolcourse, I learn it off by heart. Now toished, and independence, industry, night I am not going to do that. I am

thrift, and selfrespect be once more esgoing to speak just the way I feel."

tablished amongst our people."Then And by the way, I think we ought to

the Church shall "stand independent encourage more of that kind of talks above all other creatures beneath the than we do; we ought to encourage

celestial world,"in very deed "a light originality; we ought to encourage peo-

... for the gentiles to seek to."ple to have the courage of their convicGod help us to speed the day, I tions and say what they think. You

humbly pray in the name of Jesus Christ. know, if more talks were given extemAmen. poraneously we would get closer to the

hearts of the people. Even Mark Twain

talks. said he studying had been He on

fifteen for years. MARVIN O. onesaid he believed in extemporaneous he got When

chance, he said he to give it. wanted

MARVIN 0. ASHTON I (Laughter) that. believe Now, ASHTON a

Let's encourage freedom more of Bishopric Presiding of the atheist, grandfather was my It is an atheist speech. as refreshing as a drink

atheist."thank God, I am an fountain. from a cool Let s haveDelivered at the afternoon sesand, more Sunday

the other night of the pleasure I had expressions that aresion \l3th Conference, Annual of the eating Whittaker, dinner with this if man call you want, in it spontaneous—yes,spontaneous com- 4, 1943, the Tabernacle April

one of the copilots with Eddie Rickenbustion.

ever I prayed in my heart that I backer. He is one of those rough and The boy proceeded. He started to

IF would have the Spirit of our Heavready fellows we read about, with no talk about his friend John. "John was

enly Father, it is today. I hope that pretensions. He says he never went to raised in a good family, good parents,

in his life. the meal After church I was will perfectly be unwhatever say good atmosphere. home goes He away

I hall in him, with out the is over, I walked If goingderstood. to say what am to school, gets the from away home

I I "If mind, don't asked: I and you will in certainly understood,not be fireside, first thing the and you know,very bad shape. would like to ask you a question—very John starts to smoke."

pertinent, impertinent, or whatever you to This marched Sherman man who is like other John some men. good it."call definition would of real sea, athe gave war has weakness. bishops of the He You it."it said: to letter is starts "h,"the with second He "Go

is attitude wards, what with yours John? I said: three alike. those letters "During last weeks are"e,"the and two or rigid? kind Are are you you you Do trial anything did ofI a religious have ever time you there a not suppose was do take attitude, the an of people do your

tall nature thinking, real you?"over did come morewhen we attitude take that ward an means John strong. is "Decidedly business back today. came wonHethan The man is I If not wanted more? any under-

I in is his vocabhave words to to going twodering new happen what my Christ, stand that not attitude. His was said: believe.'"his is to tobusiness, going happen what He "We so.ulary—7 to drive want you him Do from away didn't to to is talked Him.securities. pray God, educaworried. we The He Church?

If street is lonely is going concerned. ator were you very down much He

wondering if the clock is being turned and were waylaid by ruffians and you That boy is somebody's good son;

back, going to be turned back, and if called and shouted, and the police came some mother loves him; some father

things considered fundamental are to be to your assistance, you would believe wants him to keep the standards of the thrown in the ash can. Probably I am in the police, wouldn't you?"He conChurch. Are you going to drive him

not putting it too extreme. cluded, "I believe."out, or are you going to put your arm

The man who champions religion is Many details of that trip that man around him and bring him back. "To

downcast. Yes, he is upset. told us that were decidedly inspiring. err is human, to forgive divine."

However, as we are brought close As men get up against real trouble, they I did not say we should have less with death there are two philosophies get more religious. regard for the standards of the Church;

facing one another—One "eat and drink Last but not least, we are worried we ought to have more regard for them.and be merry, for tomorrow we die"—over our morals. To read the statistics We ought to put them up higher; but

the other "there are no atheists in fox of the liquor control in the State of Utah when a lad makes a mistake, let us be holes"With men as they are brought, knocks you cold. In 1941, one small kind. Do you think I am getting too

if you please, face to face with God, the county consumed hard liquor to the broadminded? Bernard Shaw says:

in eteris in "Be openminded, believe don't get but the predominating.latter philosophy Men tune $60,000—(you

I draft."$180,- otherwise, skeptical draft? a it was sometimes Do you thinkthough am in nal progression)—1942of

are turning to God as they never were 000. Now just a few things like that O no, I don't think so. I would rather

before. Whether they admit it or not, remind us where we are going. die of pneumonia through getting in a

deep down in their soul, there is reliNow we are at the point where we draft than I would die from hardening gion. Sometimes a man won't admit it are getting onto a dangerous subject. of the arteries. A lot of people die of

but in an unguarded moment—the botMay the Lord help me that I am underthat. In plain American English, are

tom of his soul reveals itself and you stood. A typical young Mormon boy in you too rigid?

see him in his true light. He lets the one of the wards the other night, made a Now, you have 25,000 boys in the

cat out of the bag—like the boisterous talk. I had a copy of that talk given service; you are preaching to them; you

fellow who blats out, "My father was an me by a friend, because she thought that are corresponding with them. They

GENERAL CONFERENCE, SUNDAY AFTERNOON THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

are in a new world. They have been The sun and wind had a meeting one So many Gods and so many creeds,

taken from the workshop into this new day, and the wind said: "I can take that So many paths that wind and wind,

life; they have been taken from the fellow's coat off quicker than you can. While just the art of being kind

it."farms, into beets, taking care of replied: to from The sun "Go The Is what the sad world needs.—Wilcox life.this is idle started the brain harder to blow, and the wind "An new

devil's workshop."I am not saying it blew the harder the man pulled his May the Lord help us in it.

those men are particularly idle, but there coat around himself. The coat stayed

are moments when they don't know on. The sun said: "All right, give me

what to do with themselves; they are a trial."He beat down on that fellow's

tempted as they never were before. back, and soon the coat came off. KindWhat about the boy that stays at home ness. RICHARD L

and is not tempted? What about that

Iboy that is tempted? What are you My mother told me a story oncegoing to do with him when he comes never forgot. It was about a fellow EVANS

back? Is your attitude going to be one who had sticky fingers. (I'll try to Of the First Council of the Seventy

clear.) to a myself went Heof rigidness, or are you going to be kind make Delivered at the Sunday afternoon sesthe he thought merchant shop and whento him?

was not looking lifted a pound of butter. sion of the \\3th Annual Conference,

He concealed it under a big stiff hat that April 4, 1943, in the Tabernacle he wore. It was in the days of the big

I of the state believe substance can like hats. are beaver merchants Some THE ADVERTISERS

I in the in one message have mind eyes some have schoolteachers—they

I it for the particularly sentence. I say storein their the of back and heads—the You Will Find Where

I people the Church, because of young butter the of keeper pound where knew

Their Messages was. know that so many of them are confused at this time. What I wish to say

Alexandria Hotel 262 Now, he's going to call the police is this: War does not change fundaBeneficial Life Insurance Comhe's got him hands down. That's what mentals.

pany Back Cover you think. But the grocery man had War changes many things, of necesBennett Glass & Paint Company263 another way of teaching that fellow a

good Bookcraft Company, The on the lesson.heat—butYes,withhe waskindness.going toIt turnwas 260, 263, 293, 314

winter. He led his friend over to the fire

Borden Company 291 and with all the warmth of hospitality

Brigham Young University 260 beckoned him to the stove. "Sit close

Continental Oil Company 261 up to the fire, John; it's a cold day."

Yes, he put on the coal. The stove

Crescent Manufacturing Company crimson a John. was Now red.—So (Mapleine) 315 was

It wasn't to sweat. a quesbegan John

Deere and Company 316 tion of rendering lard it was rendering

Deseret Book Company 294 kindness.

Deseret Federal Savings & Loan his butgot the Well, now, shop man

Association little far262 ter story is a back. The

Deseret News Press 318 fetched I agree, but John will never again

Fauldess Starch Company 259 "worlds without end"make a larder of

FelsNaptha Soap & Soap Chips..266 his hat.

General Insurance Company of Now, in closing: let us be kind; do

America 3 1 not forget that the man who has his

Glade Candy Company 315 weakness is that fellow that charges libhill to give your you Juan up San Globe Grain & Milling Company 292 his erty; that that fellows fellow leads

Hall's Canker Remedy 313 in battle with: "We lick them today or

L. D. S. Business College 314 Molly Stark is a widow"; yes, the

Maid O'Barley 293 daredevil that bares his breast to JapRICHARD L EVANS anese bullets at Guadalcanal. He may

Morning Milk Company 313 have his weakness, but when you put sity. It may change the clothes we

Mountain Fuel Supply Company on your slippers at night and huddle wear, the quality and quantity of the

Inside front cover yourself to the fire of liberty, do not forfood we eat, and many of our other

Purex, Limited 312 get there is somebody out there who habits of life; but it does not, it must

Purity Biscuit Company 257 has faults, but who is the one that dares not, it can not change the basic fundato face death to give you your liberty. mentals.

Royal Baking Company 311 These young men of ours who have

Safeway Stores, Inc Judge not the working of his brain, broken up the pattern of their lives to see. of his heart canst not thou And Inside cover back their into are service of the country go

stain, to thy looks a dim eyes What to those going to to want come back 295 Garden Tea light be pure only In God's may left, to take they up and have field places scar, brought from wellwon some Pacific 292 Stages A Union life, insofar permit, circumstances as faint thou wouldst only Where

Insulation Zonolite Co...264 Universal it. I left think their they conduct where and—Proctoryield.

Utah Engraving Company 260 must always be modified by this thought.

Utah Oil Refining Company 259 May the Lord help us to be kind. Our young women must keep this in

the definition Someone, when asked sure. too, I of mind, have They many am Utah Poultry Producers'Coop replied: is the place heaven "Heaven vital of pattern the to decisions make; Association 29 is kind."where everybody is their we likewise. lives And But broken up

Wheeler, Reynolds & Stauffer....257 will get twice as far if we will be less all of the decisions they make must be

rigid and more kind. (Continued on page 310)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943 GENERAL CONFERENCE, SUNDAY AFTERNOON

together. welded be can never L RICHARD EVANS serve cannot and Mammon, God You {Continued page from true doctrine 309) ALMA SONNE tianity said was Jesus. That

based on the bedrock fundamentals of Assistant to the Council of the Twelve centuries ago when it was uttered; it

life in taught which been have them distorted true today. A compromising, sesis at afternoon Delivered the Sundaytheir this in Church. homes and Denever Christianity vacillating was and 113th Conference, Annual sion of thecisions prompted expediency by must or apostles, His taught and by Jesus in 4, the Tabernacle 1943, Aprilnot be to allowed the a habit; become followers. his Smith and Joseph by

attitude in living state of a of emergency their in unyielding firm and were They Conference of General us a most not to allowed chronic; bemust become membership. for requirements Church

is important an the of Church thinking our notand must be allowed To have testimonies in which the I rejoice strength it receive event. From we offto tangents unsafe go of on because of divinity the concerning to come me as I sat It to occurred courage. me and the urgencythe of moment. I as It is great work, a work. God's

this afternoon this here and morning is does not the change fundamental in Church beginning. the said The War

that it is still a wise thing to spend a great in purpose and plan, in its prolittle less than we make; to raise a little gram. It is great in its achievements,

more than we think we'll need; to keep and in its missionary endeavor. In these

our birthright, in a physical sense—our days of crisis and turmoil we must not

roots in the soil. fail, for much depends upon our faith,

It does not change the fundamental our integrity, and our activity in the that upon this Church has been placed Church.

the obligation to preach the gospel. May God bless the Latterday Saints,

The pattern of our preaching may that they may be true to their responchange; the composition of the mansibilities and true to their convictions,

power that preaches the word may I pray, in the name of Jesus Christ.

change; our methods may of necessity Amen.

change a good deal; our work may be

done largely at home in the stakes instead of abroad in foreign fields, but NICHOLAS G.

still the obligation is upon us.

War must not lower any of our standSMITH ards of personal conduct. A uniform Assistant to the Council of the Twelve notdoes special give a young man any

privilege, so far as a young woman is Delivered at the Sunday afternoon sesconcerned; nor does it justify any young sion of the 113th Annual Conference,

woman in lowering any of her standApril 4, 1943, in the Tabernacle ards or principles or ideals, under any conditions whatsoever, as so far any 1 y brethren, we have had two gloryoung man is concerned, a uniform to ALMA SONNE iousto besessions.the theme.KindnessI thoughtseemsas the contrary notwithstanding.

for more M Ashton Bishop was pleading educational I believe I shall leave the statement that is a great the Church fitting; that I would kindness, and how there. institution, the training and supplying that like to tell of something happened

Our young men are making great the education so much needed in this sacrifices; a full share of them are in world, torn asunder at the present time W&W&WWBM

the armed forces, in comparison with by war and destruction. Its purpose

other groups of like numbers. We are is to enlighten and exalt humanity.

all willing to do all that has to be done, Today, in conference assembled, we and more, to meet the needs of the rejoice in the efficiency of this Church, hour; but beneath it all, our feet must be in its vitality, its power, its growth, its

squarely fixed upon bedrock fundaleadership, in its comprehensive promentals which no emergency or exgram, and in the wide scope of its acpediency or state of war should or can tivities. The conferences of the Church

be permitted to change. have always been a great inspiration

May the Lord God be with these to the Latterday Saints. We come

young people of ours in all of the conhere to be renewed in our faith, to be fusion that faces them, in all of the encouraged in our labors and to be decisions that they have to make, and strengthened in our responsibility, and help them to make all of those decisions we never go away disappointed.

on that same basis of fundamental The challenge to you and me today, truth which would and must determine as workers in this Church, has never the vital decisions of their lives at any been greater. "There was never a time

time. more cut off from Christ,"says a mod-

I know, as you do, that God lives, ern writer, "than the present, and there that this is His work. I ask the blesswas never a time that needed Him

ings of our Father in heaven upon each more."

of you and all of us, and upon those We have witnessed in recent years who are not with us, those of our mem- a departure from fundamentals long bers who are living in a state of war, established, a breaking away from in occupied countries and elsewhere, standards and doctrines that are as old NICHOLAS G. SMITH

that their faith may be strong, that their as the Decalog. The paramount need

lives may be preserved, and that they of the hour, it seems to me, is a return to me just three weeks ago today. I

may endure to the end and receive all to the oldfashioned virtues that formed was in Los Angeles without an appointof those promised blessings for those the very bedrock of our social and ecoment, and consequently wended my way 1 who do endure. nomic life. We should have learned over to the Hollywood Ward. As

God be with you. Amen. long ago that paganism and true Chris- ( Continued on page 312

3T0 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

yiCTORYPicnics willbe closer to home this year

UNITEDSTATES is UnrationedBut Bread—a Basic Food—

So You Can Have Plenty of Sandwiches!

Aren't you looking forward to picnics at a nearby park or canyon spot?

There'll be plenty of good Royal Enriched Bread for your sand wiches, just as there's plenty of it now for your meals at home. And remember, Royal Bread has that

substantial truewheat flavor you enjoy so much, and it's enriched with important vitamins and iron that everyone needs in these strenuous times..

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY

Salt Lake and Ogden WffiEM, FINE Utah's Homeowned Bakery For More Than 50 Years MeaD Fresh Every Day at Your Grocer's

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943 GENERAL CONFERENCE, SUNDAY AFTERNOON

felt such love, I never sympathy, such hands with me. else had anyone Has NICHOLAS G. SMITH

life kindness as I felt such and an experience has come today in my who (Concluded from page 310) amongst those people that were in that the first time that makes him feel forhe came up to the door, a kind affable man branch. I was thrilled to be a member would not want to come again for

extended his hand in greeting, and said of the Church of Jesus Christ. I did twenty years?"

It in."here. are welcome"You Come I to in the Church. worked up duty my sister said: held her hand up and One into that thing to not hard a gowas of assistant superintendent the to an be first for "I the time, today and came

I exercises,chapel. the After opening thrilled in the the knowlSchool, Sunday the at with someone hands shook me the classes, of the with one andwent I in the actually growing that was edge I door, coming next Sunback and am

all"for dissort of "freeteacher a had gospel. years ago about twenty Then day."

Itcussion. that he drawseemed was to to for the come opened up me way Brethren, responare you men who their class the as toing out members certificate I bringing came, Zion. my sible of taking for care sheep, the you feelings.attitude asked them and He identification Sunday with me. of As in are constant them, touch with who difficulties, trials their they theof were I the to over rolled around, ward went

I kind. fine missionary be a had younghaving, them. they overcame and how the I that thinking living, in which was in to the California out Miscome me he delighted class told to of bishop sweet be members know would Many telling sion. that he had was me He I diffithings getting that and had to member, them, happened had a was new little bit careless a but as boy, been a

I couldn'tculties say that Finally me. out to they overcome. pointed had him six said occasion, years he about one on

I to in English; said: walked up stoodone "Years up and very man much sixteen previous, about he when was

I of certificate in joined the himago handed Denmark. Church him and my office into age, years of he the walked

'O.K.'said: identification, he And and

little just bit of the bishop, ashamed. a conversation. the of that the end was his to forced For had mother him pay

the difficult because time "I a had tithing dollar earned, he but a had on

I the miswith that had known warmth althe small so he payment was was

I here. not in sionaries was Denmark laid afraid Finally to he most do LINENS DOUBLY I for meeting. the went through sat the piece ten cent table the on it.down

atpaid any one several no Sundays; is tithing."said: "This and my

finally whatsoever, and to me PRECIOUS NOW tention bishop, the writing said who was He I I years twenty up. For now gave

have wandered all over America, unout receipts, dropped his pencil on the happy and miserable, trying to find receipt book, stood up and put his arms him gave around and him a hug and all the time peace, knowing and some if lad, will always you do said: "My it not true, but gospel was that the was

this, will will bless the and Lord you you missionaries the that had lived the way said: that be happy."day "From He it lived, to be and as us taught was Water** I blessed, because it on every week was this I lived. along happened should be

I had street four weeks ago. I came to the my earnings increased until

field. into the to mission enough come this chapel beautiful and of a man door

I will grateful to that bishop always be me, to his spoke hand, out held and this effect of improper Avoid bleaching, kind."because he was said: 'Welcome.'and linens are fewer for duration now that

all responsiBrethren, our have we here, and next I was Sunday "The last Sunday I was here, and today I am bilities and our difficulties to face, but

PUREX is the Controlled -Action here. I am beginning to feel that thrill bishops, presidents of branches, you

Bleach—Gentle to Linens come back that I had in Denmark. who come in such close contact with the

fail to put never your arms members, to kind me."was Someone Intrafil the exclusive Process, by Made them. Kindencourage them around and thrilled think to sat down, he As bottle every has strength, the same all close else will ness keep above them into he the Church, back he come had speed. same bleaching Controlled This the Church. and to you that School before Sunday promised directed, Action as Purex, means used

is never too weak or too strong.It's safel that he would continue to be a LatterGod bless us and help us that our

Linens last as long as if no bleach were day Saint. I was touched. I stood up love and our kindness may have such

Used—or longer because Purex saves and said: "I wonder if anyone else is an effect upon our membership that all

rubbing. here today for the first time? It hapwill want to turn to the Lord and keep

pens to be my first day here, and as I His commandments, is my prayer, in ) came up to the door, someone shook Jesus'name. Amen.

// / v>BLESSED IS THE NATION A "BEAUTY BATH"that disinfects, too! (Continued from page 275) Of course we can help to restrain the vicious

A onceover with Purex, following the President Calvin Coolidge once said: andprotectionfurnishbya legislationfair degreeandofpolicesecuritycontrol,and

daily cleanup of sink, drainboard, tub, Our government rests upon religion. It but the real reform which society in these

shower, etc., leaves them sweet and is from that source that we derive our revdays is seeking will come as a result of

sparkling. More important, they'll be erence for truth and justice, for equality and religious convictions, or they will not come

rights of for mankind. liberality, the and justice, at all. canPeace, actually is hospital'clean, for Purex charity—these

these principles in believe the people Unless legislated into the being. not be They are excellent disinfectant. an accordUse

in government. believe our they cannot result Grace. Divine of ing to simple Disinfecting Directions theories of governare only main two There

on label. Easy—no rubbing. ment in the world. One rests on righteousIt is true that a country cannot get

Try it! At your Grocer's. ness and the other on force. One appeals ahead of its religion. The higher our

to reason, the other appeals to the sword. ideals, the nearer we observe divine

is republic, in other the exemplified a One spiritual stronger are the our law, and is despotism. represented a by forChristian forces. country can No gets country of never a government The CLEANSER DISINFECTANT divinity the Christ of Jesus sake and religion the country. of of There a ahead ILEACH THE &StZ&H&?ty<&&7t. in suffer. In lands those Europe is substitute the not can which by no way we OINTLI TO LINENS the superseded has of paganism virtue where authority for men. of the law

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943 \\BLESSED IS THE NATION"Christian ideals, there is bound to come tion. Yes, this is a wonderful age.

if there eventually, reanddecay is no these discoveries of However, all and Baby Week, May 1 to 8 will their greatnesspentance, former inventions not have drawn men nearer be forgotten. Jesus said: "And why to God! Nor created in their hearts

call ye me, Lord, Lord, and do not the humility and the spirit of repentance, things which I say?"(Luke 6:46). but to the contrary, to their condemnaHere is another inspiring thought. tion. Nearly everything, it seems,

a panel copied fromIt was that given should be has on the wall which been a / WAS BORNin University. at the chapel Stanford to blessing turned has to men, been

There is no narrowing so deadly as the evil. Many of these discoveries andnarrowing of man's horizon of spiritual inventions are now being used to bring AND RAISED

things. No worse evil could befall him in destruction to the human race. They

his course on earth than to lose sight of are being used in the most cruel, most it is civilization thatheaven; can not and this has godless inhuman, world war IN UTAH--- it this; is civilization thatprevent not can crimseen. are ever employed by They

it. for of science, wideningcompensate No their crimes, in inals to aid by them

truth, abstract possession of indemcanno efforts to destroy in their the ambitiousnify for highest enfeebled an hold on the LIKE JUST and eternal truth of humanity. the agency of man, and by despots who

What shall a man give in exchange for are endeavoring to subjugate the world his soul? to an unholy, wicked rule. SPECIAL

the in world, increased Faith not has will not say: But some one "Are we righteousness, obedience nor nor has

living in the enlightened the age most needs today the to world God. What MORNING MILK! it Is true seen? has not everworld

is Lord. nearer the to to draw We isthat to great being progress made faith in our abiding humble, need more

lessen increase the the hapburdens and for hearts in love our Redeemer, more is this in truepiness of Yes, man?"fellow for our Father Eternal our and

things. material toregard Great many is vital time, this a a Yes, good

in mechanics,progress has been made forces the to survive are we men.time—if surgery, physics,chemistry, other and the forsake to of every evil—for man

builtthings. great telescopes have Men the sin turn unto Lord of paths and

galaxies to thethat hidden brought have If will pardon. abundantly we who the of the aidview. have, by They call this, in confidence will do may we of vast worldsmicroscope, discovered will near. be the and Lord upon He as are ofmicroorganisms, which some battles to fight our will us help He their fellow as aredeadly towards men despotism and of the world cleanse

to discoveredmen. means have They the all fit it love for abode who a make aid the have, disease;control they by righteousness. truth of principles and insensible to anesthesia,of men made

pain, thus permitting major and deli- "Blessed is the nation whose God is cate operations which could not otherthe Lord"(Psalms 33:12). Let us Special Morning Milk, a finerall destined that nation our it was make invented have performed.wise be They flavored evaporated milk with

if will this will be, to we come and sensitive than the humachines more is vitamins added a and D, obedilearn to be ourselves and humble the farseeing touch, than moreman product raised Utah and—Aborn law. divine ent to elecontrolled eye. have Theyhuman in for Utah! you and Good of the blessings and the peace that can machineryments and made May

baby, too! I in the pray, ours, humbly things other be Lord mountains, and manymove

have they done too numerous to menname of Jesus Christ. Amen.

HORNING MILK NOBILITY OF CHARACTER ESSENTIAL

(Continued from page 271) his sweetheart is worthy of motherfrom European civilization. That is a mishood.

take. It still exists; but it weighs now only And what has all this to do with the Utah's Only Home -Owned

prostitution. it is calledupon and woman, answer greatness of a nation? The is Evaporated Milk Life order have spoken and social not flow does water their apparent. Pure

tolast that to her. All can happen word a healthy polluted from a spring—nor all, has has enduredher happened. She parentage. nation from a diseased all, all, lost all, suffered experiencedborne

all, wept for all. She is resigned with that Chastity, not indulgence, during the

resignation which resembles indifference as premarital years, is the source of death resembles sleep. She shuns nothing harmony and happiness in the home,

fears nothing cloudnow. now. She Every factor contributing to the chief and the FIFTY For OVER YEARS IPSE her all the oceansfalls upon sweep and race. over health the perpetuity of and

her! of simple Canker, in treatment All Aids beautiful virtues that a the up make

throat, and other minor mouth evil is just This corroding as dedependability, consore character—loyalty, irritations. and throat it ismoralizing as to the young to fidence, man trust, love of God, and fidelity

the young woman. In the Church of to man—are associated with this diaChrist of Latterday there SaintsJesus of in virtuous the crown womandem Hall's Canker Remedyis standard of morality. virile no double of manhood. and The hood

East 2nd City, Utah So.—at Salt Lake the maryoung approach man should to His of the Lord Church 536 word Theriage altar just as fit for fatherhood as (Concluded on page 314) wwwwwwywwyvwvw

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943 "L. D. S. Training Paysl"NOBILITY OF CHARACTER ESSENTIAL

{Concluded from page 313) the commandments of the Lord, to be

Whether we want is: Keep yourself unspotted from the "honest, true, chaste, benevolent, and

to work or not.... world (Jas. 1:27). virtuous,Cherishingandsuchto ideals,do goodwe tocanallwithmen."all

Yes, America is a "land choice above our hearts say with the poet Holmes:

all other lands."It is the responsibility of Americans to build a mighty and Thou, too, sail on, O Ship of State!

its all fears, with Humanity We're All superior nation. The history of the Sail on, O Union, strong and great! nations of that the proves past nations

years, all the of future hope With in fruitful the producmost and most breathless Is hanging thy fate! on

all tive of senile lands and become may Going toWork! decadent. In the present crisis of the nations of

While our sons, sweethearts, and the globe I pray that this great nation the north the and on Dominion may their offering lives are in deHigh School and husbands the truly a of freedom, harbor be and gift fense of the free of Godgiven

College Graduates agency and for the right to live without safe guide to the confused peoples of the domination of tyranny, let us in the the world.

the of Jesus Church of of of Latterday Jesus Christ May members Wives of Service Men Church gospel, restored the preaching Saints as citizens of our beloved counChrist, try, use our influence to see that men ever remember the Savior's injunction:

Former Office Workers and women of upright character, of "Ye are the light of the world.... Let

Men of Military Age.... fice,unimpeachablethat our homeshonorarearekeptelectedunpollutedto oftheyyour maylight seeso shineyour goodbeforeworks,men, thatand

and unbroken by infidelity, that chilglorify your Father which is in heavGet the training that will dren therein will be trained to keep en"(Matt. 5:14, 16).

qualify you for pleasant,

profitable, important work TABERNACLE CHOIR AND ORGAN BROADCAST in in the war effort and {Concluded from page 263) hills, may peace be with you this day the reconstruction period and always.

that follows. to (OrganJesus'Name"—Coslett)presented "We'll Sing All Hail formanceThis concludesof this traditionalthe 716th nationwidebroadcast fromperEvans: As we near the close of this the Mormon Tabernacle on Temple Square,

Register NOW for inhour from Temple Square the choir gives presented by the Columbia network and its tensive, practical training. Johannvoice to Cruger—'"Nowa seventeenth centurythank wechoraleall ourby affiliatedStation KSLstations,in SaltoriginatingLake City.with Radio

... from our mother's who We'll gladly send inforGodhath blest us on our way.... O arms,may musicWithandthe thepassingspokenof wordanotherwillsevenbe hearddays,

life all our through this bounteous God mation on request. be again from Temple Square at this same hour

all near our thank God."we us.... Now next Sunday.

All (Choir Thank Our "Now We 'of choir the Tabernacle The singing was er erMuell God '—Crugsang Spencer conducted Cornwall. Alexby J. (Choir Raise"sang "Gently organ and

modulated into "As the Dew") ander Schreiner was at the organ. The

LD.S. CrossroadsEvans: Thisof the SabbathWest ishourended.fromUntilthe spokenThis wordis the byColumbiaRichard BroadcastingEvans. Syswe beckon your thoughts again unto the tem.

BUSINESS COLLEGE {Continued from page IN269) THESE TIMESWe are now called to sacrifice our

SALT LAKE CITY who are worthy members of the Church sons. I did not ask you to rise, but I am

may go into the temple. No one else sure there are many men here who have

enters there. The rite is performed for lost sons. I lost a sonin-law, as dear

no one else but worthy members. to me as my own son. Almost the first

Long experience has shown that marexplosion at Pearl Harbor took him.

sacrifice because to sons of people our the young not members we have WHAT ARE THE riages between our young people and But the point I wish to make is that is sacrifice no reason should a rule, do not, as hapChurch why we work out

SIGNS OF THE TIMES? pily.oppositeIn isthethegreatresult.bulk Theseof cases,mixedthe ourEverydaughters.consideration of faith, prinmarriages cannot be performed in the ciples of right living, Church doctrine,

Order Joseph Fielding Smith's temple. and Church standards, requires that we

should single guard, our guard would for a as we the chastity of our girls. the lives, There and book—and be informed—$1.25 standardFurthermore,of chastitywe standfor boys

girls. We look upon unchastity as a are all kinds of influences at work to

sin next to murder. break down these standards. I was

THE BOOKCRAFT CO. For these reasons we have from the told the other day that we have a new

very beginning discouraged indiscrimphrase, that young girls who smoke and

P. O. Box 63 inate social minglings between our drink and may be doing other things,

talk as distinpeople people about and who, young Mormons""new Salt Lake City, Utah young

I guished the phrase, "are coined not the from "old Mormons."as we have

us. wish to say to them that those who

IN THESE TIMES abandon the standards and principles that bring temptation, that then you who of the Church are not Mormons at all. are living in the peace and quiet and

But we must all be "old Mormons."security of home and parents and friends! /"

We are all a little bit too sensitive to will give up the frivolities of social re-: C",:,;-the praise of others. We are too eager laxation in order that you may surely

that people shall say sweet things about keep yourselves clean and pure for us. We must go forward, whether them? Surely your sacrifice is as the

people praise us or censure us. We molehill against theirs as the mountain.

must guard the chastity of our girls Putting it at the lowest price, just good require would this muchno matter what anyone says about it. sportsmanship faith TRY THIS TODAY.... the plighted of of you. Memory

To the Young Women of the would demand it.

Church I urge you young women and girls to remember that in the schedule of ["WANT to say something to the young crimes, unchastity comes next to murnot subject to its yourselves der. Do girls of as it the Church, and is a magicflavored teaspoon Vz ADD penalty. said: "Blessed Lord hasdifficult The subject, written gingerbread I have down favorite your to Mapleine..

what I wish to say. are the pure in heart: for they shall see recipe or to prepared gingerbread mix.

with Vz pan of greased bottom God"(Matt. 5:8). Sprinkle brothers, sweethearts, your Your blended have you in which sugar cup are in husbandsyour young the armed pineArrange Mapleine. of teaspoon Vz

theirservice country. of Paradox gingerbread The Great They went Pour in pan. rings apple

away with pledges of devotion and batter over pineapple. Bake as usual.

loyalty to you, pledges that they would "\17hat a tragic spectacle man is showTurn out, serve hot with whipped cream.

keep themselves sexually clean. You ing to his God today. We have

are hoping, praying, and expecting that rightly boasted for nearly a hundredthey will keep their pledges to the letter. years that in this, the Last Dispensation A tonguetickling blend offlavors,

You made counter pledges orally or in of the Fulness of Times, the Lord was this dessert spells m-m-more!"

your hearts. You expect them to keep pouring out His inspiration and His Mapleine brings a tempting flavor

their pledges; they expect you to keep blessings upon all the world, unlocking of its own, accents spice and fruit

yours. Either violating the pledge, has to His children secrets that never were flavors, too! Discover the dozens

no right to expect its observance by the dreamed of by the ancients, giving them of winning ways that Mapleine other. powers and dominions over the forces perks up your vital foods in '42.

Furthermore, you young women and of nature, bringing under subjection alGives a new zest to main dishes!

girls, whose loved ones are in the servmost the universe. Look at what the last Imparts delicious flavor to quick,

ice, expect them to keep themselves century has given us in art, literature, economical syrup! Get a bottle of

pure in mind and heart as well as in science, discoveries, for our blessing and Mapleine from your grocer today.

body. You expect them to remember advancement. God gave all this to us

that the Lord said: "Whosoever lookto bless us. And then consider that

in this lust after terrible hour,eth now, to her hath every on a woman deMAPLEINEIMITATION MAPLE FLAVOR in vice, adultery invention, with every her alreadycommitted discovery every his heart"(Matt. 5:28); and that in God gave us to bless us is being used for syrup... for flavoring

our day He has added: "If any shall to destroy one another in one of the

commit adultery in their hearts, they most barbarous wars of all time. God

will shallshall the Spirit, not but deny not have hold guiltless those responsible 'SHE'LL APPRECIATE* for this faiththe 63: fear"holocaust. (D. and shall & C.

16). That they may be free from this God give us strength and power to YOUR

expect the heart,sin of them you evil. to resist here, the You brethren govREMEMBERING HER associasocial clear whollykeep from erning authority of the Church, have

tions with bad companions, men or almost infinite power in your hands, if WITH women. You expect them to forego you will but reach out and magnify

those light or frivolous amusements or your callings and live righteously. The VClOlA,6

this notwithstanding they expect of Personalyou your responsibilities.—yourecreations that might lead to this sin, brethren today have time and again told CANDIES ofare subject repeated periods over ly I think of the responsibility always

time to the hazard of immediate death I have; it helps to keep me at least

itself, periods which give rise to the reasonably humble. But think also of

imperative need for intervals of relaxthe power that you have, the power to ation and diversion so that reason may bless, the power to heal, the power to retain her throne and insanity be kept do all the things that the Lord wants off. done. The Lord will hold us responAll this you expect of them. sible for the exercise of that power.

May they not rightfully expect as May He help you, I repeat, to magnify much of you? May they not justly your calling. May you be able to bring

expect that you too will remain free to the people in the times that are to comfort, consolation. come, and May this sin only, bodily but from notfrom in- * WARTIME DEMANDS build you to up their faith, He helpsin they well? as of not the heart May SHORTAGES TEMPORARY their CAUSE crease their testimonies, develop subject to are that if theyexpect who OF OUR CANDIES so knowledge, really honor that you may of subject war,the horrors misery and

to the stress and strain of mortal comHis Priesthood, exercising the full funcWe appreciate your cooperation bat, often hand to hand, that if they, to tions thereof. Ask your dealer for Glade's

remain pure and clean, shall stay in May God bless us always, I humbly "11 it's Glade's—-it's good"

camp away from the social diversions pray, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

.

PIONEER DIARY

(Concluded from page 273) ish their provisions, build boats &c. Br.

cattle & one wagon for the benefit of [Ezra O] Benson returns, who left a the cause. week ago to visit the Camp. Br. &

Friday, June 5. Col. M[arkham] Sisjter] Smoot call'd on us.

left for Nauvoo. S. Smith, Adeline

[Snow], Aunt G. & Harriet [Snow] Wednesday, June 24. It has been

arrive. very cold & windy for several days

Sunday, June 7. Yesterday I was commenc'd raining in the night, rain'd

sent for to visit Lorenzo, found him all day. Monday eve [ning] a meet was

call'd & a letter read from Headquarters worse—Orson Pratt crossed the river

today after meeting. Orson Hyde arcalling for 100 men, baggage, wagons,

riv'd yesterday or the day before. Yes- &c. Reported that Boggs is ahead of

KEEPING your combine in shape terday, saw Leonora [Lorenzo Snow's the Camp with troops—My health imfor efficient performance and sister] & the girls [daughters Cornelia proving—Yes[terday] sis[ter] Gleason

life is matter a hat of more Lord, a maximum my my of and the pleasure of sewed braid—O Melissa]—but

of work. care systematic for than hard that I health pray be God, I may our meeting our brothwas lessened by

It's making sure that everything is er's severe illness. useful.

tight, cutting parts sharp, moving Wednesday, June 10.

parts well lubricated at the operates proper speed... thatfor theit river.Smith & Calvin start for Fox

crop you're harvesting. Thursday, June 1 1. Lorenzo seems considerably betKeep it Properly Repaired ter; in the eve'I returned to

Br. M[arkham's]. The last

in few pass'd days have such O the Before feel rush anxiety—-I reason great

of harvest, check for thankfulness that the Lord your comover bine thoroughly. has giv'n me strength to adall loose Tighten minister to Lforenzo]. Time

connections. Reimperceptibly passes almost or place worn

broken parts. yet arevery the day brings

condition Check rival of saints from the City of V-belts and chains. Align

sheaves. Adjust [Nauvoo] and the departure

safety slip of saints from Mount Pisgah.

clutches.clutches. enginedrivenengine-driven combines,combines, OnOn givegive Amasa Lyman crosses the thethe the engineline samesame carecare vouyou wouldwould vouryour

tractor. river with Cornelia,today—parted&c.

Saturday, Sent June 13.

Operate at Proper Speed for again to visit L[orenzo] him worse, stayed—found

crop your till eWhen [ning]. Proeve Sunfday]

to thresh ready pos'd that [Squires] Porter is—deada good speedripe—use garden. a inmake

to dicator make 15. Harriet Monday, June sure that your

operates combine at the correct [Snow] came to let me know basic speed. Then that Lforenzo] is very ravregulate according. I walk'd over & found ing to the requirements of your him in a distressed condition.

*""crop. Adjust tension V-belts. on the sugFather Hfuntington] 6 Gen. Follow exactly

gestions in your combine operating manual. R[ich] soon came. They administer'd to him & leaving

him in the care of Br. Hoyt, t:

See Your Implement Dealer said they would go & clothe & pray for him in the order.

repairs When the of soon He for are needed THE THIS ON OF DATES THOSE ARE MAP THE the return of short your Deere John a became Priesthood.calm—had PARTY ADVANCE SEVERAL AND ARE WEEKS get Combine, R. I sat IN in the eve[ning]. him ELIZA WHICH AHEAD OF paroxysm by THE GROUP repair genuine TRAVELED, AS BE WILL SEEN SNOW FROM all parts from quietly. your P[orter rested IN night—he DIARY DATES THE THE dealer. your

is Squires] at Father garden making a needsIf combine overhaulgeneral [orley] 's camp. Friday, M June 26. Amos Rogers died the ing, he has Tuesday, June 16. Elder [Wilford] last night. facilities to do a

efficient thorough, to see very a Woodruff 27. that Saturday, a mesJune us—had Heard job.

'd to pleasant administer his contacts combine with through thro'pass'd senger manyFurthermore, here on Thursday interview—hecall'd

for give advice owners, can he you good [orenzo] L [ning] bringing that Col. eve word conditions. harvesting unusual

17. Lforenzo] Wednesday, June the at Backenstos were Markham &

In this period of national emergency, it was baptized [for his health]—I rehead of a Com[pany] of troops last

is to present combine important your make in the Col. to turned M[arkham's] to at defeat Williams Sunday who was to efficiently last operate as it as and evening. to labor, grain, time, save and J>ossible &c. with Point Golden's 500 Lformob

it is f yours Deere a Combine, John was lit18. Thursday, Rain'd very June his driv'n tent enzo] to our had wagon for of built grainsaving years lowcost,

tle, finish planting our gardens. people it will harvesting. care, give proper With his I could not purdisuade from him &

service. longer you

I 20. Saturday, a Yes[terday] but to pose with Father must June go him

JOHN DEERE letterCamp whichwas receiv'dis 125 m[ile]sfrom fromBrigham'shere, a[Isaacmile C]up Morley'sthe river,settlementwhere Porterabout

MOLINE, ILLINOIS where they propose stopping to replen- [Squires] has made a garden. Forgot

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

PIONEER DIARY to mention that four Government OffiPratt arriv'd from the Camp in two I have been quite sick since I left cers were here on Friday to raise voldays or a little more—a meeting call'd Mt. Pisgah—am some better.unteers for the Mexican war.—[Efra C] Benson who with father Thursday, July 2. L [orenzo] walk'd

Huntington [Chas. Rich, Gen. the [on] from the to & garden C] wag 30. very Tuesday, heavy June A is the form'd here, presidency appointed getting is well. seems weather The lastrain [Isaac eve[ning]. Fath[er] to the take of place in E. hot. Page extremely J[ohn] this afterfam[ily] leave Morley &G] the of I[saac] 5. Twelve. quorum Little, is Br. Sunday, MoreJuly who I sis[ter] for to the west.noon wrote

fill is ly for to to sent return be his to preside appointed & the over eastern last K[imball]. andW[oodruff] The

f place as [selor] [ather] to [untis at Coun churches, meeting his today on H is all for the to from comeword Camp ington]. of with500 to the Com[pany] business with from way Twelve A can.on who families call'd out to are for with go Washington.

Wednesday, July 1. Pfarley] P. the Twelve over the mountains. (To be continued)

.

THE EDITOR'S PAGE (President Grant's Conference Address) (Continued from page 267) time. The way in which these brethren the people now have to pay and notfrom being saved, except ourselves. We have assisted me, relieved me of burwithstanding the many and great calls

are the architects of our own lives, not only dens, responded to every suggestion, which are made upon them to buy govhere,of lives lives the the to but come in fills heart unexpressible with gratiernment bonds, conmy Cross to make Red eternity.the ourselves to able are We tude to to them tributions, and to contribute to community my Heavenly that obligationperform every duty and God Father. their to also regular chests, and make of requiredhas men. commandment No

grateful for the prosperity offer- I am that as fast contributions such Church to that ever us given but has givenwas God us the power to keep that commandment. has come to me and that I have been ings, Welfare contributions, and the

If we fail, we, and we alone, are responsible able to help in the erection of temples like, nevertheless for the opening months for the failure, because God endows His and in contributing to a fund to be of this year our tithing is far and away theservants President from of the Church in the used erection of other temples for period the beyond same what it was all to the humblest member, withdown built. the not yet of the joys 1942. One of my in allability, all the the knowledge, power life fifty years the tell I ago dedication that to was have you am happy we faithfully, diligently, necessary,that is and

properly to discharge every duty and every of the Salt Lake Temple. As a child purchased in the Oakland area another

obligation that rests upon them, and we, I commenced by donating the amount temple site. The negotiations have

and we alone, will have to answer if we fail of twentyfive cents a month and conbeen finally concluded and the title has in this regard. tinued making contributions for that passed. The site is located on the lower

purpose until finally the little stake over foothills of East Oakland on a rounded

This would be fortyodd years ago. which I presided—the Tooele Stake hill overlooking San Francisco Bay.

asThese were expressed raised my sentiments dollars fifteen thousand as a shall in due course build there a speWe

I repeat sentimentsthen, and cial contribution them as my the just before deditemple. splendid

alltoday, with cation. and soul. to join my heart I am grateful with you with are prepared forward to go We

to thank for their in I want the people fiftieth the commemorating anniversthe building Angeles Temple of the Los prayers in my behalf. I have not been ary of its dedication. on the beautiful site we have there

well now for a period of more than The Lord has been good to me, and just so soon as it is possible to do so three years, and yet during all that time he has answered the prayers of the in view of priorities and other wartime

I have never suffered any pain. My people as well as my own prayers that conditions.

days have been full of joy. I have seen while the Lord should leave me here The Idaho Falls Temple is nearing

the Church grow in these years as I upon earth I should be able physically completion. This is a beautiful buildhave never seen it grow before. It has and mentally to go forward in the furing. It is being artistically decorated

been wonderful. The business institutherance of His work. I feel that the and furnished, and we look forward to

—thetions insugarwhichbusiness,the Churchthe keyis interestedto the esrecoverymiraculous.I have made has been really its I dedicationam gratefulintotheournotHeavenlydistant Fatherfuture.

tablishment of which was given through I am grateful to the Lord for the way for the faith and faithfulness of this the inspiration of the living God to in which He has opened the hearts of great people, for their devotion to His

Wilford Woodruff—have been greatly the people and led them to pay their service, for their effort and determinaprospered. In every respect the adtithing. The Church has never in all tion to live in accordance with His

vancement of the Church during the its history been in as strong a financial laws and commandments.

time of my illness has been so great position as it is today. When I think I thank our Heavenly Father that He

that this has been a period of real, genthat in President Woodruff's time the has given them the strength and couruine joy and happiness to me. I want credit of the Church was so low that age to resist evils as well as they have

to thank all the people connected with he could not borrow a thousand dollars been able to do so. I pray that He will

the various institutions in which the and that now the credit is so high we bless the youth of the Church and give

Church is heavily interested, for the could borrow any sum that we might them strength to overcome temptation.

wonderful work they have done. I need, I am made happy beyond all ex- I pray that He will bring into the heart

have not the language to express the pression. We have enough money to of every boy and of every girl a knowlgratitude I have felt and the joy I have do all the things which it is necessary edge that cleanliness is next to godliness,

experienced during these three years for us to do in carrying on the work of that they must live clean both in mind because of the marvelous growth of the the Church. I want to say to the peoand in body, that they will understand

Church and the prosperity that has atple that we are guarding the funds that the sin of unchastity is to the Lord tended it on every hand. During this which you place in our hands. We are next to the sin of murder.

time my Counselors have been most spending them only for the advancement I pray that the Lord will give to the helpful to me. I have been relieved of of the work of the Lord and we feel parents of the youth an understanding

the drudgery of the work. I have been that these are trust funds of the very and appreciation of the dangers and

informed on everything that was going highest character. Our tithing for the temptations to which their children are

on, and I repeat the Church has never year 1942 was more than fifty percent subjected, that they may be led and before experienced anything like the greater than in 1941, and notwithstandguided to encourage their children, to prosperity it has enjoyed during this ing the enormous burden of taxes which (Concluded on page 319)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

SOLUTION TO APRIL PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—Jesus Healing a Lame Man

on the Sabbath "Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting lite, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed

from death unto life."-—John 5:24.

><X=X><<X=><><=><>C><><=><><=><><=><><=><><=><>C5<>C<><C><

jror the

HORIZONTAL

Girl's 28 name 1 Township 30 Jesus... him lie"John 5:6 "it is not... for thee to carry thy bed"Johnsrvivie (jOriae... 3 "When

5:10 33 and 40 down "of, withered, waiting

9 "Behold,.. art made whole"John 5:14 for the moving of the water"John 5:3

state Southern 11 "but... I am coming, another steppeth down"35 We have in stock the "fled before 36 the men of..."Josh. 7:4 John 5:7

the same on 39 "and 5:9 up his John 13 and bed"... smartest new wedding sta-

.... that unto... waswas thecured"sabbath"John John5:10 5:9 "said 40.."Luke 6:38 running together 14 and shaken

tionery ever to carry a 15 had been now.. long time in that case"41 "They reel to and..., and stagger"Ps. 107:27

prospective bride's happy 16 JohnThe (Fr.)5:6 43 5:13"he that was... wist not who it was"John

message.... Many 17 "ye... haveseen neitherhis shape"heardJohnhis 5:37voice at any time, 4547 SphereMonth in Hebrew calendar

styles to select from.... 19 "For the Father loveth the..."John 5:20 49 Thallium

22 "said unto thee. Take up thy bed, and..."50 "..., take up they bed, and walk"John 5:8

New and sparkling type 23 JohnIsraelite5:12of the tribe of Asher I Chron. 7:34 5152 "to"andputtroubled... intothe. the.."pool"John John5:4 5:7

faces.... Prices mod2527 "a"ThatcertainChrist.. cometh. was there"of the John.. 5:5. of David"53 Sleigh

erate. John 7:42

VERTICAL Prompt, courteous atten- 1 Though 27 Southwest 2 "angel went down at a certain season into the 29 "and the lizard, and the..., and the mole"

tion to all orders. Call in..."John 5:4 Lev. 11:30

person or write. 45 The"immediatelylast of lawthe man was made..."John 5:9 31 pool""there Johnis..5:2. Jerusalem, by the sheep market a

6 "having... porches"John 5:2 32 "In these... a great multitude of impotent folk"

7 A tree John 5:3

8 Genus of the fishlice family 34 Ten cents 9 Size of shot 35 General Assembly 10 United Kingdom 37 "there was a feast... the Jews"John 5:1

... thing come unto thee"John 5:14 a 38 "lest 12 Father worketh hitherto, and I...""My J/L *Jje5eret r feu/4 [-redd across 40 See 33 5:17 John

29 Richards Street 1819 "It"puttethis thenew. wine.. day"into. John.. bottles"5:10 Luke 5:37 4244 PerplexGreek letter

20 Son of Zerubbabel I Chron. 3:20 46 "same said unto me. Take up thy..., and

Salt Lake City, Utah 21 Unless (Lat.) walk"John 5:11

22 "Why could not... cast him out"Mark 9:28 48 "Wilt thou... made whole"John 6:6

x>cx>o<>oo<)o<>o<>oo<)cX)o<x=xx=x>c=x 26 Nova Scotia 50 Recording Secretary

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1943

Address) THE EDITOR'S PAGE (President Grant's Conference (Concluded from page 317) money, of their thoughts, and of their grace and gift—are enjoyed today by

direct them, to teach them how to live very being for the advancement of God's the Latterday Saints.

as the Lord would have them live. work at home and abroad, as are the I know that God lives. I know that

The Lord has said He would sift His Latterday Saints. And with all the Jesus is the Christ. I know that Jopeople, and I pray that when that siftpower that God has given me, I desire seph Smith was a prophet of God. I

ing comes no parent may have failed to bless the men and women who are have reached out my hand. I have

to do his duty, and no child shall have thus giving their time and thought and plucked the fruits of the gospel. I have

failed to obey the commandments of are setting examples that are worthy of eaten of them, and they are sweet, yea, the Lord. imitation, not only of those over whom above all that is sweet. I know that

Under the authority and power given they preside, but of all men. Every God chose His prophet Joseph Smith

to me, with all my heart and soul I bless man and woman who is laboring for the and gave him instructions and authorthe Latterday Saints. Again I thank salvation of the souls of men and keepity to establish this work, and that the

them from the bottom of my heart for ing the commandments of God is enpower and the influence of Joseph their faith and for their prayers in my titled to be blessed, and I pray God that Smith are now being felt as the angel behalf, and I am grateful to have had His blessings may come to them. promised. His name is known for good

their faith and prayers. I believe that I want to bear you my witness that or evil all over the world, but for evil

all true, faithful, diligent Latterday no man or woman ever lived and kept only by those who malign him. Those

Saints have given to me the best that the laws and commandments of God who know him, those who know his is in them, in supplicating God in my and who lived according to the teachteachings, know his life was pure and behalf, for His Spirit, for health, for ings of the gospel of Jesus Christ, that that his teachings were in very deed vigor in body and mind. I pray that God did not love and honor. This God's law. I know that we have the

God's blessings may be upon Israel and gospel of Jesus Christ which I have emplan of life and salvation, not only for upon all honest men everywhere. I braced and which you have embraced the living but for the dead. We have

pray with all my heart that those who is in very deed the plan of life and salall that is necessary both for our own have made mistakes will repent; and vation which has been again revealed salvation, that we may be in very deed

by this we may know that they have to the earth. It is the same gospel that saviors upon Mount Zion and enter inrepented—they will confess their sins was proclaimed by our Lord and Master to the temples of our God, and also for

and depart from them. Jesus Christ. those of our ancestors who have died

I desire especially to extend my bless- I bear witness to you here today that without a knowledge of the gospel.

ing to all the men and women who prewe have the truth, that God has spoken I say again: This is the same gospel

side in all the stakes of Zion throughagain, that every gift, every grace, every that was proclaimed by our Lord and out the Church, in all the missions, in power and every endowment that came Master Jesus Christ, for which He gave all the wards, in all the quorums of the through the holy Priesthood of the livHis life in testimony, and that the lives

Priesthood, and in all the auxiliary oring God in the days of the Savior are of our own Prophet and Patriarch were ganizations. I am convinced beyond enjoyed today. I rejoice in knowing given as a witness to the divinity of

the shadow of a doubt that there canthat these things that should be enjoyed the work in which we are engaged.

not be found in any part of the world—the blessings, the healing power of Mormonism, socalled, is in very deed

other men and women giving so unselfAlmighty God, the inspiration of His the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ.

ishly of their time, of their talents, and Spirit whereby men and women have God has given me a witness of these of the best that is in them, for the salvamanifestations from Him, the inspiration things. I know them, and I bear wittion of the souls of men. I am satisfied of the Spirit of God whereby people ness to you, in all humility, and I do it

that there are no other people who are speak by new tongues and have the inin the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

devoting so much of their time, of their terpretation thereof, and each and every Amen.

TC&! BETTER PROTECTION

—with an uitnoPoticyf

Don't guess—be SURE you're covered! Here's

complete, planned protection for the householder and family man—in ONE policy. Insures against

liability claims (personal and automobile), damage to car, gives broad coverage on personal property.

The ultimate in protection—at reasonable cost! GENERAL

INSURANCE CO Ask your GENERAL Agent—TODAY! OFAMERICAWom&0ffice

Capital Stock Insurance... At Its Best!

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

OF AMERICA CASUALTY COMPANY GENERAL

CO. OF FIRST NATIONAL INSURANCE AMERICA GENERAL

H. K. DENT, President...Home Office: SEATTLE

Utah - Southern Idaho Service Office, 201 McCornick Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

wimPWMIOOURSLET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY ICEASHES INVENTED

El Paso, Texas Dear Editor: Miller's icehouse caught fire, and though a determined

effort flames, the building to save it burned from was made states of our the to differentiate one of between an attempt IN to the of ice to pounds it 20,000 ground. were reduced With arisen very has Republic of a union Mexico there and the

common usage of the term "Old Mexico.""Old"in this inashes.

superfluous is as stance to in contrast New England,as if orwe "wereOld toYork,"say "Old"Old England"Zealand"THERE WAS A REASON and "Old Hampshire."New Mexico came into being when Wife (in back seat): "Henry, dear! You mustn't drive

it was severed from Mexico in the nineteenth century. The so fast!"

area embraced in both of these formed a part of what at one Husband: "Why not?"

time was known as New Spain. Yet, we never heard of Wife: "The motor policeman who has been following us

"Old Spain."There are no official maps in existence today won't like it."

(with die probable exception of a Chamber of Commerce edition) that designate the land of our neighbors to the OH, SO TRUE!

south and call it as "Old Mexico."So, "let's say it correctly"

short colored a rather her overheard maid make A lady Mexico.

her: called telephone up. at the reply then hang and She yours, Sincerely

at the phone?"was that who Virgil V. Peterson "Mandy,

Jes'"Tain't a lady sayin* 'It's a long nobody, Ma'am. <$>

Gentlemen: distance from New York,'and Ah says, 'Yas'm, it sure is.'

for which is check order for $30.00, payable to your ENCLOSED

in the of THE EFFICIENCY SYSTEM that a subscription name you enter we request as within the stake Stake, also each branch and ward Ogden brush the I needn't (going to "Mother, Marjorie bed):

list mailing to the check. attached the enclosed.. Each shown by is to pull tomorrow, tooth the dentist going need I?"

issue contains information and instructions with respect to the of the as all organizations. applied to program Church For UNSELFISH OR FOREHANDED?

there should think that reason be a of the Era not only copy we in the office of the stake presidency but in the offices of each Customer: "I want to buy three lawnmowers."

bishop and branch president within the stake so that at any time Dealer: "You must have a big place."

a question arises, even in council meeting, and in private interCustomer: "No... but I have two neighbors."

views,We wouldthe Eralikewillthesebe availablesubscriptionsand canto bebeginconsulted.with January, if A FROST FOR THE LECTURERS

you can obtain the back numbers, so that at the end of the year we can have the volume bound and make it a permanent part of "The expedition endured the extremest hardship."

the stake and ward libraries. "Yes, I understand they were locked in the ice during two

We thank you in advance for the usual prompt attention to lecture seasons."

our request.

Very truly yours, FAIRMINDED TO THE END

S. G. Dye, President, Ogden Stake warning?""So you propose to take my daughter from me without any

PROOFING THE PROOFREADER concerningNervous Youngher youMan:want to"Notwarnat meall. about,If thereI'miswillinganythingto

FOR being the first from their respective areas to report erlisten."

in issue the choice of of the rors found Era, March Gospel UPSIDE DOWN readers: following to the the goes or In Standards Gospel Net

Albert G. Call, "I is so immensely. admire Dr. Young He

City, Iowa; that reminds GeorgeJr., M.Boise,Easter,Idaho;Flushing,Lowell M.NewDurham,York; IowaMrs. perseveringMrs. Brown:in the face he always of difficulties

Jennis R. Farley, Salt Lake City; Florence Kooyman, Sacrame of Patience sitting on a monument."

California. mento, rather alarmed "Yes; Mr. becoming but Brown: what I am

discover report errors invitation to and The is sitting patients."of is extended about the number monuments on his

issue, fourth for the proofreader,"of "proofing the current month providing to seems good sport be which for a host of readers for to us acknowledge individually—and which is MORE TROUBLE FOR PARENTS too many

certainly making us watch our p's and q's. The first essential in training a child is to have more sense

Address a penny postcard to 50 North Main St., Salt Lake than the child.

City, on or before May 25th. To make fair distribution of

awards possible, the country has been roughly divided into IN FOR ANYTHING six geographical sections, including Canada. First person to

report a bona fide error from each section receives the book A woman made a purchase from one of the flower girls in of his choice. Piccadilly Circus and said: "I suppose you will be here on

# Wednesday! I shall want a lot of flowers for my daughter;

that is coming day."out on

the best AREN'T WE FLATTERED! she"She shall have in the market, mum,"replied the

Here's a bit of innocent humor—at our expense—as conflower seller sympathetically. "What's she been in for?"

tained in the wellintentioned letter of a guileless contributor: EVERYTHING COMING UP "Dear Sir: A few months ago I wrote my first short story.

... Although the teacher gave it a good grade, other people "Yes,"said young Mrs. Torkins, "I am sure our garden is

have called it too moralistic, too oldfashioned, and even too going to be a success."

of the publications. of excitement college devoid for any

that it to critics suggested I send same These you...."... "So"Yes,soon?"the chickens have tasted everything and they are

P.S. The Era did not accept the story. perfectly enthusiastic."

$ Ovid, Idaho THE EGOTIST WILL be seventysix in June and have read the Era since its He: "I dreamed I was married to the most beautiful girl in

I first issue. the world."

Mrs. Emma W. Porter She: "Were we happy?"

IN THEWAR JOB

APPLE ORCHARD

In World War I, Arthur J. Weeber was a sergeant with the AEF.

This time he's doing his war job on the home front—growing

healthful eating apples, buying war bonds, and acting as air raid warden for his district. Mr. Weeber is a real pioneer in the Cowiche

Valley, that little appendix to Washington State's applefamous

Yakima Valley. He specializes in Delicious apples and 60% to 70%

of his Delicious rate Extra Fancy by State grade

"With our farm tractor and family teamwork we expect to lick the wartime labor problem,"Mr. Weeber told

me. "We've got two orchards a quarter

mile apart and both have fixed spray systems. I haul a double spray tank

from one orchard to the other for alternate sprayings. The tractor also makes

it possible to get our apples into the packing house and cold storage the same day they are picked. This helps

assure crisp, juicy apples with real orchard goodness when folks buy 'em"

DESPITE the wartime labor shortage, Art Weeber had a good harvest. His elder son, Jim, now in the Army,

got a 2-week furlough to pick apples. Son Henry brought

home a group of Washington State College students to work for several days. Daughter Mary lent a hand—and Weeber

himself picked 1100 boxes to finally get the crop all in the warehouse.

With his eye on postwar markets, Mr. Weeber is continuing his efforts to give his apples a red skin—the redder the

Wartime apple marketing is here being disbetter, he says—because people go for red apples like a child

cussed by Mr. Weeber (examining young fruit) goes for a red wagon. What's it take to make red apples extra

and J.W.Hebert, general manager of the Yakred? Mr. Weeber explains it this way:

ima Fruit Growers Association of "Big Y""I don'tknow those big words the scientists use but I know apple fame. At a nearby packing house operated from experience that bright sunny days with cool nights close

by this farm cooperative allWeeber's apples to the frost point bring most redness to red apples. That's

are washed, graded and packed—then sent to the kind of weather we get here in the Yakima Valley—with

market in refrigerated cars. Mr. Hebert is a morning sun evaporating the night dew from our apples.

member of the Washington State Apple Ad- "By correct pruning I'm able to direct tree growth so sunvertising Commission which has helped make shine gets through to the apples as they start developing.

Washington apples known for outstanding And I thin out the number of apples on each tree during the quality. "We of 'Big Y* have done business growing season, removing all but one apple from each cluster

with Safeway for a dozen years or so,"Mr.—this helps the remaining apples get big and red. I also

Hebert told me, "and always on a friendly basis. place props under heavyladen branches, holding them apart

Present war conditions have increased demand so more sunshine can get into the apples and air circulation for our apples tremendously but we haven't is free. Too much nitrogen in the fertilizer applied to the

forgotten the fine cooperation we've had from orchard soil, I've found, steps up wood and leaf growth and

Safeway in past marketing emergencies"cuts down red apple color. So I disc in cover crops and whatKEEP ON BUYING U. S. WAR ever barnyard manure I can get."

BONDS AND STAMPS Your Safeway Farm Reporter <*t&*

# # i mm 1*"

- 3rr*fir /;,/. fSa/n 9 2%

< SurrtC"*- ap!fal

'6,54/ isura n c /n, 'Gain S 00/*+ New durance iis% rfl f

121.794 2 II '-23&.6S0

'T1* J '7 Mi * * -- * LJ&

A

": '"f"? * v,*. t.-.:--'"''

""'*.; v, - 3fi(

1;'for a Free America War 'Bonds

Life Insurance for Freedom Tfom

Want and Fear

I K ft 8iAI C itfKWikBEKFilAL P A M Y

MLliLH J. OKArv-T. phi: