;: ". '...:.::.:: '"''.'''

Graduates of Brigam Young University are in demand over the nation because of their superior training, not only in their academic fields, but also in preparation for life. The Church University is able to train the

WHOLE man—academically, physically, and spiritually in an ideal social climate. And because of this

deep education of mind, spirit, body and personalityPncfcaned together, the excellence of BYU students is recognized. Get your education the Y's way. Plan NOW

to register for autumn semester, September 2225, 1962. For information write University Relations,

Brigham Young University Ilsailliliil BUY 'EM...

'''''''vliiiiiii'v -- v;; -'-''';;:l;;r

in the new stack pack bag!

Chocolate SUPREME

BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS. JR.

ELECTRICITY DOOMED SANDWICH COOKIES

In 1816 an official statement was made in England which wrecked an attempted electrical telegraph: "Telegraphs of any kind are now wholly

unnecessary, and no other than the Enjoy the purechocolate kind now in use will be adopted."

Messages were sent at that time by goodness of your favorite, Supreme semaphore towers in a row with each Chocolate Fudge Sandwich Cookies tower within sight of the next. In

1818, John Bostock expressed an... now featured in the new stack pack bag

or current that galvanismopinion... and you'll want to serve 'em often! "to the Try 'emelectricity been carried had

utmost extent of which it admits;

and it does not appear that we are at present making any important additions to our knowledge of its effects, or of obtaining any new light upon the theory of its action."Within a year Oersted in Copenhagen discovered the magnetic field associated

with an electric current.

ATOMIC TIMEPIECE

Developments in the precision measurement of time make use of the cesium atom as an atomic clock which permits an accuracy of one part in ten billion or the equivalent of 1 second in 300 years. Measurements

show that the rotation of the earth varies during the year by a factor of one part in a hundred million between April and August each year.

By international agreement some Also, enjoy Thin and Crisp new prefixes have been adopted to Supreme Saltine Crackers deal with very large and very small numbers. A "terasecond"is a million

million seconds, for example, while a "nanosecond"is now widely used SUPREME SUPREME BAKERS to indicate a billionth of a second. BOWMAN BISCUIT COMPANY

DENVER AND SALT LAKE CITY

AUGUST 1962 553 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, arid other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for August, 1962 Volume 65. Number 8

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

The Editor's Page: Oakland Temple Groundbreaking Prayer, Art:

President David O. McKay 564 568569,582 Al Nielson579 Ted Nagata

Your Question: What of the Witch of Endor and Samuel? 576,586587588 ThayerTony SmithEvans

606 Dale Kilbourn President Joseph Fielding Smith 566 608 Virginia Sargent

All other art, Ralph Reynolds Studio

The LDS Concept of Marriage, President Hugh B. Brown 570 Photos:

The Church Moves On, 562; Melchizedek Priesthood, 604; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 606. 570575 Church Information Service

ERA OF YOUTH Special Features Photos:

Joem Gerdts Trek to the North, C. Frank Steele.568 RalphMax TharpeReynolds

Ernst Wittke.

The Light from Lambarene, Mark Evans Austad 576

Live to Make Men Free, Mirla Greenwood Thayne 580

THE ERA OF YOUTH between pages 584 and 585

How Many Stanzas Shall We Sing? 585

Gulls, Soaring Symbols of the Sea, Jack B. Kemmerer 586

"This is the testimony last of all..."Joe J. Christensen 588

The Spoken Word from Temple Square,

Richard L. Evans 590, 591, 592, 593, 594

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 553; Letters and Reports, 556; These Times:

"The New Dimensions of International Politics,"G. Homer Durham, 558.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

You Are What You Eat 608 Summer Salads 610 Last Word 616

Stories, Poetry Land Remembered, Leon L. Peterson 582

THE COVER: Poetry 579,614 Photographer Bob Davison chose the west side of Gunnison Island in the Great Salt Lake, looking west toward the Lakeside Mountains, at

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah sunset,taken especiallyfor this coverfor ThephotographImprovement is site Era. This the nesting for Y Editors; Evans Doyle U C. Josephson, Associate Managing Rla"9 Editor; "J* f5 the photographer estimates what to be ra Editorial Associates; FlorJnce HMarba; D. MARION Era Hank, The Editor; five of Youth between?Elaine thousand RAOTL.'Green,R"Cannon, Era'and ten thousand Editor;Rfof AssociateBlJUa!"Youth ManagingSPHANThe Editor; Art Direction: Ralph ReynoldsB. Sm2SiMSAlbertStudioL. Zobell, Jr.

Junius Jackson, Editor;SMHrTy?/Z?hM. C. Homer S. Durham, Franklin gulls. Harris, sea the photograph Nibley, Sidney Jr., Huch B. Sperry, When Contributing Editors

a - g*-* *** **- waswere taken,many youngJune 16,in the1962,neststhereand - f - scmTBusiness uanaW'-snWiEsn mmser: vem

as waddling on the around ground,

Saints. All rights still in well as a few eggs the nests.Sreserved. 1"SuDsmphonSirinhprice3- F$3.00m J"A year,"a"din advance;P.ubIishedrforeignbv thesubscriptions,Mutual Improvement$3.50 a year,Associationsin advance;of 35cthe singleChurchcopy,of JesusexceptChristfor specialof Latterdayissues

SeCOnd-?Iass matterAcceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act of October WWauthfriSd July tmt'"

contribution, Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c?teto

lithographed in full colorttsrba -lude *dd* *—* * "* Address Coverby Deseret News Press.

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA '"-:Vi "i.-jtai: AdHb Enlarged and lavishly

is this illustrated tenth 1. THE ESTORED classic. edition of LDS an GHUR0H Readable and complete, it traces

doctrinal beliefs as well as presents RESTORED a concise, compact history of the Church

In this of today. members volume are new CHURCH from the first vision to the many millions

in full color, in32 pages of photographs by cluding all Presidents of the Church and all the Temples. There are more

William A. Berrett duotonethan one withhundredthe illustrationscover in in

fullcolor process.

$6.95

This collection of masterful addresses by the STAND FAST late President Clark contains some of his greatest utterances, including Dwindling Sover- "Our 2. BY OUR eignty,""Let Peace,""AmerUs Have

Lands,"American."These An and "Why I Am CONSTITUTION ica—A Choice Land Above All Other

full fine discourses give meaning to our b>y concept on freedom, the American way of life, and the evidence of divine inspiration Constitubehind the J. Reuben Clark, Jr. tion of the United States.

$2.95

These two volumes present an alphabetical 3. SHORT

collection of gospel subjects.

Around these gems of thought TALKS, a talk can be organized or the illustrative material can be used to enrich ANYONE? a lesson or sermon. Distilled in these pages

are scriptural quotations, excerpts from serVols. I QT II by mons and writings of the General Authorities, as well as observations by

Gilbert Charles Orme a.theVolumeauthor. I $1.50

b. Volume II $1.50

Deseret Book Company mnifiii 44SaltEastLakeSouthCity,TempleUtah

Gentlemen: "itminimirt Enclosed you will find ( ) cheek ( ) money order ( ) I have an

DcscretfeSBooh Co. account.for encircledPlease(numbered)charge. Amountbooks enclosed $

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City. Utah,—u 1 2 3A 3B

Name

Address

City Zone State.

Residents of Utah include 3% sales tax.

AUGUST 1962 555 ADVERTISEMENT POOR HEALTH?

by DON LYMAN Here's one surprisingly Letters simple plan which may help you greatly...

Poor health may be caused or and aggravated by the lack of certain lifegiving elements in the meals we eat or by our inability to digestand assimilate some of these vital Reports elements. Sometimes a restricted

diet which is short of Vitamins and

Minerals is a contributing cause of poor health.

No matter what your diet problems are, we suggest that in addition to enjoying the very best natural and balanced diet that you can obtain, that you also take into your system each day, at small cost, at least a minimum supply of all the are that MineralsVitamins and ( 1-r ): front Doris row, Johnson, also to and be needed,known Birks, a STAKE FIRESIDE Eunicecluded Kay, Renton Glenys and Jay

supply of those elements that are Under a theme, "Married Sweethearts,"2nd; Sharon and Merlin Keele, Seattle 6th;

suspected of being needed. the MIA Mutual Study classes of the Dora and Bill Crabtree, Seattle 9th; and

Lyman's Daily Supply tablets Seattle Stake held a fireside with 260 peoAmy Jensen.

presistake F. row, Arthur Kay, Secondfurnish 44 elements particiattending. all ple you some During the program

Issaquah. Louise Warner, and Tom listened pants sources. to a song about 16 Vitafrom NATURAL Botack, Merrill row, Lydia temple dent;Third and

mins, 8 Minerals and 20 other pure marriage, composed and sung by Beth and Seattle 1st; Afton Anderton, Seattle 11th;

food extracts and concentrates conLeonard Moore, and each ward presented Evelyn and Primo Bacetti, Seattle 2nd;

taining trace minerals and other its "Ideal Married Couple."Maurine and Joel Nelson, Renton; and

elements believed to be helpful. Honored couples and stake officials inMaurine and Bob Hage, Bellevue.

Take these tablets with your meals.

They are food.

Let nature and your own body make the selection and combination of elements that is needed. If your

symptoms are due, or are partly due, to a Vitamin and Mineral deficient diet then Lyman's Daily

Supply tablets may help you feel better, see better, work and play better, sleep and rest better, look better and enjoy life more.

Formula and other information ri i i will be sent with your order. Your HELPS ERA DRIVE play, Lady and the Tramp). As the act

money back if you are not thoroughTo help the stake's Era drive, Anette and became more popular, more verses were ly pleased with this outstanding Kathryn Seaman, Beaver Second Ward, added by others. Members of the troupe

value. Less than 2c per tablet! Mail Beaver (Utah) Stake, staged a musical are ( 1-r ): Mitchell Seaman, Anette Seacoupon below today! presentation, writing original words to the man, Roger Murdock, Kathryn Seaman,

music, "Siamese Cat Song"(from the Sam Cox, and Kaye Terry.

Don Lyman & Associates, 1087 East 9th South, Salt Lake City 5, Utah Send the following quantities of Lyman's

Daily Supply natural vitaminmineral tablets: CORRECTION of Paul"to write his article. The sharp

100Tablet Bottle $ 1.95 eyes of Mrs. Maude Page Butterfield of

500Tablet Bottle 8.95 We report that an error was inadverRiverton, Utah, a daughter of the late Elder

in the article made of Paul""Land 1,000Tablet Bottle 16.95 tantly Phillips error the detected Page, issue. Thomas in O. by Haroldsen the Edwin March My name as she read brought Era. She her March the page E. 196 On Page"name "John address My in to records, conclusive evidence, family should Phillips read "Thomas Page."

City State Zone to Offices the the Era Church and Brother journalist Haroldsen, careful that both

I be interested in selling may Lyman's offices. error that regret the was sent to Salt for copies he is, had Lake City We Daily Supply vitaminmineral tablets.

I am interested in Lyman's Daily Supply of special histories, as he sat in the "Land made.

tablets as a fundraising project.

ADVERTISEMENT

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA RAIN BIRD for [VERY sprinkling need

i Whatever your sprinkling requirements—large

area, small area, along walks, under trees, on hillsides—there's a

Rain Bird model to do the job efficiently without earlier and completely authoritative statewater waste. There are

ment on the existence of preColumbian Rain Bird Sprinklers which silk culture in America by Hernando Cortez can be adjusted for any himself. part of circle, or full

After conquering Mexico he wrote an circle, and distance of elaborate description of the capital of water throw. All give

Mexico with descriptions of the temples, slow, uniform coverage principal palaces, the idols, markets, and with maximum customs of the people. watering benefits.

products the markets describing In and said, in the City he sold of Mexico, "They Thequalitysameandhigh sell many kinds of cotton thread of all advancement, colors in skeins, and this place is just like whichdistinguishedhas the Granada silk market in silks."Rain Bird throughout the

is for world years, 26 to "trees"Also, reference Gage's whereon in inherent every Bird Rain refer to the they breed must "worms"sprinkler today. you buy

silk culture and not to cochineal production. All larvae of the Lepidoptera, like Literature gladly sent free on request.

the silkworm, are wormlike and are usually called worms. Cochineal is a scale insect NATIONAL RAIN BIRD SALES & ENGINEERING CORP.

that is very small and fairly flat and circu627 N. San Gabriel Avenue, Azusa 4, California

lar or turtle shaped and not at all wormlike and would never be called a worm.

COUSINS MEET Sincerely yours, Four cousins recently went through the F. H. Harries DON'T DREAMmission home together. They were (picFIRST MISSIONARY FAREWELL

tured 1-r): Dale Barraclough, WestchesterWard, Inglewood (Calif.) Stake; Karen A recent farewell OF

Zaugg, West Point Ward, North Davis testimonial for Elder(Utah) Stake; Duane Youngberg, Weiser Gerald Brown, PromSUCCESS

Ward, Weiser Stake; (Idaho) and Betty ontory Branch

Hirschi, Park Valley the first j ( Utah ), was Ward, Bear River (Utah) Stake. ever held by the

mission first The branch. Elder the was the home time Brown jf'jt

four together to ACHIEVEr the first at had all been time. was also one Wl f||Hf

Elder Youngberg and Sister Zaugg were B v. receive the Duty to

students at the time in the of their at BYU God award call 4$& m fc in the Northand are now Central branch. States A graduate

and Central German missions, respectively. of Bear River High School, he attended

Elder Barraclough, a former student at Utah State University prior to his mission.

Santa Monica Junior College, is now in the He has held positions in the YMMIA,

Northwestern States Mission; and Sister Aaronic Priesthood, and Sunday School

Hirschi is at present in Blumenstrass, superintendency.

Switzerland.

IN HALL OF FAMESILK THROUGI Vale, Oregon Wenatchee, Washington Dear Brethren:

Editors:Dear for placing the year every Era in As the HOME STUDY I have I to close, as year, a every draws just read with considerable interhome

est the article in the May Era by Maurice regret this. It is always such a pleasure

W. Connell, "The Prophet Said Silk."The to tell the people about the Era. We are PLEASE SEND FREE

evidence of the existence of preColumbian again 100 percent in our ward [Vale Ward, HOME STUDY CATALOG silk culture in America is convincing and Nyssa Stake], and... in the Hall of to:

was well presented by the author. The Fame. NAME

citeswriter references the to mulberry silk culturetrees and by Thomas Gage in Very Sincerely, ADDRESS his account of travels in Mexico in the CITY STATE seventeenth century, but there is a much Herta Rose mail to Home Study

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH

AUGUST 1962 557 THESE TIMES

LETTERPRESS

PRESERVING

YOUR PRIDE IN CRAFTSMANSHIP

Perfect photoengraving The New Dimensions of plates time after time can be achieved craftsmen only with entire time and International Politics whose skills are devoted to letterpress plates. BY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

PRESIDENT, ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY, TEMPE

ENGRAVING CO.

1242 SANTEE ST. LOS ANGELES 15 RICHMOND 9-2396

If you were responsible for charting themselves while ( 2 ) seeking foreign the course for the ship of state, what advantage by manipulation of veswould be your statesmanship? sels under their control. Spain,

fruit and own Make your juice with: The basic policies which seem to Portugal, the Dutch, the French, the vegetable in seconds

have guided statesmanship in the British, the Russians, the Americans, world since 1500 AD appear to be the Germans, the Japanese, and the outmoded. If you were suddenly Italians—in about that order, from

FRUIT and VEGETABLE called to be Prime Minister of Can1500 to the advent of Mussolini and ada, for example, what would be Italy's post1920 bid for sea power,

JUICER your course? Or supposing it were all played the game. They also used

Has automatic pulp your task to replace Charles de the more ancient statecraft of land ejector, dual feed Gaulle tonight or Konrad Adenauer power against the background of that blends juices, or Harold Macmillan or Nikita fortifications, geographic barriers, plastic washable bag for pulp. Juicer Khrushchev or Mr. Nkrumah or and thoroughfares. Putting armed

yields 26% more Nehru, Mao, John F. Kennedy, or men on horses (cavalry), and after

juice than convenChiang Kaishek? You are com1914 in motorized vehicles (includtional juicers. manderin-chief of the armed forces, ing tanks), were successful varia-

A GREAT GIFT leader ( either by symbolism or total tions on the basic landpower theme.

only control, or somewhere in betweenAfter the Wrights, the states with 95 depending on which state is your the most advanced sea and land to the air. systems took Milpower ship ) of economy. the domestic 69 nonfloating (carriers) Floating and pattern people, of in the present Satisfaction lions Postpaid anywhere in the United States.

guaranteed or money refunded. Terms available. of existence, depend on your leaderair bases were used. Air power, in

dates of projectiles, probably defense and terms ship for the common THIS MAIL COUPON I 1 1 11 th East 5 South PEHRSON'S - 2 spear, slingshot, the and the from tranquility. domestic

! Salt City, Lake Utah

fired from the arrow. Gunpowder, state system, from modern The

1 Please at send Juicer $69.95. p me UDICO

1 Enclosed [] Check ] Money Order for $ 1500 AD until the Wright brothers ship or landed infantry, gave

NAMF- 'flew their aircraft at Kitty Hawk, strength and distance to projectiles.

Anr>PF<;<;,, was largely guided by two forces. The invention of the rifled barrel,

r ITY........ STATF 'One was sea power. Those states whether carried by a man, or one of

having sufficient knowledge of the Kipling's "reeking tubes"aboard

WRITE FOR CIRCULAR sciences of navigation, shipbuilding, battleship or ground artillery, added gunnery, naval communications, comprecision and more power. Aircraft

merce, and industry, guided themadded a new dimension and double selves by reference to sea power. maneuverability: the cannon itself

Their prime policies were, with the flew as well as projected its rifled help of nature's storms, distances, missile. Then came rocketry in

2115 South 1 1th East Salt Lake City, Utah and other hazards, to (1) protect World War II, the infantryman's 558 THE IMFRO EMENT ERA bazooka, arid the magnified, refined, and electronically controlled missiles in land artillery units, in naval andaircraft. NOW AVAILABLE AGAIN!

Statesmanship under these systems, even when atomic warheadsbecame available after 1945, varied prized classic inlittle from the patterns prevailing A since the year 1500. Statesmen,

politicians, foreign offices, military church literature...

leaders—call them what you willgenerally followed the inherited cultural pattern for statesmen. Almost

uniformly, whatever their capitals, their languages, their religions and traditions, they sought ( 1 ) to maintain the sovereign independence of their state, using all means at their disposal, land power, sea power, wealth, marriage, diplomacy, propaganda, overseas bases, colonies, possessions; (2) they sought alliances,

near or far, temporary "marriages of convenience"with other states, for their protection and for their aggrandizement; (3) they encouraged

education and cultivated the arts and sciences in military and naval academies at Potsdam, Sandhurst,

West Point, or St. Petersburg, and

in other institutions and media, in order to develop the talents necessary for domestic prosperity and security. Towards the end of a

400year period, largely as a matter of diplomatic convenience and neces- %sity, international organizations beHEHpL||p gan to be created, largely as an 50 expression of the alliance system.The "Concert of Europe"was ar- $3

ranged by the allied conquerors of

Napoleon after 1815. Its marly successor-instruments flowered in the THE HOUSE OF THE LORD by James E. Talmage

19th century, including the socalled Few outof-print books of our time are so sought after or so much "Hague system"after 1899 and the quoted as this authoritative volume on modern temple ordinances. One of

search for peaceful adjudication of the most potent writers of his day, two of the author's books, "Jesus The disputes. The League of Nations Christ"and "The Articles of Faith,"stand next to the Standard Works in

was arranged by the allied conLDS literature.

querors of Germany, Austria, BulThere were 46 fascinating illustrations in the original 1912 publication garia, and Turkey after 1918. The... including interesting pictures of the interior of the Salt Lake Temple.

United Nations was arranged by the To these have been added pictures of temples built since that time. The

allied conquerors of Germany, Italy, text explains in plain and direct language about the need for temples, and and Japan between 1942 and 1945. the author's powerful pen inspires the reader to reach for the blessings

These international organizations which temple ordinance work can bring. A book which every Latterday

and their accompanying systems, Saint should read and understand.

were dictated by reasons of ( 1 ) convenience and (2) necessity.

Statesmen found them convenient Bookcraft Publishing Company in view of improvements in com1186 South Main Street munication and transportation. They Salt Lake City, Utah

became necessary to the states and Please send me.... copies of THE HOUSE OF THE LORD

to the statesmen for the fundamental by James E. Talmage. I enclose my check or money

reason that if two or more states order for $ were in the constant, instantaneous presence of one another, no other Name state could reasonably afford to be Address

City State

AUGUST 1962 The scrubbable absent. The risks of losing out, fallengaged in the effort worldwide, to

WALL FINISH ingand behindthe powerin thestruggleallianceweresystemtoo convincesome or allandofcontrolthe world'sthe behaviorpeoples.of

great. Palmerston and England The efforts vary in intensity, intelliyou can AustroHungary.might not like ButMetternichif Metternichand gence,earnest. scope.PsychologicalBut all andare inpoliticaldead

were conferring with the czar of warfare is the new dimension. It

Russia's representatives and those has become the current arena for the of the king of Prussia simultaneously, power struggle. In the United

some people from Whitehall had States, the smouldering discussions better be in the same vicinity if at of new and additional forms of all possible. So with the League, federal aid to education, research,

and so with the United Nations. As government, and science, use of the

long as some find it convenient to Voice of America, the Echo satellite, meet and to confer, to plan and plot and international broadcasting sysfor power and advantage, all others tems from space, are some symptoms.

find it necessary to be nearby. This But the conscious use of beis one reason why Red China, for havioral science by states and

example, wants admission to the statesmen has deeper, modern roots.

United Nations. And this is one The issuance of the American

reason why those opposed to Red Declaration of Independence by the

China's admission oppose. They American colonial revolutionists in

simply do not want Red China to 1776 was a major milestone, marking have the immediate advantages of the beginnings of a new political central and comparative intelligence, era. The declaration attempted to

communication, and other attributes justify the American Revolution to of power that can accrue from all men everywhere. It was a means

membership. of weakening British countermeas-

Like it or not, the task of the ures and of enlisting support from statesmen is to seek power, maintain the French alliance, the Dutch, the and use power for the advantage of Spanish, and the Armed Neutrality their states. States and statesmen including Russian. "We hold these

who ignore this, or who reckon truths to be selfevident"—the enwith it in ignorance, cease to exist. titlement of all men to rights of life, BENNETTS As improved communication and liberty, and the pursuit of happiciations necessary after the NaJefferson's Notes on Virginia, by SemiGloss transport made international assoness—still rings in men's ears.

poleonic wars, the same forces 1781, were calling attention to the produced additional and major techneed for republican statesmen to FINISH niques in the power struggle, namely cultivate all their human resources, political and psychological warfare. their skills in the arts and sciences.

Goes on magically, beautifully, In 1500 a king could be heard or The French Revolution, with its with brush or roller! A tough, seen only in his own palace. Today Declaration of the Rights of Man,

superwashable finish for walls he is seen, heard, or read the world had immediate overtones in appealin kitchens, bathrooms—wherearound. These innovations are ing to nonFrench peoples in Europe.

ever you want extra years of servfundamentally an outgrowth of the Excesses led to Napoleon's conquests ice and beauty. Comes in 1,322 cultivation of education, the arts and of "liberation."Then came the

Colorizer"colors and nonyel- sciences. Today we observe incounter-measures of the Holy Allicreased ance, the in developtempo of states development of the doclowing white.

people. (i.e. that ing and manipulating only "legitimate"There trine

is constant utilization on a worlddivine right) governments should 65 W. 1st South21st So. & 2nd West wide scale, of ideas, forces, and rule. By the time Monroe issued his

BENNETT'S BRANCHES AND DEALERS influences to condition and deterDoctrine in 1823, the dim outlines in the Intermountain Area and So. California mine human behavior. And there of the future of political and psychoLEARN isconcentrationsutilization of ofgreaterstate andpowergreaterto logicalparent. Monroe'swarfare statementwere clearlyappealedapAT do so. to the rights of people to selfHOME! Governments, states, and statesdetermination, noninterference, and

always in to have something republican selfgovernment. done The quickly, right at men teacher. Learn own Be

instrument. guitar, piano,music to yourplayS3EHBhome, effort the to condition Alliance the behavior the Holy of and Concert it boring anyNo famous exercost. righteasy. away. picturedplaying Startcises.Our lessonssimpleall Write world. of their FREE subjects students, to impress religious and appealed Europe through

S. of LowforSchool makepiecestheaccordion,will No No Y.U. call.N. salesmanoverWashington, Port Studioobligation. tzoe.1,000,000book.Music, enemies: fanfare, political drums, for bugles, and to peoples media

paintings, parades, pageantry, all hold fast to legitimacy and to eschew

The most economical food wrap glorifying the state, its history, its the dangerous tendencies of repubyou can use! ideals, its mission and destiny. Tolicanism.

day, leading states and statesmen are Since Monroe's time there have

KITCHEn CHARITt WAXED PAPER

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HER HEALTH IS YOUR HANDS!

been at least three great lessons in ganized opposition, match wits, Your children's health is political and psychological warfare. techniques of political and psychoprecious.expensive Here'sway toan getinThe Russians and the communists, logical warfare with a state that more nutrition into their

especially Lenin, Trotsky, and Stalin, controls, mobilizes, and consciously flourdiet. a Stonefew hoursgrindbeforeyour

seem to have learned them best. It develops its total human resources rolls.baking Enjoyyour purebreadwheatand

is time now for the rest of the world to the end that more potent schemes, processed by you...

to wake up to their meaning. tricks, and appeals are made than.AUXUJxUU. avoid chemical additives.

The first and second lessons dethe free states muster?

veloped almost simultaneously. One A significant answer lies in the

was in America. The other was in effective development and use of INVEST IN A

Russia. The third is the conbehavioral science under the discitemporary colonial revolution in pline of freedom. The discipline of LEE HOUSEHOLD

Africa and Asia. freedom is selfimposed and selfFLOUR MILL

In America, the keen student of directed. Human capacities and reAutomatic

history, President Woodrow Wilson, sources, cultivated for their own #% PortableElectric was aware of Abraham Lincoln's imsakes among the children of a wise 9 Economical pressive appeal to the working God, have greater potentiality for Order today!

classes of Great Britain. Lincoln guiding states, and providing statesWriteChoice forof 4 prices!mills.

introducSave onappealed to people over the heads of manship, than a highly organized, flour tory a British government inclined to concentrated, totalitarian party apSend coupon offer.with

assist the Confederacy, by means of proach to the training and developdercheckforor 5-lb.moneypkg.,orhis Emancipation Proclamation. Wilment of leadership. The responsibility stone ground day

son was aware of the power of the of each man to develop his own shipped.

Declaration of Independence in the capacities, although aided by the LEE ENGINEERING CO

American revolution. During World state, is Godgiven. But God, reMilwaukee 1, Wis.

War I, Wilson consciously and specting his children's freedom, does LEE ENGINEERING CO., Dept. IE62

idealistically employed the use of not require nor will he ever force 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee I, Wis.

political warfare at home and such development. The true devel-.... Deaf Smith Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.50

abroad. At home he used George opment of human intelligence in-... Wis. Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.00

Creel, the presidential address, the volves decisions for each, ultimately, Name press conference, posters, the new by himself. The state is for man, Street

media of the film. Following Amerinot man for the state. But the state | City State

can entry into the war in 1917, he exists. It is operating in the new

continued to appeal to the people dimension of space and of interof the Central powers, over the national political warfare. The

heads of their statesmen. We now projectiles of ideas projected from

know that his New York Metropolithe orbiting satellites will not come FILMStan Opera House speech in July alone from physics, chemistry, and 1918, outlining the conditions of engineering. The era of behavioral

peace, based on his Fourteen Points, and political sciences are also here. AND PRINTED per roll

in fall of statesmanship Kaiser's of challenge the the aboutbrought The

For or 1 2 Exposure any 6, 8 B & W Roll is to statesmen, cabinet. these to develop times was pavedwar way The

Roll only 35c per PRINTS JUMBO states, ideas in freeArmistice, and the 1918. 11, whose November

In Europe in these same decades, material resources at their commandsuch facts were not lost on the wily are superior to the statesmen's equipCOLOR FILM

Lenin. His written propaganda apment in the other states. It is thepeals, true, did not topple the task of our statesmen to be superior DEVELOPING

czars. German armies in the Eastin the ideas as well as in the mateKODACOLOR

ern front and internal decay did rial they can mobilize from a free 8-Exposure Roll per

Printing roll Dev. and $2.55 of free It is the task peothat. But the compeople. once in power

Roll, 12Exposure per ples, as individuals, establishedmunists of them- a worldwide to make Dev. roll Printing and $3.00

political party system with organized selves superior vessels, temples, Color Reprints 20c each fronts. as of ideas as well tabernacles since These,propaganda of COLOR SLIDES in conmaterial accomplishment, the1918, have proved one of to be

most successful instruments used in trast with the nonfree. There must 20135exp.,mm ColorDev. andSlidesMount $1.35 perroll

the history of statecraft. Russian be preponderance of both qualities, 135 mm Color Slides per

experience, like experiments with spiritual and material, in the states36 exp., Dev, and Mount $2.40 roll

Pavlov's dog, have concentrated total men and in the peoples of the free Color8 mm, Movie25'Roll $1.35rollperstate power on the conditioning of states. The ignorant American,

as as well behavior western Canadian, abroad European,human PHOTOS and GENEALOGY is isat "unprofitable This of the an home. Latin American now one of NEGATIVES OLD MADE

facts If history. servant."there ofsobering such be, each had each. PRINTS 60c PHOTOS,

How does a free nation, insisting best look to his individual weaponry of NEGATIVE, 4c each right of its citizens intelligence to criticize ofon the and character if he Send coin only - no CO.D.'s

its its daily, nullify prizes government his freedom. MoneyBack Guaranteepolicies, and oppose them with or- (Continued on page 601)

SAM'SP. O. Box 1 11 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah

AUGUST 1962 561

A TOTAL ELECTRIC

The Church Moves On May 1962

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Jay A. Quealy, Jr., as president of the Southern Far East

Mission, succeeding President Robert S. Taylor. President

Quealy, long a resident of the Hawaiian Islands, is serving as president of Honolulu Stake at this call. He is a former member of the

bishopric and bishop of Waikiki Ward, and a former member of the high council of Oahu Stake. As a young man he filled a mission

to Argentina and the Northwestern States. With him to this new

A wonderful new assignment will go his wife Virginia Wooley Quealy and four of way to live their five children.

During appropriate services President David O. McKay

dedicated and broke ground for the new multimillion dollar temple at Oakland, California; fifteenth temple of the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times. ( See page 564.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

Buy now from your dealer Elder Max W. Moody sustained as president of Honolulu

(Hawaii) Stake succeeding President Jay A. Quealy, Jr.,

who has been called to preside in the Southern Far East

Mission. Counselors to President Moody are Elders James E.

Hallstrom and Lawrence Haneberg who served in these positions

Compact—Good Tasting with President Quealy.

Elder Asa L. Beecher sustained as president of Mount Logan

President Hall. Elders Preston succeeding ) Stake ( Utah W. Loyal

as counselors to President Morris, Alder Jr., sustained and BlaineSurvival Biscuits D.

For company or individual Beecher. President Beecher and Elder Alder had been counselors to

fallout shelters President Hall.

No other food necessary The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

John M. Russon, currently serving as president of Los Angeles

(California) Stake as president of the Swiss Mission. He sucbetween cookie A Flavor and cracker are of the mission S. Erekson. Headquarters President William ceeds

FlavorKist, by made makers for Stake of at Basel. President the Los Angeles has headed Russon largest selling America's thin Saltines

One packet (26 biscuits) supplies the past thirteen years. Previously he was bishop of Hollywood

calories about 800 leader, superinpriests School stake group Sunday Ward, high fresh Keeps II of a bishopric. in can over 5 years, every tendent, councilman, high and a member He dated can Si filled The Office of Civil Defense, be- a mission in the SwissGerman Mission, 193133. His wife, Mary

fore purchasing millions of these Virginia Anderson Russon, and five of their seven children will survival biscuits, very rigid set up standards. is accompany him to this new assignment. formula This same

now available to industrial organizationsown falloutand individualsshelters. Youfor theirare June 1962

guaranteed the same high quality the Office by Civil of demanded of Mrs. Sara wife Tanner, of Elder appointment N. The Defense. for and Made

leaflet for full Send giving to of the president the Tanner, Assistant Eldon and Twelve purchased by information. Mail today coupon

as of special Mission, representative a West European or letterhead, your in write on or of Office telephone 7-6622. Chicago YA Association general the Young Mutual Improvement Women's

Civil Defense board was announced.

Mr. Paul Sehulze, m Oept. E Elder Lloyd E. Howard released as first counselor to PresiBiscuit Burch and Schulze Co. 9, Illinois dent James D. Pratt of Burbank (California) Stake. Elder Street, Chicago 35th 1133 West

j Please send me complete information on FlavorKist Harold F. Greene, who was serving as second counselor,

I Survival Biscuits. sustained as first counselor, with Elder Lyman P. Pinkston sustained

I | My Name. as second counselor.

1 My Address.

| City. Zone.State.

562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE

It was announced that Presiding Bishop John H. Vandenberg had succeeded Elder LeGrand Richards of the Council of IMPROVEMENT

the Twelve as chairman of the Old Folks Central Committee. ERA

-y, Elder R. Clair Anderson sustained as first counselor to Presi-

i? dent Vernon L. Kunz of South Sanpete (Utah) Stake sucAN IDEAL GIFT FOR

ceeding Elder Niel Frischknecht. Elder Lee R. Thompson

sustained as second counselor succeeding Elder Anderson. Weddings, Birthdays, Servicemen, Missionaries, Friends,

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder New Members as of California, president of Folsom, N. Andersen Dwayne

Lovely gift card sent President Mission. succeeds Paul Far East the Northern He

C. Andrus. President Andersen is a native of Brigham City, Utah. in your name

He filled a mission as a young man to Hawaii. After military servSend only $3.00 for

again filled a II mission—that in ice he time to Japan. World War

in serving as scoutmaster, the active ward 12 big issues to Church has been He clerk, counselor in a bishopric, and bishop. His wife, Peggy Huish

Andersen and the couple's four children will accompany him to the The Improvement new assignment in Tokyo, Japan.

Era Papa and the Playhouse, a twoact musical commemorating 135 South State Street the one hundredth anniversary of the old Salt Lake Theatre, began its premiere run at Kingsbury Hall, University of Utah Salt Lake City 11, Utah campus, as part of the June conference. The play is scheduled to be

produced in the stakes of the Church during the summer of 1963.

The YWMIA Camp Institute was held as a preconference event of the June conference.

With Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve

as a featured speaker, the Master M ManGolden Gleaner banquet was held this evening.

"An Evening in Social Hall,"featuring the revival of the first oneact play staged at Social Hall in 1853, together with additional songs and dances of the period, began its June conference run at

Salt Lake City's Highland High School auditorium.

Eight roadshow acts began playing at the auditoriums of two of Salt Lake City's high schools and two junior high schools, as part

TEMPLE WEDDING INVITATIONS to compliment of the June conference evenings, which have been subtitled your temple marriage. L.D.S. temple in which

"Dramatic '62.""An Evening in Social Hall,"the roadshows, and frontmarriageof sparklingtakes placewhiteis vellumrelief embossedfolders, 100on

Papa and the Playhouse were scheduled to play nightly from their custom printed for ONLY $7.95. Others, with

beginning, with an additional early evening performance for each or50 withoutdifferentpanels,designs,100 includingfor only $5.95.deckle Someedge

on both Friday and Saturday nights. parchmentsnumbers. Alsoand Mormonsilver andweddinggold albumsembellishedand

With the admonition on the official program of "Love the serviceall the byhardto-findconvenient mailaccessories.order. SatisfactionOne day

Youth—Teach the Truth,"the 63rd Annual MIA June confreeguaranteedcatalog orandmoneysamplescheerfullywrite refunded.Dept. E, REXFor

ference opened on Temple Square. The MIA theme for CRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho.

196263 is D&C 59:5: "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all

thy heart, with all thy might, mind, and strength; and in the name

of Jesus Christ thou shalt serve him."Elder Mark E. Petersen of

the Council of the Twelve, one of the advisers to the Mutuals, was the featured speaker at the morning session. The MIA reading

course for the coming year is the Writings of Joseph Smith from the Pearl of Great Price.

The afternoon general session included the "Focus on Youth"presentation, which will be given by wards and stakes in the coming year.

The appointment of Elder Vaughn E. Hansen, director of FOLDING

LJ engineering and experiment station at the Utah State UniPEDESTAL TABLES versity, Logan, as secretary of the youth committee of the Direct from factory saving to Churches, Schools, council, coordinating announced. Church was

Clubs, all Lodges organiand of three to the general appointment members board The new zations. 1962 MONROE

Folding Banquet Tables are of the Association Men's an- J Mutual Improvement was Young for quality, duranounced. They are Elders Maurice L. Watts, E. Preston Hyatt, and Partitiom H unmatchedbility, convenience and handAlbert L. Payne. some appearance. 94 models and sizes for

Departmental sessions and discussions was the order of the every use. Write for

day at the MIA June conference. ( Continued on page 601 Colorpictures.FREEBIGFull line1962MONROECATALOGtables, chairs,

table and chair trucks, platformrisers, portable partitions. Write todayl

THE MONROE CO.. 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa

AUGUST 1962 563 Oakland Temple Groundbreaking

In place of the regular Editor's Page this month, The Improvement Era is pleased to present, with the permission of President McKay, the Dedicatory Prayer at the groundbreaking for the Oakland Temple, May 26, 1962.

O God our Eternal Father, as thou seest, we thy children have assembled here for a special purpose. Our hearts are

filled with gratitude for this opportunity.

We are grateful that we know of thy existence, that thou art the Father of all mankind, and that thou lovest them even as an earthly father loves his own children.

We are grateful for the privilege we have of assembling here in this country where freedom is cherished, where the individual is free to worship God according to the dictates of his conscience.

We implore thee to continue to bless this nation, protect the Constitution of the

United States inspired by thee. Frustrate the plans of enemies who would

weaken it or destroy it, and may their schemes come to naught who would in the first he lifts as President David Behind O. McKay shovel any way deprive the citizens of this attended are some who Temple on the Oakland site of the of soil

the groundbreaking. The brethren are (left to right) President Joseph country or of any other country of the

Fielding Smith, President Henry D. Moyle, President McKay, rights vouchsafed by the Constitution of

Presiding Bishop President Hugh B. Brown, and the United States. John H. Vandenberg.

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We are grateful for the assurance that and feel impressed to unite with thy thou art our Guide, our Protector, our people to build this temple to thy glory.

Eternal Father; grateful for thy mercy We invoke thy blessings upon the

in permitting the Light of Truth architects who have drawn the plans eventually to dispel the darkness that and who will continue to draw plans existed in the world. for a building worthy of thy name. We

Accept of the gratitude of our hearts pray thee to bless the contractors, the for the restoration of the gospel; that foremen, and all other workmen; bless

thou and thy Son appeared to the them with wisdom, with singleness of

Prophet Joseph Smith in this dispenpurpose. May every one sense that he

sation. We are grateful that we know is building, even as he lays the blocks

that thou, as a Loving Father, desireth and the mortar or the wires or the the salvation of all thy children, and plumbing, or any part of the building, that through obedience to the laws and that he is doing it to thy name and ordinances of the gospel, all thy offspring, to thy glory.

living and dead, may obtain salvation. May they realize that they are buildBless all those who are presiding in ing for future generations, that hundreds

thy Church—The First Presidency, The of thousands, perhaps millions, will look

Quorum of the Twelve, the Patriarch to upon this structure and say that those the Church, the Assistants to the Twelve, men built that house to the glory of the First Council of the Seventy, the God. And with that thought in mind,

Presiding Bishopric, and all the authorimay the builders even exceed their own ties, who preside in missions, stakes, ability, that the structure may be a credit wards, quorums, organizations, etc., that to this country, as well as to the entire

they may sense their responsibilities as Church. Father, we invoke this blessing

true representatives. upon every laborer, and everyone who

We are grateful, Heavenly Father, for has anything to do with the building of the understanding which exists in the the temple on this site.

hearts of intelligent men and women, We invoke thy blessings upon the that prejudice is being removed, and presidencies of these stakes and the that the purposes of thy Church are bishoprics of the wards, upon the people being understood more clearly. Bless that reside therein, that they may feel

the honest in heart everywhere. May that this building is a contribution to this

they realize the blessings of individual entire area, that it will make more popufreedom, the privilege of individual lar, more successful all connected with initiative. the surroundings, not only in temporal

Prosper the Church in all its righteous affairs, but in social and in moral and endeavors, and may the people in this spiritual values.

area be blessed for their willingness and Accept of this dedication, O Father.

eagerness to participate in building Accept of our gratitude. Hear, we bethis temple. seech thee, our pleadings for thy proNow, Heavenly Father, as thy servant tecting care over this property. In the

holding the Holy Priesthood and repreerection of the building, may there be senting the membership in the stakes no fatal accidents; that care may be

and missions in this temple district, I manifested by the overseers, contractors, dedicate and consecrate this tract of and all connected therewith; that when

land for the purpose of erecting a temwe meet in the near future to dedicate ple unto thy name. We dedicate every the edifice unto thee and thy glory, may

spot of this tract that it may be conwe look back upon this occasion and sidered sacred. Cause, O Father, that upon all intervening activities without

no unclean thing may trespass upon this regret, but with pride, and with cherarea, and may there be no bitterness in ished memories of this sacred occasion.

the hearts of those who visit it. If any This we humbly pray in the name of

come to scoff, may they remain to pray, thy Beloved Son, Jesus Christ. Amen.

AUGUST 1962 565

WHAT OF THE WITCH OF

ENDOR AND SAMUEL?

question: "In the twentyis this: How was it possible for a

eighth chapter of First Samuel, the witch to be able to have power to story is related how Saul, king of bring back the spirit of a prophet

Israel, after the Prophet Samuel of God? I know that the devil hasdied sought out the witch of Endor YOUR great power, but how could he

to have her 'bring up Samuel,'afhave such power over a prophet of ter that prophet had died, so that God such as this story seems to he, Saul, could seek advice of QUESindicate? I will be very happy for

him. Now what I have wondered your help in solving this problem."answer: There are several TION show that there has been great

things incident to this story that the misunderstanding of the subject.

ordinary reader surmises which are Let us first see what the historian relatesnot necessarily in harmony with the ANSWERED BY facts. In the first place Saul did "And the Philistines gathered

not see the spirit that was called themselves together, and came and JOSEPH pitched in Shunem; and Saul gathup. All the information that he reered all Israel together, and they ceived was from the statement of FIELDING

the woman herself. No doubt this pitched in Gilboa.

woman was well acquainted with "And when Saul saw the host ofSamuel and could readily describe SMITH the Philistines, he was afraid, and PRESIDENT OF his heart greatly trembled.him. It is feasible for one to think

that the woman was keen enough THE COUNCIL "And when Saul inquired of the the Lord answered him not, to realize the situation and the OF THE TWELVE Lord, hopelessness of the position of Saul. neither by dreams, nor by Urim,

However the fact remains that she, nor by prophets.

it was, who saw and who described "Then said Saul unto his servants.

the apparition, not Saul. Seek me a woman that hath a familiar spirit, that I

President Charles W. Penrose in May 1898, 1 wrote may go to her, and inquire of her. And his servants

an excellent article on this question, and I can not do said to him, Behold, there is a woman that hath a better than to repeat it as it gives us a proper sumfamiliar spirit at Endor.

marization of this event: "And Saul disguised himself, and put on other raiThere are differences of opinion as to the facts ment, and he went, and two men with him, and they

narrated in the Bible concerning the visit of Saul, came to the woman by night; and he said, I pray thee,

King of Israel, to the Witch of Endor and her purdivine unto me by the familiar spirit, and bring him ported interview with the spirit of the departed up whom I shall name unto thee.

Prophet Samuel. The popular view of this matter "And the woman said unto him, behold, thou knowis that the witch, at the request of King Saul, "brought est what Saul hath done, how he hath cut off those that

up"the spirit of Samuel and that Saul conversed have familiar spirits, and the wizards, out of the land;

with him and learned from him the fate which awaited wherefore then layest thou a snare for my life, to cause him in his coming battle with the Philistines. But me to die.

the question arises, how could a witch, who under the "And Saul sware to her by the Lord, saying, As the law of Moses was not to be permitted to live, and Lord liveth, there shall no punishment happen to thee with whom consultation was forbidden by the Lord, for this thing.

have power to bring forth at her bidding the spirit "Then said the woman, Whom shall I bring up unto of a holy prophet? In answer to this query it has been thee? And he said, Bring me up Samuel.

suggested that the woman was not really a witch, but "And when the woman saw Samuel, she cried with a prophetess who was in hiding. Why she was under a loud voice; and the woman spake to Saul, saying,

the necessity of concealing her whereabouts is not Why hast thou deceived me? For thou art Saul.

made to appear. It has been alleged that the "prophet- "And the king said unto her, Be not afraid: for what

ess"theory has been held by persons supposed to sawest thou? And the woman said unto Saul, I saw

understand the question thoroughly. Be that as it may, gods ascending out of the earth.

careful investigation of the history of the event will "And he said unto her, What form is he of? And she

iThe article is reprinted here as it appeared in The Improvement Era,

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

said, An old man cometh up; and he is covered with a was given through the prophet Moses, and forms part

mantle. And Saul perceived that it was Samuel, and of the Mosaic code: As for instance:

he stooped with his face to the ground, and bowed "Regard not them that have familiar spirits, neither himself. seek after wizards, to be defiled by them: I am the

"And Samuel said to Saul, why hast thou disquieted Lord your God."(Lev. XIX:31).

me, to bring me up? And Saul answered, I am sore "There shall not be found among you any one that

distressed; for the Philistines make war against me, maketh his son or his daughter to pass through the

and God is departed from me, and answereth me no fire, or that useth divination, or an observer of times, more, neither by prophets, nor by dreams: therefore or an enchanter, or a witch, or a charmer, or a consulter

I have called thee, that thou mayest make known unto with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a necromancer;

me what I shall do. for all that do these things are an abomination unto

"Then said Samuel, Wherefore then dost thou ask the Lord, and because of these abominations, the Lord of me, seeing the Lord is departed from thee, and is thy God shall drive them out from before thee."

become thine enemy? (Deut. XVIL 1012).

"And the Lord hath done to him, as he spake by me: The Witch of Endor, then, instead of being a prophfor the Lord hath rent the kingdom out of thine hand, etess of the Lord, was a woman that practiced

and given it to thy neighbor, even to David: necromancy; that is, communication or pretended com-

"Because thou obeyedst not the voice of the Lord, munication with the spirits of the dead; but she was

nor executedst his fierce wrath upon Amalek, therefore led by a familiar spirit. In other words, she was a

hath the Lord done this thing unto thee this day. spiritual medium, similar to those modern professors

"Moreover the Lord will also deliver Israel with thee of the art, who claim to be under the control of some into the hand of the Philistines: and tomorrow shalt departed notable, and through him or her to be able

thou and thy sons be with me: the Lord also shall to communicate with the dead. It should be observed

deliver the host of Israel into the hand of the Philisthat in the seance with the king of Israel, Saul did not tines."(I Samuel XXVIII: 4-19.) see Samuel or anybody but the medium or witch. She

From the foregoing it is clear that the woman whom declared that she saw an old man coming up and that

Saul visited was one of the class placed under ban, he was covered with a mantle. It was she who told

by the commandment of God, because they practiced Saul what Samuel was purported to have said. Saul

divination with familiar spirits. Neither prophets nor "perceived that it was Samuel"through what the

prophetesses were then banished from the land or held witch stated to him. The conversation that ensued

in disrespect. It was only persons condemned by the between Samuel and Saul was conducted through the

Mosaic law who had to hide from the effects of its medium. All of this could have taken place entirely

enforcement. Saul had tried every legitimate means without the presence of the prophet Samuel. The

to obtain supernatural guidance, but, as he had woman, under the influence of her familiar spirit, could departed from the Lord, the Lord had departed from have given to Saul the message supposed to have come him. There was no answer from heaven to his inquiries; from (Samuel, in the same way that messages from

there was no word of the Lord by prophets; there was the dead are pretended to be given to the living by

no communication through the Urim and Thummim, spiritual mediums of the latter days, who, as in the there was no manifestation by vision or by dream; case under consideration, perform their work at night

there was no whispering of the divine spirit. In his or under cover of darkness.

desperation, Saul turned to the opposite power. In It is beyond rational belief that such persons could

that he sinned. He knew that he was violating the at any period in ancient or modern times, invoke the

law of the Lord. When he was serving God, he "put spirits of departed servants or handmaidens of the

away those that had familiar spirits and the wizards Lord. They are not at the beck and call of witches,

out of the land,"but when he fell into darkness he wizards, diviners, or necromancers. Pitiable indeed

sought the ways of darkness and sealed his own doom. would be the condition of spirits in paradise if they

It is written: were under any such control. They would not be at

"So Saul died for his transgression, which he comrest, nor be able to enjoy that liberty from the troubles mitted against the Lord, even against the word of and labors of earthly life which is essential to their the Lord, which he kept not, and also for asking counhappiness, but be in a condition of bondage, subject sel of one that had a familiar spirit, to inquire of it."to the will and whims of persons who know not God

(I Chronicles X:13). and whose lives and aims are of the earth, earthy.

The law of God concerning these forbidden arts Nor is it in accordance ( Continued on page 600

AUGUST 1962 567 It has been called the "Mormon Country"—the southwestern corner of Alberta.

And if you want to reach the heart of it, Cardston, you may travel a number of roads and all have their special interest. You see, Cardston is the crossroads

of the Canadian southwest, a gateway to that scenic wonderland, WatertonGlacier International Peace Park, and one of the "musts"among the ports of call.

You may drive south over Highway No. 2 from historic old Fort Macleod,

founded by the Mounted Police in 1874, and cross the Blood Indian Reserve over a paved road, or you may drive southwest of Lethbridge over another paved road through the heart of the Latterday Saint settlements.

Off to the east the smokestack of a beet sugar factory identifies Raymond;

soon you are passing through Magrath the Garden City, with its monument

Card,Zina wife Young of to irrigation, then Spring Coulee with the giant St. Mary River Dam. And

Charles founder Ora Card, of Cardston. A daughter of in those few miles you see three of the notable contributions of the Mormons

Brigham Young and known to Western Canada's economy and culture: irrigation, the sugar industry, and

as "Aunt Zina,"she is still remembered as the Mother of the planting of trees where few grew before.

the Colonies. But we still travel westward, leaving the prairies and entering the green,

pleasant foothills, cross the St. Mary River that rises in Montana, thence into

While president of Cache Cardston with its great white temple.

Stake, Charles Card Ora was In the distance tower the Rockies, snow capped and glistening, with Chief called to lead a body of Saints to Canada for a settlement on Mountains massive shoulders standing out in bold relief, a landmark on the soil where they would find Great North Trail ages before the white man came to this empire of justice.""British

the Blackfeet. (Continued on page 590)

TREK TO THE NORTH

BY C. FRANK STEELE

The first home of President and Sister Card in Canada. The second Card home in Cardston. Built of brick, it

Built of logs, it was the first house in the new Mormon became a center for the social and cultural life of the community and is still standing, a rugged landmark to community with President Card becoming the city's first pioneer industry. mayor, stake president, and a prominent business leader.

The city of Cardston, Alberta, Canada, taken five years after its founding by Mormon pioneers in 1887 on the banks of

Lee's Creek (in foreground). A temple was later erected and dedicated in 1923. Present population is near 3,000 for

this seventyfive year old city, the first Mormon settlement in Canada. Present LDS population in Canada is set at 4.0,000

in contrast to the original company of eight families, including 4.1 men, women, and children.

:: ''''..::,;:,::.::::::

Accompanying this article by President

Hugh B. Brown, who is an adopted son of

Canada, are photographs in full color of the

LDS temple in Cardston, Alberta, Canada.

With the growth of the Church in Canada (see article "Trek to the North"in this issue, page 568), came the need for a temple. On July 27, 1913, the temple site

ivas dedicated by President Joseph F. Smith.

Ground was broken the same year. In

1915, President David O. McKay, then

a member of the Council of the Twelve

Apostles, laid the cornerstone. Granite

stone for the temple was quarried near

Kootenai Lake in British Columbia and transported more than three hundred miles to the temple site. The capstone ivas laid

September 23, 1917, and the temple was dedicated to the work of the Lord on

August 26, 1923 by President Heber J. Grant.

The LDS Concept of Marriage BY PRESIDENT HUGH B. BROWN

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

Marriage is and should be a sacrament. The

word sacrament is variously defined, but among

Christian people it signifies a religious act or ceremony, solemnized by one having proper authority. It is a pledge, or solemn covenant, a

spiritual sign or bond between the contracting parties themselves and between them and God.

That marriage was instituted and sanctified by the Lord himself is shown by the following quotations: "And the Lord God said, it is not

good that the man should be alone; I will make

him an help meet for him.

"Therefore shall a man leave his father and f, W-w.\*H*%,.V S..

his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and 'ffVr'i "*': -> -*: -'''* '*

they shall be one flesh."(Genesis 2:18, 24.)

When Jesus departed from Galilee and came into the coasts of Judea beyond Jordan, a great multitude followed him, and the Pharisees questioned him regarding divorce: "And he answered

and said unto them, Have ye not read, that he which made them at the beginning made them male and female.

'From the book You and Your Marriage by President Hugh B.

Brown.

COLOR PHOTOGRAPHS BY CHURCH

INFORMATION SERVICE, COPYRIGHT 1961 BY

CORPORATION OF THE PRESIDENT, CHURCH OF

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS.

rtMMHWHMfaMHBrflhlp

Jr \ m "And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife: and they

twain shall be one flesh.

"Wherefore they are no more twain, but one flesh.

What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder."(Matthew 19:4-6.)

It is plain that God intended that man and woman should become one. By personally officiating at this

wedding he sanctified the institution of marriage. It

is a normal, healthful, and desirable state and was instituted to fulfil God's purpose in the earth.

It is the central element in the domestic establishment. It is more than a human institution to be regulated solely by custom and civil law. It is more than

a contract under the sanction of moral law. It is or

should be a religious sacrament by which men and women solemnly undertake to cooperate with God in his avowed purpose to make earth life and mortality available to his spirit children and to bring to pass their immortality and eternal life.

There are those who say that the highest, most dedicated, and most desirable life may be achieved outside the marriage covenant. In other words they

would forbid those who seek the highest glory to be "contaminated by physical and animallike associations."There is no warrant in the scripture for

such doctrine. In the book of Proverbs we read:

"Whoso findeth a wife findeth a good thing, and obtaineth favour of the Lord."(Proverbs 18:22.) And the

Apostle Paul in writing to Timothy, said: "Now the ofThethebeautifultemple, wherebaptismalbaptismsfont inforthethebasementdead

Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times some are performed, rests on the figures of twelve oxen. shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils, "Speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their conscience

seared with a hot iron;

The Terrestrial Room in the temple symbolizes "Forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain the second degree of glory. The Alberta Temple

from meats, which God hath created to be received is especially noted for the beauty of the wood paneling used throughout the building.

with thanksgiving of them which believe and know the truth."(1 Timothy 4:1-3, italics added.) And

in the Doctrine and Covenants we read: "And again,

verily I say unto you, that whoso forbiddeth to marry is not ordained of God, for marriage is ordained of

God unto man."(D&C 49:15.)

The Latterday Saints believe that in order to attain the best in life and the greatest happiness in this world and for the next, men and women must be married in the temple for time and eternity. Without

the sealing ordinances of temple marriage, man cannot achieve a godlike stature or receive a fulness of joy because the unmarried person is not a whole person, is not complete.

To a Latterday Saint there is only one kind of marriage which is wholly acceptable, that is temple or celestial marriage, which is performed only in the

This lovely temple chapel with murals depicting important events in the ministry of the Savior is the place for members of the Church to assemble for preliminary devotional services prior to participating in temple ordinances.

The Garden Room in the temple is symbolic of the Garden of Eden which the Lord prepared for Adam and Eve. "So God created

man in his own image, in the image of God created he him;

male and female created he them."

(Genesis 1:27.)

"And the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and

there he put the man whom he had formed.

"And out of the ground made the Lord God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life

also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil."(Genesis 2:8-9.)

i I

The World Room in the temple is symbolic of the dreary and bleak world into which Adam and Eve were driven after they had partaken of the forbidden fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil.

temples of the Church. Temples are erected and

dedicated in holiness to the Lord to provide a place where spiritual and eternal ceremonies and ordinances may be performed. While we recognize civil marriages performed by ministers of other churches,

and civil marriages performed by officers of the law, or others legally qualified to perform them, we believe that only in a temple of God can a marriage for time and eternity be performed, and then only by one having the authority which Christ gave to Peter when he said: "... whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth

shall be bound in heaven:..."(Matthew 16:19.)

This authority is referred to in the scriptures as "the keys of the kingdom of heaven,"(idem) and in celestial marriage those keys open the door to that kingdom.

Man has certain basic needs—moral, social, biological, and spiritual—and these can only be fully

realized in the Godordained institution of eternal marriage.

To live the abundant life here and eternal life hereafter, man must love and be loved, serve and sacrifice, have responsibility and exercise his Godgiven creative powers. "... I am come that they

might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly."(John 10:10.)

But perhaps the greatest value of marriage is not that which accrues to the individual man and woman.

The purpose of their union in the beginning is indicated by the Lord's commandment, "Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it:..."

(Genesis 1:28.) In proper marriage there is opportunity for man to realize his natural urge to be

creative and productive. This can be completely

fulfilled and properly enjoyed only in the marriage relationship, in child bearing and child rearing. Parents should remember that the children born to them—

their children—are also the children of God. He is

the Father of their spirit bodies, and during the preearth existence he wisely made provision for eternal element and eternal spirit to be inseparably connected and receive a fulness of joy. Latterday

Saints therefore believe that God is actually the third partner in this relationship and that bringing children into the world within the divinely sanctioned institution of marriage is part of his plan to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man.

When the Lord Jesus designated love of God and love of fellow men as the two great commandments he glorified love. In fact, we are told that God is love.

Therefore as God is eternal, so love must be eternal, and its fruits and blessings are intended to continue throughout the eternities to come. But to enjoy the

privileges and advantages (Continued on page 598)

Marriages in the temple are performed The loveliest room in the temple is the spacious and richly in sealing rooms such as this. Here furnished and decorated Celestial Room. The room

a man and a woman, dressed in symbolizes the high degree of exaltation to which man may white, and surrounded by their friends attain if he lives according to the saving principles of and loved ones are married for time the gospel of Jesus Christ.

and eternity, not "till death do you part."

AUGUST 1962 575 pi

***|r% *am iilfeip*

1 ** JlllJinrrin*toiin|||pwi!i

*M.1,/

THE LIGHT FROM LAMBARENE

BY MARK EVANS AUSTAD

Mark Evans Austad began his radio career at KSL in Salt Lake City, following a three year mission to Norway.

At the present time he is vice president of Metromedia. He is also an active member of the Chevy Chase Ward

of the Washington, DC Stake, and busy in community activities. A lecturer of note, he has spoken four years

consecutively to the National Geographic Society in Constitution Hall before some 7,000 people.

It was my unforgettable good fortune to be exposed and Dwight Eisenhower.

to The Light That Shines from Lambarene. For two After two weeks with this man, I have two observamemorable weeks, I talked to, watched, listened to, tions: When people want to know what he is like,

laughed, and ate with eightysix-yearold Dr. Althe answer I automatically give is, "He is a combert Schweitzer. bination between everybody's grandfather and your

Our party consisted of: The Albert Schweitzer favorite country doctor."He is kind, considerate,

Educational Foundation, comprising several of the brilliant, and a benevolent dictator over Lamforemost United States Schweitzer scholars, including barene's hospital.

a college president, a college dean, a professor of At eightysix, he is in complete command, beginning philosophy, and the President of the Foundation, his day at 6:00 am and working until lunch time.

Dr. Herbert Phillips, as well as several interested Following a brief rest, he continues a day of busy

students, an Episcopal minister, several housewives, activity until the dinner bell rings at 6:30 pm. After

and an eagerto-learn broadcast corporation vice dinner, he retires to his room for private conversation president, with camera and tape recorder in hand. with guests, staff, and for intensive writing. His lamp

My particular purpose was to attempt to capture continues to burn sometimes far past midnight. He

the "Geist of Lambarene"(spirit) on film and tape. is in excellent health, physically and mentally.

The job before me presented problems. For sound Aside from his hospital, his major concern is the

reasons, the good doctor doesn't trust cameramen and testing of atomic bombs. He firmly believes that the

has a definite taboo on tape recorders. Because of most serious problems with testing are the results

language problems, it took me several days to estabof radioactivity. It is his contention that the fourth

lish the confidence needed. My film and tapes are or fifth generation will grotesquely reveal the error

unique, thanks to his understanding of my problem of our ways. Unless checked, he believes children

and his belief in my purpose for traveling so far. will be born unrecognizable. He acts as if he is in a

Of the world's millions, I doubt very much that hurry to finish his latest philosophical book, which I today there is anyone better known by name and am led to believe will deal with this subject.

yet so little known in purpose. Dr. Albert Schweitzer One of the most interesting things I learned about

for many years has been heeded as one of the world's Schweitzer is the protective possessiveness of the most respected men. For several years, the Gallop people near to -him. There is almost a spirit of

Poll has listed him second only to Winston Churchill competition in protecting him—a sort of mental tug

AUGUST 1962 577 of war. In accomplishing it, Miss Mathilda and Marie Louise, a beautiful young American girl

Miss Ali, who have been with him a total of seventy whose own children were attending private school in years, give him devotion coupled with kindly protecMaine, was attracted to Schweitzerland and found tion. Seated on one side of him in the dining room comfort working at the pouponniere (the nursery).

Miss Mathilda, a wonderful, kindly German woman Her immediate charge was a youngster brought to in her seventies, keeps a watchful eye on his dinner her in his early hours of birth and close to death.

plate and general comfort. Miss Ali is his interpreter The father, in desperation, secretly brought him to

and corresponding secretary. the hospital because of a tribal custom that if the

The hospital staff is made up of people from many mother dies, the child must be buried alive with the nations. Dr. Takasashi and his wife came from Japan. mother. The father, proud of his son after having

He is in charge of the leper village, and she assists had seven daughters, broke the tribal rules, and Marie in the kitchen. Dr. Richard Freeman is of Jewish Louise, from a fashionable home in New York State,

parents who were natives of Hungary. Richard was adopted this infant—for the time she was in Lamborn and grew up in Czechoslovakia and later became barene—and brought it back to bubbling health. The

a resident of Dachau. The number tatooed on his temperature in the nursery generally exceeds ninety

left arm gives some reason for the mournful look degrees, with the humidity even exceeding that figure.

in his eyes. Schweitzer has said, "No one can know me unless

"Eric the Red,"with a beard to match, a young he sees me working at Lambarene."How helpful it is

twentyyear-old from Denmark, is a carpenter and is to know some of his philosophy before visiting him.

in great demand at Lambarene. Siegfried, a thirtyThe oneday tourist observes the hospital and its suryear-old from Germany, is converted to Schweitzer's roundings and immediately becomes critical of the

philosophy and gives his time as a kind of overall modus operandi. It is Schweitzer's contention that

straw boss. a modern, upto-date (Continued on page 602)

Members of the Albert Schweitzer Educational Foundation: The author; Dr. Albert Schweitzer; Dr. John

Regester, Dean of the University of Puget Sound;

Margery Goebel, philosophy student; Mrs. Alyce Cheatham; Dr. Gaine Cannon, the American Schweitzer;

Herbert Phillips, Jr.; Jane Staver of the Lewis &

Clark University; Dr. Louis Norris, President of

Albion College; Dr. Manuel Davenport, Professor at

Colorado State University; Mr. Lee Ellerbrock; and

Dr. Herbert Phillips.

Miss Mathilda, on Dr. Schweitzer's right, has served with

him for thirty years; Mrs. Marie Cullum of New York City

on his left, had charge of the nursery for a year.

In the inadequate medical offices at Lambarene, a patient is being treated for leprosy.

578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He doesn't stand out in a crowd, just an average, regular guy,

But to me he's like a king and stands near ten feet high.

He loves and understands me, whether I am good or bad.

They'll make the man that I will be, the hours I spend with Dad.

As we don't have much money and can't afford long trips,

He taught me how to whittle; we make our own winged ships

That travel on the nearest creek. We sail to foreign lands;

He takes me all around the world, from snow to desert sands.

We carve men and airplanes loved by all small boys;

I receive more happiness from them than costly toys.

We go exploring in the ivoods; we tramp for miles around.

He never is too busy to explain the things we've found.

We watch a caterpillar; we see a redant hill;

He says, "Don't move, you'll scare them. Watch... be very still!"

He hunkers down beside me, begins, "Now listen, Lad."

I absorb the wisdom which God has given Dad.

He seems to understand that I must make some noise,

And that I'm crammed with questions like all small growing boys—

Why rain and sun make colors, what makes them curve so high—

He explains the reason that the rainbow's in the sky.

We go to Church and Sunday School on every Sabbath day;

Sometimes I glance up at him when he bows his head to pray;

I've shed tears of happiness because I am so glad

That God has given me to "Pa"and not some other dad.

After work, when he gets home, and if the wind is right,

We go hunt our fishing poles, perhaps the fish will bite.

We go digging angleworms beside the old cowshed;

We walk together, just like men, with Duke, my pup, ahead.

The times when I am all mixed up, troubled, or feel bad,

I knoiv that I can always talk it over with my dad.

And if I am in the wrong, he'll say, "Apologize!"

He lives the Word of Wisdom, the commandments, he's so wise.

"Love thy neighbour as thyself,"that is my dad's code.

He's preparing me, while I'm still young, to travel life's long road.

The best that this ivorld offers, I know that I have had;

I treasure every minute, the hours I spend with Dad!

BY MIRLA GREENWOOD TH Do you know that today in the comfort of your living room, you may listen to an actual reproduction of the sounds and report of the historic space voyage of

America's first astronaut?

First, you will hear the countdown followed by the whistling roar of the takeoff as Freedom 7 soars into flight. You will hear the recovery of the space craft

after its fifteenminute journey into outer space; then the voice of President Kennedy as, in his first report statement, he expresses his joy in the achievement.

What you hear next may surprise you a little. Scores of voices synchronize

into song, "Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord,"and our own great Mormon Tabernacle Choir immortalizes the loved "Battle Hymn of the Republic."

You may wonder at the significance of climaxing such a report with a rendition of this song. There are those who will assume that it is just there to fill space. But

as you listen to the words and you thrill at the fervor of the singers in their

I* inspired interpretation of the grand exclamation, "As He died to make men holy, let us live to make men free,". you may well ask yourself—is not this the integral

purpose of our race into space—to make and keep men free?

What a timely reminder to every American and what a tribute to the little lady of New York who, one hundred years ago said, "I long to help. What can I

do? I cannot leave the nursery to follow the march of the soldiers. What

can I do?"Caught in the throes of the Civil War, Julia Ward Howe had witnessed the gathering of myriads of fighting men, armed to overwhelm the defenders of free- (i dom. She had seen the campfires of the soldiers in "the hundred circling camps"

that defended Washington, DC. She was oppressed by the great sin that she felt

that her nation was committing against the very tenet that had fostered its birth.

Then it came to her that God himself was moving in the midst of the vindicators of freedom, and, to quote her words: "He has pronounced His Will, and His Omnipotent Power will prevail for the right and this rebellion shall be quelled—this blot

removed."Then as if in answer to her humble desire to help, words were given her

to say "words that gave new courage to those who fought upon the battlefields and hope to those languishing in the prison."

It was in the late autumn of 1861. She had gone with her husband and a party

of friends to appraise the troops near Washington. Regiments of weary soldiers

were marching on the dusty road when, suddenly a surprise attack of the enemy surrounded a small body of troops. The soldiers who were taking part in the

review were ordered back to their headquarters. The road became crammed with

a profusion of tired men, and the Howes and their party were forced to drive slowly.

As the hours lengthened, they begin singing some of the stirring songs of the

Civil War days:

'John Brown's body lies a'mould'ring in the grave,

John Brown's body lies a'mould'ring in the grave."

"Good for you! Good for you!"shouted some of the soldiers and the whole

regiment took up the strain. Their lagging steps quickened, and their faces brightened

as they marched to the rhythm of the song.

"You should write some new words to that song, Julia,"one of the party suggested. "I have often wanted to do just that,"Julia answered.

Early dawn of the next day found Julia Ward Howe again thinking of the plight of her country. Suddenly, words began to sweep through her creative mind

with the rhythm of marching feet. Line followed line; stanza yielded to stanzaall swinging into place. Was this the voice of the nation speaking through her she

wondered. When the last stanza, with its pastoral (Continued on page 594)

AUGUST 1962 581 The wind was blowing hot and dry out of the southwest. Josh watched as the

four men, bent and torn by the land, lowered the pine box into the grave. Dryeyed he watched as the first dry clod bounced off the rough board. Uncomprehending he watched as the rasp of the shovels fell into a rhythmical pattern

punctuated by an occasional grunt from the men. When the hole gave way

to a mound, one of the men took a previously sharpened board and began to drive it into the ground with the back of his shovel. The name, Martha Sodderquist 18471891, neatly chiseled into the fresh pine board contrasted with the

name stake at the head of the grave immediately to the right. It read, Lars

Sodderquist 18311891. It still had not taken on the weathered look of the

other stakes in the small, fencedoff plot which made the final resting place of the settlers of Cedar, Arizona Territory.

As Josh noticed the contrast in the boards, he thought this is the contrast between Pa and Ma. He recalled the 21st of just last February when Pa

LAND REMEMBERED BY LEON 1. PETERSON

had been left here alone. Now they were together him in the head. Most of the time he was delirious,

again, lying side by side. That day in February the but occasionally he was clearheaded. Pa had known

wind had blown cold and furiously out of the north. though, and when able he had called Josh, Ma, and

Josh remembered how Pa, who had fought in the the two younger children to him. Josh remembered

Civil War, had wanted taps played over his grave, the last time Pa had talked to him.

a real military funeral. But Pa's funeral had been It was close to morning when Pa had said in a modulike his death—a rather haphazard affair. The boy lated voice, "Ma, get Josh. I want to talk to him."

who played taps was cold from the gusty, unceasing When Josh stood before the bed, sleepyeyed and a wind, and his bugle was colder. Although he had little blurry, Pa said, "Josh, you've been a fine son.

blown with great effort, the results were hardly Now you've got to be a man. Be good to Ralph and

satisfactory. Josh had seen the boy leave the plot Martha Jane; remember they're young. Take good

crying not because a man was left there, but because care of Ma. She'll be needing your strength bad. She

he had failed to blow taps satisfactorily. loves this land, Son. It's fitting that you should help

Pa had lived two weeks after Blaze had kicked her with it."He turned his gaze to the wall.

aw 1! -4*."

i '/'I

ij 11H.,HI 1 1

jsjyy After Pa's death Josh had worked hard, much saw what it can do to people."He indicated the

harder than a seventeenyear-old boy should. At first grave with his open hand.

he had been harsh with the younger children. He "I ain't ready to make any decisions, yet. It's all

had demanded and received a hundredpercent effort too new, a Week or two, and then I'll know what from himself, and he had expected the younger ones to do."

to give this much also. "No hurry, Josh. You're wise to take your time.

After Pa's death Ma had cried a lot, especially at Just remember that I'm prepared to give you a fair nights. Josh would lie awake and listen to the sniffles price for your land. That is, if n you want to sell."

that were the forewarning of the great bodyracking The wind abated somewhat as evening approached.

sobs. The sobs would finally dwindle down to quiet The heat had left, but it seemed only a small relief

sniffles, and then because of exhaustion Ma slept. to Josh's broiling mind. Still standing in the small

During the day Ma had worked hard as ever or rectangular plot, Josh at last gave vent to his feelings.

even harder. She was always up and stirring around The stillness that had descended upon the burying

the house when Josh awoke. Almost every day she spot was shattered as he directed his cry to the

had been in the fields with Josh. She had been graves—one fresh, the other five months old—and the

there when the potatoes had been planted. She had sky, empty and void except for a black speck of a

been there when the corn had gone in. She had distant vulture, the ageold indicator of death.

been there at the first irrigation and many of the "Why? Why? Someone tell me why? A land

following. Finally she had gone to bed utterly expossessed by an infernal wind that brings only dust.

hausted, and, because she had expended all her Ma.... Pa? Who's to tell me what to do? Keep

energy, she did not have the strength to recover. this land, why?"He stooped and picked up a handShe had lain in bed for a week and before they had ful of the crumbly clay from the fresh mound. He

realized that she was so desperately ill had died in watched as he sifted some of it through his fingers.

the night with no more noise than the breeze that had Then he flung the rest to the earth with a violent, replaced the day wind. vengeful movement. "Never, never!"

The man had stopped pounding on the stake. There Josh approached the empty house while the setting

was nothing more to do now. Some of the settlers sun bathed the land in a red twilight. Josh paused in

turned away and moved to the small gate. Others his approach and again appreciated the sight of the

stood talking in hushed and subdued tones. Mr. and hardy locust and elm trees that his parents had

Mrs. Lambert Rogers, close neighbors, crossed over. nurtured so carefully over so many years—the only

Millie Rogers touched Josh's sleeve tentatively. She green in an otherwise sun yellow world! A lump had

then put her arms around him and hugged him as gathered in Josh's throat, and his breath came in a she might have hugged her oldest son if he had lived. jerking gasp as he thought of the years of constant

With tears in her eyes she said, "Josh, I'll take Ralph care. He remembered how Pa would sit under the

and Martha with me. You come, too, when you get trees in the evening and tell how green the Sodderthrough here."manland countryside had been back in Sweden. Josh

"Thank you... thanks a whole lot, Mrs. Rogers,"had perceived this land, Soddermanland, as the

Josh said. "I've got chores to do at the place, so I'll promised land, and he often wondered why Pa had left

stay there."As he spoke, he glanced quickly at such a place. Once he had asked, and Pa had said

pretty Sally Rogers who stood at her mother's side. something about a man breathing freer in America.

There was little resemblance between the natural He had said something else, but Josh couldn't rememfreshness and abundance of gay spirit of Sally and ber now. He remembered Pa's determination to grow

the weatherchipped, tiredout features of Mrs. Rogers. trees, for his old age he always said.

Sally aware of Josh's quick stare spoke, "Oh, Josh, Josh went into the house and lighted a lamp. He

I'm so sorry for you."Then she followed her parents jerked a chair from the table and slumped into it.

and the young Sodderquist children from the small lot. Later, he did not know how much later, he heard a

At last Josh and Brother Harrison were the only buggy drawn by a pair of trotters approach the house.

ones remaining within the thistlesurrounded fence. He waited for the knock, and when it came, ignored

Brother Harrison said, "Well, Josh, what are your it. It did not cease, only persisted stronger, until

plans now?"Without waiting for an answer he conhe finally called, "Come in."

tinued, "Some say that you're going to leave, go back Sally Rogers, fresh and windblown, came into the to Iowa to your Ma's folks. Or was it your Pa's folks small circle of illumination from the kerosene lamp.

in Minnesota? I advise you along this line, Josh. "Josh, Douglas White just got back from Silver

This is no country for your brother and sister. Far Creek. He said that there was word there that your

as that goes, this is no country for you, either. You Uncle Bert was coming (Continued on page 612)

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Elaine Cannon, Associate EditorEra of Youth Marion D. Hanks, Editor;

August 1962 'TJ... plotting,. you're sewing and skating JWX

... cooking out... quilting and camping(t.and planting

...... forming combos and quartets and dining out

... painting and learning dances, brand new stances

... practicing and reading... performing in Pageant

... you're plowing... and reaping. JUST FOR FUN

traveling... seeing the world and your own home haunts

.... broadening your scopes..... making new friends

... enjoying brief encounters... cementing relationships

... you're laughearning and loving it all. JUST FOR FUN

JOSEPH SMITH HOME, PALMYRA, NEW YORK

MONTEREY, CALIFORNIA..ing it up at amusement parks. hamming it up on an

MIA stage... lapping it up on beaches... snapping it

up on festival grounds... reeling it in on a fish lake...

soaking it up anyplace at all 'neath the sun.

Whether you're working on a welfare project or rehearsing a road show, wheeling through a fun house barrel or hoeing a row of corn, you have a way of turning the whole experience into something wonderfully FUN. For instance:

In Palmyra, New York it's Pageant time and tourists and teens mill abou

Cumorah... visit the home of the Prophet Joseph Smith... stand sile

moment where the Church was organized on the old David Whitmer far dersfield, York, England, a priesthood group set off for Silkstone Village a

THE SACRED GROVE, PALMYRA, NEW YORK

raves from local folk for their good behavior and winning everlasting gratitude from one farmer when the boys voluntarily pitched in and helped him pitch hay. A day long

job for the farmer done in shorter order when all the boys helped—just for fun! Adverising a "no smokingno drinking"dance sponsored by the Gait Branch in Toronto,

Canada brought curious villagers to peer in the door. They couldn't believe such a

|unction possible and still pleasurable. The floor show proved a high light with Rick

Hawkins, an Explorer, bringing his fellow professionals orice to perform for the group.

Winder Stake in South Salt Lake presented San Juan Outpost with Mrs. Sherwood

Knowley directing and a whole host of youth turning thespian for the occasion. An

Americanism evening was enjoyed by MIA members of the Los Angeles Stake.

Three different branches of the Samoan Mission are still talking about the treat of having top MIA leaders with them for youth conferences. Navu, Magiagi, and Pesega I

youth participated in speech meets, community singing, testimony meeting, songfest contests, dance sessions, and refreshment hours. The Church College of Weste

Samoa echoed with shouts of over 250 young people participating in sack races, wheelbarrow races, a tugof-war, and a volleyball tournament. Brother and Sister Marvin J.

Ashton of the YMMIA superintendency, Brother and Sister Palmer Holt (she's a counselor in the YWMIA presidency), and Brother and Sister Richard Tanner (he's on the

YMMIA General Board Scout committee) assisted in teaching everything from the Cha

Cha to how to handle snare drums!

In Van Nuys, California, lives Shirley Green. She's a new convert and winning

friends for the Church comes naturally to her. She finds her fun in being a talented

ember of the Hollywood Square Dance Group which has toured the United States sevral times and dances at both the Brussels and Seattle World's Fair... just for fun!

MIAers in Leicester, England, are the singingest people anywhere. They carol at

Christmas and harmonize all summer, and the good they've done in bringing joy to nonmembers, inactives, and leaders of the Church can scarcely be measured. Vera

Varney, Monica Jones, John Raymond Baron, and Connie Lovett saw to it that the bishop was serenaded with "For He's a Jolly Good Fellow."Many a tearful smile present on that occasion!

Oldfashioned quilting bees are newfashioned fun for MIA Maids of Moroni

Ward, Moroni, Utah. As part of a service project the girls, under the direction of S

Clarissa Green, got together at repeated intervals and made a beautiful quilt they presented to the Primary Children's Hospital on its completion.

San Leandro Stake MIA hosted eleven stakes of the California Division at a special youth conference. More than 1,800 youth combined fun, friendship, and firm avowal

MORONI. UTAH

omeion to the Church during the meeting and social following. W. Cleon Skousen,

Sue Wardell, and Larry Bagley spoke on the theme: "Secret Combinations in the

Latter Days."

Marching along together for the purpose of improved posture, poise, and persona!

appearance, a group of girls have become famous as the East Sharon Toppers. Lucile

W. Brown started the group as part of the YWMIA sports program in East SharonJJ

Provo, Utah. They've been in parades, festivals, floor shows, and athletic halftime productions.

The famous fifteen, as they're fondly known now, came from all over the Church to be honored during June conference Focus on Youth presentation in the Tabernacle.

They're typical of LDS teens who are "not only good but good for something."A week

of rehearsing, of entertaining and being entertained by top Church and civic officials began with the group kneeling in prayer before breakfast and ended with a cast party at Pioneer Village in Salt Lake. They wept as each shook hands with President McKay

and marveled at the number of wonderful teens they met in Salt Lake. "Imagine having

so many friends who are active LDS,"they kept repeating. Winning the hearts of all

were Lawrence Perkes, Raymond 0. Lowry Jr., Steve Bramwell, Patti Mueller, Ina Van

Aalst, Judy Nelson, Mary Anne Quinn, Michael D. Riggs, Dennis B. Knoles, Nancy

TV/ J

,-j Vi |il 1 i < t,< j *i<r % 3 j,,gi 4 y % 7 i;4 I 4: - *$ /

PROVO, UTAH

* fi ft |;.T

l ******* w w

OMAHA, NEBRASKA rewer, Andrea Marie Lee, Heidi McKenzie, Bill and JoAnne Cochran, and Douglas

Teens have been on the move elsewhere, too... Las Vegas, Nevada high school

inary students went by chartered bus to Disneyland in the annual senior class daylong jaunt... "The Cody Youth Group"emblazoned on the bus sides identified the

group earning a trip to Seattle. They were housed in the homes of members of Seattle

PARK CITY, UTAH Fourth Ward.

Sixtyfive young people of the Murray 3rd Ward, Murray Stake, recently accepted a twomonth mission call as they took parts and helped produce "Lisa,"an original threeact musical play written by Gae Cowley and Judith Stephan. The challenging and

heartwarming story moved nonmembers to investigate and members to reevaluate.

A threehour testimony meeting followed the performances.

And what are you doing

DETROIT, MICHIGAN HOW MANY STANZAS SHALL WE SING???

BY ALEXANDER SCHREINER TABERNACLE ORGANIST CHAIRMAN. SENIOR MUSIC COMMITTEE ON SUNDAY SCHOOL

GENERAL BOARD MEMBER, GENERAL MUSIC COMMITTEE OF THE CHURCH

This paper, written at the request of the General

Music Committee, is approved by it and by its advisers.

The question of the number of stanzas of hymns which our people shall sing is raised occasionally. At

times the opinion is given that all stanzas should always be sung, and that violence is done to the hymn if any stanza is left out. At other times, opinion favors

the appropriateness and even expediency of having fewer than the complete number of stanzas used.

Can a valid ruling be found? Is it desirable to

establish a hard and fast rule? Perhaps a general

recommendation may be formulated.

The following approved statement takes the point of view that our people should be asked to use their good judgment in the number of stanzas which are sung. The terms "verse"and "stanza"are often used

synonymously. "Verse"is properly a single metrical

line of poetry; a "stanza"is a group of such lines.

Whereas our present hymnbook contains hymns with usually three or four stanzas, but also with as many as seven and eight in older hymnbooks, we often find many more. For example, in our own Sacred

Hymns and Spiritual Songs, published originally in 1840, with the twentyfifth edition appearing in 1912, we find hymns by Parley P. Pratt, Eliza R. Snow, and

W. W. Phelps with as many as nine, ten, twelve, and

sixteen and more stanzas.

In our present hymnbook "How Firm a Foundation"has seven stanzas. Hymn 244, "Glorious Things of

Thee are Spoken"has seven, and in the earlier hymnbook it had ten.

What we sing as "Praise God from Whom All

Blessings Flow"is originally stanza number eight in the hymn "Awake My Soul"by Thomas Ken.

It does not seem likely that all the verses were ever intended to be used every time that the hymn was sung. We do know that years ago the presiding person said something like this: "Let us sing hymn

number so and so, verses one, three, nine, and ten."

This procedure may still be found in operation on hymn boards in many churches, with numbers posted thus: "Hymn 156, v. 1, 3, 9, 10."Only the indicated

verses are then used.

In an ideal hymn the verses are not consecutive (Continued on page 596)

AUGUST 1962 585 r t Ju:.Sea <ucri 7i vrnboh

BY JACK B. KEMMERER

Marine birds are as striking a feature of the seascape majority of the nearly fifty species of gulls have white as any fish, and the flying silhouette of a gull against heads, but a number do acquire a dark hood during the horizon creates a picture you'll always remember. the breeding season.

Flocks of gulls resting lightly on the waters of our Gulls are the garbage collectors of the sea. As sea

harbors, bobbing on the waves like a toy boat, playing scavengers they welcome as food dead fish, garbage, around docks and piers, or just sitting motionless on a and offal of various sorts, and their services in cleanbreakwater are familiar sights to all who live along or ing up such materials is of considerable value in visit any of the coastal areas of the world. preventing pollution of harbors and beaches.

They are best known of all sea birds, and those The versatility of the gull shows his degree of inunacquainted with ornithology often call any bird telligence. He is equipped for life on the water. His

seen at sea a sea gull. The gulls are longwinged sea webbed feet are for swimming, but he doesn't seem

birds of moderate to fairly large size, ranging in to care whether nature equips him for the sea or not.

length of body from one foot to two feet six inches. His taste often runs to angleworms, grasshoppers,

They have short necks and rather short legs. In crickets, and field mice instead of sardines. As the

adult plumage nearly all gulls have the body and tail notion strikes him, he will take up quarters far from white and the wings and back gray or black. The any ocean.

586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

One species, the California gull, is extremely fond substantial debt it owes to the gull is attested in Salt of field mice, and during an outbreak of that pest in Lake City, where a monument surmounted by bronze

Nevada in 1907-8, thousands of gulls flocked into and figures of two gulls was erected in 1913 at a cost near the devastated alfalfa fields and fed entirely on of $40,000.

mice, eliminating them from the fields in a short time. The Sea Gull Monument was erected "In Grateful

The gulls then disappeared as mysteriously as they Remembrance of the Mercy of God to the Mormon had arrived. Pioneers."In the spring of 1848 black crickets by the

Franklin's gulls seem to avoid the ocean most of millions threatened to ruin the crops upon which dethe time. Their range is from the wheat fields of pended the very lives of the settlers. Suddenly—as a

southern Canada down through Montana, Wisconsin, heavensent miracle—tremendous flocks of gulls apand the Dakotas. In the spring thousands of these peared out of the sky and devoured vast numbers of

gulls can be seen following the plowman, picking the destructive insects, until the fields were entirely up various types of insects and larvae. In freed from them. In 1849 and again in 1850 crickets

Canada, Franklin's gulls are commonly called, again attacked the crops and were repelled by the "Prairie Chickens."gulls. Today you will still find many gulls flying in

That at least one community has not forgotten the and out of Utah where ( Continued on page 598

AUGUST 1962 587 aThis is the testimony last

In the restored Church of Jesus Christ, for instance, a class of Church history students were to almost all active members have an opporcomplete the course without having their testimonies tunity at some time to teach principles of strengthened that Jesus is the Christ and that he not the gospel to others. We may be assigned only had great personal influence in the meridian of

to teach a course related to the Book of time but has exercised and does now exercise great

Mormon, New Testament, Church history, influence in the world today through his Church and or to any gospel subject. In each case prophets. A Book of Mormon course could not be conthere is a wealth of material which may sidered a success, no matter how intellectually stimutake much studious effort to understand lating, if we fail to achieve, in a measure, the simple,

and to teach; for example, straightforward objective stated on the title page of

CONDUCTED we can spend relatively great the book itself "the convincing... that Jesus is the

BY THE amounts of time teaching about Christ, the Eternal God."

UNIFIED the migrations and military Were we to teach a New Testament course and

CHURCH strategems in the Book of Mornot provide our students with the spiritual insight

SCHOOL mon, or about chronological that the Savior was more than a righteous man—that

SYSTEM historical events in the develophe was and is, in actuality, the Son of God who brought ment of the Church in our day, to us a "plan of salvation"and the assurance of a or about the geography and economic backliteral resurrection, we would have to admit we had ground of Palestine during New Testament failed. There never was a time when the message

times. We could teach a class of Book of that "Jesus is the Christ"was of greater importance

Mormon students about the many interthan it is today.

nal and external evidences that the work On a university campus, not long ago, it was the was not written by Joseph Smith, but with writer's pleasure to participate in several discussions the help of divine inspiration. In Church with some gentlemen from widely scattered areas who

history we might convey an appreciation for represented at least ten different Christian denominathe testimony and faith which moved a tions. Throughout several hours the group discussed

great number of people to undergo extreme such things as the place of religion in a person's life, hardships to preserve their religious bethe nature of religious authority, and their individual liefs. In New Testament, we might teach concepts of the Savior. Among other expressions

that Jesus taught eternal principles of rightof personal philosophy, several leaders presented the eousness that will lead man to happiness following points of view: Jesus was a great moral

both here and hereafter. teacher; he was the one in whom "God was most

It is possible to achieve these objectives completely able to reveal himself"; he was not the

most successfully and yet miss the fundaSon of God in any literal sense; he was not born of

mental or basic objective for which we a virgin; he did not bring with him any authority

should strive—to teach that Jesus is the beyond that which his followers bestowed upon him1 Christ. We would fail in great measure if, for his "goodness"; the ordinances taught by him

nn BY JOE J. CHRISTENSEN, director, moscow. ioaho, institute of religionof all

were "fine if they helped the individual fulfill his tends to cling more than some other faiths to conown personal psychological needs"but they were not servative traditional concepts of the Savior, he really necessary for salvation. While the group was expressed some alarm at the present status of Chrisdiscussing the nature of religious authority, one leader tianity as represented by the opinions of the various

said that all he really knew was that he, himself, leaders. We seemed to share a common concern

existed and that he believed God existed somehow, about this.

somewhere. This was his position at that time. He The writer then asked, "Would it not clear up a

pointed out that later his understanding might be lot of questions and be a wonderful thing, if somedifferent. One member of the group defined his one in our era were to receive knowledge directly

position as an "existentialistic"Christian. Needless from Christ, revealing his nature and his relationship

to say, the discussions were disturbing to one who to God the Father and to man—much like we read

considers the Savior divine. about in the scriptures?"Unhesitatingly, he responded,

Leaving one of the meetings, the writer came in "That is what we need most!"

contact with one of the religious leaders who was In sincerity, the writer bore his testimony that this in charge of the missionary efforts of his church is the very reason our young LDS missionaries knock throughout a large area of the United States. This on doors of members of his and every church. We

clergyman commented that he had become aware of believe that this has happened—that Jesus has revealed

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and himself to man in our time. To us this is the most

its missionary system primarily through members of important message man can hear today, and for this his own church who had asked him to come into their reason we do not limit it to those who are the homes and clear up some of the questions left by "unchurched."

our missionaries. Following this observation, he Very often, the writer has pondered this experience,

specifically stated that he did not really understand feeling a great debt of gratitude for the knowledge we our missionary system. Why, he wanted to know, have been given through the restoration of the gospel

did we send missionaries among professing Christians and the Prophet Joseph Smith's message, that "...

who were active in their various churches? He exafter the many testimonies which have been given

plained that when the missionaries of his church of him, this is the testimony, last of all, which we give knock on the door of a home in which the occupants of him: That he lives!

are active in any denomination, they leave and carry "For we saw him, even on the right hand of their message to someone else who is "unchurched."God;..."(D&C 76:2223. Italics added.) This is

He implied strongly that we should limit our missionthe most important message teachers of the gospel ary efforts in the LDS Church in the same way and in any setting can proclaim—that Christ lives; that he

not bother active members of other faiths. is divine; that he is literally the Son of God; and that

Later, our discussion turned to our mutual reaction obedience to his teachings and ordinances are necesto many of the ideas about Christ—his place in resary for the salvation and happiness of all men.

ligion and in the world—which we had heard during When we teach any gospel subject, if we do less

the seminar discussions. Being from a church which than teach that Jesus is the Christ, we have failed.

AUGUST 1962 589 Trek to the North Here we have a symbol of a pioCardston plays host to the world.

neer people, their stability, culture It is covered wagon days living (Continued from page 569) and faith—faith in themselves, their again as the populace unites in honleaders, and their God who brought oring the pioneers, the heroic legion

them to this Zion on Canadian soil. of men and women who laid the

The temple meets the eye against This is jubilee year in Cardston, foundations in the winning of the this thrilling backdrop with almost southern Alberta's temple city, when West.

startling suddenness. Its lines are the seventyfifth anniversary of the It was the early summer of 1887.

straight and chaste and classic, in founding of the frontier settlement The prairie grass was green, the every sense a holy place, fashioned on Lee's Creek is being marked. chinook wind clean and bracing to

after the temples of the prehistoric Festivities in keeping with this histhe folk in the lumbering wagon races of America. toric event are being held as friendly train from Utah, heading north to

found a new home on the broad Canadian prairies.

They had left for the long trek in April. The company was destined

to history. pioneers make Mormon

as fathers to had their moved The fallacy of the collective a new land beckoning on the frontier. At

cloak theirpresidentheadof wasthe CacheCharlesStakeOraof Card,Zion,

RICHARD L. EVANS most northerly stake of the Church

at that time.

Then came the eventful day of Last week we talked of the fallacy of justifying our the long and wearisome journey, as own faults by pointing to the faults of others, and Jane Woolf Bates relates in her valuTHE eliminate personal responof trying to of the fallacy history: able SPOKEN sibility participants. by multiplying Too often we "It was June 1, at 10:30 am when WORD

seem to try to hide under a collective cloak, to President Card stopped his team now assume that an act or utterance in the name of a crowd or a group always in the lead since leaving or an organization or institution is something for which no one is Helena. Mrs. Card was assisted by

personally responsible. "We live,"said E. H. Chapin, "too much him to alight or rather to climb out

live individuality sections; in our in platoons; do not march we by we

.. heart, in to fashion slaves are and mind enough; we "l But with byovera thepilewagonof stones.wheel.He Theywavedstoodhis

all collective act and utterance there is still a personal responsibility. hat and shouted something which

Things simply don't do themselves or decide themselves. This none could hear but all understood.

hiding under a collective cloak, this shrinking from personal respon- "Wagons were drawn up while sibility, is one of the reasons why crowds and combinations of smiling occupants alighted and gave people can sometimes go so far afield—this fallacy of supposing that their salutes—shouts of 'Hurrah for

something done in the name of a group is after all something quite Canada,''Three cheers for Canada,'different from an individual action. There is no such thing as 'Canada or Bust.'Laughter and

a collective conscience. Conscience is within each of us. And gladness on every hand. Snatches

there is no such thing as making a wrong right simply because of songs were sung. Each selected

more than one person participates, or simply because each one a stone which was added to the fast considers his part to be impersonal. For our votes, our acts, our growing mound marking the boundutterance, our influence, our encouragement—or even for our indifary. They had reached the new

all silent of or of us responsibility. share ference a consent—have the homeland. were nearing They

... "let it will, said Carlyle, of the us here,"world one "Each go how of the trail."end

... of his to lead? Life world's a not has he being own saved The north through ImmigraPushing

will us. world's not the lost destroy us; nor being save We should train tion the reached wagon Gap

.."-. "Sin to ourselves: look with the multitude,"said Tryon halted the St. River and was Mary

guilt responsibility are as your "and great and Edwards, and water. It looked account of high as on 3 as "It is personal, truly the if you a very wrong."alone had done It hazardous. was Thursday, June

serious duty, perhaps, of all duties the most serious,"said Nathaniel and Fast Day. Special prayers were2,

into "to one's look character conduct, and Emmons, own and for of safety offered the the com-."4 one's heart. accurately "'Tis read greatly to talk wise own rejoiced pany. they morning Next."

.. hearts, is ask stand. with and them our own n There..how we for to the thanks Lord and gave

no known way in groups or organizations or institutions, or in answer to their petitions, for duringhis society itself, to separate ourselves by a collective cloak from printhe night the river had dropped two ciples or from personal responsibility. feet and was safe to cross, of which

iEdwin Hubbell Unit, Chapin (18141880), Am. clergy. they were assured by the redcoated

-Carlyle, HeroWorship, Lecture and V. On Heroes:iTryon Edwards (180994), Am. theol. and editor. Mountain Police who were there to

'Nathaniel (17451840), Emmons Am. theol. officially welcome the settlers. poet. "'Edward Eng. (16831765), Young

On June 3rd these pioneers "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the reached the banks of Lee's Creek,

Columbia Broadcasting System, May 6, 1962. Copyright 1962. pitched their tents and soon had

590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the first sturdy home built on the 1887, to quote President Card: "I President Card met the northbound

site of Cardston, despite the blanket took my journey to Helena, where immigrant train, traveling in covered of fresh snow covering the valley. I was joined by Thomas E. Ricks of wagons.

This first home was the Card home, Rexburg, Idaho, Bishop Thomas X. At Helena the settlers bought sup-

a rugged landmark still standing in Smith of the Logan Fourth Ward, plies and rested for the long, wearithe heart of the now thriving Temple Elder Niels Monson of Hyrum, the some drive to the Blackfoot Indian

City. latter conveying us from there to reservation and on to Canada.

Church services were held June Lee's Creek, Alberta. On the 27th The immigrants found in Canada

5th in the tent of Josiah Hammer of April we located the site of what a land richly carpeted with bunch and at that memorable meeting it is is now known as the village of grass and prairie flowers—the frasaid the first prophecy was heard, Cardston."grant wild rose was a favorite. Lakes

declaring that a temple would be The advance party planted garand rivers added charm to the eye.

built in Canada. The hearts of the dens and left for Helena where The mountain passes were inviting,

Saints were made glad that day, especially the heart of their venerable leader who had supervised the building of the Logan Temple and histabernacle. Sharing his joy was Mothers—and their needdevoted wife, the beloved "Aunt

Zina"Young Card, a daughter of

Brigham is still rememYoung who as the of the to he neededbered "Mother

Colonies."RICHARD L. EVANS The Lee's Creek country was not

unknown to President Card. He and There comes to mind a gentle mingling of many

two associates, Bishop Isaac Zundell thoughts on mothers, and it would be difficult to

Elder onand James W. Hendricks, of an. intermixing this subject without consider THE of Presidentcounsel John Taylor, Goldsmith SPOKEN of William as the words tender emotion,

a colonization misundertakenhad WORD mortals to sweetest sounds us: "The remind Brown

1sion in into to select 1886 Canada times, are There Heaven."and in Mother, Home, heard a given Are

site soil, for a settlement, on British mother understanding devoted, a others, early times and when where the prophet of God said they needed more than almost anything one might mention—a need sois

would find "British justice."This, as urgent and obvious as to make difficult the utterance of it. And

President Card always said, they then the years pass, and for mothers there may come a great gap had. between feeling much needed and feeling needed little, or a little

This was an era of expansion in less, as Jean Ingelow's words suggest: "To bear, to nurse, to rear,

the west. intermountain whole disappear, ones to lose, Drawn To see my bright and then watch The To

country was areas were astir. New also, there others as for mothers, dews."2 For like morning up

being opened to settlement. The need to know that they are needed, long after the period of comis

Church was growing in spite of plete dependence has passed, long after tender nurturing and bitter persecution. And so it was nourishing; long after the early years of youth—even to the later

that Charles Ora Card and his two years of life—there is need to know that they are needed, for

companions traveled north through strength, for understanding, for counsel, for comfort—need for

Idaho, Washington, and across the mothers waiting, watching, often worrying; mothers giving, doing,

line into British Columbia. There sharing, caring, and constantly encouraging. A waiting mother is

an old mountaineer told them of the one of the great safeguards of life, and mothers need to know that "deeply grassed Indian plains"east they are needed, loved, wanted, appreciated, as a performer needs of the Rockies in Alberta. approval and applause. As wrote one writer of half a century since:

Hither they journeyed, traveling "A woman can stand anything but being forgotten, not being by rail from Kamloops to Calgary needed...."8 Mothers bless, and are blessed, by being needed in

thence south by democrat [a light, the daily lives of loved ones. And so the years must endlessly

uncovered wagon of two or more remind us how much they do, or did; how much they mean, and

seats]. There they found the fertile meant—how much they now must mean. There is need for all of

plains and foothills of southwestern us to know, as families, how much we need each other always—for

Alberta. Lying at the foot of the the family is forever. And now to close may we recall these

''Where'sfriendly Rockies, it reminded them thoughtful quoted words from a thoughtful writer:

of their own mountain home in Utah. Mother?'could be heard through the hallway. And they stood

President Card blessed the land as and watched her as she went on alone, and the gates closed after a new gathering place for the Saints. her. And they said: 'We cannot see her, but she is with us still. A

The Lee's Creek area was chosen Mother like ours is more than a Memory. She is a Living Presence.'"'

for the first townsite; they then returned to Utah and reported their William2Jean Ingelow,GoldsmithSongsBrown,of Seven:Mother,SevenHome,TimesHeaven.Six.

colonization mission to President sMary4TempleStewartBailey, Cutting,A LittleWhatParableIs aforSuccessfulMother. Husband?

Taylor, who gave it his warm approval. They remained over the "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

winter, and early in the spring of Columbia Broadcasting System, May 13, 1962. Copyright 1962.

AUGUST 1962 591 and feathered game abounded. implements, and household effects. At some points en route north the

While the sagebrush of their old Some of the women carried their settlers encountered a serious water

Utah home had been left behind rocking chairs on the already over shortage, but these resourceful piowith the canyon picnic spots, over stuffed wagons. "Aunt Zina"had neer women met the problem by

all to the west and south of the her folding chair strapped to the bathing their children in milk.

little settlement rose Chief Mountain, back of her wagon. There were The Sabbath was observed as a

steeped in Indian lore—an ageold hardships on the journey, with long, day of rest and worship. There was

landmark on the Great North Trail exhausting drives to reach wood, no deviation from this rule, and the which skirted the mountain ranges water, and grass. The lameness departy gathered new strength and

from Mexico to the Barrens. veloped by the cattle with hooves courage in the stirring marching

Eight families, including fortyone cracked or gravel coated caused hymn of their faith, "Come, Come, men, women, and children, made up delays, but these hooves were Ye Saints."

the original company on the long washed, filled with tar, and wrapped The Mormon settlers soon won trek, who brought in teams, cattle, in gunny sacking until healed. the confidence of their Indian neighbors, the Bloods. President Card

and Chief Red Crow made a pledge of friendship which has never been broken. Of the historic meeting of

the two leaders, Mike Oka, aged member of the tribe, has given us this account: A mother—a father, waiting "In 1887 Chief Red Crow heard

a number of white settlers who had arrived at what is now known as

RICHARD L. EVANS Cardston, and so the chief, his wife,

and one of his sons, Chief Moon, and

Last week we remarked that a waiting mother is myself made a visit to these white one of life's surest safeguards, or as someone said people, on horseback, because in

THE it: "The memory of a mother waiting is a safeguard those days wagons were very scarce

SPOKEN against temptation."'A mother—a father—a parent on the reserve. WORD who cares enough to wait, and worry, who cares "We came upon their encampenough to counsel and to be concerned, is among the greatest of ment by Lee's Creek, east of Arvin

blessings to children and to society that God has given. Of course, Stoddard's barn... I never saw so

young people may become impatient and wonder why parents many covered wagons in all my life.

want to know—need to know—where they go, what they do, the Mr. Card (Inno-yesto-ije), meaning

kind of company they keep; activities, attitudes, and interests; the Long Beard, had a long talk with

course of life they intend to take. But in the complexity of our us.

problems, it becomes increasingly apparent that a loving, healthy, "Mr. Card told us that some day

happy family is one of the most steadying factors of life, and one of we would come back to the white the surest sources of safety. Always there is temptation, always race and be wise and intelligent like

there are those who would coax and dare and seek to induce them, so today Mr. Card's prophecy

departure from safe principles and practices. There are evils and is showing strong among the younger

errors, heartaches and heartbreaks, wasted time and wasted lives. generation.

And always in young people there is a measure of independence, of "After Mr. Card's talk to the chief,

wanting to strike out to see and decide for themselves, which is the chief in return with his hands altogether understandable. But to you who are young: Don't clasped in Mr. Card's hands told

misjudge the motives of parents, or their experience or responsibility, him that his children, meaning the or their cause for concern. In the words of one earnest writer: Blood Indians, will be brothers and

"Children do not know how their parents love them, and they never friends to the white man as long as will till the grave closes over those parents, or till they have childern Old Chief Mountain is looking on the of their own."- It is part of the responsibility of parents to teach, land. Mr. Card gave us food and

to train, to help prevent the making of many mistakes and to help we went home."

youth prepare for a useful, happy future, without the bitterness or The settlers had other visitors.

penalties that come with ignoring principles that have so long These were the riders of the Cochbeen proved in the past, and it would be improper for them not rane Ranch to the northwest, the to know their children's plans and purposes. There may be irricountry's biggest cattle outfit at the

tations and irksome restrictions at times, or so it may seem. But time founded by the late Senator

in looking back there will be great gratitude for those who helped Cochrane and run by his son "Billy"avoid serious, timewasting, heartbreaking mistakes, who helped to Cochrane.

keep them on course. "The memory of a mother—a father—waitAfter the ranch hands had

ing—is a safeguard against temptation."watched the Mormons from a distance, they galloped back to the

'Author Unknown. Edmund Vance Cooke (18861932) (Am. auth. and lee.) home ranch and reported that they

were down there on Lee's Creek 'The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the plowing up the country and buildColumbia Broadcasting System, May 20, 1962. Copyright 1962. ing cabins on some of the best

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA range. "Billy"Cochrane heard their while residing in Salt Lake City, day Saint colonization in Canada.

story, and grinned: she served as matron of the LDS From the mere handful of Mormon

"Don't worry about the Mormons, University for a number of years. pioneer settlers seventyfive years

boy. They'll winter kill anyway."President Card visioned the buildago at Cardston there are now an

But the Mormons did not winter ing of a temple at Cardston but did estimated 40,000 Latterday Saints kill as the agricultural history of not live to see the rise of the marble in Canada, with the population of

Western Canada attests. The Cochand granite walls of the imposing Cardston crowding 3,000.

ranes became friends of the settlers, sacred edifice. The Card colony, pathfinders and

and the cash earned the first fall in The temple, a symbol of the faith builders, traveled uncharted trails, the settlement, from haying contracts and permanency of the Church in forded rivers, and built schools and with the ranch, was like manna from Canada, was dedicated by President churches; and with trust in God they

heaven. Later, at the turn of the Heber J. Grant on July 23, 1923. A founded a new home on the froncentury, the beautiful 67,000 acre new and inspiring leader, Edward J. tier for the Saints of many lands.

ranch became the property of the Wood of Cardston, was the first This year they are receiving the

Church in one of the biggest land president, serving for twentyfive thanks of thousands. The tales of

deals in that booming era. Much years. yesterday are being retold in hisof the land was colonized by the President Card's death marked the torical Cardston today.

Church, becoming the United Irriclose of the pioneer era of LatterSeventy-five years after its foundgation District.

The Cochrane Ranch itself is one of three cattle ranches owned and operated by the Church in Canada.

One is the Knight Ranch, south of

Raymond, named for its founder the late "Uncle Jesse"Knight of Provo,.Utah. The family circle

It was the Knights who introduced the beet sugar industry in Western

Canada, building a factory at RayRICHARD L. EVANS

mond, following completion of the first irrigation canal in the west. We have talked in recent weeks of mothers, of

The Sir Alexander T. Gait interfathers, and now but for a moment would consider

ests financed the irrigation venture THE the family circle. If each day we awoke we were

with Mormon settlers from Utah and SPOKEN aware that we were surely one day nearer to the

Idaho doing the actual work and WORD end of all that means the most—the end forever of

receiving half payment in cash, the seeing beloved faces of family, of friends, the end of life's sweetest remainder in land. Price of the land associations—if this, indeed, were our actual outlook, there surely

was six dollars an acre. could be frustration and cynicism, and life's sweetest memories

President Card saw much of this could be but memories of remorse. Indeed, what is most dearly

development. For nearly twenty loved and then forever lost must be a matter of remorse. But this,

years he was active in Church, busimost blessedly, is not the pattern or the purpose or the promise ness, and civic affairs and became God has given. But suppose it were: suppose that even here and

the first mayor of Cardston when now we were to lose our place in the circle of family and friends;

that settlement became an incorporsuppose that we could never be again with those who mean the ated town in 1901. When the Almost; suppose we never could go home to loved ones waiting. Life

berta Stake was organized in 1895, could be cruel and empty under such circumstances. George Eliot

he became its first president, and he said in a striking, searching sentence: "I desire no future that will

started the first cooperative store, break the ties of the past."1 The ties to life, to loved ones, to the

the first sawmill, first gristmill, and blessed everlasting reality of family and friends, to things that we other enterprises on the cooperative can count on, give faith and peace and purpose and assurance for basis as had been fostered in Utah the future. And so, to those who have lost—and to those who may

by Brigham Young. He was also a lose—those whom most they love, we come again to a reaffirming

pioneer in irrigation. Honored and of this faith—faith in the eternal continuance of truth, of intelliloved by thousands, Charles Ora gence, of personality, of personal eternal progress; faith in the purCard was a tireless leader to within poses of him who made us in his image; faith in the literal reality

three years of his death, when he of everlasting life with those we love. In time, as in eternity, there

returned to his old home in Logan is nothing more blessed or important than the completeness of where he died September 9, 1906. the family circle, and the place of each of us in it. And knowing

Zina Young Card, "Aunt Zina,"as many who have gone before, we may know how wonderful it must she was affectionately called, the debe where loved ones wait. "I desire no future that will break the

voted wife of President Card, also ties of the past"1—for heaven could only be heaven with family

played a prominent part in the Cardand friends.

ston settlement, being the main- 'George Eliot (181980) Entf. novelist.

spring of the cultural and social life of the community. She survived "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

her husband a number of years, and Columbia Broadcasting System, May 27, 1962. Copyright 1962.

AUGUST 1962 593

ing, the curtain of history is being dent Hugh B. Brown of the First Let Us Live to Make

rolled to the covered back Presidency wagon and Elder Nathan Eldon Men Free redays. days are being Tanner, Assistant to the The old of Council

lived, and as the spirit of the past the Twelve, were born in the Salt ( Continued from page 581 is revived for the present generation, Lake area, but they found Canada to there will be salutes to the past and be their great land of growth and beauty of Christ and the lilies intento the future, for Cardston will conopportunity. President Brown's wife, sified into the soulstirring climax,

tinue to grow in this challenging Zina Young Card Brown, was the she sprang from her bed, electrified century.next quarter the experience. in the Groping third baby to be born in the LDS by out this thriving Canadian From dark, she of fumbled for a piece

colony, by adoption and by birth, colony. Elder Victor Lee Brown, paper and a pen. The great "Battle

have sprung some of the stalwarts of Second Counselor in the Presiding Hymn of the Bepublic"was scribbled presentday LDS leadership. PresiBishopric is a native of Cardston. on a scrap of official correspondence

paper, bearing the heading, "Sanitary

Commission, Washington D.C. Treasury Building, November 16, 1861."

"I like this better than most verses

I have written,"Julia told herself, as she went back to bed. Little

did she dream of the impact that those inspired words would have

to tury come. A gentle, kindly communication upon her country through the censong The made its way with inRICHARD L. EVANS credible speed. It was sung; it was

recited; it was chanted as a prayer

on the eve of strategic battles. It

Last week, in speaking of marriage, we suggested was printed in newspapers, in army a gentle, kindly, open communication as one of prayer books, and after being transTHE the qualities required, and we know of nothing lated into other languages, it beSPOKEN scroll millions. of the sacred of came understanding for essential the dayto-day WORD more singers Battle the of the Among for explaining moods and for each other and many

avoiding many hurts. There is sometimes need for silence, and Hymn was the fighting chaplain,

there is sometimes need for talking—and both have their place and Charles McCabe of the 122nd Ohio

purpose. And there are different kinds of silence: There is thoughtVolunteer Infantry. He read the

ful silence; peaceful, understanding silence; there is moody silence; poem in the Atlantic Monthly and

there is inconsiderate silence; there is hurt silence, silence where was so impressed by it that he

people harbor hurts in their hearts and brood about them, or memorized it before he set the imagine offenses, or make small things seem large, and fail to get magazine down. When, after his

them out into the open. Marriage is a sharing of ourselves, a giving capture at Winchester he was conof ourselves. And it means a sharing and a giving of our thoughts, fined to prison, the song was one

our minds, our moods, our hopes and dreams, our plans and purthing that no one could take away poses in closest confidence. And people who are so closely assofrom him.

ciated, so closely concerned, so closely and rightfully a part of There was consternation among a partnership, need to know, to understand, to communicate, to the captives of Libby Prison. Hunget through to each other. The small hurts, and large ones also, dreds of soldiers were huddled toare often avoided if there is understanding, and there can be undergether. They were dispirited by a

standing only if there is communication. This doesn't necessarily talse report that had just reached the

mean loquacious communication. And it doesn't mean only talking prison. The rumor was that one of

about big things. There is wisdom and satisfaction and a closeness the most crucial battles of the war

of confidence in sharing small things also: what happened during had ended with victory for the

the day, the small success and hopes and failures and feelings. And enemy. Men gathered in groups,

fears also are often softened by a gentle, kindly communication. In some sitting on the bare floor, others

marriage there must be a completeness of confidence and a comlying down. They flung questions

pleteness of understanding also, which calls for an open channel at each other: how, where, why had

of communication, a twoway interchange of ideas, of thoughts their men failed? Chaplain McCabe

and feelings. Where things are harbored in the heart, where listened quietly to the disconcerting

there is no adequate outlet, real things—or many things imagined, conversation.

may fester and build up pressures. One of the essentials of safety Suddenly a door opened admitting

and success in marriage is a gentle, open outlet of quiet and confi- a slave carrying food to the prisoners.

dent and kindly twoway talk—frank when it needs to be, honest "You have been falsely informed,"

also, but always gentle, always understanding, always kindly and he whispered to one of the men.

considerate—communication that is never cutting or unkind. "Of course there was a great battlebut it ended in victory for the

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Union."

Columbia Broadcasting System, March 4, 1962. Copyright 1962. The word flashed through the

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA prison. Men shouted. Some wept author's son who was seated next reported Captain Belknap, "espeas they embraced each other. Then, to her. No doubt, he had scanned cially of those deathless words 'He

above the frenzied tumult, a mighty the faces of this gay company and has sounded forth the trumpet that tenor voice arose. Someone was concluded that they would not be shall never call retreat.'To our

singing, "Mine eyes have seen the interested in words that spoke of brave boys, the music of the battle glory of the coming of the Lord,""the glory of the coming of the hymn following the British National and Chaplain McCabe's great voice Lord."Anthem, was as welcome as a

took on the exaltation of a prayer of But Julia was not to be daunted. mother's voice."

gratitude. The men ceased their Here was another opportunity to sow Labeled as the greatest war song

babbling and joyously joined in the the good seed. She asked for a few that has ever been written, the battle

refrain. "Glory, glory, hallelujah! moment's meditation, then, in that hymn declares God's irresistible

His truth is marching on!"The batsilver-toned voice that was typical power and points through the fiercest

tle that had thus inflamed the of her, she began. She seemed unconflict to a certain triumph of the

inmates of Libby Prison was the aware of her audience as, with head right. Thus has it lived through a

famous Battle of Gettysburg. uplifted, she recited one verse after century of war and peace.

After his release from prison, another. When she came to the In 1959 its popularity received an

Chaplain McCabe was requested to line, "Be swift, my soul to answer unprecedented "shot in the arm"tell the story of his wartime experihim, Be jubilant, my feet,"she rewhen again our great Tabernacle ences before a distinguished audipeated the words with uplifted Choir scored, winning the coveted ence in the nation's capital. Recalling hands, and a downward glance at Grammy Award for the best rendihis impressions of the night in Libby her feet; her voice slightly raised. tion of the song by any choral group.

Prison, he became so filled with Each attentive face of those men Then it became number one on the emotion that words failed him, and and women of the world seemed to hit parade, and its timely message he began to sing the battle hymn. reflect her great religious spirit; her filtered through the ether into the

Every heart was touched. When he profound patriotic devotion. When homes and hearts of millions of peocame to the chorus, the congregation she was finished, there was a mople through radio and television.

arose. How they sang! Then the ment's silence and quietly the crowd Many song writers have tried to

band joined in. There was a tumult dispersed. set the lyrics of the battle hymn to

of applause which subsided only During the intervening years, the other music, but the words and the when a tall angular figure arose from "terrible battle hymn"as Rudyard music are so "inseparably wedded"the assembly. His countenance Kipling called it, has been a favorite that to divorce them would never

glowed. Tears rolled down his among the American people; and meet with success.

boney cheeks. since the spring of 1917, when our "Let us die to make men free,"

"Sing it again,"he said. "Please country entered World War I, it has wrote the author of Civil War days.

sing it again."been almost as popular abroad. On "Let us LIVE to make men free,"

The request came from none other the battlefields of France, the sings the famed Tabernacle Choir than Abraham Lincoln, President of soldiers sang it with intensity. Great today; and I am sure that if Julia

the United States. When later, at cathedrals echoed its exultant tones, Ward Howe were here, she would

a reception for the President, Mr. and the followers of the Union Jack heartily accept the change, for she

Lincoln greeted Chaplain McCabe, sang it with as much gusto as did spent the afternoon of her life trying he made reference to the occasion at most Americans. to convince women of all nations

the capital. "Taking it all in all,"Typical of its worldwide acceptof the futility of war. Her crusade

said Lincoln, "that song and the ance is the account of a solemn Indefor peace took her to all parts of the singing was the best that I have pendence Day celebration held in world, and her "Appeal to Womanever heard."the High Church of the Royal Burge hood in the Interest of World Peace,"

Julia Ward Howe was requested of Iverness, during World War I. was translated into many languages.

to recite her battle hymn at various Under the auspices of the leading "I have a sudden feeling of the functions. She seldom refused. Durclergymen of the town, the immecruelty and unnecessary conduct of

ing one of her visits to Rome, she diate purpose of the assemblage was war,"she said. "It seems to me to be

attended a gay dinner party in the to give thanks for freedom. Among a return to barbarism, this issue beGrand Hotel. The guests reprethose present were American military ing one that might have been settled

sented all that was socially brilliant officers and men of the minelaying without bloodshed and loss. The

in the cosmopolitan life of that squadron. The services opened with question forces itself upon me. Why

"Eternal City.""God Save the King,"followed by do not the mothers of mankind inter-

"Please, Mrs. Howe, recite your "Old Hundred."Then the battle fere in these matters, to prevent the

battle hymn for us,"the bejeweled hymn was sung by a magnificent waste of that human life of which hostess begged the petite Julia, choir, and although the distributed they alone bear and know the cost?

whose white dress and lace head veil programs had printed only one verse, Arise, then Christian women of this labeled her as charmingly unique. our American boys could not stop day. Take counsel with each other

The small figure began to arise at that, and at the close of the first as to the means whereby the great but was halted by a restraining hand stanza, they began to shout the grand human family can live in peace, upon her arm. old marching chorus. The choir took man as the brother of man, each

"Not here, Mother. Please, not up the refrain, and the grateful bearing after his own kind the

here. It would be incongruous to Highlanders joined in and sang sacred impress, not of Caesar, but

recite your battle hymn before this through to its conclusion. "Never of God.... The facts of brothercrowd."The protest came from the before have I heard such singing,"hood must be taught to everyone:

AUGUST 1962 595

to the babe in his cradle, to the together. This treatment of injuries, Americans and Their Songs—Frank

despot on his throne. Human from the high ground of magnaLuther.

brotherhood must be the basis and nimity, is the only action that shall foundation of all education and legissave the world.'How I Wrote the Battle Hymn of

lation; the bond of the high and the How could she have better said, the Republic—Julia. Ward Howe.

low, the rich and the poor.... The "Let us live to make men free"?

only safeguard of human liberty is Stories of Our National Songs—

the virtue of each individual.... I BIBLIOGRAPHY William J. Hart.

listened while the angel of charity says 'Behold, I show you a more exJulia Ward Hoive—hctura. Howe The Life of Chaplain McCabe—

cellent way. Come let us reason Richards and Maud Howe Elliot. Bristol.

How Many Stanzas starspangled banner yet wave o'er Perhaps it may reasonably be said

Shall We Sing? theof thelandbrave?"of theThefreebannerand thehad homebeen thatdevotionthe quality,given inthehymnfervor,singingand theis

( Continued from page 585 seen during the night whenever a more important than the mere numbomb had burst, but at first there ber of stanzas sung. On occasion,

in thought as they are in a poem was no certainty as to whether the someone's favorite stanza may thus which is intended only to be read. flag was still there. It is only in the be left out, but we have to agree that

The classic design of a hymn is so second stanza, "On the shore, dimly everyone's favorite hymn or stanza arranged that the beginning phrase, seen, through the mists of the deep"cannot always be sung at every for example: "Redeemer of Israel, that the banner was really seen to be meeting.

Our Only Delight,"is not only the waving in the morning. This is a In view of all the foregoing it

title, but also the central subject technical matter, but there are sensiseems both impractical and unnecesof the whole hymn. All subsequent tive and logical people who argue, sary to require that in all cases all the

verses then relate to this central suband with justification, that at least stanzas be sung. It seems reasonable

ject just as spokes in a wheel relate two stanzas must be sung, and prethat we should maintain a freedom to the hub center. This procedure ferably all four. Well, we give a of choice in this matter. The Church

then allows the verses to be sung at practical answer that people cannot gives very few absolute instructions random in any order whatsoever, be expected to know from memory on minor matters, and in many since they all relate to the beginning more than the first stanza. It is a pity things encourages its members to

title. In this system no stanza is dethat the poet placed "doubt"at the exercise their good judgment.

pendent on a previous one. This end of the first stanza. The poem is Nevertheless, let us not be penutechnique of hymn writing may be perfect enough if it is meant to be rious in the time which we allow for

observed in examples of all skilled read from a printed page, but it hymn singing, because this is an imhymn writers like Parley P. Pratt, contains an unexpected technical portant mode of worship, one which

Isaac Watts, and others. flaw for practical singing purposes. allows participation on the part of

On the other hand, we all know The outcome of the matter, as we all our members. While not a rigid

of hymns in which the stanzas are all know, is that we go on singing rule, it may be said that it is preconsecutive as they are in poems. this first stanza with fervor and pride ferred that we sing all the verses

Such examples are likely first written and ignore the small item of the whenever reasonably possible. If

as poems to be read and were then question mark at the end. This apthere is abundant time, do not hesitaken over with a melody to be sung pears to be the only possible solution. tate to sing many verses. "The rightas hymns. In such instances it is of The number of stanzas to be sung eous sing and rejoice."(Proverbs

course logical that all verses should is frequently determined by the 29:6.) If the time is far spent you

be sung. This explains why President available time. If we sing all stanzas need not apologize for singing that

Heber J. Grant used to plead that, of "O My Father,"together with a grand "Doxology,"which we have

whenever possible, we sing all stancomplete playing once through on found to be verse number eight in zas of "O My Father."the organ, this takes five minutes. the hymn, or any other single stanza

A particularly interesting example "The Spirit of God like a Fire Is of a hymn. The presiding authority

of sequential stanzas is our United Burning"at normal tempo will take in any meeting (rather than the

States National Anthem, "The Starsix minutes. Both these hymns are chorister) has the right to determine

spangled Banner."(This is not desigsurely worth this much time, if only the number of stanzas to be sung

nated as a hymn because it is not we will not give this time grudgingly. and to so announce them.

addressed to Deity, as are all techWhen, for example, a meeting has Let us then enjoy singing holy nically true hymns; therefore, it is been long, and perhaps held beyond songs and hymns before the Lord,

called an anthem.) Here we have a its usual closing time, then the first having him in mind and singing

poem of four long, successive stanstanza of the closing hymn will be them in his holy name. "I will sing

zas. When sung on patriotic occamost spirited, and each succeeding to the Lord as long as I live. I will

sions, the combined memory of the one less and less welcome. The sing praise to my God while I have

singing patriots is good for only one principal message is usually found in my being."(Psalm 104:33.) "Serve

stanza, the first one. And how does the first stanza. The poets usually the Lord with gladness. Come before

this stanza end? It ends with a give it their best, and the message his presence with singing."(Ibid.,

question mark, "Oh, say does that in it is usually sufficiently complete. 100:2.)

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Most service stations today give good service. Some, of course, are better than others. Many of

these—many of the best—are Conoco stationswith fast, friendly service that makes stopping

a pleasure. We like to say that Conoco service... and Conoco dealers... are truly as "Friendly as

the West."Stop in and see if this isn't so!

CONOCO Hottest Brand Going!

1962, Continental Oil Company

AUGUST 1962 597

The LDS Concept of God in bringing to pass the immorand fidelity, each for the other, in

Marriage tality and eternal life of man. the presence of God and of angels.

The Latterday Saint concept of Surely such a concept and practice, (Continued from page 574) eternal progression includes eterwith its accompanying obligations, of eternal love as it relates to husnal development, eternal increase makes for the permanence of the bands and wives, parents and of knowledge, power, intelligence, home, the glorifying of the instituchildren, the ordinance which auawareness, and all the characteristics tion of marriage, and the salvation of thorizes and sanctifies this most and capacities which make for Godthe souls of men.

beautiful of all relationships is not hood. But in the economy of God Such marriage is essentially an act

acceptable, if it contains the limmen cannot attain this state of of faith, solemnized in the presence itation "until death do you part."continuing perfection in his unfinof a divine partner. There must be

For family relationship and conjugal ished or unmarried state. There faith and courage to see it through,

associations to be eternal, the marmust be growth and increase of the to endure to the end, despite the difriage contract must authoritatively whole man, in other words, the man ficulties, trials, disappointments, and state, "for time and for all eternity."who has found and been united to occasional bereavements which may

All people should realize their rehis other half. be encountered.

sponsibility to their offspring and to This concept of marriage, with its When one accepts the conditions the covenants they make with respect divine perspective, gives new meanand obligations of this eternal partrealize that failure he must dignity, nership, ing importance, adds andthereto. the Lord When said, "We

failure. total here is almost Whatglory idea of marriage. to the and percannotwithout them be made

other successes ever his be in may the concept thoughtful With thisfect"refer128:18), he was (D&C

fails activity, if of to a man will careful person and fields be more linksring to a chain extend whose into the future as well as the past. selective in the choice of his eternal discharge the obligations imposed by

In fact, we may have more direct companion. Certainly before enterthe eternal covenant, the appalling

responsibility for those entrusted to ing into such an eternal contract both penalty will be the loss of celestial us in this life than to our ancestors. men and women should be humble glory, accompanied by responsibility

losses sustained those for the bv should prayerand thoughtful and for responsible cannot be heldWe contract with he made the whom seek for divine guidance. sins, of fully either orthe of commission

is responsible. for and whom he religious sanctity ancestors, hasomission of our The and sanction but he

". is ordained.. marriage of God relationship is greatof failure that the marriage the of in case onwarned

part of our posterity, if it can be ly enhanced and appreciated where unto man.

attributed to our failure in our duty the couple, before marriage—and "Wherefore, it is lawful that he

to them, then the sins will be upon they must, necessarily, be of the should have one wife, and they twain our heads. same faith—start with the same goal shall be one flesh, and all this that

Among the blessings of those who in mind. They must prepare and be the earth might answer the end of

attain the highest degree in the worthy to receive the sacred ordiits creation;

celestial kingdom is the blessing of nance in edifices where onlv the "And that it might be filled with eternal increase, which, among other worthy may enter. Here they receive the measure of man, according to his

things, means that even after death instruction, make covenants, and creation before the world was made."

men may continue to cooperate with then at the altar pledge eternal love (Ibid., 49:1517.)

Gulls, Soaring Symbols tection from this intelligent feathered the least offense at the smaller pilferers easily rid it could whichof the Sea fisherman.

of blow, or even by one When the water is low, herring itself ( Continued from page 587 gulls soar over the mud flats until swallow alive.

a clam is spotted. Dropping down Gulls are sociable in habit at all

they live mostly along the irrigation they grasp it in their feet and then times, and this is especially so at ditches. When the fields are irrigated look for a concrete highway or breeding time when they form

and the water rushes along, seeping bridge, or even a hardpacked seccolonies of many thousands. The

into the ground and driving mice tion of the sandy beach. Here, from colonies usually select a rocky isle

and insects from their burrows, the a height of forty or fifty feet they or deserted stretch of shoreline for gulls flock about and have a feast. let the clam fall. One ornithologist their nests, but some species in the

The gull is protected in Utah, as are watched a gull repeat this performwestern part of the United States use other beneficial birds, but the gull ance fourteen times before the shell the marshes of great inland lakes.

carries an additional honor upon its broke and allowed the persistent They return to the same breeding broad, white wings. It has long bird to enjoy the feast it so much grounds year after year, and, for a

been known as the state bird of craved. few months in the spring, the whole

Utah. Another favorite trick of both area is a dense mass of squalling

Other gulls show considerable inthe herring and laughing gull is babies and screaming parent gulls.

genuity in obtaining their daily robbing the poor pelican. Waiting All species are webfooted and

bread from the sea. The herring until the pelican dives and comes to swim readily; they show little skill

gull—most abundant gull along the the surface the gull alights upon its in diving, however, and the living

Atlantic coast—is extremely fond of head and snatches the small fish fish they prey upon are chiefly the

clams, and the molusks'armored from the pelicans enormous bill. kind which come near the surface

shell doesn't afford them much proThe pelican doesn't appear to take of the water, like the herring.

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

It is in the air that they display their real talents. Gulls are remarkably quick and clever in maneuvering, especially in the wind. Their

flight is extremely buoyant, and in gliding a gull constantly adjusts his wings to every gust. At one

moment it may be hanging in the air without effort over the stern of a moving ship or circling swiftly around her. Then it will observe

something of interest on the water and swooping swiftly down will suddenly stop at the desired point and settle gracefully on the surface.

The Kittiwake gull is the real mariner of all the gulls and is the one species that is most responsible for the birds'reputation of making long flights over water. This gull

does make ocean crossings regularly, in fact it lives at sea for months at a time. The Kittiwake prefers

drinking salt water to fresh, and it a <( 'peachy"family dessert..

is often seen sleeping peacefully, floating on the great waves, with its fresh peaches, cream and sugar!

its tuckedhead under wing—literally tantalizes Nothing like a weary appetite juicy, summer plump peaches Utah"rocked cradle of in the the deep."topped with sprinkled and cream pure, with sparklingwhite I Sugar. and Try U Gulls are integral part of an the serving peaches topped with cream sugar ii to family tonight, and your see and lines.world's fact, coast In canone don't agree. they

not conceive of sighting along a familiar breakwater without seeing UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY the graceful figure of a gull. General Offices: Salt Lake City, Utah

OF COURSE THERE'S A DIFFERENCE AT "LD

Lowest Tuition Rates Newest Classroom Building Marketing

Lambda Delta Chapter on Campus Accounting

Fulltime Job Placement Director Automatic Data

Latest Business Machines Processing

Finest Finishing School Secretarial

Best Location Science Largest Campus Career Culture Free Use of Deseret Gymnasium Center

Enforced LDS Standards

FALL REGISTRATION

New Students Aug. 13

Prior Students Sept. 20 BUSINESS COLLEGE

Classwork begins Sept. 24 A NON PROFIT IR. COLLEGE 41 1 K. SO. TEMPLE KM 3-276S

AUGUST 1962 599 Your Question Latterday Saint. The Lord has said: he might know of his impending

"And when they shall say unto you, doom; but this view does not seem

(Continued from page 567) seek unto them that have familiar to harmonize with the statements of spirits and unto wizards that peep the case, made in the scripture which with correct doctrine that a prophand that mutter, should not a people gives the particulars. If the Lord

etess or prophet of the Lord could seek unto their God for the living desired to impart this information to exercise the power to bring up or to hear from the dead? To the law Saul, why did he not respond when

bring down the spirits of prophets and to the testimony, if they speak Saul enquired of him through the and saints at will, to hold converse not according to this word it is belegitimate channels of divine comwith them on earthly affairs. That cause there is no light in them."munication? Saul had tried them all

is not one of the functions of a (Isaiah VIII: 1920; Book of Mormon and failed to obtain an answer. Why

prophet or a prophetess. The idea page 96: verses 1920). should the Lord ignore the means he

that such things can be done at the It has been suggested that in this himself established, and send Sambehest of men or women in the flesh, instance the Lord sent Samuel in the uel, a prophet, to reveal himself to ought not to be entertained by any spirit to communicate with Saul, that Saul through a forbidden source?

Why should he employ one who had a familiar spirit for this purpose, a positively he which had More power, medium law? by his condemned own

it is argued, "the prediction More safety, "But,"uttered by the spirit which was maniMore speed. fested on that occasion was literally

fulfilled. Israel into was delivered

Trail - Blazer is the Philistines, and Saul the hand of lowerslower geared his his sons three armor and and - faster higher and his staff of bearer were and the men than any trail bike! all slain. It was therefore a true

Exclusive Marco prophecy. "Admitting that as pertransmission with fectly correct, the position taken in

Klymomatic torque this article is not in the least weakconverter... takes ened. If the witches, wizards, necrohold as you throttle mancers and familiar spirits, placed

up; shifts gears under the ban of the law, did not

smoothly, automatsometimes foretell the truth there ically, in each would have been no need to warn speed range. the people against consulting them.

Super durable If the devil never told the truth he steel - tubing would not be able to deceive manhunters, fishermen, campers, surveyors, frames, phosphorkind by his falsehoods. The powers

of prevail darkness never would sidepan- rockhounds, ranchers... izedsteel

light. the use without of some A little els... bright red

or deep blue bakedtruth mixed with plausible error is

mankind astray. There is nothing, You'll get there on any enamel Large,finish.extraeffi- one of the means by which they lead

then, in the history of the interview cient brake drum between Saul and the woman of lin10-inch with which, rationally or docterrain with ings. Endor

trinally, establishes the opinion that

Super - grip tires she was a prophetess of the Lord or... heavycleated that Samuel actually appeared on

rear treads. that occasion.

There is no satisfactory evidence

Take a trial Trailthat the spirits of the departed comBlazer ride! Write municate with mortals through spirfor name of nearitual mediums or any of the means

commonly employed for that purJust select the speedrange to suit the terrain, est dealer and for pose. Evil spirits, no doubt, act as

and relax! Powerful ClimbingRange for mounfree literature. personate"familiars"theor asspirits"controls"of theanddeadeitheror

tain trails (or even rocky streambeds). Speedy WANT TO BE A reveal things supposed to be known

TRAILBLAZER only to them and their living friends,

CruisingRange for faster travel and gas ecomin order to lead away the credulous,

DEALER? but those who place themselves unomy on flatter terrain. Climbs grades up to 45 Some dealerships der the influence of those powers of

darkness have no means by which now available. with full load of 500 pounds. the of the they can compel presence for details. Write

spirits of the just or induce disTRAIL BLAZER CENTER 2319 south Main, salt Lake City

BLAZER SALES CORPORATION

600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the Glory of Discovery!T

closures from them to the living.

They are above and beyond the art of such individuals, and the mediums themselves are frequently the dupes of evil spirits and are thus "deceivers and being deceived."

"My house is a house of order, saith the Lord, and not a house of confusion."When God has anything to

reveal, it will come in the way, by the means and through the persons whom he has appointed. If the living

desire to hear from the dead they should seek to the Lord, and not to those who presume to rush in "where angels fear to tread."The earthly

sphere and the sphere of departed spirits are distinct from each other, and a veil is wisely drawn between them. As the living are not, in their

normal condition, able to see and converse with the dead, so, it is rational to believe, the inhabitants of Since the dawn of civilization, man has gloried in the discovery of Nature's the spiritual domain are, in their secrets. In modern times, Salt Lake School of Electronics is proud of its

normal condition, shut out from role in the education of Electronic Engineering Technicians who will help intercourse with men in the flesh. America discover the secrets of space and defend the free world. Actively

By permission of the Lord, persons interested in the welfare of young men and women, SLSE helps find emon either side of the veil may be ployment and housing (LDS if preferred) for students while they train.

manifest to those on the other, but Electronics refresher courses are offered free to graduates whose profesthis will certainly be by law and sional career is interrupted by a call to the mission field or armed forces.

according to the order which God has established. By observing that

Salt School of Lake Electronics ELECTRONICS FILM AND association refraining fromlaw and 1931 11th South East influences persons that DEMONSTRATION andwith FREE Salt City Lake 5, Utah know not God and obey not his gosTO LDS WARDS Gentemen: Pleaes send, without obligation:

pel, the Latterday Saints will save As part of its external education proInformation on Electronics Engineering subtle deception fromthemselves is training. Technician My age offers SLSE wards LDS a free

will sorrow, and beand much Information on your free electronics more gram,electronics demonstration, including the film. demonstration inspiraand to Bishop the light ofsusceptible and I am

film, showing of a "The Space and Age that in proceedtion Ward and revelations You."talk film The and illustrate the

Father! Eternal Stake. thefrom vast opportunities in and for men women Name

field the of electronics, point and out the

Address Moves Church OnThe of advantages electronics an career. Ideal

City Zone.... State page 563) for (Continued firesides from similar and meetings.

The morning session of the June conference was addressed by members of the SALT LAKE SCHOOL OF ELECTRONICS

First Presidency, and by Elder Boyd A Division of World Electronics Technology Corporation

K. Packer, Assistant to the Twelve.

"Sharing the Gospel through 1931 South 1100 East, Salt Lake City 5, Utah—HUnter 5-5770

MIA,"was the theme of the closing session.

These Times 11 it ( Continued from page 561 BURNED OUT

To be, or not to be. That is one REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

question, true, Mr. Hamlet. But in

these times the additional question is A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, in order to be one's self, to develop with tremendous added expense before you find in God's image, one must set for another.

himself some difficult intellectual Let us explain your need for ample insurance and spiritual tasks. Otherwise he to cover today's higher values.

can be conditioned as a pawnlike robot in the latest phases of the international power struggle. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

AUGUST 1962 601 The Light from are many other facets of Schweitzer's While in Lambarene, I received that that are important, beloved dad was dybut word myLambarene philosophy ing. tears in his the eyes, teaching. this is his basic With He pleaded

(Continued from page 578) with the Schweitzer scholars who eightysix-yearold doctor embraced were in the safari to simplify his me, and, even though we couldn't hospital would only frighten the nateachings, to make them underconverse, the strength of his genuine tives and, for that reason, he standable for the "lady who works in empathy reached the depths of my attempts to duplicate their own the laundry."This was one of the sorrowing soul. I asked him, "Docliving conditions. There are no purposes of the philosophers who tor, if a man is born with the will

plumbers or electricians to make rejourneyed to Lambarene—clarificato live, isn't it conceivable that he

pairs. A hospital dependent on such tion and the composing of a digest dies with the will to live some more?"

modernity would suffer greatly in for simplicity. His unmistakable answer."was, "Ja,

case they failed. I had a personal purpose in my das ist Habe ( hope )

When an African is sick, he moves visit. In addition to filming and A memorable experience was New

to the hospital and "Le Grande recording the great man, I was eager Year's Eve at Lambarene. We were

Docteur"lock, stock, and entire famto talk to him. One evening about invited to return at 11:30 pm to have

ily. It is not unusual to see a sick- 9 pm—I thought surely too late to be cookies and punch and to see in the

bed with several sleeping beneath given much time—he called me to his New Year. At midnight, the doctor,

the bed as well as another in the meager officebedroom. his staff, and the visiting philosobed beside the afflicted one. An His room, about fifteen feet long phers sat in silence as a large bell

American doctor told me that the and ten feet wide, allowed only chimed in the New Year for about conditions under which they perspace enough for a path to his desk. five minutes. As I saw the man who

form operations would be taboo in His old, high, iron bed, covered with has heard eightysix such bells, I had the United States. A room with patched mosquito netting, lined one the feeling that a New Year wasn't

screens on two sides is adjacent to side of the room. His desk was born but that an old one was to be

a path on which man and animal cluttered with letters from many prolonged at his request.

are usually wandering. It was mighty men of the earth, as well as It was my early observation that

pointed out to me that, under normal manuscripts and papers incidental people read into Schweitzer what circumstances, this would invite into running a busy 300 bed jungle they want to read into him. After

evitable infection. One of the pehospital. The walls were equally two weeks in his company, I believe

culiarities of the African is that he cluttered with manuscripts puncthis more firmly than ever.

is seemingly immune from many tured with nails protruding uncerePeople who doubt the existence such infections. Major surgery, witmoniously from the walls. Adorning of a Divine Being as the Creator of

nessed by this visiting American docthe wall, I noticed such mementos earth read Schweitzer's confirmation tor, three days later was devoid of as the Nobel Peace Prize and other of that belief. Others, who believe

infection despite the unusual operworld-renowned recognitions for in a personal God, see Schweitzer ating room circumstances. achievement. asking grace by thanking God for

I asked Dr. Schweitzer what had Our conversation lasted well over the food and for his friendship; in

been his most difficult decision. His an hour. On one occasion I rose to witnessing this, they assume he

answer was, "They have come so leave. The doctor, with his usual shares their belief. They hear him

thick and fast in my life, I could glint, had me sit down. I said, "Dr. read scriptures nightly and explain

hardly place one above the other."Schweitzer, you have put in many those scriptures. Schweitzer actually

In visiting with Le Grande Dochours. My conscience bothers me believes only that which he has

teur, he told me the unforgettable for tiring you."He answered, experienced. It is his belief that

story of his basic philosophy and "Young man, if I'm not tired, why this world is filled with those eager how he achieved it. While en should you be?"(Dr. Schweitzer's to live, and that it behooves each of

route to a sick patient many miles day begins at dawn.) us to improve the world around us

up the muddy waters of the Ogowe Among other things, I told Dr. in giving understanding to each

River, he noticed a group of hippoSchweitzer that I was a Mormon other. His great hope for the world

potami splashing in the waters and would love to give him a book is that we be more ethical and around him. After many hours of of scripture that would confirm thoughtful toward each other.

writing phrases—noting ideas of many biblical stories, a book that He takes great delight in giving

various kinds—it came to him, the gives additional evidence of God's evidence of unusual experiences with

three words that have since guided eternal plan. In thanking me, he animals which have demonstrated

his every action. Those words are told me he had heard of the Morthat occasionally even they show

"Reverence for Life."This briefly mons but not of the book. To my reverence for life, with ethics and

summarizes his belief that all lifesurprise, he knew only of the Book thoughtfulness toward each other;

plant or animal—is born with the of Commandments. Then I rememfor example, the goose shot in a

"will to live,"and that it is imperabered that he has been in this Scottish lake while en route south, tive we aid each other in achieving jungle for fortyeight years. and the flock refused to fly until the

that will. He philosophizes that, if I had purchased the Book of wounded goose was recuperated

killing should be necessary for food Mormon from President Edward B. sufficiently to join them.

or for the killing of bacteria, our Brossard in Paris as I had learned As a result of his philosophy in conscience should be such that we Dr. Schweitzer read French best, action, Lambarene is rampant with

will attempt to make atonement to although he uses both French and animals. It is not unusual to see a

other living things around us. There German. pelican roosting on a goat's back,

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

twitching its ears, with no reaction from the goat. You never quite get

used to seeing a terrier and a monkey wrestle on an afternoon and

Parsifal, the pelican, biting a monkey's nose. It was startling to

witness a large turkey literally ruling the roost of the barnyard. Cats,

antelope, pigs, goats, chickens, ducks—all have freedom of action.

The great doctor—with his degree

in music, renowned as the world's leading authority on Bach, organ builder, his degree in medicineconsiders by far his philosophical thoughts the most important contribution of all. I felt that his medicine is only a matter of his trying to

prove his philosophy—a living example of reverence for life in action.

His music is limited pretty much to the unforgettable accompaniment he gives nightly on an old Theis piano, which gives every appearance of being as old as he is. The true

tone has long since gone, but regardless his skilled, gnarled old hands title on the door... rates a Bigelow on the floorinterpret his favorite religious com- A

posers, frequently bringing tears to P.S. Moving up in business... or just moving in? You'll always get that

the eyes of those who witness this "sitting on top of the world"feeling when you have lush, plush Bigelows for scene for the first time. I know—I was comfort and company. Special designs, colors and textures available. Call any

one of them. The candles supported Bigelow district office or our Contract Dept., 140 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.

by ormolu holders and covered by a People who know... buy BIGELOW.

green paper lamp shade, reflects down on this amazing man as he loses himself in music for a few moments each night.

refreshing it is in this day How For the Missionary..

of confusion of and tension, much which is germinated in the longsleeping giant of Africa, to find also originating on the shores of the choice of

River a hospital of fortyOgowe Distinctive to programs the make buildings, six housing hundred peofarewell complete. The

ple, of lepers. are some This whom missionary's photograph

is island sanity, of an devoid in folded of included modernity.

A light, shining in a window, has program.

already and, I believe, will continue for 500to illuminate men's minds for genera- $18.00

85c per 100 andtions lamp that burns to come. The

lest or than 500 is lighted the for moreat Lambarene by plus pottage philosophy of a wonderful old jungle doctor, looking like everybody's grandfather, who spends his few The West's Finest idle hours worrying about you and Printers and Binders me—concerned with the scientific

Frankenstein that could one day result in the death of the planet. Deseret

To live in the presence of great truths and eternal laws, to be led bypermanent ideals, that is what keeps News a man patient when the world ignores him, and calm and unspoiled him.when the world praises 33 RICHARDS ST. Press de Balzac—Honore EM 4-2581

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

AUGUST 1962 603

1. It material together. to bring the needsTHE FACTFINDING AND

it. 2. It to evaluate needs

REPORTING COMMITTEE In each meeting of the presidency, consideration is given to individual quorum members. An efficient

The program of the Melchizedek Priesthood quorum factfinding committee can be invaluable in assisting is planned to bring about the activity and fraternity them in this work. Having done its work well, its

of its members. Activity is an important factor, and

chairman, a counselor in the presidency, has before one which is most easily measured; but fraternity, him a card or record which gives all this information.

with the love and loyalty it engenders, is of utmost A question arises:

importance also. To date our chief interest has been Is John Doe becoming more active?

the activity factor. We need to give consideration If not, how much opportunity has he had to be

to both. active, and If the quorum has the true spirit of fraternity, there If not responsive, what types of invitations has is an inner satisfaction in its activities which gives he had?

real joy to the work. Without it, a member may Can information be gathered as to the kind of

take part out of sheer loyalty, but he will be neither activities he enjoys?

fed nor satisfied.

Through the personal welfare and church service Another question arises committees and their programs, both activity and Is the true fraternal hand being extended?

fraternity are brought into play in the quorum. Is he being visited by other quorum members?

Through the activity of the factfinding and reporting Is he in a quorum social group?

committee these objectives are kept in balance. Has his family visited socially at the homes of

Some Observations other members?

The presidency must know the following about Still another question arises:

each member if it is to function wisely: Is activity in the quorum program having an effect

1. The number of times in a year a member is inon his spirituality?

vited to perform a service or to fill an assignment. Is Sacrament meeting attendance increasing?

2. The number of times he accepts the invitation Is family prayer held regularly?

to serve. Has he become a tithepayer?

3. His attendance at weekly group or quorum Is he improving in observance of the Word of

meetings. Wisdom?

4. His attendance at the monthly business meeting. The keeping of such factual information on the

5. His attendance with his family at Sacrament members, it can be readily seen, is essential. But the

meetings. chairman cannot do it all. The quorum secretary is

not expected to do it. It must be done by a committee

And in addition: of several men who gather the information, then comThe confidential information revealed by the annual pile and evaluate it.

confidential visits to each member by the quorum presidency.

6. His record as a tithepayer, whether full or not. KEEPING THE RECORD

7. His record as a keeper of the Word of Wisdom.

8. His record as holder of family prayer. The quorum activity card (illustrated on the MelAll of this seems to be much to ask for as one man's chizedek Priesthood Page in the January Era) will

record. Yet all of this information is now being contain much of this information.

collected by one group or another. All it needs is The committee may want to create other record

to be compiled in order to be informative. devices such as:

The factfinding and reporting committee has two 1. A running account of assignments made and

primary functions in this field. filled.

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MELCHIZEDEK

PRIESTHOOD 2. An'M>account of the number of different men makmonths, or a year, before accepting another assigning calls on a member. ment. If one thus becomes "inactive,"the chances

3. An account of the social fraternizing done with that he will remain so are increased. It is a mistake

the member and his response. for a man to seek rest from the work of the Lord.

4. A record of his activity in the ward or stake. The living enthusiasm for the work of the Lord is

Additional information may also be helpful. Quowhetted on the hone of service.

rum members holding ward and stake positions should The factfinding committee, by the use of wellkept not be overlooked or neglected by the presidency. records, will be alert to the need of each member.

When they are released from their positions, the It will be able to predict the spiritual pulse of any presidency should know about it immediately, for one member at any time. This is a primary function

this may be a time of minor crisis. In a sense a man of the committee.

may be considered inactive between the time the Perhaps the committee will discover that the activity bishop or stake president releases him from a position card is not large enough to keep all of the data. An

and the time he is reappointed or his quorum gives 8V2 x 11 inch sheet, ruled up and run through the him an assignment. Any period of inactivity may ward ditto machine will help. It could be punched

be accompanied by a drop in spiritual strength. Men and kept in a looseleaf binder as a work sheet. It

sometimes say that they would like to rest for a few could look like this:

NAME JOHN DOE RECORD FOR 1961

1. No. times invited to serve and no. of times serving (He served 4 out of 19 invitations.

2. Weekly attendance (He came 15 times.}

3. Business meeting attendance( He attended 3 business meetings.)

4. Tithing Part

5. Word of Wisdom OK

6. Family Prayer Spotty

7. Sacrament Meeting (17 times - 4 more other wards)

8. Visits made to htm by other quorum

members, including Presidency None 9. Is he in a social group? look part in baseball

10. Has he eaten meals at other members'homes? Yes, President Doe had him once

11. Does he do genealogical research?—No

12. Has he been to the temple this year?-—No

SUGGESTIONS FOR NEXT YEAR:

* Likes mechanical things—put him to work

on Sister Jones'house (an aged widow) * More meals with others * Try horseshoe tournament * Have entire quorum attend meeting. Get him there.

This example is meant only as a sample. With free

agency and thinking about it, a sheet can be made which will show the picture of the man. Then, with

inspiration, what to do to inspire his loyal activity or to build his fraternal spirit should be apparent.

AUGUST 1962 605 HE D KESIDINC BIS HOPKICS D AGE BOYS, DO YOU KNOW HOW TO PRAY? watersmoke. as Itthewasoilhardburned,to breathe,filling theand airas withthe flamesblack

There was no warning—just a sickening sound of metal swept toward Tom, he closed his eyes and prayed,

crushing against metal followed by small explosions then opened his eyes to see that the fire had passed from the stern of the ship. Cold chills penetrated by without harming him. During the next three

each man aboard as the voice over the loudspeaker and onehalf hours, he closed his eyes time and time gave the command to abandon ship. The night was again, praying for protection from the fire.

dark and foggy as Tom started his climb down the Prayer had always been an important practice back side of the vessel. Suddenly he felt the snap of home. He was grateful for his parents and the

the cable as the steel ladder broke, striking him Aaronic Priesthood advisers who taught him how to on the head and sending his unconscious body into pray. Never before in his life had praying been so

important. Later, as he lay on a stretcher in the

the black water below.

rescue ship, he knew within his heart that he had been Upon regaining consciousness, Tom found himself spared by the power of prayer.

Every young man holding the Aaronic Priesthood should likewise feel that the habit of prayer is a sign of strength and maturity. Then you, like Tom, will

have greater strength to meet the experiences of life as you learn the proper words of prayer. The experience of pouring out our inner self through prayer is

a process that develops character, soulgrowth, and manliness. Oh, how Satan would want you to believe

that prayer is not necessary or is a "sissy"act!

Just contemplate for a minute the great blessings that have come into the world as a result of prayer.

It was in answer to prayer that God the Father and his son Jesus Christ appeared to the Prophet Joseph

Smith. Joseph wanted to know which of all the

churches was correct and which one he should join.

In answer to his supplication, he received divine vision lying on the life raft where other men had pulled and revelation.

him from the water. Seeing other injured men, he It was in answer to prayer that Moroni, a resurslipped over the side of the raft into the water to make rected being, appeared to Joseph and instructed him

room. He learned from the shouts and screams that regarding the Book of Mormon.

filled the air that his craft had collided with an oil It was in answer to prayer that the Aaronic Priesttanker, and now he could see that his ship was sinking hood was restored. Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery

slowly into the depths of the Pacific. had been translating the Book of Mormon. As they

Oil coated the water, and fire raged all around. The came across passages about baptism, they retired to

ocean breeze kept the fire moving quickly over the the bank of the Susquehanna River and knelt in prayer

606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

to inquire of the Lord concerning this matter. In purpose, and redeemed the land by the shedding

answer to their prayer, John the Baptist appeared and of blood."(D&C 101:80.)

laid his hands upon their heads and conferred upon You will remember that the Constitutional Conventhem the Aaronic Priesthood. He then commanded tion, struggling and working strenuously for five weeks

tjiem to baptize each other. with its problems, made very little progress. It was

It was in answer to prayer that the Savior appeared the last day of the fifth week that Benjamin Franklin to the brother of Jared and touched the stones, causarose and addressed the convention: "I therefore beg

ing them to give light for their long voyage to the new leave to move: That hereafter prayer, imploring

world. (See Ether, 3.) the assistance of Heaven and its blessings on our

It was an answer to prayer that subdued the condeliberations, be held in this assembly every morning tention and furthered the formation of the Constitubefore we proceed to business, and that one or more tion of the United States: "And for this purpose have of the clergy of this city be requested to officiate in

I established the Constitution of this land, by the that service."With the help of prayer, progress came

hands of wise men whom I raised up unto this very rapidly, and the great ( Continued on page 611

FAULTFINDING WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT FOR SEPTEMBER

"Cursed are all those that shall lift up the heel Church, saying that they are out of the way, against mine anointed, saith the Lord, and cry while he himself is righteous, then most assuredly, they have sinned when they have not sinned before that man is in the high road to apostasy; and if

me, saith the Lord, but have done that which was he does not repent, will apostatize, as God lives."

meet in mine eyes, and which I commanded them. (Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 156.)

"But those who cry transgression do it because Does a person have the right to speak against they are the servants of sin, and are the children another simply because what he does or says does of disobedience themselves."(D&C 121:1617.) not coincide with what another would do or say

This thought was given by Joseph Smith the in the same situation? God has endowed each

Prophet while he ivas confined in Liberty Jail person with different dispositions, temperaments, at a time when the Saints were sorely persecuted. and spirit; and everyone develops various attiIt applies to the mobs and persecutors of the early tudes, ideas, and attributes. When one person

Church members and may well apply to those in follows a certain procedure which differs from this day ivho criticize and find fault with the that followed by someone else to accomplish the leaders and authorities of the Church. The Lord same task, it does not necessarily imply that one

chooses the officers and leaders of the Church, is wrong. Each person thinks differently and will

and they are asked to serve by those with authoract differently, but both may arrive at solutions ity to act in his name. which are equally effective and desirable.

Lucifer was a faultfinder. He criticized God's It is a simple matter to find fault. It requires

plan of life and salvation and brought discord no talent, no selfdenial, no genius, and no charand dissonance to the realms of heaven. Because acter. It is more difficult to overlook annoying

of apparent selfish desires, he sowed the seeds of habits and characteristics and find the admirable discontent and dissatisfaction, and with cunning qualities which people possess. Those who have

deceit and vicious lies, he led a third of the spirit a genuine desire to do good have little time for children of God into outer darkness from which complaining and finding fault. Brigham Young

there is no return. Since that time, these angels said, "Every man in this Kingdom or upon the

of darkness have persuaded and tempted the peoface of the earth, who is seeking with all his ple on earth to follow after them—to find fault, heart to save himself, has as much to do as he

to criticize, to ridicule. They know that among can conveniently attend to, without calling in

the first steps to apostasy is finding fault with question that which does not belong to him. If he

God, with his servants, with his Saints, and ivith succeeds in saving himself, it has well occupied his gospel. Joseph Smith once said, "I will give his time and attention. It is as much as anyone

you one of the Keys of the mysteries of the Kingcan well do to take care of himself by performing dom. It is an eternal principle, that has existed every duty that pertains to his temporal and

with God from all eternity: That man who rises eternal welfare."(Discourses of Brigham Young,

up to condemn others, finding faults with the p. 83.)

AUGUST 1962 607 TODAY'S FAMILY. FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

you are t.you @at9

Never before in all time have so many of the integrity and purity of the nation's people been taken in by food quacks. food supply. Who is to profit by all

Millions upon millions of dollars a year this? Only the unscrupulous promoter.

are being spent by people on extracts, He converts his unscientific, unproven concentrates, socalled health foods, statements in book form into money;

machines to grind, to squeeze, to his special socalled health foods into blend, and books of utter nonsense hard cash; his gadgets into dollars.

selling ideas with absolutely no scienLearn all you can about nutrition from tific proven basis. It seems that the scientific sources. As Ruth M. Leverhuman race is grasping at anything or ton says, "Everything in your body was

anyone who will promise a quick cure of once in your food. The wise eater is

illness or a quick weight loss. It is always aware of what the food he

grasping for a magic formula as a cureall eats will do for and to him, his figure, for all ailments. his energy, his resistance to illness,

True, it is important that everyone even to his mental outlook."

be concerned about health—how to obtain Even an uninformed person cannot

and maintain it. Correct scientific knowlgo too far wrong if he uses the "basic

edge is important. Don't believe everyfour"as a daily food guide. The sothing you read. As you read a book on called "basic four"are four broad groups

health and nutrition ask yourself three of foods to use as a guide in making out questions. First, what qualification has your daily menus. It gives a real

the author? Is he or she an acknowlchoice while assuring us of a baledged authority on nutrition with | anced diet. The "basic four"conaccredited schools backing the written sists of a bread and cereal group,

material? Second, does the informa- m a meat group, a milk group, and a

tion come from adequate research m jm vegetablefruit group. In the

or is it just one person's opinion? * W M4 bread and cereal group we include Third, is the author selling something / MW all breads and cereals that are whole

let these"the besides truth? Don't -*JP labelsgrain toorbeenrichedsure of whator restored.you are eating.Check confidence charlatans your undermine

in the nutritional value of our food! Don't It is suggested that a person have four

let them raise serious doubts in your minds servings daily of bread, crackers, flour, cooked and ready to eat cereal, macaroni, rice, etc. To fill our As a layman, if you would like to become wellrequirements we need two or more servings a day informed on good nutrition read the following excelof food in the meat group. This group includes beef, lent books.

veal, lamb, pork, liver, etc., poultry and eggs, fish, FOOD BECOMES YOU by Ruth M. Leverton,

dry beans, nuts, peanut butter. Ph.D., Dolphin Handbook, Doubleday and Co., New

An adult needs two or more cups of milk daily York, N.Y., 1961, pp. 160paperback 95 cents.

while a teen or a child should consume four or more This is an exceptionally good book for the layman to cups. In this milk group we also include cottage read to become informed on good scientific nutrition.

cheese, cream, and cheddar type cheese, and ice It is written by a wellqualified person. Ruth M.

cream. One inch cube of cheddar type cheese equals Leverton is associate director of the Institute of Home

% cup of milk; Vz cup of cottage cheese contains % cup Economics in the Agriculture Research Service of the

milk; and Vz cup ice cream, Va cup of milk. The vegeUS Department of Agriculture. She holds a doctorate

tablefruit group includes all fruits and vegetables. in nutrition from the University of California. She

Choose four or more servings every day. These should has been a Fulbright Professor of Nutrition and has a

include: 1 serving of a good source of vitamin C such wonderfully capable background. The author explains

as orange, grapefruit, tomato juice, cranberry juice; that everything in your body was once in your food

one serving of a dark green or deep yellow vegetable and sets down in plain language just about everyfor the vitamin A content. You see your leeway is thing one should know about the nutritive effects

great. Use the "basic four"as a guide, and variety of food and good health throughout life. "Whether

as a good rule, and good quality as a must in foods. you are a nursing mother or a teenage football player,

One excellent eating habit is to start the day with a grandmother in your sixties or a middleaged truck a good breakfast; this is a research fact. Include a driver all the information you require on diet is right

cereal or toast, egg or bacon, fruit and milk, and there in this book."Also in this little book you will find

you have all of the "basic four"represented. At lunch diets to gain as well as to lose weight and how to

have milk, meat or fish sandwich, salad or friut, and get the most food for your money.

again you have included each one of the "basic four."This book is highly recommended for the student

Meat, two vegetables, hot biscuits, butter, milk desas well as the lay reader. P-TA members, women's

sert, and the "basic four"shine again. It isn't difficlubs, book groups, and others who have heard of or

cult to eat right; it need not be expensive if good read the sensational but unsound airthors on this subplanning goes into the preparation. Every day check ject will find this book fascinating reading and comyour intake for the basic groups, and soon it will be pletely sound scientifically.

second nature to eat nutritionally sound meals. FOOD WITHOUT (Continued on page 610)

AUGUST 1962 609

ing—better too little, and pass more, or cut wedges of pineapple or halve

than to drown the ingredients and grapes with scissors and remove the lose the subtle blending of flavors. seeds.

Anytime of the year a splash of color A half avocado filled with a shrimp is available for a salad plate. On or crab salad placed on a piece of

a dreary gray day create a sunny endive and a tangy spear of pinefruit salad plate. Mandarin oranges, apple at the side just needs hot rolls

avocado, bananas, and pineapple and a cool drink to bring corripliwill help do the trick. ments to a luncheon hostess.

Don't let the salad ingredients look Salads may even be served for breakhandled. Keep trimmings and garfast. Try filling an orange basket

nishes simple. with a variety of chilled fruits—such

Don't disguise your salads to look as bananas, berries, grapefruit seclike anything but food. tions, and cherries.

Nestle salad bowls in finely cracked Try dipping slightly damp parsley in ice. paprika as a glamorous garnish. Tips

SUMMER SALADS Choose just the right dressing to set of lettuce may be treated this way off your salad. also for added color in the salad.

The riddle, black and white and Select the perfect accompaniment—You Are What You Eat

all is over, to allread a familiar one crackers, nutty crunchy breads, {Continued from page 609)of us, riddle, but you do know the chunks, soups, cheese piping hot what is colorful, cool, crisp, and decrisp potato chips, crusty rolls. FADS by E. W. McHenry, Ph.D.,

licious taste? to Co., the York, B. Lippincott give Let New me in the selection and ar- L. Be dramatic

It $3.50. a hint. a meal, begin canyou 1960, be salad of ingredients rangement

part, or of dinner a Dr.its main end with the head McHenry is

a flourish. Yes, a salad is the anUse a variety of greens to set off your Department of Nutrition at the Uniswer. A salad is a perfect answer to salad picture. Don't limit yourself versity of Toronto.

the question, "What can we eat?"to head lettuce. Dr. McHenry discusses each of

What is more delectable, delicious, Try adding Mandarin orange secthe basic foods and tells how they and delightful on a hot summer day? tions and seedless grapes to a large relate to good health. Here a leadEven a jaded appetite can be chef's salad bowl. ing authority on nutrition takes a

tempted with a luscious salad. What Avocado slices and pomegranate scientific common sense approach to

goes into a salad? Almost anything seeds pep up in flavor as well as in the whole question of nutrition and

edible. Use that creative flare of appearance a salad of mixed greens. health. "It pays to eat wisely,"says

yours to concoct a new, nourishing, Have you tried serving, chilled from the author, "and not waste money on handsome salad. When you serve a the refrigerator, jellied consomme in pills."

salad, you serve the product of sunthe center of a honeydew cup? Don't Dr. McHenry debunks diets as riot

shine and rain. A salad is a living forget the lime wedges. only being useless, but they may also

thing. You capture the goodness of be dangerous as well when followed Strawberries with their stems left on

create masterpiece. anature for and long time. a A a appetizer—serve a wonderful make issalad salad a a is a work poem; food management FAMILY FARE fruit dressing dip along with salad

art.of salad a recipes. master prepared Become and A bulletin them.maker. by the Human Nutrition Research

Division and Consumer and Food

SOME SALAD SUGGESTIONS Cranberry Fruit Salad Dressing Economics Research Division of the

V2 cup sugar Agricultural Research Service. AdUse fresh, crisp ingredients. x/4 cup water dress orders to the Superintendent

Chill everything including the servVz cup light corn syrup of Documents, U.S. Government

ice plates and bowl. 1 stiff beaten egg white Printing Office, Washington 25, D.C.

Cut fruit into large chunks—be gendash of salt—Price 35 cents. This bulletin is all

erous when you slice salad inV4 cup welldrained cranberry jam about food. It will help you to

gredients. 2 teaspoons grated orange rind serve enjoyable meals, to keep your

to practise wellnourished, family drops of vanilla well. few fruits theDrain and vegetables to thrift save time and need be when 2 tablespoons mayonnaise juices dilute the finished(Their

It can. is a where you and energy

flavor. Boil together the syrup, sugar, comprehensive 96 page pamphlet.

Try serving a luncheon of a number and water. Cook to the firm ball Among many other subjects it delves

of salads. stage. Pour the hot syrup gradualinto, nutritionup-todate—up to you,

In every salad blend a rainbow of ly over the stiffly beaten egg white. body needs A to Z, controlling

colors—as a starter how about ripe Beat. Add salt and vanilla and cool. weight, quantities of food needed

purple plums, golden pineapple Fold in the cranberry jam, mayoneach week for good nutrition for rings, red raspberries, sunny apricots, naise, and grated orange rind. Serve each age group, smart buying, wise

creamy bananas, snowy coconut as a dressing on a fruit plate. storing, and recipes. It is a little

flakes, and clear green water cress? Scissors come in handy when making booklet any family can use and

Never smother the salad with dresssalads. Snip parsley, chives, mint, benefit by.

610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3k3

Do You Know How to Pray?

(Continued from page 607) For a gala evening

document known as the Constitution... enjoy sparkling music...

formulated.was

... gracious service other significant events can fine food Many

be cited to demonstrate Tenny-... in the beautiful

son's statement: "More things are

wrought by prayer than this world of."dreams Consider the fact that Jesus Christ HOTEL UTAH * was the Son of God. His convictions

were strong and decisive; he spoke as

"one having authority."And yet, he Dinner and dancing

did not consider himself selfsuffi- nightly except Sundaycient. He spent many hours in ROOM

prayer, seeking the will of the Complete dinners from '3 00 * Supper selections from $ 1 7S

Father. He knew that the strength

given from heaven is power, wisdom, FREE PARKING at Hotel Utah Garage and stamina beyond the natural for Sky Room Dinner Guests strength and understanding of man.

Great men know that the source of their greatness must come from our Father in heaven. The things

that man needs are strength, wisdom, courage, love, stamina, understandBilly-Kiding; and he should seek these attributes through prayer. Solomon

prayed that he would have an underYou'll be proud of your boy in Billy the Kid standing heart to discern between good and evil. The Lord was Texans—America's most perfect fitting jeans

pleased that he asked for this thing... Designed to fit a boy by age and build

for riches or for for himself notand as if they were measuremade just for him...

life. to his prayer,a long In answer

the Lord gave Solomon great wistailored of 100% premium cotton denim that's dom: "And I have also given thee Stabilized to withstand the toughest wear.

that which thou hast not asked, both riches, and honour: so that there The bonded SAF-T-NEE insures double life, and

shall not be any among the kings Billy the Kid jeans are VatDyed and Sanalllike thee days. unto thy

if wilt thou walk "And in my ways, forized. Sizes 4 to 12 2.98

to keep my statutes and my comAvailable at department stores and boys'shops mandments, as thy father David did throughout the Rocky Mountain region and at walk, then I will lengthen thy days."

(1 Kings 3:1314)

As we view with awe the scientific achievements of man during recent years and even recent months, can there be any room for doubting or wondering if the Lord can hear in Salt Lake City our secret prayers? Do you ever

wonder about man's discovery which has become a common practice to transmit pictures thousands of miles air? thethrough Are amazed you IT'S A

just the turning knob onthat by set, televisionyour you can view an WESTERN just miles of thousandsopera away as if you were sitting in the audiTRADITION!

ence? With another turn of the

same knob, you are seated on the fiftyyard line watching an exciting football game being played many miles in another direction. The

transmission of sound is an everyAMERICA'S FINEST JEANS mSINCE 1850

AUGUST 1962 611 day practice—even a mere whisper prayers to "our Father in heaven."mediator between God and men, the

can be amplified beyond the sound It is paramount for us to underman Christ Jesus;"(1 Timothy 2:5.)

of the trumpet blast. stand to whom we are praying. The And further we are instructed, "...

Because of these wonderful innext step would be that of expressing all things must be done in the name ventions, man can communicate thankfulness: "... ye must give of Christ,..."(D&C 46:31.)

across the continent and across the thanks unto God in the Spirit for To summarize the elements of world without wires or other manwhatsoever blessing ye are blessed prayer we would say:

made connecting mediums. Today with."(D&C 46:32.) And also, 1. Address "our Father in heaven."

we can even communicate with the "Thou shalt thank the Lord thy God 2. Express appreciation.

astronaut who is thrust by rocket in all things."(Ibid., 59:7.) 3. Ask forgiveness.

propulsion into outer space. Yet, We must also seek for forgiveness 4. Pray for others.

with all these accomplishments, man of our transgressions—no human is 5. Pray for our own requests.

has discovered just a small part of exempt from transgressing. "If we 6. Conclude in the name of Jesus

the vast power and knowledge that is say that we have no sin, we deceive Christ.

possessed by God. As we contemourselves, and the truth is not in us."We should learn and practise the

plate these miraculous inventions, (1 John 1:8.) The scriptures are words of prayer, never addressing

we begin to comprehend some replete with instructions pertaining our Father in heaven in the words degree of God's power, and it does to our obligation to forgive others of you and your, but in the proper not seem impossible but natural for and to "... Love your enemies...."words of prayer which are thee,

him to "... knoweth what things ye (Matthew 5:44.) This divine comthine, thou, and thy. When praying

have need of, before ye ask him."mand places upon us the responsibefore a group, you represent the

(Matthew 6: 8.) bility to pray for our fellow men, group and should not use "I"but

We should understand the basic church leaders, and particularly all "we ask thee."If we pray in humilcomponents of prayer, even as one those who are seeking righteousness ity and go forth day by day to live

of the disciples asked Jesus, "... and those who do not know the plan as we pray, great strength, courage,

Lord, teach us to pray, as John also of salvation. and testimony will become our postaught his disciples."(Luke 11:1.) The next part of our prayer would session. It is an elementary reThe example given by Jesus of how be that pertaining to ourselves: quirement to receive answers to our

to pray is significant in teaching us "... for your Father knoweth what prayers that we first pray and that

the essential elements of praying. things ye have need of, before ye we live in the same manner as we

This example, known as the Lord's ask him."(Ibid., 6:8.) It is his pray, and we must be humble and

Prayer, was never meant to become desire that we supplicate him in dependent upon the Lord.

trite, stereotyped, or hackneyed. prayer. "Be thou humble; and the Lord

We learn by this example of Jesus The ending of our prayer must be thy God shall lead thee by the hand, and from the instructions of the made in the name of Jesus Christ, and give thee answer to thy prayers."

scriptures that we should address our "For there is one God, and one (Ibid., 112:10.)

A Land Remembered (Continued from page 584)

tomorrow. Ralph says that you all whole valley will be a big green he left off. "Listen... hear that

are going back with him. He says oasis, producing great crops. You've wind? Come here to this window."

that's all you've been waiting for. heard your own pa talk about it."He got up from the chair and walked

Is jt?""That's just it, Sally. That's just to the window as he spoke. "Look

"Oh, I'll be mighty happy to see what I feel, Ma and Pa both gave at this silt! Only yesterday this winUncle Bert,"said Josh. their lives for this place. Ain't lives dow sill was clean, now it's covered.

"You know what I mean. Are you worth more than this? Look at this Tomorrow when you get up, the

going to sell the land? Are you gohouse, there isn't a room in it that wind will be blowing; and when

ing to leave for good?"you can't see daylight through the you go to bed, it will be blowing.

"I've got a buyer. Won't pay cracks. And there is that piece of It will blow the next day and the

much. I'll probably sell it though. baked clay that takes a man's labor next and the next and forever."He

I want to see some green country, and produces so little that it is imwas lost in the sound of his voice real green country."possible to live from it! Pa put his and words; he no longer weighed

"Do you know what you'd be heart into this land and got nothing, them or even considered them.

doing, Josh? Don't sell the land."exactly nothing. This whole coun- "Look at what this country has done

There was a disconcerting tone in try is a wilderness of nothingness."to your parents. Look at their

Sally's voice. "It's a heritage, some- "Josh! Your father wouldn't like faces, look at their tired, wornout

thing your pa and ma gave their to hear you talk this way. Your pa bodies. Just look! And think of

lives for. It may seem dry and and ma loved this country."what it will do for you, Sally. What

desolate now, but I've heard Pa Josh was not listening to Sally. will you be ten years from now? We

talking about how some day it will His thoughts were on his own argupray to God and worship him in the live. He says that in the future the ment. He continued on from where schoolhouse on Sunday, but where

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for all is he? He's gone; he left this place

long ago.""You asked what I will be in ten years, well I'm going to tell you something, Josh Sodderquist."She

emphatically tossed her head. "Ten

years from now I'll be a woman with children. A woman unafraid of this

land. Unafraid of what it might do

to me physically. In fact, I'll be

drawing courage and sustenance from this land. Josh, I love the

beauty of its bleakness, this what you..armchair

itself.call desolation. the I love land

it. I or active of tragic strengthThe When

pick up a handful of what you call baked clay, the warmth of it is like life in my hand. And I know that Deseret News sports writers

there's life in it, good abundant life. and cameramen give fans the

I love the wind, too. When it blows facts... fast and first

cold and fresh, I love to stand facing every day. Turn to the

it with the tears running down my finest sports pages in the face. It cleanses me as it bites and Mountain West in your

tears with its cold. After living Deseret News and Telegram

here, I think I would never be satisfied in a land with calmer elements.

It would be like slushing through acres of slush! There—I've said it.""Gosh, Sally, I never had any idea Bmieiet Mbw

that you felt this way. In fact, I

never knew you felt anyway other than having a good time."

"You really ought to be ashamed of how you talked."Some of the

heat was lost from her voice. "I

wouldn't tell you this if you weren't THE CENTER OF leaving. I always thought you were CONVENIENCE

of all the fellows, funthe most and best. the dancedyou And—and I L0Oe/f4fi**,>*,. 9* MOTELNEW AMERICA

think I'm going to miss you. Good 320 BEAUTIFUL ROOMS

night, Josh."She fled out the door.

Josh sat in the chair for better than an hour. Finally he lay down on

the bed, not bothering to take his clothes off or to blow out the lamp.

He lay staring at the knothole in the ceiling, and he listened to the wind.

Sometime in the night he slept, and while sleeping, dreamed. He

was lost in a heavy mist; and while

he groped about, heavier patches of fog swirled around him; and with

of consuming wavesthem came for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS IN USE WHEAT MILLdespondency. wetness damp The in simple treatment of Canker, Aids ONLY it difficult to breathe, andmade throat this sore minor mouth and other

lent of suffocationimpression a terand throat irritations. $695 to his efforts.rifying frenzy ran He

stumbling in one direction and then ANYWHEREPOSTPAID

IN THE straining to seestopped, and hear. HALLS REMEDY STATES City. Utah UNITED Salt Lake inStarting up, another he raced Cracksdirection only to stop short again. wheat, orcorngrindsand

all of hard kinds of eternity time he ran and anFor grains, soft or SAVE MONEY min. lbs. per ltyi ORDER Finallystopped, stopped. ran and SAFELY! VITAMINS MAIL BY ON GUARANTEEDtiring, halted panting stood and he booklet. Contains this for free valuable Send

in the thick fog, waiting for some "Do's"buying—plus—vitaminand "Don'ts"& mineralof discountguides—healthvitamin SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS

unknown, unseen terror. At this questions & answers—charts—much more information. No obligation. Send now. Learn before you buy. PEHRSON HARDWARE

ER DEPT. VITAMINS, OF HOUSE Calif. 2115 So. 1 lth East, Salt Lake City Park, Blvd., Huntington Pacific 6706

AUGUST 1962 613 moment the fog began to scatter. The muttered to himself, "Could these hesitated, then straightened up. He

sun's rays, sifting through the vapor, fields actually look like that?"Sudsaid, "Why not?"Then he undid the

doused the landscape in a brilliant, denly aware that he was thinking tug from the tree and walked around scarlet hue. He became aware that of the dream, he thrust it from his the horse. He led the surprised

he was standing in a field of grain conscious mind to the subconscious. June back to the barn, unharnessed

with other fields stretching out as Still deep in thought he bent and her, and turned her loose in the corfar as sight could penetrate. The picked up a handful of earth. It ral. He walked slowly to the house.

fields were filled with ripening did feel warm. He gripped it tight Once in the house indecision crept

wheat, corn, and vegetables. Surhalf expecting to feel movement of over him, and he sat down.

rounding the fields, fruit trees stoodlife, but there was nothing. Sometime later he heard a "Hello."

heavy sentinels bent with mature He stopped at noon. Unhooking With a start he went to the door and

fruit; and on their trunks and lower June from the singletree, he led her saw Lambert Rogers climbing off his

branches vines intertwined, bulging to the watering trough, then led horse. Lambert was bent and

with purple grapes. As his mind beher under the shade of a tree. In stooped—he had fought in the Civil

came saturated by the sight, his the house he made a meal of bread, War, and he carried a piece of metal despair dissipated as had the fog. cheese, and milk. Coming out of in his back—and his face carried

In its place a calm certitude rested. the house, he met Ralph, his excitedeep rivers of wrinkles etched by

And though he did not speak, he ment running over. the sun and the wind.

heard his own voice rumbling and "He's here. Uncle Bert's here! "I say, Josh,"Lambert said, "are

echoing over the fields to the distant He's going to take us back to Minyou busy?"

horizon. "He's here."nesota with him. Ain't ya glad? "No, not very. I was just sitting,

When he awoke, the kerosene in This's what ya wanted, ain't it?"doing some thinking."

the lamp had been consumed. Ralph had to stop for want of breath. "Well, I had a couple of reasons

Shortly after the room had become for riding over. First, I wanted to

light enough to distinguish objects tell you how sorry we are. You

clearly, Josh got up from the bed AN OBSERVATION know your pa was my best friend.

and changed to his work clothes. BY VILATE R. MCALLISTER Your pa and ma were lucky though.

His mind was filled with the events They had each other, and they had of his dream, and he was troubled. a good family. I don't feel sorry for

try not who does He for kids."only them, the and you to the went barn and milkedHe

reality to his desire To bend this, sir, I "Yes, Rogers."Mr. knowthe cows, Pet and Pippin. two He

Can know no sorrow. "Your Uncle Bert will be by inthen returned to the house. The

wind was blowing fresh out of the about an hour. If you're going,

southwest. Neither can he know the lofty you'll need to be ready. Josh, Sally

After eating a chunk of bread exultation tells me that you're figuring on sellheavily smeared with butter, he Of achievement! ing. If you really want to sell, and

strained the milk into flat pans and I'm dead set against it, I'll give you put them in the pantry. He took a good price for the land. Land unthe swill and went out, pausing "He says ya got to be ready to go der irrigation is worth twelve dollars

at the pig pen long enough to empty this evening. So you'll have to stop an acre now, and other land is going

the bucket in the trough. He passed cultivating. I might even get to be for two dollars an acre. I'll give you

through the barn and into the cor- a sea captain yet. Yippee!"kids $2,100 for the place, buildings

ral which held the horses. Here he "Slow down, boy. What's Uncle and all. You can tell me your decaught June, harnessed her, and Bert's hurry? Why has he got to cision when you pass the place on

hooked her to the cultivator. leave tonight?"the way to Silver Creek."Then

As Josh followed the horse up and "He says his business can't stand without waiting for an answer he down the rows, his mind went over him being gone too long, and if we swung into the saddle and turned his the conversation of the evening. He don't catch the train in Silver Creek pony's head.

began to remember just a little of on its return run, we'll have to wait The lower part of the sun was just what Sally had said about his pararound for another week. So hurry setting on the flat plain in the disents'love for the land. He admitted and get ready."tance when Uncle Bert, with Sally

to himself that this was true. He "What do you think I ought to do accompanying him, drove up in the

conjured up a picture of his pa and with the farm, Ralph? The animals Rogers'buggy. Uncle Bert wrapped

ma standing together with their feet can't take care of themselves,"Josh the reins around the brake handle covered with the dry, crumbling said. and jumped to the ground. Josh met

soil. He remembered what Sally "Sell it. Ole man Harrison will him at the bottom of the wooden

had said about the wind washing buy it."steps that led to the door.

over her and cleansing her in the As Josh led June out to the cultiAs Uncle Bert bearhugged Josh, process, and he thought that he had vator, it seemed that the sun had he said, "Josh, my boy, you're getting sometime felt a similar sensation. He focused all its fury in one single to be quite the man. How are you,

stopped June to give her an unpoint of brilliance which burned at anyhow? Those real muscles I felt?"

needed rest in the middle of a row. the base of his head. The wind blew There was true warmth in his welAs he looked out over the fields, he steadily across the field, its hot come. "Are you ready to go? We

realized that there was a disconempty movement void of sound in can talk as we ride."

certing similarity between them and the empty space. As Josh hooked Josh indicated a pitifully small

the fields of his dream. Musing, he the tug to the singletree, he paused, bundle lying on the top step. He

614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE said, "I don't know."He looked is. Feel it!"She laughed a smallquestioningly at Sally who climbed embarrassed laugh. IMPROVEMENT

out of the buggy. Josh kicked at a clod, started to

"I just thought I'd ride over to speak, and then stopped, then comERA keep your uncle company, Josh,"menced again, "I don't think you're

Sally said. stupid. I'm the stupid one. I've AN IDEAL GIFT FOR

"Uncle Bert, I can't go with you. been so steeped in my miseries, I

I can't explain why, but I just can't haven't seen too clearly. I thought Weddings, Birthdays, Servicego with you."all day about what you said. You men, Missionaries, Friends,

"What!... Are you sure? I probknow, about the strength of the land New Members

ably should try to persuade you to and about courage and beauty.

come along; but if you've really That's one of the reasons why I Lovely gift card sent

made up your mind, I guess I couldn't go with Uncle Bert."in your name

wouldn't want to change it. But are "But that's not the only reason?"Send only $3.00 for

you sure, absolutely sure?"Sally asked.

josh nodded his head in affir- "Nope, it isn't. All morning in the 12 big issues to

mation. "I'm sure. Ralph and Martha heat, it was like the land itself was

need to go, but I've got to stay. telling me to stay. I saw everything The Improvement

That's just the way it is, Uncle in a different light. It was as if I

Bert."were looking at the land through Pa's Era

"I'd like to visit with you, Josh. I eyes. Because of a weird dream, I 135 South State Street

thought we'd have the trip back. caught a glimpse of Pa's vision conWell, that train won't wait. Let's cerning the land, I think. It's hard Salt Lake City 11, Utah

go."He climbed back into the to put in words."

buggy arid then looked for Sally. "Go on, Josh, please. What did

"Aren't you looking for a ride home, your pa see?"

Sally?""Well, it could have been an image

"No, thanks,"Sally said. "I'll walk of the future, but I think it's more

over."of a feeling than anything. A peace-

"Well, so long, Josh. Write. If ful feeling that makes the Tightness

you need anything, don't hesitate, and purpose of things clearer. It

after all I am your father's brother. can come from anything—the growGet up!"He smacked the horses ing crops—those crumbled rocks

vigorously on the rump with the over there."He pointed off into the

reins. dusk. "Our neighbors, just anydust the followed thing. and Sally Josh That's why the land is not Bridal Gowns Suitable ofof the for sale."patch to where the buggy

kneehigh corn began. Here they "I'm happy you decided that way,"for Temple Marriages

turned off into a furrow and stopped. Sally said. "I even prayed that you

Sally said, "Isn't the evening wonwouldn't sell it. It just wouldn't

derful? When the heat goes out of be right."ridal

the wind, it's not so bad, almost It was dark. The wind had died

pleasant. Everything becomes kind down to a sleepy muffled whisperof peaceful. The rocks and land dormant but ready to spring back As

take on such a different look after to life, hot and furious. There was 38 South Main Salt Lake City

the sun is gone that I almost expect the rush of wings in the air as a dragons to come out of the shadows nighthawk sought in vain for its spouting fire. That's stupid, isn't evening meal. The lonely scratch

it?"of the crickets placed a background

Josh was looking at Sally with an to the rustle of the corn.

interest that he had not known beStaring out over the field into the fore. In fact he had not even night as if he could see what lay

suspected that such an interest in the darkness, Josh said, "Sally."

existed within him. Sally, after seeHis voice had a slight catch in it.

ing that something new in Josh's "I'm almost eighteen, and I've never eyes, scooped up a handful of soil had a girl before. Would you be

to prevent her blush from becoming my girl?"

too obvious. She clenched her hand "Uhhuh."Sally was smiling. She

into a fist and some of the dirt fell. pressed her hand more firmly on the

She held her clenched fingers out to dirt that lay between their palms. World's Finest B-B-Q Grill Cleaner

that grill? of dirty of tube new, Ashamed A it."said, his attention mechanically held "Feel Their open SheJosh who

it Grill faster will Speed Cleaner have Oven their her fist. blurry hands, under soughtpalm a Her hand as in a of blob of clean minutes. matter Just new

opened softly into his. The dirt still white in the night. brush it on... let it set... wash it off! That's

retained the heat of the day, and The dirt fell to the earth as their all you do. Oven Speed, finest B-B-Q cleaner

rest. the world, does the a For generousits felt Sally said, fingers intertwined good. and warmth

to: write Speed's magic, Josh said, samplein of Oven Fenco

life it."Sally. I feel in it, really there is "I feel it, there"Josh, California. Ojai, 685C, Corporation, Box P.O.

Or buy Oven Speed in its unbreakable, red and yellow tube. Just 98 cents at your favorite market, or from Fenco Corporation, Ojai.

AUGUST 1962 615 Word

To do for the world more Child's definition than the world does for you—of a zebra: a horse

that is success.—Henry Ford wearing pajamas.

A young student from the agricultural colThere is no road too long to lege was in conversation with an old farmer. the man who advances de-

"Do you know,"observed the young man, liberately and without undue "that your farming methods are so far behind haste. There are no honors

the times that I'd be very surprised if you too distant to the man who get even $50 worth of oats out of this field."prepares himself for them with

"So would I,"was the farmer's reply. "It's barley."patience.—Jean de La Bruyere

Only when we walk in the The man who is too busy dark do we see the stars. to pray is too busy.

Teacher: Remember, chilDentist: So you have Remember, people will

dren, there is no such word broken off a tooth, have judge you by your acas "can't."Yes, Tommy? you! Youngster: Yes, sir. tions as well as your inTommy: Miss Smith, did Dentist: How did you do tentions. You may have

you ever try to strike a it? Youngster: Oh, shift- a heart of gold, but so

match on a cake of soap? ing gears on a lollypop. has a hardboiled egg.

Poise is defined as Life is a grindstone; whether Help yourself to outer space

the art of raising it grinds you down or pol-—take your moon and star!

the eyebrows inishes you up, depends on Give me just some inner place stead of the roof. what you are made of. where I can park my car.

Ability will enable a man The fellow who to get to the top, but blows his horn the character is the only thing loudest is usually that will keep him there. in the biggest fog.

% I I I I I I I f THIS IS A VERY BUSY HONEY BEE I

MAKING HONEY FOR NABISCO II I / SUGAR HONEY GRAHAMS I / I / And that's a job that takes lots f / of honey. Because so many f

I people eat so many Nabisco I Sugar Honey Grahams. Because

I they're the graham crackers1 % made with pure country honey \ and real graham flour. Extra

\ delicious and extra nutritious.

\ America's favorite betweenmeal cracker. Get them in the

economical 2-pound package.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

his own management knowhow is a vital asset to Is your of his income for life insurance—recognizing that

his business.

meet the needs of many retailers. They are one of life insurance Beneftcial's Commercial Whole Life policies

today's best life insurance bargains. For more inforBeneficial? mation,to the addresscall yourbelow.nearby Beneficial man... or write

Over half a billion dollars of life insurance in force.

The retail merchant, who provides us with groceries, drugs, hardware, clothing, and other necessities and luxuries, serves us well and has built a solid BENEFICIAL TIFF, place in our economy.

The wise retail manager also manages his per- - / 7sonal affairs wisely. He budgets a substantial portion Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah