'WmF

The Improvement Era December 1957.....,.;

yj The Gift that Gives... and Lives Forever

The Holy Bible AUTHORIZED KING JAMES VERSION

A most eloquent expression of the true spirit of Christmas is yours to give in glorious World

Bibles... superbly bound, beautifully printed

on World IndoText, the loveliest of all India papers.

Available at your book, department, or religious store

THE NATIVITY BIBLE...

New, and especially appropriate to Christmas.

A vibrantly colorful stained glass window set into the cover depicts the Holy Family. Exceptionally legible selfpronouncing type.

Newly revised Concordance, many other readers aids. Fullcolor illustrations and maps.

Red Letter Edition. Moroccograin Leathertex

semioverlapping covers, maroon edges. In

. -: black No. 240C, or maroon, No. 240CM-

$5.00

.; -,. ';-;"'':,.i;:': - ''-.-:

,. \

riv***""*::

... v;0:-:.j.<#*1

FOR YOUNG PEOPLE... New fullWELCOME IN EVERY HOME... TO DELIGHT A STUDENT... Zippercolor illustrations help young minds apHandsomely bound, modestly priced closed Text Bibles with Concordance

preciate Biblical events. Easyto-read, Bibles with Concordance. They contain bound in handsome, practical Leathertex.

selfpronouncingEbony type. Gift boxed. beautiful fullcolor maps and illustrations Among their many features are fullcolor

White imitation leather cover, zipperand many supplements. New selfpro- maps and illustrations, every aid to easy

closed, goldstamped, amber edges. nouncing type. Red Letter Editions. readability including newlyset, wonderNo. 604Z—$3.50 Gift boxed. Black Leathertex overlapping fully readable, selfpronouncing type.

Same, with overlapping covers. covers, red edges... No. 230C—$2.75 Red Letter Editions. Gift boxed.

Black Leathertex cover, zipperclosed, No. 232C-$5.50 White, No. 236CZ-$3.75

giltstamped, red edges.

See inside back cover for more gift Bibles

THE WORLD PUBLISHING COMPANY Bible Publishers to America 'CLEVELAND 2, OHIO

SMART NEW

CHOCOLATEffcttgttitt COOKIES by PURITY

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Stereophonic Sound Smartly dressed up

A new connoisseur stereophonic like their namesake, development by A. R. Sugden of with white cocoanut

England uses a single groove to recream and dark rich cord two sounds on a disk. One of Ambrosia chocolate.

the sounds is recorded by lateral or sideways motion, the other by vertiThey're really like a cal motion (as in the "hill and dale"fine confection in method of the old Edison records). flavor and character.

Your favorite grocery store has them now.

Ten New Kinds Chemical synthesis of penicillin has now been accomplished at Massachusetts Institute of Technology by Professor John C. Sheehan and

Research Associate K. R. HeneryLogan. Ten new kinds are being

tested for possible medical use.

Use of Water The daily per capita use of water in the US varies from 60 gallons for each person in small communities to as much as 300 to 500 gallons in some cities. In 1950 the municipal

water systems supplied an average of 145 gallons a day per person.

Water requirements for 20 of the largest industries add up to over 21 billion gallons each day. For farms,

homes, factories, and business estab-, elishments in 1950 an estimated 170 oco billion gallons of water each daywere withdrawn from the ground, c b vlakes, or streams. PURITY

PURITY BISCUIT CO. Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

DECEMBER 1957 885 The Improvement Era, The Voice of the Church, Volume 60, No. 12, December 1957.

Official organ of the priesthood quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, ward teachers, Music Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Church Features

Editor's Page: The Man of Nazareth President David O. McKay 898

Your Question: Translated Beings—Part II

President Joseph Fielding Smith 900 "Eye Hath Not Seen"Harold B. Lee 902

"Respect for Authority"( Family Hour Discussion Topic

Delbert L. Stapley 914

Jesus Returns to Jerusalem—MIA Reading Course: Jesus the Christ—

XVIII Doyle L. Green 918

The Church Moves On, 895; Melchizedek Priesthood, Common Sense Wins Converts, 932;

Presiding Bishopric's Page, 934.

Special Features

Thoughts for Your Inspirational Talk: Gifts and Giving 905

Christmas in the Holy Land Alice Colton Smith 906

The Dead Sea Scrolls and Their Significance for Latterday Saints (First of two parts) Dr. Sidney B. Sperry 910

Letter from a Serviceman 913 Christmas, Christmas Beverly Turley 921

A Reading Christmas—A Joyous Christmas 922

Leadership Development: "Operation Andrew"Sterling W. Sill 924

Missionary Helps: The Scriptural Formula Gordon T. Allred 926

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 958, 969

Exploring the Universe. Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 885; These Times: Knowledge and

Power, Dr. G. Homer Durham, 890.

Today's Family: Christmas and Children Thais T. Williams 962

Three Christmas Gifts Mildred Goff 966

Bookrack 967 Letters and Reports 892 Cover—"The Virgin Mary

Christ"the Infant The Last Word 972 Adoring (14941534), by Correggio Stories, Poetry reproducedis our Decemberin fullcover.color,

No Room at the Inn Frances Yost 916 This begins a series of religious of 928 masterpieces To Be a KingIX Cannon Hugh J. galleries art taken from to be Poetry 947, 954, 904, 909, 913, 920, 930, 958, 969 parts of the world. in many

This painting is used by David O. McKay and Richard L. Evans, Editors; Doyle L. Green, Managing Editor; courtesy of Calleria degli

Marba C. Josephson, Associate Managing Editor; Elizabeth J. Moffitt, Production Editor; Uffizi, Florence, Italy.

Albert L. Zobell, Jr., Research Editor; Eileen Gibbons, Manuscript Editor; Gordon T.

Allred, Editorial Associate; Ralph Reynolds and Ed Maryon, art directors.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter,

Hugh Nibley, Claude B. Petersen, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

Elbert R. Curtis, General Manager; Bertha S. Reeder, Associate Manager; Verl F.

Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; Thayer Evans, Regional

Advertising Representative.

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 16, Utah

Copyright Funds, 1957 Mutual published by Inc., and Associations Mutual by the Improvement Christ of Jesus of the Church

Saints.of Latterday All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 foreign subscriptions, a year, in advance; $3.00 a year, in

advance; single copy. 25c

Salt at Office,Entered the Post City, matter. secondclass as Lake at Utah for mailing rate special Acceptance of postage

forprovided section in 1103. 2, Act of October 1917, 1918. authorized July

not for Improvement unsolicited responsibleThe Era manuscripts, contributions. but for welcomes Manuscripts are paid on

l!5cacceptance at the isof rate a sufficient for be word postage and return. delivery must by and

days'notice forThirty required of address. change ordering slip a change, please address recent Whenaccompanied issue from a

of magazine. the Address changes cannot unless as address as well be the is included. old the one made includenew

Picture credits and footnotes, page 971. Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

886 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1. PATHWAYS TO HAPPINESS

By David 0. McKay

Compiled by Llewelyn R. McKay

Here's one of the most exciting newcomers to the L.D.S. books field... ready

for you to give this Christmas. This

vital volume by President McKay, reveals the path which must be followed by each individual if true happiness is to be found. In this outstanding compilation, are found the guideposts which

point the way to a full rich life...

with directions written with wisdom and beauty to inspire the soul of man.

Influences such as education, courtship and marriage, free agency, death, labor unions, heredity, home life, and personal aspirations are discussed with skill and imagination, revealing the profound thoughts, noble emotions, and keen insight of the author. A significant and

enriching addition to any library. $3.95

2. DO UNTO OTHERS

By Carl W. Buehner

Down to earth and practical in its approach... lofty

and inspirational in its contents, this brand new book reflects the great love of the author for God and humanity. Intriguing stories, rare experiences in the

South Sea Islands, counseling on ward teaching, choice

General Conference addresses, and select writings of

Bishop Buehner combine to renew one's faith in his neighbors, workers and associates. Light, easy reading

... possessing great impact. $2.00

—7******—sJStj *.\P*?:': *:HI

:-?*?.T ll

ttSBs! 1 BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE

—!$!'LJfjN:

*e lS mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmMm...... & 1186 SOUTH MAIN HU 7-7488 MWMMMi

DECEMBER 1957 887......:;- -

for*

MORMON

A PICTORIAL ACCOUNT OF MORMONISM

By Rulon S. Howells

Here is a rare treasure that should be a part of

every Latterday Saint's library. It is the longawaited picture story of Mormonism... there is

no other book like it! Hundreds of rare photographs of early Church stalwarts and historical

sites... beautiful, aweinspiring fullcolor paintings

of Joseph Smith's first vision and the receiving

of the gold plates from the Angel Moroni...

skillful illustrations of important events... charts

and maps of organization and growth... all

combine in this unique volume to graphically

portray Mormonism. Children will be fascinated

with this picture story... adults will be thrilled

and inspired. A tremendous aid for teaching and

explaining the gospel. $3.95

BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE

1186 SOUTH MAIN HU 7-7488

888 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA m

. FINDING YOUR FOREFATHERS

IN AMERICA

By Archibald F. Bennett

Successful genealogical research is the result of a carefully laid plan... and in this skillfully written

volume is found the knowhow to become a skilled researcher. Richly illustrated throughout 3 5

chapters, this book will help the reader to train himself in the principles of scientific genealogical research which will bring gratifying results. Mustreading for all

interested in finding their forefathers in America. $3*95

5. LD.S. STORIES OF FAITH "* '

AND COURAGE By Preston Nibley STOJOES'

s story a good love alike and old Young with an 0/iM/ teach a moral with and stories unequalled effectiveness. Here is a particularly COURAGE

outstanding compilation of faithpromoting adventures written for the youth of the Church to build courage, integrity, resourcefulness, and stability. An excellent supplement for Sunday School, Primary, Scout and Priesthood

studies. $2.25

6. ABOUT BAPTISM V"/

By Emma Marr Petersen The wonderful adventure stories that happen in the life of a little orphan boy from Denmark subtly tell the entire story of baptism as practiced in the L.D.S. Church. Here is a unique method to prepare

children for baptism, for the author skillfully weaves sound gospel doctrine into a great adventure story easily understood by youngsters. $1.50

BOOKCRAFT 1257 Available 1186 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

from Please send the following circled books for which enclose

Bookcraft

Dealers Everywhere Name

Address..

City State..

DECEMBER 1957 889 These Times

SAFEWAY Knowledge and Power IS A FRIEND by Dr. G. Homer Durham

OF THE FAMILY... AND Vice President, University of Utah

A FRIEND OF THE FARMER A new era in man's history began sion, far outrun a rock, arrow, bullet,

Safeway has become an imFriday, October 11, 1957, with the bomb, or V-2.

portant stabilizing factor in the announcement from Moscow, Russia, Brooks Adams published his Law marketing of meat in Utah and that the Soviet Union had successof Civilization and Decay in 1895.

Idaho. fully launched the first manmade Brilliant scion of the house of

A tremendous amount of satellite, and that it was circling the John and John Quincy Adams, choice meat, over $13,000,000 in earth every 95 minutes, 560 miles Brooks argued that the nature of 1956, is sold through Utah and above the surface. The news about weapons systems, coupled with the

Idaho Safeway Stores. All meat the object, 22 inches in diameter and human motives of fear and greed,

sold in these Safeway Stores is weighing 184 pounds, its subsequent largely determine the patterns of produced in the two states and flight and history, has now become society; for example, when offensive

purchased from the 25 leading part of the record of science. Interweapons seem to have the advantage

packers in Utah and Idaho. All pretation of the first data available over defense, centralization results;

packers get a share of the busiwill go on for some time. The possiand vice versa. Thus before gunness every week at prices deterbilities for new scientific theories, powder the decentralized feudal

mined by the packers themselves. experiments, and achievements are system flourished behind the moats

This gives the packers a SURE legion. Their technical aspects need and walls of baronial castles. But

to keep market and tends meat detain the the us here. with coming not textbooks, of gunpowder, New

benefit prices stable of for the ones, barons chapters powerful in old more will soon became kings, new packers. producers and a statesystem to and born. the appear was occupy minds new and

recent sale the of the With inefforts Centralization of of generations. has power new

plant packing meat at Nampa, hissince that time. creased technicalities, the Leaving The what

is Idaho, entirely Safeway now toric 4, of in possibilities event the 1957, of October are the broader some of the out completely and tests, of this dramatizes flowing wake event? from H-bomb

cattle feeding slaughtering and business. All meat is secured 1. It is evident that a revolution the necessity for applying the best

from leading Utah and Idaho in weaponssystems is occurring. fruits of faith and reason in interpackers... and Safeway buys Nikita Khrushchev, the Russian national relations. The world has

leader, very small again. suddenly 7, his grown gave October on 1957, governthe only BEST—only in revolution apparent 2. The aircraft that opinion type bomber S. choice. graded ment U of attack presents obsolete. the weapons truth were Whatever now is just that: This one more way

SAFEWAY IS A FRIEND or misjudgment may be involved in United Nations organization in a

OF THE FARMER that opinion, the fact of the weapons new light. The political challenge

as well as revolution remains. It appears to to the organs of the UN, in develop-

A FRIEND OF THE FAMILY be more fundamental than the ining peaceful cooperation, in harnessvention of gunpowder and firearms. ing the fruits of the International

There have been "missiles"since the Geophysical Year ( of which the Rusfirst rock was thrown. But the possian, US, and other satellite launchsibilities of a rocket that can hoist ing plans were a part), is apparent. SAFEWAY an object 560 miles above the earth's 3. Particular and unique responsisurface, in the age of hydrogen fisbilities ( Continued on page 957

890 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

A NEW AND DIFFERENT KIND OF

HOSPITALMEDICAL-SURGICAL INSURANCE

TO AGE SEVENTYFIVE!

YOU MUST COLLECT... either in Benefits or in Cash Refund

r+\ GREATLY NEEDED FEATURES NEVER BEFORE

IN 1 "HOSPITALIZATION"POLICY'\SJ COMBINED

YOU GET ALL THESE ADVANTAGES:

LL It cannot be cancelled or dis- >*lt accumulates "cash value"continued by the company, even if for you or your heirs you become a "poor risk"If you drop this policy anytime year, the the second comfor feature a after revolutionary A will contingent a you pay pany health accident rate and low well, stays that if he says John "And in refund amounts premium cancel the policy: only can you back!"will $5000.00 get he plainly printed are which on policy! as the long pay you As

die, If policy. the the cash you IS THE SIX UNOF ONE ONLY policy AND THAT remains the premiums,

in force to age 75 or until the value is paid to your heirs. USUAL. FEATURES NEVER BEFORE OFFERED

full face value has been paid. THE AMERICAN PUBLIC AT SUCH LOW RATES

Benefits reduced never be can 4-i LIFE COMPANY & CASUALTY BANKERS 83* Rates cannot be raised.. ever! listed Insurance in 701 the entire Benefits dares to challenge can again NC

Even if you insure a small never be reduced. The policy Industry—by offering the public a sickness and child, the low, low infant rate remains—unchanged—until accident policy so different that every reader will

will never be raised when he age 75 or until the full face value want to get every detail of every outstanding reaches manhood or old age. has been paid in benefits. feature. Forget everything you've ever heard

about "hospitalization"insurance. This remarkable new policy, NC 701—which many insurance.AND THEN THIS MONEYBACK REFUND! experts say is 10 years ahead of its time—will not

hurt: bills or sick are you only the help when pay

: benefits in are value you when well! full stay value face back it will the receive even you you money You pay 3<* in sick as hurt, con- a or cash collect force, in policy must If youif your you keep in benefits refund! or policy your of if refund tingent you premium are face you of every cent the value—whether well, in force, in or a policy stay combination keeping your By to is renewable well! sick guaranteed or 701 NC

full at face maturity. collect of the the two must you policy has of value face the until or age 75 the

been paid to you. Mail the coupon for details of

.WITH ALL THIS PROTECTION, TOO! theage. benefitsThere isandno costschargethatfor applythis informationat your presentnow

2. Doctor's Bills at specified or ever, and no obligation to buy.

the costs All five of of sickness rates. C3* In or out of the hosStock Company Legal Reserve An OldLine pital. injury are covered or accidental ACCIDENT COVERAGE AND BROAD LIFE INSURANCE; OFFERING

RENEWABLE GUARANTEED SOME HEALTH AND specified at Fees ONLY OF THE COMPANY AT OPTION OTHERS RENEWABLEPOLICIES, 701 pays $3000 from NC to 3. Surgeon'srates. of In or out for from and $7500 women pital. & CO. LIFE the hosBANKERSAND CASUALTY for dependto $5000 $2500 men

ing on your age at time of 4. Hospital Extras (oxygen, HOME OFFICE: J CHICAGO 30, ILL.

issuance. It includes specified iron lung, ambulance servamounts for: ice, etc.).

"FREE MAIL THIS INFORMATION"COUPON prescribed Medicines Board, 5. i. Hospital by and Room

application not a It is merely doctor. of This In or out your nursing (including general

lor information. free your isrequest for insurance.No obligation. hospital. the care).

policy. printed in your are clearly available exact amounts The

is the can collect you only limit total amount on the The face Dept.BANKERS2250 LIFE & CASUALTY COMPANY

value of the policy. Exceptions, limitations and waiting periods 4444 W. Lawrence Ave., Chicago 30, Illinois

policy. in the stated are clearly

Life Casualty *Only Bankers & Company Offers Policy NC 701 andGentlemen:benefitsPleaseavailablesupplyto memewithunderinformationyour newonpolicyrates

701. understand there is no charge or obligation. NC cures, rest illness, simple war, acts of few exceptions—mental in I bornI the year was

disease, heart policy. Hernia, clearly stated in the Theetc.,—are

or MR., MRS., MISS six etc., originating covered tonsilectomy, tuberculosis, when

for other Benefits policy. after of the issuance months illnesses ADDRESS

; benefits for accidental of policy date 30 days after ZONE or that begin

injury begin from the first day. Policy NC 701 is not yet available CITY RR f STATE.

in all states. Send name today. See if youJ are eligible.a 8 I. 1 C. C. HOME OFFICE: CHICAGO 30, ILLINOIS 090127

DECEMBER 1957 891 Cut yourself a bigger piece of Letters the money pie! and

current rate..

Reports

Gerldine Randall, Grant Ward, Rigby ( Idaho ) Stake, Junior Gleaner, has a perfect attendance at all her meetings for the past four years. To

achieve this, she has foregone trips with family and friends. (Below,

left)

Accounts opened Lois Esther Kraus (above, right) of Mesa Seventh Ward, East Mesa by the 25th of the (Arizona) Stake, has not missed Mumonth earn from tual in three years. But that is only

the 1 st part of her story: she had a perfect

attendance record in all her years at

Primary and has an elevenyear perfect attendance record at both SacBeehiveSecurity rament meeting and Sunday School.

yiMItimrJA historianShe is an ofHonorher MiaBee,MaidMia class.Joy, and

Brigham S. Young, Jr., President, Manager Columbia, Tenn.

1625 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah Dear Sir:

Approved and Regulated by the Utah State Banking Commission The Era is marvelous, and I certainly enjoy receiving and reading it. Each month I look forward to

BEEHIVE SECURITY COMPANY my next copy. The changes which

1625 South Main have been made in it have really

Salt Lake City, Utah given it some spice and made it even

Please send me information about your firm's 5% percent interest more enjoyable to read.

program. May you continue to publish as

wonderful an Era in the future as

Name you have in the past.

Sincerely yours, Address Harry Gammon

City State

892 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ANDiiMUSIC TO OF WORDS \ I /

X- mcms BRIGHTEN YOUR

"t\.,-v vr Let these beautiful 12"longplaying, high fidelity, Century priceless collection A of Christthe homes of friends and loved all time mas favorites inones this holiday season with cludes: Deck The of Vol. 7 A inspiring lovely music and Halls, Silent Night, Treasured Hymns. MormonCollection

FaithCome Ye all will treasured that words. be by Gifts are This album endure

ful, Night, Holy O All favorite such are who by etc. $3.98 long remembered. / as: That know inspiredHymns Mormon

IMife MyCome,RedeemerCome YeLives,Saints,O Myetc.Father,$3.98

Speak OtTR LEAD E3 RB A Our LeadersToVol.Youth16

20 Testimonies of the 1"O XOTJ*Ttt cludingGeneral PresAuthoritiesDavid in-O.

McKay, Stephen L Richards, Joseph Fielding Smith, Matthew

Cowley, etc. $3.98

The Mormon Choir of k Southern California W 200voice Choir sings selections performed in the

L.A Temple, Holly

TVwoodnetworksBowl, on$3.98Radio &

jAo. Vol. 12 Belshazzar's Feast

Evans Jessie Smith TheB.Y.U.combinedMusic Dept.resources(600 particiof the

Soloist with Tabernacle pants) perform one of the greatest cenmasterworks of the sings Choir tury. A. by $398

Hart: TheW sacredMissionary."Mickey"songs choral

He That Hath Clean Hands, etc. $3.98

J. Karl Wood Readings k

for Latterday Saints I readings Outstanding narrated Urry, f by Francis Moroni Olson, Wendell Noble, etc. 2-12"records

$3.98 per set

>S*, Vol. 14BookOratorioof MormonFrom The k"

LeRoy J. Robertson's famous

musical masterpiece. The Utah

Symphony Orchestra and combined choruses of the Univ. of

Utah. $3.98

Singers, Madrigal B.Y.U. Vol. releases: 1—The Century Other

Vol. (B.Y.U. Vol. Choir, 6 Rhythm - Young Vol. 2 - B.Y.U. A Capella Organ3, 4, 5

Singers. Madrigal Songs-B.Y.U. 15 -Patriotic Vol. Band), for Dance Accompaniment

L.D.S. Hymns

can have you Now ac- ""beautiful organ companiment for CENTURY DISTRIBUTING CO. Box 308, Saugus, Calif.

your group on best loved L.D.S. Hymns special Gentlemen: for and music

occasions Christmas, Please send me (postage prepaid) the following encircled records:

Patriotic, Easter, 1 2 14 etc. VOL. 3 4 8 9 12 13 10 5 6 7 15 16

ea. Vol. $3.98

find the Enclosed of order check amount money $ Q, in O,

Name (Please print) MUSIC FOR

.Zone State-

J (California Residents add 4% Sales Tax)

DECEMBER 1957 893 Give Yourself a Books Club

.... Membership for Christmas

enjoy choice reading all year long!

"The Mormon Story,"just off the press in time for Christmas, will bring you joy and happiness long after the holidays have passed... so give yourself this prized gift for Christmas. Begin your LDS Books Club membership with this

rare treasure (or any of the alternates listed below)... and

order extra copies for your gift list. No book will be more

appreciated! We'll mail in time for Christmas, enclosing a card

with your name. And if you order at least four books, including

the one for yourself, you are entitled to a free bonus book from the list below. "The Mormon Story"contains hundreds of

rare old photographs, beautiful fullcolor paintings, and an inspiring text to explain Mormonism to readers of all ages.

There is no other book like it.

4rl il

HOW THE ClUB PLAN SAVES YOU 20% ChooseFrom ThisFree SampleBonus BooksList (And new ones are constantly 1. With every four books you buy thru the views will be mailed to you... with one of T being added.)

OF THE PROPHET bookof-themonth. Club, receive Books LDS being you FREE the a fifth books book named

SMITH If JOSEPHDISCOURSES... as receive to choice the top book you do nothingget five a bonus thus you book you wish Burton Alma P.

Church books for the price of four, a savings of it will be sent to you postpaid along with a TEACHINGS OF THE DOCTRINE approximately 20%. statement. If you do not want the book, you AND COVENANTS

E. Berrett William alternate for postcard return an provided the

2. join ordering You Story"by "The Mormon PEARL PRICE OF GREAT all). (or at selection none

or or the one selections more of alternate declub COMMENTARY 4. four book purchased After have you R. Milton Hunter scribed below. as order You books few as 4 may

free select book bonus selections, your you may THE TEMPLES OF HIGH MOST to a year keep active or your membership...

B. list which Church choice N. books of a Lundwall long from

or order you one may books each more month will LIFE provided. PAUL'S be LETTERS AND

if desire. you Dr. B. Sidney Sperry 5. club to available books are Church Other

EXPERIENCES 3. Each carefully selected month, several club. the books However, through members nonbook- CHERISHEDPresident David O. McKay will be reviewed will selections reclub carry printed and these not for you bonus credit. Compiled Clare by Middlemiss

PRIESTHOOD AND CHURCH GOVERNMENT John A. Widtsoe

FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON NOW! VITALITYDr. JamesOFE. MORMONISMTalmage

LDS BOOKS CLUB, 161 East Utopia Avenue, Salt Lake City 15, Utah THEYOUNGSTORYLATTERDAYOF OUR CHURCHSAINTS FOR

Gentlemen: Emma Marr Petersen

Please enroll me as a member of the LDS BOOKS CLUB and send me the selections indicated REVELATIONLewis J. Harmer below.

NAME SERMONSSERVICES OFANDMELVINMISSIONARYJ. BALLARD

ADDRESS Bryant S. Hinckley

CITY AND STATE hi Amount of check or money order enclosed $ (Utah residents add 2% sales tax.)

Please send "The Mormon Story"by Rulon S. Howells—$3.95

- ALTERNATES - JESUS THE CHRIST, by Dr. James E.

Talmage $3.50 D PATHWAYSO. McKay TO HAPPINESS, by David $3.95

A study of the Messiah and his Practical, downto-earth guideposts mission. MIA reading course for which inspire the soul and show

two years. the way to true happiness.

A STORY TO TELL $3.00 PEARL OF GREAT PRICE COMChoice children's stories that teach MENTARY, by Dr. Milton R. Hunter $3.00

a moral. Selected for educational A very helpful and useful aid in

value as well as for their interest the study of the Pearl of Great for children. Price.

(If you do not wish to mutilate your Era, send necessary information on separate sheet.)

LDS Books Club 894 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOW!

SAMSONITE presents

the The Church upholstered

look... Moves On

22nd September

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., of the First Presidency dedicated the Timpanogos storehouse of the Church welfare plan. The First Presidency announced that the East German in the world's

Mission of the Church would henceforth be known as the North

Mission. German

Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, strongest dedicated the chapel of the Lander (Wyoming) Branch,

West Central States Mission. folding chair

San Mateo (California) Stake, the 247th such unit now functioning in the Church, was organized from portions of Palo

Alto Stake, with Elder Melvin P. Pickering sustained as president, and Elders William L. Stoker and William Stanford Samsonite

Durrant as counselors. The new stake is made up of Redwood

City, San Carlos, San Mateo, San Mateo Second, Burlingame, San

Bruno wards, and Sharp Park Branch. President David B. Haight VinylClad

remained in office as president of Palo Alto Stake, with Elders

Richard B. Sonne and Lund A. Johnson as his counselors. Elders

Sidney V. Badger was released as first counselor. Comprising Palo Alto Stake are Sunnyvale, Los Altos, Palo Alto, Palo Alto Second, Chairs

and Menlo Park wards. These stake organizations were effected

by Elder Marion G. Romney of the Council of the Twelve and Samsonite reaches into the futureElder John Longden, Assistant to the 'Council of the Twelve. to bring you a different folding

President Marion D. Hanks of the First Council of the Seventy chair! Samsonite's exclusive vinyl

dedicated the chapel of the Grover Ward, Star Valley (Wyoming) seat covering (lifetime bonded to

Stake. During this stake conference assignment, President Hanks the world's strongest steel chair)

also dedicated an addition to the LDS Star Valley Hospital. gives each chair the luxurylook of upholstered furniture—with these

Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, extras! Stack it... rack it... you

dedicated the chapel of the Sheridan (Wyoming) Branch, can't scratch or tear it. Choose from

West Central States Mission. tan or grey monk's cloth pattern.

Write for information about It was announced that Elder Marvin L. Pugh had been Samsonite vinylclad chairs and

appointed to the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associamatching tables, today.

tion general board.

The appointment of Elder Bertrand F. Harrison to the general board of the Deseret Sunday School Union was announced. Samsonite

strongest... last longest

SHWAYDER BROS., INC., INSTITUTIONAL

SEATING DIV., Dept IE 12/Detroit 29, Mich,

DECEMBER 1957 In Canada through Samsonite of Canada, Ltd.895

SEARS

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of the Metuchen (New Jersey) Branch,

Eastern States Mission.

Elder John Longden, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve,UAJiMMl dedicated the chapel of the Lakewood and Lakewood Second wards (see picture, page 895), East Long Beach (California) Stake.

San Luis Obispo Stake organized from portions of Santa

Barbara (California) Stake, with President Arthur J. Godfrey, formerly of Santa Barbara Stake, as its president, and Elders David

K. Bickmore and Harold Livingston sustained as counselors. The

new stake, the 248th such unit now functioning in the Church, includes the San Luis Obispo, Santa Maria, Lompoc, Paso Robles wards and Las Flores and Arroyo Grande branches. Elder Harry

Haldeman was sustained as president of Santa Barbara Stake with

Elders Woodruff J. Beam and Joseph Fielding Chapman as his

counselors. Included in the Santa Barbara Stake are Camarillo,

Ojai, Oxnard, Santa Barbara, Santa Paula, and Ventura wards. Released from the former Santa Barbara Stake presidency were Elders

William O. Bradford and Lynn Gordon, counselors. These changes

were effected by Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the Council of the

Twelve and Elder Eldred G. Smith, Patriarch to the Church.

Elder Justin B. Lillywhite, former second counselor, sustained

as first counselor in the Orange County (California) Stake, succeeding Elder Samuel H. Cortez, deceased. Elder Karl C. Durham

sustained as second counselor.

It's mighty easy shopping these days...

a!! you do is reach for the phone from

your easy chair and let Sears Catalog

Shopping Service make short work of your The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder long list. David S. Romney, former mayor of Ogden, now a Salt Lake

DIAL EM 3-2676 City resident, to preside over the Western States Mission,

Sears, Roebuck and Co. succeeding President A. Lewis Elggren. President Romney is a

754 South State former missionary to New Zealand. He served for five years as a

member of a high council in Ogden and was recently released after serving six years as president of the Monument Park Stake high priests quorum. He is a former bishop of Mt. Ogden Ward, East

Ogden Stake. At the time of this call to the mission field he was

serving as a Sunday School teacher and as a guide on Temple

Square. Mrs. Romney will accompany him to the field of labor.

The couple have two grown children.

The First Presidency urged support of the United Fund drives by the Saints residing in communities where those drives are being made.

The 249th stake of the Church, Monument Park West Stake,

LIVE BETTER was created from a portion of the Monument Park Stake in

Salt Lake City. Elder Frank C. Berg, second counselor in

ELECTRICALLY the Monument Park Stake, was sustained as president of Monument with Park West Stake with Elders Ernest A. Nelson and John Farr Larson

sustained as his counselors. Wards in the new stake are Monument

Full Park Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, and Tenth, with

HOUSEPOWER aGeorgemembershipL. Nelsonfor andthe hisstakefirst ofcounselor,approximatelyElder Harold5600. R.PresidentBoyer,

were sustained in the Monument Park Stake. Elder Royden G.

Derrick was sustained as the new second counselor. Monument

Park, Second, Ninth, and Eleventh wards make up the stake with

Electricity Costs So Little a membership of 3300. President Joseph Fielding Smith and Elders

Spencer W. Kimball and Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the

You Can Afford a Lot Twelve effected these changes.

Elder Thorpe B. Isaacson of the Presiding Bishopric dedicated

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. the Taylor (Alberta, Canada) Stake recreation center.

Elder Wayne Reeves sustained as president of San Bernardino (California) Stake with Elders Shirley H. Bogh and Gilbert A.

Snow. They succeed President Levern M. Hansen and his counselors, Elders Woodrow A. Miller and H. Duane Anderson.

896 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Sign of our times..

Sir Winston Churchill had a similar sign during the 1940's... but now,

Sir, times have changed and this can mean only one thing... keep your

eye on channel five for television at its family finest.

The Mountain West's alive... with channel 5 KSL TV

DECEMBER 1957 897 The Man

Again it is that season of the year in which we do special honor and reverence to Jesus Christ. Millions

of people celebrate the birth dates of great national heroes, but Jesus belongs to all the world, the only perfect man who walked the earth. The world loves

him because never a falsehood passed his lips, nor a taint of sin scarred his soul.

I wonder if we are getting nearer the time when statesmen will realize that the one great thing which the world needs is faith in the message that was heralded by the heavenly host of voices, when the

Savior was born—"Glory to God in the highest, and on

earth peace, good will toward men."(Luke 2:14.)

In this day people are conjuring with names of rulers and leaders. The followers of each believe that

political salvation lies in adhering to the theories advocated by their particular leader. Men are seeking

a new and better order of life. It was so in Peter's

day. He heard the arguments of Pharisees, of Scribes,

and Sadducees. He knew the power of Rome and

saw people subdued and oppressed. In the midst of it

all Peter came to one conclusion, which he expressed before the rulers of the Jewish nation and the world—

**... there is none other name under heaven given

among men, whereby we must be saved."(Acts 4:12.)

Jesus'teachings may be applied just as efficaciously to social groups and national problems as to individuals if men will only give them a trial.

William George Jordan tells the story of some men in a ship, which, during a terrific storm, was driven far out of its course and, helpless and disabled, was carried into a strange bay. The water supply gave

out, and the crew suffered the agony of thirst, yet dared not drink of the salt water in which that vessel floated. In the last extremity they lowered a bucket

over the ship's side and in desperation quaffed the beverage they thought was sea water, but to their joy and amazement the water was fresh, cool, and lifegiving! They were in a freshwater arm of the

sea, and they did not know it! They had simply to

reach down and accept the new life and strength for which they craved.

The Editors Page

by President David O. McKayof Nazareth

Applicable to nations minded American should object to is the spirit of coercion and intimidation exercised by such groups.

The illustration is applicable to a large part of manJesus decried and condemned coercion on the part kind today. Men and nations are drifting. They have of those who hold power. The intensity of his inveclost their bearings; their wisdom is baffled. Tried and tives against the pride, greed, and selfishness of Herod,

true methods of the past have been discarded, and Caiaphas, Annas, Pilate, Tiberius, and others shows vague and indefinite theories offered as panaceas for how deeply he was interested in pure government and social and economic ills. There is an inescapable how eager he was to uphold just authority. His

necessity for a safe and experienced pilot at the wheel. ideal was that of a social organization in which every

One of the soundest and safest bulwarks of society man would have the joyous consciousness of laboring that is being undermined today is the family. Modern and striving, not only for himself but also for the

life is disintegrating the very foundation of the home. welfare of his fellow men, and where the highest reThe evil of divorce is rampant. Though at present wards and honors would go simply to those who were

the number of divorces is decreasing, too many marable to contribute the most to society.

riages are wrecked on the shoals of divorce. For Jesus taught that a man cannot be true to himself

the proper solution of this problem we may turn with without being true to his fellow men. Neither can

safety to Jesus as our guide. He declared that the a man be true to his fellow men without being true

marriage relation is of divine origin. In his teachings to himself.

the family assumes supreme importance in the deNo principle of life was more constantly emphasized velopment of the individual and of society. by the great Teacher than the necessity of right thinkAnother presentday problem, and one most menacing. To him, the man is not what he appears to

ing, is the perpetual quarreling and strife between be outwardly, nor what he professes to be by his capital and labor. A cancerous growth in the vitals words: what the man thinks determines in all cases

of this economic struggle is the spirit of coercion. what the man is.

Today capital and labor are organizing seemingly No person can study the divine personality of Jesus, not with a view of helping each other, but with a view can accept his teachings, without becoming conscious of dominating and compelling. One group is just of an uplifting and refining influence within himself.

as selfish and domineering as the other. As soon as In fact, every individual may experience the operation

one gets the upper hand, it becomes dictatorial and of the most potent force that can affect humanity.

domineering. Unrighteous dominion whether exercised by employers or by labor unions is contrary to Divinity of Christ

the spirit and teachings of Jesus of Nazareth. The

ends of justice will never be obtained by coercion. Upon the membership of his Church rests the obliMan must work; it is his right—it is his privilege; it gation to teach the divinity of Jesus Christ, in whose

is as essential to man's welfare as eating or sleeping. perfection we find every virtue; in whom are comWhen men organize to interfere with an individual's bined in wonderful harmony all the powers of the

right to exercise his freedom of choice, they are creatsoul; in whose life and teachings we can find every

ing enmity and animosity in society. comfort, and if we go to him in humility and faith,

When labor unions or employers'unions are adevery guidance and inspiration we need.

ministered in righteousness and fair play, such organOur Lord, our Savior, Jesus Christ, is the head of izations can be of great service to a community and this Church. I know the reality of his existence, of

to individuals. What I object to and what every fairhis willingness to guide and direct all who serve him.

DECEMBER 1957 899 What is the mission of translated

heaven before receiving the

QUESTION: In studying the mission of

Elijah a question arose in relation to translated beings. What is their mission? We know that Jesus

Christ was "the first fruits"of the resurrection, yet the scriptures state that both Enoch (Moses 7:21 and 69)

and Elijah (2 Kings 2:11) were taken into heaven.

How can translated beings dwell in heaven before receiving the resurrection?

ANSWER: Once before we discussed the

question of translated beings, 1 but perhaps some further discussion would not be out of order. We

learn from modern revelation that there are no angels who administer to this earth but those who do belong or have belonged to it. 2 Therefore the angels who

appeared to Adam and the antediluvian prophets must Your have been spirits who had not yet tabernacled in the flesh. Since that time messengers coming to give

instruction to the prophets could have been spirits of just persons who had lived on the earth or translated beings who had been reserved for that purpose. Question

We may be sure that any messenger coming before by Joseph Fielding Smith the resurrection of Jesus who had a tangible body was

President of the Council of the Twelve a translated being who had lived on the earth and had been translated to become a messenger to men on the earth. Such would be the case evidently in the

visitors who came to Abraham and the personage who wrestled with Jacob.

to Note—Response Your Question

great that it is possible to answer on these pagesis so According to the Pearl of Great Price, when Enoch but a small percentage cases it some ofmaytheseemquestionsadvisablesubmitted.to answerIn was translated, the inhabitants of the city Zion were

questions mail. by This can done, be

course, only if include you and. your of also taken and were also translated. How many others name

address when you write.—J. F. S. have been given this great honor we do not know, but

there may have been many of whom we have no record. Prominence has been given to the case of

Elijah as well as to Enoch, and the purpose of granting to prophets this great blessing is that they may minister upon the earth. Moreover, the Lord, of

necessity, has kept authorized servants on the earth bearing the priesthood from the days of Adam to the present time; in fact, there has never been a moment

from the beginning that there were not men on the

900 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA beings? How can they dwell in

resurrection?

earth holding the Holy Priesthood. Even in the days in all parts of the world.

of apostasy, and apostasy has occurred several times, The Prophet Joseph Smith has given us, through the Lord never surrendered this earth and permitted revelation, much that we know about translated perSatan to have complete control. Even when the great sons and the nature of their work in the following exapostasy occurred following the death of the Savior's cerpts from his teachings:

apostles, our Father in heaven held control and had duly authorized servants on the earth to direct his A place prepared...

work and to check, to some extent at least, the ravages "Now the doctrine of translation is a power which and corruption of the evil powers. These servants belongs to this Priesthood. There are many things

were not permitted to organize the Church nor to which belong to the powers of the Priesthood and the officiate in the ordinances of the gospel, but they did keys thereof, that have been kept hid from before the check the advances of evil as far as the Lord deemed foundation of the world; they are hid from the wise

it necessary. This truth is made manifest in the stateand prudent to be revealed in the last times.

ment of the Lord in the Doctrine and Covenants, sec- "Many have supposed that the doctrine of translation 49, wherein the following appears tion was a doctrine whereby men were taken imme- "Wherefore, I will that all men shall repent, for all diately into the presence of God, and into an eternal are under sin, except those which I have reserved unto fulness, but this is a mistaken idea. Their place of

myself, holy men that ye know not of."habitation is that of the terrestrial order, and a place

We know that John the Revelator and the three prepared for such characters He held in reserve to be

Nephites were granted the privilege of remaining on ministering angels unto many planets, and who as yet the earth in the translated state, to "bring souls unto have not entered into so great a fullness as those who 3 are resurrected from the dead. 'Others were tortured, Christ."We know that this was the request of John

and likewise the desire of the three Nephites. not accepting deliverance, that they might obtain a

better resurrection.'(See Hebrews 11:35.)

Entertained by holy messengers "Now it was evident that there was a better resurIt is reasonable to believe that they were engaged rection, or else God would not have revealed it unto in this work as far as the Lord permitted them to go, Paul. Wherein then, can it be said a better resurrecduring these years of spiritual darkness. There are tion? This distinction is made between the doctrine

legends and stories which seem to be authentic, showof the actual resurrection and translation: translation

ing that these holy messengers were busy among the obtains deliverance from the tortures and sufferings nations of the earth, and men have been entertained of the body, but their existence will prolong as to the by them unawares. 4 We may well believe that these labors and toils of the ministry, before they can enter

translated prophets have always been busy keeping into so great a rest and glory."5

constraint upon the acts of men and nations unbe- "Translated bodies cannot enter into rest until they known to mortal man. have undergone a change equivalent to death. TransTranslated beings have not passed through death; lated bodies are designed for future missions.

that is, they have not had the separation of the spirit "The angel that appeared to John on the Isle of and the body. This must wait until the coming of the Patmos was a translated or resurrected body (i. e. perSavior. In the meantime they are busy fulfilling their sonage). Jesus Christ went in body after his resurglorious mission in preparing the way for the elders rection to minister to resurrected bodies. There has

of Israel to go forth with the message of salvation been a chain of authority and power from Adam down

See page 971 for footnotes. to the present time."6

DECEMBER 1957 901 F( fs jl

""ye Hath Not Seen

I should like to make, as the introduction to what I tion of it, and yet that sin was repeated, not once, but may say, reference to two experiences which have more often. And sadly she recognized that her powers

come to me. I shall refer to these two incidents in of resistance were diminishing with each experience.

such a way as to safeguard the confidences as they Then she asked the question as she sobbed out her have been given me by these lovely people. And story, "How can I obtain the strength to resist future

then if I address myself to them, I am sure I am saytemptations?"

ing something that will, I believe, lay the foundation I cannot think of a more important question. I

for you to find the strength which I hope these young have thought about her question. I am going to

people will find in the message which the gospel of try to answer a little more fully than I was able to

Jesus Christ can give to you and to them. when we talked, because I have thought more about it.

This first experience is that of a beautiful girl. A The second experience is that of a young couple

few years ago she suffered humiliation and a shocking married a few years ago. The girl, heartbroken

experience because of the betrayal of a man, and she because of the unhappiness of her home, this became a victim of her sins. Shocking as that expelast week visited an attorney and took the prelimrience was, she felt she was fortified against a repetiinary steps toward a divorce. She had sought to

invite her husband to have an interview with one of delivered From an address to the Brigham the Church leaders in her local community and elseUniversity studentYoung body.

902 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA With insight and understanding, Elder Lee answers the question: How

can I gain the strength to resist temptation?

one,"someone has said, "with a heart full of hate can find God."Just so, no one with lust in his heart can

experience a pure, fully sacred love. No one who

covets what belongs to another can be truly honest, and no one who is envious or jealous can enjoy the thrill of sacrificing for the welfare of others. But

to get the full meaning of that may I turn it about and say, no one who knows God can have a heart full of hate. No one can have a pure, sacred, holy

love and at the same time have an unholy lust in his heart. No truly honest person can covet what belongs

to another, and no one who has the thrill of doing things for others, unselfishly, can ever be envious or jealous of that other person.

The Apostle Paul said something which was in reality but a quotation from the Prophet Isaiah:

But as it is written, Eye liath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him.

(I Corinthians 2:9.)

by Elder Harold B. Lee, Sometimes that has been taken to mean blessings

of the Council of the Twelve hereafter, and too little thought has been given that those great and wonderful blessings which "... Eye

hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into where, but he had stedfastly refused, and now she the heart of man,..."(Idem) can apply to us here

came asking if I would meet with them. I invited her and now. And it is about some of those things and

to be at the stake conference where I was in attendthe following quotations from the Prophet Isaiah ance, and invited her husband to be there with her, that I would have you keep in mind as I relate some so that we could arrange a time when we could sit of these wonderful experiences and blessings which down together. They came up at the close of the we here can enjoy. This is what Isaiah said:

conference, where there had been a marvelous spirit. But now, O Lord, thou art our father; we are the

There with their arms entwined and with my arms clay, and thou our potter; and we all are the work of

about both of them, I heard them say, with tears thy hand. (Isaiah 64:8.)

streaming down their cheeks, "Brother Lee, after the I've read that many times but had not received the wonderful spirit that we have felt here in this confull significance until I was down in Mexico a few ference today, it is unlikely that we will need to have years ago at Telacapaca where the people feature the any further talk with you."molding of clay into various kinds of pottery. There

It's the comfort of that second incident that I want I saw them take lumps of clay which had been molded, you, my dear little girl of the first experience, to catch, usually by crude, primitive methods, the molder wadand having found that, you will have found in part ing in the mud to mix it properly. Then it was put

the realization of the strength for which you seek. "No upon a potter's wheel, and there the potter began to

DECEMBER 1957 903 fashion the intricate bits of pottery which he was to addressing my remarks, you and I must be refined; we

place on the market. And as we watched, we saw must be tested in order to prove the strength and

occasionally because of some defect in the mixing, the power which is in us.

necessity of pulling the whole lump of clay apart and Now, what are the blessings that are so great that throwing it back to be mixed over again, and some- "no eye hath seen nor ear heard"the magnitude theretimes the process had to be done several times before of? I'd like to give you just a handful, if I maythe proper kind of mud was mixed for the potter. five wonderful blessings that all who have been born

With that in mind, I thought I began to see the into this Church can enjoy and in part have enjoyed meaning of the scripture: We are as clay in the hands up to this time, and that all who come in as baptized

of the potter, and we are all the work of his hands. members of the Church through conversion may

Yes, we too have to be tried and tested by poverty, enjoy.

by sickness, by the death of loved ones, by temptation, The first endowment of spiritual power that each sometimes by the betrayal of supposed friends, by of you has, as do all who are born upon this earth, affluence and riches, by ease and luxury, by false eduis spoken of in the scriptures as the "... Light, which

cational ideas, and by the flattery of the world. A lighteth every man that cometh into the world."(John

father, explaining this matter to his son, said, 1:9.)

And to bring about his eternal purposes in the end This is what the Lord said in a revelation concernof man, after he had created our first parents, and ing this spirit:

the beasts of the field and the fowls of the air, and And the Spirit giveth light to every man that cometh in fine, all things tuhich are created, it must needs be into the world; and the Spirit enlighteneth every man

that there was an opposition; even the forbidden fruit through the world, that hearkeneth to the voice of

in opposition to the tree of life; the one being sweet the Spirit. (D& C 84:46.)

and the other bitter. (2 Nephi 2:15.) That means that wherever one lives, in whatever naYou remember the old prophet had said, tion he may have been born, no matter whether he be

For whom the Lord loveth he chasteneth, and in riches or in poverty, every soul who walks the earth scourgeth every son whom he receiveth. (Hebrews might have at birth an endowment of that first light

12:6.) which is called the light of Christ, the spirit of truth,

It was the Prophet Joseph who said, speaking of or the Spirit of God as it is sometimes referred to, that this refining process, that he was like a huge, rough universal light of intelligence with which every soul stone rolling down the mountainside, and the only is blessed.

polishing he got was when some rough corner came Mormon spoke of that spirit when he said, in contact with something else, all hell knocking off For behold, the Spirit of Christ is given to every a corner here and a corner there. But he said, "Thus man, that he may know good from evil; wherefore, I

will I become a polished shaft in the quiver of the show unto you the way to fudge; for every thing which

Almighty."inviteth to do good, and to persuade to believe in

So, to you, my dear girl, to whom I am particularly Christ, is sent forth by {Continued on page 948)

WINTER POND

by Jean Mergard

The pond is crystal now, Still others nick the slope

Where once the waves Toward the icelocked shoal.

Twisted and rolled like blue As blades meet glass, bright songs

And silver doves. Of exhilaration

On the luminescent shore, Blend with the wind on wings

Hard packed with snow, At this transition

Fresh goldtipped tongues of fire To the swift skimming over

Speak warm and gay. sleekness where,

Black figures crouch and leap, Short days ago, deep liquid rippled

Awkward on steel; there.

904 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Gifts and Giving

Thoughts for Your Inspirational Talk

Every good gift and every perfect gift is We open here our treasures and our gifts;

from above, and cometh down from the And some of it is gold,

Father of lights, with whom is no variableAnd some is frankincense, ness, neither shadow of turning. And some is myrrh;

—James 1:17, For some has come from plenty,

Some from joy, And some from deepest sorrow of the soul.

But thou, O God, dost know the gift is love,

If thou doest aught good, do it quickly; for Our pledge of peace, our promise of goodwill.

what is done quickly will be acceptable. Accept the gift and all the life we bring.

Favors slowly granted are unfavorably received.—Herbert H. Hines,

—Ausonius, Epigrams. Contemporary American.

What can I give Him Rings and jewels are not gifts, but apologies

Poor as I am? for gifts. The only gift is a portion of thyself.

If I were a shepherd,... Therefore the poet brings his poem; the

I would give him a lamb, shepherd, his lamb; the farmer, corn; the

If I were a Wise Man, miner, a gem; the sailor, coral and shells;

I would do my part,—the painter, his picture; the girl, a handkerBut what I can I give Him, chief of her own sewing.

Give my heart.—Emerson, Gifts.

-Christina G. Rossetti, 18301894.

The most acceptable gifts always are those

He gives too late who waits to be asked. which the giver makes precious.

—Henderson, Latin Proverbs.—Ovid, Heroidcs.

The greatest gift which God in his bounty Weigh not what thou givest, but what is in creating, congiven thee. bestowed most and the Howell,—James

formed to his and that which own goodness, Proverbs. English

he prizes the most, was the freedom of the will, with which the creatures that have into whom hath naught been given telligence, they and they alone, were and are Who gives endowed. His gift is need, though small indeed,

As is the grassblade's windblown seed,

Is large as earth and rich as heaven.

—Dante, Divine Comedy.—John Greenleaf Whittier.

DECEMBER 1957 905 CHRISTMAS in the HOLY LAND

by Alice Colton Smith

We drove through the winding canyons of the to the hearts of men, and of the manger wherein the

Judean hills toward Bethlehem. United States emChrist child lay to receive the gifts and adoration

ployees stationed in Israel, we were joining the of the lowly shepherds.

countless others on their way to spend Christmas Then, at the end of the steep road, on the top of

Eve in Bethlehem at Jesus'birthplace. As we began the mountain, was that city of unbrotherly love,

our journey, the lowering, stormpiled clouds seemed Jerusalem. Soldiers walked the streets. Houses,

as menacing as the constant threats of war hanging pockmarked and gutted by war, testified to an everover the land. smoldering hatred. An angry NoMan's-Land tore the

We had lived in Israel only six months. Like uncity in two, Arabs on one side, Jews on the other. We

numbered Jews and Christians, however, we were not grew silent in the face of such enmity.

strangers to this land. We had known it all our We had dreamed of this moment for months, this

lives. Our earliest memories were of its stories. Our hour when we would go up to Bethlehem to worship

earliest maps and pictures told about its troubles and in the town where Christ was born; not just read of

its heroes. In sermon and in story we had learned it; not just imagine it as we sang "O Little Town of

that in this valley Samson slew his thousand with the Bethlehem,"but actually to be there on Christmas jawbone of an ass, on that mountain the prophet Eve.

Samuel crowned Saul king of Israel, and that upon the At the border, a long line of cars waited to cross very highway over which we now traveled Pontius from the new Jerusalem of Israel into the old city of

Pilate had ridden to Jerusalem. Jerusalem in Jordan, which is built on the site of

The stories we had heard since childhood were Christ's city. Papers had to be filled out and permits

suddenly the histories of real people and real places. granted. Americans stationed in Israel were not parThe cries of both ancient and recent battles rang in ticularly welcome in Jordan. Jerusalem and Bethleour memory. Along the canyon road the twisted, hem, however, are such sacred cities that diplomatic

rusted wrecks of trucks were horrifying reminders pressure had persuaded Jordan to allow all Christians, of a recent war's cost and carnage. Since that war even those in Israel, to enter. at Christmas time.

between the Jews and the Arabs in 1948, the trucks As we settled down to wait a tedious hour for our had lain in mute protest along the way to Jerusalem. turn to cross the border, we remembered how remote

It was hard to forget them and to remember that a this "war"between Jew and Arab had seemed in our man named Jesus, in dusty clothes, hungry and Rocky Mountain college town of Logan, Utah. All

thirsty, had walked this way, hallowing these hills we could think of then was that we would be going with his presence. to the Holy Land, the Bible land, the land of Jesus.

We tried to remember only him and how long ago When the United States government asked my prohe had called men to the service of peace. Amid the fessor husband to take an assignment in Israel, we

reminders of war, we lifted our voices in familiar had not realized that at the end of thirtyseven flying

Christmas carols. We thought of Mary, the young hours we would be plunged into a world at war.

mother, of her newborn Son who was to bring peace True, there was an armistice, but there was no peace

906 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in the homeland of the Prince of peace. fear as they were pushed against the car by the force

Warm greetings from American friends, also waitof the dense crowd. We were not allowed to stop.

ing to visit Jordan, revived our holiday spirits. In a We drove as slowly as we could, panicked as we felt

moment we were talking joyously about how wonderthe bodies jostle against the moving car, praying that ful it was to be spending Christinas in Bethlehem. no one would be injured. We grieved that we should

We discussed, planned, and replanned our brief holigo so easily while others must wait so long.

day. We thought of all those who had so reverently With our entrance permits, we moved from the

traveled this way; those who had come in times of West into the East. The contrast was everywhere.

peace; those who had come with armies; the poor Men were dressed in western business suits, in long,

and the rich. voluminous robes, their heads covered with the colorSuddenly, the sight of a hooded guard and rifle ful, hoodlike kaffiyeh and egal; in anklelength gowns

in one of the shattered buildings of NoMan's-Land topped by coats from western business suits; in the

recalled us to reality. Abruptly, the gray day seemed huge baggy pants of the Middle East. Some men

oppressive. The damp promise of rain increased our were spotlessly clean, some were incredibly dirty.

discomfort. We could have wept. We loved the Women wore suits from Paris, dresses and coats

talented, vivacious, tempestuous Jew of Israel. We from America, traditional woolens from England; but

loved the talented, amiable, tempestuous Arab. Each many were of the past and wore the black shoes,

needed the other. Each had so much to give the thick black stockings, the black coat, and the envelopother. The Jewish learning, modern industry, oring black veil that permits no one to see their faces.

ganization, and skill could well complement the The women of the villages walked with uncovered

Arab's classical learning, traditional skills, arts, and faces in richly embroidered gowns, with long shawls design. covering their hair and with the grace and easy carAt last, our turn to cross came. We drove across riage a western model might envy. On their heads

the three hundred feet of NoMan's-Land to the they carried laden baskets as if they were hats with

Jordanian border station. Christian Arabs from Israel feathered plumes. Children followed us everywhere:

packed the space between the two border stations. children undernourished, children blue with cold, in

Families, loaded with bundles, drooped with fatigue. tattered clothes; some whose runny eyes foretold the

Children, miserable with the ordeal of protracted blindness the dread trachoma would bring. Medicine

waiting, cried and complained. Their elders anhas helped erase this scourge, but there is still much

swered irritably. Tempers flared with little provocato do.

tion. Many looked enviously at our American car The best hotels of Jerusalem lie outside the old

which allowed us swift passage and preferential city's ancient walls. Because Christmas is a big tourborder treatment. ist season, our Israeli connections made it impossible

As they cleared a path for our car, the Jordanian for us to secure lodgings in these hotels. Our hotel

guards were rough with Israeli Arabs waiting to cross was situated deep in the old city, a stone's throw from into Jordan. Children and women cried out with NoMan's-Land.

DECEMBER 1957 907 We entered the medieval city of Old Jerusalem through Damascus Gate. The streets were too narrow for cars, so we carried our bags for what seemed

miles through the tortuous, covered ways thronged with humanity and donkeys. A tattered but cheerful

urchin carried the luggage we could not handle. The

shops on each side emitted the blended odors of coffee, spices, vegetables, fruit, pastry, and meat.

Our hotel was ancient, cold, small, and uncomfortable. The lobby's potbellied stove furnished the

only heat in the entire building. As we entered, the

jam of Christmas pilgrims provided an unusual warmth. A babble of languages filled the air. The

Arab proprietor with a huge scar dividing his left cheek rushed in and out. The unexpected sight of

several US airmen linked us joyfully with home.

Upstairs, our unheated bedroom had one unshaded huddled while we bargained. As always, in accordelectric light bulb. The beds were without innerance with eastern hospitality, we were served somespring mattresses or coil springs. To keep warm we thing hot to drink.

not only asked for extra blankets but also used the Twilight came and was followed by foggy night.

The shops were closed. We returned to our hotel

to eat the strange, delicious food of the Middle East:

stuffed grape leaves, chicken with lemonflavored gravy, stuffed marrow, and pistachiofilled cookies flavored with rose water.

A drizzling rain was falling as we left Jerusalem and drove the narrow, steep, twisting road to Bethlehem. Before we had gone far, a great star flamed

in the darkness of approaching midnight. The electric

star of today's Bethlehem lighted our way across the barren, wet Judean hills past the fields "where shepherds watched their flocks by night"to the church now guarding the manger where Christ is believed to have been born. Again, we sang the carols in joyful anticipation.

Bethlehem, built on the mountaintop, its roads, sleeping bags we had brought. Our washbasin had steep, winding, and narrow, and its houses crowded

running cold water only. Each morning we were to the road's edge was quiet in the rainswept night.

brought one teapot of hot water in which the four Only the raucous voices of the taxicab drivers and the of us had to wash and my husband and son to shave. calls of the merchants whose shops line the street

We spent only the time necessary to sleep and eat opposite the Church of the Nativity disturbed the in our hotel. peace of Bethlehem.

Before we left for Bethlehem, which as in the time The old Crusadebuilt church, cleaned by the rain, of Jesus has little room for travelers, we shopped in was softly lit by many lamps. Stooping almost double

the cubbyhole stores where all the fabulous merchanto enter by its low door built to keep carousing horsedise of the East has been brought to tempt the tourist: men from riding in, we were hushed by the solemnity

great trays of brass, copper, and silver from Damascus, of the chapel. From each of its many chandeliers

Persian rugs from Iran, elegant gold and silver hung a huge, colored Christmas ball.

jewelry from Lebanon and Syria, linens embroidered Upstairs, outside the chapel, we stood for over an elaborately with gold thread from Tripoli, velvet hour before we could enter. Many persons in the

capes fashioned after those the Crusaders wore, crowd pushed and shoved for priority in line. Finally,

enameled vases from Kashmir, and carvings of olive the doors were opened. Arabs, Englishmen, Frenchwood cut in Jerusalem. The shops were cold, and the men, Scandinavians, Spaniards, Chinese, Abyssinians,

solicitous merchants brought lovely, small brass Americans—people from all over the earth crowded

braziers filled with glowing coals around which we into the church.

908 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Diplomats, resplendent in gold braid and red and were dazzled by this Christmas miracle.

purple velvet, entered in great solemnity. Common The unexpected turkey dinner awed us: cranberry

men and notables bowed their heads in allegiance to sauce, pickles, colossal American olives, and finally,

God. fruit cake—wonderful American fruit cake! Two men

We sat on narrow, uncomfortable benches without in United States Air Force uniforms approached our complaining, because this was Bethlehem. In this table, offering more cake. This wonderful Christmas

town, on this very spot perhaps, the Son of God had was then explained. Not the management but the US

been born. Air Force men stationed in Dharan in Saudi Arabia

Full of awe we watched the beautiful service. The were our Santa Claus. They had flown their Christbells pealed out the midnight hour. It was Christmas mas dinner with them to Jerusalem. Their generous

in Bethlehem, and Christ was born again in the hearts leftovers fed all the hotel guests.

of men. Drawn together by the delightfully unexpected

We drove back across the silent hills to Jerusalem. munificence, all the guests sang songs and were gay

We passed the Mount of Olives where Christ often together in a dozen languages. We discovered that

paused to sorrow over his city; passed the Garden joy makes gesture a universal language, and we were

of Gethsemane whose ancient olive trees, believed to merry until Christmas ended. Forgotten was the

be the very ones under which Jesus prayed, were now bitter history of Jerusalem when Nebuchadnezzar dark shadows on a darker hill; passed the nightcarried its inhabitants captive into Babylon; when

blurred walls of the ancient temple area; and came the Romans laid waste this city and tore its temple

at last to the city of his death and resurrection. down; and when the Crusaders fought every step of

Christmas day brought more rain, and no customary the way to this Holy City. Forgotten was the agony

Christmas tree, gaily wrapped packages, or friends of betrayal and death which Jesus suffered here; forwith Christmas greetings. Instead, we spent a long gotten was the present enmity between Arab and Jew

day visiting Samaria, Jacob's well, Emmaus, and whose guns and NoMan's-Land were a short halfother sites famed in biblical lore. block away. The uniform of the US Air Force, someWearied, we finally went back to the hotel with times a symbol of war, became for these hours an

lagging footsteps. As we opened the lobby door, we emblem of brotherhood drawing us all together to

paused. We couldn't believe our eyes. Streamers of worship in song the Child of Bethlehem. Men of

red and green Christmas paper twirled in the warm war and men of peace, we had all made the long air of the brightly lit lobby. Candy and nuts were journey to the Holy Land in his honor, and in his

heaped on the beautiful inlaid tables. Belgians, memory different customs, different languages, difAmerican, Frenchmen, Arabs—all the hotel guests ferent songs blended together in one joyful Christmas

were talking and laughing together like friends. We celebration.

CHRISTMAS

by Vesta Nickerson

Beside the winter hearth the fragrant fir

Bespeaks the passing of another year.

Upon each weighted bough the breathless stir

Of burning candle points the season's cheer.

Ribboned wreaths, the pendent mistletoe,

And eastern holly, sharp in unsheathed sprays,

Accent the turning cycle, clearly show

The rich inheritance of months and days.

The mind can trespass lightly over space,

The symbol flame and guiding star unite,

Or, disregarding time, in thought replace

The silver fir upon the mountain height.

Remembrance of His wondrous words and way

Keeps faith alive within our hearts today.

DECEMBER 1957 909 First of two parts The Dead Sea Scrolls and Their

Significance for Latterday Saints

by Dr. Sidney B. Sperry

Professor of Old Testament Languages and Literature

Brigham Young University

Few events have excited to them, an unknown writing—had they but known it,

Bible scholars and laymen a treasure far greater than any gold."1

alike more than the chance Muhammad and his friend proceeded to Bethlefinding of the Dead Sea hem, where they attempted to sell the scrolls. In a

Scrolls in 1947. The main few months time the Syrian Orthodox Monastery of

facts of the discovery are St. Mark in Jerusalem and Dr. E. L. Sukenik of the

now pretty well known, but Hebrew University had acquired the scrolls. The

it will not hurt to review Syrian Archbishop of Jerusalem, Athanasius Yeshue them. In the spring of 1947 Samuel, recognized that the script on the rolls in

a goatherd of the Ta'amireh possession of his monastery was Hebrew, but beyond tribe of Bedouins, Muthat fact neither he nor any of his colleagues knew hammad AdhDhib ("Muanything about the nature and significance of the hammad the Wolf") by documents. The archbishop consulted scholars, inname, while grazing his cluding the famous Dutch Professor J. van der Ploeg,

flock near the Wadi Qumran, an area northwest of of the University of Nijmegen, who happened to be the Dead Sea, came upon an ancient storehouse of in Jerusalem at the time. Professor van der Ploeg, on

Hebrew and Aramaic documents. All accounts of the seeing one of the documents, recognized it as a Hefind are by no means agreed in detail, but here is how brew copy of the book of Isaiah. He accordingly

Mr. C. Lankester Harding, Director of Antiques in the reported this interesting fact to one of his friends at

Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, describes it in The the Ecole Bibliqiie, a famous scholar in the field of

London Times of August 9, 1949: manuscripts, who told him that it was preposterous

"One of the goats strayed in search for better pasto suppose that genuine documents of such an early tures, and the goatherd, looking for it up the steep age as the Isaiah document appeared to be could rock hillside, chanced upon a small circular opening possibly exist. Professor van der Ploeg therefore

in a rock face. With pardonable curiosity he looked dropped the matter from his mind, but it was not

in cautiously, but could make out only a large dark long before he and his friend were to change their cavern; so he picked up a stone and threw it in—and opinions regarding the early date of the scrolls.

heard something crack and break. Nervously appreOn February 21, 1948, Father Butros Sowmy of the

hensive at the unexpected result of his effort, he withSyrian Monastery approached young Dr. John C.

drew, and returned later with a friend. Each made Trever, Acting Director of the American School of

brave by the presence of the other, they wriggled Oriental Research in Jerusalem, concerning the five through the small aperture into the cavern, and in the rolls. The next day he and his brother brought the

dim light could distinguish some large jars standing rolls to the American School and, inasmuch as no on the floor, one of them broken by the recently cameras were then available, permitted Dr. Trever

thrown stone. Fragments of others were lying all to copy some lines from the largest scroll. Father

around, but they quickly proceeded to examine the Sowmy explained that the rolls had originally been contents of the intact jars. found in a cave near the Dead Sea.

"Instead, however, of the expected golden treasure When his visitors departed, Dr. Trever quickly

they drew forth a number of leather rolls covered in, realized that the Hebrew characters from the roll he

910 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dr. Sperry and Dr.

Hugh Nibley of BYU examine photostats of the Dead Sea Scrolls.

The delicate unrolling completed, the scrolls are ready for study and transla-- tion.

See page 971 for footnotes.

DECEMBER 1957 911

J. had copied were from the book of Isaiah and were explored, but numerous other caves over a large area more archaic than any of the kind he had before seen. have also been investigated by Bedouins or experts

Accordingly, the next day he persuaded Archbishop or both. Large numbers of fragments of documents

Samuel to allow the rolls to be brought to the Amerihave been discovered. These caves have been syscan School and photographed. On February 23, the tematically numbered, the first one naturally being

project was begun; however, one of the rolls was so known as Cave 1 or 1Q (Q = Qumran).

badly damaged and difficult to unroll that work on I must mention an unusual discovery in Cave 3 of it was discontinued. It was observed that this roll two rolls of inscribed copper—not, as usual, of skin

was not written in Hebrew but in its sisterlanguage, or papyrus. One of the rolls consisted of two strips

Aramaic. of copper rolled together; apparently they were origThe plates were developed as soon as possible, and inally riveted together to form a metal sheet about

some prints from the Isaiah scroll were airmailed to eight feet long by one foot wide. Although the rolls

Dr. William F. Albright of Johns Hopkins University contained writing, it was difficult to decipher, since

in Baltimore. Dr. Albright, one of the greatest biblithe documents could not be unrolled because of the

cal archaeologists of our time, quickly responded by oxidation of the metal. Only early last year (1956)

airmail and said these now familiar words: did Professor H. Wright Baker of the Manchester

"My heartiest congratulations on the greatest manuCollege of Technology succeed—brilliantly, I may

script discovery of modern times! There is no doubt add—in opening the scrolls for decipherment. Only

in my mind that the script is more archaic than that about five percent of the text was destroyed in the of the Nash Papyrus.... I should prefer a date operation. When announcements were made in 1956

around 100 B.C.... What an absolutely incredible concerning the contents of the copper scrolls, it was

find! And there can happily not be the slightest doubt revealed that they contained traditions about the hidin the world about the genuineness of the manuscript."2 ing places of about sixty portions of treasure. The

When Dr. Millar Burrows, director of the American combined weight of the treasure, consisting of gold,

School, came back from a twoweek visit to Iraq near silver, incense, and the like, would, so the report the end of February, he immediately plunged into goes, amount to over two hundred tons, hidden mostly active study of the scrolls with his colleagues, Dr. in the neighborhood of Jerusalem. Parts of the

Trever and Dr. W. H. Brownlee. It was urgent that treasure are said to have been stowed away in places

the manuscripts be prepared for publication. Dr. as far distant as Mount Gerizim and Hebron (fifty

Burrows told Archbishop Samuel that in his judgment miles apart). Whether or not this is true is a matter

the Isaiah scroll was the oldest known manuscript of yet to be determined. I have not as yet heard of any

any book in our Bible. The archbishop was so imof the treasure being dug up.

pressed by Dr. Burrows'words that within a week he As excavation has proceeded in the caves, untold

had sent the scrolls to a safe place outside the conthousands of manuscript fragments have been refines of Palestine. covered. In Cave 4 alone, tens of thousands of these

In 1949 Archbishop Samuel arrived in this country fragments representing about 330 separate books with the five scrolls (later it was discovered that in have been retrieved. It is said that ninety of these

reality two of them were parts of one original scroll) books are parts of the Bible; in fact, every Old Testaand handed them over to the American School of ment book except Esther is represented in the finds.

Oriental Research, to be kept there for three years Apocryphal works, some hitherto unknown books, with a view to publication. And, indeed, three of commentaries and paraphrases, hymns, and religious

the scrolls were promptly published. The fourth documents having to do with some community are

roll still resisted attempts to unroll it. among the finds.

Finally, attempts were made to sell the scrolls, but To clean, unfold, and photograph all of these fraginstitutions hesitated to bid for them—possibly because ments is alone a monumental task, not to mention

of doubt as to legal ownership. On February 13, 1955, the problem of translating and piecing together the

it was announced that they had been purchased for parts which belong to one and the same document. A

the State of Israel, the stated price being two hunteam of eminent scholars is now engaged in this dred and fifty thousand dollars. In this way all of tedious work in the Palestine Archaeological Museum,

the scrolls were united under one ownership, Dr. E. in a long room known as the "Scrollery."A full re-

L. Sukenik having purchased the other scrolls for the port of their labors will come out gradually in a

Hebrew University, as was pointed out above. Israel's series of volumes, one of which, Discoveries in the

premier announced a proposal to build a special Judaean Desert, has already appeared (Clarendon museum to house the scrolls, which should be known Press, Oxford) under the editorship of the Catholic as the Shrine of the Book. Fathers D. Barthelemy and J. T. Milik.

Not only has the original cave of discovery been When were the manuscripts, especially those found

912 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in Cave 1, written? Opinions differ somewhat, and text of later times. I have not as yet had the opporsome of the documents must be dated earlier than tunity to work with the text of Isaiah B and so shall

others. Dr. Millar Burrows seems to think that various confine my discussion to the text of Isaiah A.

lines of investigation would place all of the manuThe text is for the most part very similar to the scripts within the historical period from about 300 traditional Hebrew text familiar to scholars, but with

BC to AD 68 or 70. One of the most important many differences in details more or less significant.

scrolls, the complete Isaiah document (Isaiah A), has When word of the discovery of this scroll got around, been dated between 175 and 100 BC; the Habakkuk scholars, not to mention many educated laymen, bescroll is placed between 100 BC and AD 25, while the gan to wonder whether or not it would resolve many

Rule of the Community scroll has been dated between of the literary problems that have been raised con125 and 100 BC. Of special interest to us is the fact cerning the text of Isaiah. Would the manuscript

that the complete scroll of Isaiah is about one thouprove, for example, that there were not two or more sand years older than any Hebrew text of a complete Isaiahs? Was there anything to the usual scholarly

Old Testament book known before the finds of the appellations "DeuteroIsaiah"and "TritoIsaiah"? And

Qumran community. Prior to the finding of this I was especially interested because of the light the

latest text of Isaiah, the oldest manuscript of the manuscript might be expected to throw on the probHebrew Old Testament whose date was positively lem of the text of Isaiah in the Book of Mormon. 3

known reached back only to AD 916. Now that the text has been published, the critics

Now let us examine the nature of the main manutell us that it reveals no more than we already knew.

scripts found at Qumran and observe their general However, I insist that it is up to the critics to prove importance to scholars and especially any points of the existence in the text of authors other than Isaiah significance to Latterday Saints. the son of Amoz, which they haven't done. Certainly

The first scroll to be published, and one that rethe text of Isaiah A and the Septuagint (Greek) text ceived unusual publicity, was the complete manugive no comfort to the critics, for these documents script of Isaiah. This was one of the documents contain no hint that authors other than Isaiah of the

which came into the hands of Archbishop Samuel of eighth century BC had anything to do with the text.

St. Mark's Monastery in Jerusalem. It is referred to When we have a manuscript as old as Isaiah A puras the Isaiah A scroll. Professor Sukenik of the ports to be, and as near to the time when the authors

Hebrew University, now deceased, acquired an inof DeuteroIsaiah and TritoIsaiah were supposed to complete copy of the text of Isaiah, now known as live, we could reasonably expect that the writer of the Isaiah B scroll. This manuscript consisted of the scroll would know something about them and

one large piece containing the text of Isaiah from betray it in his copying. But the scribe seems to know

chapter 38 to 66, with some gaps, and several smaller nothing about DeuteroIsaiah or TritoIsaiah and pieces containing parts of chapters 10, 13, 1930, and other supposed authors. And the scroll definitely

3540. The text of this incomplete manuscript of throws out the theories of certain critics that one

Isaiah is better written than that of Isaiah A and or two sections of Isaiah are to be dated in the age of agrees closely with the traditional Masoretic Hebrew the Maccabees, that is, (Continued on page 970)

QUEST

by Mary Lucretia Barker

This is the time for which I dreamed and worked

Through days of faith and trust, through empty years,

When'love was lit by storm, baptized in tears.

There lies the yoke whose weight I never shirked.

I once had visions of a path of peace,

A quiet resting place where burdens fell,

A calm hiatus from the waves that swell;

But now I know that struggle will not cease.

There must be striving to attain a goal,

There must be effort that will never halt,

The quest must be eternal for each fault

To be destroyed by man's immortal soul.

Beloved, you and I have shared great dreams,

And still beyond the ancient vigil gleams.

DECEMBER 1957 913 Respect for and support of Church leaders at all levels is incumbent upon Church members by direct counsel and admonition from the Lord. Said he,

"For he that receiveth my servants receiveth me;

"... and he that receiveth me receiveth my Father;

"... and he that receiveth my Father receiveth my

Father's kingdom."(D & C 84:3638.)

According to the gospel by the Apostle John the

Lord declared, "He that receiveth whomsoever I send receiveth me; and he that receiveth me receiveth him

that sent me."(John 13:20.)

The Savior in a revelation to his people of this dispensation gave this admonition: "I say unto you,

be one; and if ye are not one ye are not mine."(D & C

38:27.) The Apostle Paul writing to the Hebrew Saints counseled: "Remember them which have the rule over you, who have spoken unto you the word of God: whose

faith follow... and submit yourselves: for they watch

for your souls, as they that must give account, that they may do it with joy, and not with grief: for that

is unprofitable for you."(Heb. 13:7, 17.)

We must remember there is not a single officer in the Church who has selected himself for the position in which he serves; he has been called by a higher

authority and often responds at considerable personal sacrifice for a position he did not seek. His love for Authority the Lord and faith in the Lord's work, also the sincere interest the chosen leader has for the welfare of

by Delbert L. Stapley the souls of men, impels him to accept appointments

of the Council of the Twelve with devotion and true dedication.

Respect for the priesthood R. H. Roberts in a general conference of the Church

declared, "There should be respect for the Priesthood of God, and when I speak of respecting the Priesthood, I do not mean merely the President of the

Church nor the Apostles of the Church, nor the General Authorities of the Church. I mean them of

course; but I also mean all those who hold the PriestIn preparation for the next visit of hood. I bespeak respect for the presidents of stakes;

the ward teachers, it is hoped that for bishops of wards; and also for the priests, who

teach the Gospel at the firesides of the people. I

each family will read, as a part of bespeak for the humblest of God's servants, as well their family hour, this stirring artias for the highest; for it is all one authority; it all

comes from God."(John A. Widtsoe, Priesthood andcle. It is one of a series in which

Church Government, pp. 196197.)

General Authorities, in cooperation George Q. Cannon taught: "If we talk about the

with the Presiding Bishopric, discuss living oracles and want to pay respect to them, how shall we do this? Shall we do it by never reading

the monthly ward teaching topics. their words; by paying no attention to that which

Family Hour Discussion Topic

they say? That is a very poor way of doing. We beam that is in thine own eye?"(Matt. 7:3.)

ought to listen to their words. When we cannot hear Men cannot be good leaders without also being

their words, we should read them; for they are the good followers. The Apostle Paul counseled the

words of the authorized servants of God. I feel that Thessalonians, "And we beseech you, brethren, to

there is a great neglect among us in this respect."know them which labour among you, and are over

(Ibid., pp. 6364.) you in the Lord, and admonish you;

"... and to esteem them very highly in love for

Priesthood and righteousness their work's sake. And be at peace among yourHe who enjoys a position of leadership and authorselves."(I Thess. 5:1213.)

ity must by an exemplary life and good works and with In our day the Savior has revealed: "... verily I

love, kindness, and patience, earn the respect and say unto you, teach one another according to the honor of his people. President Joseph F. Smith gave office wherewith I have appointed you;

this wise counsel: "If you will honor the Holy Priest- "And let every man esteem his brother as himself,

hood in yourself first, you will honor it in those who and practise virtue and holiness before me."(D & C

preside over you, and those who administer in the 38:2324.)

various callings throughout the Church."(Joseph F. It is wrong to sit in judgment upon the presiding

Smith, Gospel Doctrine, 1928 edition, p. 207. ) He also'officers God has called through his appointed servexhorted that leaders should live so as to be worthy ants. It is our duty to pray for them, that they may

of the authority vested in them and worthy of the gifts have the faith, courage, strength, and desire to measthat have been bestowed upon them. He gave this ure fully up to their callings. We also have an oblifurther counsel: "I believe it to be the duty of the gation to sustain them by word and deed. President

Church to recognize and acknowledge every man who John Taylor taught responsibility in sustaining auholds an official position in it, in his sphere and in his thority in these words: "We hold up our right hand

calling. I hold to the doctrine that the duty of a when voting in token before God that we will sustain

teacher is as sacred as the duty of an apostle, in the those for whom we vote. And if we cannot feel to

sphere in which he is called to act, and that every sustain them, we ought not to hold up our hands member of the Church is as much in duty bound to because to do this would be to act the part of hypohonor the teacher who visits him in his home, as he crites. And the question naturally arises, how far

is to honor the office and counsel of the presiding shall we sustain them? Or in other words, how far

quorum of the Church. They all have the priesthood; are we at liberty to depart from this covenant which

they are all acting in their callings, and they are all we make before each other and before our God?

essential in their places because the Lord has apFor when we lift up our hands in this way, it is in pointed them and set them in his Church. We cantoken to God that we are sincere in what we do, and

not ignore them; or, if we do, the sin will be upon that we will sustain the parties we vote for.... How

our heads."(Ibid., p. 204.) far then should we sustain them, and how far should

President Smith further advised: "I do not think we not?... If we agree to do a thing and do not

it is my right or prerogative to point out the supdo it, we become covenant breakers and violators of posed defects of the Prophet Joseph Smith, or Brigham our obligations, which are, perhaps, as solemn and

Young, or any other of the leaders of the Church. binding as anything we (Continued on page 938)

Let the Lord God Almighty judge them and speak for or against them as it may seem to him good—but

not me; it is not for me, my brethren, to do this. Our

enemies may have taken advantage of us in times gone by, because of unwise things that we may have Elder Delbert Leon Stapley of the said. Some of us may now give to the world the Council of the Twelve, who

penned this soulstirring article, same opportunity to speak evil against us, because was sustained a member of the of that which we say, which should not be spoken Council at the October 1950 conference. At that time he was

at all."(Ibid., p. 223.) serving as president of one of

What we see amiss in others, we should not permit the Arizona stakes.

in ourselves. The Savior in his profound Sermon on

the Mount said: "And why beholdest thou the mote

that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the

DECEMBER 1957 915 NO ROOM AT THE INN by Frances Yost

NOTE: Down through the ages people have come come and free the Jews from bondage. It would be

to believe that the innkeeper at Bethlehem was a mean wonderful to be the hostess of the inn for the Prince and hateful person. Yet the Bible itself does not imply of Peace."Her scrubbing brush flew as with wings.

this, merely that there was no room at the inn. Today The big walnut door of the inn opened. Raham,

we do not consider every innkeeper who puts out the returning from the market, entered with fresh bones "no vacancy"sign as cruel and hateful. Perhaps it with which to make broth for the evening's tired

really happened like this: travelers. He also carried a rolled parchment in his

hand.

Sarid had never been so meticulous. Today she "It is news I have,"said Raham; then at sight of

had scrubbed and polished not only the tables and Sarid on bended knee scrubbing the large rough floor benches, but also the moldings and the casings. Now of the inn, a look of concern came over his counteshe was on her knees scrubbing the rough floor of nance. "Why do you wear your fingers to the bone,

the inn. When one is scrubbing, there is much time Sarid?"Raham asked kindly. "Caesar's legionnaires

for thinking. will neither see thy clean floor nor honor it. Wine

Only this morning while Raham was at the stable will flow freely; brawls will be common while they

gathering milk from the kine, Sarid had read from the drink and make merry. Save your strength, my wife,

holy writings of Isaiah a passage which was so beautifor the evening's work of waiting on tables, and lightful she had read it again and again. Now the words ing the upper chambers."

kept coming back as she cleaned and scoured: "For "What was the message on parchment, Raham?

unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and Surely Caesar will not raise the tax on the already

the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his burdened Israel!"Sarid lifted her weight from her

name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The arms and flourished the scrubbing brush as if shaking mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of it in Caesar's face.

Peace.""It is a message which commands me to reserve

"Ah,"said Sarid, "if only the Prince of Peace could food and shelter for thirty of Caesar's legionnaires,"

916 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Raham said. "I loathe having the inn full of these as swarming bees flitting hither and yon,"Sarid said.

Romans. If only a ruler of the Jews would rise up "Look at them come,"Raham replied, "men, women,

and free us from this Roman tyranny!"and children from all walks of life and from all

"Raham, it is written by the prophets that a Prince provinces. How glad I am that we are of the city of

of Peace will come. Who knows, he may come now David and need not seek taxation in a faroff city."

when Israel is under bondage and free us all. He "Yes, we are fortunate indeed, Raham. Perhaps

may even stop at our humble inn. My thoughts were among these moving people will come the Prince of

on this great prince; that is why I scrub the floor on Peace, the wonderful counselor, to rise up and free

bended knee."our people from Roman tyranny."

"By eventide the place will throng with Roman "Reading the scripture hast made thee a woman guards and tax assessors, and each one will think he of dreams."Raham said reprovingly. "Come, let us

is a prince,"Raham laughed. prepare ourselves lest travelers stop and find us sitting

"Raham, my beloved, it is not a Pilate or a Herod like beggars under a fig tree."

I speak of,"Sarid pleaded, her eyes like placid pools. The afternoon wore itself away; still weary travelers

"Scripture reveals that a lawful successor to the throne entered the gates of Bethlehem. Raham washed and

of Judah will come, a king of the Jews! The words anointed his beard and long hair with a cinnamon

are so beautiful I have committed them to memory, perfumed oil which Sarid had prepared for his anni- 'The government shall be upon his shoulder: and his versary gift. He washed his feet, put on his sandals

name shall be called the Prince of Peace!'and a brown homespun robe flecked with red; this,

"Sarid, is this a trick to get me to whitewash the too, the work of Sarid's hands. Raham was dressed to

front of the inn?"Raham asked. welcome his patrons. He hoped that his appearance

"Time passes too quickly to whitewash the inn toand the first impression of the inn would be that of day, but we can air the mats in the chambers and a modest, industrious innkeeper's establishment.

sprinkle new straw on the barn floor."Raham looked about the entrance hall. It was

"Ah, woman, now even our stable is not fit for clean. Sarid had dusted the cobwebs from the log

your dream prince's camels. The life of an innkeeper beams overhead. She had even cut curtains of parchis hard at best, but with a dirtchasing wife, there is ment to hang at the bare windows. Every table

no rest."Raham was teasing. He lifted Sarid from boasted a lamp and every lamp a clean wick and oil

the floor and, giving her a light tap with his hand, to feed it. Sarid had placed clean robes on the lounges

exclaimed, "Go to thy stew pots, woman. I shall about the walls. Many guests liked to lounge as they

finish this scrubbing though it will not be done with supped of their evening broth. Yes, Raham thought,

equal skill. Then I shall clean up the barn like a Sarid is a good wife.

good husbandman."Sarid entered the long entrance hall of the inn.

"And I shall help scatter straw with thee, Raham."Raham caught his breath at sight of her. No longer

As Sarid prepared the broth, she crooned a little overwas she a humble scrubwoman. Now she stood tall

ture from the Psalms. and slim of waist, wearing a black bodice, white

Later when the inn and surroundings were in order, blouse, and full green skirt. She had draped her hair

Raham and Sarid sat on a bench beneath the row of with a bright red scarf, pinning her dark tendrils fig trees at the entrance to the stable. It was a quiet, under, except for a stray curl or two about her face

secluded place, cool and pleasant, yet offering a conand forehead. He felt that no man had a more loving

venient view of the passersby and the front door of or more beautiful wife than his Sarid. He must try

the inn, should anyone seek lodging. to make this day easy for her. He stopped polishing

Together they watched the weary travelers wending the goblets and walked across to her.

their way into the city of David. Since the word of "Ah, Sarid, you look like a girl."

Caesar Augustus had been heralded in every kingdom Sarid's face took on an almost sacred appearance.

and province saying the people must report for taxa- "Tell me, has anyone come seeking shelter while I was tion, enrolment, and registration, men, women, and washing and dressing?"

children traveling on bare and sandled feet had passed "Not yet, but daylight is still with us,"Raham rethe inn. Others with moderate means traveled on plied. "Travelers on foot cannot stop while the sun

donkeys. Still others more fortunate traveled in camel is still high; it would make their travels too short.

caravans, wearing colorful cloaks while their women Yet wise is the traveler who seeks shelter before the hid their faces behind dark veils. All came to be owl hoots."

taxed, everyone into his own city, for a census under A rap sounded on the big walnut door. The hinges

Roman rule. squeaked as Raham pushed it open. "Welcome to

"Israel, our beloved people who are usually so conthe Inn of Raham,"he said, then stopped short, for tent to stay at home and tend the flocks, have become the sight before his eyes (Continued on page 944)

DECEMBER 1957 917 MIA Reading Course: Could he now be bothered by such a little thing as

Jesus the Christ—XVIII the blindness of one man? His followers must have

waited in breathless silence as Jesus asked that the man be brought to him.

With all haste, even casting aside his outer garment so he wouldn't be slowed down, the man rose and hurried to where Jesus was waiting.

"What wilt thou that I should do unto thee?"the

Lord asked.

Jesus Returns

to Jerusalem

by Doyle L. Green,

Managing Editor

"Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me!"

It was the voice of the blind man, Bartimeus, son of Timeus, crying out. From his place by the wayside

near one of the entrances to the city of Jericho down in the valley of the Jordan where he had been begging for alms, he had heard the assorted noises of a great multitude approaching. Asking who these people were

he was told that Jesus of Nazareth was passing by.

Although he was blind he had heard the stories of the many miracles this Man of Galilee had wrought.

He had been told of his healing the sick, raising the dead, and restoring sight to unfortunate men such as himself. Seemingly he had been waiting for just

such an opportunity as this so he could ask the Savior to heal him.

Since he feared that Jesus might not hear him, he had called out lustily. Many of the multitude commanded him to be still. But he was a man of great

faith and believed that the Lord could heal him too, and he would not be silenced. "... thou son of David,

have mercy on me,"he pleaded more loudly and vigorously than ever.

Hearing the plaintive cry of the man, Jesus stopped his trek and halted the great procession.

It was late March. Jesus was now but a day's

journey from Jerusalem. The time had come for him

voluntarily to lay down his life as part of the great plan developed before the world was made, to make it possible for all men to be resurrected. The massive

weight of the whole world hung heavily upon him.

See page 971 for footnotes.

'Christ's triumphant entrance into

Jerusalem"from a painting by Bernhard Ploekhorst

"Lord, that I might receive my sight,"the faithful Word that the Lord was passing through the land man pleaded simply. traveled fast, insomuch that great crowds of people

Without further hesitation or questioning Jesus said, gathered along the sides of the street to see him and "Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole."his followers as they went by.

Immediately the man was made to see, thus becomIn Jericho there was a man who had an especially ing, according to the record, the sixth sightless man great desire to see Jesus. His name was Zacchaeus.

to be thus blessed by the Lord. And when he was Jericho, which was located about fifteen miles northhealed, he followed the Savior and glorified God as east from Jerusalem, was known as the "city of palm

did "all the people, when they saw it."trees."Lying in a valley several hundred feet below

sea level and some five miles from the north end of the earth. They thought that this was the time which had

Dead Sea, it had a semitropical, though dry, climate. been spoken of by their prophets, when they would

At the time, it was a very important and fruitful area, be liberated from their hated enemies, and the glories requiring the services of a number of tax collectors of of the days of David and Solomon would return.

whom Zacchaeus was the chief. Jesus knew their feelings and did not want them to

We will remember that the Jews despised tax colbe disappointed when their expectations were not lectors, and even though Zacchaeus was wealthy, he realized. Again he tried to explain to them the nature

was accorded no special favors. Not having arrived of events to follow. In doing so, he told the story

in time to obtain a place on the front row, and being which we have come to know as the parable of the very short in stature, his view of the street was ten pounds. This parable concerned a nobleman who,

blocked. But, determined to see the Lord, he climbed before going into a far country "to receive for himself

up into a sycamore tree. a kingdom,"called his ten servants and gave to each

Picture the surprise of the assembled multitude, of them a sum of money, a pound, to keep until he yes, and even of the tax collector himself, when Jesus returned. He wasn't a very popular man with the

stopped near the tree and looking up into its branches citizens of his country, who sent word that they would said, "Zacchaeus, make haste, and come down; for tonot be subject to him. Upon returning he called his

day I must abide at thy house."servants to him to see how each had fared with the

Hastily descending, the publican escorted Jesus to pound he had been given. One of them through the

his house "and received him joyfully."His fellow proper use of his money had turned it into ten pounds

townspeople, however, who looked upon any tax coland because he had been so faithful, was made ruler lector as a "sinner,"were very disturbed, and murover ten cities. A second had gained five pounds and

mured against Jesus. But the Savior, as always, had was made ruler over five cities. A third returned only

purpose behind his actions, and had chosen his host the pound he was given: "For I feared thee,"he said,

well. So thoroughly was Zacchaeus converted to the "because thou art an austere man."

words of the Lord that he avowed: "Behold, Lord, "Out of thine own (Continued on page 936)

the half of my goods I give to the poor; and if I have

taken any thing from any man by false accusation,

I restore him fourfold."

It is easy to suppose that Zacchaeus had been unfair in some of his past dealings, but Jesus was convinced of his sincerity and knew he had truly repented. "This

day is salvation come to this house,"he said, "forsomuch as he also is a son of Abraham.

"For the Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost."

Why was such a great multitude following the

Savior and why was there so much interest in him along the way? It is true that many of the people

were making their annual trek to attend the Feast of the Passover, but the answer to this question seems mO*&*&i?>

to lie in the belief many had that Jesus was actually going to Jerusalem to establish his kingdom upon the

THE GIFTS

by Alice Thurston Always, always will my children remember Yet still in my heart and bright as an ember

With crystal delight, the month of December: Is the memory sweet of quiet September.

December, December, scarlet and white Quiet September, when the lamp's amber

When songs of the Christ Child were sung core through the night Revealed Mother sewing, building her store:

And Grandmother's voice, full of wonder and Gifts for the lonely, gifts for the poor, light, For her own large brood and the child at

Told the wondrous tale of the first Christmas the door.

night. Oh, always, always will I remember

Sweet are the memories, dear to remember The beginning of Christmas in quiet

Of the wonderful days of vivid December. September.

920 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Christinas, Christmas by Beverly Turley

The mere sound of Christmas brings joy to my I remember the Christmas of my first real watch.

heart! It brings the glow that only Christmas can The finest watch, set in dazzling diamonds, could not

bring. It brings warmth and cheer and gladness. It have been more gratefully received. It actually

brings gaiety, music, and mirth; it brings reunion with ticked! Oh, Christmas, Christmas!

cherished friends; it brings glitter and glamour to our I can still hear the sleighbells jingle as the sleighs

everyday household; it brings back the anticipation, passed over the frozen crusty snow; I can still feel

the fun, the thrill of my childhood as I remember past the warmth of the big old stove in the parlor as we

Christmases. children snuggled behind it, giggling and whispering

I remember the Christmas that I caught fire! In of Santa and presents and good things to eat; I can

those days we used candles to illuminate our trees, still see the beauty of our tree as it stood in the same and while they were a breathtaking sight to behold, corner year after year; I can still see the stocking I

they were dangerous. I lit the candles at the bottom used to borrow from my mother—the biggest, the

of the tree first and then leaned over them to light longest, the fattest one she had; it was always bulging

the top ones. My dress was soon blazing as brightly on Christmas morning with coconut balls with rich

as the tree. I had to be rolled quickly on the carpet creamy centers coated with chopped nuts, and the

to be put out! chocolate fudge that just melted away in my mouth—

I remember the Christmas of my last doll and the mmmmmmm. Oh, Christmas, Christmas!

sadness of knowing it was my last doll—much like I can remember those interminable hours dragging

the sadness a mother feels when she realizes she has by until we could open our presents!

had her last little baby to snuggle in her arms. I remember the wee (Continued on page 970)

DECEMBER 1957 921 C3CZ7C3a A Reading Christmas

A Joyous Christmas

A HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH FOR even for an adult—and the sure knowledge of the worth of Paul

YOUNG PEOPLE, George Q. Cannon will come to young people written in words of their own underDeseret Book Company, Salt Lake City. 1957. 236 pages. $1.75. standing, and with force and drama and assuredness.

The reprint of this book is of particular, value for young From the Preface we quote, "The scientifically controlled people, parents, and teachers who will rejoice that this biogvocabulary makes it possible for any person possessing fourth raphy will help instil in young folk a knowledge of the divine grade reading ability to read this book with ease. However,

calling of the Prophet. This volume is particularly basic to about 12 percent of the words are peculiar to the New Testayoung folk's understanding of the Church, since, in addition ment, which is a higher percentage than is found in the Book

to the biographical matter it contains, it also focuses on the of Mormon series, A Child's Story of the Pearl of Great Price, historical background in which the life of the Prophet was or Jesus of Nazareth."

Iived.-M. C. J. This is a book that should find its place, together with the

Neeleys'other volumes for young people, in every Latterday

THE LIFE OF NEPHI, George Q. Cannon Saint home where there are children.—M. C. J.

Deseret Book Company, Salt Lake City. 1957. 167 pages. $1.25.

IT'S Pictures TO LIVE AT FUN HOUSE, HAPPY & rhymes

President states in Cannon his preface, "I felt that, have as K. hy Vera Gohman

I owe success so much in life to the own of my important and Press, Warner Anderson, Indiana. cents. 1957. 75

interesting lessons in contained that precious record (the Book the this little For young picture will book bring joy into the of Mormon), a it was all duty to incumbent in upon do me of happy living—casually way those mentioning things which

it to power have read appreciatedmy as and as possible widely are essential in building C. J. a home.—M.

every ofby the Church, especially member rising the generation."Therefore he wrote the biography of Nephi. This THE BOOK OF GOD, Adventures from the Old Testament,

biography is written in easyto-read language and will prove April Oursler Armstrong both enjoyable and stimulating to young people.—M. C. /. Illustrated. Garden City Books, Garden City, New York.

447 pages. $4.95.

ABOUT BAPTISM, Emma Marr Petersen This book deals with Old Testament stories and becomes

Bookcraft, Salt Lake City. 1957. Illustrated. 70 pages. $1.50. a companion volume to this author's Stories from the Life of

Enhanced with two color illustrations, the adventure stories Jesus. The book is wellwritten and will be a delight for young

of a young orphan boy from Denmark who comes to the United people to read for themselves to learn of God's love for and

States unfold the story of baptism as practised by the Church. concern about man.—M. C. J.

The author skilfully weaves sound gospel doctrine into this THE PROUD CIRCUS HORSE, Written and Illustrated by adventure in such an adroit manner that it is easily understood Reiner Zimnik and readily accepted by young people.—R. S. II. Panteon Books, New York. 1957. 232 pages. $2.75.

The story of a white horse that ran away because he was

LDS STORIES OF FAITH AND COURAGE, Compiled by so sure of himself may serve to teach an indirect lesson to

Preston Nibley youngsters who at times run away—or desire to.—M. C. J.

Bookcraft, Salt Lake City, Utah. 1957. 220 pages. $2.25.

Ruth S. Gray AGO, STORIES OF LONG old alike Young and love a stories good story—and with Illustrated. Press, Warner Anderson, Indiana. 1957.morals with teach effectiveness. unequaled faithpro- These

This will small interest in book people young of the somemoting adventures build courage, stability, integrity, stories. It is easily and reOld Testament legibly handled printed andsourcefulness the in youth of the Church.—R. S. H.

so that the people it for read young can C. J. themselves.—M. *

PAUL OF TARSUS, Beta Petersen Neeley and Nathan Glen JUDY'S SURPRISING DAY, Sally Scott

Neeley Deseret News Press, Salt Lake City, Utah. 151 pages. $2.00. Illustrated.York. 1957. Harcourt,$2.25. Brace and Company, New York 17, New

This book, the second in A Child's Story of the New TestaWith an unerring insight into family life—its difficulties and

ment (the first is Jesus of Nazareth) is a joyous one to read—its pleasures—and with lively humor, Mrs. Scott has written

922 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a story that small children will want to read again and again. BROOMS, BUTTONS AND BEAUX, Emily R. Dow

-E. J. M. M. Barrows & Co., New York. 1957. 189 pages. $2.25.

it"for talk teenagers. Plain to This is a book do "how Sally ScottTHE BRAND NEW KITTEN,

girl for children, to care house, everything a help keep

Illustrated. Brace and Company, Hatcourt, New York 17, New about

is entertain, This wellgroomed. popular and book and be 1956. $2.25.York.

Peggy wanted more than anything to accept Mrs. Barton's crammed full of facts, clearly indexed—better than having an

offer of a brand new kitten, but Old Eb, the mean "ratadult on tap for advice.—/. H. Z.

catcher,"was jealous of all Peggy's friends, so what would he do to a tiny helpless kitten? How Peggy works out her probTHE SWEET PATOOTIE DOLL, Mary Calhoun

lem is charmingly told by Sally Scott.—E. J. M. William Morrow & Co., New York. 1957. 32 pages. $2.75

Lucy made the Sweet Patootie Doll from a sweet potato, a

JENNY, Jean Poindexter Colby yellow handkerchief, and a bit of wool. She loved her doll

Illustrated. Hastings House, Publishers, New York 22, New very much, but one day she left her lying on a stump. The

York. 1957. $2.50. animals and even Old Houn'Dog found the Sweet Patootie

Jenny was an extraordinary dog. She took over the job of Doll and planned to eat her for dinner, but the doll wasn't

guarding the two younger children of the Clark's as well as worried. She knew what she was for, and it wasn't for eating.

entertaining the whole family with her many tricks.—E. /. M. -/. H. Z.

THE PEWTER PLATE, Florence Parker Simister LEAPER, The Story of an Atlantic Salmon, Robert M. McClung

Illustrated. Hastings House, Publishers, New York 22, New William Morrow & Co., New York. 1957. 64 pages. $2.25

York. 1975. $2.75. The life story of a salmon from the time he hatches from a

Life in Rhode Island during the Revolutionary War was pale pink egg in a quiet pool in a small stream until he returns hard. Food was scarce; towns were raided and occupied by to that same pool years later to spawn, after many perils

the British; and pewter dishes were taken from the shelves and adventures in the stream and the vast sea.—/. H. Z.

to be melted down for bullets.

Hannah Williams, aged 10, refused to give her pewter plate away. She didn't realize how selfish this act was until her MICE, AT HOME AND AFIELD, Olive L. Earle

brother was wounded in battle. How she made up for keeping William Morrow & Co., Neiv York. 1957. 64 pages. $2.25.

the pewter plate is the story of this book.—E. J. M. There are many kinds of mice in the world, a few destructive,

some beneficial, but all interesting. This book tells about their

CHEROKEE BOY, Alexander Key nests, their habits, their enemies, their physical features.

The Westminster Press, Philadelphia. 1957. 176 pages. $2.75. -/. H. Z.

Tsiya, fifteen years old, returns home from a hurried trip to the Secret Place in the mountains to consult with Utsala, THE WISHING BOOK DOLL, Gwendolyn Bowers the wise man of his people. He finds the soldiers already William Morrow & Co., New York. Illustrated. 1957. 64 pages.

there with orders to remove all Cherokees so white settlers $2.25.

can have their rich farm land. After a wait in an open stockToday Nicole was eight years old. More than anything she

Trail of Tears, dotted west, the the longade, they begin march dress frilly pink blue doll with the eyes and the talking eswanted others four Tsiya graves of the dead. Withwith many catalog). six white Could (mail order in the Wishing Book

his sets obstacles despite as winter makes in andcapes many three ladies all seen on the same day get redhaired horses and

II. Z. Secret Place.—/. miles to the the five hundred backway her?—/. for H. Z. her wish

BROTHER AGAINST BROTHER, Selected by Phyllis R.

Fenner THE RAINBOW BOOK OF NATURE, Donald Culross Peattie

William Morrow & Co., New York. 1957. 192 pages. $3.00. Illustrated. World Publishing Co., Cleveland and New York.

These are stories of courageous men—and boys and women—1957. 320 pages. $4.95.

who were involved in the great Civil War. The war touched The name of this author insures delight and magic in the

their lives in various ways, and their reactions make interesting unfoldment of the world in which we live. He has long acstories. Authors include Carl Sandburg, MacKinlay Kantor, complished this magic for adults; now he has introduced young

Walter D. Edmonds, and Stephen Vincent Benet.—/. H. Z. people to the vibrance of his interests. Of course, most parents will treasure this book for themselves and will let their

INSECT ENGINEERS, Ruth Bartlett children handle it on rare occasions. This is a book to live

William Morrow & Co., New York. 1957. 128 pages. $2.75. with and to use to create a new awareness of the world about

All about ants, how they build their homes, raise their own us.-M. C. /.

food, care for the babies. The queen is the mother of the

city. The workers feed and care for her and her many babies.

-J. H. Z. ROBERT E, Florence Musgrave Hastings House, Publishers, New York. 1957. $2.75.

THE OUTSIDE CAT, Jane Thayer Robert E is an appealing story for boys and girls of the

Illustrated. William Morrow & Co., New York. 1957. 32 pages. upper elementary grades.

$2.95. Robert E was named after the great general, Robert E. Lee.

Samuel was the outside cat, but he wanted to be an inside Whether living up to the name made him such a scrapper, nocat. The door opened for the postman, the laundryman, and body knew. And scrapping was all right, of course, in the

the inside cat, but never for Samuel. Then he got inside only easygoing life with his grandfather; but when his mother apto find that everyone else had left and he couldn't get outside peared and moved them both to the city, things began to

again. But it all turned out well in the end.—/. H. Z. happen.—E. J. M. ( Concluded on page 961

DECEMBER 1957 923 Leadership Development Operation Andrew by Sterling W. Sill

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

At the very beginning of the Savior's ministry, corral on a "flock"basis. There must be many indiJohn the Baptist was at Bethabara beyond Jordan, and vidual trips out into the mountains to visit those with

when he saw Jesus he said, "Behold the Lamb of a tendency to stray away.

God, which taketh away the sin of the world."Two

of John's disciples heard him and followed Jesus. One Inspiration is usually borrowed

of the two was Andrew, Simon Peter's brother. As Most of the inspiration that activates any life is

soon as Andrew had satisfied himself about the divine usually borrowed from someone else. And the most

mission of Jesus, he hurried to tell Peter, and the receffective way to influence human beings for good ord says of Andrew, "He first findeth his own brother, is on a personal, individual, faceto-face basis. The

Simon, and saith unto him, We have found the sick patient feels better after a visit from the doctor.

Messias,... And he brought him unto Jesus."(See The mentally ill can be cured by the psychiatrist withJohn 1:2942.) out medicine or surgery, if the practitioner is skilled

We are familiar with the tremendous impact that in the science of human understanding.

Jesus had upon the life of Simon Peter and with the In the Church we frequently refer to our privilege great work which Peter subsequently did. But Peter to receive inspiration. We do not always remember

didn't find Jesus by himself. He was brought to Jesus the importance of our privilege to give inspiration. A

by his brother, and someone has called this process of great personality can exercise a creative, vitalizing, discovery and contact, "Operation Andrew."It inregenerating power in the lives of others; in fact,

dicates one of the most important areas for leadership ability in this area is the foundation of almost all sucdevelopment. There are many people who may never cess in business, law, medicine, social work, spiritual

have found themselves nor their places in the world, activities, and a big proportion of the whole field of if others had not been their discoverers. human relations depends upon it. Almost every activity flourishes under its touch and withers when it

Influenced by contacts with others is discontinued.

One of the most important ideas that every Church In the Church, skill in personal, individual relationleader should impress upon his own mind is the treships is the foundation of conversion, training, supermendous influence that one personality may have upon vision, and motivation. All personal welfare work

another. We are not only our brother's keeper; we are depends upon it, and it is the very heart of our pubalso responsible for his discovery and progress. lic relations. Some call this process "the missionary

The influence of individual, personal attention can approach"; others call it just "personal work."For

produce one of the strongest powers known in the this occasion, I would like to call it "Operation Anworld. Many lives besides Peter's have been greatly drew,"to help me to remember that this was the way

changed by it. This individual work was the basis the chief apostle was brought to know the Lord. It

of one of the most instructive of the teachings of Jesus. may also help us to remember the great power that

In the parable of the lost sheep, Jesus pointed out with we have to influence others for good in the same way.

obvious common sense that a good shepherd should A little individual attention at the right time can give each of his flock his individual, personal attenwork wonders. Sometimes entire lives are changed

tion; that is, all of the work cannot be done in the by the smallest circumstances, and probably every

924 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA total of one minute, but something wonderful hapThere are many people penedinterest.to meI decidedin that period,right thenas I thatfelt hissomedaywarm, spiritualI would

who may never have found likeI felttoinrepresenthim. in my life some of the qualities that

themselves nor their place A similar experience has been had by everyone.

Consciously or unconsciously we are influenced every in the world, if others had day by our contacts with others. Thomas Curtis

Clark has written up our common experience as folnot been their discoverers. lows:

7 saw him once: he stood a moment there,

He spoke a word that laid his spirit bare;

He clasped my hand, then passed beyond my kenperson owes much of his success, just as Peter did, to But what I was, I shall not be again.

the friendly assistance of someone else. One great

man was once asked the secret of his radiant, useful One of our greatest opportunities for leadership life, and he replied, "I had a friend."development is to learn to use this great power more

When I was seven years old, we had a kindly ward often and more effectively. The parable recommended

teacher who used to come and talk with our family so strongly by Jesus said something about leaving the about the principles of the gospel. I suppose that in ninetyand-nine to help the one that was lost. If we

one way, every human spirit is "radioactive."There were to bring this parable up to date statistically,

is something that we might call "spiritual fallout"that and apply it to our own Church work, we might find we get in the presence of a great man. The woman that there were only forty in the sheepfold each Sunin the crowd received virtue from touching the garday morning and sixty in need of our special attention.

ment of Jesus. That is the way I felt about being in When Jesus said over and over to Peter, "Feed my

the presence of our ward teacher. Even at age seven, sheep,"he certainly did not mean to feed just those

I could feel the spiritual radiations that came from that were safe in the sheepfold where the feeding this humble, devoted servant of the Lord, and I could could be done on a mass basis. One of the greatest

feel the response in my own heart which even then opportunities to feed the flock of Jesus is to do the

I was aware was helping to give my life its direction. "outside work"with those who don't show up very

One of the greatest of my experiences came one often at the corral. We need to learn our way around

Sunday when I was ten and met the stake president. in the mountains a little better.

I just happened to get in the aisle at the right time, We sometimes practise too much of the "verbal and he stopped and shook my hand and asked me Christianity"spoken of by James, where we merely what my name was. Then he asked me what my say in substance, "Be ye warmed and filled"and let

father's, name was, and he told me that he knew my it go at that. The organization known as Alcoholics

father. I suppose that this interview lasted for a Anonymous can teach (Continued on page 954)

DECEMBER 1957 925 Missionary Helps The Scriptural Formula

by Gordon T. Allied, Staff Writer

the face of such disagreement, inat attemptsA question for the Christian terpretationIn seem absurd people. to many Even

world: What is it that distinmoreary who,absurd,oftento some,withoutis theworldlyyoungwisdomMormonor missionsecular

guishes the valid scriptural intertoo,training,claimsstridesthe correctinto theinterpretation.scriptural thicket. For he,

pretation from the private one? lineCuriously,of tradition,however,or specialhe pretendstranslation.to no Hescholarship,does not

imply that such things are unimportant but says that

Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the scripture they are not enough. He does not suggest that his

is of any private interpretation. (II Pet. 1:20.) understanding of God's word is superior simply beIn a Christian world of some 250 conflicting sects, cause he is a Latterday Saint. For him, to claim

each with its learned theologians, each with its superior interpretation through any earthly means scholars—one question appears persistently: What would be futile and ridiculous. He would then be

distinguishes the valid scriptural interpretation from placing himself and his church on the same level the private one? with every other sect of Christendom.

Most Bible students agree that some of the scripHe represents an organization which has asked tures have lost their original clarity. This they atsome telling questions: "Who correctly interpreted the

first recorded? Who cortribute to various factors, including errors in translascriptures when they were

tion, alteration and deletion of passages by uninspired rectly interpreted the Old Testament in Christ's time?

men, and changes in the language itself. What was the key?"Such queries bring an inevitable

Bible students generally agree that scriptural underconclusion: The only men with a key to the scriptures

standing may be enhanced by studying Biblical were the men through whom those scriptures came—

history, analyzing scriptures in their context, by learnthe prophets of God.

ing Greek and Hebrew. None of them agree, howSimply stated, a good deal of our Bible scripture is

ever, on whose scriptural interpretation is valid and the recorded word of God, spoken through his prophwhose is private. ets. Whenever these divine words are altered by

The Jehovah's Witness argues that his interpretamortal tampering, God himself must clarify them through his prophets.tion is valid because he has a Bible translation "from

the original Greek,"* or even because he carries a Peter's statement regarding interpretation bears this its full context: "Knowing this first,variety of translations. The Catholic priest claims out, when read in

tradition, the "infallibility of the pope,"and years of that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private personal study. Likewise, the Jewish rabbi claims interpretation. For the prophecy came not in old

erudite scholarship as the key to Old Testament untime by the will of man: but holy men of God spake

derstanding. as they were moved by the Holy Ghost."(II Peter

In addition, everyone is egocentric to an extent. 1:21. Italics author's.)

Somehow almost every religion, by the very virtue of Scholarship not the key its existence, by the sole fact that it is what it is, claims to have the best interpretation. It is evident then, that the scriptures themselves set

Many a Bible student can recite Peter's declaration forth the formula for their own interpretation.

that, "no prophecy of the scripture is of any private If scholarship were the key, why did the Jewish interpretation."And, it is so very natural, so human savants, two thousand years ago, reject the very

to maintain, "My interpretation is correct because... Christ of whom their scriptures foretold? Why would

I am who I am. Your interpretation is private, false."they have committed such an error as to have accepted the Old Testament predictions of his second

available. *No one actually has the original Greek—merely the earliest records coming as a mighty king, but have overlooked or mis926 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The roll of the Law: Pales

interpreted the predictions regarding his first coming as a lowly Lamb?

Obviously, scholarship was not the key; neither was

tradition or ancient scriptural record. The Jews had

all these. With all their worldly acumen they lacked

the essential ingredient—revelation—continual word

from God.

Only by revelation could the unlettered fisherman of Galilee have interpreted Old Testament scriptures, on the day of Pentecost, in such a manner as to convert the multitude of unbelievers.

Only by revelation could he have cited Joel to explain the manifestation of tongues—the phenomenal

fact that his own words were understandable to each of the nationalities assembled on that day:

And they were all amazed, and were in doubt, saijing one to another, What meaneth this?

Others mocking said, These men are full of new wine.

But Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice, and said unto them, Ye men of Judaea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto you, and hearken to my words:

For these are not drunken, as ye suppose, seeing it is but the third hour of the day.

But this is that which was spoken by the prophet During the four hundred years that elapsed between,

Joel: the Old and New Testament prophets, scriptures once

And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, clear had become ambiguous. Scholars had taken the

I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh: and your helm and prophets had disappeared.

If four hundred years so obscured the Old Testament sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your that its readers could not even recognize the Christ of young men shall see visions, and your old men shall whom it prophesied, what will nineteen hundred years dream dreams:... (Acts 2:1217.) have done to the New Testament?

Similarly, Paul interpreted the Psalms, to convert Since prophets were necessary to clarify the Old Testathe residents of Antioch: ment during Christ's first advent, should they not also

And we declare unto you glad tidings, how that the bementsnecessarybefore toChrist'sclarifysecondboth theadvent?Old andHaveNewthe Testascrip-

promise which was made unto the fathers, tures since Christ's birth become less subject to confusion

God hath fulfilled the same unto us their children, than they were before? The confusion of Christendom

in that he hath raised up Jesus again; as it is also writdenies it.

ten in the second psalm, Thou art my Son, this day have I begotten thee.

And as concerning that he raised him up from the dead, now no more to return to corruption, he said on this wise, I will give you the sure mercies of David.

Wherefore he saith also in another psalm, Thou shalt not suffer thine Holy One to see corruption.

For David, after he {Continued on page 942)

DECEMBER 1957 927 To Be a King by Hugh J. Cannon, a Former Editor of the Era.

SYNOPSIS his resignation. He will not and cannot deny the divinity of

the Nazarene. this, a Only few days after he close with a meets David, a descendant of Hyrcanus, John the founder of the Elihu, the venerable and old to seems determined man monarchy,Jewish to is a pretender the throne held now by friend,rescue his David from obsession. dangerous David's return new Antipas. as feelsHerod Just is David the throne truly within

his grasp, however, a grave problem arises. David has ento Jericho from Jerusalem is followed by an attempt on his

countered a Nazarene carpenter, whom he believes is the life. With the aid of his stalwart servant, Hassan, David overpromised Messiah. But none of his associates, including his whelms the wouldbe assassins and discovers one of them to

inamorata, Ruth, agree with him, and already trouble is brewing. be Gideon, acting as Zebulon's henchman. Gideon, however,

During a turbulent council meeting in Jerusalem, David has penitent, promises to provide David information concerning come to blows with his archenemy, Zebulon, and has tendered plots against the Nazarene.

Part IX

One day, as David was returning from a solitary reconciled a great many things.

walk, a letter was handed to him by Elihu. The old "Father Elihu, rejoice with us,"exclaimed David,

man's face was suffused with smiles. The letter was "for in spite of all that has occurred Ruth consents to

from Ruth. marry me."

"My Beloved, Elihu took the girl in his arms and kissed her "Will you pardon my boldness in addressing you tenderly. "I have known for a long time that she

thus after all that has occurred? But verily you must would,"he beamed. "When does the marriage take

always be beloved by me whether you relent suffiplace?"

ciently to forgive me or not. Can you come to my "Immediately—that is, within two weeks."

home this evening? Constantly since we parted my "Splendid; you are acting wisely in hastening it!"

heart has pleaded with me to send for you. At last Suddenly the old man grew solemn. "There is some-

I am prepared to share with you what appears now thing which you should know, David. You cannot

to be disgrace, as I was to share honor. Father Elihu comprehend the hatred which is entertained for the

and I discuss you constantly. He has been true and Nazarene. There are those who would gladly kill

loyal even when I, who should have been the last to him and even now are planning to bring about his waver in devotion, was resentful and judged you death."

harshly. Can I ever be forgiven? "Planning to kill him!"exclaimed David, paling.

"David, I do not understand your feelings nor what "How can they consider such a thing?"

impels you forward in this strange course, but I do "Is it nothing that he calls us a generation of vipers?

believe in you and trust and love you."Besides, he recently caused a great disturbance in the

temple at Jerusalem and gave unpardonable offense

As David finished reading, Elihu said, "David, you to many. But no matter. Personally, I have no

are heavenblessed. Only once in my life have I venom in my heart against him."

known a woman Ruth's equal. You must hasten to "You alarm me greatly. Is his danger imminent?"

her."Then followed a debate between the two men.

"Yes, I must. I am overcome with joy. Will you Fearful for the Nazarene's safety, David seemed bent

go with me?"on leaving straightway for Jerusalem. Simultaneously,

"Most certainly not. I would only be in the way. he felt his immediate obligations to Ruth—to their

But perhaps I shall call by for a moment before the marriage. Indeed, as Elihu averred, it was possible

evening is over."that Ruth herself might be in danger now that she

With heart beating tumultuously and sensations had courageously cast her lot with David once more.

that were almost overpowering, David approached "How is one to decide between two equally inRuth's home. The happiness in her face as she rushed sistent duties?"the young man exclaimed.

to meet him would have brought about a reconcilia- "There is no conflict,"interposed Elihu. "Your

tion had it not already been effected. duty is here. If you are under obligations to this man,

"David, I feared I had lost you forever,"the girl I can discharge them better than you. Some of those

said when she had partially regained her composure. whose names have been mentioned as plotting against

"Forgive me for my disloyalty,"she sobbed, "in the him are my friends and will be reasonably frank with hour of your greatest need."me, whereas you, being a believer, would defeat yourHolding her close, he replied, "You must not ask self. Besides, I have in mind your own safety."

forgiveness; you have heard evil and nothing else of "I must have a better reason than fear for remainhim in whom I so profoundly believe."ing here."

"That matters not,"replied Ruth. "Unless a woman "Wisdom and duty, not fear, must detain you. If

has confidence enough in a man to follow him, she danger actually is impending, it completely refutes should never consider him as a husband."your belief in him, for if by any possibility he is what

Taking her hand firmly in his own, David said, you suppose, no mortal aid in his behalf will be re- "Let us walk."Silently, as though there was too much quired. The Messiah could call down fire from heaven

to be said, the two of them strolled into the garden. to consume his enemies."

By the time Elihu called later in the evening, they had Ruth added her arguments and entreaties to Elihu's

DECEMBER 1957 929 reasoning. upon the Nazarene had never been made? Of course,

"Your words are plausible,"said David, "but do not he told himself, he would have remained a happy, carry complete conviction. If serious danger threatens carefree man, in comparison, honored and praised by

this man whom I have acknowledged as the Messiah, his fellows. One fiveminute conversation had cost

I should exert myself to avert it."him a kingdom and changed the whole course of his

"Now, my boy,"Elihu said decisively, "this is my life. And now, it had changed the course of Ruth's

final word on the subject. You would be committing life, subjected her to a tremendous sacrifice.

a gross wrong to leave Ruth alone at this time in Still... he rejoiced that his path had crossed that

order to assist a man who is above danger if he is of the Savior.

the Messiah, and deserving of severe punishment if an He was recalled to the present by Ruth's gentle impostor. Whatever he may be, I pledge myself to voice.

extend to him all possible aid. Shall I undertake it "Father Elihu should be here tonight."

or will you go alone in your own blind, impulsive "Yes, and he will not disappoint us. Perhaps that

way?"is he coming now."

"My dear old friend, I know you express the conBut instead of Elihu, Haran and Martha appeared.

victions of your heart, and I no longer resist. You go, The girl's lips were trembling, but the tears which

then, with the promise to keep me informed."she vainly tried to repress did not lessen the resolu-

"In view of your impatience,"Elihu said, "I shall tion shining in her eyes. She made a heroic effort to

be off immediately for Jerusalem, where the Nazarene greet her friends in the usual manner, but the inward is reported to be."tumult was too strong, and she threw herself into

"You will be back for the wedding?"Ruth asked. Ruth's arms and sobbed bitterly.

"It will not be the elaborate affair we formerly "Why, Martha, what is the matter?"

planned, but it would be most incomplete if for any "It has come to an issue in our home. Father dereason you should fail to be present."mands that I choose between my parents and my

"Then trust me to make it as complete as possible."belief, and I have followed David's example by choosHe embraced her again, and there were tears in ing according to my conscience. Father drove me

the kindly old eyes. "I hope you are happy, my forth. I am penniless and homeless."

daughter.""She need not remain so,"Haran made haste to

"Very happy, though still much troubled."explain. "I am urging her to marry me at once and

"Between us we must take this young man in hand come to my home."

and train him to our liking! Now, David, the dawn "Uncle Nicodemus rebuked Father for his harshness

is almost here. I have much to discuss with you and and invited me to live with him; but Haran and I

will gladly accept your hospitality. Say farewell to understand and love each other and now have so

Ruth and let us be on our way."much in common that...."

It was only tw7o days before their marriage date David and Ruth joined Haran in urging her to conthat David and Ruth sat together on the broad roof sent, and a hearty invitation was extended for her to of her home. There, in the twilight, they discussed remain with Ruth until she could go with her husband

for the hundredth time their hopes for the future. to her own home.

For a while they sat pensive, watching light fade It was so obviously the right thing to do that Martha along the horizon, smelling the odor of the myrtle consented. While the details of the wedding were

twining beneath their feet. David was thinking of being arranged, Elihu joined the group. All hastened

Ruth's courage, and love. What if that fateful call to make him welcome. (Continued on page 942)

EVE OF CHRISTMAS

by Maude Rubin A resiny freshness fills the house tonight

Reminding me of mountain ridges where

These branches wore a snowstorm, soft and white;

The smell of forest dusk, of frosty air,

Where chipmunks shuttled through the early dark

Striping their orangebrown ribbon on the green;

Where chickadees outsang the meadowlark....

How different is this tinseled indoor scene—

And yet, its glittering miracle of light

Fills young eyes with wonder on this night!

930 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A young sergeant in France pleads iidon"t let our servicemen down"in a letter addressed Dear Brother McConkie

During the past year I was given the assignment prayers in bed after lights are out, or not saying them by my group leader of reaching a young LDS serviceat all. When the tactical instructor calls for a smoke

man whose mother was worried about his activities. break, you find yourself reaching for a cigaret. When

I met and talked with this young man on several your buddies chide you for not going to town with occasions but was unable to interest him in attending them on week ends, the emphatic "no"becomes a little our group meetings or even to persuade him to talk weaker until it becomes "yes."The cycle is then comabout his reasons for this lack of interest. plete. The downhill road has been started upon, and

Some weeks later I had the occasion to visit the it is the hardest task in the world to check this descent

French town not far from our base, and while there and start the uphill grade again.

I happened across this same fellow, who was well In order that you might better understand why I am along his way to becoming drunk. He subsequently writing this letter, I will explain a little about myself.

was very desirous of telling me of his falling away I was born and reared in the Salt Lake area, spending from the Church. the first eleven years of my childhood in Bingham

To a serviceman such as I it was the same old Canyon, and the rest until my eighteenth birthday in story of being taken from the family hearthside and Murray. At the age of twelve I was reactivated by a

being placed in a barracks with fifty or sixty other member of the local bishopric and was baptized that men of approximately the same age but most of whom same year. Since my enlistment in September of 1952

have completely different backgrounds. When you I have served two years in the Far East and short

kneel to pray they are there to ridicule and laugh at periods of time at air force bases in the Gulf States, you. When the instructor or NCO in charge calls Southern States, California, and Eastern States mistime for a smoke break you are standing there by sions. Presently I am assigned to a base in the French

yourself wondering what you should do, and your Mission.

socalled buddies start making fun of you. On the As neither my father nor mother belong to the

week ends when all your friends go to town leaving Church I soon became a forgotten figure in my home you alone, you start wondering in your own mind if ward and was in the "no letter today"class. Eventall this is really worth it. ually I, too, started that downhill slide away from

During this period you have only two things to the Church. I would probably still be sliding if it

look forward to: your Church meetings and friends, weren't for a very wonderful Saint who gave me a

whom you usually only spend one or two hours a push in the right direction when I needed it most.

week with, and those precious letters from back home. So I come to the real reason for my writing to you.

Very often when you need that letter or Church Sec- I feel that the bishops, priesthood quorums, and servtion or The Improvement Era, it just is not there. iceman's coordinators all too often are letting our

So, slowly the weeks go by and the months pass. servicemen down, when just a letter would frequently

As the pressure from the barracks buddies mounts serve as that "helping Saint"to keep some fellow from and the letters from home become fewer, you find y 'Your brother in the gospel, yourself slipping. Perhaps you start saying your A Serviceman

DECEMBER 1957 931 Melchizedek Priesthood

Common Sense Wins Converts

Suppose the stake presidency calls you and your when you promised to do your best. And although

wife in to their office. They tell you there is a very you have had some mighty good counsel and advice,

important Church position they want you to fill, one you realize that you must step out now and really that will take some real leadership and a lot of good go to work.

hard work. They ask your wife if she will support You are not too concerned about the quorum meetyou in it and help in every way she can. She agrees. ings; your class instructor is able. You know you can

Then they say to you, "We feel impressed to call have some socials, which those who are already active you to serve as the president of the first quorum of will enjoy; and your quorum projects somehow get

elders."done with a little push and effort.

You feel a bit flattered that they should want you; But there is one big problem that worries you. You

after all, you haven't done too much in the Church have been told over and over again that you must up to now; and you know there are a number of reactivate those in your quorum who are not doing

brethren in the quorum who you think could do a anything in particular in the Church. Some of them

better job than you could. smoke; many of them fail with their tithing; some are

However, you know the Church tradition of rejust too busy (they think) and have no interest in sponding to calls (and you know your wife will be the Church. You know they need to be converted,

proud of you!) and so you say, "I'll do the best I can."but you wonder how you can reach them, since no

But so far you don't have a real understanding of what one else seems to have done so in the past.

is expected of you. Then you remember what you were told at the last

"You will need counselors,"they say. "Suppose priesthood leadership meeting: "Priesthood reactivayou think it over carefully, pray about it, try and get tion is just a matter of good common sense, of good

the best inspiration you can, and then let us know hard work, and of a reasonable amount of organizawhom you want."You follow this direction, and the tional ability. Remember, you have the keys of

brethren agree with your choice. Soon you find yourpresidency. Use them. Go out and do the job."

self sustained by the quorum. Then you are set apart Well, why not? What is there to do? And how

and given the keys of presidency. shall it be done? After all, you do hold the keys of

Fortunately you have a good, energetic stake presipresidency, and those keys are the right to preside, dency. They call you in to meet with them and the to govern and control the manner in which others

members of the stake Melchizedek Priesthood comwill use their priesthood! Perhaps the secret is to

mittee at 7 a.m. on Sundays for several weeks. Touse a little initiative and apply the general principles

gether you go over the basic directions in the to the particular problems confronting the first quoMelchizedek Priesthood Handbook, analyze the conrum of elders!

ditions of the quorum, and map out some general You turn to the Doctrine and Covenants and read:

objectives. Also you get some good help out of the "For behold, it is not meet that I should command in

departments in the regular stake priesthood leaderall things; for he that is compelled in all things, the

ship meetings. same is a slothful and not a wise servant; wherefore

It is beginning to dawn on you that you have a big he receiveth no reward.

job, a lot bigger than you ever dreamed that morning "Verily I say, men should be anxiously engaged in

932 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "iiisBiiisssSssisil:

::|.::V:;;"'?;.v:v:v;V:v:v:;:'v:: ': ':':.|:''Ml

tf good cause, and do many things of their own free 1. Write here the names of quorum members you want to reach.

will, and bring to pass much righteousness;

"For the power is in them, wherein they are agents 2. Write here which field of action you intend to use. (Handbook

unto themselves. And inasmuch as men do good they pp. 3337.)

shall in nowise lose their reward.

"But he that doeth not anything until he is com- 3. Detail the project which you expect to use in reaching the men

manded, and receiveth a commandment with doubtful named in No. 1.

heart, and keepeth it with slothfulness, the same is damned."(D & C 58:2629.) 4. Task committees appointed to do the job:

So, you decide to use the principles you have learned A. What to do: B. What to do:

and apply the facts you have gathered to your parit: Who to do it:ticular situation and see how many of your inactive Who to do

brethren you can reactivate. Your three standing

committees are organized. The white cards are all Dates Checked Dates Checked

completed. Now the committees must be used; the

data must serve the purpose for which it was collected. C. What to do: D. What to do:

You sit down and make yourself a work sheet. After Who to do it: Who to do it:

a little thought the following is born:

Work Sheet for Quorum Presidency Dates Checked Dates Checked (Use for reactivation of one man only) 1. Name of man to be reached:.

2. What the Fact Finding and Reporting Committee will do:

Field action of Date decided completed 5. Will any of those listed in No. 1 work on the committees? Name

do: Service Committee will the Church3. What

here: them Field action of decided Date completed 4. What the Personal Welfare Committee will do:

Field of action decided Date completed

Results: 6. Date when project starts:

7. Date for its completion:

The essentials of this information should be transferred to the back 8. Names of men listed in No. 1 who responded:

of the white card.

gratified realization the are with have done You that you some- 9. Names of those in No. 1 who did not respond:

priesthood thatthing committee the on your general Church own and didn't have to figure out the details of your work; nor did the local

stake officers. 10. Date Nos. 8 and 9 were entered on white card:

Then you get to thinking about a possible work sheet that your standing committee could use to aid them in keeping the reactivation You soon discover that use of these forms pays off. They enable

work rolling. A little thought and experimentation brings forth you and your committees to follow through on reactivation cases;

something along the following line: they keep bringing your attention back to the basic principles which

for the Standing Work Sheet Committee blessingsmust be followedof the priesthood.if inactive brethren regain the full fellowship and

out—Cross two

(1. Personal Welfare) Initiative has paid off!

(2. Church Service) Maybe priesthood reactivation is just a matter of common sense,

(3, Fact Finding and Reporting) hard work, and ordinary organizational ability, after all!

DECEMBER 1957 933 The Presiding......,,:.,,,,..,,,,,,,.

Bishopric 9s

.::::::,::::::-,.:.-:-,:. -:-;;::::,;::::,.,,:.::;; w:o:- s,:**:

Page

CULTIVATE APPETITE body keeps it alive; knowledge and experience satisfy

FOR THINGS SPIRITUAL the longing of the intellect; and adequate spiritual

food sustains the spirit of man and keeps it from

Inherent in man are three hungers: the physical, withering. We fall short of our potential blessings

the intellectual, and the spiritual. The satisfying of if all three of these hungers are not provided for.

these hungers is vital to his progress and happiness.

Physical hunger exerts the most powerful influence HIGH MORALE IS FACTOR of the three. It is marked by a strong craving for IN WARD TEACHING PROGRAM

food. Intellectual hunger consists of mental longing

for an increased knowledge and new experiences. Everyone benefits when he is a member of an orSpiritual hunger is less vivid than the other two, but ganization where personal relationships are ideal.

it is the most vital because it provides food for the Proper morale promotes harmonious conditions. It

soul. It is the yearning of the heart for closer comeliminates friction and annoying differences. It is a

munion with things heavenly. It is elevation of the necessity where success depends on group effort.

mind to contemplate things which are pure and holy There is unity of purpose when all members of an and to sense one's relationship to his maker. organization work together as one happy family. SatisPhysical hunger is demanding. It is accompanied factory progress is seldom made without this type of

by keenness of pain until food is supplied. If nourishteamwork.

ment is withheld long enough, death of the physical Building morale should be an objective of all leaders body ensues. Intellectual hunger is satisfied in seeing, in ward teaching. It motivates good relationships

hearing, feeling, reading, studying, and in gaining between members of the stake committee on ward new experiences. If these opportunities are limited, teaching and members of ward committees. It insures

we do not die, but we fail to progress rapidly in the cooperation from those who serve as ward teachers as acquisition of knowledge. Unlike bodily appetite, well as those who supervise the program. It motispiritual hunger does not have the power to cry out vates voluntary response. It is a twoway street where

distressingly, but if suppressed too long it becomes everyone works together to reach the same goal.

silent and we are no longer conscious of the need and The advantage of being a member of a ward teachvalue of food for the inner man. Spiritual hunger is ing organization with high morale is more than just

an appetite that has to be developed. It must be emotional pleasure. High morale stimulates planning

sustained regularly; otherwise, we suffer the loss of and thinking on ways and means of improving the

thirst for things spiritual. Loss of desire for this program. Where morale is high, members of the

essential food ends in spiritual death. group are not selfsatisfied. In this atmosphere leaders

One of the most abundant supplies of spiritual food and ward teachers alike are inspired to do better.

is that which is made available to us at Sacrament Leaders in ward teaching should make a conscienmeeting. Each blessing pronounced upon the sacred tious effort always to keep morale at a high level. It

emblems concludes with the promise that if we always is one of the important elements of efficiency. It stimuremember the Savior and keep the commandments lates the growth of initiative and enterprise. It gives

which he has given us, we will always have his spirit us new energy and increases our selfconfidence. It

to be with us. What more could we ask? insures greater loyalty because it makes each member

There should be no discrimination in satisfying feel he is a member of the team and that he is needed these three hungers. Nourishment for the physical by the group.

934 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AARONIC PRIESTHOOD MEMORIAL STUDY GUIDE FOR WARD TEACHERS

UNCOVERED ON TEMPLE SQUARE JANUARY 1958

The Aaronic Priesthood memorial which was to Respect for Authority have been dedicated October 4, 1957, was uncovered by the Presiding Bishopric October 25, 1957. The One of the most fundamental principles of successmonument stands to the north and east of the Taberful government, whether it be Church or civil, is

nacle on Temple Square in Salt Lake City and faces respect for authority. It is necessary in any body in

the temple to the east. which people hope to live in peace and harmony. In

The dedicatory services were indefinitely postcivil government constituted authority is empowered poned by decision of the First Presidency because of to enforce respect for its officers and its laws. This

the influenza epidemic. A new date for the dedicapolicy is necessary for the good of society. Without

tion will be announced when plans have been comit chaos would reign. Latterday Saints are taught to

pleted. respect civil authorities. The twelfth article of faith

The Presiding Bishopric felt that the memorial commits us definitely to such an attitude: "We believe

should no longer be veiled and that those visiting in being subject to kings, presidents, rulers, and magisTemple Square should enjoy the privilege of viewing trates, in obeying, honoring and sustaining the law."

the monument commemorating the restoration of the To Latterday Saints respect for authority in Church

Aaronic Priesthood by John the Baptist, May 15, 1829, government is no less important. Members of the

when he conferred the Priesthood of Aaron upon Church recognize the authority of the Church as God's

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery. authority. The fact that it has been delegated to man

The Presiding Bishopric again express their apprein no way lessens the respect that is due those who ciation to the more than 60,000 bearers of the Aaronic hold it. Respect for those in positions of authority

Priesthood whose voluntary contributions made posin the Church is not enforced; it is a voluntary matter.

sible the completion of the memorial without any apIt is established and maintained through the spirit of propriation from the general funds of the Church. obedience, education, understanding, and respect for

Plans are now going forward to erect a suitable the Lord's anointed. Veneration for authorities of the

marker near the place where, on the banks of the Church as vested in its general, stake, and ward

Susquehanna River in Pennsylvania, the Aaronic leaders is one of the greatest factors in the Church's

Priesthood was restored more than one hundred and development, growth, and progress. If it were not

twentyeight years ago. forthcoming, disorder, lack of unity, and disintegration

would result.

Respect for general and local officers of the Church is an indication of loyalty, of faith, and of devotion, and is a necessary attribute of conduct which is becoming of good members.

Children should be taught in the home and ki

Church organizations to respect those who are called to positions of leadership in the Church. If parents

set the proper example, children will follow the pattern with little or no deviation.

INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE

FOR FEBRUARY 1958

Search the Scriptures Man cannot be saved in ignorance. It is important

that we acquire knowledge of God's plans and purposes. The Savior during his ministry said, "Search

the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal

life: and they are they which testify of me."(John

5:39.) All Latterday Saints should become familiar

The Presiding Bishopric uncover the Aaronic Priesthood memorial on Temple Square in Salt Lake City. Left to right with the truths and doctrines contained in the Bible,

are Bishop Carl W. Buehner uncovering the monument; PreBook of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, and Pearl

siding Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin; Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson.

Avard Fairbanks, sculptor, is at right rear. of Great Price.

DECEMBER 1957 935 Jesus Returns to Jerusalem announce the death of the Lorddescent from the Mount of Olives three days of darkness, earthquakes, into the city. Great crowds had

{Continued) mouth will I judge tempests, thunder, and lightning. gathered along the way. They were

thee, thou wicked servant,"his masTheir reckoning showed that the joyful and jubilant at the sight of ter said. "Thou knewest that I was thirtythree years had passed, "and their king. So delighted and elated

an austere man, taking up that I laid there began to be great doubtings were they that they spread their not down, and reaping that I did not and disputations among the people, garments along the road for the anisow: Wherefore then gavest not thou notwithstanding so many signs had mal to walk on. Some cut branches

my money into the bank, that at my been given."from the trees and strewed them

coming I might have required mine Six days before the Passover, Jesus along the way. And as they entered

own with usury?"arrived at Bethany where lived his the city, repeatedly there rose a

"And he said unto them that stood friends Mary, Martha, and Lazarus, glorious shout from the people:

by, Take from him the pound, and whom he had raised from the dead. "Hosanna; Blessed is he that cometh

give it to him that hath ten pounds. By this time word was abroad that in the name of the Lord:

"For I.say unto you, That unto Jesus was on his way to Jerusalem, "Blessed be the kingdom of our

every one which hath shall be given; and many people had come to father David, that cometh in the

and from him that hath not, even Bethany, not only to see him but name of the Lord: Hosanna in the

that he hath shall be taken away also to see Lazarus who had lain highest."

from him."in the tomb for three days before Amid all the happiness, the shoutIt is doubtful that the people unhe had been brought back to life. ing, and the rejoicing Jesus was sad.

derstood the meaning of the story, In Lazarus there was living eviHe knew that the people had misbut they could not have been undence of the power of the Savior, interpreted the whole purpose of his acquainted with the circumstances but rather than considering this as mission upon the earth. In spite

on which it was based. They all unmistakable evidence of his divinof all he had told them they did not

knew that some years earlier Archeity, the chief priests plotted to kill believe he was going to his death.

laus went to Rome to be made ruler Lazarus, since many believed in When the disciples "began to...

over Judea, and the Jews sent a Jesus because of him. praise God with a loud voice for the

delegation of fifty men to try to permighty works that they had seen;

suade Caesar Augustus not to make The events of the last week Jesus "Saying, Blessed be the King that him king. Archelaus'magnificent spent as a mortal upon the earth cometh in the name of the Lord:

palace was in Jericho, perhaps withare so numerous and important that peace in heaven, and glory in the in the sight of the multitude. volumes have been written about highest,"the Pharisees among the

Through this story the Lord tried them. This period of time has bemultitude asked the Lord to rebuke

to make his hearers understand that come known as "the week of the them. Answering, he said, "I tell

they were not to look for an immeatoning sacrifice."The first day of you that, if these should hold their

diate of the establishment kingdom the the stones Sunday. probpeace, would immediately was week The

he, the thatas they viewed it, but 30. April able 2, A.D. cry out."But looking upon Jerudate was

be wouldnobleman someday who lamented: salem wept, and he This the the chosen day was by for to king, gothe have would away "If thou, hadst even thou known, his to into entry Lord Jerumake responsibilities time, leaving thea in this things least thy at day, the left salem. have Bethany must He of in theof hands the kingdom peace! thy belong but unto which this early very morning on Sunday reservants.trusted he when And eyes. thine hid are they from now his disciples and, accompanied by his as as wellturns, unbelievers the

shall the days "For upon come followers, his other and way made unfaithful,servants been have who shall cast thee, that thine enemies just outside to Olives, of the Mount the justly Afterwill punished. be thee, trench a compass about and his City. the of Calling Holy two confinished speaking heLord had

in thee thee round, keep on and instructed disciples to them he him trail his the rocky ontinued way up his way to Jerusalem. to go into a nearby village where every side.

Many faithful Jews had assembled they would find a young donkey "And they shall lay thee even themselves at the Holy City a week upon which man had never ridden with the ground, and thy children or more before the Passover to perbefore. This young animal they within thee; and they shall not leave

form certain rites of purification to were to bring back with them. If in thee one stone upon another; bemake themselves worthy to particianyone asked them what they were cause thou knewest not the time of

pate in the scheduled events of the doing, they were merely to say that thy visitation."

holy week. The main topic of conthe Lord had need of the animal, With his disciples, Jesus went

versation among the people was and they would not be detained. through the streets of the city and

Jesus. Would he dare appear in On this animal, a lowly donkey, entered the temple. We have no

public at the feast? If he did, would the Son of God, the Creator and record of his doing any teaching this

the Jewish leaders carry out their Savior of the world, was to make day, but he did spend the entire threats to arrest him? his "triumphal entry"into the great day in the city and his Father's

Meanwhile, others also were woncity of Jerusalem, soon to face inHouse. When evening came, he redering about Jesus. Halfway around sult, arrest, persecution, trial, and turned to Bethany with the twelve.

the world the people in the Western death by crucifixion. Monday morning came and Jesus

Hemisphere were awaiting the signs And so the Lord's disciples placed started again for Jerusalem. As he

of the Lord's death which Samuel robes on the animal, and when Jesus neared the city he became hungry.

the Lamanite had predicted would had mounted, they started the Seeing a fig tree along the way he

936 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wherever they go,

Dean Bennett will be

To bring you BYU BASKETBALL

From Madison Square Garden, from coast to coast, KSL Radio will bring you on the spot play byplay reports of all BYU games plus interviews with coach Stan Watts... sponsored by

Phillips Petroleum.

on the big K iPfuUips, KSL RADIO 1160 on your dial CBS for the Mountain West

DECEMBER 1957 937 hoped to get fruit from it, but was The cursing of the tree was another him. Naturally, the chief priests and

disappointed to find it barren. Lookevidence to them of the great power the Scribes who were watching his

ing at the tree he said, "No man eat that Jesus possessed. He had healed every move were angry when they

fruit of thee hereafter for ever."all manner of sick; he had stilled the saw him performing miracles in the

Later when they passed the tree winds and calmed the waves; he temple and when the people called

the disciples noticed that it had had multiplied food and turned out to him, "Hosanna to the son of withered. Calling attention to this water into wine; he had brought David,"they said, "Hearest thou

fact Peter said to Jesus, "Master, bethe dead back to life. This latest what these say?"

hold, the tree which thou cursedst incident demonstrated that he had "Yea,"Jesus answered them, "have is withered away."Answering, Jesus also power to destroy, but this power ye never read, Out of the mouths of

said, "Have faith in God."He then he used on a barren and worthless babes and sucklings thou hast permade the incident the subject for a tree. fected praise?"

discourse on faith, saying that anyEntering into Jerusalem Jesus And so the second day of the week one who had enough faith could say went to the temple and seemingly passed. In his Father's House he

unto a mountain, "Be thou removed, spent the day there. Repeating his spent his time with the people teachand be thou cast into the sea,"and performance of three years earlier, ing and healing. How the priests,

if his faith was strong enough, the he "overthrew the tables of the Scribes and the Pharisees wanted mountain would, indeed, be moved. moneychangers, and the seats of to destroy him! But that time still

"Therefore,"he added, "I say unto them that sold doves, had not come, and would not come you, What things soever ye desire, "And said unto them, It is written, until he voluntarily surrendered to that receive ye believe pray, yewhen them. called shall the house house be My shall them."havethem, and ye left it a of approached night prayer; he again have but ye As made his to leave lesson with a What in city hours to the spend the dark of thieves."den face, todisciples! soon were They

in his death, a test which they must Following this he healed the blind the vicinity of the Mount of Olives.

have great strength to withstand. and the lame who were brought to (To be continued)

Respect for Authority perish in Babylon, even Babylon the "And if my people will hearken great, which shall fall."(D & C 1:14unto my voice, and unto the voice

16.) of my servants whom I have apinto. enter can(Continued) people, to lead behold Here is an important warning we pointed my

teacher, a "... if a man be not you, they shall unto verily I say and I should remember:

vote that I will sustain him in his "Cursed are all those that shall be moved out of their place.

position, when he visits me in an lift up the heel against mine "But if they will not hearken to official capacity, I will welcome him anointed, saith the Lord, and cry my voice, nor unto the voice of these consideration, treat with himand I they appointed, have they sinned have men they whom have when

I If respect. needkindness, and

blest, saith shall polLord, the not they not me, before because sinned be it his I at will hand,counsel, ask lute that grounds, holy meet mine mine and was which have but done

I to I can everything will doand I charters, eyes, ordinances, in holy and comand which mine and him.sustain be proper would That I give holy unto words which them. my... manded righteousness. of a principleand (Ibid., transgression 124:4546.) them."cry those "But who derogatory anything not sayI would

is of order God's a are house house the servants they it because do Taylor, character."histo The (John

is disof sin, faithfulness enjoyed children and of are the where and 174175.) Kingdom,Gospel pp.

is the required. not obedience themselves. obedience God the rebellious Lord's among The

falsely of peace. of confusion author those but swear "And who to pierced with are muchpeople be

leaders respect our honor servants, that might against they and As we my declared: for has the Lordsorrow

in callings, in their the into Lord death—them bring bondage and them that the they cometh day "And

will to turn us us permit they honor and because them; unto "Wo of the voice the will not hearwho

in of graces the gospel the and they grow ones offended have my little servhis of voice neither theLord, ants, neither give heed to the words shall be severed from the ordinances in the powers and functions of the of the prophets and apostles, shall of mine house. priesthood which will obtain for us

be cut off from, among the people; "Their basket shall not be full, peace and happiness in our hearts

"For they have strayed from mine their houses arid their barns shall and in our homes.

ordinances, and have broken mine perish, and they themselves shall be Respect for our leaders also builds everlasting covenant; despised by those that flattered in each of us increased faith and

"They seek not the Lord to estabthem. strong character values. We develop

lish his righteousness, but every man "They shall not have right to the confidence, admiration, and love for wa]keth in his own way, and after priesthood, nor their posterity after those chosen to lead and guide us.

the image of his own God, whose them from generation to generation."True respect for them adds luster to

image is in the likeness of the world, (Ibid., 121:1621.) authority, and gives strength, susand whose substance is that of an And then this promise and further taining power, and encouragement

idol, which waxeth old and shall admonition from the Lord: to the work of the ministry.

938 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...sweet treats for Christmas with

sugar

For holiday baking and candy making, you'll want the whole family of

U and I Sugar onepound cartons on your shelf: Brown; Fine Granulated,

Superfine Dessert, and Powdered.

DECEMBER 1957 939 w ft ME the BfST PUC fiUV ALL CHURCH BOOKS *$THE BEST PI # Topselling new book for 1957!

OO::::: s;:r::

-.x i:Oilltu 1 DX

>-: '; i cQ o*- u Answers Joseph Fielding Smith

contains questions that This popular book answers and Gospel in the appeared the have past Era few Improvement s years in the popular feature, "Your Question."The

esfions questions were selected as most timely, most significant,

X or most frequently asked. These questions, asked by

readers of all ages, pertain to Church doctrine and history, and to the interpretation of many points and problems. President Smith has spent a lifetime study-

,:.::ao:j: ing principles of the gospel and his interpretations are

widely read and respected.

$2.50

And His Mhiion Ssteai**!*1

A RiM

;uJ,;-'.!;:

6. ELIJAH, THE

EVERLAST- 8. THE IDEALS THE GOSPEL KINGDOM AND 7. 8 PROPHET THINGS ING OF HIS MISSION, GOD 9. President Discourses of

S AND SALVATION David O. McKay RESTORED Richard L. Evans

UNIVERSAL </> Joseph Fielding Smith Importantciples are expoundedgospel prinwith The. Carterearly E.daysGrantof the Theof a seventhdistinguishedand newestseries

CO President Smith explains deep insight by the Church, through the Utah that contains the finest

Evans'L. Richard from are discussed: Subjects the ent, described with work ealogical and temple

- "Spoken famous world vitality, realism, Smith, clarifies Prophet and fresh Joseph misconcepUIX theand importance of genChurch's ninth president. War and into the pres- "sermonettes"or essays

tions concerning the misPriesthood and Its Work, new insight in this imporWord"broadcasts with sion of Elijah and the Ward Teaching, and many tant volume on LDS histhe Salt Lake Tabernacle

Choir and Organ. tory. Elijah of with others. % confusion

$4.00 $4.00 Elias. $3.00 $1.50 the Prophet

CHURCH BOOKS *5- M THE BEST *&$$& rHE BEST PLACE TO oUY M-L

940 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'PLACE TO BUY ALL Cf/ CHURCH BOOKS:<#$.# THE BESTACE TO BUY ALl

Where Is

Wisdom?

From the Addresses of Stephen L Richards An invaluable collection Pathways To Happiness offromaddressesspeechesand givenexcerptsby

David O. McKay President Richards on

2. Compiled by Llewelyn R. McKay behindthe meaningthe LDSand Church,purpose

its leaders, and its docIn this new book Prestrines. $3.50

shares ident McKay HWAYS personal his of some % PA point Cherished that gnideposts to m U>PINESS pinessthe wayandto lastinga full haprich Experiences of President Writings the life... providing keen From

by David O. McKay Compiled

insight into such uniClare Middlemiss versally vital subjects President McKay shares many as education, courtof his personal faith promotship and marriage, warminging experiencesbook—in experiencesthis heartfree agency, death, that have resulted from perhome life and personsonalthroughoutexperiencesthe world.with Saints

al aspirations. $3.00

$3.95

Our Lord of The Gospels J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

This comparative study of the Four Gospels of the King James Version and Third Nephi in the Book of Mormon brings all the teachings and experiences of Jesus into one complete lilt."I'"harmony.

$5.00

Use your convenient Deseret Book charge account. Mail orders

10. WHAT IS DIS11.OGYARCHAEOLAND THE accepted for preChristmas delivery through December 12.

TINCTIVE ABOUT BOOK OF MOKMONISM MORMON

Dr. Adam S. Bennion Dr. Milton R. Hunter Co. DoscrctESBooh last the April ConferIn relates President Hunter. -,44 East South Temple - Salt lake Cm Utah preDr. Bennion ence his experiences tour on a

of the a discussion sented of of "Book Mormon the things 23 specific in Mexico and 44DeseretEast BookSou'h CompanyTemple Lands"

Church of Jesus Christ of Central America. NumerSalt Lake City, Utah

Latterday Saints has given ous photographs, in both Dear Sir: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money

to the world that the color and black and white, order ( ) I have an account, p!ease charge

world didn't already have. pack the book with time- (amount) for encircled (numbered) books:

10 11 25c ly interest. $4.50 1 23456789

Name—

Address

City CHURCH BOOKS jtftPLACE TO BUY ALL Residents of Utah include 2%..Zone.sales tax.State.All books sent

postpaid.

DECEMBER 1957 941 To he a King sumed with curiosity to learn what "I appreciate your kindness."

I have accomplished.""Did you ever see the Nazarene?"

( Continued) The old man looked "Truly, I am anxious."asked Ruth.

in surprise at the glowing face of "Then dismiss your fears.""Yes, many times."

Haran. "What miracle has been "You mean to tell me that the "What impression did he make

wrought in you?"he asked. "This threatened danger to the Master is upon you?"

is not the same man I saw last in passed?""I was greatly amused at some of

the council chamber.""That is too much to say. I canhis sayings."

"Thank heaven it is not. That not promise that your friend is per- "Is he then so witty?"

pitiable creature is dead and buried. manently beyond peril. This Jesus "Not witty, though he could be

But for your absence from Jericho, speaks what is in his heart, a habit I that or anything else he desired, but

I should have come to you, as I went have noticed in the records of all he certainly is pungent at times."

to all others who were present on prophets, and ofttimes his words are "Tell us about him,"demanded that shameful occasion, and declared so irritating to a certain class that Ruth, "without making us draw my intention of following the continued safety can never be guarevery word from you. I am as eager

Master."anteed him; but I have assurance to hear your opinion as the others

"I rejoice in your courage, my dear that temporarily at least he will not are."

friend. But I see that David is conbe molested."(To be continued)

The Scriptural Formula the Old Testament that its readers tion.

could not even recognize the Christ What, for instance, is the meaning it prophesied, what will of the sea of glass referred to in (Continued) had served his own of whom generation by the will of God, fell on 1900 years have done to the New Revelation 4:6? It was revealed to

sleep, and was laid unto his fathers, Testament? Joseph Smith that: It is the earth,

and saw corruption: If prophets were necessary to in its sanctified, immortal, and

clarify state. the eternal during Testament Old

he, But raised again, whom God first Christ's advent, not they should the significance of the What was corruption. (Ibid., nosaw 13:3237.)

little to necessary also be the clarify both eaten book by John, recorded

By revelation, Philip interpreted Old and the New Testaments before in Revelation 10? The explanation:

Isaiah to "a man of Ethiopia, an Christ's second advent? Have the We are to understand that it teas

eunuch of great authority under scriptures since Christ's birth be- a mission, and an ordinance, for him

Candace queen of the Ethopians."come less subject to confusion than to gather the tribes of Israel; beAnd Philip ran thither to him, and they were before? The confusion hold, this is Elias, who, as it is writheard him read the prophet Esaias, of Christendom denies it. ten, must come and restore all

and said, Understandest thou what Of course, it is almost axiomatic things.

thou readest? with any generation that prophets Regarding the two witnesses menAnd he said, How can I, except are creatures of the past. God has tioned in Revelation 11, it was said:

some man should guide me? And spoken in the past, but he cannot They are two prophets that are to

he desired Philip that he would come speak today. The miracle of divine be raised up to the Jewish nation in

up and sit with him, intervention becomes acceptable the last days, at the time of the

The place of the scripture which only as it becomes remote. restoration, and to prophesy to the

he read was this, He was led as a In each generation, only the most lews after they are gathered and sheep to the slaughter; and like a openminded have unfettered themhave built the city of Jerusalem in

lamb dumb before his shearer, so selves from such prejudice long the land of their fathers. (D & C

opened he not his mouth. enough to make a simple inquiry: 77:1, 14, 15.)

In his humiliation his judgment Are there prophets today—or do any Significantly, both the approach

was taken away: and who shall demen claim such a calling? and the answers to such mystifying

clare his generation? for his life is Since the Church of Jesus Christ scriptural queries were spontaneous

taken from the earth. of Latterday Saints does profess to and positive—totally unlike the

And the eunuch answered Philip, have prophets, the search for scripscholar's careful plodding through and said, I pray thee, of whom tural enlightenment might logically commentaries and ancient languages.

speaketh the prophet this? of himcommence there. For a start, it Scholars have long debated the

self, or of some other man? should be sufficient to learn that one meaning of Peter's statement that

Then Philip opened his mouth, Church applies the same rule to Christ, following his crucifixion, "...

and began at the same scripture, and scriptural understanding that Christ's went and preached unto the spirits preached unto him Jesus. (Ibid., Church did originally. in prison."(I Peter 3:19.) His

8:3035.) The seeker can commence with an declaration in this connection: For

Some four hundred years had examination of Joseph Smith, the this cause was the gospel preached elapsed between the Old and New first Prophet of the restoration, also to them that are dead, that they

Testament prophets. During that through whom the Church origmight be judged according to men

time, scriptures once clear had beinated. Joseph Smith maintained, in the flesh but live according to

come ambiguous. Scholars had for example, that only by an explanaGod in the spirit, has caused endless

taken the helm, and the prophets tion from God, himself, could one confusion. (Ibid., 4:6.)

had disappeared. expect to unravel the mystery and Joseph claimed an answer from

If four hundred years so obscured symbolism of the book of RevelaGod: Those having no chance to ac942 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FOR YEARS OF ENJOYABLE READING AND REFERENCE

BIND YOUR

Improvement ERAs ONLY $3.00 PER VOLUME

PLUS POSTAGE

Timeless articles of instruction and highly entertaining reading matter are found every month in your Improvement Era. Why not preserve these for years by permanent binding.

You'll enjoy hours of helpful reading and excellent reference over the years and a ready handbook for talks and lesson instruction.

The cost is just $3.00 per year's volume plus

necessary postage.

Please accompany your orders with payment in advance, plus your copies of the Improvement

Era.

Use the following guide to determine postage

costs. Missionary Programs

Our Specialty UpDistanceto 150frommilesSalt Lake City, Utah Rate43 150 to 300 miles 49 300 to 600 miles -..59

Over the years we have printed 600 to 1000 miles 73 1000 to 1400 miles 88 thousands of programs for mis1400 to 1800 miles 1.06

sionary farewell testimonials. Over 1800 miles 1.23

This experience will go into printing your missionary program,. We

are also specialists in wedding inDeseret News Press vitations, cards, letterheads, envelopes and every type of printing THE WEST'S FINEST PRINTERS AND BINDERS for office or church. 33 Richards St. Industrial Center

DECEMBER 1957 943 cept Christ's gospel during mortal clear enough when it was issued, first where the gold is reputed to lie.

life will be given a chance after they yet ministers today discreetly shy The ore is assayed later.

have died. away from it. Those who have carefully "asJoseph F. Smith, a more recent Again, Joseph Smith claimed a sayed"the Church and validated its

Latterday Saint prophet, shed revealed answer: Living proxies can claims can examine the scriptures

further light on the subject, probe baptized for those who accept under the bright light of revelation.

claiming that Christ had not only Christ's gospel in the spirit world. For the prophecy came not in old

visited spirits in the hereafter but The answers are logical and bear time by the will of man: but holy

also established a missionary system tremendous impact. They afford inmen of God spake as they were

among them, similar to the one he sight into God's personality, lend moved by the Holy Ghost. (II Peter

had organized on earth. vast scope to his purposes. Still, the 1:21.)

Else what shall they do which are scholars, ruminating throughout the Those who ignore this formula to baptized for the dead, if the dead centuries, never derived them. scriptural understanding must be

rise not at all? why are they then It is with the Church of Jesus content to ever wander a labyrinth

baptized for the dead? (I Cor. Christ of Latterday Saints, then, of confusion and conjecture, relying

15:29. ) This question posed by Paul that one may begin his search for upon the wisdom of men to make

to the Corinthians must have been scriptural understanding. Men dig plain the words of God.

No Room at the Inn "Please, kind innkeeper of Bethle- "There, there, child,"the mother hem,"one of the three said, "we can comforted, patting the baby. Turnpay but a mite. My friends are in ing to Raham she said, "Please, Inn-

(Continued) was appalling. A need of rest; their suffering is great. keeper, I seek lodging for my little

blind man in beggar's garb stood in We seek only the barest of comfort ones; they are hungry and tired. I

the doorway. and the meagerest of refreshments."have money to pay if thy rates are

"Ah, kind sir,"said the beggar, "I "Our inn is reserved for the guards moderate."

have no money for lodging since all of Caesar,"Raham replied. Raham looked at the mother, her

I possess I must pay as tax. My Sarid came hurriedly to his elbow dark hair plaited in thick braids

bones are weary; the heat of the and whispered, "Let them stay; that wound about her head. Her

day, the cold of the night, and the just off the kitchen there is a room eyes were tired and lifeless, her long distance are great for the poor I have prepared."Turning to the clothing bespoke a late sorrow. I

and the blind. Please give me of palsied, she said, "Come, rest on the shall feed them, Raham said to himyour alms."The beggar held out lounges, and I shall bring you warm self, and then perhaps it will be

both hands. food."easier to tell them that the inn is

Raham stood speechless. I am Raham shuddered as he saw the reserved and they must go on their

a businessman, he thought. I canthree afflicted travelers stretched out way. Too many crying children are

not afford to shelter nonpaying on the lounges which Sarid had covnot an asset to an inn.

guests, much less lower the inn's ered with her most beautiful robes. "We have broth and mealcakes

standards with blind beggars. He He suddenly remembered the kine ready for all of you."Raham smiled

lifted his arm to shoo the beggar which had that morning presented hospitably.

from the door when Sarid stepped him with twin calves and went at Sarid brought mealcakes and a forward. once to the stable. large bowl of broth for each child

"Let him stay, Raham. He needs When Raham again entered the while Raham took the wooden

rest and food. There is the small inn, Sarid was washing the feet of bucket and drew fresh cool water

room under the stairway which I the palsied travelers. Surely this from the well between the inn and

have prepared."Then turning to the was righteous indignation which the stable. He was about to tell

beggar she said: "Take my arm. I surged through his veins at the sight the young family the inn was reshall lead you to the table where a of her there on bended knee before served when Sarid spoke.

bowl of steaming broth and fresh them! Raham called her to him. "Raham, would you mind if I gave

mealcakes await you. Then there "Sarid, thou hast worked hard all our chamber to this little family?

are warm water and towels, and a day, cleaning and slaving to prepare It is large and airy, and there is bed with clean linen for you."the inn. Please, I beg of thee, save room for several mats on the floor

The beggar stood speechless and thy strength. These diseased perfor the children. It is at the rear of

allowed tears of gratitude to surge sons, little better than beggars, exthe inn where the noise of the latefrom his sightless eyes. He permitted pect no such privileges, merely board comers will not disturb them."

Sarid to lead him to the table where and lodging.""Little chance will I have for sleep

he devoured the hot soup hungrily. "You are right, Raham, and yet with the legionnaires rioting,"said

A second tap sounded on the inn's these poor paralyzed creatures need Raham. "But, Sarid, I had hoped

old creaking door, and three travcare. Such gratitude I have never there would be rest for you later."

elers entered, each in different stages seen expressed in faces of royalty.""These travelers need rest far more

of palsy. Raham, seeing.their The hinges of the old walnut door than I, Raham."Turning, Sarid took

floundering, thought: Perhaps it is creaked and blended their groaning the baby from the tired mother's

only drink which these sad charwith that of crying children as a arms and leading her and the five acters seek. I shall treat them kindwoman clothed in black entered with little ones, climbed the stairs to the

ly and hope they will travel farther a baby in her arms and five small chamber overlooking the stable. The

while day is still light. children following. children responded to her kindness

944 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SIDE RIGHTUP PARK COULD VOU AU - SEASON CONOCO Mft.ToPsyTURVy IF USED VOU

SUPER MOTOR OIL.

ENGINEUp IN VOUR IT STAYS

i DOWN DRAINS NEVER IN CONOCOIAND'

MISSUS Ml,TDPSY.'SEETHE NOPE

CAR OUT. MAD THEI f ALWAVS PARK UPSIDE DOWN.

KEEPS OIL UP |N MV ENGINECUTS FRICTION WHEN / START!

THANKS TO CONOCO ALLSEASON SUPER

...NO MORE UKlDEDON

ALLHEADACHES FOR ME! SEASON IT OILENGINE CONOCO PLATES YOUR SUPERSt VOU WHAT PRICTlON BOTH...CONQUERS NEED!

CORROSION AND ]/ MAN.'l CANl/OURE SET AS

.,/ I

allseason Super Motor OilCONOCO... Oit-p/afes ifour engine'atfifos?wear/

For fulltime protection against friction wear, your car needs Conoco allseason

Super Motor Oil. Here's why. Conoco's

exclusive OilPlating discovery "plates"a tough film of lubricant onto your entire engine. Unlike conventional motor oils,

this seal of protection never drains down... even overnight!

The result? Faster, safer, frictionfree

starts... automatic warmup... up to

80% less wear.

Doesn't your car deserve tr 's guaranteed allseason protection? The man to see is

your friendly Conoco Dealer.

1957. Continental Oil Company

DECEMBER 1957 945 and talked freely; even the mother's "This is no place for you, Sarid. "Oh, traveler from faroff Nazatongue was loosened with Sarid's Why did I let you talk me into reth, it is true we have not even a

helpfulness. letting our chamber go to travelers? closet to offer thee, but our stable

"You are no doubt wondering why Now there is no place for you to lay is warm. Why only this day we

a mother and children travel alone. your head."Raham spoke softly, placed fresh straw on the floor, and

My children's father died a few days lest the legionnaires hear. the manger is wide and restful."

ago on the road. The vast amount "Raham, I was out feeding the Sarid took a lighted lantern from the

of taxation and dragging the chillambs and tossing crumbs to the table where the Roman soldiers dren from their homes bore heavily pigeons. The stable is beautiful and still sat drinking. As the lamp was

upon him until he gave up the so quiet. Noise and foul language moved, the raucous laughter ceased.

ghost. Now I am a lone woman in do not penetrate. I shall go there Sarid's heart stopped. Was the

a strange country."Tears which to a bed which I have prepared. legionnaire going to reprimand her

had been held back so long flowed When the legionnaires are in bed, for this offense? Then as though he

freely. Sarid took a clean square of you also can seek rest in the stable."had been smitten, his head dropped

her dirndl and carefully wiped the "Ah, it would be well to be out over in a stupor of drunkenness.

widow's tears. of the loudness of it all, Sarid. Look "Come, follow me."Sarid, sure

"Tarry with us while you are in at the floor which you worked so of foot with lighted lantern, led the the city of David,"Sarid said. "As hard to clean; now it is red with way to the rear of the inn. The

long as you are here, this room is wine and refuse from the streets. young Nazarene leading the donkey

for you and your little ones. Now 'Tis a bad life, the life of an innguided its precious burden to the

get some needed sleep while the inn keeper's wife."entrance of the stable.

is yet quiet. Already I see thy little A gentle yet firm knock sounded "Be of good cheer."Sarid spoke

ones have dropped off to dreaming."on the massive door. "Raham, somesoftly, almost reverently. "Here are

Sarid gave a comforting pat on the one knocks at this late hour."Sarid rest and comfort for you."She gave

widow's shoulder and closed the said, "Yet your sign that we are full them of her courage and strength, door quietly, going below to tell has been out long."in this their hour of need. Trip

Raham the name of each little child. The door was pushed open, and a after trip Sarid made from the inn

Night closed in over Bethlehem. young man with soft, dark beard to the stable, bringing basins of

The sky which had been bright blue and dressed in homespun stood bewarm water, comforters, and swadduring the day changed its cloak for fore the innkeeper and his wife. dling clothes.

a deeper shade. The stars came out, Sarid had never seen eyes such as Much later, weary with the long

each one taking its appointed place. his. They were beautiful, yes, and day and the busy night, Sarid

Still the travelers thronged the roads loving and wise, and worried. But wrapped the newly born infant in

leading to the city of David. Many Sarid saw a sort of holiness in those clothing she had hoped one day to

stopped at the inn of Raham seeking dark brown eyes, and when the man place on a child of her own. With

shelter and food. To each was given spoke, his voice carried a reverent comforting hands she spooned warm

warm, rich broth and fresh mealtone. broth to the tired mother's lips, as

cakes from Sarid's hands. To each "I saw thy sign, sir, but my wife the words of the Prophet Isaiah

Sarid gave an alcove or a hallway is ill; her time is spent; she is in coursed through her mind.

which she had prepared with mats need of shelter. We come from Then it was that the mother utfor the comfort of the weary travelers Nazareth. I cannot take her one tered those selfsame words: "Unto

of Israel., step farther."The young traveler us a child is born, unto us a son is

Then as though a cyclone had looked from Raham to Sarid. "She given: and his name shall be called

mother's Prince of Peace."The is in need of friendly hands to aid the the inn the legionnairescome upon from soft found its way warm hand the gates her."of Caesar broke through

and entered the inn. Each wore a "I am deeply sorry."Raham spoke under the warm comforter and rested

Sarid's shoulder. "You knew regret. sincerecostly, "Already with bright uniform of my on the Roman

art blessed not, took us in; yet you wife has given bed to travwith her own aboutEmpire and swaggered

sword on hip and medals on chest. elers. As you can see our inn is thou, Sarid, thou beloved wife of

With the air of invaders they set filled with Roman guards. Perhaps Raham."

themselves down at the tables, pushfarther on....""Beloved wife,"Mary had said.

ing and shoving, shouting and quipThe Nazarene did not answer. Sarid felt warm tears coursing down

ping. He stood with shoulders slightly her cheeks. She dropped on her

Watching them, Sarid suddenly drooped. A look of concern masked knees by the manger bed.

felt the fatigue of the day settle in his face as he again glanced at his Then Sarid heard a small but her every muscle.. Together she and wife waiting in the glow of the penetrating voice, "This night, Sarid,

Raham passed large bowls of broth opened door. Sarid's eyes bypassed even the hosts of heaven call thee

and mealcakes to the uniformed the Nazarene and rested on the beloved, and from this night forcenturions, but their appetites, young woman mounted on the donward, in Bethlehem, and even whetted for strong drink, pushed the key. Her face was wreathed in pain, throughout all Israel, yea, throughhumble food aside, spilling and yet had a tenderness resembling the out all the world, thy humble stable

spoiling it, while they lifted bottles glow of a lighted candle. These shall be known in holy writ."

of wine and flasks of liquor to their people, Sarid thought, would welSarid looked up from her place lips. The air was suddenly foul with come the barest of shelter and on bended knee by the manger bed.

their coarse language. warmth. The lamp hanging from the beam

946 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA became as though blotted out, with its need completed. A -wonderful,

heavenly light brightened every corner of the stable. Sarid looked

out the window to see the source of the brilliance. There was a star, a star so large inn big way

and beautiful and bright that its points seemed almost to touch the stable roof. SAFETY OF YOUR SAVINGS should be your

"I must tell Raham of this star most important concern. Is the slightly higher earnand this Prince Child in our maning rate offered by some savings institutions worth

ger."Sarid slipped quietly to the the risk?

door of the stable, then stopped short, for the sight before her eyes ik Like Junior here, we too, go for protection in was astonishing. There at the en- a big way. Save at Deseret Federal, where

trance to the stable was Raham on your savings are GUARANTEED SAFE—

bended knee, a love of all fellow insured to $10,000 by the Federal Savings men on his countenance. and Loan Insurance Corporation, and further

Beside Raham, each in the attisecured by our own reserves in excess of tude of prayer, were the widow and $1,000,000.

her children, a light of joy replacing the sorrow that had been in their The 3V2V0 we pay is the highest rate on insured in the receive profitable earnsavings state. Youeyes.

safety. sacrificing ings without Kneeling in the same circle of?

worship, Sarid saw three others. v. In addition, you'll enjoy the Red Carpet Welcome

Yesterday their bodies were mangled you receive at friendly Deseret Federal, with a 51 with the dread palsy, now they were straight and strong. Thankfulness year record of progressive, dependable service.

shown from these three faces.

Sarid saw still another in the circle once man, knee—the bended on SAVE BY MAIL she aonly blind beggar had whom o

alight eyesbefriended. His were GET FREE SAVECOMPOUNDED

vision, restored theywith were and raised to the beauty of the star BYMAIL ENVELOPES SEMIANNUALLY above.

Sarid looked from one to another WITH INSURED in the circle, then she spoke softly, SAFETY "Others will come here to join the circle of worshipers. Humble shepherds, and even the wise ones of theworld will come here to behold the DESERET FEDERAL

Prince of Peace."SAVINGS A LOAN ASSOCIATION

HOME OFFICE: BRANCH OFFICE: 44 South Main 0fagj 160 N. University Ave. Salt Lake City Provo, Utah

PROPHECY Jos. E. Kjar, President—Clarence Tingey, VicePresident

by Eunice J. Miles

At times We question how PROVIDES PEACE OF MIND

A human soul can write FOR THE ENTIRE FAMILY TtoS&ttotrfPk live, wherever you cash, ProvidesProphetic poetry in power mortucosts at any to pay funeral

And truth. low,ary protectsyou choose.one Costpersonis oramazinglyentire

And yet 1 familyto 80. ifNodesired.medicalAvailableexam requiredat ages

The prophet's pen in most cases. Write now for details.

Can trace eternal words That send a living message down

The years.

DECEMBER 1957 947 "Eye Hath Not Seen"Church, and there you were given a Now may I look on the negative patriarchal blessing. Elder Karl G. side of this question for just a mo-

(Continued) the power and gift Maeser spoke of patriarchal blessings ment? May I call five great prophets

of Christ; wherefore ye may know as "paragraphs from the book of your of the Book of Mormon to witness

with a perfect knowledge it is of possibilities."If you read that patrito one of the greatest tragic experiGod. (Moroni 7:16.) archal blessing now, you will see ences that can come to individuals—

That is the first safeguard you may what the spirit of prophecy has held to have the Lord withdraw his Spirit have. If you live true to the spirit, up to you as what you can become, from you? And when he speaks of his

you will know with a certainty better tomorrow than you have been Spirit, it isn't the Holy Ghost, bewhether a thing is of God or whether today. Read it again and again and cause many of these spoken of by

it is of evil. There will be a warnsee held out to you glorious promthe prophets had not received the

ing and a preparation to withstand, ises, if you will only be true. gift of the Holy Ghost. This Spirit

if you will only give heed to the enMaybe you have neglected someabout which I am to read from the lightenment of that spirit of intellithing you could have had, which I prophets has reference to the light gence. fear in this day you put aside as not of Christ I previously explained.

The next blessing that came to you too important, and that is the blessThis, when withdrawn, will make it when you were a babe, probably ing from your own father. difficult for you to pray, difficult for

within a month after your birth, was At some of the times when you you to have direction and guidance, to be taken to the fast meeting in were faced with some of life's greatdifficult for you to withstand evil.

the ward where your parents lived, est challenges, did you ask your Let me read from some of these witand your father or others holding the father to give you a father's blessing? nesses. From the Prophet Nephi,

Holy Priesthood took you in their One of the sweetest experiences of For the Spirit of the Lord will not arms. They gave you a blessing, a my life came to me when my own always strive with man. And when

father's blessing. In that blessing oldest daughter came to my office the Spirit ceaseth to strive with man

perhaps there were words something and asked if I didn't have a father's then cometh speedy destruction, and like these used: blessing to give her. If you haven't this grieveth the soul. (2 Nephi

You are blessed to receive strength done so, go back to your father next 26:11.)

and vitality in body and in mind. time when you go on your vacation; Alma the prophet made this comYou are blessed to have wise and ask him to give you a'father's blessment:

prudent guidance and a desire to ading. And thus we can plainly discern,

vance and grow in the kingdom. Other gifts and blessings have that after a people have been once

As you grew older, at the age of been vouchsafed to you if you have enlightened by the Spirit of God, eight years, when you were judged been willing to accept responsibility and have had great knowledge of to have come to the age of accountin the Church. We have a process things pertaining to righteousness,

ability or at the time of your converwe call setting apart; that is, the and then have fallen away into sin

sion and baptism into the Church, commission of certain gifts and enand transgression, they become more you were given the opportunity of dowments of power and the right to hardened, and thus their state bebeing baptized of water, and followenjoy inspiration when we are orcomes worse than though they had ing that, a baptism of spirit by the dained to the priesthood or set apart never known these things. (Alma

laying on of hands. By this experifor an auxiliary office or set apart 24:30.)

ence three things happened to you: to go on a mission. The significance I hope you haven't come to that

First, you had a reclamation from of those blessings is indicated in state, but if you are not careful and the darkness or the first death which what the Lord said to Edward this experience is repeated again, had been suffered by all the children Partridge when he was about to have with each repetition there comes a of Adam and Eve since the time of conferred upon him the Holy Ghost. diminishing of that spirit until you,

the fall. By that process you gained And I will lay my hand upon you like they, will have lost not only the

entrance into the kingdom of God by the hand of my servant Sidney power of the Holy Ghost but also and the initiatory steps necessary for Rigdon, and you shall receive... the the light of the Christ, or the light

entrance into the celestial kingdom, Holy Ghost (D&C36:2.) of intelligence.

on condition that you would keep The next thing you must do if you From the book of Helaman:

yourself a fit temple in which the want to be safe, is to keep active in... Because of the hardness of the

Holy Ghost could dwell. You were the Church. Seek for positions hearts of the people of the Nephites,

given also the right to receive the where you can have, by the setting except they repent, I will take away gift of the Holy Ghost, one of the apart of those who preside over you, my word from them, and I will withGodhead, a companionship which the endowment of special gifts that draw my Spirit from them, and I you could enjoy and which would will help to keep you strong in the will suffer them no longer, and 1 will give you special gifts and special faith. turn the hearts of their brethren

endowments of power as you lived The only place on earth where you against them. (Hel. 13:8.)

and cultivated your worthiness to can receive the fulness of the blessFrom the Prophet Mormon:

receive its holy promptings. ings of the priesthood is in the holy For behold, the Spirit of the Lord

Perhaps the next thing, when you temple. Here is the only place hath already ceased to strive with

grew a little older, if you had liswhere through holy ordinances you their fathers; and they are without

tened to counsel, and your parents and your companion can receive that Christ and God in the world; and

had likewise followed wise counsel, which will qualify you for an exaltathey are driven about as cl%aff before you were taken to a patriarch in the tion in the celestial kingdom. the wind. (Mormon 5:16.)

948 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AMrtk It'll be a Merrier Christm as thanks to

Green Stamps

Lots of happy folks these days are doing their Christmas shopping without spending a dime—thanks to S & H Green Stamps.

And it's so easy! Just thumb through the S & H catalog. You'll find

over fifty pages of wonderful ideas. But this is only a small part of the

many items available. Take your filled stamp books to your nearby

S & H Green Stamp Redemption Center and browse around. Choose

from the tremendous selection of distinguished merchandise. You'll

find more than 1500 nationally known quality products!

Make it a merrier Christmas. Save as you spend, with S & H!

Get a discount for paying cash for your purchases, in the form of S & H Green Stamps.

Trade with the nearly 600 efficient, progressive OR.EEN

Utah merchants who give you something extra STAMPS when you shop—S & H Green Stamps.

The oldest and most reliable stamp plan. S & H

deem a stamp in 61 years. fyi MERCHANTS ASSOCIATION OF UTAH has never failed to reDECEMBER 1957 949

And finally from the brother of self, "How does he know, unless he

Jared: has sinned as I have? How does a

And the brother of Jared repented General Authority know?"Well,

of the evil which he had done, and he reasoned it in his mind, maybe did call upon the name of the Lord vicariously one in his position can for his brethren who were with him. know and maybe he has had experiAnd the Lord said unto him: I will ences with those who have lost the

forgive thee and thy brethren of their Spirit, so that he knows. With these

sins; but thou shalt not sin any more, things on his mind, the excommunifor ye shall remember that my Spirit cated brother went home and began

will not always strive with man; to write, and he put in my hands the

wherefore, if ye will sin until ye are results of his thinking. This article

fully ripe ye shall be cut off from the is one of the saddest things that I presence of the Lord.... (Ether have read in a long time. This man

2:15.) had been a teacher. He said:

This, as you now see, means the "While I was enjoying the Spirit withdrawing of that vital light which of the Holy Ghost, I could read the all could have enjoyed if they would scriptures and the unfoldment of the have kept the commandments. truths would come before me, and

Now, may I take another example I was thrilled. That power is gone

to impress how much farther one today. That day I heard that termay go. Recently there came to my rible word in the high council trial,

office a man who a few years ago 'You are hereby excommunicated,'was excommunicated from the it was as though a pall of darkness

Church because of a very serious fell, and now instead of light, there is transgression. After these years of doubt and wavering in my faith. I

sad, humiliating, tragic experience, am wandering and I am struggling he is wondering how he can find his without that light. In prayer I used

way back into the Church. Well, to be able to kneel down and get a

you might ask me, "Why should he tremendous lift from my prayer.

have been excommunicated?"The Even while I was sinning, even up to

more we give to a person in this the point of my excommunication, I

Church, the more the Lord expects got some comfort from it, but now of him. We wouldn't baptize a perit is as though a dome of steel isALUMINUM son unless we are assured that he is over my head, and I seem not to be

repentant of his sins. We wouldn't able to pray. The spirit that leads STORM WINDOWS

AND DOORS thinkupon himof conferringunless we thefelt Holythat heGhostwas tobeenthelost.presence of our Father has

Don't ever again take down prepared to receive it. We wouldn't "I used to enjoy performing the

and put up those old fashioned give to him the Holy Priesthood, ordinances of the Church, especially storm windows! Replace them which would only be a burden he is in behalf of my own children, to

now with inexpensive WEPCO not prepared to carry, unless we bless them, to baptize them, to conDuo-Matic 3-track storm and thought he was worthy of it. And firm them, to ordain them to the

screen windows made of exso it is when one has sinned so seripriesthood, and now to have to stand truded aluminum. Sizes to fit ously that to hold further memberby while some other takes my place,

most windows and can be cusship or to hold the Holy Priesthood has been one of the saddest experitom fitted so easily you can would be as a stumbling block and ences that has come to me. And

install yourself. You have a burden rather than a blessing; in going to the temple—of course, I

nothing to remove or store... the wisdom of the Lord, these privihave been refused that privilege tochanges instantly from screen leges are taken from him that he day. I no longer can go there and

to storm window and keeps might be ground as "clay in the enjoy that sweet peace. I stand as

home comfortable year around. hands of the potter,"again tried and though I had never been within those

tested until after that testing he is sacred walls. I go to Sacrament

$ I can't worthy of partake again to receive these holy meeting; Sacrathe AS AS LOW 14V blessings. ment. I can't tithing, even pay my storm Famous DuoDor WEPCO

doors available at only $42.75 This man had been excommuniwhich I realize was a great blessing

(any size) cated. He was sitting in a stake to me. I have lost the respect of my

conference a few weeks ago. One family. My children, a son now

SEE YOUR LOCAL of the General Authorities was there grown, tolerate me, but I know that

LUMBER DEALER and was talking about some of these deep in their hearts there is a shame matters. The General Authority because they bear the name of a

DISTRIBUTED BY said, "One of the most terrible things father who hasn't lived worthily.

all is to lose serious the of "But the most my reflections I MORRISONthatSpirityouof cantheexperienceLord."This has excomhave come when

sat there and said to himcontemplated death. Years ago I MERRILL & CO. municant

Building Material Distributors

950 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BIG FARMING built for yon

Powerful New

DYNAMIC D-17 Big Farming! More acres per day! The Big New Dynamic D-17

plows a strip nearly six feet wide.

Yes, it's allnew—with convenience features never heard of before in big tractors. It will let you do more work—with less effort

—and with a lower investment.

The new D-17 can really cover the acres with NEW BIG

TOOLS... 5-bottom plow, 15foot tandem disc, 24run grain drill, with new exclusive or a line of field cultivators to match.

Here's a big farm tractor with a new feel of authority. You'll

like its commanding allnew PowerCrater engine—its new comQuick-shift onthe-go fort with centerride seat, roomy platform, convenient new controls

in two speed ranges. and instruments.

Eight speeds forward. The new Power Director (The Big Stick) lets you select the

For power takeoff opright working speed without clutching or affecting PTO speed.

eration, you can vary The automatic Traction Booster system provides the extra each speed for those traction to get you through those tough places.

tough or rough spots You'll want to see and try this allnew big AllisChalmers D-17,

THE "BIG STICK"... yet retain constant gasoline or diesel. Stop in at your AllisChalmers dealer.

Hue PTO speed. ALUSCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION, MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSIN

LOWLINE, HIGHCROP design Both D -17 and D -14 Tractors span tall crops.

Newtype 4-row "swingin"cultivators are mounted in an easier, allnew way.

Both tractors have new RollShift front wheels and PowerShift rear wheels that space without a jack. SnapCoupler hitch

—of course! Illustrated: D-17 Tractor with

10ft., 6-in. Model K offset Disc Harrow.

PowerCrater, Traction Booster and SnapCoupler are AllisChalmers trademarks AC> ALLISCHALMERS

Engineering in Action DECEMBER 1957 951 used to think of death as an entrance en wants for us, and that is why he More to be desired are they than into a greater life... into the preshas given us commandments to keep, gold, yea, than much fine gold:

ence of the Lord. Now when I think and not for any other reason. Health sweeter also than honey and the

about it, I have a feeling of horror, and happiness and success are what honeycomb.

and for the first time I know what our parents want for us, and that Moreover by them is thy servant the scripture means when it says: is why they give us counsel and warned: and in keeping of them

And it shall come to pass that commandments, and not for any there is great reward.

in diethose that other reason. not taste have one mind me shall We his errors? can understand Who

it shall for it deserves be sweet unto and one and memory,of death, to cleanse thou me from secret clear clean.them; faults. and be have one We

last earthly for a Keep back thy servant also from body which must And they tliat die not in me, wo unto them, for their death is bitter. lifetime. Our Maker planned it that presumptuous sins; let them not have

(D & C 42:4647.) way. He knows what is good for us. dominion over me; then shall I be

upright and I shall be innocent from will give us health knows what He "I of these had heard the warnings great transgression. happiness success peace the and and and other unpleasantand conditions that

would result when the Spirit of the inside ourselves. That is why he Let the words of my mouth, and

Lord was withdrawn because of told us how to live, and that is why the meditation of my heart, be actransgression. The warnings have he has told us how to leave some ceptable in thy sight, O Lord, my

been given many times by the Genthings alone."strength, and my redeemer. (Psalm

eral Authorities as they come to our Oh, my dear girl, read that plac19:7-14.)

meetings to counsel us. How often ard. Look at those pictures. Be Dear girl, if you will memorize

I failed to heed their warning! How impressed with what we are trying that and let that be the prayer of

often I have asked myself, probably to say to you. "Be honest with youryour heart, we will pray for you;

unconsciously, if they really knew self. Be smart. Be clean. Be we'll uphold you; we'll sustain you;

what they were talking about! Now virtuous. Be healthy. Be happy."and God in heaven, who will hear

I am being taught the correctness of your piteous cry of anguish in the their words by the most costly of all hours of your repentance, will wash teachers, experience. I know now clean your sins in the atoning blood

that their warnings were inspired. I "Faith is an eternal principle; beof the Lord and Savior of the world.

know now that the conditions they lief is an admission of the fact. Faith, God grant to all of us and to all

said would follow in the darkness to us, is the gift of God; belief is the youth of Zion the answer to the

that comes with the loss of the spirit inherent in the children of men, and query of this beautiful girl: How

to transgression, were as sure to folis the foundation for the reception can I gain the vital strength neceslow as the night follows the day. I of faith."sary to resist temptation? Yes, it is

add my warning as one who is being—Brigham Young from spiritual experiences such as

taught by sorrowful costly experithese that youth may gain the spirit ence, to that of the leaders, and give power, the heart power necessary to testimony that they know whereof withstand temptation. And if little

they speak. It is given in hope that troubles come, bitterness overtakes

someone will be moved to heed the Yesterday, as a child, your mediyou, differences arise in your homes counsel of these wise men before he cine had to be sugarcoated. You (you young married couples who

too has regrets that cannot be overare not a child any longer: you are are here today struggling with life's

come and sorrows that cannot be as- a grownup, and you have to take problems), if you will only go to the suaged."your medicine straight and without places where the Lord is pouring

Dear girl, be thankful to God that any sugarcoating from here on. out his Spirit and will receive the

you haven't yet sinned to a point Let us all turn to the Bible along strength necessary to make you love where you have been excommuniwith this girl, and read something in instead of hate, then you have cated from the Church; but if this the book of Psalms. Will you memolearned a lesson early in your life

continues and you do not repent, rize this and let it be in your minds that perhaps will forestall the futhen perhaps that terrible fate will constantly? Here is the prayer of ture's saddest years.

also have to be yours in order that one who had sinned seriously and Oh, youth of Zion, the noblest of you too can be ground and refined, knew whereof he spoke. Listen now, young manhood and young womanuntil as clay in the hands of the and memorize it: hood who walk the earth today, I

potter, you are again judged to be The law of the Lord is perfect, beseech you, be loyal to the royal worthy to receive your blessings. converting the soul: the testimony of within you, as children of the Saints

As you walk the halls of our meetthe Lord is sure, making wise the of the Most High God, for I bear ing place, you look at those placards simple. you my solemn testimony that these

that we are now sending out all over The statutes of the Lord are right, are the blessings of which the Prophthe Church for youth to read and rejoicing the heart: the commandet Isaiah spoke, and of which the

by which to be guided. We are givment of the Lord is pure, enlightenApostle Paul spoke when he said,

ing you to carry with you and to ing the eyes. Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard,

memorize one of these cards with a The fear of the Lord is clean, enneither have entered into the heart caption which says, "Be honest with during for ever: the judgments of the of man, the things which God hath

yourself.""Health and happiness and Lord are true and righteous altoprepared for them that love him.

success are what our Father in heavgether. (I Cor. 2:9.)

952 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA * ft!i-'>n <;—i i i oB'Wi ii iynw> Jmni.i,., itnMl* *,.J{,i..,W il, Wwy 4, rwJ1|||,rt1|M. w,,, p,,,,

ir * #*fe %L

a * a i2ctUi4r''b teawtl(Q6 P!! ft

-><- Guaranteed, of course! Fuller Lifetime Mirrors are

made of sparkling Pittsburgh Plate Glass, expertly silvered and CopperSealed for lasting beauty. All this at no FULLER

more cost than ordinary mirrors! Choose from a wide PAINTS GLASS

range of styles and sizes. At fine department and furniture

stores, and at Fuller Paint and Glass Stores. W- P- FU LLER & CODECEMBER 1957 953

Save By Mail PRAYER FOR BANGING DOORS by Jane Merchant 9 X) I heard them bang the door of our new homeEarn... /

With eager haste, while rushing in to tell to pray... With Safet AsSomewomenhappywill,schooldayin secret,news,"Letandus pauseddwell

So lovingly that doors are banged for joy

Alone. I would not have my children mouseJHi,N,.J*M'li**, Demure, too prim to make a noise—but let

No door he banged in anger in this house."

Earn more for your J ELBERT money... a full R. Operation Andrew ourselves while our brothers and

4% with complete CURTIS sisters lose the celestial kingdom.

safety at this state President (Continued) us some valuable Wherever a great man goes, this government superlessons. When they find someone "spiritual fallout"makes other men

vised institution. toin cometrouble,to church,they don'tnorjustdo theyinvitemerehim better.a dry alfalfaIn the field.late fallTheI walkedirrigationby

Open an account by ROBERT ly write him a postcard or say a water had been carried by means of mailingin as little V. prayer in his behalf. They go in a ditch past the dry alfalfa to nourish

as $1 now. EarnHODGEN person, and they go now, and they more valuable crops. But in two or

ings computed semiExecutive go charged with a helpful purpose, three places the water had broken annually. VicePres. and they go with a program. And over the bank and run down into

when they get there, they don't the dry field. Wherever these "fintalk about the weather or the elecgers of moisture"had reached ouj

tion, and they don't talk in a disinto the alfalfa, the crop could be interested, halfhearted, unfriendly seen standing eight or ten inches way. And they don't quit until they higher than that which had received

get their job done, and then they no water. It is the same wherever

ASSN. SAVINGS LOAN AND

DRIVE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH come back again and again until the a good man goes.2186 HIGHLAND

sheep is back on his feet. As an example, I know an Aaronic

Someone was telling of the period Priesthood adviser with nineteen when he was courting his wife. His deacons, every single one of whom

friend said, "Why didn't you just has qualified for an individual call on her once?"Alcoholics Anonyaward in each of the past three NOW... mous and those doing their courting years. Last year the adviser made

the 1958 manual for the havelative.foundEachthattimesuccessyou putis accumu-a little 268theirpersonalhomes tovisitstalk tointerestinglythese boys toin

Gospel Doctrine Department more fuel on the fire, you raise the them and their parents about their of the general level of accomplishment. eternal salvation. Like Andrew, he

An effective contact with another was bringing them to Jesus.

Sunday Schools personality is not only one of the It may be argued that this "permost stimulating experiences, it is sonal work"takes time. But is there

also one of the most pleasant. "Isola- a better way? If our work is worth

tion"or "banishment"from our kind doing, it is worth doing right. And

is the greatest punishment. The this is the only way to give to each

shipwrecked Enoch Arden was the exact help that fits his need.

forced to live by himself for a long If a doctor has a dozen patients, period. Tennyson said, "He had no he gives each one a separate diagfor sustenance."treatment. want not and does could nosis He He Selections from the satisfy prescription for every important a mass material broken make

Discourses of need. But Tennyson said, "What legs, ruptured appendix, and weak

President David O. McKay he fain would see he could not see: hearts. A good doctor meets his

a kindly human face or ever hear patient on an individual, faceto-face

Paperbound and Abridged to a kindly human voice."basis, and often. He knows he can't

Many have made shipwreck of always do a very good job through 516 Pages their faith and live in spiritual isothe mail or over the telephone or by $1.75 lation. Their need for warm, friendmental telepathy. Neither does he

ly, spiritual stimulation is as great merely say a prayer for the one in

Clothbound Regular Editions as that of Enoch Arden or any alcotrouble. Rather, he puts on his

holic. Here is our great opportunity. trousers and goes in person. So it

$4.00 But as Nero fiddled while Rome should be with us.

burned, and the soldiers diced while One might listen to a great

Published by Jesus died, so we sometimes absent preacher from now until the cows

The Improvement Era

954 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When you give a Bible to someone you love—give the finest!,

are traditionally the most beautiful.

Unsurpassed in craftsmanship... hand bound in leathers:

of the first quality... superb examples of the

bookmaker's art, they cost only a little more,

and their value far exceeds their price.

01152X

torSomeone special Zhe studious reader

Simplified samepage notes and 02227x The year's outstanding Bible—your Church Ceader 22

special with helps study are combined irresistat Bible an Oxford de luxe a bindgrain natural Morocco 1 79x The in Pilgrim guides Oxford's famous grained price. Marrakesh ibly low Bible Reference Scofield this of ing

Bible. Moroccoette, Blue x 5'/s x 7% refcenter lined. leather Persian, With well for study and will serve and long 1%". $9.50 Bible Study erences, new Concordance, lined. Leather preparation. lesson

Helps, colored maps and many other 5'/2x8'/8, only %"thick. $22.00

features. 5 xlV& x vViq". In black or

red. $10.75 your favorite youngster

Zhe bride 172 The perfect "first"Scofield Bible Mother silveredged dainty, 01152x text for student. A a young Moroccoette luxury matchless and beauty 188x The white French Bible in washable bound binding, 5Vz x 8 ]/8 x l ]/s". $10.00 this Scofield Seal Pin genuine of make certificate. marriage With Morocco.

perfect Bible the Reference 5/s'$5.75 boxed. x Gift x 5% 3% gift.%"lined. 5 ]/2 only Leather x 8'/s,

thick. $30.00

Zhe bride and groom NOTE: All these Bibles contain the comthe plete text Dad of Authorized King in their Bible belongs family 158x A size Scofield large 1 87x This Reference addition, In these ScoVersion. James size in Bible Scofield home. handy A is durable. Bible both and field handsome helps Bibles Reference contain lined binding, leather French Morocco,

binding, leather grained text, Hand the Morocco as the and notes page on same in red, black or Record. Family

lined. blue, black, In brown, maps, Concordance, other and many thick. 7 with%"only x $16.50 Vic, 4% green,%"]/2 red. 5 8Vs, or only maroon, x features. Bibles All corners, have round

thick $25.00 AT. YOUR BOOKSELLER and gold edges unless otherwise noted.

Otd-/?/nete&& {fyf &iM Since /67S

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS, Inc. 114 Fifth Avenue, New York J \

DECEMBER 1957 955 come home and not be greatly af- % fected.professionalBut interest,a personal,tailormadeindividual,to

fit each particular situation, will 5 Christmas dolls with solveespeciallyalmosttrueeveryif problem.the solutionThis isis

transmitted through an understandadd-to wardrobes... ing,The friendly,influenceradioactivethus producedpersonality.is too

powerful to be resisted. And when

this radio beam is directed toward all at getting men and women into the celestial kingdom, it can become the most productive force known in the world. Salvation itself is an individual matter and can best be

handled on an individual basis.

1 A great mission president once said that if you have a bucket of milk to be put into twelve milk

MUFFIE bottles, the best way to proceed is

Walks, closes opens eyes. and to not at throw the botthe bucket 8"tall with rooted blond, brunette

tles; rather, bottle each should be hair. or Basic auburn doll, 1.98.

Dresses 1.00 to 5.98. given individual attention. And that

is the best way to solve problems and develop spirituality in the lives **,<* ivOWHWKMWW w<>>*wV-x-*->'of people. Then treatment can be

given as it is needed, where it is it is needed, and in CISSETTE needed, when the right amounts. There would be Walking 10"teenage doll

with high heels and popular many thousands more members of teen fashions. the Church get into the celestial

Outfits 1.00 to 6.95. kingdom if we could just get this

Doll and outfit shown, 2.95 parable of the lost sheep under our

belts and learn to do it well.

Not only should the message be <S>WW'W:W;-:-:>;Vo::-::v interesting, but so also should the

messenger be. The highest function

of a teacher may not always be to impart knowledge. It may someGINETTE times be to promote friendship, prodoll of Baby soft, unduce confidence, make situations washable breakable,

vinyl plastic. Drinks pleasant, and give a general uplift.

and wets. Very little learning takes place unOutfits 1.00 to 4.00. til the student and the teacher reach

As shown, 5.50. common ground, where a desire to

learn is present. It should not be

forgotten that the visit should always be made in the personal, individual interest of the one being

BETSY McCALL visited. If he has a- grievance, help

New 8"walking doll with him to unload it. If he has somehair. rooted after Designed is thing that him, help bothering

cutout doll, Betsy McCall 2.25

get it out of his system. him to 1.50 to 3.00. Costumes

ZCMI TOYLAND - Third Floor A good psychiatrist listens and asks questions and understands un- / til the patient empties himself. Then

,V ffi1GOT BANNERS. he is ready to learn. The psychiatrist

doesn't try to win too many arguments. His job is to extract the

poison that is causing the patient

Nome.. nar9e D O, distress. Only then is he in a position to give help,

Almost every life has disappoint- 'ncluc/e 23c bIT"Zne Sf'e ments and sins and complexes, and after the steam has been blown off

Z/a s 'afe fox.

956 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA or the sin has been purged, the soul may be in a position to let the sunlight in. Many times a sympathetic

ear has been used as a steppingstone to the celestial kingdom, whereas if the person had not been given an opportunity to air his feelings, they might have continued to fester until cure was impossible.

What a great power for good we hold in our hands in our ability to bring souls to Jesus. "Operation

Andrew"should be a most vital part of the work of every worker in the

Church.

These Times

(Continued) rest on the International Atomic Energy Agency, created under the auspices of the

United Nations. Approved earlier in

1957 by the principal membergov- ernments, the IAEA was formally launched on its career at meetings in

Vienna in October 1957. Representative Sterling Cole of New York is

first formal head of the new agency.

4. No matter how shortlived or

"primitive"the Russian "Sputnik"of

October 4, 1957; no matter how

many bigger, better, costlier, and complicated satellites are launched;

the world has to face the facts of

Russian advancement in education, science, and technology since 1920.

In the Era for March 1956 this column reviewed the 400page volume entitled, Soviet Professional

Manpower, a volume published by the National Science Foundation of the United States and based on exhaustive research. This review reported that since the 1920's the

Soviet Union has graduated about 42 percent more engineering professionals than the United States (682,000 compared to 480,000). The

fruit of this educational investment still lies in the future.

In this same column in August IT COST1956, in a discussion of education HOW MUCH WOULD and national security, it was pointedout that many Americans believe the TO REPLACE YOUR HOME?

Russian tenyear school is better than the American twelvegrade, The average homeowner today cartwelve-year school (at least in its ries only 40% enough fire insurance. Let us check your

scientific content); and, in the opinHe's thinking backward to what his replacement valion of Dr. William Benton, "perhaps property cost, instead of forward to

comparable to a couple of years at what it would cost to REPLACE it. ues for you.

a top college."Why? The Soviet

tenyear school graduate (he enters at age seven) leaves with algebra, UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

Heber J. Grant & Co., General Agents Salt Lake City

DECEMBER 1957 957 LOCKHART Thrift Certificates PAY.... Freedom and Conformity

Richard L. Evans

114-j-:-v:::: Alwaysdom andandforce—ofever beforewhat usweis dothewillingly,question becauseof free-

S THE we want to, and what we do because we feel we miscan conformity be and Freedom much 7'WORDSPOKEN must. i t'all ages. of those the young, understood—by and by

Sometimes, paradoxically, a person may much enjoy what has been rebel against certain set yet of standards, brought about and by a INTEREST received on the LAST Funds example, someit about. standards that the very For brought have

Day of the month EARN a times those who like to live in a free land seek to undermine the

FULL MONTH'S Interest foundations of the very freedom under which they like to live.

People like the protection of law. But when it is applied to them

they often feel that there is unfairness. Look, for example, at the

laws of highway speed and safety. They are generally considered

to be essential, but when someone is fined for exceeding the limits of the law, he may feel that there is unfairness—for others were

paradox: at another as fast or faster. for example Look, Co. goingThe LOCKHART of the conduct to the foolish willingly conform youth Sometimes AN JNDUSTRIAL LOANCCO.

crowd, yet seem to resent following what would clearly be for their benefit. They may, for example, resent going to school or

complying with the required curriculum. (While those who don't

have the privilege would gratefully seek and accept it, yet those

Established in 1926 who have come to expect society to provide all the education they

HOME OFFICE at can absorb, sometimes seem to go to class with the feeling that they

MAIN and EXCHANGE in SALT LAKE CITY are doing a favor for someone except themselves.) Another exSupervised by ample: some seem to resent the conformity that calls for keeping

UTAH STATE BANKING DEPARTMENT the commandments. Yet we couldn't long live together in this

world without some considerable keeping of the commandments.

Nor are they arbitrary. The Lord God hasn't simply sat down

and thought up a series of "thou shalt not's."He knows us. He

knows our nature. He knows what will make us happy or unhappy. And in a sense each basic law or commandment enforces

itself. Each law of nature enforces itself. If we don't keep them

its aspects is an evil. OIULEDGE we simply pay a price. Coercion in many of

Taking freedom from another person by fear or force is, in many of its aspects, an evil. There is no more fundamental law in the

gospel of the Master than the free agency of man. But this we IS would say to youth, and to all others also: the wisest, most intelligent use of freedom is using freedom to live within the law. And

the wisest decision a man can make is to conform to high standards, to the keeping of the commandments, to living with the law. Willing conformity to law gives man his finest freedom.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the or you Columbia Broadcasting System, October 6, 1957, Copyright 1957.

CONFIDENCE

by Hazel M. Thomson

MAIL TO UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNG Services Last night the trees were gray and bare, and Extension Education Adult

Home Study And stood exposed in clear, cold air,

Provo, Utah So dull and bleak against the snow,

Yet straight and strong, as if they know,

Name is lost, the dark before long Address That of frost. in robes clothed will be They

City & State Please send me without cost Brigham Young University's Home Study Catalog

958 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This year your gas company has brought the warmth of natural gas to many more homes in the area we serve. For this we are both

proud and thankful. And now, as the yule

approaches, all of us at Mountain Fuel Supply

Company wish you and yours a most joyous holiday season. We are proud to be a factor in

the development of this territory.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY CO.

DECEMBER 1957 959 trigonometry, and geometry, four ously as the people of the United enormous salaries, one can underyears of physics and chemistry, two States."And, it continued, "far more stand how Soviet youth are being

years of biology, and six years of a generously than any other people motivated to develop their intellecforeign language. in history."tual gifts and talents. Professors are

How many college graduates readPresident Eisenhower's Committee the geese that lay the golden eggs in ing this column have had as stiff on Education Reyond The High this age of science and technologytraining? The point for the future School in the USA, in 1957 could reprofessional manpower. The next

is to reckon with the fact that the port that in 1955 Americans spent generation of topflight Soviet prosocial and technological effects of $85 per capita for liquor and tofessors seems assured. Moreover

this kind of scientific education are bacco, $15.77 for parimutuel betting, there will be keen competition for

yet to be felt in the world. Look to $79.00 for recreation, and $18.51 for the full professorships available,

1975. The Russian youngsters now education. The purpose of educafrom top, youthful talent.

starting a tenyear school at age tion is not to build earth satellites or Love of teaching, love of acaseven will then be through their weapons. Rut as Dr. Renton said demic life, love of students, books,

fiveyear university program and in addressing the American Associaresearch, laboratories, and libraries at age 25 will have been three years tion for Higher Education in Chiare all powerful forces. Will this

in field, factory, laboratory, or cago, March 1956: "Soviet education love, nurtured by dedicated men and

arsenal. poses threats more ominous than the women, be sufficient to provide

Some readers of this column may hydrogen bomb."To which can similar topflight talent in the West,

recall that in February 1948 it was now be added, "more ominous than Europe, the United States, when our pointed out that House Document an ICRM."present great scientific teachers re754, 79th Congress (Communism in 5. The immediate burden on Amertire in the next ten or fifteen years

Action, prepared under the direction ican education, especially higher or will the low salaries divert the of Everett M. Dirksen, now US education, remains what it always American youth to other fields?

Senator from Illinois) showed that has been. It has its financial, scienIn reality the issues in scientific

the Soviet government spent over tific, and liberalspiritual side. I and technical education are not

eight percent of its national income rather suspect that Americans in financial. They are basically spirfor education in 1945, compared 1958 will suddenly find themselves itual. Whether or not education

with two percent in the United spending more of their national inin the West solves its financial probStates. Said that report: come here, if no less on liquor, tolem, western education must, at the

"In proportion to national income bacco, and cosmetics. The financial present juncture of history at least,

the Russian people are supporting side cannot be overestimated. Reoutperform current Soviet educaeducation several. times as genercause top Soviet professors receive tion in two ways: (1) in sheer scienSA VI $35.35 NOW lor CHRISTMAS

Bell & Howell MOVIE OUTFIT Brilliant, fuEIcoior home movies make a gift the whole family will enjoy... so take advantage

of this offer now! Includes 8mm camera (with

Sun Dial), 8mm projector, tripod screen, gadget bag and color film. $145.25 ValueFOR ONLY $109.90

Pay Nothing Down... Only $1.50 A Week!

MAIL ORDER: I enclose $ (at least $10) and will pay $10

per month on this $109.90 B&H outfit until paid in full.

NAME WIFE'S NAME.

273 So. Main, 155 So. Main, 2190 Highland Drive in Salt Lake City

ADDRESS. EMPLOYER.. J Other Camera Departments in Ogden, Provo and Idaho Falls

960 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tific achievement, including the promeans the material wherewithal for depend on it nor leave it to chance!

duction and training of professional a sturdy, stout economic and politiThe demands on the West to promanpower for all fields of life, not cal society. duce scholars and gentlemen must

merely for the arsenal; (2) in the Far more important than the be read in new and searching light.

great humanistic fields of liberal launching of the first satellite is the Never before have the words "scholeducation, where the ultimate in truth of the old adage, "knowledge ar and gentleman"connoted so much teaching, in studying, and in underis power."To paraphrase the lines nor demanded so much from those

standing leads to the conclusion that of a hymn, the world has received a who seek knowledge, and from those man is a spiritual being. This phase lesson that "the knowledge and who seek to impart and, by means

of education is rather buried and power of the Soviet Union are adof research, to add to knowledge.

sidetracked in the Soviet Union. vancing."Let us hope that as they Perhaps there is new meaning for

Only the qualities of the human plumb the universe for new facts scholarship in these times in the spirit known to Soviet doctrine are and methodologies, that something words of Jesus, "Blessed are the nurtured and given sustenance. The of gentleness, love, and faith may meek, for they shall inherit the

great yearnings and aspirations of also come to light. But let us not earth."

the soul as revealed in the literature and life of man, in odd circumstances throughout the wide world, are obscured save as fodder for political technique.

The world has long needed thelesson that matter and spirit, things SAVE material and things beyond, are inseparable from each other. Given

time, Soviet science and Soviet education must inevitably stumble towith the FINEST wards this truth and recognize the great humane values that are revealed in the life of man, the valuesthat testify of the divine spark NEW ALLWEATHER kindled from man's divine parentage. But in that time, western education must kindle and nurture those Motor Oil

values as never before, as it undertakes to provide through scientific

SAVE A Reading Christmas Gasoline ( Continued )—up to 2 extra gallons

PLAYS TUNIORBUD from a HIGH tankful of gasoline C. Paul JacksonFOOTBALL,

Hastings House, Publishers, New York, 1957. $2.75. Bud, the hero of this story, is a good exUPERample of a junior high boy who loves to SAVE

football.play far at his school So they

football, there isonly play touch but an Motor Oil interschool league in his town and much—up to 88% more

inrivalry making the teams. The book is miles per quartfull of fun and excitement.

One feature of the book is an appended section taken from an actual junior football clinic sports schedule, giving rules, SAVE plays, footin juniortype and instructions ball.-E. /. M. Your Motor

THE FLAG BOOK, Preben Kannik—eliminate valve

M. Barrows & Co., Inc., Neiv York. 1957. lifter rusting

196 pages. Illustrated. $3.50.

Of the 196 pages in this book, 132 are plates indicating the various flags and standards of the nations of the world. The

text following these plates explains the historical development of flags, the proper use of the United States flag, a glossary, and an index, and will prove interesting and valuable.—M. C. J. G/ve your cor the core it deserves at Ufoco dealers

where you expect more and yea get hi

DECEMBER 1957 961 Today's Family Eileen Gibbons, Editor

CHRISTMAS and CHILDREN A kindergarten teacher once told me she would rather teach all summer than have to manage a roomful of small children the last two weeks before Christmas. She had

taught for many years, and she dreaded the Yule season.

As each day brought Christmas nearer, it became increasingly difficult to keep the class under control. Boys and

girls who were normally cooperative and wellbehaved became balky, tearful, and tense. The problem children

became virtually unmanageable before they were finally released, with a long sigh from the teacher, for Christmas vacation.

This woman felt that one cause of this preChristmas tension is the stress on the Santa Claus legend—the "if you're

good, you'll get something!"In her opinion, this stress

leads to worry and nervousness and multiplies the tension we normally expect as our children anticipate Christmas.

I believe that an even greater source of tenseness in children at Christmas is the increased "busyness,"bustle, and rush of the grownup world. We adults can work off

our excitement, but in our hurry the children often get pushed aside to await the great day. They are anxious,

tense, a little worried, ready to burst with curiosity, and there is nothing to do!

Of course, we busy ourselves because of them. Christmas

is for children. But this does not mean that in their minds

it should connote only surprise and suspense—only toys,

candy, and colorfully decorated trees. The observance of

the birth of Christ—for the children as well as for the

parents—should bring a spirit of love and peace into homes

instead of the concern, hustle, and exhaustion that often accompany the season.

Children are just as capable as adults of enjoying all by itself the true meaning of Christmas. My three active,

healthy children love the thought of Baby Jesus and the shepherds. They'll choose to sing "The First Noel"before

"Santa Claus Is Coming to Town"anytime. I don't mean

to imply that we should do away with Santa. Although

there has been something of a trend in the last decade to unmask and dethrone the old gentleman, to me he is too dear and too harmless a myth for such a measure. As long

as he is treated with a light hand and kept in his place, he offers no threat, only delight to a small child's understanding

962 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA t'For cruise -like comfort—go B/G-O/"

Largest and Fastest Liners to AUSTRALIA NEW ZEALAND

Your transPacific trip is a vacation in itself, aboard any of Orient Line's Big-0 express ships. Three blissful weeks of sunshine and sea

.. relaxing on spacious sports decks..by Thais T. Williams air.

pampered by fine food and flawless British service! Everything's on tap for your pleasure

... swimming pools, airconditioned publicof Christmas. He has one major

allowance, generous comfree baggagetrait in common with Christ: He rooms,

classes. Tourist living quarters. fortable Three

gives because he loves. And this is roundtrip, from $554 to Auckland, $604 to

the spirit that should permeate the Sydney. Regular West Coast sailings, via

whole of Christmas. Beyond this, Hawaii and Fiji. See your local travel agent.

Santa should stay on the same plane

FOR GLOBETROTTING: Orient Line connecas the elves and fairies, not sometions from Australia to Europe, with transthing taught or preached ("You'd Atlantic return in any Cunarder.

better be 'good—you'd better not

cry"), but simply enjoyed like Cinderella and Pooh Bear. Orient"There's no better wayline

We can help our children enjoy to cross the Pacific!"

the Christmas season—the season,

not just the day—and teach them its CUNARD LINE General Passenger Agents in U. S. and Canada

real meaning by giving them somelettingthing them to do; by

of just waitinsteadmake Christmas help Dr. W.W.

ing for it.

But let's not start too early. Let Bauer

the youngsters think about Halloween in October. Give November

back to Thanksgiving Day. (Of Dr. Bauer Is director

course, you, Mother, will have been of health education planning since September if things for the American The are to go smoothly during DecemMedical Association.

ber. There are many things you can DOCTORget out of the way early to give you He is a nationallymore time for your children in recogni2ed authority

December, such as shopping and and he can give you r. - \

knitting or sewing. I like to do my valuable information on

thorough holiday cleaning just before

Thanksgiving; then the house needs how to keep well. His

only a light polishing before we columns are written to be start decorating for Christmas.) understood by everyone.

It may seem next to impossible to Find them on the page find time to create things to keep opposite the editorials in mour children occupied during December, especially when we rememyour family newspaper, the ber how rushed we were last year, Deseret News and Telegram.

but any effort is worth while. Our

children will enjoy Christmas more, and so will we if they are kept busy. BumMT Maws

THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S /tV<&>r4 E W!SPAPER

DECEMBER 1957 963 SALT LAKE MORMON

is quite it TABERNACLE CHOIR cludeIt is oureasy,childrenand so important,in our holidayto indelicate,days. Thisso cookieshe preparesdough well

GOES TO EUROPE1955 preparations. When we make up ahead. Her children do the cutting

our Christmas cards, let's let them and decorating. by

help us think of the names. Let WARREN JOHN "JACK"THOMAS Butter Cookies them send cards of a few their own.

Just Off the Press They will love to help choose the 1 cup butter

COMPLETE TOUR tree and decorate it. Stringing popV2 cup sugar

AND ALL ITS PREPARATION corn or cranberry chains will keep 1 egg them happy for hours or they can 1 tablespoon vanilla make colored paper ropes or paint 3 cups flour pine cones with gilt paint. Even if Vz teaspoon baking powder

we plan elegant decorations too Cream together butter and sugar.

fragile or difficult for children's Add egg and vanilla. Add flour

hands to assemble, let's let them sifted with baking powder. Chill

watch us do it. If they do nothing dough two hours, roll on lightly

more than hand us the glue, they'll floured board, and cut into desired feel they've had a part in things. shapes. Bake 5 minutes in hot oven

And there is the baking. What (425 F. ) or until lightly browned.

child wouldn't rather help make When cool, frost and decorate.

cookies or candy than almost anyIf we aren't sure enough of our thing else in the world? One wonbaking to make cookies for our

still spend delightSPECIAL PRICE: $4.00 derful cook I know sets aside two friends, we can

ful hours children with our making in days December just for making is It interesting, highly authentic, cookies or just for candy fun and cookies. informative, spiritual, One day she intimate, does the and just for family. if the the Even written. charmingly pictures, With fancier things; the other she day candy out comes sugary the press all and reports of concerts in helps her children make decoand foreign countries, flat, cookies and receptions sunken and can have we

rate simple cookies for their of foreign dignitaries. friends. a wonderful time send and some

testimonial The section of foreign These baking days are very special lovely odors drifting the about Mission Presidents, Staff Choir and days for family, her and the big box house. is Choir well members worth the of cookies receive each we year from price it. and your for time reading

A delightful Christmas gift. them is a gift we all look forward to. If children are to enjoy Christmas

Always in included her fullest, to holiday the they a must have record greatest CiA of the is this baking recipe for ginger give: to chance to give of thempiece missionary of the work

is cookies so which simple that selves to give "things."and a Even Church has undertaken."

youngsters can follow it almost by twoyear-old should be allowed the

President David O. McKay themselves. Later they can do their blessed privilege of giving someSecond Edition and a Few First Editions own decorating with colored sugar thing to someone he loves. Any

icing and candy beads. child will remember a beautiful Available At

Ginger Cookies Christmas tree, but he will rememDESERET BOOK CO. ber longer and cherish more in his

East 44 South Temple heart the look of appreciation and flour 2 cups

Salt City, Lake delight the face on Utah Vi of a person who salt teaspoon

Also at 2 teaspoons soda has just opened a gift he made or 1 teaspoon cinnamon earned money for or picked out and

ZION'S BOOK STORE 1 teaspoon cloves wrapped himself. If we want our

East 65 Second South child to appreciative be and un- 1 teaspoon ginger

Salt City, Lake selfish, must apwe be sure we show cup butter or margarine Utah % 1 cup sugar preciation for the things he gives 1 egg us and the things he does for us. If

YOUR ERA V4 cup light molasses hisrewarding,first experienceshe will wantin givingto giveare

Sift together first six ingredients. again.

SUBSCRIPTION Cream together butter and sugar. To make giving really special, let's

Add egg and molasses to creamed help our youngsters plan a gift for

MAY EXPIRE mixture. Stir in dry ingredients. someone outside the close family

Roll dough with hands into small circle—an older person in the neighTo renew just mail your payballs and roll balls in sugar. Place borhood who has been especially

ment of $2.50 along with a copy on greased baking sheet, flatten with kind, a friend in a hospital or rest

of bottom glass, and bake in moderor share home with the "sethem of your address label to (350 ate oven F.) 15 minutes thrill or cret"of giving an anonymous

until light brown. gift to a less fortunate child. This

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Butter cookies are another favorite may be done through organized 50 No. Main St. on my friend's December baking groups such as the firemen or the

Salt Lake City, Utah

964 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Deseret Industries.

Our children's joy in giving will be greatly increased if they earn their own money for the gifts they give. I know a young boy who

sells Christmas cards each year, and last year two children under ten came by selling doll clothes and clever door decorations. Last year

I let my children do extra jobs about the house to earn their Christmas money. My fouryear-old set the

tables and cleared them after meals for a month to earn her money. Her hobby is collecting recipes

Sometimes she would not want to do it, but as she saw the pennies Expert Cook From Clearfield, Utah and nickels and dimes mount in her jar, she again became eager to help. Wins Ribbons at Two Different Fairs

Her sixyear-old brother cleaned the Teenage daughter Nancy does the with lots of yeastraised specialties.washbasin and vacuumed use at home, you make yours happy to If she's mighty the living honors—and room.room and dining Active Fleischmann's Yeast—Dry on Mrs.Kenneth pin that prize ribbon

Let's sing and read to our children Gardner who won it in cooking comit's the very best—the kind prizethe beautiful songs and stories of petition! Mrs. Gardner entered at winning cooks prefer. Fleischmann's

Christmas, or perhaps have a short two fairs last year... won 24 ribbons Active Dry Yeast keeps for months

singing time before bedtime each at the Utah State Fair and 12 at the on your shelf, and it's fast rising, night. As Christmas approaches add Davis County Fair. easy to use. And try the new "Yeastcarols—a new one every third night Mrs. Gardner enjoys serving yeastRiz"Main Dishes. You'll find a

or so. Even parts of The Messiah raised dishes, and, of course, she uses recipe on every "Thrifty Three."

could be sung. We don't have to Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast.

have magnificent voices—if we sing "It's so handy,"she says. "Keeps

with our hearts our children will for months on my shelf—and always

respond and sing with us. Singing gives me grand results."

together can make a family feel so Holiday meals are more festive Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc.

close, perhaps because they're all saying the same words and singing it is, it'sthe same tune; whatever a c? feeling.warm, to harmonious Tryfind a few evenings before Christmas LOVE AT FIRST BITE

to sing the songs of Christmas with your children.

And read to them Luke, chaptertwo, and Matthew, chapter two. New TABLE QUEEN

Even very young children can enjoy the Christmas story just as it is written there. The words of the New

Testament are so liquid and beautiful that it isn't necessary to understand every word. If children are

allowed to hear this story often, they will grow up loving the very sound of "Fear not: for, behold, I bring you

good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people. For unto you is

born this day in the city of David a

Saviour, which is Christ the Lord."New loaf—new wrapper

Perhaps we expect them to get this More nourishing—made with milk

part of Christmas in Primary or Enriched with vitamins & iron

Sunday School, and they probably... af your grocer'swill, but they'll enjoy it more from Fresh

us—and who has heard it too many

times?

TEMPLE ZEALAND NEW they learned the Bible Once have LDS DEDICATION TOUR story are there tales other $999 Tour50"many AirSea Air or Pan Americanwhich we can 'read to our children mostLeave meals,Apr. 14;sightseeing,Return Apr.much25.more.Inc. hotel,Eight 0o"6

to make the meaning of Christmas day Hawaiian Holiday, $74.76 extra. Tour

Tour Australian B: extended $1399. There is no better*fe8dfcgift itinerary. Write for detailed

CALIFORNIA INTERMOUNTAIN NEWS than a Cambridge Bible. N. Western 1023 Ave. Los Angeles J 29 I

DECEMBER 1957 965 more real and understandable: "Why Christmas is very like a holiday

the Chimes Rang,""The Other Wise pudding, white and crowned with a

Man,"and Dickens'"Christmas crimson cherry, soft and sweet, restCarol"are a few. There are many ing in a crystal dish. And like a

more, and which we choose isn't holiday pudding, Christmas is comnearly so important as the sharing posed of many ingredients—of givof them, the reading of them toing and receiving, singing and lisgether. tening, working and playing, rushing

The snowy hush outside, the about and sitting very still, of colored toys, the bright globes on glittering lights and of a shadowed the piny tree alone do not make the stable where a Child lies in a bed of

Yuletide season meaningful to chilhay, of laughter and a special tear

The Intermountain West's Largest and dren—it is the atmosphere in the slipping down a cheek.

Finest Selection of: home—the spirit of Christ, the peace If we would serve our children a

and warmth and happiness—overreal slice of Christmas, we must give Bridal Gowns—Lingerie flowing the hurry and rilling in the them more than just a nibble of the

cracks shiny cherry between the thousand things on top—we must let Bridesmaids Dresses—Accessories

it all! taste to do. them

60 East South Temple CHRISTMAS

Salt Lake City, Utah

'Across from the Church offices and

Lion House"GIFTS

by Mildred Goff 'BUSINESS*'. The wise men brought three gifts: feel does not like you very much.

gold, frankincense, and myrrh. It might be your cross old greatThis Christmas, try adding three aunt, or a sharptongued cousin; MEN gifts to your list. Yes, I know your perhaps it is a business associate who

Christmas gift list is already overly annoys you, or an irritable neighbor.

long, that you have neither time nor Send a small, inexpensive, but money for extra gifts. But these will thoughtful gift to one in this group.

cost you little in time, and less in It might be no more than a clipping money, and they will capture for or an article about some hobby for you the true Christmas spirit so the neighbor; a magazine you know

instant cooking whole often lost in the rush and flurry of she would enjoy for the cranky relathe season. tive. Remember, it is easy to give

wheat cereal * You've no idea First gift: to a stranger. This to those we love, but God's love

how good Your morning mightmentioningbe a notethat tobusthe driverbus company,who is includesThird gift:the wholeto someoneworld. in trouble.

hot cereal can be! unfailingly pleasant and courteous, Think of those enduring a cheerless

even under the most trying condiold age, who would be so grateful cooks Faster INSTANT COOKING tions. Send a Christmas card to the for an unexpected caller. There are

waitress who is so cheerful and many in hospitals who have no one than QUICK... quick to serve you. Write a letter to visit them, to read to them, to talk

tastes Better to the author whose book, story, or to them. And consider those in

recently. enjoyed prisons; told yes, you have are poem we we should than GOOD! Id*"store to the note too. department with spent Drop a visit them, hour An WHOLE WHEAT CEREAL I

whose windows entice you, with a one of these lonely and halfforgot- word of praise for the work of the ten persons will do much for them, dresser. think can You for you. of and moreWhenever you movewindow least at one. Choose many more. give these three Christmas, This

Send your old mailing label toSecond gift: to someone you find gifts. You will be repaid a thousandgether with your new address to it hard to like, or to someone you fold.

50 North Main Street Salt Lake City 16, Utah 966 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bookrack

PATHWAYS TO HAPPINESS

President David O. McKay, compiled by Llewelyn R. McKay. Bookcraft, Salt Lake City. 1957. 405 pages.

$3.95.

From the compiled addresses of

President McKay, carefully preserved by his secretary, Miss Clare

Middlemiss, Llewelyn R. McKay has

selected many which will indeed indicate Pathways to Happiness for all who read. The inspiration of the

President's utterances, the warmth of his great spirit, the rare insight he has into needs of people have THERE'S COMPANIONSHIP all gone into making this a book that will encourage and stimulate. In A Home That Has A

No listing of titles is adequate to indicate the variety and significanceof the material that is bound within HAMMOND ORGAN the covers of this book. There is

something of hope for everyone. AlDISCOVER AN EXCITING NEW HOBBY!

most every subject that would prove FIND THE SECRET OF RELAXING!

value in President is includedoi RELIEVE WORRISOME TENSION! Life, addresses.McKay's Abundant

Character, Education, Happiness, You Can Play Music Quickly With No Previous Musical Training

Home Life, and Family, Jesus Christ, Thousands Have!

Peace, Prayer, Priesthood, Salvation,

Teaching, War, Youth, are but a Act NOW—You Can Still Surprise the Family on Christmas

few picked from the great number With the Ideal Family Gift of vital topics under which the addresses are organized.—M. C. /. Get Full Particulars From

FINDING YOUR FOREFATHERS GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO.

IN AMERICA - CELEBRATING OUR GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY—

OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO Archibald F. Bennett. Bookcraft, 2546 Washington 74 South Main 57 North University

Salt Lake City. 1957. 444 pages.

$3.95.

Successful genealogical research is the result of carefully laid plans, and in this volume plans are carefully Send a friend explained which will assure skill in research. the himself author As

states in his to THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the reader": "page

A welcome gift for Christmas or any occasion $2.50 in the U.S. $3.00 foreign

DECEMBER 1957 967 >/ "You Jml can be a successful re- c -> jl searcher"If you inqualifythe fieldyourselfof genealogy.and painstakingly follow the right methods it

'is your high privilege to experience the heartwarming thrill and the how lowcost additional telephones can joyous fascination of finding the families of your own forefathers."

that it is our When we realize to to link make life more comfortable responsibility generation in the lines of our anin your home generation

Wherever you choose to put them—in the kitchen, cestors, we need to bestir ourselves

basement or bedroom for example—additional telephones in this great activity—assigned to us

save time and steps. You take or make your calls where you as a command with the return of

are. not where vou wish you were. What's more, an addiElijah restoring the keys for this

tional telephone costs just pennies a day, plus a low onework.—M. C. /.

time installation charge. To order, just call your local

office. business THE MORMON STORY

Like your additional telephones in color? Ask for a free

copy of "Bright New World of Color."Shows how color A Pictorial Account of Mormonism

telephones brighten any decorative scheme. Rulon S. Howells. Bookcraft, Salt

Lake City. 1957. 180 pages. $3.95.

The Mormon Story, chiefly Mountain States Telephone through pictures, gives an account of the history and development of the Church. The organization and

history are readily grasped in thisr

KITCHEn CHARIT1 usedramaticof pictures,presentationmaps, andthroughcharts.the

WAXED PAPER sixHundredsfull pagesofinrarecolorphotographsserve to makeand this rare treasure a book which KEEPS FOOD should included in Latterday be

FRESHER LONGER! Saint libraries.—M. C. /.

OTHERS Laura McCurdy Clark. Brigliam

Young University Press, Provo, Utah.

So good for babies 142 pages. $4.00'.

History comes to life through the people who lived it, and in this book,...that Special Others, Mrs. Clark has done a rare

Morning Milk jobUtahofthroughrepaintingthe thefirsthandearly materialdays in she has collected. In addition to

So easy to digest, Special Morning the running comments on the hisMilk is the only evaporated milk tory, she has preserved newspaper clippings of onthe-spot events and especially developed for babies... people and places which could

the only evaporated milk with extra probably not be found in any other book today.

Vitamins A and D added in the To oldtimers the book will afford amount doctors believe best to help nostalgia; to the young it will arouse

interest in earlyday history. This

promote sound bones and teeth and is the kind of source material that build resistance to disease. would help lay a foundation for

history and literature.—M. C. /.

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS Ask your doctor about Special

OF HOUSEWIVES... Morning Milk for your baby!AT ALL LEADING GROCERS The love of books is a love which

requires neither justification, apology, nor defence.

Bind your Eras for your own permanent record of the Church—Langford

Watch for announcement of 1957 index

968 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "The Lord had me in mind"

himself. in winning Bible of the me to tion On Acquiring Memories "The Lord used a copy of the Pilgrim edifor some member a church been I had

twentyfive years but I had not experienced

Richard L. Evans regeneration.accompanying AfterfootnotesI readand RevelationScripture referwith

ences in the Pilgrim edition I began to gain

Many centuries ago, Cicero wrote a remarkable some insight into the meaning of the Scripessay, on old age, which has in it as much of wistures; and I had a genuine experience with

THE dom for youth as for those who are older: "... the Christ.he laidI feltit uponthe Lordthe hadheartsme inof mindthe whenBible

"is said, and... the memory age,"he old of SPOKEN harvest WORD life."1 earlier in laid blessings of up rich store An wonderfulscholars whoPilgrimlaboredBibletogetheravailable."to make Geo.this

observation by an unknown author suggests some further thinking Wagner Dimock, Wichita Falls, Texas.

sure age,"for old he said, "be this subject: "When saving same on

ago sometime thoughts."we wordThe whilePilgrimyoueditionread.of theIt wasHoly preparedBible explainsby Dr.God'sE. 2 And a few pleasant put away you

cited this sentence from the eminent scientist, Gustaf Stromberg: sistedSchuylerby English,37 distinguishednoted editorscholars.and BibleIt containsteacher, theastext of the Authorized ". in complete script indelible in is written of an individual the memory

all and Version King James live they whether helps all men, references suggests that apnotes, This and time."3 space.. and

short lives or long, should prepare for a long journey—everlastingly pearverse onto thewhichsame pagethey asrefer.the

features are lived the many have the Lord at that God says we longfor when moment HO Among of book to each introductions what is separation between a sharp life there of mortal chronologies, Bible, comour length the we can take with us into eternity and what we can keep only for ofprehensivemaps. Sizeindex,S'/s"andx?%"10 pagesIn

to enjoy of from bindings variety earth a of the things time. gave us the good God The Lord

at booksellers $20.00 to $5.50 to keep need earnestly thanksgiving,"but we "prudence University and with the Oxford or from

Pollitt Dr., Fair 1600, what Press, forever, and can keep in between what we our lives balance a Lawn, N. J. eternity for time or harvest is only now. The happiest needful

includes character and knowledge, truth and intelligence, the satisfaction of service, respect, and trust; the love and goodness and

purity laid up in life, and the assurance of peace and a quiet con- "BANQUETMASTER"science, of everlasting progress, and of renewal of association with FOLDINGTHE NEW BANQUETLIGHT WEIGHTTABLE beautiful Designed for today's in making own, and of our in memories acquiring ones. loved And Schools

of life length Private long and everlasting Homes others, the for whole should ChurchesCafes them be taken into account: with memoriesof friends, of loved ones, of

service given, of the keeping of the commandments, memories of high standards and courage and conviction, ( memories that will let us look unflinchingly into'the eyes of every man we meet, and unto him who is the Judge and Father of us all ). Since memory is written "indelibly in time and space"there are some kinds of memories

we should remember not to make, and some beautiful memories MadeL.D.S.in theworkmen.West by

all afterthe ages for old ageand'for Banto compare you buy, make should remember BISHOPS—Before we

material and of quality for kindly quetmasters be would record that everlasting the written on memories design. Low of beauty workmanship,

to recall. cost—onlySatisfaction$22.66 freightGuaranteedpaid.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the SampleWrite ortabletelephonesent forcollectyourJA inspection.2-6601.

Columbia Broadcasting System, October 13, 1957, Copyright 1957. D. H. LOOSLI CO., INC.

See page 971 for footnotes. Idaho Falls, Idaho

UNRETURNING FRIENDS

by Eva Willes Wangsgaard SKINIf you are PROBLEMS?troubled with rough, dry,

scaling or itching skin or are an adolesThree friends return and offer grace to you cent with skin troubles and have given

Though you may be remiss in giving thanks: up in despair, thinking no product would

skin, then you owe your relieve or heal to gild the again dew come sun will The try to H & yourself it to M OINTMENT. banks; river whitened from the green Or coax healing this marvelous druggist has Your

Your mother's love will cushion every fall ointment and will gladly refund your

Though you may prove unworthy under stress; money if you are not pleased with results. It is pleasant to use, odorless and shawl will a starembroidered drape night And

skincolor. your weariness. to shield form your About

But these when lost are gone from soul and sight:

A love whose longneglected flame has grayed,

SATISFY. TO GUARANTEED blight, ABSOLUTELY has suffered that once purity The H

from order drug*Mstore, or it at your never stayed. Get feet are hurried time whose And

your throughout latter may be friends The & LABORATORIES years, H tears. will not heed your offended But once NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH 151 EASTM 2ND

1 oz. - $1.25 2 oz. - $2.00

POSTPAID

DECEMBER 1957 969 rotChmtnm... The Dead Sea Scrolls

(Continued) following 168 BC.

There are some unusual differgive a new CONN ences in spelling and in grammar between the St. Mark's manuscript "MINUET"and the traditional Hebrew or

America's Finest Masoretic. text which make thensubstantial agreement in words a

Spinet Organ remarkable fact. When we conEASY TO PLAY siderbetweenthat thea thousandwriting ofyearsthe elapsednewly

EASY TO OWN found text of Isaiah and the oldest complete Hebrew medieval text Larger models available, too! available to us before, we are led

Visit Daynes Music or Phone EL 9-7633 to marvel that so few alterations in for Free Demonstration Lesson text took place. The St. Mark manuscript is therefore of great imporauiies Music thetance,fidelityso scholarsof the think,traditionalin attestingtext of

Isaiah.

TRIUMPH in tone* Another important value which 15 E. 1st So.

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY. PROVO Salt Lake City the Isaiah scroll might be presumed

to possess would be in the realm of textual criticism. When the recent

Standard Bible Revision Committee (Old Testament section) was conFOR YOUR HEALTH'S SAKE sideringhad beforetheit translationthe variant ofreadingsIsaiah, ofit the Isaiah scroll. According to Dr.

approximate learn the Millar Burrows, the committee

PROTEIN MINERAL VITAMIN thirteen readings adopted where the of content CALORIE and

RAW VEGETABLES AND FRUITS scroll departed from the traditional text. Dr. Burrows now confesses

charts containing booklet A prethat even in these thirteen places the information valuable and

FREE pared by H. E. KIRSCHNER, superiority of the scroll's readings is

GIVE A LIFETIME M.D. mailed on request. not always certain, and he further

that cases admits where he in someOF CO. MFG. ACME HEALTH! WRITE.'for an probably emendation voted

California Sierra Madre, 34 N. Baldwin,Lee Household that convinced the decihe is now

Electric Flour sion of the committee was a misMill take. 4

Automatic (To be concluded) Stone Grinding Economical Portable When you grind your own flour, a few hours getbefore baking, you an Christmas, Christmas loaf Ihonest can You taste the difference.

introductorySave on ofFILMS! (Continued) small hours of a

fer! Send coupon with

nervso long Christmas not ago as I order orcheck money for DEVELOPED 5-lb.choice pkg. stone last stitches the an on sewed the shipped.ground day

chieftain's elegant white and PRINTED ouslyIndian

LEE CO. ENGINEERING

MILWAUKEE 1, WIS. headdress. The stores had nothing

for fiveyear-old good enough my

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, IEC chief, to so decided I had create my 2023 Dept.1, Wis. W. Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee

) ( Flour 5-lb. Deaf pkg. Pp. Smith Only $1.50

( 5-lb. ) Wis. Flour -Minn. pkg. $1.00 own. I collected dozens of wet Pp. Only

'-BACK GUARANTEE! odorous feathers from the poultry

Name brought plunged home, them

Street Dept. SAM'SP. O. PHOTO1115, Box into soapsuds steaming and AALAB places,them

Salt City, Utah Lake City State.. then cleansed thoroughly, them

spread them on newspapers under my bed to dry. That was the only

place I could conceal them from the

I can To be remembered throughout the year curiosity of my children. easily remember the odor of those

an Era subscription for Christinas

970 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA feathers as they dried for days under "I was hiredmy bed. But later I was delighted

at finding them soft and snowy and worthy to be worn by the proudest

Indian brave. Oh, Christmas, Christon the spot!"mas

". and starting making $100 more pay I am a month are things But there about many

1 than.. I ever before job. any on made Because Why?Christmas not I do have to rememat trained College. was regret Business only LDS My

ber, for they are with me now, tois that I wasted three years after graduating from high morrow, and always. school before attending LDS Business College."

Always there is the heartache of (Letter available upon request.)

knowing that many little stockings will be empty on Christmas morning WINTER QUARTER and trusting, innocent little children Both Day and Night Schoolwill wonder why Santa passed them by. CLASSES START MONDAY, JANUARY 6th

Always there is the same gratiWrite or call LDS Business College for further information tude in my soul for the blessings unnumbered that God has bestowed on me and mine. Always there is the same deterBusiness CoCCeg

strivemination to again, LDS again and 70 NORTH MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY PHONE EM 3-2765to follow of the Jesus. example

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Brigham Young Univ. 912 "The Story ofJohn Davenport....885, 896, 906, 907, 922, 962. FOLDING

Kay Knight 916, 928 BANQUET BRICK"

Harold M. Lambert 932 TABLES... a 16mm color and sound film,Ed Maryon..931

PhotoNews Features Prices 890 Direct & isyournowclub,availableschool, forchurchshowingor otherto

Oriental Institute of University of Chicago....910 to Discounts

H. Armstrong Roberts 909, 921 Schools, Churches, group.

Clubs, Lodges,Hal Rumel 935 and ali Institutions Make reservations throughThree Lions 911, 920, 924 at Film Dept. the following:

Lorin Wiggins 902, 914 College, State Pocatello Idaho

University, State Utah Logan FOOTNOTES AND REFERENCES TRUCKS Salt of City University Utah, LakeFOR ARTICLES: storingMONROE

University, Provo Brigham Young easy, Forthe truck wayTables modernFoldingtables handlestjon EachandConstrucstorageChair* chairs.permits of eitherTruck No. TSCor Sforoge Tro/ISporfYour Question [n 1,mited sPace'i TS Truck No.

Write Era 56:391 (June 1953); he Improvement INTERSTATE

Answers Vol. to Gospel Questions, of 1, page 163. types for MONROEDiscouhts Foldingand CatalogTables,showingand Trucks.54 sizes Alsoand

2D & C 130:5. popular line of Folding Chairs. BRICK CO.

sIbid., 7. 3100 South 11th East, Salt Lake City Wo*VU>e. THE COMPANY 13:2. "Hebrews COLFAX. IOWA STREET. CHURCH

Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, pp. z 24S

170171. e Ibid., p. 191. iHni <$.'<Jesus Returns to Jerusalem DIAGRAMS

Scriptural for references Returns Jesus to JeruIN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS Illustrating Latterday Saintsalem, page from 918, are 2i; 20, Matthew

Mark 11; Luke 19, and John 12. Aids in treatment of Canker, simple principles with complete scripsore throat and other minor mouth tural references and conThe Dead Sea Scrolls and throat irritations. densed summaries of Church

quoted F. Bruce, xAs by F. Second Thoughts

Scrolls, theon Dead Sea reliable doctrines. Extremely helpful p. 15. For a

account of the scrolls Millar Burrows, The Deadsee alsoSeatheScrolls,book byVikingDr. for teachers, students, and allPress. HALLS REMEDY Church members.

2Bruce, op. cit,, p. 19. Salt Lake City, Utah

'See Sperry, Our Book of Mormon, Chapter >(HMH >-<) *!..* - '—IT O TTTT "—"t<WWH Author, A. P. MerrillFourteen; also The Improvement Era 42:524594.

"Burrows, The Dead Sea Scrolls, p. 305. Price -$1.00 EACH

The Spoken Word Acquiring Memories DRINK Available atOn a Cicero, On Old Age. DESERET BOOK COMPANY Author Unknown. 3Gustaf Stromberg, The Soul of the Universe. ficqo A delightful 44 East South Temple

hot beverage for those who don't drink coffee. Salt Lake City 10, Utah

AT YOUR GROCERS DECEMBER 1957 971 The Last Word

As a small boy was preparing for his first day at school his pleasure in the new lunch box was being spoiled by concern that he would not be able to identify it. His mother had carefully printed his name

on the box, but of course, as yet, he could not read.

Suddenly his face lighted up as he exclaimed; "Oh,

I won't be using my lunch box until noon, and by then I'll know how to read!"

There is no defeat except in no longer trying. There Responsibilities gravitate to the person who can

is no defeat save from within, no really insurmountable shoulder them, and power flows to the man who barrier save our own inherent weakness of purpose. knows how.

-Elbert Hubbard -Elbert Hubbard

Dental Patient; "Why does a small cavity feel so Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom,

large to the tongue?"must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it.

Dentist: "Just a natural tendency of the tongue to—Thomas Paine

exaggerate!"

Jones: "How long was your last hired man with There is no good arguing with the inevitable. The

you?"only argument available with an east wind is to put

Smith: "He was never with me. He was against on your overcoat.

me from the start."—James Russell Lowell

The fault is not in our stars, but in ourselves, that We'd all be successful if we followed the advice we we are underlings. gave the other fellow.

—William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar

Junior: "Dad, did you go to Sunday School when

A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where you were a little boy?"

his influence stops. Dad: "I sure did, never missed a Sunday."

—Henry Adams Junior: "See, Mom, it won't do me any good, either."

Let the farmer forevermore be honored in his calling; for they who labor in the earth are the chosen

people of God.

—Thomas Jefferson

A teacher's one greatest asset is sympathy, the power The Sunday School teacher was reviewing a lesson.

to feel with his pupils and put himself in their places. "Who led the children of Israel out of Egypt?"

Tasks which seem easy to the teacher are hard for No answer. So she pointed to a little boy at the

the child. Without genuine sympathy one will never back of the room and asked him. "It wasn't me,"he

become a good teacher. said timidly, "we just moved here last week."

—H. H. Lowrey

972 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

] The Gift that Gives... and Lives Forever,w

"Mi #: #:.\.

Bible The Holy W. J AUTHORIZED KING JAMES VERSION f | VoiM Among these magnificent World Bibles, you will find especially meaningful volumes for anyone on your gift list. All are printed on

World IndoText, the'loveliest of all India papers.

Available at your book, department, or religious store.

A FAMILY GIFT... The exquisite Master

Art Edition, a superb reference Bible, beautifully bound, for all the family. Its 525 pages

of supplements include a Biblical Encyclopedia. Many fullcolor maps and illustrations.

Thumbindexed. Goldstamped covers, gold

edges, silk markers. Red Letter Edition.

Gift boxed. In black genuine leather.

In black genuine handgrained morocco.

A SUPERB PERSONAL GIFT... A FOR OLDER READERS (and anyone ESPECIALLY FOR CHILDREN..

fine reference Bible, magnificently bound who prefers extralarge type)... Large, Youngsters will love this big, colorfully

in genuine handgrained morocco with selfpronouncing type, wellspaced, illustrated volume. The Rainbow Book

matching leather lining. Goldstamped makes this Bible particularly easy to of Bible Stories by J. Harold Gwynne,

covers, goldedged pages. Comprehenread. Contents include Geographical D.D., retells simply and beautifully 108

sive Concordance and fullcolor maps. Index, fullcolor maps and illustrations. of the bestloved stories from the ScripGift boxed. In red, No. 1140C-$io.oo Gift boxed. Black genuine leather overtures. Colorful illustrations, many of

In black, with color illustrations, Red lapping covers, goldstamped, gold edges. them in full color, accompany each story.

Letter Edition... No. 1101C—$10.95 No. 714—$9.00 All were created for this book by a reIn black moroccograined Leathertex, nowned religious artist. Sturdily bound,

zipperclosed, giltstamped, red edges. 320 pages, 814 "x 1 1 ". No. R-137-$4..95

See inside front cover for more gift Bibles

THE WORLD PUBLISHING COMPANY* Bible Publishers to America CLEVELAND 2, OHIO &PL

Your "BENEFICIAL"family is caroling to you:

Have a Merry Christmas..

A Happy New Year, too"BENEFICIAL LITE

David O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah