a ot grandeur wor a

is spread before us!"

John Wesley Powell

This year our nation honors the 100th anniversary of Major John Wesley Powell's first expedition down the Green and Colorado rivers. The scene above recreates

Powell's campsite in the depths of Marble

Canyon of the Colorado.

Terracor, to commemorate Powell's journey, commissioned a series of eight paintings of the Great American Southwest by nationallynoted artist (and Utah native)

Dean Fausett. These paintings, including

the one above, will be on permanent display in Terracor's new home office, the renovated Keith Mansion on South Temple in Salt Lake City.

The majesty and color of Utah's Southwest, which the artist depicts, is the land in which Terracor recently began an adventure in creating Utah's first planned recreational community—Bloomington Ranches/

Country Club. Here, near historic St.

George, the Terracor planners have developed a unique and totally pleasant living environment that provides for the active life of today, yet respects and enhances the beauty of this great land.

Terracor takes pride in being a part of the growing West. You can be assured that

in any development of which Terracor has a part, the heritage of this magnificent

CAMPSITE. Painting by Dean Fausett country shall be revered.

BL OMINGTON

RANCHES/COUNTRY CLUB ST. GEORGE, UTAH

TERRACOR A concept of things as they should be.

For information write: e

Bloomington, 529 East South Temple

Salt Latie City, Utah 84102 The Voice of the Church October 1969 Volume 72, Number 10

On the cover: Special Features

Few events recorded in the Book of Mor- 2 Editor's Page: I Am Most Grateful, President David 0. McKay

in have engendered the book'smon readers 4 Christian Love, John W. Bennion

fascinationas creative and imagination much as have the circumstances surrounding the 8 An Australian Family's Journey to the Temple, Isobel Johnson burying of the plates of Moroni about the 11 John Longden, 18981969 year 421 A.D.

Poets, dramatists, scholars, numerous 18 Moroni, Richard J. Marshall

writers, and now an artist have attempted 21 Bring on the Grandparents! Bill R. Under

to describe the event. However, few word 26 A Walk With Fear, Garth Geddes

descriptions will be as memorable as the recently completed painting of Moroni re28 "Everything and One,"Dale Quinlan produced on this month's cover. The paint68 The Return of a Dropout, An Anonymous Church Member

ing, commissioned by the Church, is by a

F. Stillwellwellknown American illustrator, Tom Lovel!, 72 How to Have Fun Making History, Glen

and will be used in Church visitors centers 85 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 8, Facsimile No. 1, by

throughout the world. It is also probably the Figures (continued), Dr. Hugh Nibley

fordestined popular and permanent use by

in Latterday Saints their of Regular Features discussions

Moroni's mission of hiding the Nephite rec12 Melchizedek Priesthood Page: How to Evaluate Your Performance

ords in Hill Cumorah. (Part 1), Elder Spencer W. Kimball

With the painting, of this completion Mr. 39 The LDS Scene

Lovell painted has perhaps the most famous fatherson combination in Book of Mormon 56 Presiding Bishop's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About

history: Mormon and Moroni. In April 1968, Their Bishop, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

the Era carried on its cover and reproduced inside the issue a painting of Mormon by 60 Today's Family: Soup's On, Eleanor Knowles

Mr. Lovell. Careful observers will note that 64 Family Table Talk, Annie Laurie Von Tungeln

the artist has given Moroni the bracelet worn 74 Buffs and Rebuffs by Mormon in the earlier painting, suggesting the fatherson relationship of the two prophet76 Genealogy: Genealogy, the Great Equalizer, David H. Pratt

historianwarriors. 78 The Church Moves On

80 These Times: Moon Message, 1969, Dr. G. Homer Durham

96 End of an Era

16, 37, 73, 77 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

Era of Youth

4354 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Fiction, Poetry 30 In the Season Thereof, Amy Hillyard Jensen 10, 20, 37, 67, 71, 75 Poetry

David T. L.Sykes,F.Evans,Price,EditorialEditors;Staff Artist.Associates;Doyle L. Green.MarionManagingD. Hanks,Editor;EraAlbertof YouthL. Zabell,Editor;Jr.,ElaineResearchCannon,Editor;EraMabelof YouthJonesAssociateGabbott, Editor;Jay M. Todd,Ralph Reynolds,Eleanor0. Knowles,McKayArt Director;andWilliamRichardNorman

G.ThayerContributingCarlosEvans,Smith,Editors.S. Jr.,GlennGeneralSmith,Manager;AdvertisingFlorenceRepresentatives.S. Jacobsen, AssociateG. HomerGeneralDurham,Manager;FranklinVerlS. F.Harris,Scott, BusinessJr.. Hugh Manager;Nibley, SidneyA. Glen B.Snarr,Sperry,CirculationAlbert L.Manager;Payne,

Improvementsubscriptions,Superintendent,Associations2 years,Young$5.75;Men'sof The3MutualChurchyears, Improvement$8.25;of JesuseachChristAssociationsucceedingof Latterdayofyear,The $2.50Saints.Churcha yearofAll Jesusrightsadded Christtoreserved.the ofthreeyearLatter-daySubscriptionprice;Saints,35price,single1969,$3.00copyanda year,exceptpublishedinforadvance;specialby the Mutualmultipleissues.General

actEnteredof Octoberat the 1917,Past Office,authorizedSalt LakeJuly 2,City,1918.Utah, as second class matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103,

is not Improvement sufficientEra by postageresponsible Theaccompanied

Thirty unless days'cannotnotice be changes forthechangeforolddeliveryaddressforof address.unsolicitedandas return.wellWhenasmanuscriptstheorderingnew oneabutchange,is welcomesincluded.pleasecontributions.include addressManuscriptslabel fromarea recentpaid forissueon ofacceptancethe magazine.and mustAddressbe ismaderequired

Official organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching Committee,

Music Committee, Church School System, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

October 1969 The Editor's Rage

By President David O. McKay

Most As the harvest season closes, I am Faith in God cannot, of course, be other IAm members of the than personal. It must be yours; it must bethankful to know that

Church, and so many people generally, mine; and, to be effective, it must spring

realizing the fact that material possessions from the mind and heart. It is in this sense

alone do not give happiness, are appreciating that I refer to faith in Christ* as the most more than ever before those things which important need of the world—a belief that

are of most value. I am happy to enjoy with determines a man's religion and his goals. It

my friends these most worthwhile possesis a power that moves to action and should sions. To name only a few, I would say that be in human life the most basic of all moti-

I am most grateful: vating forces.

1. For a noble parentage and a worthy To him who accepts Jesus of Nazareth as

name. the very Son of God, to him who believes

The family gives to the child his name with all his soul that Jesus lives today and and standing in the community. A child that he can and does influence the world,

wants his family to be as good as families of Christ's teachings as well as his personality his friends. He wants to be able to point become a reality.

with pride to his father, and to feel an in- 3. For the ability and opportunities to

spiration every time he looks at his mother. enjoy the gifts of God as manifest in nature.

It is a mother's duty so to live that her All the beautiful things of creation are children will associate with her everything mine merely for the seeing and the seeking.

that is beautiful, sweet, and pure. It is a I have seen the brilliant colors of the water

father's duty so to conduct his life as to be and the earth in the South Seas, and the able to give his sons a good name. vivid hues of vegetable and animal life there.

Example is more potent than precept. I have marveled at God's bounteous goodParents have the duty to be what they would ness to man as Church assignments have

have their children become. I am most gratetaken me to six continents of the earth. And

ful that such parents were mine. I have thrilled as I have taught my sons to

2. For an abiding faith in a supreme plow a straight furrow, prepare a proper

being and in the divinity of Jesus Christ. seedbed, plant good seeds, and watch for the

Improvement Era

Grateful first green spears of the crop to break pure, the spiritual and physical senses keen through on my farm at Huntsville, Utah. and appreciative of all things good and

I have stood side by side with them, caring beautiful; in being able to rejoice in all that

for the crop, testing it to see if the individual God has given us; in having friends, and

husks were plump and full, watching the being a friend, as well as having families.

fields turn golden with harvest, and then 5. For opportunities to render helpful

gathering the harvest, even as my father service in the Church of Christ, and above taught me. all, for the knowledge that a kind and loving 4. For affectionate family relationships—Father will give helpful guidance to all who

loved ones and loyal friends. He who has seek him in sincerity.

even one friend is rich, and I have many The most worthy calling in life is that in who have proved themselves to be true and which man can best serve his fellowman.

loyal. The noblest aim in life is to strive to make

It is man's privilege to be happy as he other lives better and happier. Service and

chooses the path that leads to happiness. The character are the only two things that we

truest source of happiness is found in the can take with us when we leave this world.

family and the home. Homes are made Can you think of any organization in which

permanent through love. Permanent homes you can serve more effectively in an orin which sweet contentment abides are the ganized way than in The Church of Jesus

strength of any nation. Even as contented Christ of Latterday Saints? But, to be

individuals living in unselfish and loving most effective, we must always seek the communion make the homes happy, so conassistance of our Heavenly Father through tented, peaceful homes make the progreshumble and sincere prayer. He is interested

sive, peaceful community; and groups of in the work of the Church here upon the

such communities constitute a peaceful, earth, and in those of us who do the work progressive nation. The perpetuity of our as his servants.

modern civilization depends upon wellFor these and many other blessings, my ordered, wellgoverned homes. heart is full of gratitude, and I am most

Life at its best consists in keeping the body grateful. O

October 1969 Christian Love By John W. Bennion

The most distinguishing characteristic of a Latterlove. We have positive, warm, intimate feelings for

day Saint ought to be his love for his fellowmen. family and friends based on common experiences,

Jesus taught that love for God and man is the values, and special attachments. If we suppose that

greatest commandment, and the apostle Paul emphato have Christian love means that we have the kind sized that nothing can compensate for the lack of of feeling toward all men that we do toward our charity. family and friends, then the principle seems far too

The meaning of Christian love is not as clear as idealistic for most of us. How, then, can we love our

some of the more concrete principles, such as tithenemies in the same way that we love our loved ing, the Word of Wisdom, or fasting. Part of the ones? How can we have warm, intimate feelings

difficulty stems from the fact that there are differtoward those who are indifferent or hostile to us?

ent kinds of love. Most of us would agree, for examChristian love is not the same thing as friendship

ple, that Christian love is not the same as the powerful or family love. It is based not on feeling, but on an

emotional and physical attraction that a man and act of the will. We are much better able to control

woman have for each other when they are "deeply our will than we are our feelings. We may not be

in love."able to generate warm, positive feelings toward those

There is a tendency, however, for people to think who hate us and spitefully use us, but we can exerthat Christian love is akin to friendship or family cise goodwill toward them. Having goodwill means

that we have committed ourselves to act in the best in the Rochester (New first counselor Bennion, W. John interest of other human beings regardless of our feelCentral School of Brighton is superintendent York) Ward,

District and has held Church and professional positions ings toward them. Our commitment is based on a

in Illinois and Ohio.

belief that every person is an immortal child of

Improvement Era

God with great potential for moral, spiritual, and To illustrate the point, let us consider the relaintellectual growth. Each person, therefore, is of intionship of a good mother toward her children. The

calculable worth not only for what he is but for what mother is deeply committed to the welfare of her he has the potential to become. children. She attempts always to act in what she

All Latterday Saints should have a profound rebelieves to be their best interest. Her feelings tospect for the worth and dignity of every human soul, ward them are usually very warm and positive, but

even though we may be saddened by what some the best of mothers have their moments of exasperapeople are currently doing to themselves or to others. tion and anger. Feelings are never constant, and

In embracing the gospel, we have committed ourchildren are sometimes a trial. They may be sucselves to do all we can to help each child of God cessful in provoking negative feelings from time to

realize his full potential. This commitment is the time in even the most loving mothers. Yet a good

basis for universal goodwill. To me it seems that we mother does not cease to respond to the needs of

discipline our will to act in the interest of others and her children when she is exasperated, frustrated, or for their good even though we may not have warm, angered, Her behavior is still guided by her sense of intimate feelings for them. Our feelings may even responsibility for their wellbeing, regardless of how

be negative at times when we are confronted with she may feel toward them at any given moment.

hostile, hateful, unlovable people. The point is that When they are hungry, she feeds them. If they

we can and should exercise Christian love or goodare hurt or in danger, she comes to their aid.

will in their behalf even though we may not like Another example is the relationship between a them as we do our friends and people to whom we highly professional doctor, lawyer, or teacher and are naturally attracted. his client. When we go to the doctor, we do not

October 1969 expect the quality of his service to be dependent on us in kind. Such an outcome is always encouraging,

whether he likes us. We expect him to give us the but we must remember that it doesn't always turn

benefit of all the expertise at his command, regardout that way, and our continued goodwill should in less of whether or not he is personally attracted to no way be dependent upon a reciprocal response.

us. Likewise, we expect teachers of our children to Friendship is necessarily reciprocal; goodwill is not.

be deeply concerned with and responsive to the Sometimes we feel better about a person when we children's educational needs even though they exercise goodwill in his behalf even if he does not naturally have warmer feelings toward some children respond favorably. Christian love depends on neither

than others. This is one of the characteristics of a our feelings nor the feelings of the recipient of our

highly professional person. He can separate his feellove. It is an act of the will, not an emotional reings from his professional commitment and act in sponse. Paul expressed the spirit of Christian love

the best interest of his client regardless of his feelwhen he told the Romans to have equal regard for ings. In learning to exercise goodwill, we can do the one another, and to be associated with persons who

same.toward all who come within our realm of influare humble. They were told to let their aims be such

ence and, in so doing, make Christian love a reality that all men would be considered honorable.

in our lives. As we attempt to more fully incorporate the

A frequent byproduct of goodwill is the growth of principle of Christian love in our lives, there are warm, positive feelings in us and in the recipients some pitfalls that we should be careful to avoid.

of our goodwill. When we exercise goodwill toward One of these is the tendency to exercise goodwill in

the indifferent, hostile, or hateful person, he somethe abstract but not in the concrete. This does not

times changes his attitude and begins to respond to have the desired impact and can mislead us into

Improvement Era

thinking that we are living the principle when in common religion, race, citizenship, social class, and reality we are not. level of education. When such is the case, it is an

Our sense of goodwill toward mankind, for examindication that our goodwill is not sufficiently ple, is not very meaningful if we do not exercise grounded in the conviction of the inherent worth goodwill toward individual people with whom we and value of every human soul. Indeed, if our goodcome in contact in the neighborhood, at work, or in will is limited to people with whom we have certain

church. There are those who give lip service to the things in common, it is not Christian love. We are

great value of education but who do nothing to supnaturally attracted to certain groups with whom we port and help to improve the local schools. Others have much in common. So is everyone else. There

proclaim their love of country but are indifferent to is nothing wrong with this, but we should not mistake their obligations as citizens by failing to inform it for Christian love.

themselves on the issues and candidates, and to vote. Christian love is a great challenge and lifelong

Some of us speak of our love for the Church but quest. To be able to exercise goodwill on the basis

do little at the concrete level by way of sharing our of need alone is our goal. Such behavior will surely

time, energy, and talents with our brothers and be a prerequisite for living in a celestial society. We

sisters. It is a temptation and source of selfdecep- begin to learn and practice goodwill in the home and

tion to exercise goodwill at the abstract level but in church, but the ultimate test is our behavior fail to make the concrete application. whenever we meet the stranger, the unlovable, the

Another serious barrier to Christian love is the bearer of ill will. Our conviction of the universal

tendency we have to be selective in exercising goodfatherhood of God and brotherhood of man should be will. It is often too dependent on such factors as strong enough to enable us to meet the test. O

October 1969.:

/ dM An Australian Family's - Journey to theTemple By Isobel Johnson

Our destination that Australian noise and excitement one would exping across in front of the headsummer (December 1960) was the pect from boys ( ages 9 and 4 ) and lights at night.

New Zealand Temple, a journey girls (ages 8 and 5). We were As we penetrated farther east,

that would take us five weeks from really on our way! leaving even the wheatbelt towns

our home near Perth, in Western That night we were 300 miles behind, we felt the weight of reAustralia, clear across the contifrom Perth, heading east. Three of sponsibility become heavier. The

nent and the Tasman Sea. the children slept in the van, bitumen road had now ended, and

It was amazing how the money cramped in among suitcases, boxes the first 100mile stretch of gravel became available at the last moof food, and drums of fuel and or graded earthen road was corrument. This was a vitally important water. This was to be our home gated, creating discomfort.

trip for our family. When the day for the next week, day and night. An occasional vehicle was seen,

Of departure dawned, everything As we drove we played guessing often a heavy transport truck possible was packed into the van, games, counting rabbits that ran traveling in the opposite direction.

and the children were climbing across the road during the day, or This became part of another game.

aboard, with the usual amount of perhaps counting kangaroos hopFirst, we would notice a thick

Improvement Era

cloud of dust in the distance, to tion, and this saved us from having were greeted by officials. "Are you

match the thick cloud that was our petrol tank damaged by flying the Johnsons?"they asked. We

swirling out behind our own verocks, which was the fate of many could see that the engines of our hicle. Whoever saw the approachmotorists. aircraft were already going, and

ing vehicle first would call out We had been very fortunate to no other passengers were in sight.

"S potto,"and then we would close have had little car trouble, being The aircraft had actually waited the front air vent until we had held up only once on this account. for us. No mechanical failure had

passed it. Suddenly we had no brakes! We prevented us from completing the

We left the last stop before rolled to a stop, looked around trip right across Australia from crossing the border between Westhelplessly, then peered through west to east, and no aircraft was ern Australia and South Australia. some trees where a little side track going to take off for New Zealand

With a full tank of petrol, vital led from the road. There in the without us, for we had told our

parts of the vehicle checked, and middle of nowhere was a service mission president that we would spare petrol drums filled, it was station! attend the temple that year, even

time to press on again. After what seemed an age, we though at the time we didn't have

Those incessant miles made it arrived safely at Port Augusta, the price of our fares. We knew we

necessary for my wife or me to where we met the bitumensealed must get to the temple, even if it drive while the other tried to sleep, road again, then on south to Ademeant selling many things and propped up in the corner, with laide, the capital city of South making many sacrifices.

heavy eyes closed, but still feeling Australia. It was midnight about In New Zealand we traveled

every pothole and bump. the fourth night when we arrived south by bus from Auckland to

Then the scenery changed. We at Adelaide. We were over the Hamilton, and then four miles west

saw fewer trees. We had reached worst and now had good roads to to Temple View, arriving there in

our point of no return. How many travel, but we still had over 1,000 the evening. What a glorious

more hundreds of miles of this unmiles to go to Sydney. sight! There was the temple! We

sealed road? Too far to go all that The next evening we enjoyed had made it! It stood beautifully

way back again! We must keep driving our car onto a barge, which floodlit as if glowing from within,

driving. The early Latterday Saint floated across a river; then on and our hearts were full of apprepioneers in America didn't have again we went, mile upon mile. We ciation and thanksgiving. Our

1960 model vehicles for their long knew Australia was big, but we breath was literally caught by the journey; after all, we had to travel hadn't realized it was this big! simple beauty of it. The next three

only 3,000 miles, and the weather There was only one thing that weeks were wonderful and quite was good for December, not as hot kept us from dreading the return indescribable. We were so glad we

as we had expected. journey, and that was the thought had come. Now we had been

The Nullarbor Plain ( meaning no of our wonderful experiences to sealed as a family, not only for trees ) was well named. Low saltcome. We were on our way to a time, but for all eternity. Heavenly

bush was now the familiar sight; temple of the Lord. Father had been very good to us.

put the left window, out the right Upon arriving in Sydney on Our old days held lovely and excitwindow, away in the distance Christmas Day, we left our veing memories, but never was there where the track disappeared on the hicle at a friend's house and joursuch peace as the gospel brings, horizon, and everywhere—saltbush. neyed by taxi to the airport. It and now to have been to the temWe took turns driving, stopping certainly took longer to travel the ple as a family, and to have reonly to empty drums of petrol into suburbs in this larger city than it ceived our patriarchal blessings,

the petrol tank, or to check tires did back home in Perth. Why did was to be blessed indeed.

and feel hot brake drums. We had the taxi driver take so long to reach With this lovely feeling of conhad the bottom of the car sprayed the airport? As we finally stepped tentment, we left New Zealand. We

with proofcoating for rust prevenfrom the taxi at the airport, we collected our vehicle in Sydney and started on our return journey across

Isobel Johnson, active in genealogy and music, is the mother of four and Australia. There was much quiet

the wife of Bishop Raymond Johnson of the Perth (Australia) Second Ward. thinking. The temple ordinances

against sprinter background: former has an interesting She who decided the could not be discussed, yet they

light altitude for a specific holder record of the Australian Helsinki games, aircraft (17,000 feet), and partner with her husband in a gold mine before should not be forgotten. With so

giving it up because of "the intense heat and numerous 'death adder'snakes."much driving before us, it was possible to contemplate greatly on the

October 1969 events of the past few weeks and closed the windows again but town at 1 a.m., and we decided we

to prepare ourselves for an even didn't dare to stop the van, as the must both sleep. The next morning

greater dedication upon our return huge cloud of dust would have at dawn we continued on.

home. caught up with us and enveloped After we crossed the West AusWe were now well on the way; us. tralia border, we ran out of bottled

we had bypassed Adelaide and We kept on, opening up the front water. Because of the recent weeks

gone on to Port Augusta, where the vent again. The accelerator pedal of dry weather, a few roadside

bitumen ended. Now it was unburned our feet so we had to cover tanks were dry. We had a big

sealed road again. it with wet towels. It was a conemergency water tank in the back

Unexpectedly the temperature stant job wiping the faces of the of the van, so we pulled off all began to rise, and by the next day children, who were dazed and red the masking tape and opened up it had reached 100 degrees. The and needed plenty of water. the back door. Because of the

van had no lining inside the roof, Then the temperature climbed to bumpy, potholed roads, the water and as we were loaded up, there 113 and finally 114. I don't rememhad become stirred up. Apparently

was little air gap left. The miles ber looking at it after that. We there was some rust on the inside

stretched out. As we reached that were being cooked under the metal of the tank, because when we

point of no return again, the roof, but while the vehicle was poured the water, we found it to temperature was still climbing. The still running smoothly, we had to be very thick and rusty in color.

thermometer in the van went up to keep right on. But we had to have water to con102, 105, 108. Mirages were someWe had left New Zealand so tinue our journey, so we used

times seen, and a constant shimmer cool and green on January 16, and towels to strain it, then mixed it of heat also rose from the bonnet of we knew that we were likely to with a bottle of lemon cordial to the car in front of the windscreen. strike a heat wave on the Nullarconceal the taste.

Our faces became redder. Perspirabor Plain at this time of year. We At last we reached the bitumen

tion dripped from the tips of our didn't expect it to be 114 degrees, sealed road again, and the first noses and off our chins. though. proper town where clean water and

The temperature reached 110 de- I opened up our hymnbook and hot showers were available. We

grees. We must stop! But no—the it fell open at Number 170. With a were only 450 miles from home—

engine would be damaged and the wet, red face, sore eyes, and dry with 450 miles of good road ahead!

van would heat up even more. The throat, I began to sing, "Dearest Four years later we returned to

temperature rose to 111, then 112. children, God is near you, Watching the temple, again overland, but

If only we could open a window! o'er you day and night."this time in a lined station sedan

Even if the air was hot outside, As night fell and the temperature and without the children.

we might get a breeze of some sort dropped, the children slept; but my There is no other place on earth

from our movement. The dust wife and I had to take turns in to equal the temples of our Lord.

still clouded out behind us. We had driving for fear of being caught in To visit one of them is worth any

sealed all the back up with masking another heat wave the next day. We necessary sacrifice. Our spiritual

tape, but as we opened a front drove with one eye open, while and material blessings now far exwindow, fine dust was sucked in. holding a wet towel to the other ceed anything we have sacrificed

We coughed and choked, and the eye to refresh it. Then we would or any discomfort we have experidust settled in our throats and on open that eye and refresh the other. enced in our journeys to the

our perspiring faces. We quickly One night we arrived at a small temple. O

An Inner Core of Certainty Somewhere of outward circumstance.

in the deep As with the By Evalyn M. Sandberg recesses of the soul kinesthetic sense,

is stillness. we may not know its nature

It lies there, or exact location.

perennially quiet, We only know regardless of the its function:

pitch or pace balance.

10 Improvement Era Elder

18981969 JohnLonsden # "I am young in spirit and can see the problems of (Sharon) Dunn. They and their eight children have

the other fellow. My leanings have always been togiven much joy to the Longdens.

ward a missionary life, and I do feel that now, as never The couple's great support of youth activities found before, there is an excellent opportunity to preach the constant use in the Church. Sister Longden served

gospel. I have seen my own child laid away, have 13 years in the general presidency of the Young

lost one home in the last depression, and numerous Women's Mutual Improvement Association. Brother

other things have happened to me which have cerLongden served as assistant superintendent of the tainly made me sure of the true values in life, so I do MIA in the Yale Ward; later he was called to the

feel that if given the opportunity, I could help bring high council in the Salt Lake and Highland stakes.

satisfaction, solace, and perhaps a little happiness to During World War II, he served as assistant servicethe lives of others."men's coordinator in the Salt Lake City, Boise, and

So wrote John Longden in May 1942. This attitude Las Vegas areas, and at Bushnell General Hospital,

had charted his life for 43 years, and it was to guide Brigham City, Utah.

him the remaining 27. Elder Longden, Assistant to In May 1950, he was appointed a member of the

the Council of the Twelve, died August 30, 1969, at General Church Welfare Committee, and on October 6, his Salt Lake City home. He was 70 years old. 1951, he was sustained as an Assistant to the Council

Elder Longden was born in Oldham, Lancashire, of the Twelve. He had been known in the Salt Lake

England, November 4, 1898, to Thomas J. and Lizetta City area for his generosity in sharing his musical

Taylor Longden. When he was ten years old, the and speaking abilities through singing and speaking

family, converts to the Church, immigrated to Utah. at funerals and Church gatherings. These same abiliHe attended LDS High School, worked parttime as ties were now to be shared Churchwide.

a cash boy at ZCMI, studied at LDS Business College Among his general Church assignments were superand the University of Utah, and took correspondence vision of Church units in eastern Canada and Alaska, courses in business law. His interests and natural the islands of the Pacific, and most recently the

ability in music and drama motivated him to study British Isles. At the Tabernacle pulpit during genvoice, violin, and drama. In time he was on stage eral conference, he once reflected how he had atthroughout Utah and Idaho, playing juvenile and tended meetings in a little corrugated, galvanized

character parts, singing, and playing the violin. meetinghouse in Oldham, and then, 56 years later,

In 1921 he accepted a call to the Central States he had gone again to Oldham to dedicate a beautiful

Mission, where he presided over the North Texas modern chapel.

Conference. Returning home in 1924, he became an Active in civic affairs, he served as vicepresident

assistant MIA superintendent in the Salt Lake Stake, of the Salt Lake Rotary and president of the Bonnebegan work as a life insurance salesman, and married ville Knife and Fork Club, and was a member of the

Frances LaRue Carr in the Salt Lake Temple. Salt Lake Country Club and Alta Club. He also

A year later he was called as bishop to the Nineserved a term as president of the Intermountain teenth Ward, where he served for five years. During Electrical Association, as a director of the area Red

those years he changed his employment to electrical Cross, and for 20 years as a member of the appeal sales, a field in which he labored until he retired in board of District 2 of the Selective Service.

1960. He served as a sales representative for General Funeral services on September 3, in the Assembly

Electric Company and Utah Power and Light ComHall on Temple Square, were under the direction of pany, area manager of Westinghouse Electric Supply the First Presidency. Speakers at the funeral noted

Company, and area manager of National Electric that Elder Longden would long be remembered for

Products Corporation. his gentlemanly manner, his "rules of conduct for

He and Sister Longden were blessed with three missionaries,"and his behavior in expressing his firm daughters. The firstborn, Helen Margaret, passed belief, that people of all races and creeds are the

away in childhood. The two other daughters are children of God.

Mrs. Grant (Gail) Hickman and Mrs. Loren C. He will be genuinely missed. o

October 1969 11 HowtoEv One's performance is Guidelines on how changes it to excite passuccessful if he achieves sion and lewdness. He

what he has planned to to determine your uses sacred things to diaccomplish. There is an vert. He uses every teachold saying: "The proof of ing art to subvert man.

the pudding is in the effectiveness in your And so our objective is eating of it."basic. Is it to claim the

In approaching a proChurch calling mind and body of man gram or a project, one and enslave him, or is it to would naturally establish take him as we find him for himself his objective. and give him freedom to

What does he wish to acpursue his path to godcomplish? This would be hood?

true whether his objecIn our work there are tives were good or bad. other questions we should

Satan can perhaps give us examples of efficiency. He answer. Are our motives pure? Is our total purpose

really motivates. He has established and stated his lofty? Are we free from pride or other selfishness?

overall objective. It is his plan to divert every soul, What is the end result desired? Is it to encourage toand to degrade him and enslave him. To that end, the ward repentance? Is it to improve relationships? Is

arch deceiver has studied every way possible to it to restore confidence? Is it to build faith? Is it to

achieve his ends, using every tool, every device posdevelop character? Is it to create personality? Is it

sible. He takes over, distorts, and changes and camouto cause people to change direction? Is it to improve

flages everything created for the good of man, to the crops on one's farm? Or upgrade the livestock?

make it desirable to men so he may take over their Is it to build a better car? Is it to sell more insurance

minds and pervert their bodies and claim them his. or commodities?

He never sleeps—he is diligent and persevering. He Is it to increase spirituality? Is it to transform the

analyzes carefully his problem and then moves forsinner to sainthood? No matter what the objective

ward diligently, methodically to reach that objective. may be, the success of the undertaking should be

He uses all five senses and man's natural hunger and judged by the results obtained.

thirst to lead him away. He anticipates resistance and Certainly, in the evaluating process, one must be

fortifies himself against it. He uses time and space purposeful. He must know where he is going. The

and leisure. He is constant and persuasive and skillLord revealed: "Wherefore, now let every man learn

ful. He uses such useful things as radio, television, his duty...."Until he knows what is properly exthe printed page, the airplane, and the car to distort pected of him, how can he begin to judge his effecand damage. He uses the gregariousness of man, his tiveness? The scripture continues:

loneliness, his every need to lead him astray. He "... and to act in the office in which he is appointed,

does his work at the most propitious time in the most in all diligence.

impressive places with the most influential people. "He that is slothful shall not be counted worthy to

He overlooks nothing that will deceive and distort and stand, and he that learns not his duty and shows himprostitute. He uses money, power, force. He entices self not approved shall not be counted worthy to stand.

man and attacks at his weakest spot. He takes the Even so. Amen."(D&C 107:99100.)

good and creates ugliness. He takes beautiful art and In order that we may be worthy to stand, we must

gives it sensualness. He takes divine music and determine if our assignment is worthy and if an ap12 Improvement Era

By Elder Spencer W. Kimball

Of the Council of the Twelve

(Part I)

aluateYourPerformance

praisal of it is appropriate. So often there are those duties given us in the scriptures that pertain to our

who see themselves as "serving time"in a church callings. For example:

position, so that the idea of evaluation itself is never As we build toward spirituality, the scripture says made legitimate. we must teach by the Spirit: "... and if ye receive not

It is hard to put one's heart into a program that the Spirit ye shall not teach."(D&C 42:14.)

to him seems futile. I knew of one father with many Again, a specific instruction: "... I command you,

sons who desired to keep them busy; and when he all ye my saints, to build a house unto me...."This

ran out of productive work for them, it is said he had scripture says to send messengers and to come with them dig a ditch and then fill it in. If this were felt your gold, silver, precious stones and antiquities, box

by the boys to be futile, they would be unhappy, and trees, fir trees, and pine trees, and "build a house they would wonder about other jobs—if they were unto me...."(D&C 124:31.)

necessary. Concerning baptism, the scripture says: "All those

Sincerity is important. If one believes his work is who humble themselves before Cod, and desire to

vital, his enthusiasm for it and his vigor will tend to be baptized, and come create an acceptance of it., forth with broken hearts

For us to feel justified about our earthly work—the and contrite spirits, and

way Jesus did when he said, "It is finished"(John witness before the church 19:30), "... now behold, my joy is full"(3 Nephi that they have truly re17:20)—implies the existence of specific criteria pented of all their sins,

against which we can actually determine not only and are willing to take when we have finished but how much we have upon them the name of achieved and are achieving. Jesus Christ, having a deWe ascertain and establish acceptable standards of termination to serve him

excellence in a given field and measure our work acto the end, and truly mancordingly. We should be less interested in excelling ifest by their works that

others but more concerned with excelling our own past they have received of the records and using our established ideal standards and Spirit of Christ unto the remission of their sins, shall perfection as our goals and the measurement of our be received by baptism into his church."(D&C 20:37.)

attainments and our degree of progress. And concerning the duty of the teacher: he must

The criteria wc can apply to ourselves grow out of "watch over the church always, and be with and several sources: strengthen them; And see that there is no iniquity

1. One criterion involves the formal requirements of in the church, neither hardness with each other, neither

the position as contained in handbooks or manuals. lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking; And see that the

These are too often ignored in the call and hence church meet together often, and also see that all thereafter. Often expensive longdistance calls are members do their duty."(D&C 20:5355.)

made to ask questions that are answered clearly in the 3. An appraisal or evaluation may involve the elehandbook. ment of time: How much of my time, myself, and my

It is expected that handbooks will enumerate in talent are being effectively used in my calling—adeproper sequence the things to do without elaboration quate or too little?

or supporting material or reasons. Anyone can follow There are extra tests of our performance we assess

the handbook, but many fail to use this important against ourselves, knowing how much talent and method of appraising efforts. effort we are truly applying in relation to what we

2. There are the specific and general goals and can bring to bear on our assignment. Often, by reOctober 1969 13

fr 'We should be less interested in excelling others—more interested in

fusing to make concrete and to apply the above Often by refusing to make concrete and apply the criteria, we simply develop random attitudes and above criteria, we simply develop random attitudes feelings—sometimes unjustifiably reassuring and unand random feelings—sometimes unjustifiably reasjustifiably selfcondemnatory; we do not really test suring or unjustifiably selfcondemnatory—and thus

ourselves objectively. we do not test ourselves objectively and, therefore, we

4. There are the extra charges or mandates given fall short of the mark.

to us by the individual who made the call and the We can often increase our awareness of our relathings expected and wanted. tive effectiveness by sharing in appropriate ways the

There are at least three steps in the making of a evaluation with those who direct us, such as emcall: (a) the call itself, (b) the interview determining ployers, counselors, coworkers, and spouses. By

worthiness, and (c) the job description indicating opening the door for those about us to look at our what is expected within the call. efforts and talk with us,

The leader invites into his office the person sewe can gain information lected for a position. As he makes the call, he deand reactions that can

fines the position and its relationships; second, he will add to the data we must

interview, determining the willingness, availability, include in our evaluation.

and worthiness of the individual; third, he will give a For instance, the feeljob description, indicating what is required—in some ing that coworkers may

areas, this is called the charge. have about the poor qualThere are situational calls and charges in which the ity of teaching in the quodemands of the situation may go beyond the above rum relates directly, in the

criteria. case of a quorum presi-

A certain man was recommended to be a bishop, dent, to the ability of the not only to do the regular work of a bishop but also quorum to build brotherto use his promotion abilities in raising money and hood and identify in the quorum.

building a muchneeded chapel structure. In the call, Another example: Jimmie, the yard boy, went to the

this would be made clear and his success would be bank and asked the banker whose yard he tended if judged by his achievement in all of the items menhe could have the job working his yard. The banker,

tioned in the call and interview. who did not know the boy, said: "I am sorry, son, but

There could be extra charges given to the individual, I already have a boy doing that work for me."Jimmie

as in the call of a high councilor who had been a said, "Is he doing a good job for you?"The banker

very successful agriculturist and who was asked to replied, "Oh, yes, his work is very satisfactory. We

give special attention to a welfare farm or project. are pleased with his work."Jimmie said, "Thank you.

There could be a call to a missionary couple who I am your yard boy. I just wanted to know if my

would go to a given mission where they would pick work was satisfactory, to check up on myself."

up the crumbling parts of a branch that was failing. A certain bishop went to his stake president and

We assess the extra tests of our performance against indicated he was not being well received and that ourselves, knowing how much talent and effort we his work was not going forward well. He earnestly

are truly applying in relation to what we can bring asked in confidence what his weaknesses were. In

to bear on our assignment. Here, one might have deep sympathy and understanding, and without

hidden talents that had never been brought out in criticism, the president pointed out that he was too public and that he himself was conscious of and could brusque, that he was critical from the pulpit, that he bring to bear upon the assignment. For example, a embarrassed many people who came to him.

new family might move into an impoverished branch After his interview, there was a decided improvein a mission where there was no choir and no acment in the communications and the relationships of complished organist; one talented musician in the the bishop and his people.

family, whose talents were unknown to the branch, A stake missionary who had many opportunities to would find a way in total propriety to let the talents teach the gospel but seemed never to get a convert be known. had a good "truth"session with his mission president

14 Improvement Era

excelling our own past"

and learned that he was too general, that he covered of the thousands and rulers of hundreds, rulers of the whole gospel program and tended to confuse his fifties, and rulers of tens:

hearer rather than make a definite impression upon a "And let them judge the people at all seasons: and

specific phase. it shall be that every great matter they shall bring

An insurance agent, personable, attractive, with a unto thee, but every small matter they shall judge:

good voice and practically all of the qualifications so shall it be easier for thyself, and they shall bear necessary to write insurance, was not getting much the burden with thee."( See Exod. 18.

business on the books. With deep humility, he went An effective organization came into being, and work

to his supervisor and asked him why. The supervisor was delegated. Thus the effectiveness of Moses could

accompanied him and then said to him in sincerity be greatly enhanced. He could teach all of the people

and confidence, "You talk too much; you convince and handle the weightier matters for them and thus be

people that the program is good, and then before available to bring the blessings of his leadership to far they sign, you talk them out of it. Develop your greater numbers.

program to a proper conclusion; then seal the deal."We must go beyond surface measurements to

His work improved. be sure our evaluations

We do not know if Moses invited Jethro's construcare quality ones, or if they tive criticism or not, but clearly Moses created a are becoming a quick climate in which listening really occurred. ritual only. Perhaps this

Again, Moses apparently opened the door and percould be exemplified in a mitted his fatherin-law, Jethro, to counsel him, that temple interview. A bishhe might be more effective. Moses had taken the op could go down the line

flock of Jethro to the back side of the desert, and there and merely ask the conhe had his great experience of talking to the Lord ventional questions and through the burning bush. Moses had counseled with listen only for the words

Jethro, asking freedom to return to Egypt in conof the answers. His effecformity with the instructions given by the Lord. Then tiveness could be very

Moses had accomplished the deliverance act; he reIllustrated by David Thomas poor. He might receive

turned to the desert with his fatherin-law and became affirmative answers and yet the individual might be the judge of the people and handled their problemsquite unworthy to go into the temple.

marital, moral, spiritual, and financial. But Moses beThe bishop is entitled by revelation from the Lord

came overburdened and day and night tied with these to have discernment that would leave him uneasy problem cases, so Jethro came to him and evaluated about unworthy people, and thus he could prevent his work, saying: them from entering the sacred precincts of the

"What is this thing that thou doest to the people? temple. (See D&C 46:27.) An individual might be

Why sittest thou thyself alone, and all the people living the letter of the law on which he is questioned stand by thee from morning unto even?"and yet be totally dishonest, heavily in debt, unAnd then the wise fatherin-law said: "The thing scrupulous in his business dealings, a brute in his

that thou doest is not good. 'home. But if the bishop or stake president with this

"Thou wilt surely wear away, both thou, and this discernment goes far beyond the usual and the surpeople that is with thee: for this thing is too heavy for face measurements, he could better evaluate his

thee; thou art not able to perform it thyself alone. performance.

"... Be thou for the people to Godward, that thou To be more specific, numerous leaders have asked

mayest bring the causes unto God; in interviews, "Are you morally clean?"And the answer

"And thou shalt teach them ordinances and laws, was, "Yes,"when the individual actually was unclean.

and shalt shew them the way wherein they must walk, Perhaps in an occasion of this kind, the one being and the work that they must do. interviewed did not intend to lie, but the question was

"Moreover thou shalt provide out of all the people a general one, and he gave a general answer; and beable men, such as fear God, men of truth, hating cause they did not have a meeting of minds as to

covetousness; and place such over them, to be rulers what was morally clean, the wrong answer was given.

October 1969 15

"Each person must ask himself:

I doing all that inspirationAm and my imagination can dictate?"*

Richard L. Evans

The Spoken WordThis has happened too many times to count.

We can ask ourselves about what we have done specifically in the spirit of D&C 58—beyond the formal Let every man remember

requirements of the position—that enhances our efherever we are, whatever we do, wherever fectiveness. \ A / % f\ /we go, in time and space, there are always The Lord said:

facts face: to the unchanging Vthese need we V "... give ear word, to my

is alfor others and learn of me what I have yet—always—each and man

... will you. concerning

carries forever his himself, inseparably ways and and "... he that is faithful in tribulation, the reward of him. record with sobering, of the yet This is one

the same is greater in the kingdom of heaven. reassuring realities of life: responsibility for our

"Ye cannot behold with your natural eyes, for the record, and the separateness forever of each within present time, the design of your God concerning those himself. Oh, think then of all things done and said

things which shall come hereafter, and the glory which and seen—think then of all things remembered:

shall follow after much tribulation. Think how childhood memories acutely return at

"For after much tribulation come the blessings. times: faces, moods, words, impressions, sights and

Wherefore the day cometh that ye shall be crowned scenes. Sometimes the instrument seems clouded,

with much glory; the hour is not yet, but is nigh at sometimes acute, but the record is within us, of all

hand."(D&C 58:1-4.) we are or ever were, more surely than any graven

"For behold, it is not meet that I should command image, more surely than any etching. Oh, please God,

in all things; for he that is compelled in all things, the let every man remember that always he is inseparably

same is a slothful and not a wise servant; wherefore with himself, and that his mind and heart are known

he receiveth no reward."(D&C 58:26.) to thee, and that the face, the words, the surface,

Each person might evaluate himself in light of this. do not change the inner substance. The record that

Is he doing not only all the things his position requires, we write within forever makes the man. This gives

and all with which his superior has charged him? Is to each of us an absolute incentive to be honest

he also doing all that his own imagination and inspirawith ourselves; with others also; to be faithful in

tion can dictate? It is not enough to do only that marriage, true to loved ones; kind, sincere; to think

which the charge requires. with cleanliness of thought, to act with cleanliness

"Verily I say, men should be anxiously engaged in a of action; to intend no man ill or injury; to walk

good cause, and do many things of their own free will, humbly; to deal justly, free from deceit; to give an

and bring to pass much righteousness."(D&C 58:27.) honest day of work, and never take what isn't ours;

All men have been given special powers and within or never take virtue or innocence from anyone, or certain limitations should develop those powers, give avoid an honest obligation. Oh, each man should revent to their own imaginations, and not become rubber member how transparent he is before his Maker, and

stamps. They should develop their own talents and how truly written is the record inside himself, in

abilities and capacities to their limit and use them to time, and in eternity, as each remains himself.

build up the kingdom. "The unwritten only still belongs to

"For the power is in them, wherein they are agents thee;

unto themselves. And inasmuch as men do good they Take heed and ponder well what that

shall in no wise lose their reward. shall be."1

"But he that doeth not anything until he is com- 1 Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Morituri Salutamus.

manded, and receiveth a commandment with doubtful *The Spoken Word"from Temple heart, and keepeth it with slothfulness, the same is Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System damned."(D&C 58:2829. (To be continued) July 20, 1969. Copyright 1969.

16 Improvement Era.

FROM DESERET BOOKNEW BESTSELLERS

1. PROPHECIES AND PROPHETIC PROMISES 4. HIDDEN WEDGES

from THE DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS by Spencer W. Kimball

by Roy W, Doxey This is a little book..., but... its potential is BOOKOF-THEMONTH

In this volume, one hundred and five prophesies GIGANTIC!... probably the biggest value you'll ever BONUS VALUE

and prophetic promises make up fifty subjects discussget for a dollar and a quarter.

ed. This book demonstrates, through one facet—Many people are not aware of their "Hidden 5. TREASURE MOUNTAIN HOME

prophecy—that the Doctrine and Covenants is the Wedge", but very few people are without one. If let A Centennial History of Park City, Utah

word of the Lord. It can help Latterday Saints rego, unchecked, it becomes their inner weakness. by Fraser Buck and George Thompson

this are procrastination prone, book may If you revelareceived truth that Joseph Smith affirm the history are often People make who life. in your be the of the turning point source the in book not For the Church, those tion from God. characters. fictional fascinating than An more

excellent value. $1.25 Church. of the teachings interest in the spark an may

is of the robust who true miners This

An excellent gift for members and nonmember came seeking a fortune, but tamed a friends. $4.95 mountain wilderness and added to the

2. OF BOOK MORMON PERSONALITIES wealth"Treasureof Mountain"the nationtheiras home.they made

Lundstrom Joseph by To understand the personalities of the men of NOW... OCTOBER... ONLY $2.95

the Book of Mormon is to gain a better appreciation of the book, and the conflict between the great and therein. This contained personalities the infamous

apTreasure stories that contains have book the background

in weekly peared the Church now bound News—in Mountain

aid for families excellent An who are one volume.

studying the Book of Mormon together. $3.95 Order from..

Temple, East South So. Main,I 3. OUT OF THE BEST BOOKS 44orDESERET777 BOOK COMPANY Town Salt& Country,Lake City,Orange,Utah Calif.8411092668

5 Volume 3 4 5 by Bruce B. Clark & Robert K. Thomas Please send me items circled: 12

This volume is filled with articles from the world's Totalsales costtax from Utah residents orderingThis mustfrom includeSalt Lake4Vz%or greatest literature. They follow the theme "Com- 5% sales tax from California residents ordering from

Orange. Paid In a Responsibility."is so munity day when there by check; money order Q or charge

account. established intelligent, dissention communities, in so many much

thinking people want to know more about the cause Name.

and effect of such dissension. It's all presented in

volume five. Get your copy now (This is the text for

the Relief Society's Cultural Refinement lessons for 196970.) $3.25

Oct. 1969 Era

October 1969 17 Anyone who has ever read the and all who learn of its message, head, and with closed eyes offers

Book of Mormon cannot help but can appreciate the circumstances a prayer, perhaps a dedication of wonder about the circumstances suggested in the scene that has this secret vault and its sacred surrounding Moroni when he finalrecently been illustrated. The few contents. The metal plates catch

ly buried the gold plates in the known facts of this event have the moonlight. The sword of Laban

Hill Cumorah. In what season of been blended with thoughtful conis seen in silhouette. The freshly

the year did he seal up the plates, jecture by the noted American dug earth has been spilled out which were not revealed to mortal illustrator, Tom Lovell. His paints across the snow.

eyes until he personally showed and pigments portray Moroni Note, however, that this is not them to young Joseph Smith fourkneeling in the snow, a lonely the forlorn figure of a desperate teen centuries later? figure against a backdrop of great man, the sole survivor of an enReaders of the Book of Mormon, brooding trees. It is a moment of tire nation. The naked arms are

majesty as Moroni clasps his those of a warrior; the uplifted

hands together, places them on face shows the quiet strength of a top of the sacred record, raises his prophet. This is a man who had

written: "I have not friends nor

Sketches by artist Tom Lovell show progressive development of the painting. Note

artist's experiments with perspective and the head position of Moroni. The drawings are

not necessarily in order of completion.

18 Improvement Era By Richard J.

Marshall

whither to go; and how long the

Lord will suffer that I may live I Richard J. Marshall coordinates for the Church the creation of much of the

know not."(Morm. 8:5.) artwork and display material used in Church visitors centers.

Why the gray hair? the tattered

clothing? This is certainly not a father apparently was in his sevfather, Mormon, in an earlier paintyoung man. Students of the Book entyfourth year when in 384 A.D. ing. (Era, April 1968, p. 12.)

of Mormon have pointed out that he announced that he "began to be The single sign of his erudition while Moroni was perhaps a young old."Moroni may have been in is the plates. Indeed, Moroni was

man when he survived the last his early twenties or even younger, an educated man and had writgreat battle of Cumorah, which or perhaps in his thirties or forties ten: "And now, behold, we have

took place sometime between 385 when he took charge of his ten written this record according to and 400 A.D., it was some 36 thousand men at Cumorah. After our knowledge, in the characters

years after the final preparations the. final battle Moroni had no which are called among us the refor the Cumorah wars before he home that we know of, no place to formed Egyptian, being handed

did his last and final writing. His rest; he wandered, wary of death down and altered by us, accordat the hands of the Lamanites. His ing to our manner of speech.

clothing no longer bespeaks the "And if our plates had been culture and refinement of the Nephites. It may have been simple

animal skins. However, on his arm

he wears the same striking bracelet that was seen on the arm of his

October 1969 19 sufficiently large we should have his calling as steward over the referred to anciently by John was written in Hebrew; but the Hebrew sacred records. also corroborated to the Prophet

hath been altered by us also; and Some have suggested that Joseph Smith in Hiram, Ohio, on

if we should have written in HeMoroni at first may have ended November 3, 1831, when the Lord brew, behold, you would have had his writings at Mormon 8:13. This revealed to him, "0 inhabitants of

no imperfection in our record."is further borne out by his continuthe earth, I have sent forth mine

(Morm. 9:3233.) ing to write long after he had angel flying through the midst of

Some readers point out that at indicated he had "but few things heaven, having the everlasting 400 A.D. Moroni seems to finish to write"and had made "an gospel, who hath appeared unto

the book, thinking perhaps this end of speaking concerning the some and hath committed it unto would be the end of his writing, people."(Morm. 8:1, 13.) After man...."(D&C 133:36.)

saying, "Behold, I make an end of making these comments, however, Ironically, Moroni's farewell in speaking concerning this people. Moroni adds considerably more to his final chapter is "unto my

I am the son of Mormon, and my the Book of Mormon, suggesting brethren, the Lamanites"(Moro.

father was a descendant of Nephi."that he did so at a later time: he 10:1), and he testifies to them of

(Morm. 8:13.) Having finished his adds the lengthy Chapter 9 of Christ and sets down his great exhistory, as he supposed, he may Mormon, adds his translation of hortation in verse 4, which is a

have put the plates away only to Ether's writings, and concludes by quotation frequently used by latreturn later to do some more writgiving a final book called after terday missionaries in helping ing, translating, and abridging. Or himself. The last date given is prospective converts gain testiperhaps he kept the plates with 421 A.D. monies of the Book of Mormon.

him in his wanderings. So it is a wiser, much older man In the new Lovell painting, this

President Brigham Young said who kneels in the snow and preprophet-warriorwanderer seems to Warren S. Snow, as they stood pares to hide this second witness not so forlorn nor lonely when

on the Manti Temple site on April for Christ—a lonely man, perhaps, his great salutation—the final 25, 1877, "Here is the spot where but one who had never failed in verse of all his writings—is read:

the prophet Moroni stood and his testimony: "And I, Moroni, will "And now I bid unto all, farededicated this piece of land for a not deny the Christ."(Moro. 1:3.) well. I soon go to rest in the

Temple site, and that is the reaThis is the mortal man who was paradise of God, until my spirit son why the location is made here, to become the angel seen in vision and body shall again reunite, and and we can't move it from this by John the Revelator, "having I am brought forth triumphant spot."(Orson F. Whitney, Life of the everlasting gospel to preach through the air, to meet you before

Heber C. Kimball, Bookcraft, Inc., unto them that dwell on the the pleasing bar of the great

1967 ed., p. 436.) Hence, it seems earth...."(Rev. 14:6.) The Jehovah, the Eternal Judge of both

that Moroni had considerable time recognition by Latterday Saints quick and dead. Amen."(Moro.

to contemplate the importance of that Moroni was indeed the angel 10:34.) o

Priceless Package

By Dorothy Cameron Smith The day is a jewel—Presented to mankind in general,

Uncut and unpolished as yet, To be worn in good taste,

Set in the box of the morning, Without merit of carat,

Against the plush background of nature, But weighed in the memory of the heart,

Reflecting the colors of the universe, According to the care taken in handling the

Giftwrapped with the ribbons of dawn merchandise,

Unfolding in their pastel beauty, Never to be returned or exchanged for something betterMarked with a tag from the heavens, Thread on the chain of eternity.

20 Improvement Era Bring on the Grandparents

By Bill R. Under

Illustrated by Dale Kilbourn

One of the most unexpected live with us the way they live with thing is missing in their neat little complaints against modern society their children and grandchildren suburban houses without them."

by its current generation of teenin the storybooks?""Many of them feel very lonely,"

agers, as revealed in a recent "Why can't we have them to be reports another counseling agency.

study, is a lack of companionship with us and to talk to?""They are not sure who they are,

with grandparents. Some surprisOne researcher says, "They why they are on earth, or where

ing comments are: want grandparents like kids had they are going. They're searching

"Why don't our grandparents 50 years ago, and they feel somefor identity."

What is it about grandparents Archives, analyst for Bill R. Linder, the National D.C., formerly Washington management was

lications (Virginia) Society, editor of the Genealogical of the Vienna Ward. and is a member

it pubthatlives—especiallyhelps to fill voidsteenagers?in persons'Is

October 1969 21 'Youngsters learn do this or that or if we don't. They come and spend time with the famknow the secrets of living; they ily will help cement family ties.

have discovered long ago, by the Have them in the home, not only to observe handme-down route, the allim- for family home evening but for portant clues to finding continuity several days at a time, and often.

the aging process and purpose in life. Give youngsters a chance to evaluThe family chain is by nature ate the relationships Mom and

eternal, and each succeeding genDad have with their parents, for and to accept eration brings a fresh harvest of by watching these reactions and wisdom and experience to call interrelationships, they can better illness and death"upon. Even our grandparents'gauge their own actions.

grandparents had to learn for Invite the grandparents to the wisdom of years and experithemselves the basic lessons in talk. Nothing pleases grandparents

ence, that surefooted confidence life, and today we live by pracmore than to tell of things that and firm approach to reality, or is tically the same codes they did. happened "way back when."In

it the tactful, welloffered advice Today's teenagers are likely to the process, watch carefully.

that often brings a wink of thanks live until 2020 or 2030. In their Somewhere buried in those pleasin ticklish situations? middle years they'll see a brand ant remembrances, they'll be clueGrandparents play many roles new century come, the twentyfirst ing your kids in on a secret. Don't

in family affairs. They serve as a century, with its revolutionary new be too surprised at the simplicity

link between the child and the preways, means, schemes, and ideas. of its hiding place. Common sense

ceding generation, bringing contiBy then, the present afterschool will easily direct it. With alert ears

nuity to the family and knowledge service station attendants and to the past and sharp eyes to the of previous eras. "Tell me about babysitters will be struggling to present, while Grandpa talks, the

Daddy when he was a boy"is get their own children through colchildren will discover their own bound to come up sooner or later. lege, or may even be shifting into future 50 years from now.

Through grandparent companionan entirely different gear of living The simplest ageold principles ship, the child learns the humanas grandparents themselves. for living will pour out of these

ness and early experiences of his They'll rub elbows, personally, oldsters. Do you know what they'll

parents. The child has something with two centuries, fore and aft. say first? Have you ever known a

on which to build his own personThey will have heard their grandgrandparent not to mention the ality and attitudes—different and parents quote yarns about the importance of honesty and upseparate, yet part of his family Civil War, which they got from rightness before God and fellowunit. The youngsters learn to obtheir elders, and the Gay Nineties man? They'll do it almost every

serve the aging process and to to them were just that close. Mom time—and who needs reminding

accept and enjoy life, regardless and Dad remember well the Great more than today's teenagers?

of illness and death of the aged Depression, and the names GoebMoms and dads can stand a little members of the family. bels, Himmler, and Hiroshima. reminding, too.

It is no wonder teenagers miss On the other extreme, teenagers Grandparents like to turn the their grandparents. They want today will know their own grandconversation to things of the spirit.

them to be as much of their routine children and will look into their If they have a testimony, they'll as Saturday night dates. The futures, which may extend on into pass it on to you and your kids.

older folks who talk about horse the latter half of the twentyfirst This brings on a spiritual togetherand buggy and kerosene lamps, century. It is amazing how today ness that is never forgotten and

but who can't comprehend modern is linked with yesterday and toresults in a continuing chain, fashions or the Beatles or surfmorrow. past to present to future, generaboards, are merely partial looking Parents everywhere ought to tion to generation, father to son.

glasses reflecting the same basic heed the complaints of today's Without the past there is no fuif we close the connectimage years hence. teenagers and give them back ture—and

And if you want your future their grandparents. A Sunday at ing links we will not only find the

told, ask Grandma. She's no Grandma's house will be well past, but we will be prepared for

soothsayer, but grandparents know spent and a pleasant day to rethe future also.

what the future will bring if we member. Inviting grandparents to Bring on the grandparents! O

22 Improvement Era 1. MIRACLE OF FORGIVENESS

By Spencer W. Kimball

With insight and authority a modem apostle gives a penetrating explanation of repentance and forgiveness, the Savior's way of healing souls. A major work of substance

and power. Its clarifications and encouragements fill a universal need in today's

world. $4.95

2. PASSPORT TO SURVIVAL

By Esther Dickey

Stresses survival value of four foods: wheat, powdered

milk, honey and salt. Gives 100 nourishing recipes using

these items exclusively. Outlines additional foods and survival techniques. An indispensable household tool for food

by Elijah Nicholas Wilson fy preservation, storage, and general family preparedness.

$3.50

3. AMONG THE SHOSHONES

By Elijah Nicholas Wilson

The autobiography of a white man who lived with the

Shoshone Indians, this fascinating story of pioneer and

Indian life is unsurpassed for excitement and realism. Out

of print for years, it will delight readers of every age.

$3.50

October 1969 23

.A FEW GREAT WORDS TO THE WISE

4. AN ENEMY HATH DONE THIS 5. DISCOURSES OF 6. CLASSIC EXPERIENCES

By Ezra Taft Benson WILFORD WOODRUFF AND ADVENTURES

Selected and arranged by G. Homer Durham

adventures by The ReprintedHardhitting and in CLASSIC this book are culled! demand, thisspirited, volume popular

uses specific these sermons and ilford from a series 1 examples to show speeches by oodrutt originally published ANDhow individual President Wilford by the "Juvenile 1 ADVEKW freedoms are being Woodruff reveal a Instructor"in the washed away—and fascinating and SB 1880's. Four formed;

a solution to intimate glimpse part of the Faithstem the tide. to his life and his Promoting Series.!

religious beliefs.

$3.95 $3.95

7. THE WAY TO PEACE 8. MESSAGE OF THE

By Mark E. Petersen DOCTRINE & COVENANTS

By John A. Widtsoe

Here is a previously With turmoil and unpublished conflict growing manuscript of the deeper throughout deceased apostle the world, a dynamic which gives his writer forthrightly **r. vivid and inspiring

points the way to comments on; Be T'\ theology, prophecy happiness, thru 3

peace which the and literature as

Master offers. found in the

Doctrine and $3.95 Covenants.

9. PIONEER AND INDIAN 10. VITAL QUOTATIONS 530 M By Emerson Roy WestSTORIES By Lucy Parr W

More than 2600 Readers of all ages important quotawill delight with PIONEER 14. New and Beautiful Ivory tions reflecting

these stories of J* Sculptures of all nine Presidents importantreligion, politics,ideas in the American

Frontier. White -beautiful for Chapel, Seminary, education, and

living, red men, men and collected bad INDIAN Offices.Bishops AllandnineStakeare Presidentsbeautifully everyhave beenday and good men

men, meet against framed -$14.95. from more than 900

a colorful pioneer responsible and SIZE 7X9 respected men background. +M $4.95 and $2.50 women.

11. MISSION FOR MOTHER: 12. GOD, MAN AND THE 13. MEANINGFUL LIVING

GUIDING THE CHILD UNIVERSE By Paul H. Dunn

By G. Hugh Allred By Hyrum L. Andrus

The total spectrum of s Here is the formula Designed to help thoughts expressed——for successful

mother train and by Joseph Smith Jr. Kriv4 modern living as

revealed through the concerning discipline her insight MHIINRL the deep of the secrets children by providing guideuniverse as revealed f—and rich overtones

lines which will to him by -The Great of Jesus'teachings.

make her selfCreator. Contains A downto-earth,

practical analysis stateknown assured, happy every on NM.il* the Sermon the by ment made and competent. [ftjijWifijj Af0 RUS theof Mount. Prophet on this

$3.95 topic. $5.95

24 Improvement Era 15. WAY TO HAPPINESS 16. LIFE EVERLASTING 17. 52 GREAT THOUGHTS

By Rulon S. Howells By Duane S. Crowther

New insight on life Each 5"x 7"card in after death. A look at this set of 52 contains

the next estate of man. a gem of wisdom from

$4.50 the great thinkers of

the world.

18. EVENING AND MORNING 19. CLIMBING OUR FAMILY 20. MORMON DOCTRINE

STAR TREE SYSTEMATICALLY By Bruce R. McConkie

By George 0. Zabriskie

This is a reproduction A member of the Defines all the basic of the historyladen American Society of principles of salvation.

Church periodical pubGenealogists, the auIdeal reference book lished in Indepenthor is an expert of for personal research, dence, Mo. r and Kirtnote. This approach to talks, sermons, misland, Ohio during 1832 genealogy instruction sionary and seminary

through 1834. will teach you stepby- study. Contains speci-

$7.95 step procedures. fic information on gos-

$4.95 pel questions.

$6.95

21. THE FOURTH THOUSAND 22. TRUE TO THE FAITH 23. PROPHECY, KEY

YEARS Compiled by Llewlyn R. McKay TO THE FUTURE

By W. Cleon Skousen By Duane S. Crowther

Covers the dramatic A monumental new Knowledge of the fusweep of Biblical events book of the sermons ture as revealed by from the time of David and writings of Presiancient and modern to Christ. The Prophets dent David 0. McKay. prophets. This intensecome alive as this narArranged alphabetically ly fascinating book inrative unfolds. Nearly by subject matter. Interprets and explains

900 pages. spiring spiritual couneach facet of prophecy.

$6.95 sel from the pen of a $4.50

Prophet.

$3.95

BOOKCRAFT 24. FAMILY HISTORY P.O. Box 268

by George Zabriskie Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Please send the following circled book(s) for which I enclose

Two volumes, over check or money order in the amount of $

THE 1,000 pages each. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13

ZABRISKIE Thousands of names 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24

FAMILY for genealogical work.

Personal Zabriskie NAME family history.

$25.00 set BOOKCRAFT ADDRESS

P.O. Box 268 CITY

Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 STATE ZIP.

Residents of Utah add 4%% sales tax. is 8-2269

October 19f 25 FearAWalkWith By Garth Geddes

I slowed my step and looked was my element. Why then did of a swimmer slowly making his

to assure myself that no one was events weigh so heavily upon me way through the surf and into the near. A single set of footprints as to bring me to the depths of small lagoon over which I stood.

trailing down the beach gave mute despair, and why did my spirit Soon he was directly below me, evidence that I was alone. The groan within me and cry for relief? unaware of my presence. As I

ocean churned over the reef and Aimlessly I walked on. Ahead, watched, he released crumbs of

rushed onto the shore with a restthere came into view the rotting bread from a small cloth sack he lessness that seemed only to add remains of an old trestle bridge. I had tied to his waist. The water

to the urgency of my pilgrimage. 1 guess it had been crushed years suddenly churned to life as hunwanted to be alone. I hurried on, before by an angry sea and now lay dreds of magnificently colored

seeking perhaps for a "sacred restlessly within her bounds. I tropical fish flashed from the

grove"or a desert place where, walked out along the broken timbottom of the lagoon to take like Jesus, I could be strengthened bers and stood above a small, the crumbs. His sack empty, the

for the difficult days that lay deepblue lagoon. From my eleswimmer surfaced and lifted the

ahead. vated view I commanded a thougoggles from his face. He said a

Things had happened so quicksand miles of sea and sand. I surprised hello as he became

ly. So much had been left undone felt very small and very much aware that I had been watching.

and unsaid in the few short days alone. In the quiet hush that surHardly a dozen words had passed

that separated the receipt of my rounded me, I could have believed between us when, without foreorders and my departure for Vietthat I was the only living soul in thought, the question, "Are you a nam. Now I walked alone along all the world. Mormon?"tumbled from my lips.

the beach of an island that I hardly In awe and desperate need I "Yes,"came the excited reply.

knew existed until just a few minbowed my head and prayed. We embraced as brothers. He,

utes ago, when our aircraft landed "Father in heaven, help me. Let like me, was lonely. He also had

here. En route, by stroke of fate me live to see my wife and children prayed for help. The only Latteror divine providence, mechanical again; bless them. I love them, day Saint living on the island, he

difficulties had caused our plane God. I love them so very much. too longed for the strength that

to divert onto this tiny speck of an Bless us all. Give us strength to comes from the communion of

island in the middle of the Pacific do what we must do."Saints, of priesthood bearers.

Ocean. I raised my eyes, pondering How strange, yet how beautiFor days I had been tortured what I had said. I was impressed fully simple are the ways of God.

with loneliness, uncertainty, and how an experience such as this Our lives inexorably crossed, and fear. Yet I was no stranger to these puts things in their proper order. the impact of this strange rendezemotions. I was a career soldier, Momentarily I caught a glimpse vous was astonishing to both of us.

a veteran infantryman, a parachutist, an experienced pilot. I lived Garth Geddes, a career officer in the U.S. Army, is presently assigned to the

and General Staff College, Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. He and his Command

children. with fear and death and had failed wife have six

many difficult circumstances. This

26 Irorovement Era FOR 30 DAYS ONLY!

IPH when you join the

rcfii In il i mn———(offerfnffer exoiriexpires Nov. 10th, 1969)

REGULAR $7.50 VALUE

AT ALL BOOK STORES

How could it have been more plainly told that God knew we were there, that he was aware of our separate needs, that he had By Sterling W. Sill

heard our prayers?

I had indeed found my sacred Probably the most popular on leadership evergrove, my desert place. Oh, I was 00N&0 books

lonely still; I had no real assurpublished for Church members.

ance that I would not be killed in the mortal combat that was now just hours away. God had

not revealed that all would be well with my wife and family. Yet I

took from that tiny tropical island one small pearl of great price that

I shall cherish forever: I knew that

God loved me, and that even at the ends of the earth he knew where I was. He was aware of my

suffering, of lonely hours, of tears shed in solitude. In his own way,

God had spoken to me anew the words given to the Prophet Joseph

THIS HATH AN SH0SH0NES DONE THE ENEMYin the dark chambers of Liberty AMONG $4.95 Taft Wilson $3.50 Nichols Benson By Ezra By Elijah

Jail 130 years before:

"... my son... all these things CLASSIC EXPERIENCES AND DOCTRINETHE MESSAGE& COVENANTSOF THE

shall give thee experience, and ADVENTURES $3.95 By John A. Widtsoe $3.50

shall be for thy good. The Son of THE WAY TO PEACE PIONEER AND INDIAN STORIES

Man hath descended below them By Mark E. Petersen $3.95 By Lucy Parr $2.50

all. Art thou greater than he?

Therefore, hold on thy way, and:: LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC. 10 69

P.O. BOX 400

the priesthood shall remain with SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84110 thee; for their bounds are set, M Please enroll me as a member of the LDS Books Club, Inc. I

they cannot pass. Thy days are agree to purchase four additional club selections during the next

known, and... shall not be numprice12 months.for the Enclosedfollowing iscircledmy checkbook(s).or money order for $2.69 plusbered less; therefore, fear not m 1 5

what man can do, for God shall Name..

be with you forever and ever."O LDS Books Address.

Club.Inc. City.... State. Zip.

October 1969 27 "Everything and one,"replied the home of the Barnes family. friends from the quorum. They

Tim Barnes, as his deacons "Thanks for bringing him arrived just at milking time, so quorum secretary asked for his home,"said Tim, "and for the they all pitched in and helped attendance at priesthood meetswell job of patching him up."with the chores. Tim's mother

ing, sacrament meeting, Sunday "Nothing to it,"said Billy. "We then invited them in for cherry

School, and MIA, and his quorum learned all about that in our Boy pie and cold milk.

assignments completed. I have Scout troop."Tim and Billy soon became

heard those words many times as Their talking was interrupted by good friends. Then late one

I have visited priesthood quorums the sound of Mrs. Barnes'voice. evening, just after the evening

(as have countless others who "Tim, you had better get on the chores, Billy said to Tim, "You have worked with our Aaronic milking. It's getting late."know, we would sure like to have

Priesthood youth), but today they "Golly,"said Billy. "You mean you come over to our quorum

seemed to have a special meaning. you have cows?"meeting next Sunday."

It was not always this way for "Sure, and horses, pigs, chick- "I'd like to come, but I just

Tim. He and his mother moved about everything. It's can't get done with my chores ens—just

onto the Swenson farm just four kind of hard, though. My dad died and over there by eight o'clock.

months ago. Our first attempts to after a heart attack a year ago, I'll start when my brother comes

bring Tim into activity met with and my older brother won't be home from the army,"Tim refailure. home from the army for three plied.

He was a quiet lad. He had very more months. So there's just Mom Billy said nothing, but he was

little to do with the Church, or and me."thinking.

anyone, for that matter. He always Billy watched intently as Tim That Saturday afternoon he

seemed to be alone. His only brought in the cows and locked called a special quorum meeting

companions were his dog Tip and their heads in the stanchions. "Will at his home. The next morning

his mother. you let me put the milkers on Tim heard a rap at his door just

Two months ago Tip was hit by one?"he asked. as he was getting dressed.

a car in front of the home of Billy "Sure, go ahead.""Hi, Tim! We thought we would

Jackson, the deacons quorum Soon the milking was finished. help you with your chores so you

president. Billy saw the accident, Billy felt good inside. He had could go to priesthood meeting

and he carefully carried Tip off helped save Tip and had been able with us."

the street, applied first aid, and to learn about miking chores, but Tim was amazed. After what

put a splint on the dog's right most of all he had made a friend. seemed like only minutes, the

front leg. Then Billy and his dad During the next week Billy went chores were done and the boys

carefully placed Tip in the back to Tim's home several times. On headed for their homes on their

of the station wagon and drove to one visit he brought three of his bicycles.

Everything and One Billy called out, "Tim, my dad and I will pick you up in half an hour for priesthood meeting."

Tim was ready and waiting. The

quorum meeting that day had a special spirit, for the deacons had exercised their priesthood.

That was two months ago. The OUT OF THE BEST BOOKS

quorum members have been over Regular $3.25

every Sunday morning since, and Special $2.60

Tim has not missed a priesthood,

Sunday School, or sacrament 2. Vols. 1-3 ea. $1.95

meeting. (Vol. 4 Out of Print)

Tim's brother Jack is home 3. You & Your Child's

World - Landeau $3.95

from the army now. He hasn't

been to church yet, but Tim says 4.MakingArt ofHooleHome $4.25

that he has promised to come out 5. I Thee Wed -

next Sunday. Mrs. Barnes has Rex Sidmore $2.95

attended sacrament meeting with 6. Jesus the Christ

Tim and started attending Relief James Talmage $3.50

Society. 7. Doc. &Cov.

Now whenever I hear the words Commentary $4.95

"everything and one,"as the quorum roll is called, I think of how the Lord has promised us every- * * * # * thing he has if we are faithful.

And I think of Tim, Billy, and the deacons quorum, and how the priesthood in action is changing 8. Handcarts to Zion

the life of a boy, a family, and LeRoy Hafen $4.95

future generations to come. o 9. Discourses of

Joseph Smith $4.95

Dale Quinlan, an industrial specialist 10. Gospel Doctrine

at Hill Air Force Base, is first counseJoseph F.Smith $4.95

lor in the Sunset (Utah) Sixth Ward.

11. Way to Perfection

J.F.Smith $3.50

12. Life Eternal

Lynn McKinlay $3.95

13. Key to Happiness

Beatrice Sparks $3.95

14. Who Am I

QuinlanBy Dale Alvin R.Dyer $5.50

Illustrated by Dick Brown

CHARTER MEMBERS RECEIVE:

a. Catalog of our books! c. Discount lists up to 50%

b. Monthly Reviews! d. "As a Man Thinketh"

Please enroll me as a charter member and send me FREE "As a Man Thinketh!"

I understand there is no minimum purchase and I may resign any time! However,

)l agree to return the "review card"each month or else purchase the "feature book"for that month. For every $20 of nondiscounted books I will receive a FREE BOOK!

EEHIV Enclosed is $ for the following circled book(s):123456789 10 11 12 13 14

(Beehive pays postage! Add 4%% sales tax in Utah) Oct. 69 liUJiUWj:

Print Name:.

626 "H"Street Address: Utah 84103 City:. State: Zip:

1AT (7*i F "V'J

cdiy4

Lithe Season Thereof By Amy Hillyard Jensen

Illustrated by Dale Kilbourn

Amy Hillyard Jensen, a Sunday School teacher in the Bellevue (Washington) First Ward and the mother of eight, found the plot for this story in an incident involving friends whose son was serving a mission. Improvement Era

Fiction

From the journal of America—Alan to Argentina, and Doug to Brazil.

Catherine Wyman This morning before we left for the airport, we all stood for a minute under the old apple tree

September 19, 1966 that's sheltered our family for so long. Then Doug

gave a shootingfor-a-basket leap and grabbed a

We put Doug on the plane for Salt Lake this ripe apple. "This'11 have to last me,"he said.

morning, and somehow I found the strength not Yes, / thought, as in a minute he devoured what to weep. But I wondered, as I have so many times had been months in the making. It will have to

these past few months, how did it happen? Hotv last me, too. So I looked and looked and tried to

did my handsome Protestant son end up as a, memorize the lines of the face that has been mine

Mormon missionary? to love for nearly 20 years.

We were so "understanding,"Richard and I, when Doug came to us two years ago and said he Christmas Day, 1966 wanted to join the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints. His best friend, Alan Baker, Elder Douglas Wyman

was a Mormon, so we knew they were fine people. Caixa Postal 862

And maybe we really thought the whole idea Sao Paulo, Brazil would wear off, like some of his other teenage fancies. I don't know. All we asked was that he Dearest Doug,

wait a few months to be sure. Merry Christmas!!! Dinner is over, and

But waiting only seemed to strengthen his dewe're each of us sitting here and writing termination. He went to church twice on Sunday you a letter, even Grandpa McFarland. We

and to every conceivable kind of meeting during drove up to Bellingham and got him a few the week. It was annoying, but we couldn't really nights ago, and he'll stay here over New

object. Then he was baptized. Year's.

I guess the turning point came when he decided I can see the apple tree from where I sit.

to go to Brigham Young University. If only we Right now the branches are so bleak and

had kept him here in Seattle! He could have gone deadlooking it's hard to imagine that

to one of the community colleges or to the universpring will ever come again.

sity. Instead, he went off to Utah with Alan, and But in Brazil I guess it's already sumhis letters home were brimming with love for this mer now. We're so anxious to hear from you,

life of his. to know that you've arrived safely and that

happenedK newWhat is shouldn't have come as a surfine. everything t

prise, I guess. We knew the Bakers were planning It was so good to talk to you Monday mornto send Alan on a mission. But when Doug came ing when you called from the Salt Lake airhome from college in June and told us he wanted portif you can call it talking. I'm afraid

to go too—well, I cried, and Richard was as grim we were a pretty tearful bunch. Even Randy,

as I've ever seen him. who never does anything "uncool"if he can

"Doug,"he told him, "you know my business help it, went off by himself after your right now barely keeps the five of us going. I phone call. Laurie and I must have used up

simply haven't the money to finance your... half a box of tissue between us. And your

whim!"dadwell, you know what an old softie he is!

I'll never forget the look on Doug's face. "Dad,"The thing that was really the hardest to

he said, "this isn't a whim. I want it more than takebut the sweetest—was the prayer you

I've ever wanted anything in my life. I've saved said, right there on the phone. I don't

a little from my job and my bishop says the memthink we've ever felt closer as a family bers of the elders quorum want to help finance than we did at that moment.

my way."We're so proud of the way you've learned

So that was it. Summer has rushed by, the your Portuguese. It must be hard. But what

daysbuy—thefillednights,with withinnoculationsa mother'sandtears.newNowsuitsbothto toan assetsay I'mwhensorryyou goforbacktheto waycollege.I've Iactedwant

Doug and Alan will be at the Language Training about your taking these two years away from

Institute for a few weeks before going to South your schooling. It's your life, Doug, and

October 1969 31 Advertisement

People over 65 get the cash they need to fill the gaps in Medicare that could cost them thousands.

Life's more fun when you feel secure against medical bills. It's twice the fun

knowing you'll get money back for staying healthy. Sick or well you must collect.

What CanTim Do about Today's $54aday Hospital Costs?

Like everything else, the cost of being sick or hurt well, you still get a big check. Instead of paying prehas gone up sharply. The average daily cost of a hosmiums which return no money if you have no claims,

pital stay has tripled since 1952from $18.35 to $54.08 you get a cash refund of all your basic annual pre-

a day. Hospitals have done a good job holding down miums at maturity. It's like having an extra savings

costs, but everything they buy costs more today, and account set aside for your future security and pleasure.

they must make huge investments in modern, lifeYou don't even have to stay 100% healthy to get saving equipment. money back. If you collect benefits that are less than

These $54-a-day hospital costs have put millions of what you paid in annualized premiums, you get a cash

Americans in a dangerous spot, because their health refund of the difference.

insurance is no longer enough to pay the bills. They'll So sick or well, you must collect! It's the sensible,

either have to pay the lion's share out of their own lowcost answer to today's rising medical costs.

pockets—or buy more health insurance, using money This remarkable MoneyBack protection is offered

they'd rather save for the future. by Bankers Life and Casualty Co. of Chicago, whose

But now there's a remarkably different kind of famous White Cross Plan policies now protect over moneyback hospital plan that solves this problem. 6,000,000 Americans. And the White Cross Plan also

This revolutionary plan takes the worry out of life beincludes new lowcost protections to help folks who cause it returns money to you if you don't get sick or are over 65 fill the many gaps in Medicare.

hurt. If you don't need the benefits, you get paid a big The story of this revolutionary $200-a-week hoscash "nest egg"at maturity pital plan that also pays you cash if you stay well—

Like ordinary insurance, this low cost plan pays you and special "Over65"plans to supplement Medicare—

generous taxfree cash benefits if you do go to the hosis told in the Gold Book, an interesting and informapital -$200-a-week for up to 100 weeks, up to $20,000 tive booklet offered free by Bankers.

for any covered sickness or injury. It pays you in addition to benefits you collect from any other insurance Readers of Improvement Era can get a free copy of

you have, including group. the GOLD BOOK by mailing the postagefree airBut unlike ordinary insurance, this plan means you mail reply card next to this page. There is no cost or

no longer have to get sick or hurt to collect. If you stay obligation for this service.

32 Improvement Era we haven't the right to criticize. how it will be, leaving everything that reminds you of

There's just one thing, though, and I hope Mama. It hurts me, too. But it would hurt me more

you won't think I 'm too stubborn. Remember to have anything happen to you when you're so far

when you were little and used to sell from us.

Christmas cards and Little League stickers? We've finally heard from Doug, after another of

Dad and I always ended up buying some to help those long silences. The mail from South America

you out. is so unpredictable! He's fine and has baptized anWell, it may seem strange to say this, but other family. It makes me feel terrible to think that

I don't feel we should have the missionaries the one family in the whole world he wants most to

I won't even listen to the miscall on us right now. It wouldn't be honest, baptize is us—and

Doug. If we listened to the lessons, it sionary discussion. Well, I still may relent.

would only be to "help you out. "Do you see? Daddy, plan on making the change soon, won't

This doesn't mean that we don't have a you? Richard and I would take care of all the argreat deal of respect for your church and rangements. You could start listing the things that

its teachings. We've seen quite a bit of need to be done. We'll come up Sunday so that we

the Bakers lately, and they are wonderful can talk some more.

people. It's easy to see why Alan is such Our best love,

a fine boy. His little sister Tina and all Catherine

the other children are so proud of him!

Well, I'll have to finish this up now. Dear Randy,

Randy's having some of his friends over. I'm This little note is just to say I'm sorry I blew up

a little worried about him. There's one at you this afternoon. Forgive me for being such

boy he's seeing a lot of that I can't truth- a grouch. But I was disappointed in the kind of

fully say I care for—Bud somethingor- language you were using on the phone when you

other. talked to Bud. I don't think you have to lower

I think this is the last winter we'll let your standards just to be a part of the crowd.

Grandpa stay alone. He's grown so thin and Doug has always set a good example for you, and

fraillooking. Bless him, he seems to take I'd like you to set a good one for Laurie.

pride in your new calling. "My missionary Now would you do something for me? Laurie's

grandson,"he calls you. been feeling kind of blue lately, and Mrs. Baker

Well, take care, Doug. We love you and thought she might like to go to a special activity

miss you and pray that all goes well. at the church Friday night. Would you be a nice

big brother and take her over? Consider this a Bless you always,

hug and a kiss. I love you.

Mom Mom

May 16, 1967 November 21, 1967

Mr. Peter McFarland Elder Douglas Wyman

Bellingham, Washington Caixa Postal 862

Sao Paulo, Brazil Dear Daddy, I've just come in from working in the garden, and Dearest Doug,

I'm bushed! But it's beautiful now. The apple tree is'This is so hard to write, and I've waited

magnificent, like a great cornucopia of candied until I could tell you the whole story.

popcorn. Grandpa died last Friday night, and we had

We so enjoyed our visit home last week. The kids the funeral service today. How I wish you

always love it. But Richard and I both agree it's too could have been here.

much for you now. Are we selfish to want you to He'd had a pain in his chest, but hadn't

come and live with us? said anything. When I realized he was ill,

Anyway, you've promised to think it over, and I got him right to the doctor. He sent him

we'll do everything we can to make it easier. I know to the hospital immediately. That night

October 1969 33.

Organ virtuoso Virgil Fox rehearses for a concert on the Rodgers

Custom Touring Organ.

The Rodgers organ represents a skillful blending of spaceage technology with centuriesold musical tradition which has won the respect of the world's finest organists.

But..

Let's Face Tl Few of us live in mansions or worship in cathedrals.

J * alongIn choosingwith musicala churchcapability.organ, price must be considered

Rodgers introduces the new Specification 110, a radiantly musical and complete organ at an affordable price.

AllAGO console and pedalboard, separate Celestes on each manual, standard couplers, Flute chiff, and the renowned Rodgers ensemble are among the uncompromising features which distinguish the new Specification 110 from any comparably priced organ.

A proper instrument at a moderate price... a new and very

real innovation from Rodgers.

Write for full details.

- (JORGAN COMPANY 1300 N. E. 25th Avenue Hillsboro, Oregon 97123

he had a massive heart attack. P.S. Daddy talked to the bishop and we've

He was put on the heart monitor, under inarranged to carry your full support from tensive care, and your father and I spent now on. I think it would please Grandpa.

every minute with him that we could. It was

so strange and unreal. They wanted him to From the journal of

rest, so we spent most of our time in the Catherine Wyman corridor, watching the electrocardiogram and the little light that registered his January 1, 1968 heartbeat. Off and on, off and onsuch a

precarious link with life. A scoreboard, I I want to remember this New Year's Day—the

thought. Who's winning? Life or death? loneliness, without Doug and Daddy—but the

Finally they told us to go home and get snug and cozy way the rest of us have drawn tosome rest. Your father said, "Do you want gether. Always there is the apple tree outside,

to go in and see him for a minute?"measuring the seasons. We must prune it this

I thought he was asleep, because they'd spring. It's like a loved but neglected child in need

just given him a sedative. But he opened of a haircut.

his eyes for an instant. Then he whispered, Christmas was new all over again, when I

"Doug was right. thought it would be desolate. It was less frantic,

I could only nod. Then I kissed his foremore mellow... because of the Bakers. I'll rehead. It was so cool and damp. I said a member Christmas Eve at their place, a fire

little prayer, "Father, if he can't liveif dancing. How good Ron Baker's voice sounded

it be thy will—let him go quickly."And reading the beloved story from St. Luke in that

Doug, that's just how it was. Only a few rich baritone of his.

hours later the hospital called. Then Tina snuggling close to me. "Sister WyThe Reverend Wilson, who had been Grandman"—she always calls me that—"Sister Wyman,

pa's minister for so long, conducted the do you think we knew each other in the preservice. It was nice, I guess. He said existence?"

all the right things. But something was My head may have had an answer ready, but

missing. my heart spoke up first. "Oh, I'm sure we did!"

When your Grandmother McFarland died beStrange that it sounded so true.

fore you were born, I was content with the usual platitudes. But I was a happy young

bride then, with all my life ahead of me. I February 11, 1968

had your wonderful father. I didn't realize then how mortal we all are, how quickly Office of the Registrar

life speeds along. This time was differBrigham Young University

ent, somehow. I wanted Mr. Wilson to look Provo, Utah 84601

me in the eye and say, "Catherine, I know that your father lives and is with your Dear Sir:

mother, and that you will see them both My son is considering attending Brigham Young again."Instead he talked about what "we University this coming year. He has already taken

hoped"and "it must be so."his American College Tests and would like to have

Darling, I 'm sorry to burden you this way. the necessary application blanks to fill out. Also, we

I don't know what Grandpa meant when he said would appreciate information on housing, and a cata- "Doug was right."Did he mean right that log for the school year. Enclosed is my check for

you decided for yourself what to do? Or $2.00.

something more? Material should be mailed to: Randolph Wyman

God bless and keep you, Doug. Don't 633 12th Ave. East

grieve for Grandpa. He'd have hated being Seattle, Wash.

an invalid. Write soon. We love your

letters. Thank you so much.

All our love, Sincerely, Mom, Dad, Randy, and Laurie Catherine Wyman

October 1969 35

June 10, 1968 July 19, 1968 Elder Douglas Wyman Caixa Postal 862 Elder Alan Baker

Sao Paulo, Brazil North Argentine Mission

Casilla #17, Sucursal de Correo #9

Dearest Doug, Cordoba, Argentina

Your latest letter came today, and it was good to hear from you. You must be so Dear Alan,

thrilled to have finally baptized your How hard these past few weeks must have been landlady. She sounds almost as stubborn for you, not knowing for sure whether Tina would

as your mother. recover or not. Now that you've had the good

Well, Saturday night was commencement for news that she's out of danger, I wanted to write

Randy, and I wish you could have seen him in and tell you what a wonderful family you have, his cap and gown. He's grown so much! Dad and what an inspiration they've been to everyone.

took a few pictures, which he'll send later. As your mother probably told you, the accident

Now for the bad news. We thought it was happened shortly after Tina left our house. Thank

all settled that Randy was going to BYU, but goodness Randy was home! When we heard the

last week he announced that he had changed squeal of brakes, we both shot out of the house his mind. He said it was silly to go off in a panic. When Randy saw what had happened,

to "the sticks"when there was a good unisomehow he had the presence of mind to rememversity right here in Seattle. (I can reber his first aid training. The doctor said later

member when I said the same thing to you, to that he'd done exactly the right thing.

my everlasting shame. But we know that this isn't what saved Tina's

The thing is, the hippie element at the U life. It was the power of the priesthood, and the

is a little alarming right now, and though fasting and prayers of everyone who loved her.

I trust Randy, he's young. And now Bud Your family had the loveliest letter from your

Ellis (you remember his sidekick that mission president. He said that after the cabletroublesome junior year) has been after him gram arrived and you'd been called to the mission

to go to the U. They're even talking about home to be told the news, you took it with the

taking an apartment together in the unigreatest courage and faith.

versity district. Alan, we want you to know that every member

Your dad and I tried to find out what had of your family reacted in that same way. You

changed his mind. "A lot of things,"he would have been proud of them. I've never seen

said. such a demonstration of trust in the Lord and

"Like what?"Dad asked him. complete family unity. Its effect on all of us

And then came the shocker. "Well, going and on Randy in particular—can never be

to Mutual and everything has been okay, "he measured.

said, "but I never really feel a part of it. May the Lord bless you in your labors. All of

After all, you and Mom hardly ever go. And us can hardly wait until you and Doug are home

if the Church is so great, how come you don't again to stay.

join it?"Fondly,

That stopped us cold, and it really made Catherine Wyman me think. Dad would have had the missionaries over long ago if it hadn't been for

November 28, 1968 me. So I know what I have to do. Perhaps

there's something y ou could say to Randy. I Elder Douglas Wyman

don't know. But we still have Laurie to Caixa Postal 862

guide, and this time we want to do it right.

Sao Paulo, Brazil God bless you, darling. We're having family prayer every night now, with your welDoug boy,

fare always first in our hearts. I was cleaning out my desk this morning

Love from us all, and I found the funniest thing! It was a list

Mom, Dad, and children I made just after you left on your mission36 Improvement Era a list of things I was going to do while you were gone to make the time go faster. I had

planned to take up golf, refinish my mahogany chest, put all the family pictures in an albumand maybe even get a j ob!

And what am I doing instead? I'm singing

in the ward choir, quilting in Relief Society, going with your dad to a million different activities, and loving every minute of it.

I guess I'm almost as busy as Randy. His

letters from the Y are so happy. He loves Richard L. Evans

his classes and is always talking about his family home evenings. The "father"of the The Spoken Word

family of students is a young returned missionary! And even forgive ourselves

You know, looking back, there seems to be

I of us are aware at times of the fretfulness andsomething almost inevitable about the way a testimony grows. It makes me think of the frustrations of life—sometimes troubled, disapple tree. To look at it now, dark and i couraged, discontent, as we lose the peace, thetwisted against the sky, it seems without Asense of purpose, that are always so essential to an

life. But its roots are buried in the moist inner calm and quiet. And these frustrations are added

earth, and within it lies the secret of unto as we see days swiftly slip away, and see ourleaves and blossoms and ripe fruit. The seaselves running, going, coming, using up the hours,

sons change and the sap rises. Is there not doing all we should, and, in our efforts to catch

within each of us a remembrance of the gosup and to recover, wavering with excesses, with uppel, learned in another time and place, that swings and downswings; high in spirit at times, delies dormant until the seasons change? It pressed at others; so much undone and so much

seems it must be so. that is overdone. And so today, with some selfJust a few more weeks now and you'll be searching, we would plead for calm and quiet, for

patience, contemplation, and for reappraisal of ourhome. I'm going to miss those funny green

purpose, with faith in the limitless and everlastingand yellow striped airmail letters. But

possibilities of life. And, along with faith, we needif we're lucky, there may be many more missionary letters in years to come, for Randy repentance, understanding, charity, forgiveness, as

all of us come face to face with an appraisal of oursays he'd like to fill a mission too.

past, with the uses of\he present, and a turning to But now we're looking forward to Christthe values that will last the longest. And let us, pleasemas, when our returning missionary son can God, learn the uselessness of enmity—enmity toward

baptize his most stubborn converts. How evil, yes—but not enmity toward others who are sin- "golden"be out to turned that we I amglad

life. their trying to live find and Oh, way in

one worcerely thing!!! Just all aftercontacts

lives kindliwith live our concern and more may we ries me. Can you perform the ordinance in ness for loved ones, more compassion for other

English? We don't know any Portuguese! people, more honesty, more gentleness in judgment,

Your loving family, and even maybe more forgiving of ourselves, knowMom, Dad, Randy, and Laurie O ing that God lives, that life and loved ones are everlasting, that his law and power and purpose are over all—and thus find faith and peace, as we improve,

Argentine Sunset repent, forgiving others, keeping his commandments, living the laws of health, the laws of happiBy Barbara Clark ness, indeed the laws of life—so living that, gently

It's supjiosed to have a natural cause, and sincerely, we can even forgive ourselves.

A succinct, scientific explanation. *"The Spoken Word"from TemBut ivho thinks of science when time stands still ple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting

And watches the sun say goodnight to a nation? System August 10, 1969. Copyright 1969.

October 1969 37.

More Ride ForYour Money

-r.—l.!.'!.'I!'."-*.."""*.

Hottest Brand Going 1968 Continental Oil Company

More Ride For Your Money...Conoco...

means top quality products, service and value throughout the Rockies!

You get More Ride For Your Money... when you ride with the best... in everything from high performance gasolines and AllSeason Super motor oil, to the

latest in maps and Touraide travel information at your Conoco dealer's.

Add carefree enjoyment to your travels through America's scenic wonderland... and get MORE RIDE FOR YOUR MONEY... AT CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND

GOING! k

38 Improvement Era Indian Student Placement Some 4,000 Indian students from reservations and stake centers throughout the Church, where tribes throughout the United States and Canada they were checked by doctors, barbers, nurses, social recently met or returned to their foster parents workers, and others in preparation for their at the beginning of another school year. assignments to foster families. At the end

Hundreds of young, eager Indians of the school year the Indian students poured into selected will return home to their Indian parents for the summer.

Tabernacle Choir Performs in Toronto and Chicago Architect President

Our widely acclaimed ambassadors had been invited to participate in Dean L Gustavson of goodwill, the Tabernacle Choir, the Canadian National Exposition. They of the Cottonwood (Salt

recently returned from a tour to sang before an estimated twoday total Lake City) Second Ward

Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and Chicago, of 30,000 persons. They has been named

where they presented a total of three then flew to Chicago, where a concert president of the National concerts and won praises for themselves was presented at the American Council of and the Church. Two concerts Hospital Association's annual Architectural

were held in Toronto, where the Choir convention. Registration Boards.

October 1969 39 TheLDS Scene

World Conference on Records Termed 'Tremendous Success'

The world's first conference on records, sponsored presented to the Genealogical Society: the Certificate of

by the Genealogical Society of the Church, Appreciation of the American Society of Genealogists, was recently attended by about 5,000 persons. During "in recognition of outstanding service to

the fourday event, held in Salt Lake City, conference genealogy as a science"; a Distinguished Achievement

visitors from every state in the United States award for "valuable contributions to the state and from 45 nations attended nearly 200 classes and of the art of visual communications and records heard worldfamous authorities and experts preservation,"by AfgaGevaert, Inc.; Printing

lecture on matters pertaining to genealogy, Industries of American Graphics Award; and a personal

record keeping, and records preservation. Elder Theodore presentation by Dr. Labib Habachi, noted as the

M. Burton, vice president and general manager world's foremost Egyptologist, who presented

of the Genealogical Society, termed the conference an ancient handwoven tapestry of Cleopatra VII "a tremendous success."(5130 B.C.) to the Genealogical Society

Numerous awards of high standing were for its "incomparable efforts and successes in genealogy.

40 Improvement Era m %

AllChurch Golf Tournament In the recent annual allChurch golf championships,

Robert Andreason of Lakewood (California)

Second Ward won the senior division's first sudden death playoff. Junior championship winner

for the second year in a row was Jeff Ellis of Oak Harbor (Washington) Ward. Veteran division winner, also

for the second straight year, was Larry Summerhays of Mountain View (Salt Lake City) Second

Ward. The matches were held at Alpine and Wasatch

Mountain State Park golf clubs in Utah.

AllChurch Softball Championships

Champions of the annual allChurch softball tournament are: Senior fast pitch—Burbank (California)

Second Ward, which defeated Bountiful (Utah) 13th Ward, 3-2; senior slow pitch—Mesa Fourth Biennial ExplorerEnsign Conference

(Arizona) 22nd Ward over Westchester (California) Second More than 3,000 Latterday Saint Explorers and Ensigns

Ward, 20-9; junior fast pitch—Chula Vista from throughout the United States, Canada, and

(California) Ward over Canoga Park (California), 8-4; Mexico recently gathered at Brigham Young

junior slow pitch—Phoenix (Arizona) Tenth Ward University, Provo, Utah, for the Fourth Biennial Explorerover Westminster (California) Ward, 5-2. Ensign conference. During the sixday event, the

Sportsmanship honors went to the following: Senior fast young men engaged in athletic events and career

pitch—Lehi (Utah) Fourth Ward; senior exploration and challenged in contests of

slow pitch—Marietta (Georgia) Ward; junior fast cultural and mental skills. They also met in general

pitch—Canoga Park (California) Ward; junior slow pitch sessions and heard General Authorities, Mormon

Twin Falls (Idaho) Ward. Games were held at astronaut Don Lind, and Lt. Col. Bernard

Salt Lake City's George Q. Morris Park. Fisher, Medal of Honor winner.

October 1969 41 to send How money to missionaries without transfer cost

First Security Bank offers a special service for families or sponsors remitting funds to missionaries in the field. We provide either bank

drafts for foreign destinations or cashier's checks free of charge, regardless of the amount—and they are cashable anywhere.

Whether your missionary is in the United States or abroad you may safely send any amount required, and there are no delays because you send the bank draft or cashier's check yourself. Both are

readily available at any one of our banking offices. There is a

First Security Bank near you.

For safe, sure and low cost handling ofyour own money,

First Security provides:

BANK MONEY ORDERS—ideal for people who have an

occasional need to send money. They are redeemable anywhere,

completely safe and cost considerably less than postal money orders.

CHECKING ACCOUNTS—Choose either our REGULAR or

payas-yougo CHECKWAY plans. A generous supply of checks

comes with your name and address printed FREE with either account. Come in and see which is best for you.

First Security Banks Members Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 42 Improvement Era Its FairTimc!

It's fair time in some parts of the world... a

time when "all that's.good and all that's fair'

is plaeed on exhibition.

And not the least among the fair at any fair are youth whose "very memory is fair.""And

fair and twice as fair"because they are the best of their kind, they who grow soundly in mind and body and spirit and emerge at the brink of full adulthood, products of all that is indeed fair and godly in man.

In the phrase of poets, they are "wisely faire

V-'JMKtt. *—"N

and softe,""fair friend and never old,""wild and fair,""so lovely fair,""sae fresh and fair,""divinely fair,""so sweet pure fair,""young and so fair,""right and fair,""fair women and brave men."These fairhaired vouth move in a world made fairer by the labors of others and their own eyes behold it as a place most wonderful. In re

turn they want a "fair adventure of tomorrow"with a fair chance to give their fair shae ai "if it prove fair"that all may fare yet I jf

k

iil

!!>.'

mxMMBB&Bp*

*i&fc..

grandmother, and tenderly touch a little cheek as a soft goodnight is

said.

Hands can catch a fish, pull a little

By Lu Ann Gull, 15 girl's ponytail, or trail a stick along

Illustrated by Ginger Brown Grandma's picket fence.

God made hands to write a poem, paint a picture, fashion beautiful objects of art from wood and stone and metal, and play beautiful music.

God made hands to administer Little theyto thearesickbeingand tonamedhold babiesand blessed.whileTwo Hands God made hands to open doors,

especially doors of opportunity and love and service.

Hands turn the pages of the hymnbook, that we might sing praises to our God and offer prayers

Hands can do so much to make to him in sacred melody.

life pleasant and happy, but they The hands of the priesthood can also deal unjustly with another. bearers break the bread and pour

God never intended that we use the water when the sacrament of them to hurt our fellowmen. Hands our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ,

are one of the most useful and imis blessed. Hands of the deacons

portant creations of God. They bear these emblems of his suffering

carry out good or bad intentions and to us, that we might partake and perform many tasks. renew our covenants with him.

The bishop uses his hands mostly How grateful we should be for to shake hands with each person hands, especially for the hands of who comes into the chapel. His those who gave us the opportunity

hands make us feel welcome, loved, to come to this wonderful world in and secure. order to prove ourselves, who use

A carpenter's hands build houses their hands unceasingly and lovingly—providing shelter for families and for our benefit.

a living for his own. Think of the Savior's hands,

The hands of a bus driver or pilot pierced and bleeding for our sakes.

of a plane get people where they How can we let our hands do wrong want to go. against one who loves us so dearly

A little child's hands clap with that he allowed these terrible things glee when he sees Santa Claus or to happen to him, that we might when his mother comes to lift him live for all eternity in his presence?

from his crib in the morning.

Hands can soothe hurt feelings, These hands are shaped like God's push baby carriages, do the breakand so fast dishes, plump pillows for a sick Let them be careful what they do.

October 1969 47 The Girls

The Bo/s!

48 Era of Youth dependent. They want the boy

Editor's note: In the May 1969 Era of Youth, the boys talked about the girls. to be stronger than they are.

This month, seven girls from southern California give us their candid opinions They need this security.

about the boys. Panel members, ranging in age from 15 to 18, are Loretta

Jenneane: That's so true! ManyWallace, seamstress; Linda Brown, pianist; Ann Carol Peterson, dancer; Kirn

Bradshaw, cover girl tor Seventeen magazine; Peggy Howell, flute player; Jenneane times a girl will try to get her

Hale, member of the New Generation singing group; and Mary Lou Prince, organist. own way when she really

doesn't want it. She's just waitModerator: The boys are anxPeggy: A boy can show 7 his ing for the boy to make the

ious to hear from you, so now sensitivity by his actions and decision.

is your chance, girls! What do by the way he treats a girl. But Mary Lou: I don't like a boy

you like about the boys of to- a boy who cries in a movie is who can only talk about himday? something else! self, his car, or other girlfriends.

jenneane: I like sincere boys Loretta: I think boys can be Peggy: I don't like boys who

boys to whom I can really talk. emotional and still be mascujust say, "Well, what do you

They help me to understand line. want to do?"and let me make

things that girls can't, because Moderator: That brings up a all the decisions. I like boys

boys see things from a different good point. All boys can't be who treat me like a lady and

point of view. football players. How does this value my opinion, but they

Loretta: I agree. Most girls like quality of masculinity express should be able to take a firm

boys who are honest and unitself in a boy who doesn't play stand on things.

derstanding. football? Moderator: What about a boy's

Ann Carol: It's more enjoyable Linda: Every girl can't be a appearance? How do you feel

being with boys who aren't homecoming queen or a cheerabout sideburns, mustaches, concerned with the big roleader, but some boys think and hair length?

mance, but who just like to go that's the greatest thing. As Linda: I like sideburns and

out and have fun. long as a boy finds some talent mustaches, but a boy's hair

Kim: Right! If a boy has a good and works to develop it, he ought to be neat.

sense of humor and makes a doesn't need to be a football Loretta: I don't like boys with

lively evening, then you enjoy player. long hair, especially when it's

being with him. Linda: If a boy is interested in not clean. But I agree with

Mary Lou: Boys who aren't shy something and becomes inLinda—sideburns and musand who handle themselves volved in it and is willing to put taches are great if they look

well around my parents usuhimself out for it, he can show neat.

ally impress me... and my his strength that way. Ann Carol: A boy should alparents! Ann Carol: I think that a boy ways look neat and cleanPeggy: I like boys who aren't seems more masculine and shaven. Some boys look fantasshy, too, and who try to have makes a girl feel more feminine tic in sideburns, but a Beta cut

fun. Even if they're like me when he opens the door for her is best.

and can't do the new dances or helps her on with her coat Moderator: What kinds of

very well, they'll still try. uses good manners. things do you like to do on a

Linda: I like boys who are Peggy: I think a boy seems more date if the boy has no money?

sensitive. masculine when he honors the Jenneane: Little things can be

Moderator: How do you like a priesthood that he bears. Then more fun than the big things.

boy to express his sensitivity? I can look up to him and deIt's fun just to go driving or

Kim: Just by being honest and pend on him. for walks.

natural. Ann Carol: Most girls like to be Linda: Little things mean more

October 1969 49 i. sometimes because that's when raised. I want to be married in

you can talk and get to know the temple, and I admire a boy the person. But if all you do is who decides what he believes is

go for walks, you might feel right and then sticks to it, no

SO)that the boy's money is more matter what.

important to him than taking Mary Lou: I admire the boy

you somewhere. who honors the priesthood

Jenneane: The important thing and will stand up for it, even

is to do a lot of different things. when those outside the Church

Linda: And to do things with are trying to cut him down for

other people, too. honoring it.

Moderator: What about going Moderator: Why is the priestto the "adult"or "restricted"hood so important to you as

movies? girls? What difference does

Mary Lou: I think a boy should this make to you now as well

read up and find out what the as when you are married?

show is going to be like first Loretta: I like the security of

and not take a girl to a show knowing that there's someonethat would embarrass her. in the family with the power m

Kim: I'd feel so embarrassed if to administer to the sick if

I were at one of those "rethere is a need.

stricted"movies and my date Jenneane: I agree. Boys can be

and I were shrinking in our sure of themselves in ways that seats. girls don't have the power to

Moderator: What will you girls be. We need the strength of

be looking for in a husband? Is the priesthood in making deit important that he live up to cisions.

gospel principles and be a memModerator: Would you all like I0i

ber of the Church? to leave one last word of advice /

Ann Carol: I'll want a husband for the boys to help them get

who will make the Church an along better with girls?

important part of his life but Linda: Be yourself.

not more important than his Peggy: Think of others and be

family. understanding.

Linda: The Church is so imAnn Carol: Just have fun and

portant to me. I would like to try not to be selfconscious.

see a boy who is very strong Kim: Don't act petty or small

and masculine praying to his about things.

Heavenly Father, because it Jenneane: Be honest. Z

shows his humility. It shows Mary Lou: And sincere.

that he realizes there is someLoretta: Be honest and underone much greater than himself. standing with yourself and with

Jenneane: I think each of us others around you, and work

wants to marry a boy who betoward your profession.

lieves in the Church, because Linda: Care about somebody

that's the way we've been more than yourself.

Delighting intheScriplures By Elaine Cannon Illustrated by Ginger Brown There are those who are skilled in the scripWhat About Success?tures. They can recite them at the drop of an

opportunity. They use them with facility and "Cease to be idle; cease to be unclean; cease

quote them at great length. They may be wise to find fault with one another; cease to sleep

in the application of the word of God as well as longer than is needful; retire to thy bed early,

in knowing chapter and verse. that ye may not be weary; arise early, that your

Most of us need help in finding which princibodies and minds may be invigorated."(D&C

ples of our Heavenly Father relate to certain 88:124.)

situations. We can't readily turn to the counsel Sounds as if it were written especially for

that gives us the direction or the answer to our teenagers! But when you follow that counsel

needs. We'd be glad to obey his commandment and heed this promise, your measure of success

or heed his word when we stand at a crossroad is assured: "... if you do keep his commandif we could only recall what the Lord has said ments he doth bless you and prosper you."

in such matters. Too often w?e "lean on the arm. (Mosiah 2:22.)

of flesh"instead of the word of God.

Believing as we do in a loving, caring God whose wisdom far outshines our own, let's consider some of his advice to us in key areas of our lives.

What About Endurance?

What About Directions? "But blessed are they who are faithful and

"If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of endure, whether in life or in death, for they shall

God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upinherit eternal life."(D&C 50:5.)

braideth not; and it shall be given him."You can put up with the fear or unpleasant-

(James 1:5.) ness of a stint in the armed services; you can

If there is some wisdom you lack, a point of withstand agonizing temptation; you can be

decision in your life, a question in your mind, patient in waiting, if you let your mind and some direction you need, where better can you heart dwell upon the ultimate joy of eternal life.

go for help than (as the scriptures suggest) to That means dwelling in the presence of Heavenly

God? He has the answers. His will is for your Father, who is perfect in love and kindness and

benefit. forgiveness and understanding.

LetterA from a Son The attached letter from PFC (now Corporal) William and I might lose my left foot. Well, that's the

George Hardy to his parents was referred to us from truth about what I did lose.

the office of President David O. McKay. With it was a Today I head for Guam, which is very unletter from Bishop Robert S. Wilkinson of El Cajon usual, because men who aren't hit half as bad

Ward, San Diego Stake, to President McKay, explaining as I was usually stay here four or five days. The

that Elder Hardy had voluntarily deferred a longplanned doctor said my operation went so smooth that it mission to. accept induction into military service, and

that in the Marine Corps he had been highly successful was just short of a miracle and that my instant in combining service to his country with service to his comeback was greater than that—nobody here

Heavenly Father. The editors are proud to share with can believe it. An LDS boy helped me get ready;

readers of the Era of Youth the lofty spirit of patriotism, he's an elder—it was a real comfort having him

courage, and faith of this representative young hero. near. A colonel took pictures of me and my

Bill's father, Warren G. Hardy, is in the bishopric of Purple Heart medal which he presented. They

El Cajon Ward; one brother currently serves in the Norwegian Mission, and another brother has been honorably were taken not much more than 20 hours after

discharged after service in the Marine Corps. I got hit.

Mom, I don't want you to cry about or feel 16 June 1969 sorry that I came into the Corps now just because

Hi, of this. I feel fine, and losing my leg doesn't

By the time you get this letter I'll be in Guam bother me one bit (once in awhile I have some

Hospital and you'll know why. I want to tell you pain, but not much). I feel deeply honored to

how it happened. My squad was traveling wear the nation's oldest decoration.

through paddies and some hamlets. We had Two more colonels and a first lieutenant came

7. You know what?—I got a Bronze just come through a tree line when we came in just now

under small arms fire. I started to run down a Star with Combat V and also lance corporal. I

path that all but five in the squad had traveled feel deeply honored to be able to receive this on. Then it happened. I set off a commandrecognition; this is a big day in my life.

detonated 105 MM round. I know that you are pleased with my actions.

In about 20 minutes I was medivaced to Da I feel I've done my best for my country, and I

Nang. I was immediately operated on along wouldn't trade places with anybody for anywith four other Marines who got hit by schrapthing in the w7orld. I'm leaving here in a few

nel. When I got here I asked a commander minutes. I'll write when I get to Guam.

about the exact extent of my wounds. He said Your loving son,

I would lose my right leg just above the knee. Bill

52 Era of Youth The Era of Youth Honors Kristan Clair Sparte It was a proud night for Kristan Sparks and for many others when this 15year-old Mormon Eagle Scout Explorer from Ammon (Idaho) Second Ward stood in the spotlight before 50,000 Scouts and Scouters at the Seventh National Boy Scout Jamboree at

Farragut, Idaho, and was honored for his heroism. Boyhood,

manhood, and humanity all rose a notch on the scale of virtue, and so did Kristan 's family, church, and country. He was the

only person so honored at the Jamboree.

In June 1967, Kristan (then 13) and another boy, James

Black, were helping Kristan's uncle, Bryle G. Walker, in insect

control work in the Targhee National Forest, when Mr. Walker

was attacked by a grizzly bear and severely bitten and clawed.

When they heard his cries the two boys, without thought of their own safety, drew the bear's attention to them. Kristan, presenting himself as a target for the ferocious animal, was attacked

and his arm terribly torn. The bear then turned to James, whom

he also injured severely before leaving the three.

In intense pain, Kristan ran more than two miles through the forest to get help, returning with a rescue team to find his seriously injured companions still alive. More than 300 stitches

were required to repair the wounds of Bryle Walker, and all three were hospitalized for a lengthy period.

For his selfless courage, Kristan was awarded the coveted

Carnegie Hero Bronze Medal and a check for $500.00, and his

brave act was selected from among many others to be honored at the National Boy Scout Jamboree.

Very active in his ward, priesthood quorum, and Explorer post, Kristan Sparks is a worthy example of the truth that in each of God's children are the resources to meet crisis and difficulty with courage, if we will develop and express them. O

October 1969 53 It's contest time! Wish we could share the warm responses

that winners of the 1969 Youth Writing Contest have sent us.

They're that glad they entered. And won.

Winning is a real possibility. But you have to enter first.

Smart young writers remember that it's a youth writing contest sponsored by the Era of Youth, a magazine for young readers.

So judging is on the basis of good writing and appropriateness for this particular publication. Read back issues for ideas. Then

put your own thoughts down on paper in story form (keep it around 500-1,000 words) or poetry or in a howto-dosomething Oct up style. But do enter. You'll be glad you did.

Contest Rules

of Hawaii College Church for the 1. a eligible to anyone Contest who is is open itand at for scholarships but compete 25. in high school may senior or under

2. Winner must be in a position to acscholarships to either Brigham Young

It's fallcept ofthe1970.college3. A scholarshippen name mustfor thebe lege,UniversityRexburg,at Provo,Idaho.)Utah,6. Youror Ricksentry canCol-

used on each entry. 4. Each entry must not be returned. 7. You may submit as

have a sealed envelope attached with many entries as you like, but each must the author's real name, pen name, age, have its own envelope of information address, and photograph included. Also (see rule 3). 8. DEADLINE: Entries Contest include a statement that this is your must be mailed to the Era of Youth

own original work. 5. Specify which Writing Contest, 79 South State Street,

college contest you want to compete Salt Lake City, Utah 84111, postmarked in. (Continental U.S. residents are not by midnight December 31, 1969. Time!

54 Era of Youth it Should we cover or cover it up?

F

"If broadcasting would only stop showing all that bad news, maybe we wouldn't have so much of it". Sound Familiar? Think of the questions it raises:

If Broadcast News disregard slums in the city, should it also disregard United

States Rocketry? Drug Abuse? Political activities? Crime? Successful rescue attempts?

Who will be the censor to tell us what news should be covered and what news should be covered up? Would covering up a bad situation remove it? Or make it worse?

The answers are found in our tradition of a free press guaranteed by the First

Amendment to the Constitution. It recognizes that you have the right to know—the

bad as well as the good.

Only a public that knows the facts can make wise decisions. That's why KSL has

the largest, most experienced, and professional news team in Western America... to

keep you informed.

... KSL THE FIRST WORD IN NEWS!

KSLAM Radio KSL Television KSLFM

For constant coverage of Watch the Channel STEREO 100 [J the news 24 hours a day Eyewitness News in color News on the hour

DIAL 1160 at 6:00 & 10:00 P.M. 24 hours every day

October 1969 55 "C

The Presiding Bishop * /-"'-t"* j Talks to Youth About: Ax"

>-,->.

THEIR

By Bishop John H. VandenbergBISHOP

Clement of Alexandria recorded an apocryphal story that was "handed down and preserved in memory."It concerns an incident

involving the apostle John. During

one of his missionary journeys,

John met a young man in whom he took personal interest. After

having spent some time in that area, John departed, leaving with the leaders involved a charge to watch over this young man.

Not long afterward, John was recalled to the city. Upon his arrival he inquired about his young

friend. He was told the young man

was dead. "How and by what

death?"John demanded.

The answer came: "He is dead

to God! For he has turned out

wicked and desperate, and to sum up all, a brigand; and now, instead of the Church he has seized

the mountain, with followers like himself."John then asked for a horse.

"Instantly... he rode away...

from the Church and arriving at

the brigands'outposts, was capChurch, and the men who are the youth of his ward. Sustaining

tured without fight or resistance, called as bishops are special men. your bishop is not only a sacred

but crying, 'For this I have come. They are men whom the Lord has obligation; it is also an opportunLead me to your chief.'The chief called through his appointed serity. In the Book of Mormon we

awaited him in his armor, but when vants. And while they may have read of Lehi's request to his sons

he recognized John as he apdaily occupations as plumbers, to return to Jerusalem to obtain proached, he was struck with farmers, teachers, or doctors, they the plates from Laban. Speaking to

shame and turned to fly [flight]. are men called of God. his son Nephi, Lehi said:

But John pursued him as fast as Paul outlined the characteristics "Wherefore, the Lord hath comhe could, forgetful of his age, cryof a bishop. He wrote: manded me that thou and thy

ing out, 'Why my son, dost thou "A bishop then must be blamebrothers should go unto the house fly [flee] from thine own father, less,... vigilant, sober, of good of Laban, and seek the records,

unarmed, aged as he is? Pity me, behaviour, given to hospitality, apt and bring them down hither into

... fear not... stay! believe! to teach; the wilderness.

Christ sent me.'But he on hearing "Not given to wine, no striker, "And now, behold thy brothers

these words first stood with downnot greedy of filthy lucre; but pamurmur, saying it is a hard thing

cast gaze, then flung away his tient, not a brawler, not covetous; which I have required of them; but

arms, then trembling, began to "One that ruleth well his own behold I have not required it of weep bitterly, and embraced the house, having his children in subthem, but it is a commandment of old man when he came up to him, jection with all gravity; the Lord.

pleading with his groans,... but "(For if a man know not how to "Therefore go, my son, and

the apostle pledging himself... rule his own house, how shall he thou shalt be favored of the Lord,

led him back to the Church and take care of the church of God?) because thou hast not murmured.

praying for him... and wrestling "Not a novice, lest being lifted "And it came to pass that I,

with him in earnest fastings... up with pride he fall into the conNephi, said unto my father: I will

did not depart, as they say, till he demnation of the devil. go and do the things which the

restored him to the bosom of the "Moreover he must have a good Lord hath commanded, for I know

Church."(St. Clement of Alexreport of them which are without; that the Lord giveth no commandandria, Quis Divinitus Salv., lest he fall into reproach and the ments unto the children of men,

Chapter 42.) snare of the devil."(1 Tim. 3:2-7.) save he shall prepare a way for

This is a moving illustration of Bishops today also should be them that they may accomplish the concern for the youth of blameless, vigilant, sober, of good the thing which he commandeth the Church that existed even in the behavior, given to hospitality, apt them.

time of the early apostles. In the to teach, and patient. They are "And it came to pass that when

Church today, the concern for the men who can be approached with my father had heard these words youth is just as personal and just personal problems or questions; he was exceeding glad, for he

as intense. Concerning this interthey are men of inspiration and knew that I had been blessed of

est, the calling of bishop has spe wisdom. They are dedicated men. the Lord."(1 Ne. 3:4-8.)

cial significance. He is president They spend many, many hours a The young man or woman who

of the Aaronic Priesthood and, as week devoted totally to their callis obedient, without murmuring, such, has a special charge and ing. A bishop is the spiritual to the counsel of his or her bishop

concern for both the young men father of the ward, charged with will, like Nephi, reap the blessings and the young women of the ward. the care of the needy, responsible promised those who follow the

The youth of the Church have for the finances of the ward, and counsel of the Lord's appointed the responsibility of staying close common judge among his people. servants. The bishop of your ward

to their bishop, heeding his counHis calling is most important and is interested in your welfare; he

sel, and honoring his leadership. most sacred. is concerned about you. Listen to

The calling of bishop is a very To function effectively, a bishop his counsel and you will find him important and sacred calling in the needs the loyalty and confidence of to truly be a man called of God. O

October 1969 57 Advertisement SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT TO READERS OF 'H0 ImprOVeifieilt ErCI

NonGroup Enrollment Now Open For folks who don't drink - you can receive as much as $10,000.00 extra tax free cash

Act now -your Enrollment Form must be mailed by

Midnight Saturday, October 25, 1969, or it cannot be accepted

If you say, "No thank you!"to alcoholic PAYS you up to $10,000.00 CASH for each NOTE: The regular Monthly Premium

beverages, then here is good news for you. accident or illness, starting with your very shown here (for your age at time of

That's right...if you don't drink you can first day in the hospital, at the rate of enrollment) is the same low premium you

now enrollar a very substantial reduction $100.00 a week....IN ADDITION to other will continue to pay. It will not

in premium-'m the Community Extra insurance or Medicare. automatically increase when you or your

Income Health and Accident Plan which spouse reach 65.

provides $100.00-a-week tax free income PAYS you up to $7,500.00 CASH for your

for you, plus special benefits for your spouse (if insured) for each accident or family. Your benefits start the very first day illness, starting with the very first day in the

you enter the hospital. hospital, at the rate of $75.00 a week,

Regardless of your age, your occupation or PAYS you up to $5,000.00 CASH for your

the size of your family, your first month's eligible dependent children (if insured) for YOUR QUESTIONS ANSWERED coverage costs only $1. and your benefits each accident or illnessincluding the

start immediately! common childhood diseasesstarting with Q. What do I need to do to qualify?

the very first day in the hospital, at the rate A. Just complete and mail your Enrollment

Your Protection Plus Agency of Salt Lake of $5 0.00 a week. Form before the Deadline Date. It's that

City has been able to make special easy!

arrangements with Community Life THE EXTRA INCOME PLAN PAYS

Insurance Company to issue their famous YOU THESE "NO AGE LIMIT"Q. What is the Extra Income Health &

Extra Income Health & Accident Plan to TAXFREE CASH BENEFITS Accident Plan?

Total Abstainers with a ten perPAYS in addition to all other coverage you A. It's a low cost hospital income plan. in premiums!cen/--10%reduction

have, including Medicare. Q. What is my discount?

drink that people who don't knowWe are PAYS all cash direct to you....not to the A. Your discount is ten percent (10%). "risks"have better fewer they

accidents....they go into the hospital less doctor or hospital. Q. What must I do to get my discount?

often. should to pay you have...so why

as the person premium?.. full PAYS and pays and pays! There is no limit A.alcoholicYou mustbeverages,be a andtotalyouabstainermust enrollfrom.Or pay as much

accident because he to automobile has an the number of times you may use your during the nongroup enrollment period.who

plan. drunk?...Well while thanks now, was driving

to Protection Plus and Community Life, Q. Why do I need this extra protection if I

you don't have to! If you don't drink, and REMEMBER....NO age limit....NO medical already have insurance?

you enroll during this special nongroup examination required....NO salesman will A. In the face of soaring hospital costs,

enrollment period, you will save 10% on call....NO "investigations."your present insurance is probably

your premiums. Not just for a week, or a inadquate. In addition you will still need

month, or a year, but for the full lifetime of cash at your fingertips for those hidden your policy! This alone means extra dollars MONTHLY PREMIUMS AFTER "extras"that always appear when injury or

in your pocket over what you would have to FIRST MONTH'S PREMIUM sickness strikes.

pay elsewhere. PLUS....

A. UNDER AGE 65 Q. When do my hospital benefits begin?

You and your entire family get your first FULL FAMILY PLAN A. On the very first day you go to the

month for only $1. (Husband, Wife & Child or Children) 8.95 hospital.

ONE PARENT PLAN Q. How much will it pay me when I am

To encourage you to enroll during the open (One Parent and Child or Children 7.15 hospitalized?

enrollment period, to encourage you to put A. $100.00 a week up to as many as 100

this needed protection in force, and to HUSBANDWIFE PLAN 7.15 weeks for any one injury or sickness. Plus,

enable you to review your own policy, in for your spouse, $75.00 weekly up to as

your own home with your own trusted INDIVIDUAL PLAN 4.05 many as 100 weeks for any one injury or

advisoryour accountant, your lawyer, your sickness.

pastor or even your insurance man, who has B. AGE 65 or OVER

your best interests at heart even though he Q. Will this Plan pay in addition to my

represents another insurance companywe If Principal Insured is 65 or over on other insurance?

give you your first month's protection for effective date, add $2.70 to above A. Absolutely! We payin TAXFREE

only $1, with a full, unconditional, applicable premium. If both husband and CASHwhether you are insured in a group,

moneyback guarantee! But you must act wife are 65 or over, add $4.90 to above individually, or even under Medicare,

now, because this unusual opportunity is for applicable rate. Actually, our Plan goes handin-hand with

a limited timeonly during the special Medicare. We'll pay even if you are covered

nongroup enrollment period. by Workmen's Compensation!

58 Improvement Era.

Now... for people of all ages and families of all sizes

$100.00-A-Week when you are hospitalized choose the

$ 75.00-A-Week when your spouse is hospitalized plan below that

$ 50.00-A-Week when your children are hospitalized suits you best

Only $1 enrolls your entire family for the first month

Q. Can I enroll even if I am 65 or over? commissions or charge special membership Q. Is anything excluded from coverage?

A. Certainly. Everyone is welcomeat any fees. All these savings come back to you in A. Just these few reasonable exceptions:

age, providing you have not been refused the form of low, low rates! War, mental disorders, pregnancy.

any hospital, health or life insurance.

Q. Can I cancel my policy? Q. What about an illness I may have had

Q. What benefits do my eligible, dependent A. Of course you can! before my enrollment and which may come

children get? back?

A. If you choose a Family Plan, your Q. Will you cancel my policy if I have too A. After your policy has been in force for

dependent, eligible children, ages 3 months many claims? just 24 months you will be fully covered for

to 19 years, would receive 50% of all the cash A. No. We guarantee never to cancel your such illness. This is another quality feature

benefits of the basic Plan and 100% of all its policy because of too many claims, or of this unique Plan.

other benefits and features. because of advanced age. We also guarantee

that we will never refuse to renew your Q. Who's covered by this special $1.00

policy unless the premium has not been paid rate?

Q. May I add future dependent children to before the end of the grace period or unless A. You and all eligible family members.

my policy after it is in force? renewal has been declined on all policies of

A. Yes, indeed, if you have the Family this type in your entire state. Q. Is it really important that I join now?

Plan. Just notify us and they will be added A. Yes, it's very important because accident

without evidence of insurability and Q. Will my rates be raised because I grow or sickness strikes without warningand you

without any additional charge. older? will not be covered until your Policy is in

A. Never. Regardless of how long you keep force. Remember, you absolutely must

Q. How can you offer so many benefits for your policy or how old you grow, your rate enroll by the deadline datebut it's better to

so little premium? will still be based on your age when you enroll right away, for the sooner you apply

A. When we enroll a large number of people were first issued your policy. We guarantee the sooner we will cover you. You have

at the same time, our processing and never to adjust this rate unless we adjust nothing to lose if you change your mind.

administrative costs are much less. We deal rates on all policies of this type in your Return your policy within 15 days for a

directly with you. We don't pay salesmen's entire state. prompt refund of your money.

TO QUALIFY DURING THIS NONGROUP ENROLLMENT PERIOD,

YOU MUST MAIL YOUR COMPLETED APPLICATION BEFORE MIDNIGHT SATURDAY, OCT. 25, 1969

SEND IT TO: PROTECTION PLUS AGENCY, 150 East Seventh South Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

BE SURE TO ENCLOSE $1 WITH YOUR ENROLLMENT FORM

APPLICATION TO COMMUNITY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, PORTLAND, ME.

For The Extra Income Health & Accident PlanCH 36-A

NAME (Please Print)

ADDRESS

CITY STATE ZIP

OCCUPATION.DATE OF BIRTH AGE.

I also hereby apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below(DO NOT INCLUDE NAME THAT APPEARS ABOVE)

NAME (Please Print) RELATIONSHIP SEX DATE OF BIRTH AGE

Neither I nor any person listed above uses alcoholic beverages; nor has been refused any health, hospital, or life insurance. I hereby apply

for the Extra Income Health & Accident Plan. I understand that I, and any person listed above, will be covered under this Policy for any

injury or sickness I (we) had before the Effective Date of the Policy after it has been if force for a continuous period of 2 years, but not before; and that this Policy shall not be in force until the Effective Date shown in the Policy Schedule. I am enclosing $1.00 for the first

month's coverage. If, for any reason, I am not completely satisfied with this new protection-1 may return my Policy within fifteen (15)

days for cancelling and my payment will be promptly refunded.

DATE X SIGNATURE

Be sure to Enclose $1 with your Enrollment Form

October 1969 59 CwJ,

Today's Family

The Season's Most Treasured Soup'sOn Gift By Eleanor Knowles

Editorial Associate

A favorite memory of childhood is of coming home on a chilly day to a lunch or supper of hearty homemade soup served with slices of bread still warm from the oven.

No matter where you live—northern or southern hemisphere, east or west—soup can provide the basis for nourishing and delicious meals.

In Grandmother's day, preparing soup often meant long hours spent over a hot stove, cooking the stock and then adding vegetables, barley, and other ingredients, and letting them simmer until a thick mealin-a-dish resulted.

Today, thanks to economical and tasty frozen, dried, and canned products, it is possible to prepare soup in a matter it turn out every bit as good as of minutes—and have

Grandmother's.

Soup is a versatile dish. It can be a main course or an

appetizer. It's good hot on a cold day or cold on a warm

of line, cut and design, elegance Pure this day. It can be made with meat, poultry, fish, vegetables,

tradiis beautifully Dress Session Special tional with lace yoke and cuffs. Expressly pasta products, even fruits. It may be thick and creamy

created for both slender and full figures. or light and clear. Here are some favorite recipes for using

free. flowing belted or newly Wear Ad- "ingredients from scratch,"including basic soup stock,

.. zipper back. hidden lace collar justable

... slash pockets. 100% Nylon tricot and and for quick soups from products on the pantry shelf.

lace. P,S,M,L,XL. No. SSD-E.

Matching Slip. 30

$22.00 to 38. *6245. $10.00 Beef Stock

4 pounds beef, cubed 6 sprigs parsley 4 tablespoons butter or margarine 2 mediumsize onions, diced cloves whole pounds marrow bone 4 iy2 Local Your See 1 > bay leaf 3 quarts water Consultant Le Voy's or 1 tablespoon salt 3 carrots, pared and cut up

Mall Check or M.0. 3 stalks celery with tops Brown beef cubes in butter or margarine

Postpaid In U.S.A. J*W

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

60 Improvement Era in deep kettle. Add marrow bone and 1 bouillon cube quart boiling water, consomme or

water; cover. Bring to boiling and boil 1 bay leaf beef stock

5 minutes. Skim top of liquid. Reduce 6 whole fresh tomatoes, peeled and sprig parsley

heat and simmer 1 hour, skimming top quartered bay leaf occasionally. Add remaining ingredients. teaspoon thyme

Cover; simmer and to taste pepper in 2 hours longer. Strain, Brown slowly beef fat in hot heavy Salt

chill.cool, and cup or spaghetti elbow macaroni onions kettle. Add and minutes. cook 5 y2

Loosen meat from bottom of kettle.

vegetables in oil or remaining ingredients, butter 15 toSaute exceptGroundBeef Soup Add minutes. Add remaining ingredients, bring matoes; to boil. Cover and

boil and 5 minutes. reduce Then heat minutes. simmer 20 tomatoes, Add and

1 ground pound beef simmer Sprinkle 30 minutes. longer. simmer each 10 minutes Makes 6 and

1 cup chopped onions serving generously with servings. grated Parme-

4 cups hot water san cheese. Serves 3 or 4.

1 cup diced carrot 1 cup diced potato American Minestrone *Any combination of tomatoes, celery, car- 1 cup diced celery rots, onions, turnips, cabbage, peas, green 2 tablespoons salt 2 tablespoons olive oil or butter peppers, potatoes, zucchini, leeks, green y2 teaspoon pepper iy2 cups thinly sliced vegetables* beans may be used.

It's U and I... grown nearby!

October 1969 61 life are real.The best things in

The real things in life just can't be beaten. After Because you no longerhavetodissolve the yeast,

all, what could be better than the real cakes you bake worry about water temperature or heat the bowl.

from scratch? Nothing. Now you just blend Fleischmann's Yeast with

But it does take longer at a time when life's a lot your other dry ingredients, mix—and bake one of the

more hurried than it used'to be. best things in life. A light, tasty cake. The real thing.

That's why Fleischmann's developed the new For 70 real thing recipes, including the Babka

Rapidmix method. It makes baking the real thing below, send 250 for "Fleischmann's New Treasury of

quicker and easier than ever before. Yeast Baking", Box 61E, Mt. Vernon, N.Y. 10559.

Ik, 1 '1Kb

flMSchmawft

** 4jr /!PSS* Veast 1/4 0Z NtTWT LDS BOOKS AND RECORDS Chicken Broth 20% SAVINGS 20% OR MORE, CASH SAVINGS ON OVER 500 SELECTIONS 1 stewing chicken (4-6 pounds) No minimum purchase Your choice of items 2 mediumsize onions, diced celery with stalks tops 3 more, or of records at books and to obtain all LDS on how 20% 80% 1 carrot, pared and diced order. included be they will purchases you your with request: when sent upon parsley FREE cashCatalogsavingsand details tablespoons 2 chopped

1 teaspoon salt 1 leaf bay HIDDEN WEDGES PROPHECIES PROPH- & OF PERBOOK MORMON or Spencer teaspoon W. Kimball peppercorns pepper 6 Vi ETIC OF PROMISES SONALITIES THE

(reg. $1.25) $1.00 Joseph Lundstrom COVEDOCTRINE AND

in thoroughly. chicken a large PutWash

(reg. $3.95) $3.16 NANTS FAMILY STORAGE PLAN kettle, with water. Bring to cover and

Roy Doxey W. Zabriskie Bob R. boiling; heat, skim. reduce and Add DOCTRINE MORMON

$4.95) $3.96 freg. $1.50) $1.20 (Reg. ingredients. simremaining Cover, R. and Bruce McConkie

is to or until chicken hours 2mer (reg. iy2 $6.95) OUT OF THE $5.56 BEST ZIOM LAST IN THE DAYS

chicken,tender. cut and Remove meat VOL. 5 BOOKS Doxie Roy SALVADOCTRINES OF in callrecipes to bones, usedfrom be Clark (reg. & Thomas S1.50) $1.20 (Vols. 1, TION for ing broth; Strain chicken. 3) 2, & cooked (reg. $3.25) $2.60 Fielding Joseph Smith chill. fat cool top. from and Remove ON GETTING THINGS

Serve hot as broth or use as a base DONE DISCOURSES OF WILFORD (reg. $3.75) each $3.00

for soups, sauces, and gravies. Roy L. White WOODRUFF (reg. $11.25) Set $9.00

$3.25) G. Homer Durham $2.60 FIRST 2,000 YEARSFrench Onion Soup (reg. (reg. $3.95) $3.16 W. Cleon Skousen LIVE EVERLASTING

6 mediumsize onions, sliced Duane S. Crowther COMPREHENSIVE HIS- (reg. $3.95) $3.16

(reg. $4.50) butter or margarine 2 tablespoons $3.60 TORY OF THE CHURCH THIRD THOUSAND YEARS beef broth cups (Vols. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5,6y2 W. 6, & Cleon Skousen BOOK OF MORMON salt teaspoon index) (reg. y2 $5.95) $4.76 COMPENDIUM toastMelba rounds B. H. Roberts B. Sidney SperryGrated cheese Parmesan FOURTH THOUSAND (reg $4.50) vol. each $3.60 (reg. $6.95) $5.56 YEARS (reg 00) $27 VOlS. 6 $21.60 in in butter or margarine onionsSaute W. Cleon Skousen (reg. oo) $3 index $2.40 CHILDREN'S until large lightly BOOKS browned. saucepan (reg. $6.95) $5.56

broth; beef cover cook to and 15Add

INTRODUCTORY until tender. are or minutes20 onions TEEN AGE BOOKS L.D.S. BABY BOOKS salt. boilbring to serve,Add soup To OFFER White, Blue or Pinking; ladle into or cups. bowls soup Top

or more 25% (reg. $4.50) $3.60 toast witheach and melba Parmesan LIFE LOVE ABOUT AND cash savingscheese. 8 servings. Makes Belnap Griffin & CHILD'S STORY OF THE BEGINNINGS (reg. $3.50) $2.80 (vols. OF BOOK MORMON Carol Lynn Pearson VegetableQuick Soup

1, 2, 3, 4) & ACCORDING TO YOUR (reg. $2.50) $1.88 Deta P. NeeleyDilute bouillon or can one 10V2ounce FAITH

(reg. $2.25) FASCINATING each WOMAN- $1.80 can. as directed on Petersen Marrconsomme Emma Add l/2

(reg. $9.00) set vegetables, frozen $7.20 mixed HOODpackage (reg. $2.25) $1.80

can mixed or onecooked, lOVounce vegetables, 2 tablespoons minced parsPIONEER & INDIAN (reg. $5.95) Helen B. Andelin$4.46 THOUGHTS FOR LDS

ley, and 1 tablespoon butter. Cover STORIES YOUTH

Lucy Parr ART OF HOMEMAKING Elizabeth Schoenfeld are until vegetables slowly cookand

Daryl V. (reg. $2.50) $2.00 Hoole (reg. $2.00) through.heated $1.60) Makes 4 servings.

(reg. $3.95) $2.96

ARTICLES FAITH OF Quick Russian Borsch - Record SONG WORD AND IN WHAT SHALL WE BEADDED UPONNephi Anderson

LIEVE LP. 33V3 R.P.M. (reg. $1.95) $1.56Dilute bouillon as can one 1014ounce

(reg. Before Americas "The $3.00) $2.40 finely can.directed 2 on shredded Add - INSANITY INSTANT Charts (Maps, Columbus"beets,small 2 tablespoons raw chopped DRUGS aids includteaching and 1 finely cabonion, shredded and cup R.P.M. Record LP 33% section of ing on Book boiling Bringbage. to 10 and simmer Cleon W. Skousen

cold, or hotminutes. Serve topped Mormon.)

(reg. $5.00) $4.00 Murdock Tom of awith spoonful sour Makes cream. 4

servings. (reg. $2.00) $1.50

Quick Crabmeat Bisque

Combine one lOounce can pea soup soup. canand tomato lOVounce one

rich milk and cup oneAdd y2 6y2 - POSTAGE AND HANDLING flaked. Heat can crabmeat,ounce

slowly over low heat. Makes 6 servings. UNITED STATES: (minimum 25c)

Add 5c per SI.00 order or portion thereof for books and records.

Quick Oyster Stew FOREIGN COUNTRIES: (minimum 35c)

Books: add 7c order per portion or thereof. $1.00 to milk cream and cupsHeat 2 cup y2 first for Records: the add of $1.00 portion or $3.00 thereof 1 (withboiling. pint oysters Heat

for order and additional 50c each portion. $3.00 or (Wfcr yur butter, liquid),oyster 1 teaspoon cup Vi

salt, a dash each of pepper and cayenne, and 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce. Pour into hot milk and serve at

once. Makes 4 servings. O LDS pBOOKSTORE P. 0. Box 2454

145 East First Ave. Mesa, Arizona 85201 Tel: 9647061

Offer good anywhere in the world.

October 1969 63.,iii.'AiCi

-';'- '{W'"::-i;

Illustrated by JoJyn Borges EamilyTable Tklk By Annie Laurie Von Tungeln

"But I have to talk to get my family are generally at their greatappointments. Maybe someone

'thinks'out,"a little girl stated est ease, both physically and emotells a joke or an interesting anecemphatically. Her mother, fearful tionally, while seated around the dote.

that she was bothering the passentable, particularly at the evening Some families set up a certain gers on a crowded bus, had gently meal. The common objective, eatroutine: a discussion of public isadmonished her not to chatter so ing, is relaxing and enjoyable; and sues, or an account by each member

much. there are fewer distractions than at of the most interesting thing that

Good communication should be inost other times of the day. This is has happened to him during the

a goal for all of us. As individuals the time and place when family day. Such a procedure can be

we need not only to express ourliving is, or can be, at its best. pleasant if it is not formalized or

selves but also to listen to other Although there are times when carried to an extreme. ( Many times

folks'"thinks."This should also be a child needs to talk alone with the charm and worth of an interone of the basic goals in family life. one or both parents, the best kind change come from its spontaneity.)

Good communication leads to unof table talk is group conversation Other families make occasions of derstanding, which has been called in which every member of the famtheir dinner, building up rituals "the solvent of conflict."ily takes part. No one hides behind that eventually become traditions.

Although there are various forms a newspaper, completely absorbed. The most important thing is to

of communication, such as facial No one is glued to TV, eating a make dinner a pleasant occasion expressions, gestures, and use of the solitary dinner served on a tray. when each one feels free to be

eyes, speech is the most common There is pleasant giveand-take; himself—to open up his heart and

and important. The Master himself this means listening as well as disclose what is near to him. Legend

recognized this truth when he talking. tells us that in the days of King

stated that what goes into the Much humaninterest talk is imArthur, to express the idea of havmouth is less important than what portant. Members of the family ing a heartto-heart talk with somecomes out of it. (See Matt. 15:11.) tell about the activities of the day—one, a person might make the

The natural habitat for talk is their personal successes and disfelicitous statement, "I discovered the room in which the family eats, whether it be a stately dining room, Annie Laurie Von Tungeln, of Tulsa, Oklahoma, is a widely published author intimate breakfast room, or a nook andis a fourtimepoet. Shefirstplacehas receivedwinnerthe inFreedomsNational FoundationLeague of PenMedalWomenof Honorcontests.and

in the kitchen. Members of the

64 Improvement Era What myself unto him."Such sharing is

precious in the home. Children pick up a wealth of indoes

formation from table conversation—

though it's not the time for a A parental lecture or superimposed silence instruction of any kind. Teaching

and learning grow naturally out of -JZjlTHj mBmit nil <m i'the situation. "Where do cranook

berries come from, Mommy?"may

be an occasion to tell the child something about how the berries are grown. "What does pasteurized ike?

mean, Daddy?"presents an opportunity to acquaint the questioner

with the great Louis Pasteur, who Silence is a Bigelow carpet called tightly woven to take the constant wear

Cordridge'"'of feet for years years. and tocontributed so greatly a process

It absorbs floor sound and creates Bigelow has or can customcreate lives. that has doubtless saved many serenity. an atmosphere of hushed the perfect suit carpet to every type of

Table talk furnishes not only fun, Cordridge has a beautifully dischurch or auxiliary building.

companionship, and nourishment tinctive tree bark texture in any of sixAs America's most experienced for the mind and soul; it is also one teen colors. Its special design adapts carpetmaker we've done it since 1825.

of the most effective ways of exerhandsomelynew Mormon tochurchthe decorbuildings.of today's

cising social control of the young. Its 100% Bigelow Approved conChildren need to be taught ditinuous filament nylon pile is dense andrectly and consciously. "Did you Bigelow

notice how quickly Bobby put on his coat when his mother told him it was time to go home? I like such

promptness, and I hope you will do the same when I take you calling with me."By such a statement a

mother tries to indoctrinate her child with the ideas of punctuality and obedience.

But probably the osmosis or influence of family living is even more important than deliberate efforts to teach. Children readily absorb attitudes and patterns of behavior

from family conversations. As a <?

youngster acquires vocabulary, he is at the same time acquiring feelings associated with certain words.

A friend of mine says that when she was a child, the very mention of the word Republican made her usually placid father furious, and she was almost grown before she realized that there are decent, lawabiding Republicans as well as

Democrats. Such "emotionally

loaded"words may affect children's concepts and conduct. *

October 1969 65

Can definite things be done to improve family conversation? Certainly. Analysis of the content and

implications of talk in the home is the first step.

Research indicates that listening to a recording of family conversation that has been taped over a period of time is often helpful in determining the general trend.

( Studies show that table talk tends

You can now call Long Distance outof-state for to fall into very different patterns $1 * or less on week nights starting at 7. That's in different families.) A recording

one hour earlier I Come join the movement to 7 biases.can pointIt outshowspositiveif anyandmembernegativeis

* Interstate call, three minutes, stationto-station, to anywhere in monopolizing the conversation or if the Continental U. S. except Alaska there is general participation. It

indicates whether there is a spirit of cheerfulness or complaint; of thankMountain Bell

fulness or ingratitude; of humor or

dourness. Above all, it gives an accurate picture of the love and

respect—or lack of it—that members

of the family have for each other.

A conscious awareness, whether made possible by a tape recording or by intensive listening and observation, can lead to setting up better standards.

When the Roberts family played back the recording that had been made over a period of a week, they found that one child was almost completely left out of the mealtimeKEEP AMERICA BEAUTIFUL conversation just because she was

White cement results in concrete with unlimited possibiliwith younger and less aggressive than or colored, in White ties design and shape. appearance,

exposed, or with aggregate textured, smooth, rough conIDEAL thegailyotherabouttwo,the activitieswho bubbledof the overday.

crete made with IDEAL WHITE CEMENT is a uniform, WHITE The parents talked the matter over economical, maintenancefree building material. Specify with Sam and Sally, who were very

IDEAL WHITE and Keep America Beautiful. CEMENT cooperative as soon as they realized

IDEAL COMPANY CEMENT Inc that their shy little sister was overot Ideal Basic Industries, A Division awed., by: them. Although they did

ef the family made a defiWATER HEATERS Time to publish notmemberinsist on Anita's talking, every

GAS AND ELECTRIC nite effort from then on to draw her baptistries, your book?For church kitchens, rest rooms. into the conversations. They askedInexpensive. Completely automatic. Also,

fiberglass baptistries, spires. We publish religious, academic and her opinions now and then and enprofessional books to exacting dothe about to tell her couraged LITTLE GIANT

four months! P.O. BOX 518 / 907 SEVENTHMANUFACTURINGSTREET / ORANGE, TEXAS 77630CO. standards—withingeneral found they day. Soon ings of the

adoptions. for sales, Expert promotion

conto liked that genuinely she Free: subjects manuscripts Send any on

of Protect your copies talk. dinner for editorial, cost to the aptribute marketing and Improvement The

praisals. booklets. for helpful Write their from family learned Era Another binder with an—Era$2.50

Order from our office at Address Exposition Press, Dept. 705K,

79 South State Street 50 Jericho Turnpike, Jericho, N.Y.

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 11753.

66 Improvement Era Your Group Can Earn From $50 to $1,000 in the Next 60 Days!

recorded conversations that they has a "pretend"company dinner overcritical. It parents started then. as a rewere The now and pick* acriticized for table guests, the children's the children manhearsal but

likeners. fault with that found it has continued. The children it so much

disother. All of of the dress up. project familyeach them made Members

paraging remarks about a neighbor The menu is a bit more elaborate For your next fundraising family. Even the mother (the only than usual, the best dishes are program from these 3

one who knew of the hidden tape used, and there are candles on the PROVEN BESTSELLERS recorder) indulged in a sarcastic table. The special decorum appeals

exchange of words with her husto the children, whose mother says band. there has never been an upset glass geta FREE SAMPLE

Looking at each other in shame of milk at one of these dinners! to examine at your next meeting

as the telltale words were repeated, Probably nothing can improve the whole family resolved to do family conversation so much as Amsterdam an aboutface. Soon they found gratitude—to the one who prepared PEN PACK

that chatter about the doings of the meal, usually the mother; to the 10 highquality ballpoint

the day was not only more inearthly provider, usually the father; pensblue barrels,with red,andblackinkandto

formative and uplifting but also above all, to the great Giver of all match.smear, Permanent,bankapproved.nonmore fun than harping on someone's good things. Bringing our HeavenTen pens for $1.00

your group makes 40c!faults. ly Father into the family picture by

Some families find that occathanking him aloud sets the tone

Sentinel""sional guests add spice to a meal. for the meal. Q

They can enrich the conversation Since communication is so essenSAF-T-LITEPolice whistle, flashand help children learn to converse tial to the creation and continuance inlightoneand(withkey bulbchain andall with persons outside the immediate of satisfying relations in the home, battery included). Each

home circle. every effort to improve family conmountedwith youronpersonalselling mescard

One family of my acquaintance versation is worthwhile. O 40c!sage. $1.00 each—make

Amsterdam DROSTE CHOCOLATES Yummy! Everyone who

knows good candy importedDroste jrBH.yM T fromHolland chocoVV iates> n Nothin the vM g TOk J\ world as delicious. KS4wants kinds, beautifully 5m. /AlTJVFV\Vt\.ON* Sell boxed. for $1.25 >*i<

Old Salt Lake Theatre Kt a box. Make 50c!

By Alice Morrey Bailey Any Group Can Earn Big

MoneylWl PROVEN This house, erected in a wilderness,

Was masonstrong, and silkand-velvet fine, AMSTERDAM WAY!

of Select these three bestselling, tested design appointments in and Noble a items get and Free by return Sample mail. tell—any us your organization how many wants people's needs, a frontier To fill

sell. express toThen with send no them investment We or

fundraising your ends, campaign return bless When talents, gently pride Their risk. and cultured

full the unsold items for credit and your keep profits. FundRaising Idea Kit—line included free! or pithy sacrifice. Here tense Their

Also, extra if Cash Sales sell Bonus you

Leased pentup tears, erased the coyote's whine, entire order! Exception: No Returns on candy.your

And laughterthinned their longendured duress. MAIL TODAY FOR FREE SAMPLE

PICK A PROJECT SAMPLE REQUEST

Here came the great in drama's mighty art Mail to: AMSTERDAMAmsterdam, N.CO.,Y. Dept.361112010

To play their varied roles, each one a part Rush FREE SAMPLE checked below and details

Of mightier drama, entrance, exit, caught aboutChocolatesAmsterdam FundWhistlesRaising Plan. Check Pensone: In history to weave a masterplot—(Additional samples available at $1.00 each)

And those within whose hearts these memories lie (Your name) (Title)

Will never let this old, loved building die. (Organization)

(Address)

City (State) (Zip)

October 1969 67.

Electric Dryer...

Pure and he not a Simple

By an Anonymous Church Member

June 6, 1969, is my anniversary date a Carefree of 21 years of activity in the Church.

The motivation for writing this article is found in my desire to thank my HeavElectric enly Father in a tangible manner for his great blessings bestowed upon me since

I was 18 years of age, and in a desire.. to make observations from my experiDryer ences that may stimulate priesthood and

auxiliary teachers and leaders to never "write off"any person under their influence. For obvious reasons, my name is

not used. The fact that the following

story actually happened is more imit portant than happened. to whom UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

typical, experiences are then it If my can be concluded that the process of dropping out is not a sudden or rapid

KLUB/KWIC(FM) FULLTIME STEREO KLUB/KWIC(FM) experience. Rather, it is a fairly lengthy

process that begins at quite an early age.

ti The droppingout process is not merely

Mountain America's Choicest Music confined to quitting school; it applieso

to equally to church, society, and home.

My breaking point with the Church KLUBKWIC57 AM 97 FM STEREO m came at age 11 or 12, when my older inactive friends and nonmember made3u. from Farnsworth high atop Peak... *l<rr NOW. it quite clear that Scouting and priestMagnificient Medleys KLUB's.. on KWIC(FM)

Stereo! 70> hood activities were not activities in

location! mountaintop New 'which they, and consequently I, would

coverage! intermountain Expandedozo5 Maximum authorized power! participate. Up to this age I had been

Tune in... 97 on your FM dial! Be KWIC about it!

KLUB/KWIC(FM) MAGNIFICENT MEDLEYS KLUB/KWIC(FM) 68 Improvement Era Illustrated by Jerry Harston

sent, not taken, to church. My father had never and stole from it a woman's purse, containing a comattended priesthood meeting, nor was he ever active pact and cigarette holder.

enough in the Church to receive the Melchizedek The next day, while sluffing school, a friend and I

Priesthood. In view of these conditions, it was easy were picked up by a police officer. He checked us in

for me to drop out of church. at the police station. There our pockets were emptied,

Dropping out of school was a lengthy process. Startshowing the compact and cigarette holder. The woman

ing around the fourth grade, I can distinctly recall from whom we had stolen these items had reported feigning illness to stay home. During my junior high the loss to the police; thus, we were caught redschool years, evening employment in a roller skating handed. I was fined $75.00 for car prowling. My

rink caused me to lose much sleep. This intensified parents were not allowed to pay the fine; I could not

my already established habit of feigning illness to do so myself during the next year, because by then stay home and sleep. I just managed to meet the I had quit school, and since I had no high school

minimum requirements for graduation from junior education, work was unavailable to me.

high school. Finally, after a year my probation officer conIn the fall of my first year in high school, at age fronted me with three alternatives: (1) Pay the fine.

16, I went deer hunting, even though it was expressly This I could not do. (2) Be sent to the state industrial

forbidden by the school. As I was leaving my training school for delinquents. (3) Volunteer to

home, the phone rang. When I answered it, the attend a special camp in which I could work at a

assistant principal asked me why I wasn't in school. military installation during the day and live in barMy answer was rather crudely put: I was going to go racks with other boys who were not quite bad enough

deer hunting, and if she didn't like it, that was just to be sent to the industrial school, yet did not have too bad! She replied that if I did go hunting, I would adequate home situations. I chose alternative three,

be kicked out of school. She fulfilled her threat by and by this decision my dropping out of society was

removing me from school, and this gave me a sense complete.

of relief. The dropping out of home began in late grade

My departure from the mainstream of society was school and early high school, when every weekend an outgrowth of my previous experiences. One night in the summer was spent camping and fishing with

when I was in junior high, some of my older friends older boys. Before entering the training camp at age 16,

and I decided to see if we could find any unlocked I had made one serious attempt to run away from parked cars near a dance hall. We found such a car home. It resulted in failure. When I left the training

October 1969 69 I also enrolledThe first connecting link in a large metropolitan high school.

in seminary and had choice learning experiences under spiritual giants.

in my return to church was During this time my parents agreed to have a blessing at our meals, which I usually had to offer. After

school graduation I fulfilled a mission. There- a person of my own age who high

after my life took the course of a typical returned was genuinely interested in me'missionary:tary service, college,a bachelor'stempledegree,marriage,a master'schildren,degree,miliand finally a good position in a profession. Parallel to

these activities, I have had the opportunity to give camp, rather than return return home, I lived in the service in the Church as a teacher in the priesthood home of a widow, the mother of a former girlfriend. and auxiliary organizations, Sunday School superinThis woman was not LDS. However, she gave me tendent, district missionary, branch president, elders

more of a Christian home influence than I had received quorum president, stake MIA superintendent, and in my own home. stake high councilor.

At age 17 I left this situation and went to YellowReaders may ask, Which is better, to have strayed stone Park to work. After that summer of 1947, I and returned or to have stayed faithful and never

returned to my parents'home, having been away wandered? The parable of the prodigal son (Luke

well over one year. I then worked at a variety of jobs 15:1132) gives the answer very clearly. It is better

and began to drink heavily. During this time home not to stray. My personal experiences tell me that I

was merely a place to sleep and sometimes to eat. could have been further ahead in many areas if I had

It was while I was in this condition that Heavenly not strayed.

Father sent the gospel to me, which proved to be the The first connecting link or building block in my cure for my dropping out and which reinstated me return to church was a person of my own age who in church, society, home, and school. was genuinely interested in me. Young people can

On Sunday morning, June 6, 1948, a priest in the reach other young people in a way that adults never

Aaronic Priesthood, by assignment from the quorum can.

adviser, was sent to my home to invite me to church. To teachers I would say: Never "write off"a student.

I had been drinking the night before and was trying The power of the gospel is the most potent, constructo overcome a hangover by drinking some beer. In tive influence in the world. A student who is off the

somewhat of a stupor, I responded affirmatively to his path needs only to recognize the great value system invitation to go to priesthood meeting the following the Church offers. Saul of Tarsus and Alma, the

Sunday, I went and was warmly fellowshiped, which younger, made 180degree turns in their lives when helped me from that point on to be a one hundred they received testimonies. My gospel teachers have

percenter at all church meetings. However, I also been the most influential forces for good in my life

tried to keep up my old friendships, and this caused in helping me on the right path.

me real mental anguish, because I wouldn't miss And parents, please set the proper example! Enchurch meetings, yet I continued to drink and smoke courage your children to associate with active

with my old friends. Finally, after nine months of Latterday Saint friends, so that at critical ages in

earnest prayer and a particularly frightening experience their lives your own influence for good will be fortiwith alcohol, I quit drinking and have never touched fied by that of other active young people.

another drop since then. As a dropout who has returned, I do not consider

By the fall of 1948 (three months after becoming that return to be strange or a great miracle, but active in the Church), I had learned the emphasis rather a demonstration of the power of the gospel.

the Church places on education, and I returned to I am so grateful to God that I have been able to exschool. Because of my newfound desire for education, perience that strength and to those who have been his

I was graduated among the top ten students of my class agents in teaching me by word and example. O

70 Improvement Era WEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES

FIRST 100 ** FIRST 100 $5.75 MERCOTYPE 7RMERCOGRAPH R VED,A $19.75 $7——plain Genuine steel die engraved Printed on finest or paneled (thermography) Raised letters

vellum wedding papers in sharp, beautiful and distinctive and a Engraving plate sent with your clean new type faces. sincere value at this price. order. 15day delivery.

NEW! Art rendering of all L.D.S.

Temples for your wedding stationery

A Woman's Song Over 60 styles from which to choose including all the elegant vellums

By Marlys Bradley and finest parchments in silver gray and beautiful pastels. Also

The sound of a woman—informals, enclosures, thank you

Humming at her work notes, at home cards, napkins, photo albums, L.D.S. wedding

Lively melodies that swing books, and many accessories.

A broom without a jerk, WILL SATISFACTIONBE PROMPTLY OR REFUNDEDYOUR CONFIDENCE.MONEY That bubble the remnants ORDERGUARANTEEDAND CHEERFULLYWITH COMPLETE

Of a luncheon date ALLTISSUEDWEDDINGAND INSERTEDINVITATIONSINTO INSIDEAND ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES

From the smooth surface Of the best china plate. Gifts with every order

The sound of a woman—FREE CATALOGSinging tuneful, delicate airs,

Musing in contemplation and FREE

Etiquette WheelOf daily affairs.

airmail reor (500 ifThe sound of a woman—

credited quested) Crooning a soft lullaby your order. on

To a fretful child To still the whimpering cry. M E R C U R Y Name

The sound of a woman PUBLISHING CO. Address.

In her unfettered song 146 EAST SIXTH SOUTH STREET

Is the sound of happiness SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111 City State ZIP

Pure, unpretentious, and strong.

The Expert

By Carol Hatch "Always take him with you Big Boy

To the opera And the zoo;

Give him cultural learning—

Go to plays FAMILY And concerts too.

RESTAURANTS"Let him scenic wonders see—

Thundering Niagara, The rolling Mississippi, SALT LAKE PROVO OGDEN LOGAN

Bryce's rosy pinnacles, IDAHO FALLS. TWIN FALLS BOISEAnd Washington, D.C."

las vegasSo—BOB'S BIG BOY in reno

We took him here, We took him there, atUntil end of day, GENEALOGISTS catalog of over 300 items. Xerox copyPIANO and ORGAN he into bed, Free snuggledAs

. SALESMAN"Now, tomorrow may I play?"differenting 7c eachsheets).(5c eachGenealogyif over pictures70 of samecopiedor Top commissions. and fringe benefits.

30c (each additional copy 5c). Write for further Information:

STEVENSON'S Kings Music - 2233 S. 7th East

GENEALOGICAL CENTER Salt Lake City, Utah 84106 230 West 1 230 North, Provo, Utah 84601

October 1969 71 How to Have Hin Making History By Glen F. Stillwell

No matter how ordinary your life during the Civil War, resembled us in has been, the world may one day be many ways. Or perhaps we might have

entertainedand instructed by hearing learned that Uncle Jeff was a personal more about it. Certainly family and friend of Teddy Roosevelt.

friends will be interested in learning Your next questions might be: Who

about your thoughts, words, and deeds, cares about little old me? Stop and

Scores of styles, or thermographed Durajust as you may wish to know what think. Wouldn't it be of great interest all the graved, direct accessories. Buy

and save from West's leading manufacturlife was really like for an individual a to everyone to hear Mr. Average Perer of mailorder invitations. wedding Rush century ago. son, born in 1839, tell in his own orders shipped same day received!

You may be sure that someday you, words what he did the first day of or your kin, will be searching for inspring 1859? The time he arose that

formation about friends and relatives morning? The food he ate for breakSend for FREE catalog, samples (25c if airmail of yesterday. What were they like? fast? What he did from sunup to sundesired). REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 Where did they come from? What were down? Such an account would surely

Name. their likes and dislikes? These and simimake a place for itself in modern hisAddress - lar questions will flash through your tory, and think how it would be

City, State, Zip. mind until you feel that you must know treasured by Mr. Average Person's

the answers, so you'll look in family descendants.

TURN ON THE FABULOUS WORLD records and glance at old letters, We know a lady who was so fasciof computerized pressed flowers, undated announcenated by her new tape recorder that

HOME MANAGEMENT with ments, newspaper clippings, and unshe put it in the recording cycle early identified photos. one morning and kept it going the

These few mementos are actually entire day. The resulting "program"

more than many persons leave behind. put the lie to the old saying about one

In this age of speed there seems to be picture being worth a thousand words.

little time for the backward glance, Of course, these were spoken words the making of notes, and, of course, words of telephone conversations, comfamily records. It is regrettable, bements of callers, even the exclamation

cause collecting and storing autobioof pain when she pinched her finger.

graphical materials is fascinating and We doubt that she saved this tape, and fun. At least Benjamin Franklin found it is too bad, because some day it

it so. And he didn't have the advanmight be the basis for a book.

tage of typewriter and tape recorder. We made the start of our own perThink how nice it would have been sonal time capsule years ago, when we

say, "It slipped again NeverRELAX! my if our greatgrandparents had dated bought our first tape recorder. We have will slip in plentymind."you We a MEMO

of time! those clippings and included with them plastic duplicates of some of those first

HOW? Jot down those MUST events now, a few pages from a dayto-day diary. paper tapes. More recently we have

is "Johnnie's birthday October assuch 20; Then we might have known that Greatbroadened the scope of our recordings we'll October 15,"remind send you and me

a memo. uncle John, who left home to join the to include note of important national

AND... just in case, have us send a Union forces at age 14 and who spent events, family history, discussions,

office for to your husband'sfew memos relong months in Andersonville prison achievements, comments, and descripto special datesthose you want him member.

F. Stillwell, Glen trade a former publications resides at Manhattan editor who occasion. each 25c for TODAY:SEND California, Beach, reports history he has enjoyed "making since I bought

forget (Don't order $1.00. yourMinimum first in 1953."tape recorder my

return address.)

Personal Computer Service P. O. Box 1980

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

72 Improvement Era tions of places and people known intiDon't fail to date all stored material cardboard when the additional material mately now or in the past. at the time of storage, and to announce is added to the tape. An easier method

Taping can now be done efficiently the current date, time, and place on the of revising a tape is to remake it with at extremely low speed, and longplay tape. With a modern recorder, this is the use of a borrowed recorder.

tapes are available. Hence, there is easy to do without erasing the original The only thing left to do is to get

little need for excessive editing except recording. Anyone familiar with the started on your own personal time capperhaps to insert current comment. It instrument will show you how this is sule today. Tomorrow may be too late,

might be well to advise the purchase or done even though there are no conand your descendants may regret that use of a quality fourtrack tape retrols for the purpose. The recorder's you left to them little in the way of

corder in making personal time caperase head is insulated with a slip of accurate family history. O

sule tapes, since such instruments usually have add-a-track and editing facilities, along with other features. It

should have a low tape speed of 3%- Richard L. Evans

inch per second, or lower. Include in

the "time capsule"a photo and deThe Spoken Word scription of the machine used in making the tape.

You might tape for posterity other "All your danger is in discord"sounds that are unusual as well as that arethose ordinary—perhaps

bird call, of a dog, the barking the a Therethis time:are these"All yourlines strengthfrom Longfellowis in your tounion.which/ Allour yourheartsdangerturn atis

sound of a motor, kitchen clatter, and in discord. / Therefore be at peace henceforward, / And as

children's voices. You might also inbrothers live together."1 And he might have added—as husbands and

clude personal reaction to current wives live together, parents, children, as business partners; as neighbors

events, clothing worn, entertainment and nations live together. "All your strength is in your union. / All

enjoyed, topical humor. your danger is in discord."The strength, the joy of life is in harmony at

Each tape should be identified. A home, at work, in the world—and the danger of discord could hardly

good way to do this is to type the be overemphasized. Discord is among the greatest tools of the devilentire program in proper sequence on quarreling, contention, friction in families, husbands, wives, parents,

the face of a large manila envelope and children, neighbors, nations quarreling and contending with each store the completed reel in this. There other, almost as if without awareness that a little friction can go a long

is no need to use a new envelope, since way—and to cite a current source, "can trigger chain reactions,"and

an old one might be postmarked and, "shake the whole delicate balance of office or workshop or home [or... Friction does not have to be screechy...in addition, may have unusual canof the whole world],

celled stamps. This, of course, will to be dangerous and evil."2 Small frictions grow to large ones and lead

provide an additional interesting item to hostility; and happiness leaves the home, the heart; and the hope

for the time capsule. and joy of life are less. More and more we need to know that families,

The tape and related additional items neighbors, men, and nations can destroy each other in quarreling and to heart "turn the of the fathers need and More more we in a controversy. stored best be—all dated—can...."3 fathers. heart children to the children, to their of the the and

for box;metal temporary document

circle, is forever a secure family the of belonging, place in sense will fruit serve. Astorage, a metal cake tin

"... if life's possessions. ye are ye are most priceless not one among

a closet be placed should notThey on not mine,"4 said our Savior. God grant that husbands, wives, children,

shelf and forgotten. Playing such a

parents, partners, fellow workers, men of all faiths, indeed that all the tape after a period of years will hold children of God may turn hearts toward each other—and also that a

surprises even for those who made it. man should not quarrel with himself inside, but keep the commandWhen a loved one's death was yet fresh ments and have a quiet conscience. "All your strength is in your

in our minds, we hesitated to listen union. / All your danger is in discord."

to her voice, but no more. With perhaps greater understanding and insight 'Henry2The RoyalWadsworthBank of Longfellow,Canada MonthlyThe SongLetter,of Vol:Hiawatha,49, No. Part11. 1.

we can now listen to our mother's 3 Mal. 4:6.

4D&C 38:27.

words, knowing that she would have *"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, liked it that way. presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System August 3, 1969. Copyright 1969.

October 1969 73 mains: Why did it happen to us and a

beautiful, brilliant, talented girl who was raised well? The answer must be that

Satan would have been pleased had he Buffs succeeded.

Parents in Kearns, Utah and May I tell you how very much I appreciated the article "Keep Cool."This kind

of advice and help has been needed for Rebuffs a long time.

A Mother in Marysville, Washington

Thank you from the hearts of thousands of parents and grandparents everywhere for the understanding and helpful letter

Send Them LISTEN tois patientanguishedand parents,loving and"KeepforgivingCool."toGodus,

The teens you know—they're not and we must return those qualities to our

for you God bless part of the generation, hooked are printingyounger suchgeneration. an article.

Christianthey? Their background has Grandparents Wait Who

all kept from them that? Are you

sure? Teenagers like to test taboos. Tonight when I came home from work

They feel embarrassed to say "No "Keep Cool"the Era was waiting for me, and as I thanks"to a drink, reluctant to pass glanced through it I saw the article reassurance comfort and when Today is Cool."daughter, 15 "Keep who My a up cigarette marijuana at without

article I sorely the needed, found were old, three years ran from home away least drag. one

gratiof tears [August], Cool"and "Keep I area the general ago. weeks know to Introduce do? to What them I to of eyes. thought sprang tude is, my I neither nor famshe but where my"Listen"magazine. in of parents the other be need who may friends police the ily nor nor been have

"Listen's"true stories portray the solace I found from these words, but able to find her. She is in an area known

problems of alcohol and drugs. Its who would never see them. Would it be for its hippietype youth and drugs.

scientific articles give the facts. Its inpossible to have single copies made and Your article did something that nothing

terviews with famous people encourgiven to bishops, who in turn could give else and no one else have been able to to parents"? "waiting little least that at a hope do—give me healthful,age Christian living—peothem

is It that "flower child"a seems all eventually will things turn out a maybe like ple teenage skater Olympic the of because problem hush""hush I right. will serve to continue God myPeggy Fleming, Billy golf pro Casper, in of usage, the eyes stigma drug and pray daughand love, and and maybe my

L. radioand speaker Richard Evans. it of the seems of Church some members ter will yet grow back and come up

How can you help your teenthat the "judgments are raised,""enough be a fine daughter to me and to God. to

agers avoid the common mistakes? wasn't done for that child,""such and A Mother in Seattle, Washington

Subscribe to "Listen"for your home, such was done."Upon analysis one

LDS Seminaries, Institutes of Religion, realizes, however, that when we face our The SocioPolitical Spectrum and MIAs. Fill children, we have loved to the best of

that recognize our knowledge, for truly and the Era! we been Hooray I have

to gain in capacity all limited are our interesting at surprised pleased and some weothis coupon 2J3TJW S usage face drug knowledge. letters poetry, you controversialbold some When

by your child, you at first stand helpless from both sides of the sociopolitical in your lack of knowledge, and you walk spectrum, the article on student unrest in of your Gethsemane garden Times"], the ["These which wasn't May LISTEN through to ask, alone, only able have I the usual onesided "What condemnation, and

Just done? Did I harm this child?"As new article on meat—so long needed to

knowledge is gained of the problems inbe heard.

$3.50 volved, a balance of self is eventually Scott S. Smith

established. As the article says, "EveryThousand Oaks, California

per thing can come to him who waits."Carl

subscription Sandburg stated, however, "The crying is World of Genealogy lonely."I wish I could sign my name,

I wish to order. 12month subbut since it seems to some that we wait The July issue is perhaps the most out-

(in issue ever published myscription(s). My check

article opinion). exwas Each or money orin shame, AnotherI can onlyParentsay, Who Waits standinghumble is enclosed.der for $

cellent. it will a great Undoubtedly do

It to I a were comfort in of personally the know was world. that we good the Send subscription(s) to my adAugust]. Cool,"I alone not ["Keep sent feel sure copies three where We havedeal dress below.

to lost raise in too confidence our ability it will vast to releasing the pave way

Send subscriptions to the addichildren after our eldest child, a girl, stores of personal records that would tional addresses listed on sepatraveled the same path to hell that the never be found by microfilmers. In one

rate paper. article's author had experienced. Now we case I know that the newspapers and

look back: it has been two years, and we town records have been burned, and yet

Mail this coupon with your check to: all have changed. Thank goodness for my distant relative has duplicates of most

Listen, P.O. Box 11471, Salt Lake time, for prayers, for good overcomof them in her home, the result of a long

City, Utah 84111. ing evil. Thank goodness for the Church, lifetime of clipping and searching. The

which helped in so many ways. Era will do the softening.

Your Name Our scars have not healed yet, but we hold our heads high, knowing we did Dora D. Flack

Address ourto thebestChurch.to raiseTheourstandardschild withoflove,our homeclose Bountiful, Utah

have not changed, because they were and Thank you for one of the best issues of

City are good standards. The question rethe Era [July]. I felt I just had to express

State Zip

74 Improvement Era Kodak Filmmy thanks to you for a very enjoyable What Can We Read? DEVELOPING

magazine; every feature was so interesting and inspiring. I don't believe anyone I have just received my June Era conwho reads this issue can help but come taining the general conference talks. In

away from it inspired to do his genealogy, reading one of the talks, I found a renot person that he would by one testimony of of mark the truthwith a stronger in his SAVE?!50/o magazines wellknown have most triedthe gospel, a better or even cook—I

the potato salad out on our Trailbuilders, house. This reminds me of a questionand they loved it. put to me by some MIA girls a few years FAST, CONVENIENT

I was particularly impressed with the ago. I found that they had brought into

class some maga- I was teachingfeature of the Faithful.""Reports the MIA with QUALITY SERVICE "confession"of the type—trash Since some experiences, zines you published

the tacked feebly end on tell "moral"a I please children, mine? you Asmay USE THIS AND of CUT OUT

its existence. story to excuse the Billy close. brother and I were verymy FORM HANDY girls I qualthe to these low pointed out a very theIt was sad Lord day when

called him home; he was only 15, but ity of story content, low quality writing,

there was much work for him to do. How and crude advertisements for indecent

much work I learned ten years later. I clothing and pornographic material. Thewas married and had two little girls then. girls, some of whom were without LatterCOLOR

Billy came to me in a very lifelike day Saint guidance in the home, had dream—he looked beautiful, with no signs been deceived by the "morals"of the K0DAC0L0R

stories are supwe and demanded, us. "Whatof sickness that took the from him

take to read, us a Developing and SUPER SIZE Prints doesn't then? It posed holding there smiling, stood outHe to me

a handful of papers; and not moving his month to read the Era, and anyway, we 8 Exposure Rolls:...$2.55 Save 77c

to don't our noses glued to keeplips, want told that our he people wanted, me. $1.48 Save Rolls:. $3.00 12 Exposure

all publications time."the church to long, their temple waited haveand had

. Save 9< Reprints NegS: from $.20 ea. are Saints supposed Latterday What done.work

I knew very little about genealogy. All to read? There are, of course, classics in Super Size Prints are 4x4 with 50% Greater

mother could tell me was that Greatliterature, but most of them are 50 years Picture Area grandmother Barbara Niemes was born old, and many of the younger members in a town called Gruenstadt, Germany. I would like to read stories with a curKODACHROME or EKTACHROME

I feel current rent that theme. they need fogdidn't have the and noknew German

easily Developed into Slides or Movie Film stories, too, so that they can more ingiest Gruenstadt idea was where

Germany. identify with the hero or heroine. 35 mm, 20 Mounted Slides:

I wrote to Gruenstadt for the birth Unfortunately, most books and stories $1.35 Save 75c

certificate of my grandmother and was now printed concern antiheroes who 35 mm, 36 Mounted Slides:

thrilled with the reply. Not only did I allow obstacles to overcome them and $2.40 Save $1.00

it yield to temptation so readily certificate, giving birthreceive the who me Roll: Movie is Super 8 Cartridge or 8 mm

all, at considered to be temptation not reparents, the ofthe her but names Save 75c $1.35

"nature."merely but alsocorder of her wrote the names

grandparents on the back and, more By diligent searching it is possible to

I believe read, fit to and find somethingthrilling, for said that he would send $8 of BLACK & WHITE published must be good books many to 1600. backme her pedigree

view In I have no knowledge. to me. which Genealogy drug like a became of Developing and Jumbo Prints

of Youth quality the high of the Era it alone. feeding AfterI couldn't leave

breakfast to my family and sending contest winners'works, could a magazine 8 Exposure Rolls:.. $.85 Save 51 (

Daddy off to work, I found it hard to of Latterday Saint writers'works be 12 Exposure Rolls:... $1.00 Save 88c

entertainfor the separately published letter.resist writing quick one That.. Rolls: Exposure Save 20 $1.35 $1.45 G Saints? Latterday of Latterday letter findquick times would many me ment

.. Exposure Rolls: 36 $2.72 Save $2.00 reading, Saints to enjoy ought but we O genealogystill doing came when Daddy

home looking for his dinner and a clean need something fit to read.

Margretahouse. Spencer GENEALOGY PHOTOS General Hospital It was during such a period of interest

Safad, Israel Ithat large received envelope a very old photos: Negatives from

giving information.from Germany me.60 Save c 40 $

I in nightsFor three a awakened was row negatives: from Save 4( $.08 Q Prints sitting sleep,from in bed, a and deep up

I could feel the room filled with people fill order your and above Check INSTRUCTIONS: to to feel their their pleasand send names

in entire form below address Wrap and nameSalt that so City they could Lake have in include film and heavy your exposed aroundtheir done. temple and won, work They your with remittance along No envelope duty

I filled sheets as family the out group order: please C.O.D.'s $1.00 Minimum We

best I could. pay return postage You receive full credit for

unprintable negatives or any overpayment. the Genealogi- I received a letter from

Tax. Sales On Lines Not Written anyUtah residents add 3VSs% State Ical that Society telling didn't put me

correctly, I inthe "source"and was a By Paul Armstrong little until I received worried second a NAME (PLEASE PRINT) letter asking me in which temple I wished

I replied,the done. temple work "The ADDRESS quick- A big idea crossed my mind, the thewhere work can be done

est, so that we can all receive some But then I couldn't seem to find CITY STATE ZIP rest."I then told them my story. There Check if you want Film Mailer Envelopes at nohave been other experiences, and I know A moment free; charge

that there are many people waiting onthe other side for someone to do their Now I see a page blank, white, for them. I'mtemple work sure many

inspired the Where all those lines I didn't MONEYYOU MUSTWILL BEBE SATISFIEDPROMPTLY ORREFUNDEDYOUR in readingpeople will be

July Era. write MAIL TODAY TO Mrs. Edgar Fink

San Antonio, Texas Escaped from me. SAM'S PHOTO LAB

P.O. Box 1115, Dept. X, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

October 1969 75 Genealogy

Genealogy: the

HELP!

is This insurance your when man Great Equalizer for has to go to work you. To make

sure sure now he will, make he's By David H. Pratt insurance agent. an independent

His job is to serve you first when you need help most. We're indeGenealogy is a systematic study to an end. Let us not overlook the

pendent agents. Call us any time. of the personal history of the race significance and potentiality in

in order to determine one's ancestry. genealogy for other areas of life.

It is dependent upon the existing Genealogy will assist any student records of the past and a skillful of history to gain a more solid analysis of them through insights foundation for his studies. The

provided by history, geography, background of entire regions or

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. and allied studies of human conevents could be traced through the

General Agents, Salt Lake City nections and movements. genealogies and the personalities

Latterday Saints view genealogy involved to project why they as a tool to weld family ties between thought and acted as they did. The

the living and the dead. The family cultural strains that shaped their

is the basis of the Lord's kingdom, habits and problems and the roots and entrance into the highest deof their institutions could be more gree of the celestial kingdom will easily determined. Genealogy is the

be possible only for those who have skeleton of history, and its students been sealed into one eternal family. recognize that their quests are

We are laboring under the spirit linked, as one writer has stated,

EMPLOYMENT of Elijah when we marry in the "with the movements of human

OPPORTUNITIES temple, when we hold our family history and entwined with the roots

FOR home evenings, and when we exerand branches of human nature."

cise the patriarchal priesthood in (Anthony R. Wagner, English AnReturned Missionaries righteousness, but the whole vision cestry. )

Servicemen is not obtained until we recognize The role of genealogy may have

Students temporarily out of genealogy as the means of extendeven deeper significance in these school ing our family circle even bechanging times. Modern technology

High Caliber yond the veil. Then will we begin and industry have freed man from

Young Men Only! to grasp the full significance of the the drudgery of the past and given

From Intermountain Area Prophet Joseph Smith's statement, him more time and wealth for edu- "the power of Elijah is sufficient cational and spiritual pursuits. But

Employment at odd times of year to make our calling and election at the same time, these advances

Work into supervisory capacity while a sure."have unintentionally weakened the student college

Excellent standards—associate with clean, In addition to the spiritual goal family structure and often left man

ambitious young people that are proud of genealogy, perhaps we Latterrootless as he attempts to cope to a living work for Can transfer to different areas day Saints need to be reminded with the problem of how to use

Much independence! that genealogy is not just a means newfound leisure time. The trivial

Write or call for information.

David H. Pratt, instructor in genealogy at Brigham Young University, was

Varsity Contractors, Inc. formerly assistant supervisor of research at the Genealogical Society. He

serves as high priests group leader in the Pleasant Grove (Utah) Fifth Ward.

Box 1692 Phone 2328598 Pocatello, Idaho 83201

76 Improvement Era recreations with which many pertruly is a leveler in that it brings sons fill what is increasingly becompeople closer together in an awareNOW!

ing the major part of their day only ness of and appreciation for their add to the unrest, lack of purpose, common heritage. Genealogy is no

and false goals that plague the respecter of persons, and its purpresent. Genealogy could perform suit should lead one to be tolerant

a dual role in helping man to use of others as he learns how tangled his free time more intelligently and intermingled all our pedigrees while obtaining a better underare.

standing of the past, but more imGenealogy is not a subject for portantly, by helping "to reconstithe dead; rather, it is the unifier of

tute human links which may restore men living and dead so that they to his life lost dignity and meaning."might be sealed by the power of YOU CAN

(Ibid,) Elijah. There is no place in our Baron de Montesquieu informs us theology for the man who cries that LIVE IN

it that to his is impossible family, "dehas honor time for he no either SALT LAKE CITY living parents ceased to or led without being dead. is within power The

reverence the living."Genealogy each of us to attain this goal. O at the

NEWHOUSE Center of City Richard L. Evans Overnight and Residential

Free Parking Family Rooms The Spoken Word Daily from $8.00

Now make the most of it! MONTHLY RATE

Somewhere the story is told of a talented girl who seemed not to be $190.00

doing enough with the gifts and abilities that she had been given, and under some strong impulse her mother one day impatiently PRIVATE ROOM—BATH

shook her and, in substance, said: "I've given you life. Now you do ALL MEALS and SERVICES MAIL FOR DETAILS—something with it!"We could conceive of the Father of us all saying—

about the same: "I've given you life. Now make the most of it! I've NEWHOUSE

given you time, opportunity, talent, intelligence, the good earth and 4th South and Main all it offers—now use it, do something with it!"This brings to mind a Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

line, not often heard or said these days, but much full of meaning: "We Name

are not here to play, to dream, to drift."One of the most wasteful

wastes in the world is the waste of time, of talent, of opportunity, of Address creative effort—indifference to development, indifference to learning,

indifference to work—the don't-care, dropout, what's-theuse attitude.

There are times for preparation, and times for serious, responsible perPrint Name and Address formance, and we had better be finding direction, finding ourselves, and moving forward, avoiding indifferent drifting or wasteful delay in using the priceless abilities and opportunities God has given. One of cox's DBLICOUS

the steadying factors in this broad one's and blessed land, and in each that restlessness for CreamedMoneylife—one would reduce be and discontent—would one of the best in the U.S.all of us to make commitment to develop and use in more useful ways

the best of our abilities, perhaps with a sense that the Father of us all might somehow, sometime shake us, and unforgettably say (which he Special Holiday has, in more ways than we seem to be aware): "I have given you life. Gift Boxes

Now, make the most of it!"

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, (Write for presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System July 27, 1969. Copyright 1969. Free Brochure)

COX HONEY FARMS Shelley, Idaho 83274

October 1969 77 UNLIMITED PROFITS tournament senior division, was won

Ellis Beach, California. Jeff won the SUCCESS The Church juniorby Robert (Bud) Andreason of Long division, Larry and Summerhays

the veterans'division. MovesOn

The World Conference on Records PRESTIGE closed this evening, after a gala banYours with a JeP fDQPQ]'quet and program at the Salt Palace

Franchise available to in Salt Lake City.

husband/wife teams.

All LDS missionaries laboring in

Ireland are safe during the present civil crisis, Irish Mission President

Theron M. Ashcroft advised the MissionJuly 1969 ary Department. Missionaries in the

Londonderry area have been moved to "America's Witness for Christ,"with safety.

a cast of 500 performing on 25 handsomely designed outdoor sets at the U The First Presidency announced

Hill Cumorah in upstate New York, bethe appointment of Charles Grob of gan its weeklong presentation this Salt Lake City to be president of the evening. Swiss Temple, succeeding Walter Trauffer.

August 1969 The following appointments to membership on the general board of the

The annual Hill Cumorah Pageant Relief Society were announced (resiclosed its 1969 season this evening. dence is Salt Lake City unless noted):

UNLIMITED PROFITS New lighting and a new fivechannel Helen Gygi Lach, Orlene J. Poulsen,

Annual Profits $30,000 to $50,000 and stereophonic sound system made it posJohna Mary de St. Jeor, Beverly Jensen

over. Bonus and Gift recognition. sible for all to see and hear better than Pond, Marian Louise Richards Boyer,

SUCCESS everat thebefore.six performancesThe estimated approachedattendance AmyMarjorieYoungMerrillValentineReeve (Provo,(Kansas Utah),City,

Assured by a unique marketing program. Assured through expert 100,000. Missouri), Aline Rawson Pettit, Anna

training in sales and management. Jean Bullock Skidmore (Logan, Utah),

Some 5,000 persons attended a Ada Jones Jones (Chandler, Arizona),

PRESTIGE convocation of the World Conference and Inez Tolman Waldron (Logan,

The pride of owning your own on Records in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. Utah).

business and representing a luxury There they heard the Tabernacle Choir The reappointments of George I.

line of lounge and sleep fashions.

and organ and addresses by President Cannon and Robert L. Backman to the

Hugh B. Brown of the First Presigeneral board of the Young Men's MuClip out the coupon and let us

tell you more about the *—-, dency and Elders Harold B. Lee and tual Improvement Association were

opportunity of your lifetime. J L Howard B. Hunter of the Council of the announced.

Twelve. Conference seminars will begin Tuesday, August 5, and will continue of the Salt TaberLake Members mm CO., 16203 JER MARAI Friday, 8. Ward Way, through August nacle Salt Choir left this City Lake Industry, California 91745

ATTENTION: morning for Toronto, Ontario, Canada. M. T. Lundahl

Exec. Vice President, Sates Marketing.

allChurch annual The golf KM tournaThis evening some 15,000 attended Please send me D Exclusive JER MARAIfull detailsdistributorshipin acquiringin at ment opened Alpine and at their concert Wasatch National the Canadian area. myan Mountain golf courses in central Utah. Exposition.

Name: (please print) It a Last evening ball!"banquet was held at was "Play beginning early

Address: Brigham University. Young this morning as allChurch the annual

City:- softball tournaments got underway at

State:. -Zip Code: til A suddendeath playoff, the first George Q. Morris Park in Salt Lake

Phone:. such playoff in the allChurch golf City.

Previous party plan experience:

Yes None DSome I would like to sell under an Existing

Distributor. E-10

78 Improvement Era President W. Stanford Wagstaff of

the Gulf States Mission notified the

Missionary Department that all missionaries were safe and accounted for after

Hurricane Camille.

Utah Day was noted at the Canadian

National Exposition Tabernacle as the ibeM.J 104.,*, tv.altf.-il L*h fake. I ftftom* m

in Choir concert its second gave

Toronto. r,,iiM

'-*?; |ll 'l,!! - -

BQ The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir returned to Salt Lake City this evening after presenting a concert in the Chicago Amphitheater during the convention of the American Hospital Association. Nearly 40,000 persons in all

heard the concerts in Toronto and

Chicago.,dji:?"35,: j.;;,;/;;/ i<t;V

Results in the allChurch softball tournament were:

Senior fast pitch: Burbank (California) Second, championship; Bountiful (Utah) 30th, second; Monument

Park West Fifth (Salt Lake City), third;

Van Nuys (California), fourth; and Long

Beach (California) Third, fifth.

Vista (CaliJunior fast pitch: Chula

fornia), championship; Park If you were 5 years old, Canoga

(California), second; Whittier (California) Seventh, third; Hollywood you'd know why kids

(California) Third, fourth; and Taylorsville fifth. Fifth, (Utah)

pitch: Senior slow Mesa (Arizona) like this songbook!

22nd, championship; Westchester (California) Second, second; North Jordan

(Utah) Sixth, third; Yucaipa (California), Range keyed to children's singing

fourth; and West Suburban (Illinois), ability

fifth. Simple accompaniment patterns

Junior slow pitch: Phoenix (Arizona) Words young people can

understand Tenth, championship; Westminster

(California), second; Twin Falls (Idaho), Ideal supplementary music for

third; Raymond (Alberta, Canada) Third, Sunday School, Primary or Family

fourth; and Merced (California), fifth. Home Evenings. Reinforces concept

taught in church lessons. Helpful

The appointment of Melvin R. to choristers looking for ideas.

Brooks as director of distribution and translation for the European areas of the Church was announced.

The appointment of Addie Fuhriman to the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association general board was announced.

October 1969 79.

TheseTimes <fcfcfc Crisply refreshing bubbly enough for a celebration!

Delightfully nonalcoholic!

1 -PACK (4/5 qt.)

$3.50 ppd.

3-PACK (4/5 qts.) 1

$8.00 ppd.

SAMPLE (6.4fl.ozs.): $1.00 ppd.

SINCE 1868 By Dr. G. Homer Durham

GOLD MEDAL Commissioner and. Executive Officer, Utah System of Higher Education

S. MARTINELLI & CO.

DEPT. U BOX 549 Neil Armstrong and Edwin Aldrin have set foot on the moon.

Watsonville, Calif. 95076 Michael Collins helped get them there and back, piloting Columbia,

the command module. A President of the United States, Richard M.

shortly after they m setNixon,foottalkedon theto satellite,ArmstrongJulyand20,Aldrin1969.byTentelephonedays later the President

m was in Romania.

trip of the President of the m The two events were not isolated. The

United States was undoubtedly planned to follow the moon landing.

Successful or not, the President's swingacross the Pacific, through southeast Asia, and on to Bucharest was well assisted by the success of Apollo 11.

At the turn of the century, Theodore Roosevelt sent the U.S. Navy

on its first cruise around the world. It was a demonstration of national

r power for nationalism's sake. It was the time of nearly a dozen "great"

"IN THIS or aspiring powers.

HOLY PLACE"It did not require Apollo 11 to demonstrate American power in

The story of a young family 1969. The technical elegance of the Mercury, Gemini, and Apollo

facing the trials of the illness missions has conveyed many lessons, including the demonstration of and death of a loved one. national power. The planting of the Stars and Stripes on the moon's

film The teaches strength how can be drawn from the gospel surface constitutes national pride that all the world can understand.

in critical times. Narrated by But the message, "We came in peace for all mankind,"was also planted.

Elder Richard L. Evans. Neil Armstrong, correcting the verbal relay and the press reports,

"said that the first words spoken on lunar soil, and by him, were: ""That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind."

INSPIRATIONAL What can be said, viewing the successful mission? What does it

LDS FILMS portend?

Available from your 1. Apollo 12 will follow Apollo 11. Space exploration will connearest LDS Film Library

tinue, to the moon, Mars, elsewhere.

BYU EDUCATIONAL 2. The explorations may be greatly stimulated by the analyses

MEDIA SERVICE of the 60odd pounds of lunar material returned by Armstrong, Aldrin,

Herald R. Clark Building

Brigham Young University, k Provo, Utah 84601 A

80 Improvement Era and Collins. Not a California gold advice and opinions from all of America, since 1946, the former

rush, perhaps, but curiosities will quarters. liberal arts, socalled, have virtube piqued. Eventually, economic The foregoing are among the ally all become specialistic disciconsequences will be weighed. obvious consequences. plines. Formerly, most universities

3. The Russians are undoubtedWhat may be less obvious and limited strictly the amount of work

ly, as a national system, seized possibly more important? taken in a major subject. Today,

with new concerns for their space 1. I think there will develop the English, philosophy, sociology,

program. Scientists and engineers some fundamental emphases and and political science major stuthroughout the world will face new attitudes that will notably affect dent, no less than the science,

frontiers. education. Young people have business, or engineering student,

4. There will be much discusbeen orienting themselves more tends to spend the bulk of his

sion in Congress, in the public and more to the engineering sciuniversity time in one department media, indeed, throughout the ences since about 1890. For 12—or in closely allied work. In

world, as to how much American years, since Sputnik, American many universities, a student in resources should be committed elementary and secondary educabusiness administration or engianew to the space program, and tion has enlarged its emphasis on neering may frequently have more how much should be left for, and science, mathematics, and engibreadth in his educational work what will be the effects on, domesneering subjects. (so far as numbers and varieties

tic urban needs. There will be In the universities and colleges of subjects are concerned) than

Salt Lake City from Tempe, Arizona, where Dr. Durham

has served since 1960 as president of Arizona State

University. While there, he guided a university that grew

from 10,640 to 26,264 students and increased substantially in new buildings, and he directed the development of a sophisticated and respected academic program.

Previous to the Arizona State presidency, Dr. Durham

served as academic vicepresident at the University of

Utah, where he also headed the political science department. In 1959, he was elected president of the

American Society of Public Administration, an organization he helped found. Since then, he has held many

important national and international governmental and educational assignments, which have frequently taken him to other lands. A native Utahn (born in Parowan),

Brother Durham has his roots deeply imbedded in the

Church and has authored and edited a handful of

Church books, including some of the writings of his fatherin-law, the late Elder John A. Widtsoe of the

Council of the Twelve. (He married Eudora Widtsoe,

and they have two daughters and a son.) Era readers

have long enjoyed Dr. Durham's comments in "These

Readers of Dr. G. Homer Durham's highly interestTimes,"a regular department since August 1946.

ing, informative, and provocative column will be interHowever, he was a consistent contributor of articles ested to know of his recent appointment as Utah's first and book reviews beginning in July 1937, at which

Commissioner of Higher Education. The new post time he was pursuing his doctorate at the University

requires the relocation of Dr. and Mrs. Durham to of California at Los Angeles.

October 1969 81 Breathe LIFE into gospel teaching with.. cQUNO

fill* stories some philosophy or language A pattern is beginning to be majors. noticeable in the universities.

...successor to the "filmstrip". The net result portends, I beMen study science or engineering,

INVOLVE the'viewer lieve, that eventually the socalled then do graduate work in business dramatize and clarify ideas humanities and social science administration, law, or occasionalinspire ACTION majors will fall behind in various ly a social science. They filled

The. impact of a good"color motion areas and enterprises of human their group requirements just as

picture at about onetenth the cost competition in the future. Some, the English and history major did,

in many cases, will have an educabut the latter didn't acquire a mastion largely based on the cultivation tery of science; didn't take the lab

and recultivation of texts, words, courses and the mathematics;

and criticism, rather than a knowldidn't learn computer programedge of things, forces, and proming. It is true that the engineercesses. Society will always need ing or business administration

the refiners of texts, of ideas major didn't take political theory,

Become a NonSmoker! Thebroadlyindividuals,considered,whetherand of theolowords. comparativein the modernliterature,novel, orthethecourse"HisAn inspiring filmsound story gians, professors, managers, or tory and Culture of the Far East."

showing to become HOW a nonpoliticians, who lead other men But throughout his life, on color way. the Lord's smoker,

and direct them by the powers of television, in a flood of printed

Satisfaction guaranteed, $9.85 words, ideas, concepts, and lanmatter from newspapers, periodiguage are a vital component of cals, and paperbacks, the engineer

REPLACEMENTS: life. civilized But if the Frank if he has the desire the uses and—set packsized—a of Bormans and Neil Armstrongs "fifteen minutes that a day"used of to replace cards

cigarettes in purse the future arise, men who have to be advertised for the Harvard pocket or—loaded mastered technical skills and, at Classics—can and will see modern benefits with and

promises for nonthe same time, have developed Chaucerian tales nightly on telesmokers. $ 1.45 mastery of words, ideas, and convision; he can read (as the social

cepts, they will have an advantage science and humanities student

OTHER FILMSOUND STORIES: over the former. learns to read) nontechnical literaNot Were The Challenge, We There a slow may be trend in ture on everything from social Heaven, of Fail, to Meant A Bit that direction already, aided mere's to cultural conflict. and He Yoke. Every Break

M otiv-A id Cards abettedlying computersby the technologyand mass media.underwillin theneversocialbe sciencesas preciselyand informedhumani-

...humorous, serious: to How does this come about? ties as professors and majors of

marriage, temple encourage Formerly, the humanistspeakers, these subjects. But he will be tithing, etc. attendance, temple

Bishops, send for free sample set. writers, orators, combining their better informed in their subjects

skills, competed with the warriorthan they are in his. Therein may

by J. Richard Produced Andersen

leaders for social dominance, for lie the clue to a rather fundaand of the Darld Long, developers "Project Temple"program. exerting the influence that leads mental shift in education, both in

to organization skills. In many what parents encourage their

Aids to Motivation instances the warriorleaders, dechildren to study and in what 57'4 E. Second South St. spite greater strength, skill, and they request their school boards

Salt Lake City, Utah 84102 the power of example, eventually and legislatures to provide.

Dial direct: came under the dominance of The classics, largely in Greek 801 3632862 (office)

801 2789806 (home) thinkerorganizers who had verbal and Latin, constituted the curricuskills. The engineers who rose to lum for an educated man or

lead nations, corporations, churchwoman only a century ago. Chem-

n es, and other large human oristry and physics were held at

OMEGA ganizations were few in the arm's length at Harvard and Yale nineteenth century. In the past—in the socalled "Sheffield

crc/zN/v\v>jiA two decades, more and more have Scientific Schools."What a revoluJEWELRY COMPANY

a lifetime of proud possession emerged. tion has occurred in American

42 West 2nd South Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 3221039 (301)

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

82 Improvement Era I SALTZLAKE CjVICOTTONWOOD OCDEN

higher education! Both in curwords they speak to waiting milricula and, of course, in the shift lions, wreathed in living color. But

from education for a small elite, who explains the pictures from to higher education for the masses Mars from the Jet Propulsion in all varieties of talents, in such Laboratory in Pasadena? And who

unheard of fields as accounting, will write Walter Cronkite's copy agriculture, home economics, jourand replace him in 1989?

nalism, physical education, teach- 2. This brings us to the secer education, counseling, social ond, and more obvious, outgrowth

work, and business administration! of the moon mission: centralizaOne cannot find those in a college tion. The world has been centralizcatalogue in 1869—at least in ing its institutions, slowly at

what was considered a "respectfirst, since about 1500 A.D. It

able"college. will now proceed much more

It is quite likely that in the next rapidly. The World Conference on

several decades, there will be even Records held by the Church in greater encouragement of specialSalt Lake City in August symbolties, of specific interests; that ized what could happen if knowlthese will come in the early coledge, technology (such as control

lege years, rather than insisting on of earthcircling satellites), and "filling all the groups"first. Secleadership could all be concen- "THE ENVOY"

isondary It education trated at now "filling one spot. would make TWO PANT SUITSthe logical university groups."deThe for economics enterspace

partments, including those in the prise in the twentyfirst century to a zcmi exclusive former liberal arts and sciences, be based on international as well as made especially are rapidly becoming quasipro- national systems. It would make for missionaries

fessional schools. General, liberal logical sociology for men to strive

education is being diffused through to solve their problems and con- $89.95*

the mass media as well as by the flicts, among nations, by law and You'll never again be satisfied with university specialists in those peaceful means. But who and what any other suit! Of the finest miracle

fields. Language, of course, will and how will decency, kindness, pressed fabric, The Envoy has an

continue to be fundamental. But gentility, civility, and love be nurantee.unconditional"Mid weight'twoyearfor wearyear roundguarthe extension of language power tured among mankind? By macomfort; does not spo<; jnder normal

through computer printouts, electerialists? How will we kindle and wear. Solids, checks, stripes and

tric circuitry, loudspeakers, teleencourage the greater spiritual overplaids;and shorts. regular, longs, extra longs

vision, and mass media may values? Who was it that said man *check with us for our missionary discount

provide some interesting chaldoes not live by bread alone? ZCMI BUDGET STORES MENS SUITS - all stores

lenges to schoolteachers who beOne small step for a man on the lieve in the primacy of the printed moon. How do we make small

word. steps for men to live together on

A case or two in point: Who is the earth?

the California, Senator Mr. from accomplishment The moon inHEARING AIDS

George Murphy, he spires. It provided and how did an atmosphere

get there? What was the influence in which the President of the 73 OFF PRICES

of mass media and film on the United States could go abroad in LARGEST SELECTION of tiny, career of Governor Ronald Reagan July and August, could speak and eyeglassallin-theear,and behindpocket themodels.ear,

and thereby of the state of Calibe heard as a man among men of gation.FREE HOMEMoneyTRIAL.back Noguaranobli-

Easy tee. payment. down No

dealor salesmen Nofornia? Who are better known in different nations—and probably terms. direct ers. Order save and

America today than Walter Cronbe listened to with greater interest. PRESTIGE, Dept. D-57, Box 657c10947,WriteHouston,for freeTex. catalog.77018.

kite, Frank Reynolds, Huntley and It is well that this was done and

Brinkley? Of course, some good done as well as it was done. INDIAN INRECORDSTEREOALBUMS

English or journalism or political Dr. Billy Graham, however, has Original music of the Lamanites—12science majors help produce the been credited with pointing out GoFromMytheSonEagle's Bed Songs—14 Songs

$4.50 each 2 for $8.50

Blue Eagle Records Box 330 University Station Provo, Utah 84601 October 1969 83 something that bears repetition in such circumstances in such times as these.

In the burst of enthusiasm marking the astronauts'safe return and their landing on the Hornet, Mr.

Nixon termed their achievement the greatest event since the Creation. Such enthusiasm, delivered

without a script or TelePrompter, is understandable. But Dr. Graham

suggested there were at least three events since the Creation of greater importance: the first Christmas,

the event of the first Good Friday, and the first Easter.

All Christians cannot help but agree. The incarnation, the human death and resurrection,

reuniting the mortal body with the immortal spirit, conveys meaning, if true, far beyond a 240,000mile trip to the moon and back. Such

faith gives meaning to the great journey. For nonChristians, it can

be suggested that such faith ennobles the concept of man, ennobles it beyond anything suggested in the brilliant achievements of

NASA. Faith and belief in man's

godlike origins, his godlike mission and aspirations will support and sustain tolerance in the midst of centralization, pluralism, and freedom in education, and encourage life's pursuits in an expanding universe. The astronauts'

message, "We came in peace for all mankind,"was, after all, a literary echo of an earlier message from outer space to earth, heard in the Judean hills. It still is

struggling to be heard: "Peace on

earth; good will toward men."

The true meaning of those words is worth thinking about in these times: "Peace on earth; good will

toward men."Without belief in

God, what man will take even a

Produced by small step, save in his own selfEDUCATIONAL MEDIA SERVICES interest,broadly conceived?whether Thisnarrowlyis someor

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY thing to think about every time

AVAILABLE THROUGH YOUR LOCAL LDS DEALER we view the moon from now on. Q

or from Educational Media Services, Brigham Young University,

Provo, Utah 84601

84 Improvement Era A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price

Part 8 (Continued)

Km

Facsimile No.l, by the Figures

By Dr. Hugh Nibley

wouldn't the big They be good passes Horushawk Mr. Jones: between of nine pylons. on a row 272 In our

if Egyptians they earth the didn't break heaven, 207 and by which the 24niche archaic tombs, incidentally, rule sometimes, but the rule is there, spirits pass between worlds above there were always nine niches on a all right. In the Joseph Smith Papyand below: "This communication,"side with three at either end, so this

rus No. 1, ten doors are clearly drawn. wrote Lacau, "was one of the great probably harks back to the ancient

So everything is in order. But are preoccupations of the Egyptian. The form, and there cannot be the slightest

these the pillars of heaven? Dr. Merstele was the instrument of this comdoubt that the row of gates is supposed

cer scoffed at the idea when he wrote, munication."2GS In the first chapter of to be supporting the heavens. In many

11 represents "Figure rather the pillars the of the Book before is gateand-pillar designs Dead we stand the top rim of 'the pillars "2G; 'the of heaven.'earth than of gate the underworld,269 but who decorated with stars, that showing the

But where, I ask you, do the Egyptians is the figure in the tomb of Seti I pillars are supporting the heavens. 2"

speak of "the pillars of earth"? between the uplifted arms of whose Dick: You say that the Egyptians

Dick: Didn't they have the djedKa-crown are five of our gates? It is don't talk about the pillars of earth, as

pillars? Shu, the god of the upper regions, and far as you know. Do they ever talk

pillars Mr. Jones: If Egyptian any holds are he what the pylons of pillars the the about of heaven?

270 as pillars could qualify of. earth, the heavens. Their nature is clearly and Jones: Mr. Indeed they do, and they

fourin-one djedpillar, as the symbol unmistakably indicated on two porleave us in no doubt as to what they of enduring solidity, would be it—it has table shrines, depicted on the walls of refer to. An inscription in the temple

its place in the Osiris cult and the the great temple of Anion at Karnak. of Amenophis III at Luxor tells how

underworld, yet that would seem to be One shows Rameses III as four men the temple's "pylons reach to heaven, secondary, for Professor Bonnet is standing in a row supporting the symjoining themselves with the stars."

emphatic in his conclusion that the bol for heaven (pt) with upraised arms. This is "a* stereotyped expression,"271

original and only function of the The arrangement and attitude of the and here is another: "Its pylons reach

djed is to portraits, symbol denote four compound to the in which Pharaoh pillars like the four heaven of heavthe pillars of heaven. recently 260 Very appears a priest once as en. three tall and..."Also the cedar flagpoles

W. Kornfeld has reexamined the djedtimes as king, show that he is meant that flanked the pylons were said to

pillar and found it to be the prehisto represent the four Sons of Horus reach the stars. 275 Such expressions

toric symbol of durability both of the supporting the sky; the figures all make it perfectly clear that the temple

temple itself and of the dynasty that stand on a palacefacade design with pylons, going back to the old palace erected it; as such it always has a the familiar row of pylons. facade, were, in the words of the Book

cosmic, astral significance, and is to be Jane: How many gates are there? of Abraham, "designed to represent the

identified of the the pylons with temMr. as pillars Just Jones: the artist of heaven, as many as understood by the

ple 2GGa Busiris city facade. is the of for. the has reaches room the Egyptians."he feature of Another When the

(i/edpillars, which play a prominent end of his space he does not hesitate palace facade was the "window of role both in the coronation of the king to cut one of the gates neatly in two, apparition."

and in the raising of Osiris from the making 16 J/2 in all. 271 In the other Jane: What was that?

dead; the "raising of the Djedsymbol"picture a later Pharaoh appears as three Mr. Jones: A ceremonial window -

represents the establishing of the kings—the priest is missing this time andbalcony arrangement to provide a

worldorder, since the multiplepillar supporting the heavensymbol in the theatrical appearance for the Pharaoh symbol itself stands for the cosmic identical manner of Rameses, only this and the royal family. The window was

thatsupports extend from earth the pisign to time stars a sort is adorned with stage of elevated the great above 2G6bheaven. Since Mercer's day the king himself and the gate; is a there heavenly to the king would appear

palacefacade and serekh design have being, "beloved of AmonRe,"as the his worshipful subjects in the court come to be understood in a new inscription says, "endowed with life below, to cast down golden gifts among light: it represents the gate by which like Re."The three kings here stand them in the manner of the beneficent

October 1969 85 Concerning Facsimile 1, Figure 12, "Raukeeyang, signifying expanse, or the firmament over our heads; but in this case, in

relation to this subject, the Egyptians meant it to signify Shaumau, to be high, or the heavens, answering to the Hebrew word

Shaumahyeem."While "Shaumahyeem"is

given as a Hebrew word, no indication is given of the origin of "Raukeeyang"and is put forth as Egyp- "Shaumau"—neither

tian, no and it needs to demonstration show that both of them, written with meticulous care to indicate pronunciation, are meant to be Hebrew.

(A) Here the zigzag lines represent the expanse of the heavens. The inscription above

the head of the deity with upraised arms tells us that it is Nu, supporting the Sunbark as it passes over the heavenly sea. In

Nu the primordial waters and "the firmament over our heads"were always identified by the Egyptians. In the careful and accurate drawing of the zigzag series, guidelines were obviously used, but not drawn

in as they are in the small and hasty sketch of Facsimile 1.

(B) Here a series of five bands of zigzag lines is plainly meant to indicate the waters of life. Exactly such a series is represented

in Figure 12.

(C) When the artist does not pay sufficient attention to the guidelines, the zigzags get out of line, as can be seen from the right end of this panel. Note also the line of

doors or pylons below as in Facsimile 1,

Figure 11, and the indication of human sacrifice in the beheaded figures.

(D) Here we see a crocodile surrounded by zigzags, exactly as in.Figure 12. This carving, from the Middle Kingdom, demonstrates

both the antiquity of the motif and the difficulty that artists had with keeping their zigzags neat and regular without the aid of guidelines. That is why the scribe of

Facsimile 1, Figure 12, not interested in producing a work of art, did not hesitate to draw in the horizontal lines to enable him to finish the zigzags in a hurry.

There is no doubt whatever that Figure 12 represents water and that the Egyptians always thought of the "expanse, or the firmament over our heads,"or the high heavens to be a vast sea of water. The

Egyptians thought of two such primordial seas, one above and one below the earth, meeting at the horizon. The concept is perhaps reflected in the word Shaumahyeem,

which is a dual.

that is, at the gate of the temple [was] have seen Egyptian inspiration in the as crowned with a line of what look... conceived as the entrance of the two lotuscrowned pillars, Boaz and like the classic doubleaxe symbols

Sunking into his 'Heaven,'i.e. the Jakin, that flanked the main entrance the wellknown thunderaxe found

temple,"as W. Spiegelberg puts it. 2"to Solomon's temple;2S1 the latest study throughout the ancient world. 283 It has

Egyptian temples were so orientated of these concludes that "the sun must been suggested that they originated as that the sun actually rose directly behave risen between the columns at the two lotuses bound together to recall tween the pillars of the main pylon on Equinoxes,"and that they "were symthe uniting of a prehistoric kingdom in a certain day, so that the pylons "are bols of the cosmic pillars,"being dethe Delta, but they were early connot a purely abstract free theological rived from the templepillows and fused with the wellknown thunder speculation,"but a physical arrangeobelisks of the Heliopolis. 2Sla And here emblem. 2513 Also, the pylons are often

86 Improvement Era I,. >

.:,- '! i '.J J tl I '

*. *. fir -*i >/ n M?

IHMHflffa&f?

covered with zigzag designs which Dick: It looks more like water, if hatched lines, the strokes moving in

sometimes represent woven screens but you ask me. contrary directions to give a zigzag

are sometimes quite obviously water Mr. Jones: And water is exactly what effect, and upon this mass of zigzags

symbols, showing the lifegiving waters it is supposed to be. Any doubt about the heavenly bark is sailing. It is very

descending from heaven. 2S4 We that is removed by a fragment from neatly done, for this was being put on

mustn't get too involved with this sort an XI Dynasty tomb which shows the wall of a great king's funeral chamof symbolism—it would take us all just such a crocodile as this one against ber, the horizontal bands are perfectly

over the world. But it is in order, I just such a zigzag background as that straight, and the hatchingstrokes perthink, to point out that the line of shown here. 2SG These horizontal rows fectly even and regular—it was all

pillars that we always associate with of hatchings in alternating directions done with rulers, though the guidelines 2SS temples calledGreek were the kiona are invisible. a are today Egyptian In a of showsubsequent way common

28 "'pillarsourania, "the of heaven."scene, artist waters. tried big ing of the however, Cenotaph to do On the

But I think we have said enough to Seti I they are used to depict the waters the job freehand, and though he was make it clear that it is quite correct of the cosmic ocean. 2S7 But the most very skillful, he got tired before he

and proper to refer to the line of pylons instructive parallels to our papyrus, I finished and his horizontal zigzag in Papyrus No. 1 as "representing the think, are found in the tomb of Ramestrips got all out of line. 289 Now the

pillars of heaven."ses IX. Here in one scene we find above artist of Papyrus No. 1 was not making

Jane: But if they are the pillars of just such a series of pylons as our "pil- a carefully supervised adornment for

heaven, then all those zigzaggy lines lars of heaven"just such another series an everlasting royal memorial but above them must be heaven! of five long horizontal bands of merely dashing off a small freehand

October 1969 87.

sketch, so to get his five lines of hatchthese hatched horizontal strips were crocodile is no less necessary to repreing straight he does not hesitate to meant by the Egyptians to signify. The sent the ancient opposition in all

draw in guide lines. The neat way explanation adds a special, secondary things; the lion is (in early Jewish

would have been to use a ruler, but meaning to the design, and explains and Christian parlance) the relentless that would also have been the hard that this is not the ordinary one: force that consumes all material

way, and there can be no doubt that "... but in this case, in relation to things; the lotus is the symbol of the

the same waters are being represented this subject, the Egyptians meant it to righteous man's pilgrimage through a in the papyrus as in the tomb. signify Shaumau, to be high...."hostile and dangerous world—every-

]ane: What waters? That is, they wanted to emphasize in thing has a meaning, and the pillars

the special context one particular and expanse of heaven remove the this transient world story from heavens—their height whole

relationship to the eternal to its proper"There is nothing to aspectand aloofness.of the

—justDick:pickWouldout certainthe Egyptiansthings likedo thatthat planlookingof atthings. That's one way of exclude any of the from all the rest? it. FOOTNOTES

Mr. Jones: They were up to that sort S. Mercer, in Utah Survey, Vol. 1, p. 18.

of thing all the time., Here is a votive ""H.aooaW.Bonnet,Kornfeld,Reallexikon,in Zt. f. A.pp.T. 150,Wiss.,153.Vol. 74,

offering of Rameses interpretations given statuary II depictpp.7J56f.Bennett, in Jnl. Eg. Arch., Vol. 53, p. Egyptian combination ing a typically

of a solar disk, a child, a reed, and a 166.mF. Lacau, in Rev. d'Egyptol., Vol. 19

SWA. Piankoff,pp. 42f. Shrines of Tutankhamon, pp. by Joseph Smith..."falcon.Dick: DoYouyoumeanget thethatmessage?each figure 93f(1960),

symbolizes something? RamesesAbove, n. Ill's248. Temple, Pt. Ill (Univ. of

Mr. Jones: It goes farther than that Chicago, Or. Inst. Publ, Vol. 74.

Ibid. Mr. Jones: Ah, that is just the point.—the composition actually spells out a 373Thus E. Naville, Temple of Deir elBahari,

realize Pt. cxlviii, cxlix, el, Egyptian Pt. V, PI. would name. A smart that ship the Notice is sailing on

etc.; Borchardt. des Dascxxxviii,Grabmal Koenings I, W.and child sundisk the that the was Ra-, it in the tombdrawings; the waters Sahure, (Leipzig, PI. Bd. II, E. 1913), J. 45;

child), for Quibell, at Egyptian (an 1 Excavations Saqqarah, -mesword Vol. is the solar bark, the heavenly and

PI. 57. (1926), -ses. reed the and sunbefore the kneels deity huge Spiegelberg, in who Trav., Rec. Vol. 20 W.

course; of Spelling Rameses, line Dick: (text p. p. 45, 41, 11). (1898), is ship center of in the disk the Shu zIbid., line p. 46n.(p.xix42, T. Dombart, 22); the doing? what's hawk of but of the not himself, lower but the god in Religion, 1 Egyptian Vol. p. 98. (1933),

signifies, poles as according the well as represented pylons to The the Mr. Jones: He spaces. These'are the waters the upper

supports of heaven, see Nibley, H. in Western places "that Rameses heavens. primordial the You Stadelmann, of Nw, Political Quarterly, Vol. 19 p. 604, (1966),

the for of protection the under himself it recall heavthat from these was may dramatic representation most 2T6Thereferences. the just as Horon,"Eastern god Near crocodile emerged the that waters enly scene famous from the tomb of Eye, R. Lepsius.is the

style III, 4th Denkmaler, 103-9. kings (whose of the Dynasty Re. of the sungod in the And manner

is design discussed Hoelscher, 277The U. by is to place used here) imitated being the course, of were, these by matched in Ztschr., Aeg. Vol. 4351. 67 pp. (1931), 292 here in Spiegelberg, Horus. 2'W. Ztschr., themselves So Aeg. under Vol. we 53 underworld. of waters the

101. p. (1917), the again, with in are back Canaan course"? "of Dick: Ibid., 99101. Why pp.

is There charades. playing Jeremiiis, in 280F. Chantipie, Egyptians der Lehrbuch spends ]ones: the sun Because Mr.

I, Religionsgeschichte 618. (1927), the to all exclude at any of nothing in his the heavens and above time half les Jequier, sur Considerations Religions -G,

Smith interpretations p. Egyptiennes, given the by Joseph 88f, relating 92, pp. must half heavens in the

of to the Bull cf.Heaven. I, in to Papyrus and pylons the various figures below—he2S9a Everynegotiate both by ship. cit., 5053. op. 281aKornfeld, Cf. Count pp.

I'm substantiate them. deal to Religs., great Hist. in Vol. Buisson, Rev. M. du of a De out that comes water knows body

pillars 44f, of discusses the 169, pp. who any of for a minute that claiming not of the out and below from the ground associating in general, in East the Near heaven

that this especially is proven, but the heavenly lion, with them I am claiming pp. above. from heavens The Egyptians

4548. the Prophet experts condemned who sophisticated very ways the devised some ***Y, in Vol. Aharoni, Archaeology, 18

of describing these heavenly phenowithout a hearing were not playing a (1965), p. 18.

mena, of which Professor Anthes very honest game. above.IllustrationsThe lotus mayorigin beof foundthe designin noteis appar273

anybody would B. But Jane: bring ent in Emery, Archaic Egypt, p. 178, why W. "If Egyptian simple wanted wrote, any

Fig. Fig. 103. p. and 100, 181, the expanse of pillars and heaven the as actual pictures images these to view illustrated in strikingly:i8iMost of The Tomb

of the heavens, he would necessarily of heaven into this particular Abraham Pepi II, PI. xxii, xxvii, 15, 17, 19ff, in G. Jebecome totally confused."290 We can episode? quier,and 1933,Fouillesp. 13.a SaqqarahWhen the(Serv.zigzagsAntiq.,are 1936),drawn

of horizontally have a pillar, the whole length Because sticking Mr. what down Jones: we to one avoid confusion by

the in Bonnet, meaning H. a is of telling the not merely here established firmly and wellknown Bilderatlas (Leipzig, zuris unmistakable,Religionsgeschichte

idea, namely, that the Egyptians story, but the placing of that story in 1924), No. 137. With the 15 pylons in the

started out with the common sense its proper context of timeless signifiscription:Tomb of Puymere,"Thy motherVol. bestows2, PI. Ix,thegoeswatersthe inof

conception of heaven as "a flood, cance. What happens to Abraham and heaven in her capacity of ssht of heaven."Cf.

spreading its expanse of blue waters what he does is of enduring effect in Coffin285J. TextsTrumpf,(DeinBuck),Hermes,I, 26364.Vol. 86 (1958).

above the earth,"the lady Nut and the the history of the whole human race, pp. 131f.

Hathor cow, though quite "primitive,"past, present, and future. He is one of elBahari2;*>Ed. Naville,(Eg. Expl.The XlthFund.,Dyn.1907),TemplePartatI,DeirPI.

being "nothing else but personificathose key figures in whom all the xvi, D.

tions"of this "great Flood."201 This events of the past are brought into Abydos2S"H. Frankfort,(Eg. Expl.TheSoc,Cenotaph1933), ofVol.Seti2, I PI.at

remained the basic Egyptian theory of focus as by a burningglass, and whose xlix.

Inst. in Fr. Arch. Or., 2S*R. Guilmont, Mem.

7175. 6567, 63, the firmament forever after—it was a actions are in turn projected into the Vol. 15 (1907), PI.

vast expanse of waters, the very waters future as an everexpanding image. Hbid., PI. lxxv.

depicted in the tombdrawings and in What we see here is a moment of "See2MR. Anthes,above, inNoteMitt.149.rf. Dt. Or. Ges., 96:

our identical design in the Joseph immeasurable significance in the his11-12.

Smith papyrus. "The expanse or firmatory of the race: the messengerbird is aH.2!>-R. Bonnet,Stadelmann,Reallexikon,SyrischPalcstincnsischepp. 302f.

ment over our heads"is exactly what there to represent the Ruler of All; the Gottheiten, p. 87.

88 Improvement Era companied successive retreats of the glaciers..."5 is supported by the tradition that the family suffered terribly

because of the cold, and that Noah on the waters "coughed blood on account of the cold."6 The Jaredites had only

to pass through the tail end of the vast storm cycle of Noah's day, yet for 344 days they had to cope with "mountain waves"and winds that "did never cease to blow."Finally Noah went

forth into a world of utter desolation, as Adam did, to build his altar, call

to see of his all over again, only some to prefer in short order - progeny Satan Setting the Stage upon God, and try to make a go of it

God and lose all the rewards that his toil and sufferings had put in their reach. TheWorld ofAbraham

All of Moses'life was toil and danger, the real, intimate, everpresent danger such as only the Near East can

Part 9: sustain at a high level for indefinite

periods of time. No one would ask to

go through what Lehi did, or Jared and his brother, or Joseph Smith in his dispensation. And the one who sufHard Times Come Again: One of the to the challenges that met him, and fered most of all was the Lord himself,

main objections of the higher critics the wonderful body of covenants and "despised, rejected, a man of sorrows to the patriarchal stories as history was ordinances that he handed on to us. and acquainted with grief."In short,

that they were altogether too idyllic in Let us consider each of these briefly the leaders of the great dispensations their peaceful pastoral setting, which in order. have truly earned their calling and

belonged to the bucolic poets rather Each of the great dispensations of their glory, paying a price that the rest than to the stern realities of life. But the gospel has come in a time of world of the human race could not pay even

as Professor Albright now reminds us, upheaval, when the waywardness of if they would. Preeminent among

the calm pastoral life of the Patriarchs the human race has been matched by these was Abraham, whose life, as the has turned out to be a myth. 1 And the a climactic restlessness of the elements. Rabbis remind us, was an unbroken

myth was invented by the scholars, for When Adam was cast out of the series of supremely difficult tests. 7

neither the Bible nor the Apocrypha Garden of Eden, he found himself, we As in some frightful nightmare, the gives it the least countenance: the are told, in "a sultry land of darkness"narrator ticks off the principal episodes:

world of Abraham that they describe where he was lost and confused,'- "But Sarah was barren; she had no

was little short of an earthly hell. where temporary survival was a matter child (Gen. 11:30).... Get thee out

Furthermore, the peculiar nature of of toil and sweat amidst the allcon- of thy country, and from thy kindred, those terrible times as described in the quering dust—"for dust thou art, and and from thy father's house (12:1)....

written sources is in such close agreeunto dust shalt thou return."(See Gen. going on still toward the south. And

ment with what is turning up in the 3:1719.) Worse still, Satan was on there was a famine in the land (12:9-

excavations that it becomes possible to hand to add to his burdens, deride his 10).... the Egyptians beheld the

assign to Abraham a very real role and, efforts, and make fearful inroads into woman... and the woman was taken

possibly within a short time, a definite the integrity of his progeny. Who but into Pharaoh's house (12:1415)....

date, in history. our first parents could have sustained And Pharaoh... said, What is this

In reconstructing the world of Abrathe appalling "birthshock"of sudden that thou has done unto me?... and

ham, it is customary procedure first to precipitation from one world to anthey sent him away (12:18, 20)....

determine upon an approximate date other, from the presence of God to And the land was not able to bear them for the hero and then to look for things thorns, thistles and dust? 3... and there was a strife (13:6-7)..'..

in the history of that period which fit If we fancy Noah riding the sunny [The kings came and made war.] And

into his career. But since the world of seas high, dry, and snug in the ark, we they took Lot... and his goods (14:1-

Abraham has already been described have not read the record. The long, 2).... I go childless, and the steward

for us in the traditional sources, we hopeless struggle against entrenched of my house is this Eliezer of Damasare going to reverse the process and mass resistance to his preaching, the cus (15:2).... lo, an horror of great

withhold any attempt at dating until deepening gloom and desperation of darkness fell upon him (15:12)....

we have the clearest possible picture the years leading up to the final deMy wrong be upon thee: I have given

of what was going on: then, given bacle, then the unleashed forces of my maid into thy bosom; and... I

enough details and particulars, the nature—the family absolutely terrified, was despised in her eyes: the Lord

dating should pretty well take care of weeping and praying "because they judge between me and thee (16:5)....

itself. What justifies such a course is were at the gates of death,"as the ark Wilt thou also destroy the righteous

the remarkable clarity and consistency was thrown about with the greatest with the wicked?... Oh let not the

of the accounts of the Bible and the violence by terrible winds and titanic Lord be angry (18:23, 30).... lo, the

ancient commentators when they deseas. 1 Albright's suggestions that the smoke of the country went up as the

scribe the physical world of Abraham, Flood story goes back to "the tresmoke of a furnace (19:28).... and

the state of society, Abraham's reactions mendous floods which must have acAbimelech king of Gerar sent, and took

October 1969 89 Sarah (20:2).... they will slay me for an actual event,"in which the island, its brightness."24 We have already seen

my wife's sake (20:11).... And Abrawhich he identifies with Zeberged or that Abraham's contemporaries were

ham rose up early in the morning, and St. John off Ras Benas, was blasted "by singularly devoted to the star Shagreel

took bread, and a bottle of water, and the fall of a meteorite"or by an erup-—Sirius—which they associated with

gave it unto Hagar... and sent her tion... not later than the XII the sun, according to the Book of

away (21:14).... And Abraham reDynasty."11 Even Jewish tradition tells Abraham and other sources. The great

proved Abimelech because of a well of of a time when "great dragonlike mural discovered in 1929 at ElGhassul, water, which Abimelech's servants had monsters had taken over the earth,"thought to be one of the "Cities of until God cut them off suddenly,12 and the Plain"of Abraham's day, is domialso of a "planet"that comes out of nated by a huge and impressive star

Abraham's life was Scorpio and "spews gall and a drop of figure that has been identified with unhealthy blood that fouls the waters both the sun and Sirius and has been of the earth."13 To a great comet that hailed as establishing "the meetingpoint in north periodically the between the two great empiresfilled with "an appeared

in kings East of crops and Egypt "and destroyed celesand Chaldaea, where and West,"the Greeks gave the name tial phenomena played such an imincredibly severe ofthe Typhon,Canaanite11 identifyingResheph, thehimskygodwith Weportantcanroleavoidin thethemoralenticinglife of twilightmen."25

who came from Palestine to Egypt as a zone of science fiction by confining our to meteorite the rushing through minimal time of probation...'fieryheavens13 quite sacred seems and whose symbol was the tion—whichconclusions safe—thatspeculaunusual displays in the shrine. meteorite in his an iron heavens, what10 Now

violently taken away (21:25).... Take Resheph is closely bound up with ever they were, belonged to the general

now thy son, Thine only son Isaac, Abraham, and we are told that "the disturbances of Abraham's restless whom thou lovest,... and offer him stars fought for Abraham"the night he world.

there for a burnt offering (22:2).... marched against the marauding kings, Far more conspicuous in the reports

disturbances. and slew the almighty his enemies are seismic "by I and volcanic a stranger with and a sojourner am

the altar of God."Egyptians power "the Lord 17 The broke down give were, When you: of a buryingme a possession

of the according of the gods convinced of to Wainwright, Elkenah, and place with you, that I may bury my.".. that "destructive falls of meteorites"destroyed land, and utterly them dead (23:4)."

Any one of these crises is enough to were an affliction particularly reserved (Abr. 1:20), it was no doubt in the

break any man's spirit. There are for the wicked.18 same manner in which he dealt with

various standard lists of the classic It has been suggested that the rethe proud and wicked Nephites: "...

"Ten Trials of Abraham,"and while markable interest in stargazing that that great city Moronihah have I covthe later lists are confined to events meets us in the Abraham traditions ered with earth.... I did send down

mentioned in the Bible, the earlier and is so vividly brought home in the fire and destroy them...."(3 Ne.

ones significantly give a prominent Book of Abraham may be the normal 9:5, 11.) Just so in the days of Abraplace to Abraham's imprisonment in result of a period of unusual celestial ham he dealt with Sodom and

Mesopotamia and the attempt to sacridisplays. Thus the Sefer haYashar reGomorrah, which, like the American

fice him. 8 But all are agreed that ports that it was by observing the cities, lay along one of the most active

Abraham's career was an incredibly planets that Abraham was able to calearthquake zones in the world. No

severe time of probation, and that the culate that the earth itself was behavminor catastrophe or the death of a problems he had to face were forced ing erratically on its axis. 19 This single haughty priest would have

upon him largely by the evil times in misbehavior, according to the same caused "great mourning in Chaldea, which he lived. source, had been apparent ever since and also in the court of Pharaoh."

Signs in the Heavens: On the night the days of the Flood and the Tower, (Abr. 1:20.) The overthrow of the

Abraham was born, his father had a since when "the world no longer stood altar and the wide destruction are party to celebrate the event. As the firm, the order of the creation having confirmed by the legends. Just as

guests were leaving the house very late been altered."19 The people of AbraAbraham prayed on the altar, "there

at night, they were astonished at the ham's day believed that "the heaven was a violent upheaval of the heavens sight of a great fireball that came from shifted once every 1656 years,"and and the earth and the mountains and the east at great speed and broke into they devised a means to prevent this all the creatures in them...."26 An

four parts as it passed overhead, the by building a series of towers, of which older account, the PseudoPhilo, says parts seeming to converge as it passed the great Tower was the first; for their that "God sent a great earthquake,

on and out of sight. There have been folly Abraham denounced them. 20 This and the fire gushed forth of the furnace

times of intensified meteoric showers is supposed to be the first time that and brake out into flames and sparks in history, and Abraham's time seems the planets had been disturbed since of fire and consumed all them that to have been one of them. G. Lanczkowthe days of Adam: "Before the Fall stood around about... 83,500 of them.

ski has pointed out significant resemthe planets moved with greater speed But upon Abraham there was not any blances between the Genesis account and in shorter orbits than after."21 In least hurt by the burning of the fire."27

of the destruction of Sodom and Abraham's day, Jupiter is said to have The attempted sacrifice is sometimes

Gomorrah in Abraham's day and the changed its orbit,22 and even the fixed placed at the site of the Tower, in famous Egyptian tale of the shipstars were troubled: "Because men had northern Mesopotamia, where the rites

wrecked sailor, who was told by a perverted the order of life, God altered are interrupted "by a vast burst of great serpent how his whole race was the order of nature: Sirius became irroaring flame,"which destroys many

wiped out by a huge flaming star that regular and two stars were removed people and saves Abraham, but does fell upon their island home. 10 Of this, from their places."23 Egyptian observers not bring the people to repentance. 28

G. Wainwright asks "whether the deseem to say that Sirius was earlier a The traditions consistently associate

tail of. the destruction of the serpents variable star, "ruling all the other earthquakes with fires bursting from

may not be the romanticized record of stars,"wrote Horapollo, "as it changes the earth, as at Sodom and Gomorrah,

90 Improvement Era which were overthrown while fire enan earthquake while Abraham is visittime in the second millennium B.C.,

veloped them from above and below ing there. 37 Carrying things to exand concluding that the best solution

(see Gen. 19:2425): "the rivers of the tremes, the Apocalypse of Abraham to the problems of the stories of Lot

region turned to bitumen, we are told, reports that when as a youth he was and Abraham in Genesis 19 is to regard and the ground became sulphurous and one day leaving his father's house, them as real history. 48 While R. Graves

burned, while the five cities on their "therewas a great clap of thunder, fire and R. Patai observe that "the shallow

elevations were all toppled over."2 "fell from heaven and burned up Thera, basin south of the Lisan (the tongue

Earthquakes, fumeroles, fissures, rumhis house and all that was in it for of land that protrudes into the Dead blings, sulphurous smells, etc., all go 40 ells around."38 This seems to reSea from the east) may once have

together in the story, as they do in flect the story of the death of Haran, been a plain encroached upon by salt nature. 30 "For 52 years,"according to who got involved with the idol worwater after severe earthquakes about

a wellknown tradition, "God warned ship of his father and suffered death 1900 B.C.,"they would explain away

the godless"by a series of preliminary as a substitute for Abraham while trythe fire from heaven as a description rumblings and quakings; "he made ing to extinguish supernatural fires. 39 of "the intense summer heat."49 An

the mountains to quake and tremble, One report has it that Nimrod sacrieasier explanation would be those fires but they hearkened not to the voice of ficed his victims in inextinguishable which, according to seismologists, are admonition."31 The last 25 years were fires of petroleum, which Abraham always the main cause of destruction

particularly ominous, with the earth nonetheless extinguished.40 All in all, when cities suffer earthquake.

subsiding and quaking almost continufire and earthquake go well together A century ago B. Beer listed a numally. 32 All through the life of Abrain the Abraham traditions: "... and ber of ancient sources reporting the

ham, even before the fall of the Cities the fiery furnace fell down, and Abrarather sudden formation of the Dead of the Plain, we meet with earthquakes. ham was saved."41 "In Abraham's Sea. 50 Yet until recently scholars have

The Abraham cycle includes the traday,"says the Clementine Recognirejected the whole story as impossible.

dition that onethird of the Tower tions (1:32), "the world was afflicted "Critical scholarship,"writes F. Corwas swallowed up by the earth and by fire, which beginning at Sodom, nelius, "insists emphatically that the

onethird was burned by fire from threatened to destroy the entire world."inhabitants of Sodom and Gomorrah

heaven.33 The Pearl of Great Price After the destruction of Sodom and are purely fantasy"; yet it now appears

itself tells us that when Enoch led the Gomorrah, Abraham had to leave his that the Jordan Valley is a very active people of God against their enemies, beloved Mamre, because the entire earthquake zone, and Cornelius calls "the earth trembled, and the mountains region had been completely blighted attention to disturbances that afflicted fled... and the rivers of water were by the catastrophe. 42 All plant life was the whole ancient world about the

turned out of their course; and the roar destroyed, and seeds transplanted from middle of the seventeenth century B.C.,

of the lions was heard out of the Sodom would not grow anywhere. 43 when "an enormous earthquake de-

..."wilderness, all nations Lot's feared. daughters, and wonder palaces, the Cretan in stroyed hiding Ugarit No and

is a cave,(Moses 7:13.) tradition thought they "51 "It Jewish is quite Alalah VII possible,"the only The were

that in the days of "Enos,"when men surviving mortals.44 "The entire landhe notes, "that the southern end of

started to worship idols, the mountains scape was desolation; there were almost the Dead Sea, a plain which is only

on which men once farmed became no travellers; everything stopped."45 4 to 6 metres under the level of the

broken up, rocky, and no longer Archaeology confirms the general sea, was formed at the time of Sodom arable.34 The passage from the Book picture of disaster in Abraham's time. and Gomorrah."Though there is no

of Moses reads like an accurate de- "Our archaeological discoveries in the lava in the area, "the ignition of earth scription of the great Assam earthquake Negeb,"wrote Nelson Glueck, "are in gases among the tarpits (Asphaltsee) is of 1955—including even the "roar of harmony with the general historical virtually unavoidable in an earthlions... out of the wilderness."When background of the accounts in Genesis quake,"such as is described in GeneAbraham's grandfather Nahor was 70 12, 13 and 14."Southern Canaan right sis 19. 51 A. Parrot speculates that

and his people had become confirmed to Sinai is marked by many sites of "Sodom was destroyed perhaps by an idol worshipers, there was another great permanent settlements and caravan earthquake accompanied by a sinking earthquake, so violent that all the stopping places, reminding one that of the groundlevel, which caused a people fell down unconscious—but for "all the plain of Jordan... was well moderate extension of the Dead Sea

all that they only increased in their watered every where, before the Lord which could have submerged the wickedness. 35 destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, cities."52 He suggests that we take

One of the bestknown stories of the even as the garden of the Lord, like seriously the notoriously persistent childhood of Abraham tells how the the land of Egypt, as thou comest unto place names of the desert, which still boy's father, out of patience with his Zoar."(Gen. 13:10.) Then suddenly designate features of the region as "Mt.

son's lack of respect for the king's claim "all of these sites are destroyed at the Sodom"(Djebel Usdum), Zoar, etc.,

to divinity, took him to the palace for end of the Abrahamitic period, and for remembering that St. Jerome, who lived

a personal interview with Majesty, the most part were not reoccupied ever in Palestine, reported that the latter hoping the boy would be properly imagain or not until at least 1000 years, village was actually swallowed up by pressed. Just as the father and son and in most cases... not until 2000 an earthquake in his day. 52 The fate of

entered the throne room, there was a years had elapsed."46 In Ghassul, the Sodom and Gomorrah reminds us of

short and violent earthquake, which only City of the Plain that has been the account in the Iliad XXI, 139204, shook the throne and threw all the located so far, "everything was ruined of how Hephaestus dried up the river courtiers off their feet. This shattered completely by an earthquake."47 Otto Scamander and chased the Greeks out

their dignity, and the king, impressed Eissfeldt, one of the most sober and of the place, with a mighty flame.53

by the coincidence of the tremor with cautious of scholars, believes that the The fact that earthquakes of appalling the appearance of Abraham, cried, story of Sodom is "a very obscure and violence have occurred within that "Truly thy God, Abraham, is a great distorted memory of a real historical very area within the last few years is a and mighty god, and he is the King occurrence,"noting that a great earthreminder that the disasters described, if of all Kings."36 In another version it quake actually did take place at the not the mythical beings, who personify

is Pharaoh's palace that is shaken by southern end of the Dead Sea sometheir destructive wrath, can have been

October 1969 91 quite real. That such disturbances the fields, and depopulates the cities prove, and Noah himself sought to

reached a peak in Abraham's lifetime and the holy places, "like a field desoimprove conditions by inventing plows, is implied by the tradition that after late after the harvest."59 The Egyptians sickles, axes, and other agricultural

60 state left us literature of the because reof have machinery. a whole and of him him Next, when men

1 stable/"vividly describing lamentation the nature to evil remained has verted "during more of the the time

Great natural disasters do not come dire circumstances that attend the hot scattering from the Tower, the time

it are desert singly. the volcanoes at of winds low Niles Earthquakes and did wrath, God's and

great storms. times ultrastable great the govregularly even accompanied winds. dry winds by were not rain"—the07 In the when

ernment of Egypt was shaken to "Lament for Ur"we are told how "the pieces/'Even the Flood story of the good storm, Nannaer, is driven out of

The world of AbrahamEgyptians,back to far accordingdistant climaticto Anthes,changing"goes the... land,everywhereand the corpsespeople lieare witheringscattered.

not speculative, but a real experience in the sun; many die of hunger; the

of the human race."01 The best atheat is unbearable; all government a world of tested account of a superstorm, howcollapses, parents desert their chilever, is found on the stele of the dren...,"os Kenan, the son of Enos, is

Pharaoh Amosis. In it, that monarch said to have recorded the great famine

"earthquakes, famine, recounts in a dry, factual manner his that followed the preaching of his tour of inspection of the disaster area: father. 00 Then in the days of Terah,

the face of the land was changed, a just before the birth of Abraham, and trouble"majorland wasvalleyin totalwas formeddarkness,overnight,so muchtheso "Mastemabirds"and [Satan]by the starvingsent ravensbirds andthe "that it was impossible to light a people were robbed of their grain and torch anywhere,"and the most awefruit and "reduced... to destitution."70

Typhon was not only the flaming some aspect of the thing was the total So we find Abraham at the age of meteorite; he was also the bringer of silence that met the king wherever he four (some say 15) driving the birds

great storms and disastrous flood, acwent: "the population sat in total from the fields, but politely explainsilence west, east in the in the reaching and ing the situation to them and Horus while Egyptians, to the cording

3 - his power.'"as understanding had shown he does an amicable after God waters held and back the and Osiris

cleared the skies. 55 The three great Parallels to the Book of Mormon and so. 71 All his life he is escaping from

floods of water, wind, and fire were Abraham 1:20 are no more striking heat, drought, and hunger, or helping

assigned by the old desert sectaries to than the genuinely religious interpreothers to escape from them. Everythe times of Noah, Abraham, and Lot, tation that the pious Amasis puts on where he goes he digs wells and plants

respectively; a tradition kept alive in the event. trees (most of which perish); 72 he inagri- in Shortage: But improvements important vents far more Food it World the that Syrian has Church Old

73 traditions in the cultural and methods, machinery Abraham the conspicuous destroyed the Great when Wind 74 is floods can. storms raging food and the wherever than he and distributes of the generation only AbraTower,

ham was saved. 56 It is interesting that the blasting heat and drought that He undertakes searchand-rescue misAbraham should be made the central bring famine to the scene. In the Book sions for wanderers in the desert when

figure of some of the old stories of the of Abraham, the prophet, even before "it was as hot as the day of judgment, conflict released the people the fires of hell"with having of Ur great of God story of winds, the even Ram the learns tangles earth, with Chaldees, Lord from the the 75 and on the the brothers righteous and Rud, whose language was not confounded at the that there is going to be a famine in marauding bands "amidst dust and

Tower and who wandered back tothe land; and after his escape from the stubble."76 But above all it is in a

ward Eden, makes place for Abraham, altar the famine descends in earnest, ritual capacity that Abraham is infor while Rud may be a Mandaean blighting the whole land of Chaldea. volved in the business of checking heat

form of Jared, Abram has been sug- (Abr. 1:2930.) Leaving the country, and drought. This may seem very

gested for his brother. 57 What made it Abraham, as his first act on crossing strange until we realize that the

easy to confuse the two periods was the border into "Canaan, sacrifices to running of the waters and the temperthe persistent report that Abraham did God, praying "that the famine might ing of the blasting heat is the Hauptindeed have to cope with great winds be turned away from my father's house, motiv of the great yearly ritual and storms—but mostly hot winds. In that they might not perish."(Abr. assemblies of Abraham's day from one

of the famine inhabited the 2:17.) the other even But in Canaan end to of his the grandyear hundredth one

77 is of worse, forcing only got the world. worse and Book The Abraham vessels father the Nahor, opened "God

of the Winds and the gate of the patriarch to go clear to Egypt for food, aware of the strange system in which storms, and a great hurricane swept "for the famine became very grievous."human sacrifice and famine are closely

over the land, carrying away the idols (Abr. 2:21.) Of the ten great famines connected. The ancients, though they

and covering the settlements with to afflict the world, according to Jewknew perfectly well that it was the sandhills which remain to this day."58 ish tradition, the greatest was that in sun that dried up the earth, nevertheThe poetic language is remarkably like Abraham's time, it being the first less attributed the most deadly heat

that of Ether 2:24, "... for the winds worldwide famine/13 Needless to say, and drought to the Dogstar, Sirius,

have gone forth out of my mouth..."hunger was one of the Ten Trials of who in Abraham's day was propitiated

but the reality of the winds is attested Abraham.04 with "the thankoffering of a child,"

in many old Egyptian and Babylonian In the last days of Methuselah, when as "the god of Shagreel."(Abr. 1:10,

sources, such as "The Lament for Ur"men began to apostatize and defile the 9.) It was when famine prevailed in

(Abraham's city?), in which we read earth and steal from one another, God spite of everything that Abraham's

of "the evil winds of Gibil the firepurposely caused the harvests to fail. 05 father decided not to make such an

god... the great heavenstorm with its This tradition is clearly recalled in the offering of his own son: "... a famine

floods, and the hot wind that darkens Pearl of Great Price, Moses 8:3-4. With prevailed throughout all the land of

the sky,"scatters the flocks, lays bare the birth of Noah, things began to imChaldea, and my father was sorely

92 Improvement Era tormented... and he repented of the for the wickedness of her children lessness; and if men persist in worshipevil which he had determined against that have defiled her. (Moses 7:48.) It ing them, it cannot be in spite of that

me, to take away my life."(Abr. 1:30.) was because of wickedness among the quality, but because of it. The sophisBut Abraham's brother, Haran, died people that the birds came to destroy ticated people of Abraham's time

theirin are famine. crops (See Abr. the sanction the a wanted beings of holy Abraham was when 2:1.) We

83 child. toldnot permitted in the while the days of was which at As it was Noah, same time why this one were

the rest of the family survived, but so in the days of Abraham, a very old hundred percent compliant with their numerous legendary accounts have it Christian writing explains, the world own interests and desires, just as that Haran died as an offering in the was ripe for destruction, according to people today search out those scripfire in the place of Abraham. 78 the principle that whenever men fall tures which support their interests and

As we have seen, Abraham's delivery away completely from God, destrucpush the rest aside. As Brigham Young

from the altar in the Land of the tion must follow. 81 Indeed, the people pointed out time and again, the enChaldees is often described as his had sunk so low, says one very old listing of systematic piety in the inescape from the fire or the furnace of source, "that God caused their civilizaterest of private greed and ambition is

Chaldaea, and we are told how at the tion to degenerate back to the stage of the very essence of idolatry. 89 We can

into cast the altar cavedwelling, that he was from cynical and the smartmoment brought Abraham believe and 8 "'latterthe flames, the a lush of the land."people of out sincere became were Abraham's day

and lovely garden. 79 In the most mysAfter the Flood, men were haunted and devout in their idol worship—after

terious episode in all his career, we by an understandable feeling of inseall, Abraham's own father was willing find Abraham driving off birds of prey curity, to overcome which they underto put him to death in support of the from a sacrifice while he is overcome took tremendous engineering projects; system.

with a tardema, which some scholars among these was the famous tower, Move On!: The Bible does not tell

interpret as sunstroke. sn The first altar which was to be the symbol of man's us why Abraham left Ur, 90 but the

Abraham built, according to Abraham ultimate mastery of nature, being so Book of Abraham (1:1-2) clearly im-

2:17, was for an offering and prayer ingeniously designed and solidly conplies that he found the general at-

"that the famine might be turned away structed as to be absolutely safe against mosphere of Mesopotamia unbearable.

from my father's house...."What is flood, fire, and earthquake. Within There are indications that he was

most significant for our study is that the walls of the tower was to be stored swept along to the west with many the "Busiris"type of sacrifice, of which the sum total of man's knowledge of others under the pressure of world our Facsimile No. I is an illustration, the physical universe, enabling him to unrest and political crisis: "When

has the specific object of propitiating meet and master any situation that you see the Powers fighting againstthe heavens in time of drought and might arise—"and it was all done out each other,"says the Midrash, "look

famine. 81 of fear of another flood!"80 A great for the feet of the Messiah. The proof

A World in Trouble: The great inseeconomic boom and commercial exis that in the days of Abraham, becurity of life accompanying major pansion enabled them to undertake cause the great powers fought against

natural upheavals, when men can no "all kinds of engineering projects for each other, greatness came to Abralonger count on the stability of the controlling a dangerous nature, but the ham."91 Recently E. MacLaurin has

earth itself, is not without marked Lord fooled them by altering the course suggested that "the advancing armies psychological effect. A basic teaching of nature and creation."87 That was in of the great Semitic ruler Hammurapi

of the Talmud is that there is a definite Abraham's day: the Nimrod legends are were probably the cause of departure

correlation between the behavior of full of marvelous gadgets and structures from his native city of Abraham."92

man and the behavior of nature. The—superbuildings, mechanical thrones Others emphasize religious reasons: he

universe is so organized, according to and altars, flying machines, and whatwas escaping from the idolatrous rites this, that when man revolts against not. It was a time of great scientific and ceremonies of the fathers, accordGod's plan of operations, to which all and technological progress—-the Abraing to Judith (5:6-8); Thera left Ur

other creatures conform, he finds himham stories, 'including the Book of because he hated the atmosphere of self in the position of one going the Abraham, are unique in their concern the place, says Josephus (Ant. I, 152);

wrong way on a freeway during rush for a scientific understanding of the and when the family moved, Abraham hours: the very stars in their course cosmos, as against a purely religious was in serious trouble with both

fight against him. The blight of nature and moral teaching—but toppling on Chaldeans and Mesopotamians, and

follows the wickedness of man in every the edge of destruction: those hot winds finally had to leave the country alage. Thus, when Adam fell, an angel were breathing down everybody's neck. together (I, 157). He left for the west,

cut down all the trees of the Garden In desperation, men turned to woraccording to the PseudoPhilo (VII, but one; when Abel was murdered, shiping idols. Why idols, of all things, 1-4), because his homeland had beall the vegetation in the world withered in a scientific age? It was "because come completely degenerate, and beuntil Setb was born, when it bloomed in the whole world the people were cause he had become disgusted with

again; but when men started worshipwithout a teacher or a lawgiver or any the tower building and the whole

ing idols in the time of Abraham's one who could show them the way of business.

greatgrandparents, "the sea rose along truth...."8S Of course, there was The religious background of Abrathe whole eastern Mediterranean seaAbraham, but they didn't want him, ham had been Babylonian, "Chaldean"

board, flooding onethird of the land and precisely therein lay the converather than Egyptian, and that at a from Akho to Jaffa"; and when in the nience of having idols. Even when the time, as F. Cornelius puts it, "when

last days of Methuselah men again boy Abraham argued with his father Babylonian religious degeneracy was defiled the earth, God caused all the that the idols were blind, dumb, and flooding the Syrian regions."93 It was

harvests to fail. 8 - This same philosophy helpless, as any one could see, and to escape this spreading miasma, some

is strikingly expressed in the Book of therefore could not possibly help have maintained, that Abraham fled

Moses of the Pearl of Great Price, esothers, Terah stuck to his idol busito the purer air of the west. 94 While

pecially in the seventh chapter, where ness. The one salient, outstanding, on a return visit to Haran after 15

we even hear the earth itself, personiuniversal, undeniable characteristic of years in Canaan, according to one fied as "the mother of men,"weeping all idols is their utterly passive helpstory, Abraham was terribly shocked

October 1969 93 thistles, of thorns, dust in and Gen. 3:1719 the general by immorality of the old tionis indication of a clear conditions. drought Pero 4 for the simpler I, and yearned town home S.d.J., Gorion, Bin 186.

'>r cit., op. this discussed p. 86. We frontier life of Canaan. Roman 'A Jaredites. 5TheAlbright,World of the

soldier with a eye a keen and sound in aMidrash Rabbah, (H. Freed11 XXXII,

trsl., 256). head has left us a description of the man's

Zeitalter Bohl,I, Abrahams, pp. 35f.

hot, sultry, mosquitoand lionridden SB.i F. Beer, (Leipzig, Abraham's Leben 1859),

190ff; Goldin, Rabbi p. Nathan, 132; J. district with its of Harran, voluptuous, pp.

loc. list T. Boehl, the older Friedrich, carefree, inhabitants, immoral lander, Pirke Eliezer, cit.;de is Ch.in G. Rabbi 26, pp.

18792. his reand though account is as far

o Sefer haYashar 18a20b, and b. Gorion,

it as from Abraham's moved day II, is S.d.J., 2628.

io d. in dt. Ztsch. G. Lanczkowski, Morgenstill this from particular our own,

Ges., laendische Vol. 257f. 105 pp. (1955),

of the has East""unchanging 11 in A. Wainwright, G. Journal Egyptian of CINE ww corner Archaeology, Vol. 285. 32 p. (1946), indeed remained unchanged even down

12 I, B. S.d.J., Gorin, 12.iS!i#*- NONCAFFEINE to times, as our A. Parrot strikingly has 13 Ibid., II, 310.

90 14 Astrologia, of Hephaestius Thebes, XXIV, to demonstrated. ancient the The Ur DRINK HOT in Hist. Relig. T. Aegypt., Pontes Hopfner, start delicious nourishing the to and day way A its south has described been by 562. p. like children for family. the Adults whole and

15 in Jnl. Vol. Eg. Arch., Wainwright, G. 18 in excavators of flavor grains. delicious as the the the wholesome terms same much

161. p. (1932), fix just boiling water to Simple add and—cities are great the of the contemporary 16 Ibid., in Ztschr. Aeg. p. 160, and f. it serve! too! for at Economical, your Look

44. Vol. Sprache, p. 71 (1935), faIndus Valley their discoverers: vorite they by market.

17 cit., op. Beer, 30. p.

to depressing places were 18 Jnl. Arch., Eg. Vol. 166. In p. 18, live—huge, For Free Samples

19 II, S.d.J., Gorion, 185. Bin ugly, rich, geometrical, monotonous, for Postage Handling 10c and Send

20 R. Vol. 396f; Jewish Encyclopedia, 2, pp. sultry, joyless metropolises. Eisler, Rasileus Icsous (Heidelberg, 1930), World Foods

108. p. 2, But Abraham's did not Canaan Division Foods, Inc. of Holly World offer Vol.21 I, 104. Bin Gorion,

for long. escape pros-. South ".. 7th West The fabulous 2520 22 shifting its position from west to

east,"Ibid., II, 185. that means; whatever Salt Lake City, Utah perity cities 4119 of of the the Plain turned

23 Ibid., I, 206. 97 little into too them Babylons. The Juillard 24 I, Fancy Foods 3. Eratosthenes Horapollo, Hieroglyph.

its Sirius says gets the fact Inc. that Division from Holly Foods, of name World of "city only yet discovered, the Plain"

its brightness kine- (dia ten phlogos changes Street Townsend 310 ElGhassul, displays astonishing luxury., sin to refer twinkling, hardly which can

California Francisco, San 94107 stars since. other. ) just as T. twinkle much, sophistication, style and the being

Relig. Hist. Fontes Aegypt., 760. p. Anywhere Wholesale We rather Babylonian Egyptian, than and Hopfner, i, 25 I, in A. Mallon, Melanges 59. Maspero,

5 cases prepaid 26 Minimum Tha'labi, Qissas (Cairo, alAnbiyah 1340 in apparently a "already state of de54. p. Write for Information its just before cadence"destruction by A.H.), 27 Biblical Antiquities VI, 17. of Philo,

9S in Quarterly 28 L. Vol. Jewish Review, Cohn, earthquake. an

Some have explained Abraham's de10,29p.Bin286.Gorion, S.d.J., II, 238.

ho cit., op. 288f. Cohn, pp. to test parture as the a simply west

31 L. Ginzberg, Vol. 1, Legends the Jews, of he told migrated because him God to p. 253.

m> 32 cit., op. 41. Beer, p. it If it do so. severe a test, a was was

33 Ibid., n. for also sources; 9, bin 84, p. one: Professor Albright recently has II, Gorion, Sefer haYashar, Ch. 2231; 59;

Eliezer, B. Sanh. P. R. 109a; Ch. 24. pointed that ancient the out pioneers,

34 I, Gorion, 154. Bin finding a awaitfar from Golden West 35 Treasures, 25:17. The Cave of

ing them, were "ethnopolitical in36 Bin Gorion, II, 45. In some legends God

truders in the West,"100 and as such shakesrod as anda warning,even overthrowswithouttheanythronementionof Nimof "were not well received but were Abraham, H. Schuetzinger, Ursprung der

closely watched and were usually arab.p. 74.AbrahamNimrod Legende (Bonn, 1961),

37 Biblische G. Weil, der MuselLegenden driven the local inhabitants, away by

(Frankfort, 59. p. 1845), resented any who bitterly attempt on maenner 38 8:7. Apocalypse of Abraham,

39 from heaven was consumed by fire of the He to outsiders part in and move 1617, saved, Beer, Abraham was pp. 101 while fields their or take over pastures."cit. S. haYashar; a fragment of Josephus

killed trying that to flames the he out put was in the moreover, Canaan, BabyEven says that his father's idols destroying were and lonian threat the followed Patriarch, cit., Eisler, house, op. Vol. 1, R. p. 523.

cit., 40 op. Schuetzinger, to leave was forced Damascus, Your Family will who 18. VI, 41 PseudoPhilo, pheonomena Thep. 100.two ancient according to a very activity. in volcanic most dramatically source, meet come Running, Too! because of military and political presEgyptians have much to say about "the fireThe

sure from the East. 10 - In Canaan, islandEgypt thatwasemergedfirst settled—perhapsfrom the waters"aat thevolcanictime

island the from emerging Mediterranean, G. Lot, catching the Abraham's nephew

Religion, Vol. Egyptian I, p. 10. times, that spirit of the declared he Roeder, p. 165. op. cit., 42 Beer,

13 II, Gorion, 238. Bin to sopreferred the suburban Sodom

4t II, S.d.J., Gorion, bin Gen. 19:3031; ciety of his saying, uncle, "I For the want aroma flavor and of fresh 239f.

home baked bread, rolls and other 15 cit., Beer, at op. 44. the p. Also attempted neither his nor and God!"Abraham bakery, is something all love. we

all sacrifice fire of the birds Abraham, burned And, when you use fresh stone ground into the moving and crowded down all the desolate, surrounding region and whole made flour, wheat your home made 103 bread, cit. pancakes, rolls, loc. Tha'albi, buns and cakes plain. prosperous O will all supply vital the energy 46 and in Proceedings the Ameri- N. Glueck, of

vitamins the whole grain. Society, Philosophical Vol. can 100 (1956), Help your family reapin the harvest of continued) be (To 150f. pp. health and nutrition in found whole

i, I, 47 in 57. Mallon, Maspero, Melanges grain A. wheat. Write today for free

48 information Eissfeldt, in Lee on Oriente Lux, Vol. Household 17 Ex O.

Flour Mills recipes and using 100% 16364. (1963), pp. FOOTNOTES

whole wheat flour. Bake fresh some 4 9 Patai, Mythology, R. R. Graves and Hebrew bread with whole flour wheat and 1 Albright, F. the and of Gods 169. W. Yahwch p. let your family taste the difference.

cit., 50 (University of Athlone Beer, Canaan 137. London: op. p. Send The for $1.50 Deaf Smith 5#

Press, Flour, 56f. Whole Wiss., Test. Ztsch. Wheat Cornelius, in freshly Alt 51 1968), F. f. pp.

in ground a Lee Mill. 2 I, 5-6. 333. der bin Sagen Gorion, Judcn, Vol. J. M. 72 (1960), pp.

3 We have discussed the reality of such a 52 A. Parrot, AJiraham et son Temps (Paris,

in Political Quarterly, Vol. Western p. 105, n. 3. 19 1962), IE10-69 "fall"

62829. 600f, Epist., IV, 1. 53 Apollodorus, men- (1966), The specific pp.

LEE ENGINEERING CO.

2023 W. Wiseomin Ave., Milwaukee, Wi*. 53201

94 Improvement Era

A New Freedom to Worship QUALITY FOODS Book >-i Zohar, Lech Lecha. 86b. FOR YOUR STORAGE PROGRAM

r.c Iside, 3940. Plutarch, de

we cit., Vol. 2, p. 109. THE MORMONS op. R. Eisler,

57 hoc, of the mostcit.,importantn. 9. Interestinglyaccounts ofenough,the windone The Church of Jesus Christ

inhabitants that there noflood recounts were the of Latterday Saints of Noah,in before the time the East Near

'the eastto far dwelling populationworld's ward near the region of Eden, Cave of

Treasures, 26:15, 17. To this area, according

to the Ram and Rud story of the Mandaeans,

Jared and his brother returned.

ns Cave. no M. Witzel,of Treasures,in Orientalia,26:11.Vol. 14 (1945),

pp. 18890,. noting that this must be descriptive of a real historical event.

00 H. Kees, in Orientalia, Vol. 21 (1952),

pp. 8697; E. A. W. Budge, Egyptian Hieratic

Papyri in the British Museum, 1923, p. 19.

Vol. Ges., Or. d. in Mitt. 61 Dt. Anthes, R. M5.50 cans giantsize p. 18. These96 (1942), 24 CASE OF d'Egyptologie, 02 in Revue Vandersleye, C. per reg$l 8.00 Quantity Umited is quote 15557;Vol. 133, 19 pp. (1967), (case1 2V4OI.)(or more). 140.from Text and illustrations by

lists famine) including 03 (but both Different PRICE: $15.50 SPECIAL ELGIN KATHLEEN 182, p. Rabbah,in A. Midrasch Wuensche,

to Food ($14.50 Club Members) Vol. the Jews, Legends Ginzberg, of L.and of The Quakers now 1, The author p. 221.

159. of 04 clear Eliezer, bin a Gorion II, 26; presents P. Ch. the Moraccount R. SIMILAR VALUES:4f. cf. I, 11 G5 Helaman 174; Gorion, Bin vital dedication and mons. Their

I, GQlbid., 176. FULL LINE OF FOODS conON settling of to the tributions America's 67 II, Ibid., 83.

cit., os p. Witzel, op. M. life the are portrayed through of West and Large varieties wetpack 00 the oldest 154. Gorion, Bin 190.Among

. items Rich dehydrated.. PLUS many of Charles Coulson work art are and of vivid Egyptian productsI, mostand

reliefsthe foods! Dynasty, showfrom the III famine NEW freezedried fuled the Young, Brigham with who,

of horribly condition ing the the emaciated their gitives to a wilLand Promised—people. SAVINGS ADDITIONAL 10% 70 11:1113. Jubilees Salt of the Great the shores derness on

7lJ. 58. Juden, p. der Legenden Bergmann, CLUB DESERET MEMBERS FOOD FOR vision, courage Lake. and Mormon 1,Bar Chronography Hebraeus, Vol. (Budge),

offp. 10, says he was he drove 15 when the industry made it the State of Utah. (Only $1.00 monthly per family)

eating locusts?)qarqase (ravens? were who

all the crops of the Chaldeans. Although designed for young people, Quarterly Membership Cord $3.00

72 bin Gorion, Jubilees II, 272; Book 24:18; 1.00 Recipe Book Dehydrated Food of the this huthe triumph story ofof Lights.

12.00 Cord Annual Membership 73 will spirit readers to of appeal 23. Jubilees 11:21, man

(Recipe FREE) Book 74 of 22:1112. Jasher, Book ages '95 a"

'M 75 198. Gorion, Bin to: with remittance, and address, Mail name McKAY 76 Ps. 110:2. MidrashII, W. Braude,

77 Quarterly, Political in Nibley, Western H. SUPPLY DESERET CO.

23538.Vol. 22630, pp. 4 (1951), 1 P.O. Box 78 I, cit., Eisler, op. 523.

Calif. Redlands, 1 1 92373 79 I, 34. Jellinek, E.g. haMidrasch, A. Bet

cf. 32.

I, Ant., Josephus, 15:9-15; Gen. 185. Big Savings on in Semitica,J. tardema, A. Caquot,On80 OPPORTUNITY! 81 in treated well Moret, This is A. Mise La12.

(Paris: in Geuthner, due Egypte Dieua Mart If like to BEE be a you would HONEY

I'Hist. des Cf. de in Berard, Rev. 1927). J. Vitamins area, or distributor write in your

Religions, 228230. Vol. 151 (1957), pp.

telephone: the are with episodes described, 82 These Safeguard your

S.d.J. I, sources Gorion, in bin 317, Williams Mr. Don 151, 153, family's 174. DESERET SUPPLY CO.

83 Jubilees 11:13. health.... 1 1 1 P.O. Box I, 84 2933. Recognitions Clementine

85 PseudoPhilo, VII, 1. Redlands, Calif. 92373

86 Gorion, Bin II, 64, 48. Telephone: (714) 7922800

87 Ibid., I, 196.

88 Cave of Treasures, 25:8-9. Minimal monetary investment required.

89 E. g., Journal of Discourses, Vol. 5 ( 1857),

p. 353. 90 N. H. Segal, in Jewish Quarterly Review,

91 Midr. Rab., 42:4. Gen. The Lord "was

fatherchosen our by the Abraham when

. tions in divided the of were time Phaleg na-."QUALITYat economyFOODSprices!

Test, (in Naphthali of 8:3 Charles,. R. H.

Apoc. ir Pseudepigr. of the Old Testament, II,

363). 92 E. MacLaurin, in Journal of Religious History, Vol. 2 (1963), p. 278.

93 F. Cornelius, in Ztschr. f. A.T. Wiss.,

94Chwolsohn, Diep. Sabaecr,7. I, 620.

95 Midr. Rab., Gen. 39:8; L. Ginzberg, op. Aids in treatment of simple sore

cit., Vol. 90 Ammianus1, p. 219;Marcelinus,Beer, op. cit.,Hist.,p. XVIII,23. 7, throat and other minor mouth and

Parrot, A. 5; Abraham et son Temps—sec espenow and later with a plentiful supply of: throat irritations. cially illustrations. the

97 M. C. Astour, in A. Altmann, Biblical PermaPak's Multiple Vitamins and Minerals

Motifs (Harvard University Press, 1966), p. 74, (Scientific blend of 14 vitamins and 6 minerals)

98 A. Mallon, in Melanges Maspero, I, i, 57f. 1000 tabs $7.95 ppd.

99 cit., op. Ginzberg, Vol. 218. p. 1, tabs 3.49 ppd. 250 REMEDY HALLS 100 Albright, F. the Gods and W. Yahweh Vitamin PermaPak's C City, Utah Salt Lake 93. Canaan, of p. (Ascorbic Acid)

101 Ibid., applies 57. This p. whether Abra- $7.95 tabs mg.) ppd. 1000 (250

life caravaneer or of a was shepherd:ham "The 5.95 tabs ppd. mg.) (100 1000 shepherds pleasant."wandering but anything was

order your Send now cit. hoc. RAISING PROBLEMS? FUND retail visit or our showroom. cf. 102 Praep. IX, Evangel., Eusebius, 16;

for outSell our you. solve Let us them I, that Josephus, says 159, Abraham's who

in your to put standing candies "FUN"still in out pointed being house was DamascusAnt',, in his day. FUND RAISING—BIG PROFITS. Unsold

103 Midr. Rab., Gen. 41. candy can be returned. PIERIVIAPAKPIONfBRS IN PRGPAnEDNItl PRODUCTS CRESTLINE CANDIES

40 E. 2430 S., Salt Lake City, Ut. 84115 P.O.UtahBox8411515369,- PhoneSalt 4873201Lake City,

October 1969 95

A timid knock on the door of the bishop's office interrupted a Halloween evening meeting. Outside,

grotesque in their costumes, were the children of the bishopric. "Trick

or treat! Trick or treat!"

they shouted. The bishop While waiting for the

explained that a End ofan Era meeting was being held Tabernacleto admit earlydoorsarrivalsto beatopened and no treats were general conference, a group of available. "That's what Californians was enjoying

we thought. Have some the falling snow. One young boy

of ours,"the children near them, however, remarked responded, as they passed with a shiver, "Faith can around their paper move mountains but it can't open sacks filled with candy, that door!"

cookies, and apples—Lydia Stewart, Los Angeles, California

gleaned from generous

If there is no conflict, I cannot G. Fairbanks, neighbors.—M. gain if I cannot a victory; gain Orem, Utah

a victory, there is no crown A stake presidency, of reward.—President Brigham Young

a high councilor, and a returned missionary were The young boy, reading traveling from California's bay the evening newspaper, turned area to Salt Lake City for to his father and said

Life general conference. Enjoying "Dad, it says here that a

certain man was a financial Among a midnight snack of canned the juices as they traveled genius. What does that Mormons mean?""That means,"the

over Bonner summit, they were father replied, "that he startled when the flashing could earn money faster than red light of a highway his family could spend it."

patrol car stopped them.

After probing the interior of the Sign seen on rural highway: Drive safely—someone may want automobile, the officer

your heart.

removed his hat, scratched his head, and said, "Five The spectacle of a nation of an Era"will pay "End $3 men heading for Reno in the praying is more aweinspiring for anecdotes and humorous experiences that relate to the middle of the night than the explosion of an of Latterday Saint way life. drinking V-8 Juice? I wouldn't atomic bomb. The force of prayer length words. 150 Maximum

is greater than any possible believe it if I hadn't seen it.

combination of manmade What will the Chief say or mancontrolled powers, when I report this one?"because prayer is man's greatest

—Ted E. Madsen, means of trapping the infinite

Concord, California—J.resourcesEdgar Hooverof God.

96 Improvement Era Read these results Kettle Fresh Candies Make This

Band Need Band Uniforms? "Enclosed "America's Most Popular

is our check for S10.451..."write the

energetic band members from a Fund Raising Plan"mediumsized town. They made their

recent Bowl Game trip in style!

"We made S1,806.76 for camp scholarships! Initial order gone in two days.

Repeat sales fantastic."CASE HISTORIES NOS. 309 and 7003

We help you get started We send you enough Kathryn Beich

Candies to raise the money you need.

Free booklet shows you how to get organized and run a big moneymaking project. Special carrying cases and

selling literature, too.

"Kettle Freshness"sells more These are fine giftquality confections, packed at the peak of freshness to lock flavors in! We use only pure Swiss recipe milk chocolate—no imitation chocolate, ever. Every product carries the

Good Housekeeping Seal.

Nationally famous...

Kathryn Beich's Fund Raising Plan has enabled thousands of clubs and organizations to raise millions of dollars—all

over the United States. Big town or

small, we will help you.

This year, introduce your school, Denver Medical Club's $500 profit.

church, club or other civic organizaMillions of people have bought tion to the legendary Kathryn Beich these confections to support thouBigger Variety olates,Candies.fineChoosebutterfrommints,lusciousrare toffees,chocsandssmall—ofalldifferentyear long!projects—largeIt's easy; andWe

With these 13 different products, priced tender crumbles—thirteen "Gift Qualsend the candy you need... enough

500, $1.00, terrific $1.50, you can make ity"candies priced from This to raise or 500. or and $50 $5000 more sales combination of $3.00, to $5.00 tested plan can for costs. work the shipping wonders pay even... You we per S10.00 customer! repeat sales And

Illinois your treasury until as... such after an the nothing 60 days pay offer selection. are easy you when

Girl's Club whose Christmas sale avshipment so there is no risk.

erages over $5000 profit... and a RUSH coupon for FREE booklet!

MAIL TO: KATHRYN BEICH CANDIES

\*L DEPT.36P5,Bloomington, 111.61701

Our group is interested. Send the moneymaking details.

How much do you need? ORGANIZATION NAME: New 16page

Your earning power is unSEND TO: guideshows andyou cataloghow to

limited.. $300, $750,

up.to $1500 $5000 and ADDRESS PHONE planamoneyprofitableandmakingoperate

more! Just send coupon CITY STATE ZIP project.

for details today! (Continental U.S.A. Only)

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Sharing the Good Things of Llf6... Family happiness is doing things together...

growing together. You can assure continued family growth together by advance preparation. Invite your Beneficial Life consultant to show you how some of the exciting new

developments in life insurance can meet your family's needs! Whether for college.

a mission... your estate or retirement, there are new growth opportunities for you... with

Beneficial Life. Call your Beneficial Life consultant today! Tomorrow may be too late!

BENEFICIAL LIFE

4UF \ Kfiihrtu J / P M.''4m'

v OA

t-%*

WyP*

*K.f, V*

F.r*Anil

fv';

**, *t 'if.I

SI'rJl % S.I'm"M&x &j \\ V iLt $ * \