Jim,fveTlMTROVBMENT

'ftfwmw&jc*.

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

""Phe barleycorn is an old unit of

English measure of length equal to the average length of a grain of barley, with three barleycorns equalto one inch. This unit is still used in Totun HOUSE

measuring the length of shoes, thus anumber six shoe is onethird of an inch CHOCOLATE DROP COOKIES five.longer than a number

best conditions Tnder Professor H. cost you only*! 2/3 a dozen*

* N. Russell has found that a star

of eight and a half magnitudes can You can't make them at home that cheaply just be seen by the naked eye. This is

the same illumination as would be produced by a candle at a distance of twentyone miles if there were no TOWN HOUSE Cookies by Purity atmospheric absorption. When the size contain loads of chocolate drops,

of the object becomes so small that it is smaller than the size the eye can real pecan nuts, pure creamery butresolve, all the energy entering the ter and other choice ingredients.

eye falls on a single rod or cone of These expensive materials, plus retina.the your own valuable time, would the cost of your homemadeA measuringnew sensitiveinstrumentelectrichascurrentbeen make adapted to detect and record emotion chocolate chip cookies far more gives clues henceand to hidden causes than l6 2Ac a dozen. for the of chilmisbehavior problem

dren. Electrodes are taped to the

a photoelectric fingers, and recorder measures in the electrical changes conWhy Bake at Home?

ductivity of the skin of the palm. Emotional reactions change the conducwhen you can buy such delicious

tivity of the skin so that the reaction chocolate drop cookies at so low of a person to pictures on a screen or a price? other stimuli can be studied. The

psychologist Dr. B. R. Higley has

found that the "dead pan,"who shows no reaction to the usual stimuli, has, in eightyfive percent of the cases, MM9mspent time in disciplinary and penal mmmm.

institutions.

"DY using a dielectric oven with high

JJ frequency electricity of thirteen million cycles a second, burlap feed bags can be uniformly heated throughout to permit the reuse of bags by killing organisms which produce disease.

This dry method of sanitizing does not injure the fibers. The Eastern States

Farmers'Exchange saves about one million dollars a year by their reuse.

Town House Cookies by Purity are sold only in cellophanewrapped cartons which average 34 cookies apiece. At the prevailing retail price of 47c a package

the cost would be 16%e a dozen.

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix

DECEMBER 1950 937 Priceless Lifetime Sifts for the Whole Family

II II 7 n a n BOOKS You'll have no gift problems, after you check this listing—because everyone on your Christmas list will appreciate one of these loved Church books—and Bookcraft's

selection is COMPLETE—including a large collection of NEW Church literature Just use the convenient order form below—or buy them from the Bookcraft dealer in your

area.

(1) (2) BIBLE STORIES FOR ANCIENT AMERICA &

YOUNG LATTERDAY THE BOOK OF SAINTS MORMON: Milton R. Hunter and

Emma Marr Petersen: Thomas S. Ferguson

: $4.00 $2.75

Beautifully, but simply written: One of the few books written

stories of the Bible, prepared on this subject, giving undeniespecially for L.D.S. children. able proof of our sacred vol-

A wonderful child's gift, and ume of scriptures. Scholarly,

an everlasting contribution to church literature. enlightening, a grand gift for students of the Book of Mormon.

(3) (4)

FAITH LIKE THE THEMES OF THE

ANCIENTS RESTORED GOSPEL LIKE THE Compiled by 5 Dr. Sidney B. Sperry

ANCIENTS N. B. Lundwall

$2.75 $1.50

Numerous startling and awe- A compilation of Dr. Sperry's

N.B.LUNDWALL inspiring experiences from our addresses and sermons on

Church leaders are gathered such timely subjects as Joseph and published in this beautiSmith and his work, Spirit of ful volume... to help you become better acquainted with the Modern Scriptures, Latterday Saints'view of Peter's Confession

early leaders of the Church—a book your church library should and many others. A beautiful gift item.

not be without.

BRANCHES OVER THE

FAM/LY TSvTtcTpray;*nd WALL BINDER AWAKE u, 'STAY stories original The of * -nbse rvT OI.nr-,AaxB.Skousen Ora Stewart of Stewart's Ora correlationi AM lessons of Book Mormon

$1.75 lectures,in book publishedform by $1.00 $2.95

request. A t- Perfect ith inspiring f*9ermo gift item. "y appreciated come n,3 0Uf pr0yrod now fapopularbook—an *..stoM;s e7c '09,C0 '-*, fem.

n. 9 Hs third pr.nt.n9-; n (6) 938 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ALL CHURCH FAVORITES

Choose from this Wonderful Group

IT CONCERN, (36) TO THE MAY AND (22) WHOM THEMESMAN GOSPEL COLUMBUS, BEFORE (8) AMERICAS $3.00 Ashton Marvin O. Widtsoe A. Dr. John $5.00 DRAGON, Farnsworth Dewey

$1.50 stories of Bishop articles The and golden the of graphic drama A with interwoven much Ashton, colfascinating and powerful twentyfive existed that A empire

kindsense, human and common discussions by informal of lection ago. years hundred

gift perfect volume. ness. A Dr. Widtsoe.

IN CHRIST FOR WITNESS (9) A NEW

HIS MANSIONS, (23) MANY (37) MORMONS, Kirkham Francis Dr. THESE AMAZING AMERICA,

$2.25 S. Howells Rulon H. $1.00 Weston Joseph $2.50 #

beliefs of thirteen The of the views newspaperman's the Book that Historical evidence A churches Christian—on twentyleading Church. the L.D.S. and Mormons is true. of Mormon docimportant the three most of

trinal questions. PRICE COMGREAT OF RACE,(10) COVENANT GOD'S

R. Hunter... Dr. Milton $2.00 (38) MENTARY,PEARL Anderson H. James HAMBLIN, (24) JACOB $3.00 conthose for book wonderful A $3.50 Bailey Paul

doctrines and prophthe Israel the on Comments and about cerned biography, documented carefully A -<% of Pearl Great the history of ecies. with a as gripping a novel, as to addition Price a welcome—hisamazing and of new o*. wealth L. S. D. library. FOR SUGGESTIONS any home(11) SOME

tory. RobertsonHarmer MISSIONARIES,

..$3.00 J. Poulson Ezra $1.75 BIRTHRIGHT, (39) SPEAK, PROPHETS LATTERDAY (25) '9& Latterday of story a young gift The wonderful $4.00 A Ludlow H. Daniel

his and own, keys Saint, found tive—for valuableyour prospecmissionary who the of writings the Selections from his people. birthright of the to his saved success. must a Church—the of Presidents gift ideal book. An library. every for home edition PLATES,(12) THE GOLDEN

$2.50 Pierce ATONEMENT, Florence (40) MEDIATION AND SCRIPTURES, (26) IDS. $3.00 Taylor John analyze to thoroughly attempt An $4.50 Charles Orme Gilbert

in the packed mentioned book, records written all powerfully the A finat your available subjects 319 to help scriptural of Mormon. messages Book with index, side gertips, with handy of the truer conception get a you references. 2,000 AGES, Christ. THE THE THROUGH of Jesus(13) GOSPEL life mission and

$3.00 R. Hunter Dr. Milton MASONRY, ISM (27) AND MORMON BOOK, GUIDE (41) OF MORMON BOOK of study of course for a Written $2.25 Cecil McGavin

Birrell $5.00 Verla as Priesthood and Melchizedek the the explaining book, challenging E.A of missionaries. MordM Book of for the a content book The similarities of Mathe of origin systematized, in a presented mon, Mormonism. sonry and SATURDAY - arranged SABBATH(14) direct THE form, TRUE and simple,

E. readcasual Coombs the Kenneth of benefit the SUNDAY?, for OR OF MORMON, (28) BOOK OUR religion. $1.50 in interested er $2.75 B. Sperry Dr. Sidney

controthe from grown volume A a perfect—revealing book A SHARE, TO TREASURES gift (42) Sabbath. true the versy concerning to become wishes for one who $2.00 Westenskow Melvin

Book the with acquainted better simple and forward STORIES,(15) INDIAN UTAH of Mormon. concepts %Mf the style, $2.25 R. and Dr. Hunter languageIn straight Milton

set are Gospel Restored the and stories, in Indian lore Rich THINGS, ALL OF a (29) RESTORATION concise manlogical and downof children's for your perfect edition $1.75 Smith Fielding Joseph book. useful and ner. Ain valuable library. radio evening Sunday The popular

compiled Smith, Elder of addresses MOROF THE BOOK OF STORY PRICELESS OF(16) GEMS ASSORTED volume. appreciated $3.00 Pierce in an Florence (43) MON,

B. Lund- N. by Compiled VALUE, of the Book of text complete The wall TIMES, $2.75 (30) THE OF SIGNS in and story form written Mormon, $1.25 Smith Fielding Joseph found information of A compilation Seventyfive sequence. proper in

rare manubooks and only showing how book, important attached An pictures and full page thinkers, fulwriters, scripts for events daily of in—unfolding the this beauto color descriptions add

readers. fill the words of the prophets. tiful volume.

SCRAPBOOK, (31) STORYTELLER'S GOLD BIBLE,(17) CUMORAH'S Jr $1.00 Albert L. Zobell, $2.25 E. Cecil McGavin

stories with book pocketsize A DIRECT FROM OR concerning questions ORDER—of Hundreds

will that illustrations and disfully of the Mormon, DEALER Book LOCAL BOOK YOUR life into your putting assistown in you this delightful in book. cussed

presentations. as numbered books following the Please send

(18) WILFORD DISCOURSES OF WOODHIGH, THE MOST OF (32) TEMPLES Dr. G. Homer RUFF, Compiled by

.$2.50 B. Lundwall N. of Quantity Price Compiled by Number $2.50 Durham

Book refrecords, history, and Prayers, Wilford of Woodruff—The words temples, to pertaining erences all read to inspiration an who subhundred a work, and temple them.

jects.

Compiled THOUGHT, OF (19) GEMS ISRAEL, OF by (33) THE HOUSE Dr. $1.00 R. Hunter Milton

L. $3.00 E. Whitehead

deextracts sermons from Valuable history, destiny, the treatise on A the in livered conferences past by all i in identification of Israel and

Authorities the Church. of General branches. the four

(20) THOUGHT, OF NUGGETS GOLDEN QUEST, (34) THE $1.00 Marler Ezra Compiled by $2.25 F. Ursenbaeh O. - - - - truth, and of bits beauty, Choice Name for the Gospel search rabbi's A prophpoets, wisdom, spoken by spewritten, of beautifully truth, ets, sages. and Address.. prosinterest cial and to former

(21) GOSPEL INTERPRETATIONS, pective missionaries. City..-.State..

Dr. $2.25 Widtsoe John A.

Lundwall..$1.50 B. N. VISION, (35) THE perplexing the of record most A

writings on Rare and invaluable rewith problems, the answers, living and the of salvation the the the garding of teachings

L. D. S. Church. dead. 1186 SOUTHBOOKCRAFTMAIN SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

Publishers of Fine L.D.S. Books

DECEMBER 1950 Lsfficiai Lycaan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jke Lnufcn of

or cJLatteraau faints r*J r r VOLUME 53 nu NUMBER 12 SbecemLr 1950 n>

Editors: GEORGE ALBERT SMITH - JOHN A. WIQTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Editor: Associate Managing C. JOSEPHSON MARBA

J. - Research Manuscript Editor: Editor: ALBERT L. THE COVER MOFFITT ELIZABETH

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: BURL SHEPHERD

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM The reverence in which all of us hold

S. JR. A. NIBLEY PALMER HARRIS, - HUGH FRANKLIN the season Christmas glow the warm

- B. B. SIDNEY - SPERRYLEE PETERSEN CLAUDE lighted of in of. a. house. worship windows

- R. Associate Manager: CURTIS BERTHA Manager: General ELBERT

... footfalls the muffled newfallen upon - F. Director: D. Advertising VERL S.SCOTTREEDER Business GILES Manager: JOHN

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR snow... a friendly feeling of goodwill and goodfellowship toward our

neighbors and the whole wide world...

all of these things so inseparably linked with the December holidays have been

Church Features skilfullyfullcolor andoil paintingadmirablybydelineatedArnold Friberg.in this

Evidences and Reconciliations: CXLIX—Who Were the Early CONFERENCE SECTION

Converts? John A, Widtsoe 949

All eyes turn, twice yearly, to Temple

Conference Section 962 Square in Salt Lake City because it's (Index to Conference addresses) 941 conferenceon page 962time.is theTheworkphotographicof Jeano Orlando.study

Church Moves On 944 Presiding Bishopric's Page 1038

Melchizedek Priesthood 1036 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES 50 North Main Street Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Special Features Y.W.M.l.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Funds, by Mutual 1950 The True Christmas Marba C. Josephson 951 Copyright MutualInc.,Improvementa CorporaMen's Young tion of the

Heritage in the Pacific...D. Arthur Haycock 952 AssociationLatterday Saints.of the ChurchAll rightsof Jesusreserved.ChristSubof

Toys They Will Like...Burl Shepherd 955 scriptionsubscriptions,price, $3.00$2.50 aa year,year, in inadvance;advance;foreign25c

On the Children's Bookrack 960 singleEnteredcopy.at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah,

as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing

The Spoken Word from Temple Square.. at1103,specialAct rateof Octoberof postage1917,providedauthorizedfor in Julysection2,

Richard L. Evans 1020, 1024, 1028, 1032, 1044 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unmanuscripts, but welcomes contributions.

Shepherd.... the Burl Family, Exploring Universe, Franklin Today's

by sufficient be accompanied 1040 Allsolicited must manuscripts S. Harris, 1040 It with 937 Towels Jr Make return. delivery for and postage

Safe.. 1041 the Christmas Tree These Conquest of Keep Times—The

. Hibernate, Poinsettias Fear, 942 G. Homer Durham May Change of Address

Veteran Reporter, Frank W. OtToo....1042 Fifteen days'notice required for change of adterstrom 946 Blueprint for Beauty—"Tips"dress. When ordering a change, please include

the magazine. slip issue of recent a from address Fingers 1042 1030 your the Bookrack on On

unless the old cannot be changes made Address Assistant Keep.....1044 Church Historian, AnTo To Give—or

is included. the well as one as new address

1048 and Ours drew Page Jenson 1030 Your

National Advertising Representatives

Stories, Poetry EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Russ Building The Gift Horse John Sherman Walker 956 SanHENRYFrancisco,G. ESCHEN,California

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Merry Christmas with Gravy Diantha Henderson 959 Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

Frontispiece—Christmas is ComTo A Daughter, Elizabeth S. 332 HARRYSouth MichiganV. LYTLE Ave.

ing, Solveig Paulson Russell.... 947 Norris 958 Chicago 4, Illinois

ASSOCIATES Poetry 948 SANGSTON Page 979 SADLER AND Beauty, Sytha Johnson Ave. Madison 342 Christmas Trees, Olive May

Y. 17, York N. New Gilean Douglas.. 1004 Mountain Snow, 954 Cook

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulation

940 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LJctober Lconrerence rndex

SPEAKERS

Benson, Ezra Taft 1012 Merrill, Joseph F. 998

Bowen, Albert E. 983 Moyle, Henry D. 987

Clark, J. Reuben, Jr. 989 Petersen, Mark E. 975

Cowley, Matthew—970 Richards, LeGrand 1016

Evans, Richard L.—1010 Romney, Marion G. 1004

Hunter, Milton R.. 978 Smith, Eldred G 977

Isaacson, Thorpe B. 985 Smith, George Albert 963, 1021

Smith, Joseph Fielding 965 Ivins, Antoine R.—976

Sonne, Alma 1008 Kimball, Spencer W. 980 Stapley, Delbert Leon 988

Kirkham, Oscar A. 972 Widtsoe, John A. 973

Lee, Harold B......1006 Wirthlin, Joseph I 968

McConkie, Bruce R. 966 Young, Clifford E. 971

McKay, David O 991 Young, Levi Edgar 994

SUBJECTS

Aaronic Priesthood 968 Prayer 977, 985

Articles of Faith 1008 Priesthood 971, 987, 991 BIND YOUR

Baptism 963, 1008 Sabbath Day 1012

Baptism 963, 965, 1008 Saints, Devotion of the 1016 ERA

Book of Mormon 965 Salvation 965 Preserve each issue for permanent binding.

Brotherhood 1012 Scandinavia 973

Brotherly Love 987 Scouting 968 It makes a fine addiChurch, Why a 983 Teachings 983 tion to any library,

Constitution (U. S.) 963, 987 Temple Work '-- 970 both for value of conCovenants 966 Testimony 972, 988, 1006, 1021 tents and appearEffort, United, Necessary 976 Tithing 978 ance.

Eternal Rewards 966, 971 Welfare Plan 1004 Well Indexed

Faith 976, 1010 Word of Wisdom 975

Fast Offerings, Principle of 1004 Youth 968 Economical

Free Agency 998 NOTE: Three of the General Authori- $2.50 per volume

ties did not speak at the sessions of this

Gambling 987 general conference: Elder Stephen L F.O.B. Salt Lake City

Richards of the Council of the Twelve (Postpaid, add 30c)

Gathering 970 who was completing a Church assignment in Europe; Elder Thomas E. McKay, AsHeresies, Warnings Against 989 sistant to the Council of the Twelve, who, Send your ERAS for

while he attended some of the meetings,

Indians 980 did not speak on the advice of his physibinding to cian; and President S. Dilworth Young of

Inflation 998 the First Council of the Seventy who is presiding over the New England States

Jesus Christ 1021 sesat were given the Addresses Mission. DESERET NEWS PRESS sions A. Child, Smith, G. by Francis Glenn

Joseph Smith.1008, 1021 E. Wesley Smith, and Leo J. Muir, former

mission presidents. These and brief talks

Labor and Management 998 by President George Albert Smith and by of the First Presidency the members given 40 Richards St. session priesthood theLamanites 980 at will be printed

bulletin. in the conference Salt Lake CityMissionaries....963, 971, 973, 1008, 1016 Dr. A. Widtsoe's "Church of the John

Air"address will be printed in the JanuObedience 966 ary issue of THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

DECEMBER 1950 941 Southern Pacific proudly presents THE CONQUEST OF FEAR

A s we approach the annual Christmas By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

message—"peacemilestone to onbe earth,renewedgoodby willits Head of PoliticalUniversityScienceof UtahDepartment,

toward men"—we are sobered by the

thought and the evidence that fear Is it worth while to spend time and reigns in the hearts of men. In the energy "fearing"man? Fearing the

headlines great new United States, to judge by Russians? Fearing communism? Fearing

and the comment that fills the air and capitalism? Fearing pressure groups?

drinks up printer's ink, we are afraid Fearing the farmer? Fearing the workof inflation; of government controls to ingman? Fearing the banker? Fearing

rumors of war and with inflation;streamliners cope each other? How can faith, confidence, does of war. Our government not love, be substituted?

trust itself, but officials insist on secret The problem may be resolved into surveys, crosschecks, the determinathe nutshell of fearing what others tion of the loyalty of the other fellow, might do to us, to our bodies, to our character investigations. All of us, loved ones, to our property. Do others

ror—atmeanwhile,ourmightlives.also Somelook in fearthe mirthe havehere wantthe sameto hurtfears?or injureDoes anybodyanybody

prospects of military service. Some else? Is everybody here willing to do

fear the atomic bomb. Some fear the unto others as he would have others

effects of television on society. Fear, do unto him? Could the United States

fear, fear! Some fear lest they not be get along without the oil of the Middle

accepted socially. Some fear because of East, or do we need to retain custody

the toogreat social demands made upon of it? For ourselves or for the welfare

SUNSET them.cancer, Socialism,polio, trafficcommunism,accidents—alltaxes,are real,of all orhumanimaginary?oilusers?WhereAre mostdo wefearsgo M feared. Some fear the people. Some from here? What is man?

LIMITED ingmen.fear the rulers.Some fearSomethefear"bosses."the workIf

fear is the devil's substitute weapon,

LOS ANGELESNEW ORLEANS, 42 HOURS considerable success can be reported yke5e -Jlime$

America's newest, transmost beautiful his minions. for continental allstreamliner. Luxurious

If Christianthe of heaven's? What Pullmans. Private enclosed room washin spirit, almost magical A real anything has message ChristmasEaster rooms. "SleepyHollow"Chair Cars. effect, settles Christendom on over "Feathertouch"doors. stop""Magic it is the all conquest for at mankind, is It of the peace Eve. Christmas brakes. Exciting dining recreation and faith fear. be your "Let of cars. in their beds. of $15,000,000 children of worth luxury snug stronger home, on

wheels. Daily service. Extra fare. than your fear,"it says. Although Love reigns. It is the peace of the

faith wellfounded, fears be some may require. spirit that We force. stronger the be always must lose usually between menit—sometimedaily is of, anyafraid there to be What the next day morning Christmas and

way? at business. It all depends on how

Of ignorance, sickness, poverty soon our tempers flare in the cross man's historic enemies? By means of fire of relations with other children of

these real fears, superstition has hisGod, even those of our own housethree thrived. torically Of these for these times A prescription

But miseries, too much prevails. in along we hold.might well be, as we stumble

have the knowledge for their conweakness through a New Year, that quest. In their historic form, these at least we will be cheerful and strive

ills displayed themselves largely in to let faith replace fear in our hearts, the fear of nature: earthquakes, thunthat we may overcome evil with good.

ders, lightnings; of wild animals, then It is better, Christ reigning, to offer

NEW dragons, evil spirits, hobgoblins, and trust and confidence, even where neiwerewolves; in the whatnot of imagither is expected in return. Faith is Catauk nation as well as the realities of naked positive; fear negative. The positive

SAN FRANCISCOPORTLAND, 16% HOURS nature. Today these fears are infaith, after all, is man's basic asset. A

Now Portland and San Francisco are consequential. Nature, affirmed by word from the Prince of Peace projust overnight apart by luxury allroom, faith, is proved by science to be vides the clue and the challenge:

allPullman streamliner. Choice of roombounteous, responsive, predictable;

ette, bedroom, bedroomen-suite, comyou, things unto spoken I have These its generous even and kind—when orpartment drawing room. Bedrooms, the that in peace. In might have ye me followed. are laws and knowncompartments all drawing and rooms shall tribulation: but be world have ye of banishhave should Christian message enclosed washrooms. The

I cheer; the world, have overcome goodUnique dincar three Cascade It for does, fear death. of privateClub—most the

Italics author's.) 16:33. (Johninglounge-kitchen unique S.P. unit—is faith for living. offers believers, andfeature. fare. extra No

If it is not nature, if it is not death, It is for us, also, to overcome the what do our modern fears reduce world and make the Christian message

The friendly themselves to? Is it not largely fear of peace on earth, good will to men,

Southern Pacific of each other, fear of man and of a reality. Who else, if not you andS*P mankind? me? The work begins at home—today.

942 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE GREATEST STORY EVER TOLD

By Fulton Oursler A reverent, faithful retelling of the sublime story of Jesus, bringing Him and those whose lives were entwined with His excitingly close to the modern reader. Publisher's edition, $2.95. Why The

uiiily Readiiw Club

Funk & Wagnolls NEW COLLEGE NOW OFFERS YOU STANDARD DICTIONARY

The first basically different word guide in years! Contains over 145,000 entries, 1,420

size. pages;A mustmeasuresfor the6V2"homex 9'A"in

library. Publisher's edition, $5.50.

THE OF CAPRICORN HORNS ANY Miller Helen Topping TWO By OF THESE GREAT a Carolina Against NEW BOOKS background moves this story of two who should not have others love—buthave loved,did—andbut didn't! fallenwho shouldin

Publisher's edition, $3.00.

WITH MEMBERSHIP

FAITH TO LIVE BY Alson By J. Smith

that shows Dr. Smith every problem Yes, you are invited to accept any two of

and crisis can be met with faith! the wonderful new books shown on this

is a revelation of Here you how can page as your FREE MEMBERSHIP GIFT to frustriumph over your use faith trations. Publisher's edition, $2.50. BOOKS when you join our Book Club. Read

the operates Club Reading Family below, how HILLS ENDURING THE it the couto you, then mail means Giles Holt and what By Janice -Kentucky boy farm A southern courapon to join the Club and get your TWO FREE to struggles "break away"geously from the humdrum existence that had BOOKStoday!

been his family's lot for many generations. Publisher's edition, $3.00. BOOKS FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY AT BIG SAVINGS

The Family Reading Club was Free "Bonus"Books distribute select books founded and distribClub Family Reading The for the wholeto which family—books free for each utes a Book "Bonus"enterinteresting are worthwhile, and selections take. four These you Club objectionable in taining being without will standhigh the Club meet books are publishers way. any Each month interest, superior excellence, ards of believe they to invited books submit subject matwriting wholesome and will the Club Family Reading meet MORE FOR ONE ROOM fine a build can you home up ter—and the select then standards. Editors Our Perrott Rose Anna at expense. By extra this library no way enthuthey most can book recommend her husof story a of the woman, true books from Club purchase The A are siastically to members. These three their the of only for and $1.89 band, children—and each—instead your every books member of which three to their prices retail home regular opened they publishers'of how to retained be can family to a read—books fambelonged to never waifs to you had $2.50 who 25% $4.00—saves library pride. with in your home edition, $2.75. circle. Publisher's ily dollars. of your when book And 35%

figthe of to the Books value Bonus You Membership Means What SWIFTWATER to in, save can you up ured is50% is for charge no membership There Annixter Paul By Reading the Club in Family beyond father story of a and Join Money No Now—Send A themselves. cost the of books the You struggle lonely their his in a believe captivatingson—and If club book which (plus you each postage only $1.89 to pay the for wild sanctuary a establish finest instincts of the to appeal will for the books handling) puryou and twice pass Maine over geese which let family, us of your after every the member chase book review reading edition, $2.50. Publisher's year. each to the Family Reading introduce you to will each your which home come

month. It is not necessary to purchase Club by sending you your choice of

of the books shown on every a book four each TWO ANY free as your Membership to this page year retain month—onlyyour membership. All

selections are new, complete, wellGifts. Just mail the coupon. However,

printed and wellbound. Your books as this unusual offer may be withwillpostman—readybe delivered toto readyour! door by the drawnmail theat couponany time,NOWwe urge you to

AMERICA COOKS FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, NEW YORK

By The Browns recipes over 1,600 Contains—the MAIL COUPON NOW/ states from of the 48 finest of each

oldfashioned favorites to upto-theCrystal-clear sensations. taste minute FREE WITH MEMBERSHIP BOOKS TWO edition, Publisher's directions.

CLUB, $2.49. FAMILY READING Dept. 12ER STORIES OF THE GREAT OPERAS

YORK MINEOLA, NEW Cross Milton By at at the checked I have once send books two Please me aria, all every action, the Contains Greatest Story The enroll Also Gift Books. right as Membership my

stories of of complete the 72 of send the as Club Told Family Ever Reading and a member theme operatic bestloved dramas. world's of Club's the review me, each forthcoming month, a theA

College Standard New I I or choose. reject as r i accept selection—which years may of richlyrewarding for book

reor the dues Dictionary are fees—only membership There no edition, Publisher's study. $3.75.

selecof quirement accept four that a Club minimum of tions Horns The twelve the during beginning with I coming months, the current Club selection, at only $1.89 each, plus Capricorn

postage As and handling. a member

with each four Club selectionsI will receiveI accept.a free Faith to Live By Bonus Book

Mrs... Mr. G1 TheRoomEnduringfor One HillsMore

Miss (Please Print) Swiftwater

Street No. and SEASONS STILLMEADOW Cooks America Taber Gladys By

Stories of 'J Complete to companionan Here City. State Zone Operas the Great to chance ship isand

105 Bond Age, if author the with year entirefriendship—ainvitation an spend Seasons Stillmeadow A. fL SameOffergoodonlyintheU.S.price in Canada: St..and Canada.Toronto 2]J | | 21 Under in Connecdelightful old home at her

ticut. Publisher's edition, $3.00.

DECEMBER 1950 943

HE CHURCH MOVES ON

September 1950 atin Januarythe beginning1951. of the winter quarter ofFranklinthe CouncilL. West,of andthe Dr.Twelve,AdamDr.S.

Bennion. of Sperry won the Rueckert Levi Edgar sin- 7 President Young Q that announced The Y. M. M. I. A.

tennis in the allChurch gles meet of the the First Council Seventy seventeenyear-old young men were (Eddie)tournament, Falls AnMaurice and the First dedicated Idaho Ward eligible to play basketball. Men M to teamed Allen Cornwall Fallsderson and (Idaho) chapelNorth Idaho basketball Explorer leagues had

title. three All doubles the men house.win Stake

lads, cluded sixteenyear-old and in-M in Dithe contests the same the B. Isaacsonhad Bishop of Thorpe won basketball set rules minithe had Men earlier. avision tournament 9 Presiding Bishopric the week dedicated

at eighteen. age mum

chapel, (Utah) Benson Cove Ward to assistant Sonne, Alma Elder | A Stake. E. of Petersen the Elder Mark dedithe of the Twelve, Council 24 Salt the of Choir Tabernacle Council dedicated Lake The Twelve chapPioche, the Nevada,cated Ward

its the presented hunchapel, eleven and Organ Stake. Conda Idaho Ward

el, Stake. Uvada radio dredth program. former network weekly Springs chapel The Soda Ward RichLeGrand Presiding Bishop

Paso, El Texas, been had Second reand Ward, moved to Conda the (Utah) dedicated Morganards Stake, the organized ward. modeled from by Graham Mount

storehouse. welfareStake Church Branch, portions Sunnyslope of El (AriPhoenix with WilPaso Ward, the of Coun- A. Widtsoe Elder John Stake, zona) lard organized bishop. with Conrad Whipple, Provicil the dedicated the of Twelve president. Kleinman, Mill Heights East Garden J. Ward, (Utah) First Mt.dence Logan Ward, Southern AriBinghampton or- (Salt Stake, Ward, County) Creek Lake chapel.Stake, zona Stake, name changed to Tucson of ganized Rosecrest portions from

President Young Levi Edgar First Ward. Neff, bishop. B. with of the Ward, Thomas dedicated of theFirst Seventy Council

t% of general thethe presidency Lyman o The Ward chapel, Rexburg fornia)OakdaleStake,Ward,organizedSan Joaquinfrom (CaliOak- "Relief Society Stake. ap- (Idaho) announced the

dale Branch, with Garney V. Johnson, pointment of Mrs. Helen Arizona Southern Branch, W. AnderWillcox bishop.

son, president of the Big Cottonwood organized with JosephStake, Dean

Bennett, president. Fall courses for choristers and (Salt Lake County) Stake, to their

Two hundred high school stuarea beganorganistsunderin thethe directionSalt LakeofCitythe generalThe Firstboard.Presidency announced that

dents of the Los Angeles, Caligeneral music committee. branches of the SpanishAmerican Misfornia, area enrolled for their first year sion in Arizona, Colorado, and Caliof L.D.S. seminary work. 1 Q The Y.W.M.I.A. general presifornia are being severed from the

The Salt Lake Temple opened for dency and the Presiding Bishopmission and assigned to stakes or other endowment and other ordinance work ric announced that comparative meetmissions in which they are located.

after renovating. ing attendance for girls between the This mission in the future will be conages of twelve and nineteen will again fined to the states of New Mexico and

Kathryn Fairbanks, A 1 1 i e be published in monthly bulletins to Texas where the largest centralization

Howe, and Edith F. Shepherd bishops. The girls'program was transof Mexicans in the States is to be

appointed to the Y.W.M.I.A. general ferred to the M.I.A. last June. found.

board. The general presidency of the Rethe appointSociety announced First that lief Presidency announced The to the 28 ofPresidentthe FirstBruceCouncilR. McConkieof the B. Eyring of Mildred ment plans to erectthe Church a monument

near Varnell, Georgia, where Elder general board of that organization. Seventy was reappointed L. D. S.

coordinator. servicemen's Standing, missionary toJoseph last Y. Sanborn, the 9 Mabel j) Mrs. Relief Society ended its anThe killed States Southern by was a mob surviving President of daughter conference. general nual twoday tract, will 1878. which July 21, The in Salt died Brigham Young, Lake

be appropriately landscaped, has been City. This eightyseven-yearold womThe 121st semiannual confergiven the Church by W. C. Puryear an was the guest of honor at the 29 ence of the Church began in Salt

of Dalton, Georgia, and members of unveiling of the Brigham Young Lake City.

his family. Elder Standing's companstatue in Washington, D. C. last June. A special meeting was held in the

ion at the time he fell was the late Salt Lake Tabernacle by the Presiding

President Rudger Clawson of the O o The new board of trustees of Bishopric for bishops and counselors,

Council of the Twelve. "Brigham Young University met stake and ward clerks, members of

for the first time. This board includes stake committees for adult members of

Fj Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richall members of the Council of the the Aaronic Priesthood, general secreards dedicated the Logan ( Utah Twelve and the First Presidency, Dr. taries of ward Aaronic Priesthood

L. D. S. Hospital nurses'home. Franklin L. West, and Dr. Adam S. committees, and members of stake and

Bennion. The change came with the ward committees on ward teaching.

j ft The First Presidency announced expiration of the old articles of inStake presidencies and high councilors that Dr. Ernest L. Wilkinson had corporation of Brigham Young Univerwere invited to attend.

been appointed president of Brigham sity. The old trustees included the A meeting to discuss the softball

Young University. His letter of acFirst Presidency and Elders Joseph program of the Church was held at

ceptance was dated September 11. It is Fielding Smith, Stephen L Richards, Barratt Hall by Y. M. M. I. A. officers.

expected that he will assume his duties John A. Widtsoe, and Albert E. Bowen (Continued on page 1029)

944 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

You'll save HOURS of basketlugging and clothesSee this amazing new hanging work every washday with a Hamilton Autodo your Dryer. wash Clothes lets you Hamilton matic

gently rain or shine. Hamilton evening, any way to dry yonr wash ANY day,

tumbles clothes fluffydry in a matter of minutes—turns

teeshirts, pajamas, towels, that so wrinklefree them out fast, fresh and fluffy ironing! need no the like diapers, rompers, and corduroys

hygienic, heated air in your Hamilton is cleaner without work or worry The than an outdoor breeze—free of soot, dust, smoke—purified with healthful ultraviolet rays and sweetened with

ozone from Hamilton's exclusive Sun-E-Day Lamp. More

than 100,000 homes enjoy this washday worksaver.

Come in for FREE demonstration

Only Hamilton gives you thefsUHEDAvj'iIitra'Violet lamp! rinTHlS DR tR

,G S *.*'

See One of the Hamilton Dealers for a Free Demonstration of this Amazing Time and Labor Saver!

UTAH DEALERS IDAHO DEALERS BARLOW FURNITURE COMPANY Clearfield BINGHAM AND SONS CO Rexburg and Idaho Falls

Richfield BLAKE ELECTRIC COMPANY

City FOSTER'S INC., 816 Bannock St..Boise BRADLEYBADGER, 38 South Main Salt Lake

LIQUEFIED GAS CORPORATION, 703 So. 8th St Boise J.ROCKYG. READMOUNTAIN& BROS. GASCOMPANY,CO., 121224thBeckandSt Kiesel Salt LakeOgdenCity

SOTER'S INC., 51 North Main Midvale ROCKY MOUNTAIN GAS CO Pocatello and Idaho Falls

TAYLOR BROTHERS, 250 West Center Provo

UTAH APPLIANCE CO., 32 East 1st North Provo WILSON BATES APPLIANCE CO Twin Falls, Jerome, and Burley

GORDON E. WILKINS, INC. Intermountain Distributors 142 South Fifth West

Salt Lake City, Utah The Keys To FRANK W. OTTERSTROM

SUCCESS VETERAN REPORTER

at the figure, missing Those who would live successfully ONErecentfamiliarsemiannual conference must first find the keys. Careful study of the Church, was Frank W.

of LDS books gives the answers. Otterstrom, who for thirtyfive

years has been seated at the small table "down front"recording the unnumbered words that come from the mouths of the speakers at conference time. Elder Otterstrom

was recovering from a surgical operation and could not attend the conference sessions.

Bible Stories For Court reporter by profession, he

Young Latter Day Saints is undoubtedly one of the greatest

By Emma Marr Petersen shorthand reporters that the Church

Enriched with 20 illustrations this book has ever had.

brings to life the stories of the Old His friends and associates know and New Testaments accenting the him as being unselfish and generous;

Latterday Saints viewpoint. a man that knows no envy; a person who is not content until he has

The Word of Wisdom done more than his share; and

By John A. and Leah D. Widtsoe whose personality is retiring to a

By a careful study of the Word of fault.

Wisdom as it relates to the science of Frank Otterstrom is doing misnutrition the authors of this book can sionary work by correspondence offer sound, healthful conclusions. r discussing, by letter, the principles

2.75 of the gospel with people in far

Vitality of Mormonism cities who have come to Salt Lake

By Dr. James E. Talmage City on business, and while here

havemet him.

A volume of concise, interesting essays In recent years The Improveon distinctive themes of the restored ment Era has sent him a check forgospel. Points of interest between his services rendered to the magaLDS and others clarified. r/\ zine in recording the conference adSharing the Gospel With Others dresses. The check has usually

been returned with a list of his corBy President George Albert Smith responding friends and investiThis book reveals the inner spirit and gators, and each name on the list mind of a man whose life is rich with was sent a year's subscription to our unusual and varied experiences with magazine.

his fellow men. - E/\ Twentynine years ago this coming January, President Heber J.

Themes of the Restored Gospel Grant obtained a new secretary,

By Sidney B. Sperry Joseph W. Anderson. Elder An-

A collection of sermons and writings derson discovered that one of his that are the fruit of 30 years of a rich duties was the taking of speeches life as a world traveler and teacher in at the Salt Lake Tabernacle. He

Latterday Saint schools. 1 C/\ found Frank Otterstrom ever willing to make the task easier as the

ZCMI BOOKS—Street Floor two of them sat side by side making

their shorthand notes during meetings.

946 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

(MjratmaBi

is

ffl0tttt9

By

Solveig Paulson Russell

-K

VJ/ H, hide the gifts and stir the cakes, -K

For Christmas time is coming;

About the house the youngsters prance, Oh, feed the flame and chop the wood

And mother's work is humming. And bring in greens and trimming.

With Christmas mirth and happiness

Our home is bright with streamer things

The whole house is a-brimming.

And presents in the making, And all the air is tingling with There's sparkle in each merry eye,

The spicy things a-baking. And lips are set for funning,

And every heart's a-tune with joy

For Christmas is a-coming!

DECEMBER 1950 947 LAST SUPPER ONE CHRISTMAS NECESSITY GRANDFATHER'S TREE

By Eleanor Alletta Chaffee By Janie Rhyne By Lalia Mitchell Thornton

beg or must were thirteen together, eating \7ouHpHERE haven't any; * If you -* bread steal one HEToalwaysfind theknewnicestthe Christmasvery placetree,

Broken by One who knew them best of all. I've never known a Christmas And when and how it should be cut.

They watched his face, and one with heart Tree to have too many. "That one's too tall,"he'd say to me.

of lead "And that too thin, and that one leans

Thought of the child he played with by a One or two will furnish Against the wind. Up there a bit

wall Color, magic, glee, Is just the kind would last a month."

Long years before, and how in that child's Once wound up and flashing And then, he'd plan for sawing it.

eyes Round your lighted tree.

A light had gleamed as tender as a star, There was a wood road, not too poor,

As blue as were young childhood's cloudChristmas Eve bring home one And not to narrow or too far, less skies: To keep overnight; A little rutted, but I knew

The memory lay on him like a scar. You'll be waked at dawn We could have made it with the car.

He was not listening now. Within his By gales of swift delight. But Granther always shook his head

hand And brought old Nellie from her stall

The weight of silver lay as cold as steel. Borrow, beg, or steal one And hitched her to the stoneboat for

His forehead burned with an invisible Better two or three! That's how we went, or not at all.

brand: Christmas without children

The floor protested underneath his heel Simply must not be! Yes, Granther liked to have his way,

As he went out, and toward the darkening But Granther's tree was always fine, wood He wouldn't have a hemlock, and

To cool his brow and sleep then, if he He was distrustful of a pine.

could.... Then, home at last, we brought it in

And edged it through the open door

Where Grandma waited, and despite

IF CHRIST SHOULD COME His bluffing, he was boss no more.

By Enola Chamberlin She told him how to set it up,

Just where she wanted it to stand,

IFland,Christ should come tonight into our And Shewhenwouldn'tit cameletto himtrimming,lend a whyhand.

In weariness and hunger, travel sore, But Granther chuckled, and I knew

How many latchstrings would he have in That was the way it ought to be, hand A man to bring it from the woods,

Before he found a welcoming open door? And then a wife to trim a tree.

How many times would he be turned away?

How many times would he be left to stand?

How many hostelries would bid him stay LILACS IN DECEMBER

Although he held the money in his hand?

And yet we blame those ones of long ago, By Anna M. Priestley

Who took no heed of Mary in her plight.

We censure them because a manger low WILL erect a storehouse in my mind;

Became the birthplace of the Christ that I It shall not be shut in by walls or bars;

night. The winds of heaven shall not be less

Oh, confined people, bow your head and hide your PRINCE AND PAUPER face It shall be roofed by night's array of stars.

Till you can give the Christ his rightful By Lucile Coleman There I shall store all summer's precious

tree, this glittering place! npHis things the tree, Against time when winds shall sweep

tree, Christmas -*- This life bare:

it sing; angels wings; as frail as iridescent Beauty

outspread WANDERERS RETURNED EachCarriesglowinga star, branchand aroundis like an I treasure that All shall be hoarded By Margery S. Stewart wing there.

of with years thousand Crowned two comes, I winter forlorn shall be not when the 1"ET forgotten guns in be Jerusalem, memory. with all vanished have dreams And my** the silent the And be at women Wailinq

the swallow; Walk is like visions chart prince a a He who bee to no bird and song no wakes When inSearch the ancient and prophetic in of centuries prayer. carved message dust The hums, brittle theFor telling this papyrus of day, is dull a pauper earthbound whose He in drifted are leaves bright hope's And returned.Wanderers blind not Be ye heart the hollow, fathers yourAs before you. were See how tree tinsel Sees than there. a no with more I the sit ember, dying watch For, as and the land

I in lilacs, December! shall blooming have toLeaps fruitful your welcome, the how tree, this beautiful tree, This

soil This Christmas tree, Holds us bright a promise to your lips, again, the promised Gives as evergreen, bread. spirit knows, but eye has never THE GIFT Which

seen; In Bethlehem the old inns hold again symbol of eternity. By Clarence Edwin Flynn An ancient

stranger,The the fugitive, and the broken,

In the small, narrow streets they touch and—o—have no notion what it cost;

meet, is endears. not what

Believer, lost will be value unbeliever, seeker for the light, FIRST SNOW IIts marketThat

Passing and repassing the place where By Vesta Nickerson Lukei Among the passing years.

Mary stood, Where Joseph questioned and where he * I 'HE world is a bride It was a friendly hand that gave;

was born * In satin pale, It speaks a kindness vast.

Wondering how the radiance of a night All starryeyed These are the values I shall save

Could light a thousand years. With snowflake veil. As long as life shall last.

948 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JOSEPH SMITH Who Ware THE EARLY CONVERTS?

v3u /John v. vviafooe OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

to find dishonesty among them. So, those who in

hat type of people were atvainfallen haveback soughtupon theoccasionunprovedagainstchargethethatfamilyJoseph haveand tracted to the Prophet Joseph his father were gold diggers and crystal gazers.

Smith and the Restored Church? Oliver Cowdery, who was associated with Joseph

Were they, as some have claimed, Smith in most of his spiritual experiences, came of "the scum of society"? This question good stock, was a schoolteacher, later an attorney.

is answered in this month's His nonMormon 1colleagues and the community spoke highly of him.

history, descent, of Pennsylvania were honorDutch EVIDENCES d The Whitmer family, prominent in early Church able, successful Five joined farmers. All the Church.

of the family testified that on different occasions they RECONCILIA TIONS saw the Book of Mormon plates. No derogatory word

CXLIX against the Whitmers has been found.

A large harvest followed the visit in Kirtland of the has been a common pastime of enemies of the four elders assigned to preach to the Indians. Most

IT Church to say flippantly that those who early of them were wellknown in their communities, highly joined the Church were lowgrade people, the accepted, and of influence among the people. The

scum of society. Even some reputable historians have converts generally were not idlers, but competent, infound it easier to accept such statements than to industrious farmers, tradesmen, or professional workers.

vestigate the matter for themselves. The following are typical examples.

The fact is that the converts to the Church were Joseph Knight, Sr., who helped the Prophet before

good representatives of the people who were battling the Church was organized, was a farmer and owner on the pioneer fringe. They were religiouslyminded of a gristmill and a carding machine. He was a

people who had a deep love of truth, which they prosperous, wellrespected member of the community.

sought to satisfy. They were intelligent, honorable The converts by Samuel H. Smith and others, almen, thinking people, the kind who investigate for most immediately after the organization of the Church,

themselves and come to personal conclusions. Their were good citizens, usually above the average. One

sincerity is witnessed by the sacrifices that they unof Samuel H. Smith's first converts was John P.

flinchingly made for their beliefs. Their courage to Greene, a Methodist minister, who became a promiaccept truth in the face of contempt and persecution nent Church worker.

is a lesson for the world. The first organized branch in the Church, at ColesSuch people alone would be attracted, for the ville, New York, was made up of successful farmers,

Church offered nothing but truth. It invited its with a strong sprinkling of tradesmen. Many of them

members to accept truth, and if needs be, to sacrifice followed the miller's trade and became very useful and toil for it. to the Church as it settled in Missouri.

The Church had no wealth, nor prospects of wealth. Thomas B. Marsh, who became the president of the

Positions in the Church came by call; therefore, no

one could, with hope of success, set out to win a commanding place in the Church community. Topossess its truth could be the only motive for acceptMn ArnSiver to the (a/uedtlond or UJonth

ing it. Such people, differing in possessions, abilities,

and attainments, but, alike in their love for truth, first Council of the Twelve, was a successful businessjoined the Church then as now.

man, interested in a type foundry.

joined the of the hundreds Church who A sampling Edward Partridge, the first bishop of the Church,soon after its organization quality the of these shows was a successful businessman, trained as a maker ofconverts.

The lives of those who were associated with Joseph hats.William W. Phelps, one of the most competent of

Smith in his earliest days, and before the organization the early converts, was an editor, writer, and politician.

of the Church, are wellknown. His hymns are favorites among the Latterday Saints.

The Smith family, both immediately and more reThe Pratt brothers ( Parley P., Orson, and William

motely connected with the Prophet, were honorable (Concluded on following page) farmers and tradesmen. Even persecutors have failed Andrew Jenson, L.D.S. Biographical Encyclopedia 1:246.

DECEMBER 1950 949 WHO WERE THE EARLY CONVERTS?

(Concluded from preceding page)

Dickenson) were men of astonishing gifts. Parley P. This is but a small and confessedly inadequate

and Orson Pratt were fervent speakers, lucid phisampling of the many who joined the Church soon losophers: one a poet, the other a mathematician. after its organization. But, a more extended study

They would have risen to eminence would show that those who from the anywhere. beginning helped build the Church were

Sidney Rigdon, an associate of Alexpeople above the average of the times.

ander Campbell, a printer and an eloClearly the converts to the Church quent preacher with a large following, were sane, sober, intelligent persons, was well connected, widely known and representing a high average of the peoestablished. ple who were moving the boundary of

John Taylor, who became the third the nation westward. They were highPresident of the Church, was a turner, grade citizens, far above their neighand a preacher in the Methodist Church, bors, judging from occupations and

Horace K. Whitney, another bishop, stations in the life of those pioneer days.

was a successful merchant of notable These converts were so near the talents. foundation events of the Church as to

Frederick G. Williams was a practishave known intimately Joseph Smith

ing physician of good reputation. He and his family. They were the kind of

had abilities above the average. people who would not associate with

Wilford Woodruff, who also became unworthy persons or accept falsehoods.

the fourth President of the Church, Their characters, occupations, and was a miller. standing in society form a powerful

Brigham Young was a prosperous evidence for the honorable life of "painter, glazier, and carpenter."He Joseph Smith and a sufficient answer

was doing well in his trade when the to careless historians who have begospel message reached him. littled the people who became the founders of the

Naturally, on the frontier, nearly all engaged in Church. The Church has attracted chiefly honest,

some farming; most of the people were farmers. Surintelligent people.

prisingly, however, a list of early converts, taken at It should be noted also that these people accepted random, showed that about onethird were farmers; with deep loyalty their leader, Joseph Smith, as a

onethird onethird craftsmen; merchants and and

prophet. They believed that he had conversed with college scarce in that professional men, men. Some

period, had joined the Church. the Lord. They received his revelations as words of

About five hundred persons converted in the days God. This was the more remarkable because in

of Joseph Smith are mentioned by name in the various human experience it is relatively easy to accept a dead early publications of the Church. The employment of prophet but exceedingly difficult to believe in a living

these converts is mentioned for only about eighty. prophet. This allegiance from clearheaded, hardAmong them were farmers, tradesmen, schoolteachers, headed men, such as Brigham Young, is one of the

businessmen, lawyers, doctors, and preachers. The many evidences of the worth of the messages of

trades were represented by tailors, shoemakers, Joseph Smith and the high character of the Prophet.

cabinetmakers, brickmakers, millers, potters, coopers, like Brigham Young spoke regunsmiths, blacksmiths, turners, and lumbermen. A masterful man

Statistically, these eighty members with their empeatedly of his faith in the truth of the work of ployments enumerated are as follows: Joseph Smith. Constantly he declared that he was

proud to be a follower of the Latterday Prophet.

Farmers 19 Lawyers 10 The unity among the majority of Latterday Saints

Trades 19 Doctors 5 Schoolteachers 11 Ministers 2 has always been a chief annoyance to enemies of the

Businessmen 14 TOTAL 80 restored Church.

950 THF IMPROVEMENT ERA

Jke True Christmas 1. Necktie and Xmas card—Sis. Elizabeth Neilsen

(for iSu fl/{awa C sroseph&ow Cake all of us) and Xmas card

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR Sis. Steven.

At 4:30 p.m. Bro. Neilsen and Leggat

came to the conference house according to to consider matters. appointment really branch Christmas does What I learned the charfrom men's much... odor pungent mean? The of Christmas of In the early hours

... I acters will believe which be helpful. pine, the the the of romance his mother hear morning, he would little the true understand do some men How

mistletoe, the laughter of little chilmoving about long before the chilspirit of the gospel!...

dren, the memories of other Christdren were stirring. Then, when While feeling a little discouraged, the

dear dainty loving card a and Mamma,mases,story—theseand abovebecome allthethe'warpChristand wouldthey wouldhave agetfewup,nuts,theperhapsstockingsan postman brought a fine loving letter from from Annie. read encouragMamma's To

the woof of this greatest of holy apple, one or two pieces of stick ing words would banish the most gloomy days. candy, and on the very top of the feelings. I thank God for loving parents

Sometimes, in the hustle and busstocking, a pielet, as he called it. and affectionate brothers and sisters!

tle of preparation, the true message It was undoubtedly a tart or a small Wherefound. true love reigns, there Heaven is

of this day is forgotten. The knowlpie. As a child, he never saw an The three of us took an evening stroll.

edge of what Christ means in our orange or even a lemon. That was Although Christmas Eve, nothing unusual

lives becomes secondary to the the Christmas in the Clark housewas seen.

awareness of feasting and getting hold, but President Clark is in12:30 p.m. Christmas Eve! Two years

and giving. sistent that -the children looked ago at about this hour I was with my

sisters and going pleasant from a Perhaps Christ- a the view of its brother to that stocking, forward with

I party! playing with was "When my leaders of ourmases draw may exciteall the bounty, with us meager brother, to take was Happy me my I, O

back to a wiser celebration and a ment and anticipation with which a loving mother, There let me live and die."

full renewal of the spirit of the day. child looks forward to"Christmas This just about expresses my feelings tolike into to the I would dear peep President Albert George furthermore,"Smith nowadays. he night. "And

little old the see preparing ones and home a life filledhad with an abundance states quietly, "though presents and for Claus! Santa year Perhaps one from

of love the of a devoted mother lacking, and toys were there existed in tonight will find us all in the happy home:

for thelove gospel, but grant therje was that Heaven the most; our home

not an abundance of wh'at thfose of precious gifts of this be so.

the might call world "the comforts all—health and Sunday, Dec. 25, 1898

life."riotof Christmas a time was happiness."

for extravagant spending of money; What could be As Elders Edward,

I arose and rather restatement it was a time of more beds, from our weof in relation values to the life of than that satisfying—and greetedMcKnight, each other

Christ. Since President Smith's without all the with a "I wish you a

father was'away on missions for headaches and Merry Xmas;"but the

halfhearted in manner the time, part of -the Church money worries about who S*'it exwhich was,4ll \'l usual.was scarce even more than present gave a that pressed showed

But President Smith's mother never without receiving there was a doubt that failed to have an apple or some one in return—or trying to get out the wish would be realized. Priesthood

little goodie for her family. And of debt for having spent more than meeting. Sunday School, and meetings as

more than that, she would tell him one should? manifestedusual. Thelaststormynightscenein ourandmeetingbad feelingmade

and her other children that they Let's turn to President McKay's me fear that today's meetings would feel were indeed rich, for they had in diary for a very important Christthe effect. But earnest prayers were antheir veins the blood of some of the mas that he celebrated away from swered; and a better day throughout is

enjoyed.best families in the world. a missionary in seldom home when he was

at Sister dinner was eaten Our Xmas Christmas to President Smith Scotland, item reads, The... Neilson's. Christmas night found

came to be and has remained the feeling in better spirits than Xmas morning.us

best day of the entire year, for it Glasgow, Scotland, Saturday, Dec. 24, 1898 We were somewhat tired—Sunday's strain

feeling usually leaves as us weserves as a vivid reminder so—but of the

After posting cards, Brother some Xmas to knelt prayers, evening each have ourChrist, whose way of life we visited Sister all McKnight Gaini and I and felt for of '98. thankful one Christmas

would emulate. found her feeling somewhat better, alPresident J. Reuben Clark, Jr., though still confined to her bed. And twentytwo years later, on

said that children of his early days Received several Xmas presents—some Christmas, President McKay

never had such a Christmas as is were given a day or so back: recorded another celebration:

1. satin necktie card and White Xmascelebrated today. his He, with

25, Saturday. 1920 December Brother Sister and Reid Wm.brothers sisters, did and hang up 1. knit Pair socks cards and Xmas the mind, from was my How foreign

his stocking before going to bed. Sis. Maggie Gain 1 03 1 on page ( Continued

DECEMBER 1950 951 Heritage in the Pacific...

Every missionary yearns for the opfor portunity returning—even a riote:\ on the rwawallavi Lentenniai the the mission and short visit—toof

people whom he labored among. This

dream came true for D. Arthur Haycock, when he with his wife, Maurine, MCOCi

accompanied President George Albert Smith to Hawaii last August. SECRETARY TO

Elder Haycock was returning, as secPRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH retary to President Smith, to the land of his mission, and observing the progress that had been made in a decade and a half. Sister Haycock The boat was met by many hunfirst those for the time seeing was

islands fabulous she of which had dreds of Saints who had come to heard so much from her husband. welcome the prophet of the Lord

to their beautiful shores. There was

a note of sadness, however, as we century ago ten young misentered the harbor. Some newssionaries of the Church of Jesus papermen gave us the sad news ofA Christ of Latterday Saints the passing of President George F.

stepped off the ship Imaum of MusRichards of the Council of the cat after an eventful voyage of Twelve. President Smith was pareighteen days from San Francisco. ticularly distressed, for he had lost

They had gone to Hawaii in answer a lifetime friend and associate. At

to a call from the Church to serve Elder D. Arthur Haycock first it was thought that possibly

in the newlyestablished mission of McClellanand his wife,Haycock.Maurine President Smith might return home

the Sandwich Islands. Their accommodations had consisted of

some rude bunks which were secured between the decks, and were very uncomfortable, to say the least.

I could not help thinking of these things as President George Albert

Smith, Elder Henry D. Moyle, and

their party went to Hawaii one hundred years later to celebrate the centennial of the Hawaiian Mission.

President Smith and Elder Moyle were accompanied by the President's two daughters, Mrs. Robert

Murray Stewart and Mrs. George

O. Elliott, Elder Moyle's wife, my

wife, and me, secretary to President Smith. We had made the trip

from the California coast to Hawaii on a beautiful luxury liner that A scene from the pageant "One Hunderd Years of Mormonism in Hawaii:

sailed across a sea as calm and blue as a millpond. Also enjoying the

comfort and beauty of the 5. 5. Larand progress made by the memberby plane and attend the funeral

line, were some one hundred fifty ship of the Church there during services of President Richards.

members of the Church who were the past century. We sailed from While still on the boat he dictated

making the trip to enjoy the cenLos Angeles the afternoon of Authe following message to be sent tennial program. Many others had gust 4 and arrived at the pier at back to the widow and the family

preceded them on the previous sailHonolulu alongside the Aloha of the deceased:

ing, and still others flew over in Tower early in the morning of giant airplanes that make the trip August 9. It is impossible to put All members of the Church here in

from the mainland to the islands in into words the joy and satisfaction Hawaiifamily ofsendone ofloveGod'sand greatsympathycharacters.to the

nine hours. As one contrasts the which were mine in returning to the

mode of travel between now and islands that I loved so well, where As soon as we left the boat, hunone hundred years ago, one is also as a boy of eighteen I served as a dreds of people crowded around and

Impressed with the advancement missionary. virtually covered the party with

952 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA his right in Hawaii: were of the Church On with Smith members President Scene from

his left Chinese a Hawaiian. a and on Filipino, and Japanese; a a Samoan, Pioneers monumentthe, dedicationcommemoratingof thetheDaughtershundredth ofanniversary.the Utah a

their in native costumes. All were dressed

beautiful flower leis. President dred years'activity in Hawaii and

Smith and his daughters then went were a credit to the Church and directly to the beautiful home of its people.

President and Sister Ralph E. In the afternoon of the day we

Woolley of the Oahu Stake. There landed, an impressive reception was

President Smith talked by radioheld at the Oahu Stake Tabernacle phone with his counselors in Salt particularly to welcome those who

Lake City, and it was decided that had come from the mainland to join it would be wiser for him to remain with the local Saints in the celein Hawaii and continue the cenbration. There were music and

tennial program which, in addition dancing and happy reunions. Colorto commemorating the centennial of ful costumes and flowers were

the Church in Hawaii, would now everywhere. Dozens of hostesses in

also take the form of a memorial holokus, the Hawaiian formal dress for President Richards. with a train, or their muumuu, which

The program that had been aris similar to a "Mother Hubbard,"ranged in celebrafion of the cenand in Japanese and Chinese tennial was a full one, covering a dresses, presented everyone who

his daughters, Emily days.period with of twelve Smith President And

Elliott, Edith who Smith Stewart and Smiththing that and was done the islands. trip to the on him said—theeverycameSaints within Hiloa beautifulhad sent lei.over Theten accompanied

meetings, the singing, the pageant, thousand orchids for the occasion, all were a fitting climax to a hunand many orchid leis were worn make the tree one of the focal points by those who were in attendance. of interest.

It was interesting to note that these The next morning, Elder and leis contained at least two or three Sister Moyle and many of the mishundred baby orchids each. sionaries accompanied President

This was my first view of the and Sister Clissold of the Hawaii

Oahu Stake Tabernacle at the corMission to Maui where the first ner of Kalakaua and Beretania general session of the conference streets, one of the finest locations in was held at Wailuku, in the mornall of Honolulu. As I walked about ing, and an historical pageant in the

the grounds admiring the beauty of Baldwin High School in the eventhe trees, the flowers, and the maging. On Friday, August 11, we

nificent building itself, my thoughts accompanied President Smith and "went back to a Sunday morning fifhis daughters by plane to the island teen years before when I had atof Maui, where we were greeted tended the first meeting ever held by Elder and Sister Moyle and on the grounds soon after the many of the Saints and missionaries property had been purchased. The and were presented with beautiful

mission president and a few of the red carnation leis, which are noted missionaries met and sang a song for their rich, spicy fragrance. The

and had a short prayer. Then, this trip from Honolulu to Maui took

beautiful edifice was only a dream, fortyfive minutes, and en route we

President Smith with the lei which was prebut the same majestic banyan tree passed over the islands of Molokai sented to him fashioned and of one hundred is still out in front. In fact, the and Lanai. As we soared quietly giant orchids, for one each year of Church

activity in Hawaii. building had been constructed to [Continued on [allowing page)

DECEMBER 1950 953.

HERITAGE IN THE PACIFIC..

(Continued from preceding page) a bazaar, and saw the Relief Sogreat man. Following the meeting

along over the beautiful blue Pacific, ciety handwork and the Polynesian President Smith and Brother Moyle looking down on the lush green curios. In the late afternoon the indicated that never before had they

valleys of the islands which apRelief Society served a poi supper, attended a meeting where they felt peared on each side, I could not and then at seven in the evening the Spirit of the Lord in greater help thinking of the previous trips priesthood and Relief Society meetabundance.

I had made between these islands ings were held. The Relief SoIn the afternoon, on Sunday, conon a small steamer, going steerage ciety was honored with the presference sessions were held in Haand sleeping on a coil of rope or on ence of President Smith's daughter, waiian and in Japanese, one in the

the deck alongside the anchor chain. Edith Smith Elliott, a member of tabernacle, and the other in the

Then it was an allnight ride, and the Relief Society general board. Waikiki Ward chapel.

not always a pleasant and comSunday morning, August 13, was On August 14, because of a lack fortable one. As soon as we landed a beautiful day, and when the Presiof sufficient strength, President

at the airport on Maui, we stepped dent arrived, he found the buildings Smith was unable to attend the into the cars which were waiting and patios filled to overflowing with dedication of the Daughters of the and drove part way up the massive, 3,265 people present. As President Utah Pioneers marker on the taberextinct volcano Haleakala to the Smith entered, he was presented nacle grounds commemorating the

little chapel at Pulehu, the site of with a gorgeous orchid lei fashioned arrival of the first missionaries to the first baptisms a hundred years out of one hundred giant orchids, Hawaii, December 12, 1850. The

ago. The service was being held each bloom representing one year dedication services, under the direcoutside because the chapel would since the gospel was first taken to tion of the Ilima Camp, Daughters

only seat some forty or fifty, and the Hawaiian Islands. The beautiof the Pioneers, was short but imthere were several hundred present ful orchids against the President's pressive.

at this service. white suit produced an effect which The following day President

Elder Henry D. Moyle spoke to took the breath of all present. Smith and his party called and paid

those who were assembled, and then One of the highlights of the respects to Governor Ingram M.

President George Albert Smith meeting was the presentation by Stainback of the Territory of Hatalked. He reminded the people George Q. Cannon III, a grandson waii. Governor Stainback was comwho were present that this meeting of President George Q. Cannon, of plimentary to the Latterday Saints.

was being held on sacred ground President Cannon's personal copy A few of his comments were:

and urged them to be grateful for of the Book of Mormon in Ha- I think the Mormons have done more organifor the people than any Hawaiiantheir their heritage and homeland, waiian. This a remarkable book is in

I just in saythe territory. am not to live thatand so they would be state of preservation, and this are I have only reingzation because you Mormons.

able to inherit a place in the celescently was obtained by a collector said it to others. You seem to instil a

tial kingdom which would be estabof rare books who made it available capacity in them to endure. The other

tolished here upon this earth. He paid to the Cannon family, who in turn groups of Hawaiians here don't seem

the to to but work, seem Mormonstribute to President George it to Q. presented that like President Smith

I to inspiration work, and give them an the first performedCannon who it might be placed in the archives the are believe ones only have you who baptisms in Hawaii within a few of the Church and there be prebeen able to do that. No nation can exist

feet of where the service was being served for posterity. unless the people work. Mormons have

to work.held. One impressive feature of the When President Smith rose to stimulated the Hawaiians

program occurred when Sister speak, all of the congregation arose President Smith attended the

Rosannah Cannon Irvine, daughter as one man in a spontaneous demonmeeting that evening of the Oahu of President George Q. Cannon, stration of love and respect for this Stake high council and spoke to

placed a lei around a picture of them, giving them words of counsel,

President Cannon which hung from inspiration, and commendation, and the pulpit. Another indication of the CHRISTMAS TREES visited with President Emil C. Dunn

profound effect that the news of the By Olive May Cook of the Tongan Mission, who had death of his beloved friend, Presine stood in a room, wellfurnished and just landed in Hawaii on his way

F. Richards,dent gay, George had faroff that mission. from home upon O

distance away. other in a cabin some The Smith's President mentionhim was the then President Smith met with treat trimmed, the one Meticulously was a

while speaking at Pulehu Maui that For all passersby on that select street. Hawaii Mission presidency.

at this servicesalmost very hour morning of Wednesday, On the in the held greatwere being 16, President Smith went Taber- A mereother, pigmy in comparison was the August nacle in Salt Lake City for PresiWith homecraft trinkets made by a mother. to the tabernacle and there adin its each lovingly hung, one were They the Richards. servdent Following missionaries dressed the had who

place, ices feast held a luau or native was for meeting. a testimony assembled Grace. and and By father Judy and Tommy

at the Kahului Fair Grounds, with Before President Smith arose to several hundred in attendance. The big tree shone gorgeous with metallic speak, we had the privilege of

glitter, The next day, Saturday, August Intriguing children as well as the "sitter."hearing the testimonies of many of

12, a missionary report meeting was But lights on the other were brighter to the young missionaries.

held in the Honolulu Tabernacle. For see,bits of five hearts were entwined in In the early afternoon of August

At two in the afternoon we attended the tree. (Continued on page 1026)

954 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA n they will like OYS i5u A5url Shepherd y r

grows older, the doll becomes somethe very young may be quite simple;

thing for her to mother, and she the primary colors are enough.

wants it to be pretty. Later still, To babies give objects to look at

she will decide it needs a new wardor listen to, to bite and shake, small robe, and from then on she develops enough to be grasped by a baby simple sewing skills which continue hand; beads, balls, cotton reels,

until she tires of dolls and begins spoons, rattles, rings to bite. The

to sew for herself. toddler of two will enjoy things to

most often gets a kick out Children like toys that put their push and pull—carts, trucks, trains.Whoof Tommy's electric train? hands and their imaginations to Youngsters over a yearand-a-half

Usually, it is Tommy's father; work—toys they can use without but less than three are always getfor unless Tommy is mature enough dependence on adult help. The ting into things; they want to pull

to appreciate the mechanism of baby of eight months will only pick everything apart and examine it.

trains, he will watch it in amusement up blocks and throw them, but a for awhile and then go back to his few months later he will arrange building blocks. Those, he underthose same blocks in a neat row, something.Children like above all else to make

stands. and in a year or two erect buildings Blocks, crayons, modeling clay are

Parents select their children's asand towers with these tools which amongneeds. the things which satisfy their

sociates, schools, and social activihe has learned to use well. Says

ties with some care because these one author on the subject of toys:

environmental influences play a definite part in the child's development. But toys, also tools of

growth and learning, are too often bought with little regard to the child's needs or his level of understanding.

Young Susan, for instance, who is two, would as soon carry her curlyheaded mammadoll upside down as not and doesn't care whether or not it has a pretty face;

a cuddly doll that will stand lots of handling is for her. But as she

Simple sewing skills develop when delights she for is best preparation in mak- "The any stage Here toys where building come ing wardrobes new of is to development in: experience fit boards, blocks that topeg doll. for her

thoroughly the stage which naturalgether, rubber blocks to pile up and ly precedes it."knock over.

Twoyear-old Johnnie will slap Small children like above all else water colors on his canvas with no to make something. Blocks, crayons,

forethought or purpose; but that paints, molding clay, are among the

does not matter. He learns by lookraw materials which satisfy this

ing, feeling, and trying out, and by need and are popular with children four years of age, he will have an of all ages.

eye for a finished product. So long From two to five the youngster

as he enjoys it, his measure of skill will also make good use of pullis unimportant. A child may paint about toys, especially those that can

his feelings in vivid colors, and his be put together from separate parts;

imagination thus gives him great cutouts, with dull, blunt scissors;

satisfaction. Painting materials for gymnastic apparatus; dolls and toy

animals; picture books and simple The Wise Choice of Togs, Ethel Kawi University of Chicago Press, 1938. Page 2. (Continued on page 1047)

DECEMBER 1950 955

i

the three on his back were caroling as they traveled toward the trading post.

Trader Lee Tabor was serious as he looked over the windswept The Gift Horse mesa from the comfortable office of his Whiterock Trading Post with from the government's Great White its rugs and Indian paintings, and Father. &9great fireplace wafting incense from Worse yet, Christmas was comjuniper and pinon wood embers. ing. That meant gifts. And old dohn oA erman 1/1/aiker

Far down the valley he could White Wolf had his peculiar ideas just glimpse an igloolike hogan outabout Christmas giftgiving, dating lined amid the clutter of upjutting from the time when Lee Tabor and white man's ritual of giftgiving at volcanic rocks, where he knew old his wife Nina had taken over the the Christmas season. He had, in

Chief White Wolf would be sitting Whiterock store and that first fact, come to imagine the ritual as on the dirt floor of his hogan, Christmas had presented every Inan essential part of being a member muffled in blankets against the cold, dian in the valley with a gift. of the Christian community. This

first Trader gift Tabor'slike some old mummified idol—and White a had been Wolf handsomejust as impassive and as hard to to Chief yearfriend—andhe wouldwouldhavecertainlyno gift foraccepthis

reason with. lyfashioned hunting knife in tooled no gift himself. Some kind of

leather sheath. Greatly impressed, disaster seemed imminent. That Lee was Tabor's problem. chief, the then affluent, more had That was Lee how Tabor was to help the oldHow proud chief—presented Lee Tabor fine with a it reasoning in his out his mind, and oncewho his had numbered sheep silverworked belt, his and wife with reasoning in to circles, seemed endand goats the by hundreds and now a turquoise necklace. gifts Varied closer no to solution a of the vexing poorerwas than jack the rabbits had been at exchanged each Christproblem.

without offending his dignity. mas time thereafter between the The lines in Tabor's ruddy face

More than once the taciturn old chief and his good friend, the trader. deepened, and thoughtfully he

chief had spurned the genial trader's turned to the doorway into the adoffers, whether of a loan of money, CJo it was that old Chief White joining big room of the trading post, food, or supplies from the trading Wolf, who had been converted, piled with its colorful stock of goods post. Nor would the independent after a fashion, to the white man's and supplies. As he stood in the

old man deign to accept any relief religion, had come to understand the doorway, his wife looked up from her bookwork on accounts and reyellow and blue cloth they so loved joined Nina. "Frankly, I don't think

garded him for a minute before she for dresses. They must look their he'd feed any part of it even to his

spoke. best for the approaching Christmas goats, if he thought you were pity-

"Your face is darker than the holidays. ing him. But I'll help in any way I

weather outside, Lee. What's on can."

your mind?"HTwo Indian men rode up, hitched Big Lee went to the window of

"Just what are we going to do, their ponies to the rail in the the office and held the curtain aside

Nina,"demanded the frowning Lee, windy street and stomped into the as he stared for the dozenth time "about that obstinate old Chief store, spurs a-jingle on their cowthat afternoon through the sleety

White Wolf? How can anybody boy boots, their dark hair held with mist, down at the snowmounded

be thinking about a merry Christbright bands, their costumes aflash hogan of old White Wolf.

mas with that stubborn old man with silver and turquoise. He was drawing on gloves and

sitting down there in that hogan, They also were getting ready reaching for his hat, when his keen practically freezing and starving to for the big Christmas celebration. eyes caught the slow trot of a pinto

death? Won't accept a thing, even Everyone was in a gay, spending pony just turning out of the corral

from the government."mood. And everyone seemed to have by old White Wolf's hogan. Atop

Nina Tabor stared from the winmoney, or goodsin-trade, to indulge the stiffgaited old horse, riding dow, as a low wind whined about the spirit—everyone, that is, exbareback, the gnomish form of Billy

the eaves of the building with a cept old Chief White Wolf and his Bluejay, the old chief's grandson, swirl of powdery snow, as she andaughter's family, her husband, and his uncut black hair flaring from swered. their little son, Billy Bluejay—the under his red headband, looked a

"He's proud, Lee—terribly proud. only ones in the village whom the dark mite in the storm.

I really don't know the answer to old chief would accept favors from, Watching, Tabor mused aloud.

that one. If only he had some gift and who were doing all right just "I wonder now where that old

to give you this Christmas, perhaps to support themselves with their bag of horseflesh is taking our young friend Billy, in a storm like this.

He's coming calling, looks like."

Nina joined her husband, her brown eyes following the awkward course of old horse and young rider as they cloppityclopped up the muddy road.

Billy Bluejay threw a hasty leg off the swayback of the pinto, and he tied it at the hitching rail in front of the trading post, gave the old horse a fond pat, then scrambled up the steps and into the store, banging

V <>&&(}/imfih)fti the door.

For a minute the little Indian, looking wild indeed with windwe could give him something subvery small flock of goats* and their tangled hair and wearing nondestantial in return without offending tiny plot of maize and melons in script clothing, blinked the snow him."season. mist from his jetbright eyes, then

Lee gave a helpless shrug of his It was an exasperating, ridiculous saw Lee and Nina smiling from the wide shoulders. situation; but apparently nothing end of the room. Lee called a wel-

"Don't think he would take a could be done about it, the blunt come. Billy—-now what can we dopresent, if he didn't have one to old chief being tempered as he was. "Hi,

for today?"you

I'veoffer in return. too him known thus, of the spirit days went HThe curious, halfhalf-doleful, The that. believe tolong Now—he's festive the season mounting at cast as defiant Billy look which them

at the most,got less nothing; than the neared. Christmas before eve blurting puzzling; then he was was his thatblankets on back—and to dwell continued Lee moodTabor his out message.

gets piebald hebony, mustang pony ily his the condition of sorry upon is horse, from "Thees outside—he gift on. Christmas Thisaround friend. old Indian stubborn day The grandfather Creesmy to you—for is his to oldbusiness going break final, Christmas, Lee before a made mus. CreesMerry He he'sheart. the In meantime, slowdefinite his wife. to announcement to mus, your Meester says Tabur—andmuch his killingly of himself because to the load "I'm going with truck Meesus."

Ipride. can about do what And clothing groceries and some warm

it?"and dump them right in old White '"That was all. Like the rush and

His wife went to serve a group Wolf's hogan, whether he likes it go of the wind the boy was gone, of Indian women in colorful calico or not. He's going to take the heart with a flash of white teeth and the

skirts and velvet blouses who had right out of Christmas this year if look of calamity in his dark, almost come into the store. he persists in holding out in his old tearful eyes.

They'd come with sacks of sweet fool way about a little charity."They could only rush to the winpinon nuts to trade for the red and "If that would do any good,"en- (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1950 957 THE GIFT HORSE

(Continued from preceding page) to be wrapped for old Chief White Be wrapping the packages, while I indow for a glimpse of the racing litWolf—lots of them. Meats and get that fancy saddle we've had

tle whirlwind, who paused for a fruit and canned goods. We'll wrap the back room for so long, the

rosettes, andfinal pat on the neck of the pinto them fancy, Lee—some good subbridle with the shiny

pony, then fled down the slushystantial food, done up like Christ- a couple of currycombs. I'll doll up

street, lost in the gusty storm. mas gifts. Warm socks and mufflers, that old nag so Billy won't recogSpeechless, Lee and Nina looked a big box of candies for the old nize it. He's not going to lose his

at each other. The incredulous exchief's family; some overalls and pony if I can help it."

clamation of Lee finally cut the sishirts for Billy—everything they

lence. need.",\I7'ithout further explanations,

"Can you imagine that! The old Her husband was smiling. Lee threw on a coat and was

chief's Christmas present—to us; "I expect,"he said, "that you're out untying the pinto seconds later.

that fleabitten old cayuse. Ha the smartest gal in the world—and He led the patient pony to a shelha—ha."the nicest."tered shed in the rear of the trading

But Nina cut him short, her eyes Nina gave him a sly smile. post and set to work with a set of

serious. "I'd just better be, Mr. Tabor. currycombs on its shaggy mane and

"Don't laugh, Lee. It's the grandIt's a strange thing, but, do you blotchy hide.

est gesture I've ever heard of. know, I love you, too. Otherwise, do That finished, he replaced the

Would any of your friends give you suppose I'd stay in this hermitpony's worn hackamore with the blanket of a place a saddle bridle, threw with you through new their as age garage out of the caryou 7"topped these years back, and the animal's over It to the gift? amounts Christmasa

same thing. That old horse is abLee bantered. it with the handsome saddle set

solutely the last thing on earth the "You'd miss our people here, the with shining conchas, and tightened old chief owned; and a horse to an same as I would, if we went away, the cinches. He tied a red and

horse's the in mane ribbon green is know it."Indian wealth and prestige and Nina—you the effect. to view back stood and of travel.an only way She nodded.

mustang "broom"-tailed old The it it, rather he's up, "Yet, given right. to think of you're "Come the for county enough looked good this let usthan get ever along withdown How'd we now horse the gave fair. chuckled, Lee Billy's that look on obstinate oldAnd out and White Wolf Christmas.face—like scooting then went lump, a sugar feet, his at laying hearthe our Billy was Bluejay, Mrs. and Minnie voice store. His the into back It's that pony. he gave upwhen her papoose. Moonflower and new

the old chief's to give, true. But Yes, I'd miss 'em, Lee. boomed out as he entered.

Nina?"ready, "Everything since thatthe tended pony boy's aren't forgetting "But somewe scurrying called, she about,""Just it. to straddle old enoughhe was thing? to ever are going we How different a dozen place the on about to trouble got double we'veNow to for Billy his loss the of up make dobeen have you errands. "What the holidays. tolook forward over looked he pony? he The way when ing?"thisBilly's get to over not going that horse over handed almost broke mackiinto a see. Get "You'll

I see. time, Billyfor a long can To it, heart. with What'll do we my callChristmas going naw—we're line finethat of a has horse every it can't to give anyway? back ing."racer."thoroughbred chief, the now—We unhamper packed the Hooking

Soberly Lee replied. A shrewd light was in Lee der one arm and his wife under the

"I'm not laughing, Nina, at the Tabor's eyes as he answered. other, laughing, Lee called over his

giver; you know that; nor at the "Not exactly. But your ideas are shoulder to an Indian boy in the

gift. But whoever could have catching. I've got one of my own. store.

that the old chiefimagined would for awhile, Jimmy. over "Take

horse?give us his can What call to make. a hurryup got I posWe've

sibly do with a wheezy old bag o'Back soon."

bones like that? I can't accept it,, TO A DAUGHTER

of course. I'd better get it back By Elizabeth S. Norn's Cutside, Nina caught her breath,to the corral at the hogan before

the old plug gets snowed under out Should dreams be proven dreams—not gailycaparisonedat both the crisppony.airThenand Leethe more,there."

And castles fall in ruins at your feet, held a stirrup for her boot, secured like But a quick sparkle had come into the closing sorrow, of a the giftfilled saddle on basket door, the time, such Bring a sweet, my Shouldloneliness—at eyes.Nina's easily behind horn, up and swung for of the the comfort Reach commonplace "No—wait, Lee, I've an idea. And seek the miracles in simple things: her.

smile face, a wellloved happy The upon chief's gift hasDon't you see—the like gone, they were Then flashing, flower, or brook silver wings A in given. can returnbeen Now we soft, the skies, of Against backdrop his lady, summer errant knight and some

kind. Frail That with cobwebs shimmering dew, old horse may solve gailyrigged Rosinante their that rise on mountain peaks Or purplepaintedthe problem."whole across welter of storm, the through pierce the infinite of heaven's blue. To

"Well, how then?"Compared with these, how pale the dreams the wide snow fields, to the hogan

"How? What are we waiting YouYou built!dreamed,And howevenchildishgrief, it castlesseems tall of old Chief White Wolf.

for? Let's get busy. There are gifts Recedes, or proves not grief at all. (Continued on page 1033)

958 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Merry Christmas wd raui

Warm water and soap felt good.

all over off lots5iay <JJ)laritka Mendterion him.He latheredIt tookuplongerlots ofto soaprinse

day before Christmas started of soap, and the water ran off his shoulders onto his stomach—likeTheout bright and sunny. Joey

helped Pop salt the paths and gravy pouring over mashed potathe driveway so no one would slip. toes.

ifThen he ran out to roll over and Oh, the gravy! He wondered

it. Heover in the snow just because he he really knew how to make

felt so happy. sat still, frowning, trying to rememit on Mother was coming home tober how Aunt Nettie did

Thanksgiving. She put the roasterday! She'd been gone hundreds

fire the over stove. the top on Then lots of weeks.and hundreds—well,

... a flour of she got cupIt's hard to keep track you're when

only seven. But she had gone right "Joey, don't dawdle!"Aunt Netafter Thanksgiving and that was a tie warned from the foot of the

long time ago. It sure took a long stairs.

time to get an operation. He hurried out of the tub and

He had so many things to show into fresh clothes. He couldn't

and tell her, he was afraid he seem to part his hair straight, and couldn't even remember them all. his underwear pulled to one side.

The important things today were But he thought he looked fine the Christmas tree and good enough, anyhow, to give

Pete's sake! He had almost forMother his biggest hug and show

gotten the gravy! Aunt Nettie her the Christmas tree.

promised he could make it. It was "Joey!"The voice, strange yet

to be special turkey gravy, the kind familiar, came from the downstairs

Mother liked, rich and brown and hall. His throat felt funny. He

running off the mashed potatoes blinked. He was too big to cry!

to make brown puddles on the plate. "Joey?"The voice again, a litit, He'd then he'd say, make tle anxious. It was Mother! coming was "I JJother the gravy!"made Mother would stairs the ran so fast down He I She'd home todaylook surprised pleased. and When missed steps. of the he some But

she tasted it, she'd say, "M-m! been gone hundreds and he kept his hand sliding on the banWhat delicious gravy!"hundreds—well, lots of nister so he didn't fall. Then he

Maybe it was time now to make weeks. threw himself at his mother and

the gravy. He yelled and listened hugged so hard she gasped forto the echo. Then he ran to the surprises—maybe even a drum with breath, laughing.

back door, remembering to stamp red and white stripes!

felt shy. he Suddenly stepped He offthe in. for bath, before he '""Time your snow went Aunt Joey,"

a little. back looked Mother Why, Nettie bustling Aunt around called. was pop's Nettie "Your

like just the in fairy his Christmasthe kitchen, hips her wide swaying for mother. your going want You

fell hair storybook! shiny Herin ticktock with the rhythm of the all slicked to get up."

softly shoulders. her onto eyes Herold clock. kitchen his nodded sake! Pete's Joey Already? He bright awfully her folwere and mouthhead, in time. keeping stairs. the Nettie up lowed Aunt

little looked a shaky, though even Pies the cooling already tickwere on the old could clock hear He laughing. she a was She wasdrainboard. Nettie Aunt in opened kitchen. the tock wondered He beautiful did Mother! a need Shethe if turkey. the door if basted oven and stop the clock would Aunt

little fattening up, though. over her shoulder. peeked hips.Joey her Nettie No, swaying stopped

it wasn't time yet to make the Pop scooped her up in his arms gravy. and strode to the couch in the

He took off his coat and went to living room. Her eyes got big and

the living room. The whole house excited when she looked at the tree,

just as Joey had known they would.was shining and smiling. The hen one's mother

Christmas tree stood there waiting comes home from, a She held out her hand to him. He

over went and rubbed his face Claus. and Santafor Mother stay It long, at the hoslong

it. against with tinselshone canes and candy pital, she have should

better "I'd get dinner the balls. on popcorn Nothingand to do extra good, something

table,"said. Nettie Aunt at look In imagine. but it andnow

... thought Joeythe there'd of morning be lots {Continued 1023) on page

DECEMBER 1950 959

BIBLE STORIES FOR YOUNG

LATTERDAY SAINTS (Emma Marr Petersen. Bookcraft Co.,

Salt Lake City. 1950. 310 pages. On The Children's

$2.75.) npHE author has done an exceptionalin Oregon had also died. How they A CAP FOR MUL CHAND

ly fine piece of work in her cormet their problems and with the help (Julie Forsyth Batchelor. Harcourt,

relation of Book of Mormon, Pearl of of kindhearted friends in a strange Brace and Company, New York. 1950.

Great Price, and the Bible, thus adding country were able to keep together as 58 pages. $2.00.

information not found in the Bible a family makes an absorbing story. IITul Chand, an Asiatic Indian, setsalone. This book includes both the—D. L. G. out to earn a cap so he can take a

Old and New Testament stories in trip. And youngsters who have the

one volume. The book is one that thrill of reading their first books alone

should find a place in every Latterday can discover the world of these InSaint home, whether there are children dians. A, L. Z., Jr.

or not, but no home with children should be without it. The art work PETER HOLT, P. K.

doesword.—M.much C.to /. enhance the printed Co.,(JeanNewBothwell.York, 241Harcourt,pages. Brace$2.50.) and

TThe "P. K."in the title identifies

BRANCHES OVER THE WALL Peter as the "preacher's kid."In

(Ora Pate Stewart. Zion Printing & Millersville, where his father came to

Publishing Co., Independence, Mo. lead the local Protestant church, Peter

1950. $1.00.) found that he had to sleep on a folding

A companion book to God Planted bed. But Millersville offered the

a Tree, this book should be wellspace where he could grow his beloved received by those who have learned rabbits, too. Then there were friends

the ability of this capable writer. The to make among the city and the church

author has given innumerable lectures folk.—A. L. Z., Jr.

on the Book of Mormon and has done years of research. This book has been OWLS

condensed from her experience. Even (Herbert S. Zim. William Morrow &

for those who have a testimony, this Company, New York. 1950. 66 pages.

book will prove valuable, and it will $2.00.)

of inestimable value prove to young TPhis fascinating and informative investigators. actual people and The

places where the Nephites and Lamanstory of every kind of owl in the ites lived is not known for a surety. United States will intrigue naturelov-

The author in this book indicates the ing boys and girls from six years up.

probable places where she thinks they It is filled with illustrations to supplewhat the of story owls see, how lived.—M. C. J. If ment

their for eat, care they they how

CHRISTOPHER AND HIS UNEXPECTED SUMMER young,This scienceand howpicturetheybookaid isthewrittenfarmer.in TURTLE E. Mallette. (Gertrude Doubleday & simple language. B. S.

212 pages. York. 1949. (Eleanor Francis Lattimore. William Company. New

Morrow & Company, Inc., New York. $2.25.) CATS 126 pages. $2.00.) mystery, comand romance Action, S. illustrated Wilfrid by and ( Written Christopher led astray "Voung was thrilling this to and a bine make Harcourt, Brace Company, Bronson. &

turtle a his given to him by by highgirl of for the hovel worthwhile pages. 1950. 74 $2.00.) York. New mother. his to only take wanted He is conage. Selden school Meredith

cats, alley cats, cats, tame "\17ild street the to to pet across new show solves fronted with which a dilemma are described and Antonia, but he had never crossed the itself when she brings into play her barn cats—all

street alone before, and after getting knowledge of candymaking which she amply illustrated in this science picture for reading It should be good a with mixed of school procession up learned in high school. E. J. M. book.

inold, or young any person, who is children, lost his he of way. A variety

instincts, pets. in these Their terested exciting followed, adventures taking ALL ABOUT MARJORY them, for den to a make how clear him to the Mississippi beRiver Harcourt, Brace (Marian Cumming. & habits,

all disare them, with play how to fore in he eventually succeeded showpages, 1950. 148 York. Company, New

ing Antonia the turtle. D. L. G. $2.25.) cussed. The book also includes a secIVarjory's eighth year was full of tion on the whole cat family—lions,

THE BOUNCES OF CYNTHIANN good times. For one thing, there tigers, cheetahs. B. S.

(Evelyn Sibley Lampman. Doubleday were the band concerts in the park to

& Company, Inc., Garden City, New which the whole family went with THE SIZE OF IT

York. 260 pages. $2.50.) a picnic supper on summer evenings. (Ethel S. Berkley. William R. Scott,

/\lder children will follow with inThen there was the excitement of Miss Inc., New York.)

terest and delight the adventures Louisa's engagement, a lovely ChristVou are tall next to a twoyear old.

of these courageous young Bounces mas, when Aunt Fanny came to visit, But are you tall next to a grownwho came all the way from Rhode and many other incidents. Miss Cumup? Or is a grownup tall next to a

Island to Oregon alone, following the ming has created with rare sensitivity giraffe? With the aid of effective and

death of their mother, only to find that real and unforgettable children. amusing illustrations by Kathleen

the uncle they were to have lived with E. J. M. Elgin, Ethel S. Berkley helps young960 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

suggested that they collect animals for a schoolroom zoo, Ellie was in her seventh heaven. Even little girls whoBOORRACK were horrified of wildlife developed a

sudden interest in it when Ellie sters to understand the relative meanachieved newspaper fame for her colings of big, little, long, short, tall, wide, lections. B. S.

narrow. D. L. G.

SKYMOUNTAIN SAY? DO THEY WHAT (Amelia Elizabeth Walden. William R. Scott, Inc., (Grace Skaar. William

New York.) Morrow & Company, New York. 1950.

T Tsing a mystery story approach, 224 pages. $2.50.)

lTEADiNG this book, is like taking a Grace Skaar presents the language arts of the animals to the very young deep, exhilarating breath of fresh reader or listener. Children will delight air. Teenage girls who like winter

in guessing over and over again what sports, particularly those who ski, will says "meow, meow"but can't say ONE HORSE FARM find the story of Robin Young refresh- "bowwow."D. L. G. (Written and illustrated by Dahlov ing and exciting. She solves her

Ipcar. Doubleday & Company, Inc., problems the way most young folk

hard straight work and Garden KIKI City, New York. 1950. 36 must—by SKATES

is real story love thinking. The and $2.00.) (Written and illustrated by Charlotte pages.

Steiner. Doubleday & Company, Inc., ""JPhe story of Big Betty and Johnny wholesome. B. S.

Garden City, New York. $1.25.) as they grow and become fast BETSY'S LITTLE STAR

"jyiKi found Grandma's farm in winter friends is so delightfully simple and ( Carolyn Haywood. William Morrow

very different from what it was in well done that it will be enjoyed by & Company, New York. 157 pages.

summer. And what exciting and wonyoung and old alike. Big Betty is a $2.00.)

farm horse is the farmer's and derful the big there fun Johnny was when Tt's four to hard years be old—not son. E. all came! the storm of fun Most was J. M.

all little quite of your five—when all ice big children the where pond

five friends are to can kinderand go IDAHO SPROUT skated, skate. Kiki yearned and garten. understanding an born With Baumann. (John William Morrow & L. G.—D.to little for of children, love Caroyln Company, York. 250 pages. New

THE COAT OF MANY COLORS $2.50.) Haywood tells of Little Star, of her

(Marian King. J. B. Lippincott Co., Tn the locale of Idaho's Malad River desire to join her friends in kinderPhiladelphia. 1950. 166 pages. $2.50.) Basin in the 1880's, originated this garten, and of the many interesting

NJo story has more gripping poignantale of a pioneer boy: a boy who loved things that happened to her in the

cy inherent than that of Joseph in his father and who loved the life of months before her fifth birthday when

Egypt. The author of this book has the pioneer. When he sees the necesshe received a gift without a shape

captured much of the drama and backsity for stocking his farm with thorgoing to kindergarten!—D. L. G.

ground of this intensely significant recoughbreds, he goes to work trapping ord. The author follows the Biblical the wild animals of the territory and KANTCHIL'S LIME PIT AND

narrative extremely well and has joining the freight trains to the mines OTHER STORIES FROM clothed it with the intensity such a in the mountains. This all makes exINDONESIA

story deserves. It would make a good citing and fascinating adventure. (Harold Courlander. Harcourt, Brace

pages. $2.75.)

the green book for home reading.—M. C. /.—A L. Z Jr. '"Theseand Co., Newfolk talesYork.from150

THE TREASURE OF LIPO HIDDEN TRAPEZES lands in the Pacific, falling awayis- (Alice Ritchie. Harcourt, Brace & Co., (Edward Fenton. Doubleday & Comfrom the southeast tip of Asia, reNew York. 1949. 154 pages. $2.00.) pany, Inc., Garden City, N. Y. 1950. semble the stories of Kipling and will

''T'his is a collection of fairy tales 241 pages. $2.50.) prove of interest to old and young.

frOm Old China. Into the book the "T'his is the story of Robin, the young A Rip Van Winkle story is told in

author has incorporated the reserved son of trapeze artists, who desires "The Wood Carver of Ruteng."The

humor and the dignity of the Chinese. to follow in his parents'footsteps in stories, as the author relates, have

The stories are a welcome addition to the life under the big top. Besides a been recorded from the oral narrations

the imaginative literature for young variety of experiences with circus perby people from this area of the world.

folk.—M. C. /. formers, Robin makes special friends Although many of them are age old,

with Sophonisba, the painted snake, they are told today with the modern setting. "... they are imaginative reTHE TWO REDS and with Paul and Virginia, the trained

(Will and Nicolas. Harcourt, Brace seals. A. L. Z., Jr. flections upon phenomena, institutions,

and Company, New York. 50 pages. mores, and foibles of the people."'1950. $2.00.) SCHOOLROOM ZOO—M. C. /.

TLJere is a gay, unusual picture story ( Catherine Woolley. William Morrow

in which the author and artist & Company, New York. 1950. 191

have caught the spirit of a small boy pages. $2.00.) SUMEI'S GOLDEN YEAR

and an independent cat in the heart of Pllie's keen appreciation of dogs and (Margueritte Harmon Bro. Doubleday

a busy city. Young readers will wax cats and mice and snakes and & Company, Inc., Garden City, N. Y.

enthusiastic over the striking and every other living animal on earth 1950. 246 pages. $2.50.)

colorful drawings of the two Reds inmakes an unusual and fascinating CuMei's village is a village of womtent on their adventures. A refreshing story. She could not even let a mouse en and children, old men, and Sunew style of title page lures the reader get caught by the cat, but captured it Mei's crippled father—the ablebodied

into the following pages of the book. herself in a tin box and kept it for a men are at the front fighting a war. To

E. /. M. pet. And when her grade three teacher (Concluded on page 1037)

DECEMBER 1950 961!;.;. f* J;.,;-;">

... "*gm 1 JR

./ -::

emnce ion

containing addresses delivered at the 121st Semiannual General Conference, September 2930 and

October 1, 1950... %*t Session... FRIDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 29, 10:00 A.M.

-K

-X

-x * LIBERT!

vividev* the Londtltution

in at worthe Assembly and Hall—all 4 enship. are thousands more There

joying the conference by means of president radio and television. We are here in

the name of the Redeemer of mankind, and I am sure when we go from Ljeome /rtbert Jmltk this conference back to our homes, we will have an intense desire to live the gospel of Jesus Christ, which is

Thising,is toa beautifulsee the Lord'spicturehousethis mornfilled theGod onlyuntogospelsalvationthat isin thethe powercelestialof with his children who have come kingdom.

here to worship. Since our last conThis morning, brethren and sisters,

ference many things have occurred. I congratulate you: Not that you are

While our singing mothers were singhere, but that you are here to worship.

ing, I thought of one of our brothers What a privilege it is to worship who went to the South Seas with me the Lord and to do it in the way about thirteen years ago. When we arhe has indicated. There are some

rived at British Samoa, the people were people who are members of the having a holiday. We had been perChurch—their names are on the recsuaded to stay aboard the boat at night ord, and they have an idea that that

because it could not go around the is all that is necessary—but the time

reef, and we could not land in small will come when they will have to face boats in the dark. We were told that their record, and their admission into

the people wanted to give us a welthe celestial kingdom will be condicome, so there was nothing else for us tioned upon the way they have obto do. We could not wade it, so we served the advice of our Heavenly

had to wait until they took us in. Father right here upon earth. How

The boat anchored, and the next PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH grateful we ought to be, not to be unmorning out came a war canoe all certain as to where we are going.

decorated and rowed by great husky President George F. Richards of the I had a man say to me one day after

men, one oar to a man, and there were Council of the Twelve has finished his I had taught the gospel to him for an fifteen oarsmen including the captain. mission and has gone to find his rehour or so on a train, "I'd give a lot

They had persuaded us to wait because ward. I miss these brethren. to have the assurance that you have."

they said they wanted to give us a I am glad that Brother Thomas E. And I replied: "You do not have to

royal welcome, and when we arrived, McKay is here this morning. He has give anything to have the assurance

it was a real welcome. Everybody had a long siege of illness. I am sure that I have except to keep the comwas out, apparently. People were all that Brother Stephen L Richards and mandments of the Lord. If you do

along the shore. Among them was a those with him are having a real exthat, you will know that the gospel of

group of women, more than a hundred, perience. In all probability they are in Jesus Christ is on earth. You will

all dressed in lightcolored dresses of the vicinity of Jerusalem today. know that the authority of the priesttapa cloth made from the bark of the It is a joy to come to one of these hood is on earth."

mulberry tree. They had made them conference meetings and meet people How beautiful it is to realize that

themselves for that occasion. not only from all sections of the United men who are worthy may receive

When I saw this group of singing States, but also from other parts of the that priesthood, and in the authority mothers all dressed alike this morning, world. It is one of the greatest gatherthat is given them, do so many

my mind went back to Apia and ings of religious people that meet anythings that are a blessing to our

Brother Rufus K. Hardy who was with where in the world, and you will find Father's other children.

me on that trip. He has been gone a no other such place in all the world Within the week, I listened to one

long time. dedicated to the Lord for worship. of the brethren who has just returned

Those singing mothers sang beauti- I would like us all to remember that from the mission field. He has been

fully at our meetings and at such celethis is the Lord's house. You will out nearly five years, and he told of

brations as they had, as our sisters find no other place in all the world some of the experiences in the field.

have sung this morning. And since that dedicated to the Lord that gathers toHe told of people that had illness and

time I have heard the singing mothers gether a congregation such as is here the doctors did everything they could in many places, but I think I have this morning, many of whom have for them, but they could not heal them.

never been more impressed with them come thousands of miles, not to see But the humble missionaries, the humthan I was there in the islands. and be seen, but to wait upon the Lord. ble men who held the priesthood,

Our first meeting was in the open air, And he has promised us that if even placed their hands upon the heads of and there were between two and three two or three shall meet together in those who were afflicted and rebuked thousand people whom the singing his name, he will be there to bless their ailments, and they were healed.

mothers entertained. But the thought them. That would not occur without faith,

that came into my mind is that Brother This morning, that we may claim and our faith is conditioned upon our

Hardy is gone. He has finished his our blessing, there are approximately righteous lives. We cannot live imwork. Since our last conference ten thousand here in the Tabernacle (.Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1950 963 President George Albert Smith Continued forworknothingfor whatand theyare notneedencouragedand desire.to

Brothers and sisters, you are approperly and have faith as we should, men raised up by him for this very proaching a political campaign. Go to

but if we keep the commandments of purpose. the Lord in prayer. Seek his guidance.

the Lord, we can have faith, and it As Latterday Saints we ought to We do not want to turn this nation will grow and increase as our rightknow that there is nothing better anyover to the folly of the teachings of eousness increases. where else. And so we should cleave other nations that have failed. What

is to Constitution of the the cling States United should to to what do we we you, with to here be happy my I am so, it in the is of blessings earn doing and have, and the wonderful what sisters, in thebrothers and Lords

It our has Father. nation. long given in this to Heavenly us a Lord was right him. are to wait uponhouse We time that the to differgave not ago does Lord any Moses make Now political in of midst the camanow

If the is; to politics the ence peoCommandments. a man's what Ten itme It in to ought here America.paign

be a source of education to the people. ple of the world had observed the as long as he observes the advice of

that Father, time from our Heavenly he will Commandments inspire to Ten toIt ought men and women different associate. companion until now, and a we would have Webe shoulda safe officers their in the for variouschoose

sections of the country, particularly in world. There would be millions of not lose our tempers and abuse one

another. live to say longer than would I want who that nobody nation,the and who bepeople men women

lived happier. else ever abused they have and be anybody he had The when is their privilege,lieve in God. That

spirit It force tothe are in of the Ten Lord. Commandments is always unfortunately times peosobut many

spirit. day, other Latterday some when we have and if we are good alliedple and with a group, become

they insist on everybody supporting Saints and are observing what the Lord Seek the Lord, brothers and sisters.the individual that they support, and has advised, among other things, we We do not have to live as they are

the result is a campaign of bitterness. will honor the Sabbath day and not living in many other parts of the world.

live to can continue it a under make the day of pleasure. ConThe We Brethren and sisters, you have your stitution influence that of us liberty of guarantees the the Spirit no Lord and

agency; you do not have to be angry other nation enjoys. Most of the naworship. One of the most populous

with your brother and your sister betions are losing the liberties they have nations in all the world restricts the cause they do not see as you do. We had because they have not kept the people in their worship. They cannot

are not supposed to criticize and find commandments of the Lord. worship as we do here, and yet there

fault with the members of the Catholic Most of the difficulty is the bid that are many people in our land who

Church, the Presbyterian Church, the is made by the leadership of nations would like to try what they are doing

Methodist Church, because they canto people that if they will follow the over there because they want somenot understand all of the gospel. plan that the leaders map out, they thing different.

I think it is fine to encourage them will be fed and clothed without having I hold in my hand a copy of the to understand all that they have and to work so hard for it, but it does not Doctrine and Covenants, and in it the then add to it. Now if that is true in work. People are being misled with Lord tells us another thing, to pray for

regard to our religious belief, surely the idea that they can get something and sustain the Constitution of the land and those who represent us in its offices. So, pray for the President of

'"Jhe Lord gave us a rule of life for this great nathe United States, pray for those who have been elected to Congress, pray tion, and as far as we have lived up to it and for your governor and the members of taken advantage of it, the nation has grown, and the your legislature. If they have the

people have been blessed."Spirit of the Lord, they cannot go

wrong; but without it they can go a

long way on the bypath.

we will not lose our way during a Air view of conference crowd waiting for the afternoon session to convene.

political campaign, and cultivate anger and displeasure and hatred for those who do not believe as we do.

And that brings me to something that is frequently on my mind. No nation

in the world has a constitution that was given to it by our Heavenly Father except the United States of America.

I wonder if we appreciate that. The

Lord gave us a rule of life for this great nation, and as far as we have lived up to it and taken advantage of it, the nation has grown, and the people have been blessed. But there are

many people who prefer, or at least they seem to prefer, something else.

As one man said to me, "Why not try what Russia has tried and Germany has tried?"And my answer to

him was, "Why try something that has already failed? Why not hold

on to what the Lord has given?"The

Constitution of the United States was written, it is true, by men, George

Washington, Benjamin Franklin, and others who were their associates, but we have in this book that I have in my hand, the book of Doctrine and Covenants, a revelation in which the

Lord tells us that the Constitution of the United States was prepared by 964 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Here we are this morning, on a beautiful day. No people could be

more comfortable in worship than weare this morning. I am so grateful KEEP THE

that I am able to be present. Recently

I, with a group of my brothers and sisters, went to Hawaii to celebratethe centennial of preaching the gospel COMMANDMENTS in the Hawaiian Islands. Some of our

party expected to find most of the people Hawaiian. But it was found

there were Hawaiians, Japanese, ChiACTING PRESIDENT nese, Portuguese, Samoans, and several other nations I might name, all living OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE there at peace. When our meeting

was held in a large building, all of are on the records of the Church. It

those races were there as members of will reguire than that. will more Wethe Church. to have have in written our names

The gospel of Jesus Christ is not Lamb's Book of Life, and if they arethe just for us. It is for the people of the written in the Lamb's book of life

world, all his children, and at the presthen it is an evidence we have kept the missionent time over 5800 have we will commandments. Every soul who

little thisaries in the world, out from not keep those shall commandments

Church. What for? To go to all have his name blotted out of that book.

say, people all thethese and "Keep this exceedingly grateful morn- I am that have, keepgood things you

I for all ing the knowledge have, which that enriches has given youthat God life, share usyour then let and somelimitedChrist; ofas theit is,thingsof thethatgospelhave beenof Jesusrething with you that will add to your vealed for our salvation; for the opporhappiness and increase your satisfacJOSEPH FIELDING SMITH tunities which come to us to give servtion."That is the spirit of the gospel ice to the Church and to our fellow

isof Christ. happiness conJesus Our blessings so men. that have many Albert says George Smith We President fellow lovingditioned our our upon the does not world have. is world this that The sight. wonderful a To all of children are of ourmen. whom it will not. them, could the but have I It As that agree. great gives me Father.Heavenly said, Savior of speaking particularly the into pleasure the of faces to look

is this here block of Right one on time a Jews, many he would have lives are whose and men women fields in greatestthe the missionary gathered as her them a gathers hen in faith clean; have God; who who I sitting see here aworld. down man her wings, chickens under they but serve. to covenants Presihave madein of the audience spends much who I not. that wish would honest every further salvasays that dent Smith thishis block. the with time people on in this soul read the world would Book tion of the through keeping comes

is just missionary wonderful a andHe of the read would Mormon; Doctrine the of God. commandments do We is asas he can he be when happy the Covenants; and Pearl of Great that salvation believe not from comes

it.talking about doing are we When Price, besides Bible. reading the lip What service, a merely confession with people, bless themissionary to work is privilege glorious a ours. soThe is lips It that Christ. the our Jesus influence of the are doing underwe called Christian world, divided and through to obedience comes everythe to sure Lord, are be happy. and weit subdivided, maintains that the Bible principle eternal truth pertaining and

all this here mornwelcome you We all contains of the of God. word To to exaltation. our to read Let you me alling. this us into house, Let come the has given a never reveLord them his the to of disciples given Lord wordsinto that the necessary houses be may its lation. to teachings According noththis continent in their as he stood on for the conference,to used with be a ing the has heavens from come by way presence.

spirit spirit gratitude. prayer, the of of revelation, counsel advice of or and

us, to bless appeal to us the itLet Lord shall to pass, that come And whoso find to that in comparable which we is in shall will repenteth baptized us those address then andand name my who call to pleased the are they canon what if filled; to the endureth be he end, I and all inspired. that praybe may we scripture. of

I guiltless will behold, before hold him inlive that such Heavenly a our way I train long as ago, the on was Not I that at shall Father stand day when my in his that keeping, us can haveFather minister said to a home, coming me to the world. judge satisfaction, joy have and and maywe the that of a fraud Book was Mormon that end, endureth the he not unto And

if will this Spirit. have havewe we is is in last that also of the the the chapter he because book same hewn down

I his that with be peace pray may fire, into the cast from they and whence the Revelation declared of so Lord us during the continuation of this meetcan no more return, because of the justice Let me read those words. it.

ing and the other meetings of the conof the Father.

ference, that we may meet with a And this is the word which he hath And if any man shall take away from the feeling of gratitude for all our blessgiven unto the children of men. And for words of the book of this prophecy, God

his fulfilleth this shall the of of the part take out cause he he words book which away isings. conference the when And

life, fulfilleth city, lieth the of the given, not, hath out from holy he but and and and return to our homes,concluded and we all this in written his are thinas book. which (Rev. words. the appreciation with so domay we his into unclean thing enter can 22:19.) no And

the fact did wait thatof the upon we therefore nothing entereth into kingdom;

Lord and that he fulfilled his promise his rest save it be those who have washed I said to him, "My good friend, don't and was with us to bless us. I pray their garments in my blood, because of their you know that when that was written

that we may be filled with that spirit faith, and the repentance of all their sins, we had no Bible?"This Bible was not

that comes from him, and that is a and their faithfulness unto the end. compiled as we have it when that was

spirit of love, of kindness and helpwritten. That has reference merely to

fulness and of patience and forbearThese words that I have read to you this book of Revelation. Then he was

ance. Then, if we keep that spirit with are from the twentyseventh chapter sorry that he had spoken. Well, all

us in our homes, our boys and girls will of III Nephi, verses 1619 inclusive. they have is what is contained in this

grow up to be what we would like One of my great sorrows is -that so book ( the Bible ), this record that them to be. many members of the Church fail to closed nearly two thousand years ago.

That the Lord may add his blessing, recognize this truth which I have read. See the advantage, brethren and sis-

I humbly pray in the name of Jesus We are not going to be saved in the ters, that we have. Not only do we

Christ. Amen. kingdom of God just because our names (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1950 965 it says, of both Jew and Gentile and

Joseph Fielding Smith Continued the remnant upon this land, that Jesus is the Christ. It was to come forth inhave the revelations given to the proph- a day when men would be denying the CHILDREN

ets of ancient Israel, given by our SavChrist. Isn't that true? Is not the world

ior when he was on the earth and by today getting farther and farther awayhis disciples in that first century, but from a knowledge concerning the Son &9 the Lord has continued to speak; he of God? Are not the peoples of the

has given many revelations to others. earth beginning, if they have not alPresident George Albert Smith said

We have them. We are blessed with ready reached the point, to deny the this morning that it was not

the Book of Mormon which contains literal resurrection of the body and are enough for people to have their the principles of the gospel so clearly questioning the resurrection of the names on the records of the Church stated, that we do not stumble over Lord himself and his godhood? The in order to be saved in the kingdom

them. We have the Doctrine and CoveBook of Mormon said that would be of God, but that it was necessary to

nants, which is our book particularly, the case and that it was to come forth keep the commandments.

containing the revelations given to the as a testimony, as a witness to men that Then Elder Joseph Fielding Smith

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Jesus Christ is the Son of God, the said the same thing and read to us the

Saints and to all the world if it will Redeemer of the world, and that men covenant of baptism, that is the covehave them. This book isn't just for us, will be saved and exalted in the kingnant which we take in the waters of

but we have it. The world won't have dom of God by keeping their hearts baptism.

it it it. if would. See what could have all of his commandobeying pure and a and covenantmaking are a WeIt information, could have knowledge imthe things has Lord ments. These the have people. covenanttaking We salvation pertaining to theand wisdom let conclusion us. In me pressed upon everis the the gospel which new and

in that can't theof men, be found when the covenant make read we in the that Lord we lasting covenant: new

I said,Bible. I think I have and this am into Church. are baptized and come it everin day; our revealed anew has

isn'tright, that principle there perone eternal, its principles are in that lasting taining to is the salvation that of before themselves men those humble All who all eterexisted from with have God it baptized, come in to desire Bible, the stated clearly be and asso has and God unchangeable nity, are the same and contrite hearts and broken forth with to us, that not docome down men all all in ages may which laws men by that the church before spirits, witness and is thing.stumble one There over—not is the gospel covenant saved. be The sins, all their of repented truly they have principle unitednot they one can be his children with makes which the God them name to take willing are upon and that that clearly has so been statedon to will return determination that them earth he Christ, a here on having of Jesus

find their interpretations don'tthey of manifest truly the eternal to end, and serve give him his them presence to and it conflicting. of received that have their they works by of life, if in paths the will they walk

of remission the spirit Christ of unto the resto the about want you know Do here. while righteousness

baptism into sins, shall received by their be is of urrection the going dead? Who of children the covenant are truthWeand 20:37.) (D. C. his church. 6 celestial in to of the be saved kingdom our Abraham, which made with God

of read yourGod? Then Book Morpromised father. Abraham, God To I get of that? out get you do What Doctrine yourmon. and Read Coveif exaltation would he salvation and truly baptized, soul this: that every nants. seventysixth of the section The to walk. the as taught him Lord walk his himself; has baptized, humbled as Doctrine Covenants, and known with covenanted the Further, Lord is contrite; spirit his is broken; heart is clearest, Vision, the conmostThe restore to that he would Abraham before covenant a God has he made cise that regarding salvation statement the and laws seed same Abraham's his will commandments, keep that he I I about, anything doubt and know all their in and ordinances, beauty sins. all his Then forsaken has he and if at the to ever people gave Lord any patriarch that ancient perfection, which it is his into Church, the gets after he time face the the of earth any upon receive as as received. "For had many is in? he sin after he Can to privilege this clearer revelation. anything than him, to this said the Gospel,"Lord in of indulge some let he Can down? the the of people world knowDo after "shall called thy and name, be said he has the things Lord the which going die? are they theywhere when shall seed, shall thy be and accounted It is just necesas avoid? should No. isle sing beautiful about a No. They father."their rise thee, bless as up and spirit, contrite that that have he sary of don't somewhere. know. They Can 2:10.) (Abraham is baptized after he heart, that broken find in the Bible? out they Yes, we this everlasting have same we Now it is before. as it. it if find find can could they They gosrestored the covenant. have We

right inspiration, the the I had with but power, the wish we had Oh, we pel, belongs person every and who added help that we obtain from the who hold the priesthood, to reach to the Church, who has passed through records the Lord has given us, we don't every soul who is not faithful, who is the waters of baptism, has had the stumble over that. We don't stumble not humbled in his heart—members of inestimable privilege of making a perover baptism and how it should be this Church—that we might bring them sonal covenant with the Lord that will performed and by whom. We have a back to a full understanding of the gossave him provided he does the things

clear and perfect understanding of the pel. Is it true that some among us have he agrees to do when he enters into

nature of God. Now, I can find that an idea that it matters not that we that covenant with God.

in Bible; the they, sin, so can you. can it is So grievous a as sin not long so this recited personal covenant Alma if it in spirit for the they search would will yet sin, saved be that deadly a we at of of salvation the waters Mormon

it; faith; of they but stumble over and of saw in Nephi the God? kingdom it is, in like of of language this—all willing to yet they are not the accept be people that said would day. our He in course, the promise to up summed in revelations of the I given the Lord you, that. unto say But saying we of the keep commandments God—but in live dispensation they and day of which the path turn from cannot away particulars: these gives says Alma He forth that set clearly to retain the would them righteousness and truth and into that of the waters go when we of principles truth. these eternal spirit the of this Lord. of guidance will that covenant baptism come we we greatly blessed! are we allHow the bless Latterday into fold of Christ the the Lord be numbered and May

Then I have this regret, that so Saints. May he bless all people. Oh, I with his people. We covenant that

many members of the Church do not wish that we would all humble ourwe will take upon ourselves the name avail themselves of this information. selves and seek the truth which the of Christ and be Saints in very deed.

The Lord was kind enough and so Lord has declared to us by his own We covenant that we will bear one deeply concerned in the matter that he word in this day in which we live. The another's burdens, that they may be

sent an angel from his presence to reLord bless us all, help us to be true light. We covenant that we will

veal the Book of Mormon. For ages and faithful and keep his commandmourn with those that mourn. We

he prepared the Book of Mormon that ments, I pray, in the name of Jesus covenant that we will comfort those it might come forth to the convincing, Christ. Amen. that stand in need of comfort. We

966 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA which we have received, the fulness of the priesthood, meaning, I suppose, the fulness of the blessings of the JtL COVENANT priesthood, is had only in the temples of God. There is an order of the

priesthood which is named the new (J->mce f\. /f/cLonhi and everlasting covenant of marriage.

OF HE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY to take the covenant of salvation, and When people enter into that order of to renew it from time to time, but we marriage, administered in the temples have also been privileged to enter into of the Lord, by the Lord's servants, covenants which will give us exaltahaving the Lord's authority, they make tion in our Father's kingdom. After a covenant of exaltation, a covenant

a man has taken the covenant of bapthat will bring them up in the resurtism and has pressed forward in rection as husband and wife. The

righteousness and steadfastness before family unit will continue, and they the Lord, and has desired to keep his will gain the highest reward and the commandments, and manifested by his greatest honor and glory that our works that he places the things of Father can bestow on any of his the kingdom of heaven first and will children. They will be gods, even

let the things of this world take care the sons of God, and all things will of themselves, there comes a time be theirs, for they will receive of when he is called and chosen and the fulness of the Father.

ordained to the higher priesthood. These covenants which we take in

Ordination to the higher priesthood inof baptism the waters and when we BRUCE R. McCONKIE of exaltation. cludes a covenant if of the sacrament, partake we keep

The Lord revealed this covenant to them, will guarantee us a place in the covenant that we will stand as witJoseph Smith in this language: celestial world. These covenants which

the take to are ordained when we we all of at nesses Christ of and God is faithful the For obtainunto whoso enter priesthood, higher and when we all in in things times and and all ing these priesthoods I have two of which is that into of priesthood order which in, that until places be even may we calling, their the spoken, magnifying and of the covenant and everlasting new death. Then, of summary, by way

Alma says we covenant that we will marriage, if we keep them, will guarserve God and keep his commandantee us a place of exaltation in eterments. nity.

In return, that is, if we do all these And as with the covenant of bapthings, the promises part on his Lord \\/e are a covenanttism,I don'tso withsupposethe covenantthe Lord ofis marriage:making a forth in us that the first will come we

resurrection and be redeemed of him; making and a useless covenant with us or offering

that he will pour out his Spirit more us something that we are not able if we keep abundantly upon us while we are here covenant - taking to obtain. In each instance,

in this life; and that we will have our part of the bargain and do the eternal life in the world to come. people. We have the things we know we should, the Lord

share has to keep promised and do his is I don't that the suppose Lord is gospel which the his the the give us bargain part of and useless any making covenants with promised reward.

so, individual; the everand new person any and any

who will keep this covenant, and do Sometimes someone will say: "Well,

all the things required by it, can have lasting covenant. I have been baptized into the Church;

in his heart the assurance that he will I am a member of the Church; I'll just

go to the presence of God and have go along and live an ordinary sort of eternal life in the mansions that are life; I won't commit any great crimes;

prepared. I'll live a reasonably good Christian

I life; will the is gain eventually this and important in the covenant So

sanctified the Spirit are rethe by unto of the that kingdom eyes of God."he Lord has provided their bodies. of newing

for us a to a and means renew way I it the of sons that become I don't They of Moses understand and way.

it often. ordinance The whereby we the of seed the Aaron and Abraham, and is It is gate. that think a a baptism

renew this covenant is the ordinance church and kingdom, and the elect of gate which puts us on a path; and the

of the sacrament. partime Every God. we is straight of the the path and name

all this also they receive take the of And worthily, sacrament who with straight path. narrow and narrow The receive priesthood the Lord; me, saith hearts spirits, contrite humble and we of leads the gate from upward repath receiveth that servants For he my that will again agree take upon we celestial of the to kingdom baptism ceiveth me; the ourselves Christ, of always name entered has After a person heaven. that receiveth receiveth he And me my him, his remember and keep comFather; press to the baptism, of he has gate

mandments which he has given us. And And he that receiveth my Father reforward with a steadfastness in Christ,

the Lord agrees with us again that ceiveth my Father's kingdom; therefore as Nephi expresses it, having a perfect

will all Spirit his to always have that be Father hath shall we unto given be my of love brightness of hope, and a God him. us; further, with will that and we all the to endures of he and if men; and

is this to according the oath and And life eternal his in in have kingdom rethe gains promised end, then he priestto the covenant belongeth which the accordance with revelation which ward. hood. says,

it is exalall the receive marriage those Therefore, with and so And who this receive priesthood, coveoath and think they tation. people Sometimes flesh, eateth drinketh and Whoso my my of Fatherbreak, nant he cannot which my of celesthe ordinance into enter can life; blood, hath eternal raise I will and

it neither be can moved. or indifferent tial then marriage be and at the last him up day. 6:54.) (John

this after breaketh covenant But whoso iniquity and or commit even lukewarm it, turneth hath altogether received he and is in celestial be to to eventually, saved the sin, figure go that yet To and shall of thereform, forgiveness not have kingdom of heaven. To be exalted is sins in this world nor in the world to the eternities that are prepared, after

to gain the highest heaven or degree come. (D. & C. 84:3341.) they have paid the penalties for their

within that glory. Not only have we sins, they will come up as husband and

been permitted as Latterday Saints Now, according to the revelations (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1950 967 Bruce R. McConkie Continued

wife and enter into their exaltation. JOSEPH L

Such is not the case. The same princiWIRTHUN

ples apply to marriage and exaltation as apply to baptism and salvation.

There is no such thing as gaining salvation or exaltation except by obedience to those laws upon which the receipt of these blessings is predicated. Salvation never has been and

never will be the fruit of sin.

After we have been baptized, afterwe have been married in the temple, %OH after we have taken all these covenants, we have to keep them. Every

promise that we receive is conditionedupon our subsequent faithfulness. It AN EXAMPLE

is expressly so stated in the marriage covenant itself. We have to be

trust, brethren sincerely and faithful, diligent,obedient, my valiant and K'j that I might enjoy an interChrist, ofin the testimony walking by sisters, every word that proceedeth forth from I est in your faith and prayers during his mouth. By such a course we will the few moments that I shall stand /Joseph o(. vvirthl'm

sanctify our souls. When we become before you. I have the high honor and OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

sanctified and pure, we are capable privilege of laboring with the youth and eligible and worthy to stand in of the Church; and it is a distinction

the presence of our Father. No unand an honor to associate with Bishop The. young man was deeply worried,

clean thing can dwell in his presence. Richards and Bishop Isaacson, who knowing that the income for the sumThe whole process of salvation, this have the welfare of the young people mer would not be adequate. He said

whole probation that we are underat heart. he worried about it for several days

is in of the Apostle Paul admonitiongoing mortality, The to to permit us or not he whether wondered is and his to younger associatecleanse Timothy perfect purify and our and elsewhere. should seek employment

souls. It is to permit us to take evil so applicable to youth:

"as declared, "Finally, day,"he one iniquity carnalityand everyand and the cedars driving out among I was but youth; thy Let be no man despisething that leads out from away God I said lodge, for the to firewood gather in believers, of the thou word, an example souls, charreplaceof our those and

acteristics with righteousness and virtue and truth and obedience, which, if we do, degree by degree, will perfect untilus eventually are clean and we spotless are and able pure and to stand P young man believed implicitly in God, and bethe of glory the celestial world. If we cause of that great faith he took his problem to thecan't stand the glory of the celestial

kingdom, we won't be able to go where Lord and found a solution through fervent prayer.

God and Christ are.

We get the greatest blessings that it is possible for men to get here in this life by living the gospel. The

world may be in turmoil, torn and in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in to myself, 'Why not ask the Lord disheveled; there may be blood and faith, in purity. (I Timothy 4:12.) about it?'So I stopped the truck and

knelt cedars, the out among walked ifcarnage hand, but every on keep we of the great youth program Through to talked Heavenly and down, mythe of commandments God, we of Paul will the the admonition Church, heart to there Father. came And myget the for Holy Ghost our companion

is to. to being adhered Timothy On that I should feeling of assurance a guide.and the Those have Holy who the in see evidence the every hand we things at and Canyon remain Bryce get theGhost passeth peace which

their of lives these people of young later out. days few work would A isunderstanding. that the greatNow belief, purity. faith, charity, and said, to and manager the came 'We me giftest that person get can while a

the give to you have decided in mortality.he salary'dwells I visiting while ago was Sometime

first place.'in the you promised state in the of with then the part southern having those kept by And same

that young couldn't convince You Sister remain in to having Wirthlin, decidedcommandments walked and we hadn't answered that the Lord manthat arpath, at having overnight kept those Canyon. same Bryce same We in implicitly believed prayer. his Hecovenants, afternoon, in the meeting rived get sure some the promise we

faith great that of because and God,that will inheritors the people celesof of emwere be a young who we his the to problem Lord and took hetial exaltation in the to cabin there. our that are ployed mansions came They

solution. the found

I fireside callprepared. gospel gives held the a us and what would The

greatest blessings it is possible to rechat. These young men and women The next morning when we went to

ceive in time, and assures us of the told us of ambitions and objectives to the lodge for our breakfast, I noticed greatest inheritance it is possible to be achieved and of their great faith on the table the name of the waitress, gain in eternity. How grateful we in the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. an old familiar Latterday Saint name.

ought to be for it! How anxious we I remember one young man who told When the young lady came in, I asked

should be to keep the commandments us that he had come to Bryce Canyon her where she lived, and she answered, of God, and the covenants that we with the hope of earning enough money "I live in Bountiful."

have made, so that we may have all to pay his school expenses for the I asked, "I suppose you are a memthe choice and rich things the Lord coming year. He was promised a ber of this socalled Mormon Church?"

promises the Saints. It is my prayer certain salary, but later the manager She replied, "Yes, I am."

that we may so do, in the name of indicated that the salary could not be Then I asked, "What kind of church

Jesus Christ. Amen. paid in the amount first mentioned. is it?"

968 THE IAAPROVEMENT ERA She declared rather emphatically, the remission of sins, and ye shall receive he was discussing the problems of the "It's a good church."the gift of the Holy Ghost. day with the great, the wise, and,the

And then I put the next question For the promise is unto you, and [to learned. Later his mother missed him,

quite strongly and asked her if she your children, and to all that are afar off, and in looking for him, found him in even as many it thought true only church. was the as the Lord our God shall the In effect, temple. said to she him,

call. (Acts 2:3739.) positive she In a very gave way me that you not you have "Do know

to understand that it was the true caused your father and me a good church. At that point Sister Wirthlin Any child who attains the right age, deal of sorrow and grief?"Then he

told the young lady who I was, and who has faith and repents of his sins gave her that memorable answer, that ended it. But the thrill of the and is baptized for the remission of "... wist ye not that I must be about

whole thing was that this young sin under the hands of authorized my Father's business?"(Luke 2:49.)

woman, talking to a stranger, was servants of God, can receive the gift That should be the slogan of the willing to bear testimony to the fact of the Holy Ghost; and under the inAaronic Priesthood, in which every

that she belongs to the restored Church spiration of that sweet spirit, he can boy at the age of twelve commences of Jesus Christ. bear his testimony. Did not the Christ his ministry in the Church of Jesus

Some four weeks ago I had a rather declare: Christ of Latterday Saints. The

interesting and inspiring experience. Aaronic Priesthood affords opportuni-

A young man whom I have known But when the Comforter is come, whom ties that young boys cannot afford to since he was a boy came into my I will send unto you from the Father, even miss, if they will take advantage of office. He said, "I'm a reserve officer, the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from them; just as Paul said to Timothy,

and I have been called into the army."the Father, he shall testify of me. (John

He has been married only about four 15:26.) Let no man despise thy youth; but be

or five years and has two lovely chilthou an example of the believers, in word, dren, and I sorrowfully replied, "Paul, I recall a friend of mine who had in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in

I'm sorry, in a way."a great sorrow to bear. He had sought faith, in purity. (I Timothy 4:12.)

He said, "Brother Wirthlin, don't solace in many places. Finally, one

worry about me. I have come here fast Sunday he said to his wife, "Let Then, too, we have the great auxilithis morning to get some tracts that I us go over to fast meeting."He hadn't ary organizations of the Church. We

might do some missionary work among been too active in the Church. In the have the Sunday School which promy companions in the army; and fast meeting he saw many of the young vides lessons covering the gospel of

furthermore, I have a promise, which people bearing their testimonies. The the Lord Jesus Christ; we have the

I look upon as a divine promise, that spirit of testimony took hold of him, Young Men's Mutual Improvement

I shall live to see the day when my and he stood up and bore his testiAssociation and the Young Women's father, who is not a member of the mony. That same afternoon he asked Mutual Improvement Association. We

Church, will join it. I'm so impressed another associate of mine if he could have our seminaries and institutes. We

with that promise, I'm not worrying have some place in the activities of have our great welfare program, too, about the experiences that are immethe Church, and he was called to which should play a pertinent part in serve. a loyal, he is Today devoted, training thrifty, to our youth be amdiately of ahead me."Such faith—so of servant and fruitful our Heavenly willing to sustain thembitious, and so profound! simple, and This young

man will enjoy the blessings of our Father. selves by the sweat of their brows and

Heavenly Father because of his sweet, Now, what about the young men the toil of their hands. The Primary

clean life and his faith in the gospel who are being called into the armed Association of the Church makes a of the Lord Jesus Christ, and in the forces of the nation? After all, we great contribution in the spiritual, vopriesthood. use this axiom: Old men for counsel cational, and recreational training of

is It that the our children. Primary for battle. In often hear the and young people young men bear We

the child at takes a tender and age their testimonies struggle of to this bloody war, the divinity it is youth of who great work, and what a thrill it is; suffer. Their blood is spilt; their lives guides his footsteps in the paths of

although, at times, there are evidences are sacrificed; and many are denied the prayer and faith; and it teaches him

of a negative attitude on the part of blessings of having a companion and how to use his hands effectively. The

is related closely Association Primary a family. rearing older people. to these say much They young We owe

to holders the young become men whopeople these cannot stand men. First, young them up and testify we owe

the Priesthood, as it proAaronicthat letof this is they to the encouragement. them know of Church owe We

all vides for a preparatory course ters that toGod, that in a constant is his stream keep them God lives, Jesus

Son, and that Joseph Smith was a true encouraged, to keep their faith built young men of the Church who anticipate receiving Priesthood, the Aaronicprophet. Brothers of regardless sisters, up. Then, what happens and young

I say, emphatically, the Primary if a child them,people, even death should at the come, eight to because May age of who has been baptized, can stand up of their sweet, clean lives, they will Association has been one of the great under the inspiration of the Holy be able to meet the great Judge who factors in giving young men a vision

Ghost and bear sincere testimony that will extend his hand to them and give of their responsibilities in the future.

he knows the Heavenly Father lives, them that heavenly salutation: "Well May God always bless and sustain

that Jesus is his Son, and that Joseph done, thou good and faithful servant."the fine sisters who have been and who

are carrying work. splendid on thisSmith instrument. his chosen was Priesthood Aaronic program of The

is no questionThere about great and Another very important is It is that in my the a most vital. Church

mind. training field for the young men of project of which little is said is that

Go back to the days of Peter, the the Church. And what a grand and of the Boy Scout program. I want to

Apostle, after Christ had left the glorious thing it is to know that a boy say to you, as the vocational and disciples, and they had received the at the tender age of twelve can receive recreational program of the Church

Holy Ghost. They stood before a divine authority from on high and for the Aaronic Priesthood, there is

finer this scouting. nothing than I saygreat multitude of people on the a servant Day become of God. Whenever

three because of sons, I have twoof Pentecost and preached to them I think of these twelveyear-old boys, are Scouts, other Eagle and thethe of the gospel Christ. Lord Jesus think of another I always one who them

Life Scout. one a observed As I have throng of peopleThe so pricked were lived nearly years ago two thousand

it hasin their hearts that they arose as one the boy Savior of the world, Jesus their work in scouting, to me almost been college to comparable a "... asked, andman brethand Men find Christ. the of twelve age At we

ren, shall education. do?"what Peter times there are those answered we Many the of the attending PassFeast him

said,them and feel of us is strictly scouting a who his in city parents the with of over... Repent, and be baptized every one Jerusalem, and in the course of events recreational program, but that is only

of you in the name of Jesus Christ for he found his way to the temple. There. (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1950 969 make enemies, one with the other, both

Joseph I. professing to be members of the

Church, over politics or religion. I amWirthlill Continued GATHERING reminded now of the opening prayer.

a part of it. We are faced today with tL heIn thathad prayersought weus thankedout from Godfar thatand

a big problem in knowing what to do near places to gather here. How

with the leisure time of our boys, thankful we should be that we have especially during the vacation period. been sought out to gather where we

I are. as here FAITHFUL stand this mornAnd will take scouting program upThe

in this ing, I see congregation two who thisall time, leisure provided of we all the from have come way New it. in to participate our boysencourage Zealand, Latterday good two Maori

About a year ago a Scout was sent Saints who have come to receive the to me for an oral examination coverblessings in the temple of God. These

ing the project of producing beef. I are the only two who have had the

asked many questions of the scout opportunity to come from New Zeapertaining to the production of beef, land during the past thirteen years.

and I was quite surprised when he There are thousands of us living in the answered every one of them correctly. shadows of the temples of God upon

With the knowledge he has accumuwhom there is no financial burden to lated through the merit badge project go to these temples. How I thrill

in scouting, he will be able to go forthis morning when I see this grand ward in the beef industry on his own, MATTHEW COWLEY couple who have saved and saved and although he is tender in years. prayed and prayed that they might

to of temple the day one come God are projects other There many blessings. their receive have They and & helpful to can young be mostwhich eight to miles a thousand spend come

in their future out workingmen return to us with back days few and L-ou/leKowieu volallhewittkewcations.

I listened that trust they have home.

As a father of three sons, and all OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE to the admonition which has been given of them Scouts, if I were to choose all. of us this morning, to keep the

someone to supervise their recreation, am indeed grateful this morning, covenants which we have made with scouters of the choose the blessingsI would to our God, own my remember sisters, for the brothers and my

I theyward, faithbecause be theirs would are know if they remain which I received. counsel have which we I

in nothing hands good and ful to the end. would counsel grateful for the have we am

happen that would be detrimental to received which has come from the I see also our good Hawaiian sister, their character. President whom we sustain as a Sister Kauhini, the president of the ReWhere we have the right kind of prophet, as the mouthpiece of God to lief Society of the Oahu Stake. I see

Aaronic Priesthood work, we will have his children here on earth. I endorse also some of our Japanese and some of

the great scouting program supplehis timely counsel with respect to our our Indian friends. Yes, I thank God

menting it; and where there is good conduct in the coming political camthat we have been sought out from

scouting, there is good Aaronic Priestpaigns and the keeping of our tempers. places far and near to gather here.

hood work. I plead with you to I am reminded of a story that was told After this conference I am going among

support the Boy Scouts. of Senator Chauncey Depew when he the Indian people of the Southwest

sisters, for Brothers a Mission. into and Indian launching campaign was

I haven't forgotten the 5800 young of salvation people. are States. of the His they our United the Senate The

in the out and youngmen women reus. rests said, these people "Senato and upon The him opponent came

farworld, meeting people them beyond entitled this clean."to are let's tor, must they which wards campaign make

in experience. the age and sword With us service the fully agree. "I replied, through and come Senator we The

in truth their forof defense hands and lie willing for If to to render will are me, them and to about not promise youoffense, are convincing they they men

I'll tell them. truth the about to not promise

great result a message,have as a and was, the clean campaign races. these have native you."I love They How of are the peoplethousands accepting

I say. to could unable have that something given I am me in this ofgospel Christ nation Jesus and

I source. youngster a employed other received was Even from no Whenall the world. over States, in heathen, the of classify as the United Senate them though some

So, we plead for your support, for there came into the office one day a yet I have never seen the veil between your help in encouraging the youth of former governor of this state. While God and man so thin as I have seen

the Church to participate in the great we were visiting, he said, "I'd like to among these native races. God has

Church youth program, with the aim give you a little advice."restored his gospel for all people. We

that they may be prepared when the I said, "That's fine, I appreciate adhave had eleven thousand missionaries time comes to take over the responsivice from one of your experience."in the field since 1946, going to all

bilities that we older people now have. He said, "Never lose a friend over parts of the world where they are

Returning to Paul's admonition to politics or religion."permitted to go. As has been menTimothy, "Let no man despise thy I have tried to keep that counsel in tioned, they are young, unexperienced

youth; but be thou an example of the my mind all my life. I was in politics men and women. But whether in

believers, in word, in conversation, in a little bit at one time, for which I New Zealand or in Hawaii or among charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity."have since repented. I was successful the Indians of this nation or wherever

Impress every young man with his in one election. I was defeated in anthey may go in the world, God magniresponsibilities and obligations in the other. But I am very thankful that I fies his priesthood, and his priesthood

priesthood, that when temptation can say today that I still have the speaks as having authority, and the crosses his path, he may remember the friendship of my opponents. I cherish people give listening ears.

answer of the boy Savior in the temple their friendship. I respect the principles Sometimes they are warned, the

when he said, "... wist ye not that I for which they stood, and I am sure people of the world, to beware of

must be about my Father's business?"they respect me in the same light. these Mormon missionaries; and they

This I humbly pray, will be the blessBrothers and sisters, we are children are referred to the prophecy that one ing of every young man and every of God, we are Saints of the Most High day false prophets would come among young woman in the Church of Jesus God. There is no place in this kingdom them. God never fulfils his purposes

Christ of Latterday Saints. Amen. upon the earth for God's children to through false prophets. It is only

970 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA through true prophets that he fulfils know as explained by Daniel that God ters, these islanders of the sea, these his purposes among men. It is a would set up a kingdom in the last Indians of the reservation, worthy of

matter of historical record that God days. W'e know the story of the the blessings of the gospel of Jesus

said he would scatter Israel. It is a image which was seen by NebuchadChrist? Yes, a thousand times, yes!

matter of historical record that he said nezzar in a dream and the interpretaGod bless us all. May we be faithhe would gather Israel from the four tion by Daniel under the power of ful and devoted to this cause, obedient

corners of the earth. And this conGod of that dream. We know that to the principles of the gospel, sustaingregation today is a witness to the those kingdoms and empires syming one another in our respective posiworld that it is a matter of historical bolized by the head, shoulders, and tions, honoring each other in our

fact that through the Church of Jesus breast, the belly and thighs, and the homes, preserving the integrity of our

Christ of Latterday Saints, God is legs, all passed away, and that during families, the integrity of our priestgathering Israel. the existence of none of those kinghood quorums, and of all the auxiliaGod said that in the last days the doms did God set up his kingdom never ries, that God may continue to be and

house of the Lord would be established to be destroyed. But in the days of abide with us. This I pray in the name

in the tops of the mountains, and exthe kings symbolized by the toes, God of Jesus Christ. Amen.

alted above the hills, and all nations did establish his kingdom in the earth, would flow unto it. It is a matter of and it will never be destroyed.

is that priesthood of utteredhistorical record that he The God among... Second Jeiiion... faithful prophets. hold of his men. Let it be oneprophecy through us who

It is a matter of historical fact that and loyal to this priesthood. We FRIDAY AFTERNOON

the mountain of the Lord's house has represent God, brethren. God must

been established in the tops of the work through you to fulfil his propheSEPTEMBER 29, 2 00 P.M

mountains, and all nations have been cies; therefore, prize your priesthood,

flowing into it. It is a matter of be loyal to it, be humble before God,

stick that his purposes thehistorical fact will accomplish and you of Judah is in the building in the written and A PURE RELIGION hand up of his kingdom, andhas been of God as one of his mediums of bringthis work shall go forth into all the CMCI ing salvation to his children. It is a world and will reach out and will

matter of historical record that there touch those who are to be brought was also to be a stick of Joseph, and out, two of a family and one of athat these two should be one in the city, and gathered to Zion. UNDEFILED

hand of God. It is a matter of histori- I repeat, I thank God that we have

cal fact that the Church of Jesus Christ been sought out from far and distant of Latterday Saints is now distributplaces to gather here. I thank God

ing this record, this stick of Joseph for the young missionaries who many along with this stick of Judah to the years ago found my ancestors on the thousands and thousands of those to Isle of Man and brought them out, and whom the missionaries are going with they came in poverty and found their their testimonies of the restoration of way to Nauvoo. They met the

the gospel. It is a matter of historical Prophet. One of these young lads

record that God was to send Elijah was almost to be attacked and dethe prophet before the coming of the stroyed by a mob as he was lifting great and dreadful day of the Lord water from the Mississippi River, but to turn the hearts of the children to the his life was spared as it had been fathers and the hearts of the fathers prophesied it would be. Yes, I thank CLIFFORD E. YOUNG

to the children, lest the earth be smitGod with all my heart that we have ten with a curse. It is a matter of been gathered out from the world, and

historical fact that in this dispensation I thank God that these people, these

Elijah has returned to the earth, for islanders, and these Indians are rethe hearts of the children have been sponding to this message, and that uj-j-ora (. {/jovtvia

turned to their parents and those of once in a great while, these people in the parents to the children. We know their poverty find a way to get to ASSISTANT TO

to whom that prophet came. It is a Zion and go into the temple of God. THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

matter of historical record that God I offer up my thanksgiving to my said through his Apostle that another Father in heaven for these natives testimonies have indeed been angel would fly through the midst of who are here today. My, how much Ourstrengthened so far in this conheaven, having the everlasting gospel I owe to them! I remember during ference, and 1 share with you in

to preach to those who dwell upon the war years that this fine couple gratitude to our Heavenly Father for the earth. To the Church of Jesus were both in the military service of his goodness, for the manifestations of

Christ of Latterday Saints it is a their country. And after the service his Spirit, and above all I am grateful

matter of historical fact that that was completed, as we had no missionfor the Church, for the testimony of its angel has flown through the midst of aries in New Zealand, they both retruth, and for the fellowship with you, heaven, and the everlasting gospel has sponded to mission calls. One day my brethren and sisters.

been restored to the earth. It was as I was going to visit them in the Some weeks ago I was handed a

said by the Master that this gospel city of Rotorua, I discovered that they clipping taken from a Los Angeles of the kingdom should be preached as had built a beautiful new house. As paper in which appeared a report of

a witness to all nations, and then I went into that home, I noticed that some remarks made over the radio by should the end come. It is a matter over the door there was a beautiful one of the distinguished clergymen of

of historical record and fact that there little printed sign with the name on it, Los Angeles. His broadcasts are in the

are right now 5,840 missionaries repreMatthew Cowley. That was to be nature of a questionnaire, and one of

senting the Church of Jesus Christ of my house whenever I was visiting in the questions submitted to him was

Latterday Saints out in the world, that area of the mission. And when this: "There are said to be more Latterbearing witness to the restoration of my family and I left New Zealand, it day Saints in Los Angeles and its enthe gospel of Jesus Christ. wasn't enough that we had lived in virons than there are in Salt Lake City.

Brothers and sisters, what more do their home, they took the blankets Do you not regard this as a threat?"

we need other than the testimony of from the beds on which we had slept Dr. Fifield, in answering the question

these historical facts to confirm the and insisted that we bring those said, fulfilment of God's prophecies as blankets back home with us. No, I do not consider this a threat. I

prophesied by his servants? And we Are these people, brothers and sis- (Continued on following page)

OECFMBER 1950 971 ice. It is one that presents a constant

Clifford E. Young Continued challenge of daily labor, laboring for

good, for the establishment of truth, consider it a challenge. The Protestant "And this gospel of the kingdom"and for the amelioration of suffering. We'll

churches, I think, have much to learn from that was quoted here this morning, never have peace in the world in any isthe church Church. There no Mormon all It in will "shall for other the world preached way. be only come if we

its thein for that does world so much into translate nations; all the lives then unto these a witness our divine and

the as people Church.young Mormon truths. these I shall (Matt. concepts the 24:14.) end come."and dignitariespersonally the of most of know

as I pray, day, that parthe the will Sabbath us give Lord we On I visitthe in Salt Church. Lake Mormon

City frequently, and I know of no finer or take of the sacrament, we witness unstrength and power to do this, in the more highminded people anywhere. They to the Lord Jesus Christ that we will name of Jesus. Amen.

live the cleanest and most temperate lives keep his commandments, that we will of any religious sect that I know of. Their live in harmony with his will. And so

people support their church generously with I repeat, we have this challenge. Are

their tithing in system, the church turn and to truth the the world? we

its forsupports people provides and a way it live as witness only we We witnessingcan istheir social that so care of them none that those concepts with have on harmony roll. relief publicany in STAND UP AND Father. revealed our Heavenly been by

As I read that, I wished that were Lip service is not the service that is

It in is a conthis Church. required liketrue. of it are The possibilities BE COUNTED fellow service to our stant daily men. all forthe possibilities in the Church

things that are in harmony with the I alluded to it a minute ago with refmind and will of God. But sometimes erence to people being on relief. Wesome of us do not always conform. If have a challenge there to see to it that WITH THE

all the Latterday Saints conformed to those of our people who are in disthe counsels of the Church, this would tress shall not be neglected but shallbe verily true. But we do have within be provided for, and if we fail to meas10RD

the Church this possibility. It isn't a ure up to that challenge, and that is

reason have people on l It's we why adream. reality, if we will. And the &;t relief, failing in our republic we are on.then he goes

sponsibilities as leaders and members

I course, the not story accept of do Of Al. pointed has the of \ J5car Lord Church. The J\imham finding thethe of plates golden the and therein. should the walk way. We We oftranslation the thereof THE FIRST OF THE SEVENTY Book OF COUNCIL of Mormon it is in neglect our the but way, know I thein related, think that but as manner do

live in to failure to that our up and religious its organization, holdinga people to a high level of culture and education which we know to be true, that we fail and social progress, the Mormon Church to witness that we are keeping his has no parallel in our time. No, I do not commandments, that we are a witness'

think the Mormon Church is any threat to of the truth. This applies not only in

other churches. I think it is a challenge this but in other walks of life also.

to to them do better work with their memWe are told in James 1:27, theirbers converts. and

before undefiled religion Pure and God that, I recalled read As I a very is this, visit to fatherless the the Father and criticismconstructive of President affliction, their in and to keep widows and toClark's the book, ImmorOn Way world. the unspotted from himselftality and Eternal Life. A brief review

of that book appeared in the Unitarian In our community recently, we had inChristian tragedy. the of the serious Register April number a very One

OSCAR A. KIRKHAMof this year. promisThis is a city, a very magazine of our that is young men

124 years old, a magazine that carries ing young man, met with a tragic death.

each month criticisms and reviews of The community responded in love and PRAY that I may enjoy the blessthe leading theological, religious, and sympathy to the family; and when the ings of the Spirit of the Lord. I

philosophical books as they are pubfuneral service was held, it proved to I thank him for my membership in lished from time to time. Outstanding be one of the largest attended in a long this Church. I wish I had the power

works they are, and it was certainly in time. One couldn't help feeling the and the ability to make that expression

keeping with the dignity and the schollove and the sympathy there manifestof appreciation more real, that it might arly atmosphere of Brother Clark's ed. But the next day, then what? And be not only more helpful to me but also

book to have this criticism appear in the days to follow. These are the to those with whom I associate.

this magazine. In the final statement, things that should give us concern. It Much has been given to us. Much

and that is the point I wish to emphaisn't just a spasmodic move or a gesis expected of us. I sincerely feel that

size, the critic says this: "It is an exture, but it's a constant service that is there never was a time when greater

cellent introduction to the contemporequired of us as Latterday Saints in opportunities faced our Church. I

rary position of one of the most inall we do, in our various walks of life. know that every year, every score of

fluential religions on the American Therein our religion can be exempliyears, brings to that group and that scene."Now, of course, we all like to fied as we each day experience probgeneration like feelings, but truly great

hear nice things about our Church, but lems such as this. things are now being wrought in the

the thing that we are interested in, my Now, I do not regard this as diffiworld, and great opportunities now brothers and sisters, is this: Are we cult. I believe we can do it. I believe face us. Nations fear each other. There

worthy of this trust—this pedestal on the Lord is cognizant of our weakis much that is being done, but we

truly the that challenges a task have sufficiently them, to overlook set forth in nesseswhich we are placed—as

best that is within home, in spite of these statements? challenge us, me in my make it possible, and to That is the

for us. Are we meeting this challenge? those weaknesses, for us to carry out you in yours, all of us wherever we

Do we in very deed in our living repreto the world that we do have a living, may be.

sent the Church and kingdom of God? this mandate, that we may demonstrate These lines from John:

religion, somethe have Savior, one occasion that we as heOn was vital that received hath has his testimony He disciples to his speaking live and the people can thing that telling and to his exset seal that (John 3:33.) God is true.

them of the events that should come to emplify in their lives. Otherwise the

pass in the last day, after making cergospel would not mean to us what it I want to refer to the baptism of tain predictions and promises, said, does. I repeat again, it isn't a lip servKarl G. Maeser, one of the great spirits

972 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of our Church, one of the great leaders know what they are fighting for. God free in our conversation and felt we

of the Brigham Young University. Just bless them with courage when they reknew each other quite Well, I took the

after his baptism in Germany, he said turn home, that they will take their liberty of rolling a cigaret. And the

these words: place and do their best. May the desyoung man said, 1 suppose it's time

tiny that that I told is theirs to have and enjoy be great about another you I water, out of the lifted both coming On them. with Saints.'principle of the Latterday He if said, "Father, hands to heaven and my

what I have done just now is pleasing unto A like spirit has gone out with 5800 said, 'I want to read you what we call thee, give me a testimony, and whatever young men and women into different the Word of Wisdom,'and he started thou shouldst require of my hands, I shall parts of the world. One simple, yet to to read to me. I had taken the cigaret

do, even to the laying down of my life for me a glorious, experience was enjoyed out of my mouth and, as this young this cause."{The Improvement Era 3:25.) last month in the East Central States chap read this Word of Wisdom,

Soon after this covenant with the Mission. As is our custom, we meet something happened to me. I found

Lord, he and President Franklin D. with all the missionaries as we go myself trying to crush that thing in my

a through of reRichards Mission the European inspiring. are truly mission. WeTheirare testimoniesthrilled as fingers.nerve andI feltkeptthecrushingfire onceit,butandheldI said,my to this to ceived the answer promise

listen to them. to I say leave a you, Brother I seldom Kirkham, as now for the neither of while Lord, one them we

truth. the but meeting he This to hold I have spoke brought what back boy the of the other, could language speak

that is. Brother Richards could not my tears of pride and joy for the youth me a message from God and cleared up

speak German, Karl G, Maeser could of this Church. I received a lovely remy life."

not understand English, yet the Lord flection of their service in one experiWell, these opportunities are also gave them the gift of tongues and of ence. A brother came to me after the ours. Just over the fence from where

understanding. The promise was fuldedication of one of the little chapels we live is someone waiting to hear us

said, in the the mission the speak word. Kirk- "Brother and Consider way we filled at once. of know, hundreds You

I in in the citizenship. opportunities accept for our ham, have been Church now this that the today, audience you in

nineteen years, Yes, Saint: about I appeal Latterday to every and I am extremehis blessings continued with Karl Lord

grateful for ly the high us. privileges has given one of of what God Vote—it's for his Maeser, G. numbered among

light truth the citizenship. of the your and gospel American has your The Bear pupils Sutherland of the George was

life. truly enriched testimony that every opportunity Let comes my tell you me States, of the United Court Supreme

it to happened."you. "Stand up with be counted and how of the United States SenSmoot Reed

"I said: the a Lord."missionary had young He ate, of the William H. United King

I to bless to help that home. us come us used drink a these and God my Senate, States others. and many, many

I cocktail occasionally. freely; realities great us to great hours be smoked may like in I feel in fashion also have we

it in the chap, clean, but his opportunities. sweet said young and of be May all hearts intent with our a good made

his in nature, us, so and deappearance to given you; was "Much much like to the promise Lord. again And

lightful, to told place us our came expected; did and part."was your and you I is this repeat, opportunity our to

I that us. for called he had something bless us that us with and be God we to the that promise. prove Lord

in, sat listened. and Mother of glorious religion and our we a may make of in recent one our conferences At

This continued evenings, for several reality. In the name of Jesus Christ. of the stakes, one young we asked a until one night when quite Amen. we were tell lady at to of her experience a national convention. She had received

lovely honors. She told the story in

some detail of what had happened at the convention, but then as the detail of it got wearisome to her, she took hold of the stand and seemed to rise several inches higher as she said, "I vinweManeS want to bear my testimony. That is

what is on my heart."Then this youth in

in all her glory expressed what her testimony meant to her.

in Years have been somewhat many SCANDINAVIA easily life. I'm of the up to the topmy

crest, but I challenge myself with you, the great majority of this audience, if Sif JoL -J. Wilt.6oe take the not that is opportunitywe do

ours to serve and him courageously do

JOHN A. W1DTSOE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Will,his bring he will a generaforward

tion that will keep his commandments and prove the glory of the gospel of [confess, my brethren and sisters, ries. A short time ago, within the last

Jesus Christ. that the call to occupy this position few weeks, the President of the

I listened to a talented pressman this afternoon is somewhat unexChurch went to Hawaii to celebrate a few days ago who had just returned pected. I am to give the Church of the coming of the gospel to those

from Korea. He said the question was the Air sermon next Sunday morning. islands one hundred years ago. You

often asked of the soldiers up in the It was intimated that because of that have read of what happened there.

front lines what they were fighting for. appointment I would not be asked to He mentioned it briefly himself this

He told only one simple incident. He speak from this stand. So I have no morning in his address.

said they know. Down the highway special message in my heart. I supIt is also a hundred years ago since

when thousands of Koreans were evacpose I'll have to depend upon the the gospel was brought to the foreignuating a city, there came a young felLord. That is good practice for Latspeaking lands of Europe. Up to that

low in a jeep. In the crowd that was terday Saints. time we had only once attempted to

hurrying on in confusion was an old I am always happy to bear my testipreach the gospel in foreign tongues, lady bent with age, a large bundle on mony to my brethren and sisters that namely in the South Sea Islands. But

her back. The jeep stopped, the GI this is the gospel of the Lord Jesus a hundred years ago the missionaries

boy threw the bundle in, then lifted the Christ. I rejoice in it; I know it to be sent out by the First Presidency of

old lady into the seat. Down the road true. The truth of it has lightened my that day entered the Scandinavian and

they went to safety. Well, the presslife and has given happiness to me other countries of Europe and bore

man made quite a bit of that simple inand to my family. That I can say witness of the restoration of the gospel

cident, and I believe that I caught the always to my brethren and my sisters. of our Lord, Jesus Christ. They made

spirit of it. Surely the American youth This has been a year of anniversa- {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1950 973 am sure that good sister received the

John A. Widtsoe continued gift of joy from her labors.

notable progress at that time, a comes transformed. He is no more afterTherea briefis muchtrip I tomightScandinaviatell you eventhis

longer the resulted inprogress has same perwhich a large the man, no same of the conditions the summer about faithful completely.influx of and son. has changed women, men He faithful Latterday I people. They are

men and women, to the valleys of the am reminded of the statement of the Saints, second to none in the wards mountains here. Prophet Joseph Smith at one time, of Zion, I just touched old London

It was my privilege to be sent to when talking about the children of for a few days and found it the same

Scandinavia a few months ago to take Abraham; he said that any person who wonderful old London, in the same

part in the celebration which the Saints accepts the gospel of Jesus Christ condition as of the past. The people

of those countries were holding and becomes of the seed of Abraham. A there, our people, are reported to be

enjoying, because of the great annisubtle change occurs in the very faithful and true to their covenants versary. I visited the three Scandiphysical system of the man, which with the Lord, through their baptism

navian countries. I was given the makes him indeed one who belongs into the Church.

family the of the family to Abraham, Iprivilege primarily, suppose, because I like close say, before to I would faithful. notable change This of theI little to of the able speak a am I this that greatly brief report, was

I this times a on good observed many I countries. visited those oftongues this thrilled Brother as I heard morning

this that trip Scandinavia to summer, in Sweden,Denmark, Norway, and to report, his give and added Cowley better, for the transformed are men inaddition briefly stopping to Engthat Brother from heard have we their multiplied, vision their powers I thrilledland. feeling back came ago. a few Kirkham moments The

their understanding increased, and in the thewith gospel which manner is to the the of not message Church in out brought comprehension new the spread developed andhad from It valleys alone. the of mountains

humble beginnings of a hundred years forms so much more vigorously benot to be confined in these valleys suris gospel the of they which have in countries. those of causeago You know, hills. everlasting these rounded by We truths of of the received, because incourse, that valleys, here these message. a worldwide the have army Our

this to bear recgospel. happy am the stakes Zion, ofamong and wards five eight missionaries, of thousand

sisters this at brethren to and ord myIthe those of countries blood through this as reported strong hundred was intermarriage has spread until a large conference. morning, implies our belief in the

proportion of our people here carry I am very happy also to bring you spread of the gospel over the whole some of that blood. the greetings of the people, our brethearth. The Lord has said himself that

The brethren and sisters of the ren and sisters of the covenant, of the every ear shall hear the gospel in these

Scandinavian countries had planned faraway missions in Europe. They latter days. That means not only the

large celebrations. I was able to atsend their greetings to you and their ears of the people who are here in

tend fully the ones in Stockholm, blessings also, and their blessings are this beautiful, blessed land of America,

Sweden, and in Oslo, Norway. They quite worth while for they come from but far beyond over the seas, on the

were carefully laid out after the patcommon sources. They love you, islands, everywhere, the gospel has

tern that had been planned for our they watch you; they follow you; they been preached and must continue to

celebration here at home and were try to emulate and to imitate that be taught. And we're doing this sasplendidly rendered, fully as well as which you do here. cred work to the best of our ability.

the celebration here at home. I missed Some years ago, I have forgotten As we do that and continue to do it,

the beginning of the celebration in just how many, I had the privilege to the Lord will bless us and magnify us

Denmark because of my hurried call go to Oslo, the capital of Norway, and make us powerful and strong, acand trip, but later on I met with the with President David O. McKay and ceptable to him. Let us never forget

Danes and enjoyed their company and Elder Reed Smoot. The three of us the worldwide nature of our obligapartook of their spirit and learned of came into the city rather late in the tions before the Lord. Our missionthe excellence of their celebration. afternoon. I think two of us at least ary system must be cherished and

It was interesting to me to note how were unannounced. Perhaps Brother be kept alive constantly and forever,

the gospel changes the very nature McKay was announced, the president until that last great day comes and the of men and women, and how faithful then of the European Mission, I am Lord says that the work is done.

and devoted men and women may benot sure about that. But we made our My brethren and sisters, I bear

come to the cause of truth once it way at once to the meeting place of you again my testimony that I know sinks into their hearts. the Latterday Saints. I shall never this to be the gospel of Jesus Christ.

Norway is a long country, nearly a forget that meeting. We were not It is the truth. As Brigham Young

thousand miles long. Up in the icy expected by the members present. The used to say, "Men ask me what the

north, we have two or three branches, meeting was composed of the people, gospel of Jesus Christ is, what name one very recently established, and I the men and women, who had been does it bear? And I say to you, its

was pleased to find in Oslo, which is called to labor as missionaries in the name might well be truth."We and

nearly at the south end of the country, city of Oslo. It was a report meeting. the Church, if we are faithful, as we

people who had come from the far One after another the people, young have been taught this morning by the north to celebrate and to thank the and old, got up and gave a report of President, the prophet of the Lord,

Lord for the coming of the gospel to what they had done. I recall one shall conquer. We cannot fail. Truth

their land. The same happened in elderly lady who said that she hesiis never defeated. It blesses all who

Sweden; also in Denmark, which is a tated to make her report, for it was possess it. We have the truth. If

small country. All had a very large such a poor report. She had only had we will keep the truth and if we cherrepresentation of their Church memtime during the last month to bring the ish it and practise it in our lives, then

bers in attendance at the celebrations. gospel to two hundred different homes. victory over error will be ours from

There was a spirit of faith and devo- I thrilled as I thought of the faith of the smallest household in Zion to the tion like that we have here today. that woman, the strength of her faith; farthest outpost of Zion, wherever

Many people had traveled hundreds and how many of us fail to appreciate that may be. Thus through the restoof miles to sit by one another in meetwhat we have received as she did apration of the gospel in our day, the

ings like this and to listen to dispreciate it. Many go by day after day, whole world shall be blessed.

courses on the simple principles of the having received the great gift, of the May the Lord bless us and fill us gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. eternal gospel, the greatest of all with an understanding of this mighty

It was interesting to note, also, how gifts, but forgetting to pay back to the work laid out for us in these latter men grow and develop under the inLord as he would like us to do a part days and make us able to do the fluence of the gospel spirit. Let a very of our time and strength and power to Lord's work, which we can do if we

humble man be touched by the gospel assist in the advancement of the great are faithful, I pray in the name of of the Lord Jesus Christ, and he bekingdom of God here upon this earth. I the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

974 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA stood up and faced his son.

LIKE FATHER... smoke."He said, "Jim, you cannot start to

"But I have started already, and I want to know what is the best brand of cigarets?"LIRE SON... "Son, I am telling you,"Bill said,

"you cannot start to smoke."

"Well, why not, Dad? You've

vDu t Ifjam (L-. [-eterten smoked as long as I can remember, and

it hasn't hurt you any. I've watched

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE you."

Those last words Jim spoke cut

MARK E. PETERSEN into Bill's heart. "I've watched you.

earnestly pray, my brothers and I've watched you."Then Helen was

sisters, that while I stand here the right, Bill thought to himself. All

I Spirit of the Lord will be with me be separated from this group of boys these years Helen had told him that because indeed it is a frightening thing and that possibly, if she married him, his cigaret habit—the example he wasto stand before so many people, and under her influence he might leave off holding before his sons—would re-

I realize my great need of help. the bad habits which he had acquired sult like this, and he had never believed

I have missed in this conference the and get back into activity in the her. Now Helen was right. Here was

genial presence of President George Church. And then, probably within Jim saying, "I've watched you. I've

F. Richards. I would like you to know a year or so, they could go to the watched you."

that I, as one of the members of his temple together; so she consented, and Then Bill felt a consciousness of

Council, was very, very grateful for they were married by her bishop in guilt, a note of selfaccusation, and the privilege of serving under his her living room at home. there were words going through his

leadership. I regard him as a truly A year or so went by, and a lovely mind saying, "I taught him. I taught

I taught him."great man—a great soul—a great baby boy was born to them. They him.

leader. I am sure that no one had a called him John. In due time another Bill shook himself and walked over

more firm faith in the Almighty than boy was born to them. They called to his son and took hold of both shouldid President Richards. I am sure him James, but he was soon known as ders and looked him square in the eye

that he was an inspired man of God, Jim. and said, "Son, you say these cigarets

and I would like to say to you that I, Bill loved his two boys, and every didn't ever hurt me. And you say

along with the other members of the night after he came home from work, you've watched me. I want you to

Council, loved that man deeply; and he would play with them and have know that these cigarets have done

today, together with the rest of you, just a grand time. He would hold me more harm than anything else in

I miss his presence here. them way above his head and laugh my life. Nothing has hurt me, nothing

I would like to tell you a story about at them and talk to them, and they has handicapped me so much as these a friend of mine whom I shall call Bill, would laugh back. Then he would cigarets. Why, I'd give anything that

for the sake of anonymity. During bring them down and hug them to I own if I had never started to use

Bill's last year at school, he met a him. them, and I don't want to see the same

lovely young woman named Helen. This show of affection made Helen handicaps come to you. Why, Jim,

They became very good friends, and very happy, but Bill played with them these cigarets have raised a barrier it wasn't very long until they began while he had a cigaret in his mouth, between me and happiness right here to talk about the possibility of their and when Helen saw those little baby in my own home, and they have caused getting married. hands reach out for that smoldering your mother many hours of weeping.

lips, Bill's her thing white between I I that, to don't want you and know last that school of year During same heart sank, she to began wonder and this kind."of a habit undertakeBill fell in fellows of a with group who in that the might what example mean earnestly unso and so popular He talked the group aswere most known future lives those of boys. first that that at usually thought Bill Jim the taught campus.on some They

bad habits. Years went by. John became twenhis dad was putting on an act and

When Helen first saw Bill with a ty years of age and was called on a told him so. Again Bill began to talk

cigaret in his mouth, it nearly broke mission. He was thrilled with the call and plead with his son never to smokeher heart. She talked with him and and so was his mother. Bill—well, on again, to get rid of this habit that he

pleaded with him, but he felt that the night of the farewell testimonial, had just begun.

smoking cigarets was one of the things Bill sat on the stand with his wife and Then Jim, realizing that his dad was that went with the popularity of this son, and he was just about as proud as really serious, said, "Well, Dad, if group on the campus. So her pleadany father could be, because John was this cigaret habit is so bad, why

ings brought no results. Helen began really a remarkably fine young man. haven't you quit?"

to wonder if she should stay with Bill About three weeks after John's deBill said, "I've tried to quit. I've tried

or not, whether she should allow their parture for his mission, Bill was sitting many times, but I have never been courtship to end in marriage. She one evening in front of the big, open able to—the habit is too strong. I'm

wanted to be married in the temple, fireplace in the living room reading the just like a slave to this cigaret, and I and she knew that if Bill continued to evening paper and smoking a cigaret. don't want you to become a slave.

smoke cigarets they would not get to While he was doing so, in came Jim, Now, Son, cut it out."

the temple. a young man by this time. Jim said, Jim said, "Well, Dad, you see all the

When graduation time came, Bill "Hi, Dad."fellows I go with—they all smoke.

offered a formal proposal to Helen and Without looking up from his paper, They'll think I'm a sissy. I couldn't

asked her to set the date of their Bill said, "Hello, Son. How are you?"face those fellows and tell them I

wedding. She thought it over long "I'm fine, Dad. I want to ask you wasn't going to smoke any more. They

and seriously. She loved Bill a very a question."are the most popular crowd I know."

great deal and did not like the idea of "All right, Son, what is it?"Bill said, "Popular or not, stop this

losing him. But neither did she like "What's the best brand of cigarets?"habit and if necessary get a new

the idea of marrying a smoking man, Bill stiffened in his chair. For a mocrowd. Find new friends who don't

one who could not take her into the ment it seemed as if he were frozen smoke, but let cigarets alone."

temple where she had wanted to go. there. Then his hands relaxed, and Jim said, "Well, I don't know

After some days'consideration, the paper slipped from his fingers and whether I can do that or not. I'll have

Helen finally came to the conclusion fell to the floor. He flipped his cigato think this over."

that when school was out, Bill would ret over into the open fire and then (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1950 975 Mark E. Petersen continued younow, toDad,knowall thathow is gratefulover, andj I Iamwantto

Then his dad said, "Jim, I'll make a the next Sunday and the next, and you."

bargain with you. If you'll quit smokhe continued to go and enjoyed it. But what about Jim? Well, Jim is

ing, I'll quit."About a year afterwards the bishop married now and has a little boy of

Jim, quick as a flash said, "Well, came to him one day and said, "Bill, his own, and he comes home at night

Dad, you just told me you couldn't how would you like to be ordained an and plays with this boy just as Bill quit. Are you trying to lead me elder?"used to play with Jim. And when Jim

his little in his arms, son up ownalong?"Bill's into throat, lump came and gets A

little that just did, his father as baby, filled tears eyes with as Bill's answer to that was that he his he took walked over to the fireplace, put his hold of the bishop's hand and said, reaches out for that smoldering white hand in his pocket, pulled out the "Bishop, do you mean that at last I thing between his dad's lips.

package of cigarets and the folder of can take Helen to the temple?"The other day I rode home on the

matches, and threw them into the open The bishop squeezed his hand and bus with Bill, and he was telling me fireplace. Then he turned around and said, "Yes, Bill, at last you can take how happy he is in his new life. And

faced his son and said, "Son, I've Helen to the temple."then he told me about Jim, and said

quit. I'm all through. Now, will you Another year went by, and John that if nearly twenty years of a bad

do the same thing?"came home from his mission. One example would put Jim where he now

"Well, I don't know. Dad, I've got day when John and his father were is, possibly another twenty years of a

to think this over,"Jim said. "I'll tell alone together, John went over and good example might bring him back to

you in the morning."put his arm around his dad and said, where he ought to be. And I thought,

That night Bill couldn't sleep. He "Dad, I want you to know how deeply "God bless you, Bill."

rolled and tossed in bed as long as grateful I am to you for the wonderful And God bless all other men like he could stand it and then got up and thing you have done. You know, as a him in the wonderful struggle they are

went into the living room and closed boy I always used to think that my making for the right.

the door. He didn't turn on the lights. dad was just about perfect, and I And God bless Jim and all other

He just walked the floor there in the guess every boy thinks that his dad boys like him that they may recognize dark. is through kept going Jim's words the greatest in the it world. man But tobacco narcotic for what is—a I've "I'vehis head, you. watched time every cigaret, it hurt you a took helps which enslaves beings human and

watched you,"followed by his own me deep inside. I knew you had a to destroy their faith in God. This is

sense of selfaccusation, "I taught him. weakness you couldn't control. But my prayer, in Jesus'name. Amen.

I taught him."

It had been a long time since Bill had said a prayer. He had left that

pretty much with Helen. But this

night he wanted more than anything else to have Jim quit smoking; so therein the darkness and the stillness of FAITH...

his home he slipped down on his knees and began to pray. He poured

out his soul to the Lord and told him Xr y/eed J'orall of his faults and shortcomings, conJoday fessed all of his sins to the Lord—the

first that. he'd time ever done Then (L5u sMntou &Jk theirhe told the about Lord and Jim

conversation of the evening. OF HE FIRST COUNCIL OF HE SEVENTY

He didn't pray with much faith.

The cigarets had pretty well weakened ANTOINB R. IV1NS

what faith he had, but he did pray where we heard their expressions of from a sense of fear—fear for the beloved brethren and sisters, faith and their determination to carry

further on and they to which the work before as I stand you this MY called service have of beenof in the to morning to add my testimonyfuturelove—loveof that forboy;a andson fromfor whoma sensehe

would give his own life, if necessary. those that have already been given God. It was our purpose to encourage

But it seemed like asking a great deal you in this conference, I seek an inand to stimulate them in their faith, of the Lord to erase in one night an terest in your faith and prayers. I to help if we could, to surmount any

example which he had held before pray that what I say may be prompted obstacles that had presented themhis son ever since that son was a tiny by the Spirit of God, that out of it selves to them. Also, it was our purbaby. may possibly come a word of enpose to encourage the members of

At last morning came. Bill slowly couragement for some of us; for my the Church in that area, to help them.

climbed the stairs up to Jim's room and sole purpose, in ministering as I am I was very pleased to discover what went in and sat down on the edge of called to do to the seventies and to I think is an awakening among the peothe bed. He put one hand on Jim's the Church generally is to be helpful, ple of that area. In some of the meetshoulder. Jim turned over, and Bill to stimulate if I can the faith and the ings we had more investigators than

said, "Son, what's your answer?"courage of the members of the Church. members, after excluding the missionJim looked up into his dad's tired It has been very wisely said that aries. Rather large groups of investiface and sleepless eyes and said, "Dad, he who carries a lantern to light the gators were present. In some sections

I surely don't want to hurt your feelpathway of his brother sees more we had the privilege of meeting peoings, but the fellows—I couldn't face clearly his own. I must confess that ple of Jewish ancestry who have come

them. I guess I won't quit. I'll wait in trying to encourage others, I gain into the Church, That and other exawhile."courage, strength, and faith. It is in periences that I have had in other

Deeply disappointed, but without a spirit of love that I minister and missions of the Church seem to indiif it, I realizcan, to 'Bill cate saying that there that those help word, another need got is an awakening me up and

I joy that get ''interest and of ing at time of the the out people with the samewalked room. among He slowly1

it felt'likfe I is real. of it. out labor. been whipped. I hope 'But he had whom we satisfaction1

he was: more than ever determined to Only a week ago Sister Ivins and hope it is an indication of an increasing

keep his dwn resolution. He would I returned from a visit to the Canadian faith on the part of the people and their

never go back to his cigarets. Mission, where we had the privilege dependence upon the Lord for his

The next Sunday he went to Church, of listening to the testimonies of alblessings. I hope it doesn't come from

the first time in years. He went again most 160 of your sons and daughters; fear of the present conditions that pre976 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

vail in the world but rather from a protection. I noticed that each one of that will prompt us to live, its standsincere desire to serve God and enthose birds had spread his wings, and ards. Overcoming the temptations of

joy the blessings that come from the they had so intertwined them that the world and living the standards of companionship of his Holy Spirit. their bodies were completely covered the Church should be a matter of

They expect in the Canadian Mission as a shield from the frost and the cold; loyalty to us, a matter of selfdisci-

to baptize more people than they did only their heads stuck up above that pline. We should take pride in

last year. By a missionary who recovering. And they survived. Withourselves that we can live the will

turned the other day from one of the out that united effort of selfprotection, of the Church, whether we always missions, I was told that in a single they might have succumbed to the know the reason for it or not. It is

month the missionaries had baptized alweather. But with it, they came my feeling and my testimony that out

most as many people as in some previthrough in comfort, I am sure. of the inspiration of God which comes

ous years in the same territory. As I Now if we could so put out our arms to these brethren, comes a policy for

said, I hope it indicates a true increase and shield each other, if we could so the Church that is wise and wellin interest and desire on the part of support each other through the faith designed, that will be for the welfare the people to approach God and get that we should have in each other, and the progress of every man and nearer to him. And I hope that same then all the righteous purposes of God every woman that will follow it.

spirit exists among us who are here as far as this group of people is conMay God give us this faith in ourat home. I wish to assure the fathers cerned, I am sure, could be realized. selves, faith in those who lead us, faith

and mothers of those missionaries in Can we develop that faith? I think in our ultimate destiny that will enthe Canadian Mission that their leaderwe should; I think it could come as a able us to carry on, without misgivship is good, that the president of that result of a positive effort on our part. ings and without fear, into the future;

mission has only the welfare of the I have been checking the records of that will enable us to carve out our work and the welfare of the missionthe various stakes that I have visited destiny; that will ultimately bring us

aries at heart, that it is my judgment all this year, and in many respects I back to the presence of God in exthat he enjoys the Spirit of God in his notice, as compared with previous altation, I pray, and I do it in the name ministry, that his wife is supporting him years, that there is a better condition of Jesus Christ. Amen.

loyally and well. The missionaries are indicated in those reports, the condiwithout exception in the enjoyment of tion of greater faith. There are some

health. items that show slipping, but many of

This is a time when we need faith, them show improvement in the stakes faith of a very definite and positive that I have visited. The use of liquor

to tobacco seems be decreasing, that will nature, us to and the faith lead SEEK YE if I statistics. can trust those The that I believe optimism. pessimism

grows out of a lack of faith, and that number of people who hold family if we have the right type of faith, we prayers seems to be on the increase. will be optimistic about the future. The number of people, the percentage THE LORD

It may be true that the immediate of those in the Melchizedek Priesthood future may have difficulties for us, but who observe the Sabbath seems to be increase. in I noticed I a stake on the it all will of feel that out a realigrow

I visited recently that atBy the of the zation of purposes God. And that

it should be our purpose to develop tendance at sacrament meeting has and maintain in our hearts, if we can, been on a steady increase, showing a (stared kj. J>mltk

rising the years. over curve last few faith in ultimate conand in God PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH real, that indications these are I hope his faith ofsummation purposes—athe

that a real determination they on show inthat will unite a solid, coherent us group. We must, of course, in order our part to live closer to God and

to do that, develop faith in each other. serve him better.

Without that faith we are not likely I love this service; I love the people.

to go far in promoting the work of the I'am always encouraged when I see

Lord. We must have a faith that will these signs of faith on their part.

missionaries. our returningencourage will never be perfect—we

them, that I find as I interview they are for perwe should strive We'reperfect—butnever

uncertain. They don't know just what fection, and the development of faith

is going to happen to them because is the thing that will bring it. My faith

of present chaotic conditions, but we prompts me to believe that God has a must try to develop in their hearts design for the world that he expects faith and reliance on God that will us to realize. And the best way for

like to planenable as they them would attention that is to to us to do pay plan,to carry 1 though and then on even today. It will gone. Yesterday has ELDRED G. SMITH

those plans may be temporarily innever come back. Today is always

terrupted; the faith that will lead us to with us so long as we live. Tomorrow

the ultimate consummation of the puris a hope only, so today we must look have paid particular attention in poses of God, faith that will help us to ourselves, to our behavior, look to this conference to the prayers that to cooperate, that out of cooperation our faith in ourselves and in God. If I have been offered. They have

may come strength. If we could propwe are satisfied with it, all well and been indeed a good example for all of

erly unite our efforts, all of our temgood! If we are not, let's increase it. us to follow. I hope that I will receive

poral difficulties could be overcome, I Let's make such changes in our proin turn my full share of prayers asked am sure. If and when we overcome, gram and in our attitudes that will inin behalf of those who take part here

it will be only because we unite in our crease that faith. I have said we in this conference as I am sure those

purpose through faith in each other. should have faith in each other. We who have preceded me have received.

I want to tell you a very pretty little should have faith in our leadership, in In the beginning, as Adam and Eve thing that I once saw that illustrates the the ward, in the stake, in the general were driven out of the Garden of result of cooperation. Most of you officers of the Church. I stand here to Eden, they Were shut out from the

know that I spent a time in Mexico, bear testimony to you that in all my presence of the Lord, but the Lord did

One time as I was riding on a cold, associations with the leadership of the not expect them to be without some frosty morning through the Sierra Church above me, I have seen nothing contact with him. That one avenue

Madre Mountains, I ran on to a little but honest purpose. Let's try and he.. left open for man to reach God

covey of Messina partridges. It was develop that type of faith..Let's while | in., this life of mortality was

cold, and they got together, for,, sejfdevelop a loyalty to the organization prayer; so Adam called upon God, and

DECEMBER 1950 977 we should not have to call upon the

Eldred 6. Smith Continued divorce courts so much. Teach your

children the one source of strength that he received guidance in all things. hardly remember what we are saying. will never fail them. Help them to

Neither does God expect us to get We must have a spirit of deep humilirealize that they have an everlasting along without his help. Throughout the ty, of repentance, an open mind, to friend, one that they can call upon

Old and New Testament and the Book receive the will of God. We must not when their hearts are filled with joy

of Mormon the Lord gave instructions be hampered by any anger or meanness as well as when they are filled with to pray constantly. The Doctrine and or hardness of heart, or any selfish dedoubt or sadness or despair. Then when

Covenants is filled with like exhortasires. We must tune our minds and our they have grown up and are on

tions. The disciples asked the Savior hearts to the Spirit of God just as we their own, living at home, away at

on one occasion, "Lord, teach us to tune our radio to receive the program school, or in the farflung battlefields pray."- from the broadcasting station. We of war, they have God as their partwant no interfering static from outside ner; they are not afraid. This would

influences. In the attitude of true rebring peace, happiness, and joy. A sinpentance we should seek forgiveness sick world could be lifted from its

if turn to the only we could could prayer. more we As Jesus told his improvement.of our past mistakesI like andthe guidancelittle poemfor Lorddepthsin What

disciples, our used so much in our home: do for our children? I pronounce the

Father in heaven blessings of God upon all who humbly is to pray, not prayer say To my in prayer, in the name of seek him what knows we are I I the words Unless mean Christ. Amen. say, Jesus

I I speak, think to Unless in need whom we of before start; yet he has comAnd with my heart his favor seek.

manded us to pray. Then let me, when I come to pray,

Not only mean the words I say,

But let me strive with earnest care, To have my heart go with my prayer. WILL A MAN

Among other things the Lord said, Unless our whole heart is in what we"Pray to our Father in heaven."And are doing, we are not really praying. ROB GOD?

herein, I think that we need to be care- A child is naturally sincere and can be ful, because very often we open our taught to pray almost with its first prayer with the expression of praying words. His own private prayer should

to our Father in heaven, then during become a habit never to be broken.

the prayer we use the term "Lord,"and If he greets the day with a prayer for before we are through it is hard to tell guidance and help, if he goes to sleep whether we are addressing the Father with a prayer of thanksgiving, more is won in trying toor his Son, Jesus Christ. We should than half the battle

pray to our Father in heaven, for he do right. The Lord tells us in the Docis indeed the Father of all mankind on trine and Covenants, sixtyeighth secthe earth, and because he is our Father, tion, twentyeighth verse:

he wants us to come to him often with children shall also teach their they And joysour our sorrows thank and and the before uprightly to walk pray, and for all us. that him given has he Then toLord.

the Savior us suggestive gave a good MILTON R. HUNTER

sample of the things to pray for and Children will learn more from obserhow to pray. (See Luke 11:1-2.) vation than they ever will from just

As Jesus told his Disciples, our being told. If parents have a prayerful

Father in heaven knows what we are attitude, the children are more than in need of before we start; yet he has likely to have the same. Family prayer

commanded us to pray. He wants us to cannot be too highly praised. In no Utton f\. MiAftter

a obtain such can we of others way thoughtful as be are of other we spirit OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY place is better there any of unity, nor ourselves. forgive us as "Forgive we

our debtors."He did not intend that for the child to learn to pray in public.

Doctrine us in the Lord also tells The use the exact should always words we section nineteenth and Covenants, that in the and THISence—tois indeedoccupya thishumblingposition.experi-I do, or to use he gave sample

prewritten prayers. In so doing we twentyeighth verse: therefore, ask an interest in your

would become as those Christ referred faith and prayers and that the Spirit to when he said, "They draw near to And again, I command thee that thou of God might rest down upon me.

heart; thy as in well as vocally pray years ago thousand their than their two with hearts are shalt More me

in secret, well as as the world before yea, speaking prophet, far ancient think Hebrew me."from an you Joseph lips,Dobut private."in as well public in as said, the Lord, for received that Smith would have wonif derful manifestation he simply had a child can It is surprising soon how ye have Yet rob God? Will a man prayer? read a heart of our much How just in prayer, family his and turn take have say, Wherein ye But me. robbed into that a of goes nature? prayer How the to that comes of the think good offerings. tithes In and thee? robbed we faith exercise can with words much we and If together kneel family. down we (Malachi3:8.)

and thoughts that are not our own? unitedly thank God for his many blessPrayer without faith is dead, and if we ings; pray for guidance, for peace and During the past five and onehalf

add to the faith which President Ivins love in our hearts; if we pray for others years since I was made a member of

just that to has us about, spoken I Seventy, of the Council First the for the need; are in advancement who

results, I'm sure will prayer, have and and experience wonderful had the have here; it help but can of God's work

we'll have an increase of the statistics make our home a better place? Can opportunity to travel throughout the

referred President Ivins has help but be more to in actual we such. as fact and continue kind others, and loving? more thoughtfulA manof stakesI haveofobservedZion and within the muchmissionjoyfields,the

We do not read our prayers in this and wife who will pray together and great amount of faith expressed and

Church, but some of us get in almost pray vocally will have more love and exhibited by the Latterday Saints.

as bad a rut. We are so bound by set contentment in their home. If we would Thousands and thousands of them are

words and phrases at times that we learn to call upon God more often, paying their full tithes and offerings 978 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to the Lord, contributing in the welSo he gave them the teachings of I could have read his thoughts, he fare programs, sending their sons and Malachi and he asked them to write probably would have been thinking, daughters into the mission fields, and those teachings down. After this had "Well, you have your nerve, Brother

in practically all respects living the been done, he explained to them all Hunter, to think that I would steal."

gospel of Jesus Christ. They are doing that Malachi had taught. Finally he looked at me and said,

all of those things and much more beHe quoted the exact words of Mala- "No, sir."

lives; chi, that theycause they know God I satisfied, exactly wasn't so I and

is that the the Jesus Christknow and steal said, a from you "Would cow rob have Yet ye Will God? a manSavior the that of world; they know neighbor?"your But me. have ye robbed say: Wherein is Smith of a prophetJoseph and God

tithes offerings. thee? this In instantly, robbed and reply shot we back Hethat true the gospel has restored been

(Ibid., 24:8.) thirtyfive steal "I cents from wouldn'tthrough the in Prophet Smith Joseph

neighbor."myour day. is Christ, since the the Jesus Now I is invery, "This very remarked, ofttimes felt that sure I have I am the great of the world, Savior Judge,

that teresting to me, wouldn't you is in the pleased with ChurchGod the the very under Redeemer, One thirtyfive cents steal neighfrom yourgeneral with and of the Lattermany us, the gospel gosto the came whom yet, bor; rob would and God,"you in particular. Saintsday after cerpel him; then being named

On the other hand, however, I have tainly when he says that these A questioning look came over his also observed that there are certain teachings on tithing are the doctrine face, and he asked, "What do you members of the Church of Jesus Christ and will of his Father, those teachings mean? I don't understand you."

of Latterday Saints—and possibly would apply to us. Thereupon I turned his recommendathousands of them—who are fulfilling Furthermore, a hundred years ago tion card over and read three words,

Malachi's prophecy or prediction at and a little more, the Lord revealed "Part tithepayer."

the present time. They are robbing the gospel of Jesus Christ to the Prophflushed, rather looked and at me He in offerings. tithes andGod I've oftet that Smith. of part Joseph As

little I red, say, a turned mighttimes thought have and expressed even restoration restoration the great was his chair in a little, twisted aroundthe that that I believe idea practically tithing. principle In of the a revelaof

I said to he me, "Well, and finallyall of members Jesus of the Church that tion said the Lord to the Church it's this Hunter: Brother guess way, if Saints,Christ of Latterday they be would an everthis commandment

isn't to check here on up Lord tithing, the ofunderstood thorlaw lasting of the the the priesthood law unto is. If me. my is, if My neighboroughly; will that they the is, It knew there- (D. 119:4.) Church. & C.

jail."put neighbor, he would Imerobbedin in this respect especially andof God that fore, a must law and I obey you

if they could be taught to know of and if we expect to receive the blessings I replied, "Brother, you are partly appreciate the great spiritual blessings that God has in store for those who right and partly wrong. Certainly

which would be received as a result of love him and keep his commandments. your neighbor would put you in jail

rendering obedience to this law, they I would like to relate a little experiif you robbed him. He should put

their tithes offerings to andwould pay jail, in out but got you when you ago. ence that I had about a year A

full. in inthe Lord suggested I have neighbor of jail, your have would no office into to be young came man my

I leadershippriesthood meetings as influence or claim you. on more You a seventy. ordained interviewed to be

have traveled throughout the Church I asked him if he would like to be a would have paid your debt. But

that the leaders of the stakes, presiseventy. His face lighted up with God also is checking up on us, and

dents of quorums, bishops, and stake joy; and he said, "Yes, Brother we are working with him for eternal

presidencies endeavor to teach the Hunter, for a long time I have wanted life. He declares that eternal life is

people the law of tithing. to become a seventy. I have never the greatest gift he has in store for

Yet I also recognize the fact that been recommended before, but I do man, and it is reserved for those that there are certain ones in the Church hope that I am now worthy. I do love him and keep his commandments.

who would argue against that law. hope that you ordain me a seventy To receive eternal life in the presence

They might say, "But, Brother Hunter, today."of God would be worth more than all

you quoted Malachi, and he lived four After I got this gush of enthusiasm the money in the world."And I conhundred years before the Savior lived. from him, I asked him a question rather tinued by saying: "Now it is my opinHe was a Hebrew prophet and was pointblank. I said, "Would you steal ion and feeling that if you or I or any

talking to the Jews. Would his teach- $150.00 from your neighbor?"A look other Latterday Saint feels that he

ings apply to us?"of indignation came over his face. If must rob somebody, I think probably

I would answer, "Yes, I know that it would be far better to rob our he was a Hebrew prophet. He was neighbor than to rob God."

talking to the yet his teachJews, and ings definitely to apply would us. BEAUTY thoughtHe replied,of it that"Well,way before."I've never

giving the he us wasWhy? Sytha Johnson By I asked, then And "What are youwill of absolute and mind BecauseGod—the

the future?"to do in the of Father Eternalwords God in a lonely land going beauty T have met

which he had been commanded to tithepayer,"to going be a full "I am pinnacle and mesa lift their Whereteach. positive the quickly and came heads

Now why can I be so definite on In silver dusk, on shores where seaweed fied answer. unqualithat point? that of event Because an spreads,

I that that delighted he took was after resurrectiontook the place large, strong machinery, wings, a of In moth he attitude understood because nowthe Savior. resurrected apLord The hand. tithing the of about had law more and this the here topeared on Nephites I beating surge the in music found have it in to determination a reached obeycontinent. the taught them same He string, cello's the sea, restless golden Of future. the

that to thegospel plan given he had spring; the in outburst robin's muted A of told in mortality. prophets are the ocby one while GodJews On We rails, lonely of voice November's Clipped is the the earth that Lord's the and to said them,casion he

dirge.

I thereof; fulness that are and you

left After people a great Jerusalem you landlords, stewards, so merely merely is faint all beauty a remembered But the ofprophet and came Jews among God all is rent speak. of onetenth to Our

I fire dedicate, the beside to teach Father ash the Dark him commandedmy earn. that Yesterday, very in a we things, since certainpeople you and inarticulate, other music And beautiful Brother way, spoke McConkie that prophethaven't of record a what restraint. swelling past symphonies now To of with of covenant a one God. Every I instructionstaught, received from have

I is new: sweet hear and music now The into has a with entered us covenant tell tothe Malachi Father what you

taught. (See III Nephi 24:1.) Beauty but shows herself to me in you. {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1950 979 Milton R. Hunter continued

God to the effect that we will pay onement of the temporal advancement of the Uke tenth of all that we earn to the Lord. kingdom of God. He contributes nothing,

When we entered the waters of bapeither, towards spreading the gospel to tism and became members of the the nations, and he neglects to do that entitle which would to receive him the WORK Church of Christ of Jesus Latterday blessings ordinances and of the gospel.

all accepted princiof the Saints, we (Ibid., p. 283.)

ples of the gospel, including the principles of tithing. Could the Lord have established or AMONG THE

The Lord has given us the law of could he now establish another way to tithing in order that he might test our take care of the economic needs of the

I honesty. Church? positive that portion use any he could. am we When LAMANITES onetenth, say, of God's could are "President robbing AlHe George we

him. bert Smith, in yonder hill or mountain

The Lord has given us the law of there is a great deal of gold. Have must not

tithing in order that he might test our the brethren of the Church mine that the to build Use church money for love him. has that gold. declared He in be postponed, nouses, to missionaries send out love will if we keep his comhim we

mandments; therefore, to the extent the mission fields, to take care of all

that we pay a full tithing, to that exthe other needs of the Church. The

tent we have given tangible evidence Latterday Saints have been faithful in if we desire to that we do love the Lord our God. the past in paying many conributions,

rest. so from they can on now They has The Lord given us the of law

don't to have pay to retain the any more money'tithing test to our obedience. The the Church."if purpose is to see will be faithful we

if Certainly he could in do that all things that us. commandeth God he approua\i won't. to, but he too He is Furthermore, the Lord has given us wanted the law of tithing to test our preparedwise a God to do that. He recog- w

nizes spiritual the great blessings to ness enter the kingdom of God, to tithing. which from paying come They Of CjOi enter exaltation.

the blessings. far outweigh economic prophets of The have taught God

that recognizes a man's JOHN 7a\LO;< "where things the I have been here He mentioning

this morning. I would like to quote treasure is, there his heart will be

from the teachings of one of the great also."He recognizes the fact that if

prophets in our day, the Prophet we contribute much money to help

Joseph F. Smith. He said in regard to build a church house, we might come

tithing, this: to church to get our money's worth.

He recognizes the fact that if we give

By this principle (tithing) the loyalty donation after donation to the Church of the people of the Church shall be put for various purposes, our contributions to the test. By this principle it shall be tie us into the Church. As a matter of

is for known the who of kingdom God it. fact, of part belong own we We

is it! and against this who principle By It it there. spiritually us develops to pay shall be seen hearts whose set are doing on tithes, welfare, to to fast on pay pay will the of his and keeping God commandofferings, to into and pay the pay ments; thereby sanctifying the of land

Zion unto God, and who are opposed to Church.

this principle cut and have off themselves sisters, Brethren blessing, and it is a from the blessings is of Zion. There in opportunity lives your a an and in my SPENCER W. KIMBALL great deal of importance connected with

life the privilege to have of paying this principle, it for by ye shall know whether we are faithful or unfaithful. In into the Church. It helps us to get

this respect, it is just as essential as faith rid of the selfishness in our hearts. It 8,

in God, as repentance of sin, as baptism makes us love each other more. It

for the remission of sin, as the laying on makes us love God more. In fact, it vw. Spencer of y\unbati for gift the hands of the Ghost. Holy us godly. In makes other more words,

recall, [As the you Savior said that "exis tithing spiritual a OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE which law God cept these, have a man he cannot see the for given has us the of prepurpose if of kingdom God."] For a keep man paring us to into his presback come all it the save law be point, one he and

offend in that, he is a transgressor of the ence and receive eternal life. Therefore, brothers and sisters, I should

his law, course course. and is a wise entitled he is not Every to the fulness like to express here great my

blessings of the of it. MY the gospel wise Latterday of Saint Jesus will accept love for admiration and PresiChrist. But all a when keeps the man of one afford us can Not F. Richards George with was who

is that law revealed, according his to tithepayers nor nontithepayers. last us in our conference but since has to be partWe dent strength, his substance, his ability and the blessings of need the Lord. I passed away. have Of all the men though he little, it what is does be may

just as acceptable in the sight of God as I humbly ask our Father in heaven known in my life, none has risen to if he were able to do a thousand times to let his Spirit rest down upon you and greater heights, in my opinion, than more. (Joseph F. Smith, Gospel Doctrine, me and upon every member of the Elder George F. Richards in saintlipp. 282283.) Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday ness, in vision, in understanding, and

Saints, whether he be a full tithepayer in love, humility, and power.

President Smith also made this stateor not; may the full tithepayers remain I was glad that President Beckstead

ment: full tithepayers; may the parttithe- mentioned in his prayer the Lamanite

this payers accept principle program. I thought, of as the prayhe was

is tithing of The law test a which by ing, gospel their of repent and if negliglorious past "Wouldn't it be two the people as individuals shall be proved.

gence. all doing so might hundred thousand preSaint Latterday By we fails toAny this man observe princiwho

ple shall be known as a man who is indifpare ourselves to come back into the families every morn before their breakferent to the welfare of Zion, who neglects presence of God and receive exaltafast, in their family prayers, were his duty as,a member of the Church, and tion. And for this I pray, in the name asking that the work of the Lord

who does nothing towards the accomplishof Jesus Christ. Amen. among the Lamanites might be fur980 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

thered; and if those same two hundred all brought to bow, so that the purBrigham Young seemed to catch the,

thousand families might also be on poses of the Almighty would be fulvision of it. He said that the Lord

their knees before they retired that filled. could not have devised a better plan

order in are us things, again, put tonight to other where ask we among

I like should to quote parathan to you a of thing eduthat verythat blessings to accomplish the of the might be Lord graph from stated Wilford Woodruff, the Lamanites. teaching cating Our great to this people?"andbrought in 1873: him by across miles ancestors thousand a came has a devised very comLord The

prehensive plan, and I have a firm I am looking for the fulfilment of all the the desert, under terrific persecutions conviction that the blueprint that he things that the Lord has spoken. and hardships, to locate where the

worked out many millennia ago will Gentiles had scattered the Lamanites.

be followed, and the structure will For long centuries the Lord has said They had pretty well "reservationed"be built in accordance therewith. how this chosen people would fall them here in the western states. They

The Prophet Joseph Smith dedicated into transgression and how some cenwere in our every county, and the the Kirtland Temple in 1836. His turies after Christ they would be so Lord brought us out here that we

prayer, which he stated later was a deep in sin they would lose the faith, might teach them the gospel.

revelation from the Lord, covered and that certain ones of them would Brothers and sisters, that work has many matters, and in it he made this be destroyed. Now, Brother Woodcontinued with some interruptions

statement: ruff says he knows that these things through the century. Now the Lord

will all be fulfilled, has made another step. It seems to

that the of cause remnants Jacob, And is bringing the back Lamanites he me cursed because smitten been have andwho... will to they and as the pass come us. sent reservato onto were They transgression, theirof from be converted lives. is to rise Zion Lord bound and all west, the tions the over and nowtheir wild to condition the savage and flourish. will Lamanites The blossom as will largest, the Reservation, Navajofulness the everlasting of gospel. (D. C. & I in the rose the mountains. willing am its people. not support Navajos The109:65.) I this, that to here believe although say

when I see the power of the nation deare being starved out. They are comOur Father began to speak through stroying them from the face of the earth, ing back among us into the beet and

the mouths of prophets long centuries the fulfilment of that prophecy is perhaps cotton fields, on the railroads, and in ago, outlining in prophetic words the harder for me to believe than any other the mines to find employment. They

history of those many centuries which revelation of God that I have ever read. are coming back into the stakes of

were to follow. I'm sure that he inZion where we have stake missions

spired a little boy, Christopher ColumBrother Woodruff lived in the day and where we have thousands of good bus, to stand on the quays in Genoa, when the Lamanites were being deLatter-day Saints who live the gospel,

Italy, and yearn for the sea. He was stroyed. They were the "Vanishing and thousands of devoted stake misfilled with the desire to sail the seas, Americans"at that time, and they were sionaries who will teach them the

and he fulfilled a great prophecy made being persecuted and driven and killed truth. Here is our great opportunity.

long, long ago, that this land, chosen and reservationed about that time of The Lord seems to have planned above all other lands, should be disthe nation's history. He continued: everything for our sake. If we fail our

covered. And so when he was mature, opportunity, I am sure the Lord will

opportunity was granted to him to It looks as though there would not be not easily forgive us.

left to receive enough the gospel; but find seas, tobrave the unknown that will be interested to know You this this notwithstanding picture, dark every off cut from had beenland which there are forty thousand Lamansome that of has said ever word them God

the rest of the world long centuries, will have its fulfilment, and they, by and ite members of the Church in the and to open the door, as it were, to by, will receive the gospel. It will be a world, including the islands of the sea.

the teaching of these people and bringday of God's power among them and a There are probably ten thousand Laing them back to their Heavenly nation will be born in a day. The chiefs manite members in North America in

filled will the be of with powerFather. God and the Indian the missions and Mexican

will the receive gospel, will they and mission. are firm conviction that the a 902 Lamanite There I have the build Jerusalem, go forth and and New

in Pilgrims misled the Englishspeaking the Puritans and theLord members shall help them. are branches They we

across the ocean, perhaps permitted of the House of Israel and when the fulsions in the Eastern, Northern, Centhe persecutions that would bring them ness of the Gentiles has come in and the tral States, and other North American here, so that when they came to the work ceases among them, then it will go missions. And this work has gone

American shores with their righteous in power to the seed of Abraham. forward splendidly under some of our

blood and their high ideals and standmission presidents. We have baptized

ards, they would form the basis of a We are given to understand that 1823 Lamanites in the last twoand-a- nation which would make possible the the work commenced when the book half years in the three missions that restoration of the gospel. I am sure came forth, for in Ether, fourth chapspecialize in Lamanite proselyting in

that since there was not religious libter, we read: North America. We have baptized

erty, not political liberty here, the 480 Indians down in the little Indian

Lord permitted these few poorlyarmed Therefore, when ye shall receive this mission, with a token number of misand illclad men at Valley Forge and record ye may know that the work of sionaries. About an equal number have

elsewhere to defeat a great army with the Father has commenced upon all the been blessed, children under eight its trained soldiery and its many merface of the land. (Ether 4:17.) years of age who belong to families

cenaries, a few against the many, but of friends and investigators and memthe few had on their side the Lord The Prophet Joseph Smith gave us bers, so that we now have more than

God of heaven, that gave them victory. the thought that the Lord brought us twelve hundred members there in our

And there came political liberty and out here from the East to bring the short period of missionary work. We

religious liberty with it, all in preparagospel to the Lamanites. One of the have approximately seventeen hundred

tion for the day when a young boy most important things that can possibly Indian members in the stakes of Zion.

would come forth and would seek and happen in this Dispensation of the We have baptized 347 in the sixtymake contact with the Lord and open Fulness of Times is to bring to the five stakes which have reported so far, the doors of heaven again. Following Lamanites a knowledge of God. He in this period, since the work was inthat great manifestation to Joseph says: augurated.

of the openingSmith Cumorah came In in the missions the States United

.,,. of of tens there thousands will beHill of from the speaking the dead and Canada, and baptized have 248 we

in the will Saints gather Latterrday who dust.the in this Indians period. will short You will there Mountains, they open and Rocky

I this all for that interested a sure that to are bapwas be know am we the for gospel establishing the door among wellplanned purpose. The Lord knew the Lamanites, who will receive the Gostizing more Indians for each missionary

exactly what he was doing, and though pel and their endowments and the blessthan the Church is baptizing in the rest evil forces were at play, they were ings of God. {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1950 981 baptized, and now we must instruct them

Spencer W. Kimball continued further and organize them into churches

with proper presidencies, attach them to of the world. There were three and The Isletas are one of the Pueblo our stakes, organizations, etc., in one word,

threetenths baptisms for each missiongroups down in New Mexico. treat them exactly in these respects as we

ary in the Indian mission in 1949, comwould and do treat our white brethren.

pared to about twothirds that many I view my visit among the Nephites one life, interesting of of missions the most my this into pracput Brigham Young in other missions Northfor Amer-

I short. because Nephites, although say the tice, the gospel proclaiming the to fifty ofica. baptisms about have theWe continent, this there Nephites are any on sent missionaries and he Lamanites, theIndian have from youth come who the the Zunis, found them have among ifwe

in the ValCarson Salmon, over on up living in the arereservation and who Isletas, for the are they a and Lagunas, homes of Latterday Saints on a daughdifferent race of people, altogether, from ley, over into Moab, down on the termother and sonfather basis. Here the Lamanites. I class the Navajo, Moquis Santa Clara, up around Blackfoot, and

the Indian boy or girl becomes an un- ( Hopis ), and Apaches with the Lamanites, elsewhere. He also sent a mission out

official member of the family, and is although they are in advance of many to the Indian territory. We made five

the I class of America. Indian tribes in that to establish Zunis, attempts the work nor a guest,neither a servant where

Isletas the Nephites. and among missionaries area. There were twelve are taking care offoster parents them Lagunas,

missionaries in 1855. were went The giving education are them andand

that as to say, goes then he on And all of these almost from withdrawn into thetraining, they soon come and this particular as dismissed they soon to places Johnston's came when Army their request. at haveChurch own We Isletas, the were meeting and among in the ceased so Utah. many work And missionaries fiftyone Lamaniteabout

the leave, Nephites to of going one persecution, death places. Malaria, and field will thein they mission and now,

be increasing very rapidly, I am sure. arose, hampered the work, and by 1860 the

territory mission Indian had work girl fullblooded a have NavajoWe... full spirit the of of the and Lord missionaries said, lapsed. few There were field into the mission goes Monwho dismiss us leave "Friends, and you do why

civil on, the send, to and was war first that nation. morning, the fromday first is the this time have us This we way?

difficult, conditions and were at home in the mission Indian have a Pima gospel forefathers the of heard our andWe field now, and we have a Catawba and the things we have looked for from we had just begun to get established

Indian coming from the East who goes the traditions of our fathers. If our wives here in the West. A period of seveninto the mission home soon, en route and children are weary, let them go home. teen years elapsed, and those converts

to one of the other missions in the We want to hear more. We want you to and investigators were lost, of course,

Church. Brother (E. Wesley) Smith talk all night. Do not leave us so."with no one to teach them. In 1877

to of missionaries went another grouptold us there ten yesterday Lawere "It said: Brother Brigham Young territory. six Indian After months the missionariesmanite from Hawaii who

is these feed teach to and duty our malaria returned. too they was I The in believe. Orient, the overwere lines quote few Indians."Let a me later year for Elder them. much like to give A I should a you few to "educate us advised him. from He sent with Teasdale some George was earlyquotations the of from some so gospel"the teach them them and bemissionaries, the other work and thisbrethren. said that Smith Joseph pass not that generations would many in again, returned also but they gan essential, extremely hework was and and white a ere should they become malaria six months. about was Thesent Oliver Peter Cowdery, Whitmer, people. delightsome severe. most P. Pratt,Parley and Peterson Ziba out

later fourth years attempt a It Two asas early 1830. October wasn't their fathers is the land they This and to establish the work, and made was after long the platesvery had their called over, own. come have walked And

again. missionaries sent were Though of Hill the In sectionout Cumorah. it call to just right as they have good

thirtytwo of the Doctrine and Covetheirs today as any children have to call the malaria was severe, they remained, nants, the Lord Jesus Christ says of any land their own. They have buried and the mission went on to the present

those Lamanite missionaries: their fathers and mothers and children here. time; but other changes that were severe

This is their home, and we have taken came upon the Indian work. Texas,

the land where occupy and. other states I, Missouri, Kansas, and will myself,.. and them, with go and possession

is the gone, to hunt. they used game Now. in their tobe Indian midst; shall the Territory nothing added and were

.. left starve. has to Lord are they The andprevail against them.. (D.. it C. 32:3.) & the Mission, Central and became

the ability to cultivate the ground us given the Mission, States emphasis and was harvests. bountiful have an reap and We then the Prophet And Smith Joseph transferred Indians the gradually from for for ourselves of and food abundancesaid, I in nonIndians. the to.. was When their living are the stranger. on We

in that mission 1914, no mention their at homes. was possessions and

... there (in the and Mountains) Rocky all of the Indians, ever made work (thethey Latterday Saints) will the open like to from quote again I should the whites. being done among About for thedoor establishing the gospel among

said: Taylor. President President Francis years John ago He twothe will Lamanites receive the goswho

pel and their endowments and the blessings Brown of that mission sent missionaries of God. The work among the Lamanites must again to work among the Indians in

not be postponed if we desire to retain Oklahoma, and the work is again going far approval Thus of God. we have forward. And Brother John Taylor said: the

to baptize content simply them and been that to give It is time began now we let conagain, this must but wild them run great of to this effort, emphasis the proper work tinue the longer; devoted same nonot..be. thepostponedwork amongif we thedesireLamanitesto retainmustthe organizathe in instructing, care the bringing same to same Lamanites a knowledge

approval of God. tion and priesthood must be introduced and of their God. It is our responsibility

in as the of amongst Lehi maintained House brothers opportunity. our and Now, Oliver in that early even Cowdery, Israel Gentile nafrom gathered those of sisters, in missions the stakes and andday, all, in had the far found the doing tions. Navajos has been yet As God will to the chance have teach you a has it nothing. comparativelySouthwest, reported he the and and He to we

Indian. to prayers ascend Let your us, to been of have they led them and itbrethren, many feeling that a very was the in behalf of then and them Lord thing.important Wilford Then Woodbring to higher to utmost them your doruff this said further, as he went down

all, to standards, give and above theminto the in southwest, Mexico, New the of the gospel the and kingdom visitedand the Indians there. among

that I of friends as had. once to to they knowledge God, say want my said:He

If all the bless the can in believe Lamanite Lord good. you May we

In my short communication of the second find a truth in heaven, earth, or people, and bless us that we may reinst., I promised to give a fuller account hell, it belongs to our doctrine. alize our responsibilities toward them.

of my visit to the Isletas which I will now We believe it; it is ours; we This I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

endeavor to do. claim it.—Brigham Young. Amen.

982 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ukird Oesswn, SATURDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 30, 10:00 A.M.

feited its moral leadership. In conare floundering sequence, about men Why

confusion, not they knowing what to inOnea church?often hearsI shouldthe question:like briefly

that wellassured the to do, but ought it. I shall to sughope consider—WHY of irreligion unbelief fair promises and is the that questiongest to your minds

sufficiency them, and have failed human asking: totantamount Why religion? A CHURCH? they are casting about and for anchorfifty-four years hundred It was one

ago this very month, his second term age. That is the sorry plight of man

of office as President of the United in this age.

States drawing to a close, that George Men of distinction in the world of

Washington announced to the country letters, scientists, men of wide learnhis determination to retire, and reing in almost every realm of scholarly quested that he be not considered research are asserting with great earavailable for reelection to the office nestness that the only thing that can he was about to lay down. He made save our civilization is a revival of

it the occasion for a farewell message religious faith. In one of his notable

which partook almost of the nature of addresses, Robert Gordon Sproul, a last testament, bequeathing to his president of the University of Calicountrymen the fruitage of his rich and fornia, said:

experiences.varied

As a participant in the long and forceThereto israllya greatthe recuperativeneed for somepowersdirectiveof oftentimes acrimonious disputes which ALBERT E. BOWEN mankind and win the race with catastrophe.

eventuated in the political severance Education cannot provide such a force, of the American colonies from the important as it is, because it is not the mother country, as Commanderin- minds, but the souls of men that must be poorlydisci- the untrained,Chief of owevi regeneratedcome.... Ourif catastropheAmerican isheritagenot surelycannotto illequipped, scantilyclad,plined, un- B,J -JtLii. Be

derprovisioned, and ofttimes unpaid OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE longreligiousendurefaith. without a firmlygroundedContinental Army, as witness to the

jealousiesbickerings petty and and yesterday, before General Only day morality national to can prethat expect so the following which, war,greeds that said military force alone Marshall principle. in of religious vail exclusion inthe the ofthreatened wreckage cannot the of defeat the enemies 17, (Sept. 1796.) thatfant nation he often wondered It States. buttressed United must be

conflict the the winning ofwhether the force. weight of moral by Washington doubt, when Without

Britain blessto provewith would be a of utterances are but typical These in the religion, mind he had about spoke of curse, president as aing or that the being are warnings repeatedly that large religion. and the Christian By

convention which fashioned the Conis the only religion Western man sounded by thoughtful people who are stitution of the of States United Amerstate the I about of concerned shall I and in men speak, what knows. When its firstica as president, he had and is this in world. modern the Thus religion church, women or today, about say

its alat best natureseen and human the of reminder Washington's wisdom reChristian in the I shall mind have its stresses worst.most and Under religion that inare morality and Christian church, which ligion the and

sacrificestrains, suffering, he and had political dispensable prosto supports religious the moral and encompasses rise heights to nobleseen of men perity that morality cannot be and well as of the Testament teachings Old devotion.patriotic Likewise, he had religion maintained without vindicated the as New. usurpseen abuse power, them and in the of logic compelling events by ups and has church had many The bicker, resort toquarrel and petty this disordered topsyturvy world. well One as since Washington's day downs for exhibit advantage,scheming mean indictof the frequently most urged It of periods before. has had as

little the stoop, greeds, spur under and the against of Soviet system ments of quesperiods as as well strength selfishof ambition, deeds. to ignoble Politdirected as the government by and Agnostics doubts. tionings and

Drawing upon this ripe knowledge atheists have ever been with it. It bureau is that it seeks to destroy all

of human behavior with all its foibles has taught that man, the individual as religion and forbids freedom of reliand inconstancy, he so packed into well as the race, is of very great congious practices to its people.

that testamentary legacy perennial wissequence. As a child of God enIf, then, it can be conceded, as is

dom that it never grows old, but is dowed with divine attributes, he is so vigorously asserted, that a sound valid for all peoples and all times. capable of infinite advancement in the religious faith is essential to the saving

Among the nuggets of pure gold scale of being, even to ultimate perfecof our blighted and withering civilizatucked away in that admonitory adtion. He must have faith in himself tion, the question demanding concrete

dress are Washington's observations and his high destiny. Thus far, the and immediate answer is: How is a

about religion and morality. Here is Christian is a humanist, and the church religious faith equal to this supreme

what he said: is humanistic. But when man loses his task to be regenerated? I do not assert

humility and arrogates to himself a or mean to say that the average run of

Of all the dispositions and habits which selfsufficiency which denies God or our people is irreligious or antiChris- to politicallead religion prosperity, and morality of Christian standards himself, tian. than higher power any other

aremorality indispensable supports. In their long too bones bred in been have part the company must church that claim thevain tribute of then would man Christ of for that. teachings The creed or humanistic comprothe withpatriotism to labor should subvert who

these great pillars of human happiness mise its principles. still furnish the best standards by

these firmest props of the duties of men Under the impact of agnosticism, which to measure values that the world and citizens. The mere politician, equally atheism, and the extreme humanism knows, and the people of this land,

with the pious man, ought to respect and which denies God and makes man the out of long habit, instinctively turn to cherish them. A volume could not trace source of all meaning, the Christian them. At least we pay lip service to

all their private connections with puband its clearly not that is enough them. But has compromised church as a body

lic felicity. let with caution us. And essenits fervor crusading the to furnish teachings to doctrines make that theindulge. supposition. morality can basic of Christhe the to rousing people the of tial current with harmonious more religion.be maintained without Whatever

may be conceded to the influence of repopular opinion. And where has it tian nations to that mighty endeavor.

fined education on minds of peculiar strucgot itself? It has lost its saving faith, It is not a matter for individual, unture, reason and experience both forbid us weakened its influence, and almost forconfirmed on following page)

DECEMBER 1950 983 years given up the simple faith of

Albert E. Bowen continued their youth, had ceased to give credence to the beliefs which had suscoordinated confession of faith. It and ultimate disintegration. If no tained them, had given up their Bible

requires action, unified action. That political body in the world has ever reading and their churchgoing and

means an organized agency or instrubeen able to exist without orderly cotheir Sabbath observance and their mentality to give the movement diordinated authoritative organization, prayers. They could live the good

rection and solid purpose. The only how can it be presumed that religion life without these "artificial props."

such organization at hand is the church. can carry on its high commission to They didn't need the church. They

That is its office. But there are too resuscitate a sagging world without said they had their own religion, but

many people who profess religion and the church which is the organizational really it had shriveled up to a mere would probably be insulted if charged instrumentality through which it carcode of ethics now cut loose from its with being irreligious or nonChristian, ries out its great work? Here is rearoots and no longer nourished from

who at the same time refuse to unite son enough for a church. the parent stem. Then with an inwith their fellows in the effective pracThere is one other vital consideracredible lack of recognition of the retice of religion. They tell us that they tion, namely, the effect on family life lation of cause and effect, she professed

do not believe in organizational reliand succeeding generations of the negamazement at the moral bankruptcy of gion. lect of participation in organized her friend's children. The truth was

of neglect the children these that by practices. ago years few church A amiable, not has heard good Who off the from cut their parents had been of the this pulpit story I recited from religion say: and "I havemen own my influences upon characterforming very perplexities. She disturbed woman's a not up to be bolstereddo by need

her character, and her own friend of her which a visited just dear had affiliation live life?"tochurch a good

of the character character, friend's and wellthen a college had by days who it still if so, that be wereEven may for fortheir generation depended had son. a She was daughter and grown their bolstering thethat others need up

superior strength would afford, and both embarrassed and shocked by the mation and growth.

after all, they owe some obligation to behavior of these children. The boy While the instance I have cited may

those who need their help. But apart came and went as he pleased, and no in some aspects be extreme, it neverfrom that, if this sinking, troubletorn questions asked or answered. The theless illustrates a result naturally to

worldorder is to be saved through a mother's admonitions and protests be expected. The moral foundations

resurgence of religious ferver, then it against the indelicate indiscretions of established through active participais encumbent on every believer to the daughter in her behavior with tion in the activities of the church may jeers with but generation, were met for one through young men at the carry his might. hear in withthrow We sophistilack of that. and prudery mother's scarcely go beyond When parisolation- these about daysmuch said

ism and isolationists. The least excation. The last night of her visit, she ents detach themselves from active

cusable form of isolationism and the was awakened by a disturbance in the church affiliations and leave their chilmost reprehensible of isolationists is house. The girl had come home from dren free to neglect it too, they have

that one who holds himself aloof and a late party thoroughly intoxicated and no right to be surprised when their refuses to lend his strength with fellowwas leading her escort in like condition children fall below their own standbelievers to the supreme job of saving to her room when they were interards. Religion is a powerful stabilizer-,

civilization and the world. cepted by the aroused parents. A and the church is the medium through

the before it is effective. was ensued noisy scene boy which made is a gostaught gospel Jesus by The girl put off the finally and sent home I of mentioned but merely some have in It consist not action.pel of does visitor the embarrassed bed. to So there a church the be reasons must why faith. of profession passivea Of clear do her to and head went home if is the in religion to force a world be tohimself, said that he do came Jesus the thinking. remembered She some influence or wield power. any or Many will, or to talk about notthe Father's

in she which was environment home will to you. cogent reasons occur other it. parable aprofess about made He reared.

is a but his church, dry sayingsthe however, heard and The man who in that strong religious note was The foolish energized unless barren likening not, to adid mechanism him and them beBible read and was home. The religion. faith vital the of the his built burning a house upon byman who their in. family the Daily lieved on it life.. is that gives rains the sparksand, the descended That and when revered to talked knees was who God floods the the winds andand came It of to the part be seem would reality. churchwere a They and was it fell that house, beatblew and upon all that professing the same wisdom set apart day people one going and

it built the sand. uponbecause was rich the creed, the the poor, mighty and to as do a holy which on a day week his sayings and heardThat man who the the laborer the and humble, and life. of to the Author They reverence to wise likened adid he man them who the unlearned professional man, and carried majestic which sang hymns

itbuilt rock, his the house and upon rally together scholar should the and souls. their to expanding messages rain flood fury of the andwithstood in united strength exert a with power direct simple, words the heard They tempest.and land. the somegrandeur the of gospels whose

church was not The Christian merit the name, religion must their into hearts To and carried over estabhow separatedlished by isolationists who solid conviction. rest on It must stand living. for ideals their furnished These

themselves from each other or the ideals, through practice, were silently for something. It cannot temporize or

body of believers. They were formed woven into the pattern of their lives, compromise. The Christian church

into worshiping bodies who collecand they came out with established rests on the premise that Jesus is the tively fought their way to victory characters and stable guides to conSon of God, the resurrected Lord, the against dire persecutions, torture, and duct which made them secure against author of eternal life for man. So long

death. They constituted themselves the waves of laxity which washed as it stood unyielding on that base, it

a great brotherhood cemented together about them with the passage of time. was a force in the world. When the

for the fulfilment of a purpose in which Her home and family experience guardians of the faith, in their several they believed. Let him who in placid were typical of those of the youth denominations, waivered and watered

aloofness luxuriates in the freedom and of her time, including the friend she the doctrines down till the virtue was comfort and security and ease which had just visited. That friend, along gone out of them, they ceased to be

Christianity has brought to the nations, with herself, in the days of their the prop and support to morality and contemplate what his status might girlhood association had spontaneously political prosperity which Washington have been if there had been no Chrisas a matter of habit and acceptance said was indispensable. So long as

tian church. observed the conventions and propriethat is the case, the world will totter

Organization is but another name for ties. and reel. We seem to be trying now

order, and stability. Its opposite is She explained that she and her friend to rear a government whose propoturmoil and confusion and weakness and their associates had in their college nents and sponsors cannot even invoke

984 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA divine blessing upon their deliberations an intelligent and jealously guarded use gether as a solid phalanx to weed out or its destiny. What chance do you of the franchise. That is the citizen's prostitution of power and debauchery

think it has to heal the wounds of the protection against abuse and usurpaand subversion of the Godordained world? tion. freedom guaranteed by the glorious

If religion is a necessary prop to the So far as Latterday Saints are conConstitution of this land, by voting political government, so likewise does cerned, I pray that as President Smith into office without regard to party the religious body, the Church, need admonished at the beginning of this affiliation those who will preserve it for the protection of its guaranteed conference, they may have the wisdom unpolluted and uncorrupted, the profreedom a righteously administered and honesty to put their religion above tector and guarantor of individual civil government, which depends upon their partisan politics and unite to liberty.

BLESSING PRAYER A

ania a 5. Jfi.daaciovi PRIVILEGE i5u"i Jkome

OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC hear Apostle Stephen L Richards and also to see and feel the example that he is,

AM very glad I made it this far. At the spirit which he radiates. I sometimes

the opening session of the conferTHORPE B. ISAACSON am afraid these Apostles of God which

live in midst our apprecinot today be this may said was Smith President ence I are. for ated really they what people is Many it certainly picture, and beautifula 1 nearly 863, year ago. hundred a years realize that these not truly are do men I like to sight, but would magnificenta inspired brethren the build to Lord in The Apostles of the the sense of same God at looking brethren of you somehave it first this Peter, that for word house, James, and and used were a was John

it now. Apostles Father. of great our God, This this general in as conference the such

sisters, you brothers and dear the Apostle inspired of My stood was Lord who it 1867, year dedicated as and a was you and audience, who radio the in this frontof of told us us and about day of the house Lord.

tele- I the on of in things conference the our Father heaven, following andare I I Spiritually strengthened as am shall forget never said that thing privilege one he for I the gratefulvision, am nreat these attend the of conferences us: to things of are understood "The men this in this conference attendingof to Church. revealed the Lord The spirit the the of things of men, and by God the servto dedicated whichhouse was that brethren should conferences be spirit understood are of the God."by I alNevertheless, the Lord.ice of held, general both conference stake and

I here, stand as tremble fear andways I, too, spiritconference, that that bear so could testimony and be know we

I if might grateful I will very beand is of ually these every truly strengthened instructed in Apostles one and faith and in interest your anhave duties. of our Apostle Eternal an God, Father. our

I the I need becauseprayers, know I is It all in to to to humility here very testimony be bear want worship good

I conalways. him needLord I now—I that that together. Father, his Eternal inspires the our God, Lord know We the Lord. I waited upon thatfess have

I are for leaders. other here times purpose. no seen dehave Many We I limitations. I have I believe know my selfish interests. I cisions that for have the no here made come moment We to I be humwanted haveprayed, and to I in for could the not thank heaven Father our nor understand could comis I soul bowed. believeble, and my it that prehend, as enjoy people. yes, days, a but only was we at tribute like I, to pay too, would I faith, until unite hours, here that only the and our decome knew blessingsWe F. RichPresident Georgethis to time all cisions that unite of us together can and truly had been when made were Father grateful I to veryards. my am faith Spirit decisions inspired our the the humbly, then of of Father our of privilege I the thatin had heaven is in the in rich here heaven. abundance. Lord

this loved intimately. him Heknowing It is I I to for toprivilege here grateful the be pray and good have am the this and Church; lovedpeople. He living this gether, in of say and to the age when and "Amen"we day when conferences him. These lovedpeople I these prayers, restored. grateful gospel tohas been prayed have we am soul, his to and great comfort awere little gether, the his for in prayers grandfather old have so and been a who beautiful us gave turn, in alwayshe, It is beautiful strengthening. faroff and in the gospel accepted youth good of truly one counsel. was wise Heand It I is sing to together. here be Spirit and that grateful the Denmark. good am

I particularly noblemen. amGod's to his here the be of into hear the and the of and Lord came word bosom

I at received that blessing forgrateful a it I that as true. told yesterday heard gratehave Lord him and was we am to I sincerely prayhis hands, and my that will ful that that today the and during hear courage he had and we

will never that in he heavenFather is It the spirit. of the listened conference. remainder to to that he had He blesschoice that forget topermit me to his here his the land, be taught parents, native and leave gosgood be and

ing. It is Christ. of sisters, pel his to brothers here again Jesus be never good and

ago, I days birthday a few a had spirit the of the of partake see oh, the to and but Lord, them; he loved how President of passing the aftera month is in this stated as Genesis: and the Lord, "Truly blessed and him Lord how the day on F. Richards, andGeorge is life. all house."his of the God's days

letter I a receivedof birthday my I instructed to here grateful the for come the of mission be As we am Rich- F. President Georgesigned by I I to the to near regrateful that Lord, and Prophet draw Joseph. he am am handwriting, his in writtenards, own I letter that of received that a minded scripture the of read passage because mailed kept and his had wifethat good other of from a lacked confused. mine day he nephew wisdom. was who He birthday. before theto day my me is in mission a Finland. that that scripture of over on read Brother passage He just the letter that day written hadHe just practise: there Richards to Stephen ought had been read and today L we

I treasure shall died. alwaysbefore he to these missionaries, spoken and and

it in letter, gives some hethat me and let If I of lack of ask wisdom, like him to any you quote from paragraph a would

I need. thatadvice all liberally, to that giveth and God, men this letter. in missionary's

This great tabernacle that we are upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.

meeting in now was commenced in the Last week it was a real privilege to (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1950 985 and fulfil their places in the Church as

Thorpe B. Isaacson Continued they have desired to do.

I did receive a ray of hope today

But let him ask in faith, nothing waverwho have been called away from their when I read that just yesterday the ing. (James 1:5-6.) loved ones; who have been called away United Nations commander directed

from their wives, their farms, their the Lord's prayer. Seldom has the

He believed in God, and he went into businesses, their schools; many of them Lord's prayer been uttered in such

the Sacred Grove, a natural place for wanted to go on missions. They'll not solemnity or in such grim surroundhim to go and kneel down and pray, have that privilege now, at least temings. Yesterday it was spoken in a

just back of his father's home. I don't porarily, but, oh, I hope that as a battered Korean capital, in the legissuppose we can ever imagine how he Church, that as a people, not only we lative halls where glass came tinkling

must have felt when God and his Son who have sons of our own, but that down from the wrecked dome at interappeared to him. He saw them; they all will unite our faith that the Lord vals, and where the galleries were

spoke to him; and as a result of that will bless these young men. They didn't guarded, where they kept close watch

great event, one of the great events bring this on themselves. They go bein all directions, and where the Korean

of the ages, it has been made possible cause it is their duty to their country. guards stood outside, draped in grefor you and me to be members of the They don't like war; they don't like nades. They themselves were walkChurch of God, our Eternal Father. hatred; and they don't like killing. But ing bombs. The leader of the Lord's

I am grateful for our parents and our they are called into the service of their prayer yesterday was General Douglas grandparents who had that faith, who country. Many of them have just been MacArthur. He stood behind the

did not have the learning of men, but married, some of them only married speaker's desk on the speaker's platoh, they had the faith of God. Their a couple of years, some of them only form, with light showing the gravity

testimony was indeed strong. Yes, if we a short time. They are entitled to live of his lean physique. Before him the

lack wisdom; let us ask of God. He and to love and to rear their families congregation at this place of thankshas promised us if we would seek after and build their homes. It would not giving consisted of brass hats in army

him, we would truly find him. I know matter so much if it were some of the uniforms; haggard, unshaven marines

that God hears and answers prayers. rest of us who have nearly lived our and soldiers; and many wearylooking

I can confess humbly, publicly, that I lives; but may our faith and prayers war correspondents and other people.

know I would not be able to do my go out to these young men. Pray for The war air was tainted with smoke

work if the Lord withheld from me his them diligently, for, as Brother Bowen and death; smashed and burning buildblessings in response to my petitions said this morning, "If this Church could ings stood along the streets; columns

and my prayers. God has said: "Pray unite our faith, if we can humble ourof reverse refugees were now trying

always, and I will pour out my blessselves and petition the Lord regularly to find home. Then Douglas Macings upon you."Yes, he has said, that these boys may be blessed, I'm Arthur came to that part of his adsure that God will look down in his dress where he was about to read the

Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, tender mercy upon them."May we Lord's prayer, and he hesitated for a

that there may be meat in mine house, and pray every day of our lives, pray hardvery long solemn moment, and then saith the herewith, of hisprove raised hands Lord and me that great now man er than have ever prayed before we if I "will of thehosts, not open you windows to quote everybody asked stood up and in his that will the stay mercy God blessing, that out aheaven, pour and you "In prayer, he stated, and Lord's the this leaders that of the of nations, hand shallthere to not receive be enough room of manifestation devout and humble conflict not a dreadful become mayit. (Malachi 3:10.) bringfor to gratitude Almighty God conflict that ruin could thousands and

to arms, our this victory decisive ing millions of innocent leave men, young promisesOther and other blessings join all rise and that present me I ask children and widows, go many many allwith of the Lord. the commandments prayer."There reciting the in Lord's fatherless.

Now as we attend these conferences, was the rumbling shuffle of many risoh, if we could rededicate our lives, May we write to those young men ing to their feet such as you might hear and put aside those things that matter diligently. May we promise them that in a great church. Off came the camoulittle. Sometimes I ponder over the we are praying for them with all the flaged helmets, the canvas hats, the

things that I have foolishly placed faith and prayer and testimony that navy caps, the snappy, blue airforce

It isn't muster. that can enough we little we that nothing. orvalue on mean repeated as they were bowed hats-—all just that to leave the these parents of act It truly the prayer. Lord's was the I like to are ask you, would "When will to Surely boys. write they them that gentlemanl Christian Oh, of a the the happiest?"happiest You'reyou

lives. their nearly of every They'll day spirit, confidence that that same same trying best to are serve your youwhen in are places of you. not need They be could Father, Eternal in our God, all all hearts,the with with your Lord in are worship. environment an They all are holding hearts of in the men who all strength. might, with your andyour

it, is that not good, and you know positions! responsible I like to ask would you wnenAnd

it; I that, so and when know know we the theyou're You're unhappy? most I that I testimony know bear you my it is that asking too exercise much we

fail tomost do unhappy you when I spirit that lives. the that know God in faith their beprayers our our and

things the that has comthose Lord is understandable. of the Ghost Holy half that that they can back, come

true to do. Happiness,manded you I it is clear. that that we know I know living privilege of the yet they can have

serving fromhappiness, comes the Lord if it try will only and hear can we their raising families as and and loving just as best can, tryingevery day you it in it us. to speaks to listen as And the sure intended? Oh, Lord I am God than harder today a little you I like favorto give closing, would my the pleased not be with did must world

yesterday. conditions of today. ite little quotation:

It is marvelous these returned young men

Saints. the Latterday three four or years Oh, the joy and comfort that comes from to be associatedWe love withyou fromManythe ofservice

as we come to you in your wards and ago. They didn't ever expect to be feeling safe with a group like you, having

your stakes. You're a great inspiracalled back to the armed services neither to weigh my thoughts nor measure

tion to us. Sometimes we try to enagain. Some of them signed up as remy words, but pouring them out from my

courage you, but, oh, the comfort you serve officers, but they did not expect heart, just as I have today, chaff and grain bring to us from your faith and your to be called back into bloody conflict together, feeling certain that some kind prayers and your encouragement to us. in just four or five years. Many parents friend here will accept what's worth keepNow I would like to say just one have already received that sad letter ing and with a breath of kindness, blow

word about the servicemen. I wish you which starts out "We regret to inform the rest away.

could all have heard Brother McConkie you."Oh, may we pray to God Allast night at our bishops'meeting. My mighty, that he will spare the lives of God bless you, I pray, in the name

heart goes out to this group of boys our boys, that they can come back of Jesus Christ. Amen.

986 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA are the pillars which uphold the Con- *yf J4nu 1/1/(an cJLoue Uke vWond, stitution of the United States, and without which the Constitution would fall.

Washington also realized and exemTHE LOVE OF THE FATHER ligionplified andin hismoralitylife thein necessitythe lives offorthoserecharged with the responsibility of maintaining our Constitution, and without will led be from the which men away will IS NOT IN HIM truth. the led to follow be Men

course which will ultimately destroy

if office, their of against oaths very J4eenr* By the Constitution rather than uphold it, 'i 2). Wol

of off the cloak moralonce throw OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE HENRY D. MOYLE they

religion. of fail to ity can one and No

uphold the Constitution and be a good "y brethren and sisters, I am indeed I'd like to say a few words this aftercitizen, much less a worthy public ofgrateful for this opportunity to noon about that latter subject. There ficer. One who disregards the Conbear my testimony to you and to are so many people on the earth today stitution is not worthy of our patronthose who listen in. I am grateful to who desire to do their own will rather age, politically or otherwise.

be counted a member of the great than the will of the Father. And whenIt grieved me very much this year to

of here kingdom andChurch upon I God think ever of these people, I wonder for office public a hear running man

Iearth. grateful that am especially And is there that in what can our do we the fact in that decry the another man

life closely as touched and wasmy lives, their as ministry to touch cause them political religion opposite had camp intimately as it was by the life of our to realize the blessings that are incident with him, as though that totally disPresident,departed F. RichGeorge to to the obedience of laws God. What office. qualified for public him When

to join otherards. I want all, with my in life, is there after that is so in the exercise of the immen, which power

brethren today in paying respect to his portant that we cannot and should not they hold by virtue of the offices in the memory. He will always stand in my set it aside to do our full duty to our government to which they are elected,

memory as a man of God whose testimaker? The Savior said to his disbegin to discredit religion, they cease

of divinity the the of inmony work ciples old: of fit to office. to public hold become And

will are in ever burn engagedwhich we I that as and hope pray a people we

It testiheart. increased the has not world, Love neither the thingsmy my shall led rights to the exercise be which that the If are in world. love any intensity the thereof because man andmony in this are ours great government of the the world, love is of the Father not I that he and what what knew know to ours for those vote have men who in (I him. 2:15.) John I testified true. to alsohe very was am religious some conception and who

I forgrateful the close association have their in lives to ordain seek accordance Is there anything the to has world in the out with bothhad and Church principles the with truth of of and offer is us that as today precious as the

I brother,our departed Frank Evans. right; respect, uphold, obey, men who truths of the gospel of Christ? Jesus privilege practising in the ofhad law honor, the sustain and Constitution of gospel brings The comfort joy and in courtsthe the counand same same States. the United lives, into gives our us a securisense ofties it he. in as did whether was And ty the in which world offer social us. cannot our midst have to organWehis his activiin profession or Church

ties, he exemplified the highest virtues Some people today, and today is a day izations. They seem to be springing up

that we find in our fellow men. theirof prosperity,wealth thatbecomethey sobecomeattachedsuffito everyand becauseday inthereoneis shapesome power,or another;some

As I have sat here during this concient to themselves. They cease to be distinction, some prerogative that goes

ference and looked into your faces, I dependent upon God. They sense no with those who become members and

have been conscious of the fact that necessity for any direction from him, the heads of these organizations small represent but a part ofwe their they this and social (whether they go purely or be way. Just as own

great, and body of whose men women certainly as they do, otherwise), that's they to think gradually seem many lives are dedicated to the work incident lead themselves on toward destruction. more important in their lives than to

to the establishing of the kingdom of When the Lord blesses us with wealth magnify the callings which are theirs

If earth. here on a buildhadGod we in prosperity, the priesthood. and with great heard a have we We

ing hold times which would twenty as mission to this perform. said something utilize morning about can Wehave as are people here today,many we that which learning, thing has given holds true and the Lord us the same so

would hardly have as many people as beautifully to build up his kingdom, to for that. As we become absorbed

we meet every three months in our help one another, and to accomplish with the wisdom and the learning and quarterly conferences throughout the good, the of to be the and unless philosophy men, dependent have more we think of it:Church. Just A great army in faith us, upon our shall Father a humility rather and a about heaven than we

of righteousness contending against less. As a matter of fact, prosperity, be led astray just as certainly as

evil! What a power and what a force economically speaking, is not the only wealth or power might accomplish the

we are in the world. It was in 1899 force in the world that draws us away same purpose. There is a very slight

that President Heber J. Grant spoke from the things of God and builds us margin between good and bad in our

these words: up in our own estimation—leads us to lives. Sometimes when I see my friends

criticize little, is it the I prophets erring a they here wonder upon of God why are Saints indeed, as the The Latterday earth, the thinking that that as our can't remove margin be and judgment said be,Prophet Smith they Joseph would faithful in our and are strong keeping the superior wisdom to theirs. and comin thea people mighty midst of the Rocky

It that seems their as of the neighgain mandments when Lord men power onMountains, are in inand simply our we fancy. We are beginning to grow and bethis earth, whether it be political or bor.

otherwise, they build people, mighty within butcome are a nothing up themwe I to that heart out want goes say my isto will be. question selves what There no we an egotism destroys that which to sisters brethren toand here you

in is the but mind going what Lord my faith simple in is essenwhich so God to in the those and day and wards to the multiply Latterday Saints bless and tial for are men charged imwho with stakes of the are Church so faithwho in thethem future abundantly more than he responsibilities portant in life public ful callings to the are yours, which and past, inhas the ever done of provided elsewhere and to possess. earnestly to seek so the magnify who that arecourse diligent, humble we and

provided we seek for the advancement of Brother Bowen read to us this mornpriesthood which is yours. I am sure

God's kingdom and do not do our own ing from the farewell address of Presthat history in no age of the world mind and will. (Conference Report, April ident George Washington. Washingcould record any greater faithfulness

1899, p. 28.) ton realized that religion and morality (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1950 987 less. They get in the groove, as it were,

Henry D. Moyle Continued in the habit of gambling, by learning

that most vicious habit of trying to get than we find today in the lives of our connection with horse racing held there something for nothing. It is prevalent

bishops, our stake presidents, and those during one of their city celebrations. today in the individual lives of our peowho labor under them in the stakes and They seemed to think, when their acts ple and in all of our government units

wards of this Church. When I look were challenged, that because they held to give the people as much as possible

into the faces of these brethren who public office and the city treasury refor nothing and to see how little the have returned from their missions as ceived the income from those vices people shall ultimately be required to mission presidents, I have a sense of they were completely justified. Let us work for what they get. I hope and

reverence for their integrity, their loystop for a moment and see where such pray that the day will come when alty, their faithfulness, their courage. reasoning would ultimately lead us.. If every Latterday Saint will stand for

These men have been willing to give every city in Utah did that same thing, the enthroning of labor and industry up their business and their profesthen the mayors and the city councils and thrift. God bless us to be wise, to

sions, leave their families and homes, would nullify the laws of the state be discreet and discriminating and disand go out into the world, and remain legislature. They would take unto cerning, and to utilize every force and

just as long as their call extends, not themselves powers that do not belong every asset that we have to see to it worrying about what happens in the to them. They would abrogate the law that our governments are conducted by

illegal there wealth, is no pracfuture. There is no and immoral by their own unConstitution the men who uphold

position, therepolitical or tices. of this power the people is no But, say believe one conditionally, in God, who who

social distinction which could come to town, they don't all do it, and we're lend obedience to his commandments, these men that could tempt them in the the ones that got this idea up and we I pray humbly in the name of the Lord least. ought to be able to continue to profit Jesus Christ. Amen.

And so it is our purpose in the by it. I asked them one simple quesChurch to go out among the people in tion. Who is it that comes to your city

the wards and stakes and see whether to attend these races? Well, they come

we can instil in their hearts the kind from all over the state. Now isn't that

of faith and devotion which we find in the answer? Has any mayor, has any

these great mission presidents of ours. city council the right to carry on ilIt is one of the joys of my life to be legally, gambling in the city under the

able to go into a mission and become auspices of the police power of the intimately acquainted and associated city and invite everybody else from the with these men as they direct the efforts state in, so that city might profit by of the sons and daughters of Israel in preying upon the weaknesses of others, the mission field. They give to us an inviting as it were the public to come

example which we, that'is, most of us, there and not only exhibit their weakendeavor to reflect in our own lives. I nesses but also lose their money. It

am sure that as we reflect this into the cannot be any more objectionable for lives of those over whom we preside, the individual to carry on gambling this great Church and kingdom of God within the city than it would be for the DELBERT L. STAPLEY

on earth will continue to grow and decity itself. It seems to me, as a matter

velop even as President Grant said it of fact, that those who have taken a would in 1899. I am sure that prophecy solemn oath to uphold and sustain the

is yet unfulfilled. We are still in our laws and the Constitution of the land

infancy, and we still have all these should be the last to violate them noworldly forces and powers to combat matter in whose name they might do it. RESPONSE

and to overcome. I hope and pray that this coming

remedies simple a few have the election will indicate to the world We 10 A of the to us given have beenwhich Saints steadfastness of the Latterday

Lord by which to accomplish his purin their determination to move forward pose; I don't know, of any remedy as an army of righteousness, to fight

more effective than ward teaching. If evil in all its forms wherever it is metthe bishops and the stake presidents by putting into office men and women CALL

would see to it that this work was enwho will stand for our highest ideals, tered into in the true spirit of the morally and religiously. We should be

priesthood, the spirit of this work as discerning when we seek to exercise the Lord intended it, we'd be able to any of the rights that are ours. We

touch the lives of these people. As a should see that those rights are exermatter of fact, we'd even be able to cised intelligently, that we know whom

hold publiclive close those to who stand they voting are what for, and we OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE visited teachersoffice them if our ward It is for for our them. when we vote

once a month and called their attention privilege, yes, our duty, to know the to the duties and responsibilities they position legislators will take on all matowe interest to the people who elected them to ters those to us. Will of who President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

office.that if ballot box, at the patronage seek our

I would like to say one more word elected to the legislature of this state, "\T7elcome"to this pulpit. The aposabout public office. There seems to be vote for sale of liquor by the drink? "tleship is a great honor and a high

a tendency among us in this state, and Will they vote for horse racing with responsibility.

I presume even more so in others, to parimutuel betting, gambling on the think that when we act as mayor of a side? Will they otherwise let down Elder Delbert Leon Stapley

city or in a city council, we are not rethe bars of morality and permit men quired to exercise that same degree of to come into our communities and prey Brothers and sisters, I feel more righteousness that we would in our upon the weaknesses of the flesh. No keenly than ever that what Presiown individual lives. I have particularman ought to be very proud of his acdent Clark has just said is true. I

ly in mind today a case where a mayor complishments if those accomplisham grateful I had the stopover privilege and a city council thought that it was ments consist of capitalizing upon the on the way up to the pulpit, otherwise perfectly proper for them to violate the human weaknesses and frailties of I am fearful I would not have made laws of the state of Utah and to carry others. Generally speaking, it is the the grade. I stand before you in all

on in their city parimutuel betting, young people, the boys and girls, who humility. I am very humble about

gambling in one of its worst forms, in are naturally inclined to be a little reckthis call, and I know I require the 988 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA blessings of the Lord if I fulfil such about the interview with President greatly. One was that I would be

a high responsibility. I know, too, Smith, the only consideration I recalled into positions of responsibility

that I require your love and confidence, ceived from her was full encourageand trust. And this, in a measure, I

your faith and prayers, for it is my ment to accept the assignment. have enjoyed along the way, but the

is this in apachievement crowning this appointment, receiving sincedesire I wife appreciate good deeply my the apostleship. the to And it pointment give to the Lord, of help thewith I took, she and position the know for

I for travel that other would much was giving. I of capable that bestthe am if it for not this in were that work I didn't sake. gospel's Well, the little just tell a like to I you sucnot could would the wives, men good I in the and work when how know it is testimony, call I a because callings. theabout have in high such ceed

I realize to able be doing would was I like first would me. least to But theseat completely rely upon to learned

I to this be blessing. expected never the I brethren, I these love thatto say Brethren, and when know Presiding

it position, this into but does called all, I them Authorities. know ofGeneral I being accepted sustain as them, this blessing the whereby open up way as a privilege the I I had of the haveand accepted too the Lord, am grateful I'm realized. will so be And and presidency stake in thecounselor Father. Heavenly our and Lord patriarchs faithful the of Church the to with to stake of work president aas is true sisters, of that Brothers and spirit calling, their the of enjoy who spiritual high I their appreciatethem. folreceive us. all and of we When lay out ability for the to they have and adand fine counsel theirleadership, chosen, the has those Lord low I life, whom pattern of and our us before general to I comingvice. been have our the and of Lord are accepted if we in the of God's keep know we way it time, and long for aconferences Father. Heavenly will realize that commandments, we raise privilege to hand my beenhas my

I life. thing. other pattern just of one As Now I have brethren, and these sustainto

I gospel. this of City Salt testimony a through passing Lake have was of that. just Most tried to doalways

I is It States the enjoy Church, great Southern workto and a on way my actively engaged I life been havemy

I it, I ing patriarchal in brothers a hope, received and and Mission, I I Church; the lovein Church. the

I sisters, the that Smith, get acquainted with G. blessing from may Hyrum I delight Church. in the tolove work

in this to the gain Patriarch responsibility present your of our and father you this I sure people.in with am working

I I blessing that confidence. respect love read haven't and and Church. opportunity. that calling gives me

call little this faith after that for time, but prayers ask your and for some busistake having some Thursday, I it blessing in in stood well, that things serve and do you came, two I may the following just transact, toness Christ. the in of very that impressed Jesus Amen. mind name out me my the understanding but hour,noon

General Authorities were in session,

I thought I had time to go down the street to visit a friend of mine before they returned to their offices. As I

got out of the elevator in the Hotel

Utah, who should the Lord place inmy path but President George Albert WARNING

Smith. There is no one I would rather

see, for I have known and loved him

I remember a boy long time. for a As

father's into home bounded his coming my representing the General Authorities as a stake conference visitor. When I

went on my mission to the Southern

States, President Smith set me apart for that mission. When my wife and

I were married in the Salt Lake Temple, President Smith officiated. When he was General Superintendent of the HERESIES

Mutual Improvement Association, I was superintendent of the Maricopa

Stake Mutual Improvement Association. During the dedication of the B,t

Arizona Temple at Mesa, President

Smith and his lovely wife lived with us for a period of two weeks. He has

been in our home, and I have seen him many times since. To us he is

a very dear person.

And so here he was, blocking my

Stapley, said, "President way. He tribute I adding begin might by my I for."looking just the are man you am

is us with not soul that great to who he in Hotel the Utah of lobby There Presitime, last here today, was who it the of the that wish told was me

I never have Richards. F. dent George I Council. the that on Brethren come

spirit, greater finer of a man known I I door, the and to him Well, saw loyalty devotion, more integrity, more CLARK, JR. I like J. REUBEN PRESIDENT a looked have sure must am Richards F. George President than at staring people were because ghost

life. his in exercised or possessed hotel, I into the walked back me as a also was Evans Frank Brother brothers and sisFEEL very humble,- I surely everyone knows. thought, and

great of character, a splendid man today, and before ters, you standing called to the and up room my I went it will be place ability, a the man whose that it is dearest hope I just adjoining my room. wife an from I

fill. to hard present thus far been has spirit which speak, with couldn't so overcome I was

emotion. She tried for a long time to in this conference will continue with We are met here today as members

find out what was wrong. She us while I speak. And to that end may of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latthought surely something serious had I humbly ask for faith and your terday Saints—and I am impressed

happened to me. Well, to some peoprayers, that I may be led to say somewith that name, The Church of Jesus

ple, perhaps, it had. But when I thing that will be helpful to you and Christ. I would like to say a few words

finally composed myself and told her to all who are listening in. (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1950 989 President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. continued and12:9.)the Whenlight ofhethewasworld."in the(D.temple,& C.

today based on the necessity of our identified as one being, the Father, the shortly before the crucifixion, when he remembering that name and of our Son, and the Holy Ghost. This man was speaking to the Father, he said

yielding loyalty and obedience thereto. Arius, apparently a resident of Alexanhis soul was troubled; should he say

Out on the Mount of Olives, the dria and a member of the Egyptian save me from this hour; yet, he added,

day before the crucifixion, the Lord church, in order to get away from that for the very purpose of enduring this preached a great sermon to his Aposconcept, developed the idea, the dochour, he had come. He asked the

tles, in which he spoke of the times trine, that Jesus was merely a mortal Father to glorify his name, and the that were to come. The Prophet Joseph man, a man of exceptional power, wisFather said: "I have both glorified it,

has given us a revised translation of dom, and with a great code of ethics. and will glorify it again."(John 12:

that great speech. In that speech he That was in substance the contention. 28.) Some of the people thought it

spoke of the times when the antiChrist Marcionism destroyed God and Arianthundered; others thought an angel

would come. He also spoke of the ism destroyed the Christ. These two spoke. Jesus understood.

destruction of Jerusalem and what false doctrines shook the early ChrisThere has always been to me a great should precede that event, apparently tian church. That doctrine of Arianism lesson in that incident. We do not althe destruction which came under Tiis with us today. As a matter of fact, ways understand the Savior. We do

tus. You may have to read the disit would seem that the Protestant not always understand the messagescourse with care to determine when churches themselves are largely tincfrom heaven. We are not in tune.

the Lord was speaking of the one and tured with it. They no longer, apparWhen the Savior was introduced upon

then of the other, but the revised transently, preach the simple doctrine that this continent, the Father spoke from lation will help you in your study. Jesus Christ is the Son of the Living heaven. The people heard the noise

At that time, the Apostles seemingly God, but on the other hand they gloss but did not understand. He spoke

felt, and they felt thereafter, that the that over and talk about his greatness, again, but they did not understand.

second coming of the Savior was near which, of course, he had. I want us Finally, the third time, they heard and

at hand. That was nearly two thouto be warned against the appearance knew what he said: "Behold my Besand years ago. In those early days of these doctrines, because they are loved Son."(Ill Nephi 11:7.)

of the Church, shortly after the Aposgrievous sins. When Jesus was before the Santles began their work, there began to The third thing I want to mention hedrin on the night before the crucibe "fallings away"from those who had is paganistic immorality. Among some fixion, Annas and Caiaphas were there,

joined the Church. There were a numancient peoples it had advanced, imand the rest of them. Finally, they

ber of things that led to that: perhaps morality had, to such a stage of desaid to the Savior, "Art thou the Christ,

not a full understanding of the gospel, pravity that they actually set up in the the Son of the Blessed?"And he retheir association and proximity, their worship of some of the pagan deities, plied to them, "I am."(See Mark

elbow rubbing with pagan religions, religious prostitutes, who, as a matter 14:6162.)

and other things. But in that time, of religion, offered themselves in the You remember when he was met by

Peter warned them of what he called temple precincts to those who were Martha; you remember that colloquy

"damnable heresies,"and the Apostle devotees of that religion. at the time of the death of Lazarus.

Paul, in his epistles to Timothy and to The same elements that had to do Just before Lazarus was raised, the

Titus, spoke more specifically of the with that doctrine are at work amongst Savior said to Martha, in the course of wickedness and the transgressions us. There is an effort made in some their conversation and near its end,

which were among the people, and quarters to destroy all idea of the sanc- "I am the resurrection, and the life: he

warned Timothy and Titus to warn tity of chastity. In some quarters it is that believeth in me, though he were

the people. taught that the urge of sex is like the dead, yet shall he live:

In our own modern revelation, the urge of hunger and thirst and should be "And whosoever liveth and believeth

Prophet Nephi has spoken of these equally satisfied. That doctrine is from in me shall never die."(John 11:25days when men would set up their own the devil and will lead to destruction 26.)

reason and their own learning against for any man, any woman, any people I want to read you John's testimony the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, that espouse it and practise it. found at the beginning of the gospel:

and he warned us to beware of such Now, coming back to the Savior, he doctrines. said: "For what is a man profited, if In the beginning was the Word, and the

with the was God, and was Word Word I shall lose gain to refer briefly the or world, three he and whole want to two in the with beginning same God. The was

soul? his heresies or the old giveof that are present what shall a man own now God.

amongst us. You will hear among our in exchange for his soul?"(Matthew All things were made by him; and withintellectuals not infrequently that the 16:26.) out him was not anything made that was

God of the Old Testament is different The evidence about the Savior and made.

from the God of the New Testament; his identity has been accumulating over In him was life; and the life was the light

that the God of the Old Testament has the years, both by experience from him, of men.

light in the shineth the darkness; and And himself, testimonies into the of those andevolved of the by the God New

... it not. comprehended if it privilegedrather to evolution, receive rapid a a darkness have been were who

flesh, the and made was Word And itstrue. that in testimony doctrine a and knowledge he That base had us, his glory, beheld dwelt (and among we

testilives. will as great Marcionism, note somewhat which know we We of the the as glory only begotten the of

appeared very early in the church. monies. Father,) full of grace and truth. (Ibid.,

The doctrines of Marcion seem to On several occasions the Savior 1:1-5,14.)

have been founded upon the hatred himself declared to those who were which he bore toward the Jews and about him that he was the light of the I can only refer to the great vision his determination to try to wipe out world, the light that shineth in the of Stephen and to his testimony as he belief in all that God had done with darkness, and the darkness compredied. After they had gnashed at him

the Jews, and to destroy the God of hendeth it not. He made this statement with their teeth and beaten him with

Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. When that to the multitude who remained after stones, he cried out that he saw the

doctrine is reduced down, it means he had forgiven and dismissed the womSon sitting on the right hand of the this: that God is what man conceives an who was taken in adultery. He Father. And then, as the scriptures

him to be; that man creates his God, made the same statement to those who say, before "he fell asleep"from his

instead of God creating man. No were in attendance when he healed the beating, he implored our Heavenly

greater falsehood can be promulgated man blind from his birth at the pool of Father to forgive them.

than that. Siloam. He has made it in modern Then I refer to the First Vision and

Another heresy which appeared in times, in our modern revelations, over its testimony when the Father and the the early days was known as Arianism and over again, where he has said, Son came to the Prophet Joseph in the and that was called Sabellianism, which changing it a little bit: "I am the life most glorious vision ever recorded in

990 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA last testimony, of all, of give introducbeings, which the I one we retain. testimony bear that we musthistory—two

lives! him, For him: That he even we saw the other giving spirit, and theing the other, of the born you my testimony,

right the of on heard hand God; and we I liftedinstructions. up that always by Christ; is the that as Jesus Peter am

is the that voice record bearing the he Only is in the is recorded said: Docreading what "There other none under name of the Father Begotten time thetrine of Covenants when and given men, heaven among whereby we him, him, That through and of by and their vision and Sidney and had that saved";Joseph be (Acts must 4:12) he him, created, the are worlds and were and testimony: isanother the Father; Begotten the of Only the thereof inhabitants begotten are sons

and daughters unto God. (D. & C. 76: 19that salvation comes through him and

The Lord touched the eyes of our under24.) only through him; and I bear you my

standings (they record), and they were testimony that we have the restored opened, and the glory of the Lord shone that Smith a prophwas Joseph of Olives the gospel, on the Out on Mountround about.

folthat all those et, and crucifixion, have just the night who before before the the glory of beheld we And of the him as Presidents lowed Church into the garden, the Christ Son, on he went right received Father, of thethe and hand are prophets, revelators. is seers, and this said: life eternal, that "And fulness; hisof

this testimony in the I bear you hope they true might thee the only know angels, holy them who and saw the And it that strengthen others as well Christ, may and thou hast God, Jesus whom throne, his sanctified worshiping beforeare

God, and the Lamb who worship him sent."(John 17:3.) as strengthen my own, and I pray that

forever and ever. God's choicest blessings be with you,

And now, after the many testimonies My brothers and sisters, this is the and I do it in the name of the Lord, which have been given of him, this is the testimony which we have. This is the Jesus Christ. Amen.

\iik Session... SUNDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 1, 10:00 A.M.

QUESTS 2Uermine avid SUCCESSES

lre6ldevit <JJauid \J. ulcJ\a9 &

from that meeting, the visitor said to or misery, depend upon what he seeks his companion, I would give all that I and what he chooses. What a man is,

possess if I knew that what that man what a nation is, may largely be deterhas said this afternoon is true."mined by his or its dominant quest. It

Well, he would not have to give all is a tragic thing to carry through life a that he possessed to know that; if he low concept of it.

had but followed the example of these The great writer Carlyle says, "The two disciples, he might have learned, as thing a man does practically believe, they, the truth of what President Penthe thing a man does practically lay to rose, or whoever it was, gave on that heart, and know for certain concerning occasion. his vital relations to this mysterious

With your cooperative help and the universe, and his duty and destiny inspiration of the Lord, I should like to there, that is in all cases the primary mark out that path. thing for him, and creatively deteris his religion; rest. all the This the answer, seek ye?"mines and "What

skepticism and thou?"his mere dwellest PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY "Master, be where And or it may

thereby, "Come and see."These no religion; the manner it is in which

Withthe brethrenPresident andSmithwithandallothersof youof twotestimonydisciplesof Johnsoughtthe JesusBaptist,uponwhomthe latedhe feelsto thehimselfunseento worldbe spirituallyor no world.re-

I miss President George F. Richthey had been following, and who only I say if you tell me what that is, you

ards, and our other close associate, a day or so before, seeing Jesus walktell me to a very great extent what the

Brother Frank Evans, However, who ing near Jordan, said, "Behold the man is, what the kind of things he will knows but that they may be nearer to Lamb of God, which taketh away do is."

us than we think? the sin of the world."(John 1:29.) The disciples'answer to the ques-

"And the two disciples heard him It seems that none left John's side, tion, "What seek ye?"gives a key to

speak, and they followed Jesus. at that time, but the next day John man's highest and noblest quest:

"Then Jesus turned, and saw them repeated his testimony, and these two "Master, where dwellest thou?"saying

following, and saith unto them, What disciples, one of whom was Anin effect, We desire to know thee and seek ye? They said unto him, Rabbi, drew, Simon Peter's brother, followed thy teachings. They stayed with Jesus

(which is to say, being interpreted, Jesus. We can only conjecture how all that day, for it was the ninth hour.

Master,) where dwellest thou?"(John clearly or deeply they sensed the fact And later Andrew sought his brother

1:3738.) that in thus seeking the Son of Man Simon and said, "... we have found

About forty years ago, a stranger sat they were taking the first step toward the Messias, which is, being interin this Tabernacle and listened to a eternal life. But this we do know, that preted, the Christ."(John 1:41.) "If

message such as those to which we the Savior has given the divine assur-... thou seek the Lord thy God,"is

have listened throughout this conferance that "... this is life eternal, that the promise coming down through the

ence. My informant didn't tell me who they might know thee the only true ages, "thou shalt find him, if thou

spoke on that occasion, but he thought God, and Jesus Christ whom thou hast seek him with all thy heart and with it was President Charles W. Penrose. sent."(John 17:3.) all thy soul."(Deut. 4:29.)

As the stranger and his host walked out Man's success or failure, happiness {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1950 991

narily win their laurels do you find

President David 0. McKay Continued historians referring to Christ as having

succeeded.

This, then, brethren and sisters, is Peter, "... partakers of the divine "In the realm of character,"writes

the allimportant quest of life: To seek nature, having escaped the corruption Charles Jefferson, "he was supreme.

thing places a only man which The is Christ, lust."in the to and through Jesus know worldGod whom that

is field his posof the the beasts aboveis life. eternal 1:4.) (II Peter adds, Peter Then

gifts despiritual which the session of in all this, given diligence, this conferbesides messages giving The "And character. Christlike that Man's velop indirectly directly faith virtue; anence have and to your and and to virtue

as to earthly is but existence a test the of questionswered knowledge; may how we

his efforts, will concentrate he it him. clearly Jesus expressed temperance; to knowledgeknow and whether "And

on one occasion when, attending the to temperance patience; and to pahis mind, and his soul upon the things

Feast of the Tabernacles in Jerusalem, tience godliness; which contribute to the comfort and

instincts of gratification his physical and the declared to tohe godliness brotherly kindJews "And who marveled as or passions, whether he will make his to ness; preaching,at doctrine brotherly is not kindness chariand "My

acquisithe his purpose life's end and his sent that but (Ibid.,mine, ty."1:5-7.) me.

of spiritual shall note this great his will, he "If any will do promise: "For tion man Now Aren't you students qualities."thrilled—I hope doctrine, of the these things of if whether it be be in you, and abound,know

recent the tendency I are—with or of myself."shall that they whetherGod, neither speak you be you make ye

thinkers, best the alleged and I among 7:1617.) in unfruitful the barren nor(John knowledge

are, particularly think of them some In his the (Ibid., on he exof our Christ."Sermon Mount, Jesus Lord 1:8.

pressed the same thought in these These are the signposts along life's the man who wrote Man Does Not words: "Not every one that saith unto highway which, if followed, will lead Stand Alone, in their appeal for humanlow, rise ity, to the above for mankind shallme, into Lord, will, the enter Lord, the to Lord's to do any man know spirit that the sensual, the develop and of his but heaven; doethkingdom the he that of the Son, world, to Redeemer

I is think within made man. have we is will in Father, of life.the is heavwhich eternal while my know And whom into the realm agnosticism the turn fromen."(Matt. 7:21.) this gaining are great knowledge we

spirituality. of in statements the These to find leads awaken the immortality, which we

mind of the honest investigator the greatest joy in mortality that can be Last night we had here in the Tabergreat question, "What is God's will?"experienced by the human soul. nacle, Assembly Hall, Barratt Hall, an

If we knew it, surely we would obey it. "The best of all men are they who estimated 14,000 men who hold the

Well, Christ has not left us with that realize in daily life their luminous priesthood. I don't know that you can

question unanswered. His will is sumhours and transmute their ideals into find a more inspirational gathering anymarized in the memorable reply he gave conduct and character. These are the where on earth. Just to be. with them

to the lawyer who asked him the quessoul architects who build their thoughts was an inspiration. To those 14,000

tion with a desire to entrap him, "Masand deeds into a plan, who travel forand to those 250,000 throughout the ter, which is the great commandment ward not aimlessly but toward a destiChurch who hold the priesthood I in the law?"nation."All the happiness that comes should like to say: Our lives are

lives of others. the wrapped ".. up with spiritual the Savior: with Answered Thou gifts may be theirs—love, contribute to as are happiest weshalt all love the joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, We with. Lord thy God

thy heart, and with all thy soul, and goodness, faith, meekness, temperance, the lives of others. I say that because

with all thy mind. friendship, communion with the infinite; the priesthood you hold means that you

"This is the first and great command- I repeat, communion with the infinite. are to serve others. You represent God

ment. All these and a thousand other blessin the field to which you are assigned.

"And the second is like unto it, Thou ings that God gives free of charge are "Whosoever will lose his life for my shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. On theirs. sake shall find it."(Matt. 16:25.) This

these two commandments hang all the "Earth gets its price for what earth paradoxical saying of the Savior conlaw and the prophets."(Matt. 22:36gives us. tains the crowning element of the up39.) "Tis heaven alone that is given right character—crowning, I say. Here

Further, regarding the will of God, away, we touch an important phase of the the Apostle Peter particularized when, "'Tis only God may be had for the gospel of Jesus Christ. Selfishness is

on the Day of Pentecost, with one acasking."( Lowell. subdued, in which greed and avarice

cord the people asked him and the High in the scale of manhood stand must be subordinated to the higher other Apostles, "... Men and breththose who ceaselessly aspire toward principles of helpfulness and of kindliren, what shall we do?"life's great Exemplar. This great Exness.

"Repent,"answered Peter, "and be emplar is Jesus Christ, who among all "If any man will do his will, he shall baptized every one of you in the name leaders in history has wielded the know of the doctrine, whether it be of of Jesus Christ, for the remission of greatest influence upon the human famGod, or whether I speak of myself."

sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the ily. (John 7:17.) Choosing the right with

Holy Ghost. You have asked yourself, as have unvarying and unwavering determina-

"For this promise is unto you, and to thousands of others, wherein lies the tion, resisting temptations from within your children, and to all that are afar secret of his greatness? You have and from without, cheerfulness in the

off, even as many as the Lord our God probably answered, "Why, it is in his face of difficulties and experiences, shall call."(Acts 2:3739.) divinity."Well, that is true, but he reverence for God and respect for your

To repent—this we should note carecame to earth as you and I, took upon fellow men, willingness to assist in the

fully—is to feel regret, contrition, or himself mortality, and he exerted an inestablishment of the kingdom of God

compunction for what one has done or fluence among his fellows, in keeping—these, though you might miss some

omitted to do. It means to change one's with the natural laws just as each inof the emoluments of the world, will

mind in regard to past or intended acdividual here exerts a natural influence. bring peace and happiness to your soul,

tions or conduct on account of regret Wherein is the secret of his greatness, and through obedience to the principles or dissatisfaction. It means to conquer aside from his divinity? He defeated the and ordinances of the gospel, bring imselfishness, greed, jealousy, faultfind- lawyer in argument, healed the sick mortality and eternal life. Your soul

ing, and slander. It means to control where medicine failed, inspired the will rise in ecstasy and clearer underone's temper. It means to rise above greatest music ever written, filled hunstanding of that great word of God

the sordid things which pure nature dreds of thousands of libraries with given in modern revelation: "This is

would prompt us to do to gratify our books, inspired missionaries to go to my work and my glory, to bring to pass appetites and passions, and to enter all the world, even to the darkest the immortality and eternal life of into the higher or spiritual realm. depths of Africa; yet, in none of the man."(Moses 1:39.) That friend who

Thus we become, in the words of realms in which men and women ordi- (Continued on page 994) 992 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HEATERS PATENTS PENDING Circulate25% more warm air and save the heat formerly lost through rents and waits

Pleasant Heating Comfort uniform throughout the Home.

No more Hot Walls or Cool Floors.

Clean, quiet, faster Heating.

Exceptionally Economical.

Now—a pleasant new experience in true heating comfort for you! New Holly NarroWalls

produce increased circulation of warm air, distribute heat evenly throughout your home, banish sweaty windows, streaky walls. Beautiful panels always cool to the touch—protect

furniture and guard little hands. Holly NarroWalls fit snug to the wall, blend with any

decorating scheme, require no floor space or utility room. Easy to install, cost less to buy,

less to operate. Choose Holly NarroWalls—for

the latest in safe, economical, efficient heating.

There's a m for every home

Ideal for use in either old or new houses and homes with slab or wood floors. Approved for

use in 2"x 4"stud walls with wood lath and plaster, wood panels, wall board or other combustible materials. No ducts, motors or gadgets

necessary. Single and dual sizes, 25,000 to

45,000 B.T.U. input.

HOLLY MANUFACTURING COMPANY 1 888 South Arroyo Parkway, Pasadena 2, California

Gentlemen: Please send me, without charge

or obligation, complete information on the new Holly NarroWall Heater with the S*H*E*.

Safe! The new Holly NarroWall Models NS and NO are

AGA tested and approved under latest 1950 central heating requirements for Stubby Flat Stubby Dual NarroWal!

use with Natural, ManuFloor Furnace Floor Furnace Recessed Heater 7nnfl State.,

factured or LP. Gas.

DECEMBER 1950 993 and immaterial creations which rise

President David 0. McKay Continued above mere utilities as the mountains

rise above the plain. "The English find

said he would give all in the world if Christ is the Savior of the world, in the Arthurian romance a neverfail- he knew it was true can know if he through whom and only through whom ing inspiration."Americans in the fuwill follow the example set down by may mankind find happiness and peace. ture will surely realize an epic grandeur

the Savior. So sure am I that the gospel of Jesus in the song sequences and world stories

In conclusion, as sure as you can Christ has been restored through of the first Americans. We know that

tune in on the radio and hear voices Joseph Smith, and the authority to they once had their testimony of the from afar, so sure am I that God our represent God on earth is again given Living God and Jesus Christ, our ReFather lives, and the soul of man can to man. Oh, may he give us power deemer. The following short poem

commune with him through the Holy to proclaim these truths to an unwill give an idea of the beauty of

Spirit. I give you that as my testimony; believing world, I pray in the name of their thoughts. It was written by a

I know it. So sure am I that Jesus Jesus Christ. Amen. Tewa Indian:

Oh, our Mother, the Earth; oh, our Father,

the Sky, Your children are we, and with tired backs

We bring you the gifts that you love.

for of brightness; us a garment weave Then 4 feopte the white light be of mornwarp May the

ing, May the weft be the red light of evening,

May the fringes be the falling rain,

May the border be the standing rainbow. CULTURE Thus weave for us a garment of brightness

That we may walk fittingly where birds d5u oLeui (L.aaar'i/lcwiAna Thatsing,we may walk fittingly where grass is

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY green,

Oh, our Mother, the Earth; oh, our Father,

the Sky!

LEVI EDGAR YOUNG When the Latterday Saints crossed We Latterday Saints have a high the Mississippi River in the winter of regard for the youth of the world. It

1846 and began their journey to the is our desire to have our homes in- "ay my words express a love for far west, they left the city of Nauvoo, fluenced by the Spirit of God, that our

life. It built within been is. had I think are true religion what weM'God and mankind while I speak a city of beauty and high religious and children may grow in a knowledge of

to time, of but period it came of the great all agreed that one need A fewto you,friendsmy brethrenof mine andfromsisters.New civica short

York, members of the Episcopal be, under the direction of the Prophet hour is to bring back the fine concept

Church, are in attendance at these of God, the greatest city, morally, in of the faith in God which our foreservices. At home they attend their America. There was a civic consciousfathers had.

services at the church of St. John the ness that can well become the model Yesterday Bishop Isaacson in his

Divine, one of the most beautiful of the cities of our country today. address referred with feeling to this

places of worship ever erected in The people were rich in the Spirit Tabernacle. In the early days of this

America. We bid you welcome. We of God, and they had a culture all state, the Mormon pioneers built many

are glad to have you hear something their own. The men and their families public buildings and memorials that

of our beliefs, something of the great were reduced to humble circumstances. bore witness to their love of the beautitruths of the Living God. We respect They had little to eat, but living in ful. Everything that they did to create

you in your worship and your religious their wagons drawn by mules and oxen, homes and cities showed a mingling of beliefs. It is one of the rich sayings of they were making their way to their definite religious feeling with the creaJoseph Smith, the Prophet, that we new home in the West. They carried tions, and they thought of it all as

believe in worshiping God according copies of the Bible and the Book of God's work. It was from their faith

to the dictates of our own consciences, Mormon with them. They had come and trust that their genius developed

and we allow every man the same to love books of literature and history, in the days of hardship and toil. There

privilege, let him worship how, where, and they sang their psalmodies by was something of emotional color in or what he may. We honor you in night and by day. what they did, a something that made

your worship. We have heard some of the brethren them strive to unite the work of their

You will hear from this pulpit this speak of the American Indians in this daily duties with the light of heaven.

morning the testimony of every Latterconference. We are carrying the gosIt was Ruskin who said that

all the tribes speaks. Saint of America, to wide pel and Far andday who

its the of power mind had The human particularly willin interested the hear the same have world become you we in the wilderness; growth more must much traditions this in the latterday people. of these concerningtestimony The the the conception, love of beauty be an

work which was given to the world by Night Chant of the Navajo and the image of God's daily work.

the word of God to the Prophet Hako of the Pawnees have been transJoseph Smith. We believe in God, the lated into English. They are mysterThis Mormon Tabernacle expresses

Eternal Father, and in his Son, Jesus ious but beautiful dramas. The Indians, something of the strength of character

Christ, and in the Holy Ghost. It is if understood, developed fine artistic and religious idealism of the Latterday

our testimony that God has given us feeling; and it has been said that their Saints. The only building of its kind

the gospel of Jesus Christ, and that traditions will yet become the foundain the world, it is unique in the history

Joseph Smith, the Prophet, was the tion for the richest American literature, of American architecture. While its

founder of the Church of Jesus Christ and feeling. Everyone knows that the massiveness suggests a people strong in

of Latterday Saints. Testimony with American Indian passed on to us, and spirit, conviction, and purpose, its lines

us is a very divine thing. It is a sacred through us to the world, a heritage of indicate a splendid adoption of scientrust and can come only to one who utility beyond the dreams of avarice. tific principles in architecture. It is a

has opened his heart and mind to This was in such homely things as the plain, ovalshaped building, studded hallowed living with earnest prayer and inestimable food plants, which he had with heavy entrance doors all the way deep faith in God and Jesus Christ. brought from the wild to a high state around; there is no attempt at ornaIt is the most divine gift of all, and of domestication. Few seem to know mentation of any kind. The building

this testimony lies deep in the heart that he has prepared a second heritage is a fine example of the utilizing of the of every member of the Church. of beauty, a gift of fine arts, illusions, (Continued on page 996)

994 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA e c BOOKS/

prolong the

goodwill of

CHRISTMAS

throughout the

year

Wholesome for children: Inspirational for youm:

A STORY TO TELL $2.25 STORYPIONEERSOF THE MORMON $2.00

FAITH PROMOTING STORIES $1.25 ADDED UPON $1.60

SCOUTING FOR THE MORMONS....$2.00 STORIESBOOK OFFROMMORMONTHE,....$2.00

BLAZING THE PIONEER TRAIL $.25 PAHUTE INDIAN LEGEND $1.75

DENNIS AND THE MORMON PIONEER STORIES $1.25 $2.25 BATTALION

Wisdom for age:

Inspirational People: VITALITY OF MORMONISM $2.50

JOSEPH SMITH, AN AMERICAN SHARING THE GOSPEL

PROPHET $3.25 WITH OTHERS $2.50

IMMORTALITY THE WAY TO by John Henry Evans ON

LIFE ETERNAL AND JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET $3.25 $3.50

by Preston Nibley WAY TO PERFECTION $1.75

BRIGHAM YOUNG, THE MAN JESUS THE CHRIST—

$2.75 $2.75 Library AND HIS WORK

$7.00 Leather Preston Nibley by

MELVIN J. BALLARD, HIS SERMONS WORDby JohnOF WISDOMA. and Leah D. Widtsoe$2.75

AND MISSIONARY SERVICES $2.50

ARTICLES OF FAITH—

$1.50 Large, beautiful, new triple combination Missionary KNIGHT OF THE KINGDOM $2.25 by Conway B. Sonne Library $2.00 Book of Mormon—Doctrine and Covenants-

"even as you and I"(hope to be) Leather $6.00 Pearl of Great Price

Large 12point type 6x9 inch page. India

EZRA T. BENSON $3.00 SWEET LOVE REMEMBER'D $2.75 paper, gold edges, leather lined.

$12.00 ALL PRICES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE

We prepay postage on cash orders

All of these books are available from your local dealer

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

P. O. Box 958

Salt Lake City, Utah DESERET BOOK

COMPANY Please send the following books:

Official publishers and distributors for Remittance herewith

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints Name

Address 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

DECEMBER 1950 995 ties here. In 1850 they organized the

Levi Edgar Young Continued first university west of the Missouri

River, and in 1851 a library was resources of the land for the purpose Casting your eye to the pinnacle of brought across the plains by ox team.

of having a place for divine worship. the center tower of the temple, you It had been purchased in New York

The building impresses one as an imsee Cyrus Dallin's statue of the Angel City by Dr. John M. Bernhisel and

mense, irresistible force, "humanly Moroni, a beautiful creation by that was the finest collection of historical, superhuman,"an expression of sovernoted sculptor, who was a native of philosophical, scientific, and literary eign intelligence and feeling. It is as Springville, Utah, and who died reworks in the history of the American

the great Ibsen has said of all art, "an cently in Boston. I had the honor of frontier. This collection contained the

illumination of life."The interior imhis acquaintance. He was one of the works of the classical writers of anpresses one with its majestic, vaulted noblest men I ever knew. One time cient Greece: Homer, Sophocles, Plato,

ceiling, and "the vastness of the place in discussing his work, he said: Aristotle; the Latin writers, Virgil,

grows upon one and inspires one with Tacitus, and Herodotus; and the modin believe angels one marks who To writers, Milton, great Shakespeare, ern adfeelings of solemnity andmingled

lives his is the to of near most one God. just of a are few Bacon. These andmiration."I beautiful concepts have. can am a manIt that the authors of the books were this building of worldfamed The I that to believe Moroni, glad whocame collection. this in great brought The is It inis story. a dramaticorgan history, in to earth back ever he came was

separably connected with the name of again as an angel from God's throne. library from the beginning received

Joseph Ridges, a native of England, copies of the New York Herald, New who went to Australia as a youth and This is why Dallin created his masterYork Evening Post, the Philadelphia later emigrated to America. In Austrapiece on yonder temple. Saturday Courier, and the. North

lia he worked in an organ factory; Wherever you go, you will find the American Review. Of the scientific

while in Sydney, Elder Ridges conbuildings of pioneer days always great works there were Newton's Principia, structed a small pipe organ, and having structures with artistic features. The Hefschel's Outlines of Astronomy, and

joined the Church, he was advised to State of Utah had its beginning over Von Humboldt's Cosmos. The treapio- the years one hundred ago the when tises included works on philosophy histake instrument immito Utah. He

it in this valley, arrived and was Luther, Stuart Mill, Martin of John little neers his tograted shipped Utah, and organ, in tin cases, to San Pedro in in 1 850 that the Territory of Utah was John Wesley, and Emanuel SwedenCalifornia; he afterwards brought it to organized. The people brought with borg.

Utah by ox team. them their ideals, which they had deThe ideals and daily lives of a peocity at veloped had That Nauvoo. their of standards are a ple judged by sixties In early the Elder Ridges was university schools. public and The fine arts enthe amusements. Amongselected President by Brigham Young built people SciHall of a "Seventy's the pioneers of couraged were Utah by in buildto the Tabernacle. an organ ence,"great which to a was have hardly had the drama, music and and submittingAfter drafts to preliminary

is library. a This Methodist what fields their of colonizers planted the his counselors,President and Young minister, Briar, a concerning Mr. wrote their building grain and homes begunElder arrangeRidges began making city the left before the had Mormons this built in wildertheater they a when for inthe constructionments the of

it: in that theater pioneer days ness—a his assistedstrument and was by

associates, Shure Olsen, Neils Johnson, Instead of seeing a few miserable log noted actors visited, among whom was

Henry Taylor, Frank Woods, and cabins and mud hovels, which I expected Sir George Pauncefort of Drury Lane others. Meetings were held with these to find, I was surprised to find one of the Theatre in London. He played Hamlet,

men almost daily, and the reports of most romantic places I had visited in the and from that time on great artists west. buildings, theatre, of though them The of the the old stage many gracedeach heard. man's were work While small of the were bore and marks wood, including BarBooth, Lawrence Edwin collecting variousone specimens was I of neatness equalled not which seen had rett, others. successful and So manyof the of from canyons Utah, wood in this country. farspread plain at the The in carrying these early pioneers wereanother tools with making was good hill the of bottom dotted with over was in Leavitt, that ideals B. out their M. still to carve the whilewhich wood, habitations of majestic such with promen

a third man was experimenting in makfusion that I was almost willing to believe his Fifty Years of Theatrical Manageing glue. Specimens of wood were sent myself mistaken; and instead of being in ment, says:

111., I that Mormons, among was it Nauvoo, all people over Utah,by and from

I seem, the statement as.. Sweeping I may in Italy at City the of Leghorn. gazed finally that best decided thewas wood theater the that has ever believe not do for time admiration with fond some upon hills in the found aroundwas Parowan its to plane, as higher rested both a on the plain below. there arose a and Here

Valley, three in Pine aboutand hunits at Salt offerings, Lake than purpose tall, and brick majestic house, loudly speaking dred miles south of Salt Lake City. It of the untiring labor of the inhabitants, who City, the capital of Mormondom.

was a fine grain of white pine variety, have snatched the place from the clutches free from knots and without much of obscurity, and wrested it from the bonds Even when the earlyday missionthis of disease; in as three short aries or it years to pitch and two or large pipes, went the gum. For England—and

it rescued to a dreary from transform waste with open as early especially went welladapted.was 1837—they

.. it first into of cities the of the west. one could they learn everything pipes, to large minds of some which The

all the in business I found people engaged the of conductive feet, that thirtytwo ways be thourequired wouldmeasure

I visited than place any more have—much recite to here you feet an Let timber. sands the of God. of of me Over I since times the hard sought commenced.

long, lonely roads labored the oxen, in vain for anything that bore the marks of example of love for beauty and truth day by day, hauling the heavy logs immorality... I could see no loungers when three missionaries from Salt Lake

to Salt Lake City. At times there about the streets, nor any drunkards about City in 1857 wended their way to the

were as many as twenty large wagons, the taverns... I heard not an oath in the Missouri River, called as they were on

each with three yoke of oxen drawing place. I saw not a gloomy countenance; missions to England. Seymour B.

its loads. The roads were rough and all were cheerful, polite, and industrious. Young, Phillip Margetts, and David

with leading conversed men and many their from handcart pulled dusty, Wilkins streams and be I had to many wellinformed, hospitable found and them River, the Missouri to City that Salt Lake bridged might pass the wagons

I generous. but nothing order saw and at able to take a train they difficulty. were without where over them

... society. the in regulation

About one hundred men were emCouncil Bluffs for New York. During ployed constantly in the construction Joseph Smith himself became a stuthat long journey on foot—for they

of the organ, and it was dedicated in dent of Greek and Hebrew, and classes walked all the way, camping at night October 1867. It is a majestic creain the ancient languages were organon the streams of water—they would

tion, and to this day, thousands come ized in the Kirtland Temple, which the have their supper, consisting of dried to listen to its melodious strains. It is Prophet Joseph attended. The Mormeat and bread, and before rolling up

one of the great instruments of the mon pioneers established schools in in their blankets to get their rest, world. Utah at the beginning of their activi- (Continued on page 998)

996 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA steps ahead The 51 FORD for the years ahead...

with 43 new features!

Look Ahead... at your Ford Dealer's today! and FORDOMATIC DRIVE *

Look at the '51 Ford!

built just the Here's this for car designed not and if will prefer... takeoffs Fordomatic, gradual you you in With for next, the but to and stay years year To come.

shift gasoline traditional with to Ford or a never have gear in style, thrifty! to stay to young performance, stay

clutch Just push again! a The pedal Semaphore economy. new '51 It's the with Ford "Look 43 Ahead"new

with start selecSelector, the engine, exclusive the Drive place every one for engineered planned and features—in selecthe drive Ford, tor "Drive"step on proper makes and

the years ahead.

in all tion Practically accelerator. you are easy. always You

You'll such Drive, see advances as Fordomatic... is the control steer! gives of car Fordomatic you complete do

finest industry's the newest, flexible automost and the flashing acts as brake engine "jetaway"a performance transmission, cuts matic driving motions which 92% starts downhill. at the on... or going and road

it! You'll driver better a makes doing and you cost. al extra *Optional

feel the brandnew comfort of the Automatic Ride

Control—easy onthatthemakescar itself!even Androughyou'llroadsrideeasyin theonquietyou elegance of new "Luxury Lounge"Interiors You can pay more but

designed for both fashion and function for the to years come. you carit buy betfer

inside Yes, and out, every detail of styling, coachwork and finish of the '51 Ford is luxury that lasts because the quality is there. So when you buy

for the future, buy Ford.

"Test Drive"it Today at your Ford Dealers "ORD

SEE YOUR FRIENDLY FORD DEALER

DECEMBER 1950 997 Remember the kings, the princes, the

Levi Edgar Young continued nobles, and the great ones of the earth, and all people, and the churches, all the they always had their prayer to God. their ideals of culture and learn to thepoor,earth.the needy,(Ibid., and109:55.)the afflicted ones of

One night, we are told by one of these abide by those ideals today, you would men in his journal, they sat by their know what happiness means. If this

fire, and Phillip Margetts, who became appreciation could grow in your hearts, These are just a mere semblance of one of the noted actors of the Salt there would be a revival of the stage the teachings of Joseph Smith. Think

Lake stage and who was known in as we used to have it, which would be of what they should mean to the stuNew York and London for his ability a revival of the plays of Shakespeare dents of universities and colleges.

as an actor, recited the words of and Moliere and Corneille, and all the Think of what America will regain

Hamlet: masters of the great literature of the when nations accept this divine truth;

past. There as the be appreciawould an Prophet Smith expressed Joseph

.. is of a piece man! work how What tion of it: music the of literaand drama,

infinite faculties! in in reason!noble. how ture sculpture, and the ideals old and "I principles correct teach them expressin and moving adand form and how

mirable! in action how like an angel! in would come back to us as expressed they govern themselves."

the Prophet Joseph Smith: like a god!apprehension the beauty by how I of this land the youth give To

of animals!of the world! the paragon

of Sir Francis Drake, words who Organize yourselves; prepare every these

And then he gave another of his favorneedful thing; and establish a house, even sailed up the Pacific Coast at the close

ite quotations, from Macbeth: a house of prayer, a house of fasting, of the sixteenth century, and then on

a house of faith, a house of learning, a around the world:

Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow house of glory, a house of order, a house this in to petty from paceCreeps day day of (D. God. C. 88:119.) & but pass abide. away, people See Men last syllable time; of the recordedTo that fast the heritage hold leave you we all fools lighted yesterdays our haveAnd

its you, teach yea, children your and grant, thou do And Father, that Holy out, to brief death. dusty Out,The way value, that in the never centuries coming all those shall in this worship house, who candle!

their fail hearts their them, or may hand be taught of may words out wisdom ofLife's player, walking a shadow, but a poor Hitherto grow weak. too have been we best the of books, they learnand seek may frets his struts the hour and uponThat

afraid. will Henceforth, fear only we ing even study, faith, also by and by as much like the god! aapprehension beauty how God. thou said. hast (Ibid., 109:14.).. is then more. heard noAnd

the youth, to the boys and girls To direct ever in us all our Lord, God May delight not in the destruction we O if theof could only Church, you I reaof fellow our their work, ask in of men: souls are Jesus the name precious holy

lize how our forefathers expressed before thee. (Ibid., 109:43.) Christ. Amen..,

Inflation or Selfishness SelfControlled

9 (7oSeP'% *** ivlenltt OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

this, one may ask. Are all these We live in a world and a universe

things necessary? Does God will them? governed by immutable laws which,

In their ignorance some say, "Yes."if fully obeyed, result in beautiful

JOSEPH F. MERRILL During the three years we traveled harmony and peace. This is true of

about Europe, 193336, we learned that both the material and the spiritual the feeling was more or less general realms—so teach authorities in the

that there is no God whose children fields of science and religion.

"any who are not visibly present we are, and who loves us as a kindly According to the Prophet Joseph may be listening to the proceedparent loves his children; if so, he Smith,

ings of this conference by reason would not have permitted the greatMof the marvels of modern radio. I greet World War (the first one, we now There is a law, irrevocably decreed in

you all. call it ). Such a statement implies that heaven before the foundations of this world,

all blessings upon are which predicated is for responsible is said these days and written God Much wars—someblessing when And from obtain any we false. thing that conditions preis wholly the troublousabout God has it to that God, obedience is by law upon

vailing locally, nationally, and intergiven "free agency"to every child which it is predicated. (D. & C. 130:2021.)

nationally. The war in Korea during born into mortality, a priceless gift

recent weeks has perhaps claimed most for which each recipient will be held Human experiences testify to the attention in newspaper headlines. But accountable. God is not responsible truth of these statements. Scientists

talk of war and rumors of war also for our wars nor for any other of have long taught that every phenomhave come from other quarters. Rising our many troubles and sinful acts. enon in nature is the result of antecosts and prices have likewise claimed This truth is one of the many charcedent causes. This fact is commonly

much attention. Labormanagement acteristic teachings of Mormonism, deknown as the law of cause and effect.

troubles have shared in the headlines. fined as the teachings and doctrines Last April, a few days following the

Partisan politics have stirred up anger of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterannual conference, a lady spoke to me and bitterness. Looking in any direcday Saints. on the street and asked how I dared

tion you will see anything but harmony We bring our troubles upon ourto mix politics and religion in a conand peaceful conditions. Why all of selves, be it ignorantly or otherwise. (Continued on page 1000)

998 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This is

.

\W

Another new industry for Utah becomes a reality This new industry was made possible by the teamwith the formal opening of the Utah Copper Refinery of work of 112,000 individuals. Of this group, 23,000

Kennecott Copper Corporation, at Garfield. are Kennecott employees in Utah and in other localities and approximately 89,000 are shareholders living

For the first time in Utah's history, copper ready for throughout America.

use by manufacturing plants will be available right here in our own State. Now all four major operations—minThis team of employees and stockholders have faith

ing, milling, smelting and refining—necessary to proin the future of our State. They believe the nevw refinery

duce pure copper will be performed in Utah. will contribute to the wellbeing of our neighbors here in

Utah.

The new $16 million dollar refinery will furnish 700 additional jobs for Utah workers. With the exception of You and the other 686,796 residents of our State

about a dozen trained technicians, local people have will be benefited, directly or indirectly, because of this been employed and trained on the job as the plant got new industry/ its payrolls, supply purchases, and tax under way. payments.

UTAH COPPER DIVISION ECOTT COPPER CORPORATION

A Good Neighbor Helping to Build A Better Utah

DECEMBER 1950 999

labor unions began to stir up an agiJoseph F. Merrill Continued tation for an increase in wages. They

insisted that their members should conference address. My reply was that I Asked when they had done this, the tinue to have the same weekly inunderstand our religion is essentially Lord replied, comes as they received during the war

a way of life and therefore covers in a—the same for forty hours each week

broad way the whole field of moral... Inasmuch as ye have done it unto as previously received for fortyeight

least of these the one of brethren, ye hours. my Hence a demand was made artiindicated relations as byhuman

it (Ibid., me. unto done 25:40.) of thirty cents increase an for a wage thirteen cles eleven, of twelve, our have and

hour. insisted there they should But faith. not know, you all do As we the unselfishserve Yes, Lord by we increase in prices, increase be no no limit religion the teaching to of our a ly serving righteously and fellow our in the cost of absurdity. theological set doctrines. of of One living—an is this men. our missionaries what And the cost of up, goes production When is faith that teachingsour fundamental at are trying do. to abroad and home if prices also not must business go up iswithout dead. (See works James a they reward, develop a love deep As is continue? to the Well, what was2:1426.) for the people labor they among whom strikes, demands, outcome? There were

Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, and experience joys, delights, and satisdisturbances, etc., and finally a settlefactions shall enter the of degree to a of intoLord, a nature and kingdom the ment made, on recommendawas

that will of the but he doethheaven; that enables truthfully to my say them President, the giving tion of a wage

is inFather (Matt. 7:21.) heaven. which greatly their they enjoyed missions of and increase eighteen onehalf cents and

if return gladly to called would them hour. increase This general an became said in his great on Sermon Jesus So return. to these missionaries Yes, were all the big industries. productionthe Mount. their at out there giving expense own prices? about course they Of inHow occasion, another a lawyer asked On full their efforts unselfish to time to living cost of up. went On rose—theJesus, if deliver that a message accepted and this the account, following there year

agitations, strikes, Master, which is the great commandtolivedthewouldrecipients.be an everlasting blessing wereand finallymore demands,settlements in the law? 'ment giving a second

Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Many different answers may be wage increase, followed by another

Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with given to the question: Why is the rise in the cost of living. This was esall all soul, in thy with thy mind. land and every and sentially the of story third the year, world—people first is the great This and commandment. uncertain, troubled conan of fourth the year, clime—in the of and now

itis like the unto second And Thou dition? current of nature troubles The fifth inflationresult the year, being anshalt thyself. love thy as neighbour is that such people are looking many still spiral, continues, ary which with all these two commandments hang On fear hopeless ahead almost with and in the highest history for labor wages (Ibid.,the the 22:3640.) prophets. law and

to as despair the are outcome. There in the industries productive a corand

These teachings we wholeheartedly intelligent and informed people who responding increase in the cost of livthird see the as world imminent war ing. It seems, therefore,accept. interpret that increased the word We certain to the distant not cihl/> a-ro W7Cxra>c and \-r\r* in - come in I arnolir r/>cnnn in this as"neighbor"commandment

meaning our fellow men. In a brief future. And hearing or knowing someflation in this country during recent

amplification of the second commandthing of the enormous destructiveness years. But a sad part of the story

ment, Jesus said: of current implements of war, they is that the majority of workers in the

reason to have panicky by country have been wronged by the. that should.. whatsoever III. would men ye thoughts of World feelWar that inhas followed wage this to for so to them: you, evendo do ye is there But danger a of such why innot incomes haveis inflationcreases—their (Ibid., the the prophets. 7:12.) law and breaking? is the fast war answer risen. creased as One as prices have

This requirement is generally called inordinate, wicked selfishness of men In another way, inflation has hurt the Golden Rule. This requirement is in positions of power. Was there a the millions of loyal, thrifty Americans

implied in the thirteenth article of our more selfish, greedy, ambitious national who invested their savings in war faith, which is stated as follows head than Adolph Hitler at the outbonds. A depreciation of the purchasII? If of break unconWorld ing War of the dollar resulted has power

true, believe chaste, honest, in being We trolled, selfishness in the of men power loss billions of in the of dollars many virtuous,benevolent, in doing good and to will the deadliest to lead war this to those the bought bonds. who The...all men.

world has ever known. many millions of insurance policies of

I began this talk by naming a few But most of our perplexing troubles all kinds have been deflated, of course.

of the many troublous conditions that are not of an international nature. And these facts seem not to have

afflict this country. Why do these They arise in our homes, communities, bothered in the least those who are

conditions exist? They are all manand nation, and many of them are also running the government. At any rate,

made, hence could be eliminated if due to some type of wicked selfishness. I have not heard of it. As a matter

men had the desire and the will to What is the basic cause of the inof justice to all, should not the goveliminate them. But this will never flationary tendencies of the last few ernment do everything feasible to keep

be done until men repent of their evil years? I know the answer that the purchasing power of the dollar

ways and stop doing the things that economists usually give. It is more constant? Who has been benefited

have brought about these conditions. or less stereotyped. I am not an by inflation? Certainly the vast majorTo be more specific, among other economist, only a layman, but I have ity have been hurt.

things we must control our selfishness, an answer, and I believe it is a correct I spoke of labor union bosses. There

not an easy thing to do; for selfishness one. The basic cause is selfishness. are undoubtedly officers of labor unions

is an inherited weakness, an inborn But selfishness may be commendable who are good, honorable men who quality that every man possesses to or damnable. It is commendable selfishare willing to do what is fair, right,

a greater or less degree. However, ness that motivates our missionaries and just in their dealings. And certainit may be manifest in ways that are their desire to help and bless their ly the majority of members of the labor

commendable or damnable. In the fellow men. They are activated by unions are good, loyal Americans and

twentyfifth chapter of Matthew is the spirit of the Golden Rule. But would not knowingly be guilty of dowritten a beautiful parable wherein the selfishness ceases to be commendable ing things hurtful to their follow men.

Lord said, when it goes beyond the limits of the But it appears that multitudes of these

It Rule. Golden then becomes their more are of misinformed some by For I hungred, an and was ye gave me sinful, - less or depending, of course, crafty told leaders them, have who I thirsty,meat: was gave ye and me the circumstances. on for instance, that the TaftHartley...drink:

Naked, and ye clothed me: I was siA, About the time of the surrender of labor law enslaves labor and that all

and ye visited me.... (Matt. 25:3536.) Japan in 1945, the officers of some (Continued on page 1002)

1000 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA m s>l

< iwj-w *.X'r.-r.'Vr.'- -*&y*-*rrfSS*

S%$3

UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

and Stations and Dealers in Highest

Quality Petroleum Products 41 years of progress

DECEMBER 1950 1001 of the sinful selfishness of those who

Joseph F. Merrill Continued had things to sell. When goods become scarce, their price is increased.

its congressional supporters should be Why? For the same reason. In such

defeated in the coming November cases the production costs have not election. But if I understand the matincreased, but the selfishness of venter aright, this law does limit the dors must be satisfied.

power of selfish union bosses, but gives About fortyseven years ago Cache a correspondingly larger measure of Valley in northern Utah had a long freedom to union members than they winter. The price of hay for cattle

hitherto had. I am willing to trust rose sharply. Marriner W\ Merrill, s& informed, honest, loyal American president of the Logan Temple, was

workers. All I ask union members to told by the manager of his farm affairs

do before they vote for candidates that he had several tons of hay to demanding the repeal of this law is to spare. The demand was keen. Fifteen

make a study of the law that their dollars a ton and more was being if you're underleaders demand shall be repealed and offered. Brother Merrill was silent

then vote conscientiously. In this for a few moments and then advised

is secret. Everyone that be as could be sold hay as much

of free insured hascountrythe Godgiventhe ballot right agency, the price? dollars spared. Eight And

to will but It's hold a responsible have for enough home him bad God is fair ton. price he added, a That, a

... it's unfordoubly it. burn down uses he how for cost the of not production, but do

is insurance to your tunate know let the to than Speaking one of labor bosses, same more union ton go may repair. little rebuild or to too Make

If if spirit indicated individual. the here I ask the read you Deseret News protection your increase sure you

to meet today's increased building editorial published September 24, 1950, prevailed throughout all America, how costs. See your KOLOB AGENT toentitled "John L. Lewis Bares Fangs much better it would be for all of us

day. He's one of more than 300 Again With a Grisly Grin and Growl."and how much greater our happiness!

trained insurance representatives In that editorial attention was called Then officials of corporations and in Idaho, Utah, Montana unions be motivated and Neto to be would an epistle written by Lewis in which labor serve this longestab- vada who all in their negotiahonest says: fair and he lished company.

tions. in velvet Taft born encased pants was situations the troublous Yes, among rivet to lived iron collar has and around an faces that comare inflation, America millions of the necks of Americans. He

the of labor munism, and monopoly is relentless, the witless, albeit tool the of oppressors of labor. union bosses; and the most imminent

of these three are inflation and monopSALISBURY, Mgr. FRANK these of disappear oly. Both would I urge you all members see why Do

Salt Bldg. 330 Judge

if all imconcerned would to Lake City of familiar overnight labor unions become with the provisions of the TaftHartley mediately repent and live the Golden law before they vote? Let them see Rule. And this all members of the

for themselves if the law does not Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday give them freedom rather than enSaints are obligated to do by the

Your Every Musical Need slavement. covenants they made in the waters

Here is another illustration of dogof baptism and in partaking of the

Promptly and Courteously matic selfishness shown by union holy sacrament.

Filled at bosses. During several weeks recentNow in conclusion, may I say that

ly, the General Electric Company was three years ago last April I stood in trying to negotiate new contracts with this pulpit and asked the question:

one of the unions (a new one) repre- "Did Joseph Smith, the fourteenyear- BEESLEYS senting its employees. In the comold boy out in the woods actually

MASON & HAMLIN pany'sthese statements:News Letter of August 4 were heavenlyand reallypersonages,see two GodhighlythegloriousFather

The Stradivari of Pianos and Jesus Christ the Son, and hear the

The burden of I.U.E.'s argument is now voice of each one?"If a fair, openit KNABE that just admittedly doesn't count required minded, competent judge were

willingly offer or into whenever put we of the The Piano all relaof study a thorough to make effect benefits that publicly not do any Metropolitan to tive Opera give material answer and then to out of appear have us been wrung by

EVERETT itthecan'tunion.afford...to AndcreditI.U.E.us witharguesanythingthat theaffirmative—soquestion, it strongundoubtedlyis the wouldevidence.be

The finest toned, medium we are willing to do voluntarily.... For myself I am very sure that just

priced spinet pianos built I.U.E. inferred that others had never been as certainly as you are sitting there

rugged enough in collectively bargaining and I am standing here, I know that

CABLE - NELSEN with us. God lives and that this is his Church.

himself, the Ghost, through He, Holy Beautiful in spinet pianos these statements any deshow Do this to to revealed has In me. answer field priced the low sire to be fair? I recipient prayer the have happy been

-*- selfishness of sinful again Speaking several revelation of times direct from

Band Instruments as the chief factor in producing inflaGod, given verbally, once orally.

Sheet Music tion, may I suggest that most of us Hence I positively know that he lives.

and Everything Musical areness—wemore orgolessbeyondguiltytheof sinfullimits selfishof the someIn recentof theseyearsexperiencesI have publiclymanyrelatedtimes.

Golden Rule in promoting our own Many thousands of other Latterday interests. This is understandable but Saints have testimonies as strong as

justifiable in the light of our all mine. Saints are true Latterday But BEESLEY MUSIC CO. hardlyteachings. extent that all faith. do firm in precious we our To the May

70 South Main Salt lake City 1 thus go, we violate the second great of us let it be our guiding light and

Phone 4-6518 commandment, do we not? keep us loyal to the leadership of the

UTAH'S PIONEER MUSIC HOUSE When the Korean war broke, prices First Presidency of the Church, I pray immediately went up. Why? Because in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

1002 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DECEMBER 1950 1003 Perfecting The WELFARE PLAN

invite you, each of my [earnestly sisters, to say brethren and a &<i anon G:&owine t

prayer that while I stand before you, you may get something out of ASSISTANT TO what I say that will do you good, and THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE that what I say will inspire what you get. I rely wholly upon the spirit of

occasion. directthe Lord to me on this

I this conference During have listheFirst,programwe wantjust toas getsoonto theas possiblepoint in that has to everything intentlytened said has beenbeen said. What has whereSaints thefor cashnecessitycontributionsto call uponto meetthe

thrilled me, although I have not heard the annual Church welfare production is the that During new.anything much presently is eliminated. are budget We conferread many I havepast weeks this. accomplish to things doing two

this pulpit from given addressesence of direction the MARION G. ROMNEY place, under In the first

years, and last twentyone theduring the of taken out the brethren we have in adthose found not much I have of items couple a budget proposed

I thrilled but that new,dresses was for your faithfulness in coming to the cash: of raising the required which

with every one of them. regional and stake welfare meetings transportation of coal and cash for

Truth, sufficient to guide us through that we call. I have never called one, the purchase of cloth. As a result, the

our lives and back into the very presand I never shall call one that is not 1951 welfare production budget will ence of God, was revealed through the authorized by the Presidency of the be $132,000 less than it would have

Prophet Joseph Smith during the early Church. Last year, of the 173 stake been with these two items left in.

dispensation. this last The ofyears welfare attend the invited to presidents eliminated, items these with Second,

in that brethren the counseled theLord attended. 163 meetings, Of budget prothe be that budget urging are we to pretend no to they that were inday presidents stake Society 172 Relief in cash. not in and commodities duced to speak revelation. were They thenew attended. That vited, made 163 in getting only done be by can This revealed been had teach what and Relief Society the of record attendance proto with which the means hand In Smith. the Joseph Prophetthrough perof 55/100ths one presidents about welthe duce

still is are commodities—permanent that what main, the we stake the of the record better than cent projects. have fare production We doing. of attendance of record presidents. The our to produce projects nearly enough

I know, of course, that there have the bishops and the independent branch budget needs, but we are a little out of of since the given 61/100ths revelations however, presidents was, been new larger than projects are balance. Some

I of Smith. record better than the the Prophet Joseph one percent days of places be, some while in they need

know that every man who has stood attendance of ward and independent there are no production projects. If,

at the head of the Church from then branch Relief Society presidents. Thus somehow, those who have no projects

until now has received revelations from the attendance record of the brethren could buy into the larger projects, so the Lord. I know President Smith rewas about 5/100ths of one percent that all the production could be turned

today. But of the ceives not many that them new better than it would program, the welfare into women—quite

since revealed workers been doctrines have for men. Welfare a record projects have no help. All those who

time. traveled the meetings Prophet's those attended who them. to get will, need of course, We

going. and coming manmiles 488,323 out of general conferthis go about matter we get are stressing What as we

ences is a buildup of our spirits as we You have, my brethren and sisters, the Church.

to loyalty of record marvelous a made principles particular and listen those to is doing are thing emAnother we plan. the welfare the of gospel which the Lord practices the given counsel the phasizing by of in midst the are we Just the now of leadership inspires present the that the beginning the from brethren the proposed with the touring Church at attention our bring to to Church a not become must program welfare budget. production welfare 1951 inspired We time. he the why knows He the given be must people dole. Our to people inviting so not many are the Merrill to give F. Brother Joseph they for to what opportunity work last this did as year meetings we the he just gave. talk knows why he He let us of the spirit Master get. the In

to get down year, want because we brethren have inspired the other who so to opportunity work give an them the to with you in conferences our in this to conference what say talked the primary violate not that do we the details the of of of discussion some privilege It is said. high our have they plan. the welfare of purpose When feel not operations. do welfare the these men, what through to hear, We said, it brethren "Our up, the set they prothe welfare promote to If if need here. we he say were Lord would we insofar up, set to purpose was primary as have so idea much as it we an gram say, they agree with what not do under system possible, a be it might as believe past, because in the done we with of are out harmony is because we idleness be of would curse the which conare people of the that now most Spirit of the the Lord. evils of a dole the with, done away perfect to need verted. do But I we or about to desire a say two word industry, independence, and abolished,

the work that I give a great deal of its operation. thrift, and selfrespect be once more

my time to, the welfare work. I hope established among our people....

they will be worth remembering. There Work is to be reenthroned as the rulare few of the brethren who so conMOUNTAIN SNOW ing principle of the lives of our Church

sistently go to all the stakes in the membership."

I. I I sent, Douglas Gitean as because go Church By am desire to point: one more Now We it I in gratefeel and very very humble the the Church throughout encourage falling of in this snow world ful conthat brethren the have enough HERE from of the the principle gone, have and mountains The fast—abstaining in the fidence send to about me me fast day meals on of eating the two rivers sound tell presidents, stake to the Church

quite to heard; thereof but not thing equivalent a remembered the giving As and presidents, Relief bishops, Society and forests go; in the trees as offering draw The fast bishop. minimum the A things other welfare workers some alien ashen, mound; is an stump Each meals, and of the is two equivalent the the welfare program. about of the bush, whitewinged thought a Each

I thank you, my brethren and sisters, bird. (Continued on page 1006)

1004 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 480 geologists and exploration experts 41 00 drillers and oil field employees 6900 refinery and manufacturing employees 990 research scientists and technicians

8100 salesmen and service station people

Thousands of hands work when you say "fill 'er up"

Most folks probably think of a corporation most efficiently when many people pool many like ours in terms of a name..."Standard Oil talents within a coordinated organization.

Company of California."That's why thousands of hands work at

Actually, a company is people... people Standard to bring you good products... and

working together. to make sure oil flows in steady supply to

In our case, 27,900 men and women work America's planes, tanks, trucks and ships in to bring you the products you buy from us. times of national emergency.

They each contribute special skills and abilities, live their own lives in many different places. You'll find their houses down the

block, pass them on the street, sit next to them at a movie.

STAH*>A*D oil m. In the extremely competitive oil business,

it takes a lot of people—working with many OF CAn MPANY

expensive tools—to bring you good products tf

at reasonable prices. For crude oil is a bulky, ';e"* you better

sticky liquid that's hard to handle. Taking oil

from the ground, refining it, transporting it and pumping it into your car or oil burner is a continuous job... a job that can be done

Your progress and oil progress go hand in hand

DECEMBER 1950 1005 what they say is happening elsewhere."

Marion G. Romney continued As I thought of that bishop's statement, I remembered the words of

a maximum fast offering may be Jackson County, Missouri, and redeem Brigham Young:

measured by the greatness of one's Zion at the time the Prophet came Were your faith concentrated upon the heart. God bless you that you may from Kirtland with Zion's Camp was proper object, your confidence unshaken,

continue in this great program with all because the members of the Church your lives. pure and holy, every one fulthe energy of your souls. in Zion would not impart of their filling the duty of his or her calling acIf I had time, I would like to give substance, as becometh Saints, to the cording to the priesthood and capacity befilled with you, be upon would you first afflicted of lesson the a on it out them. six poor andyou among

it We stowedthe Ghost, imas be and Holy would find section just the of thatverses of the 105th such a consequence Docmay for to possible to deceive any and mantrine rests but Covenants, not our have performance. and upon I do

to for lead destruction feather to as a you

I I will this:time. reain simply bless say you, pray The the name God in of the intense remain midst unconsumed

son the Saints did not go back into of Jesus Christ. Amen. heat.

And then this:

I am more afraid that this people have

will of for themselves not inquire God fortified so much confidence in their leaders that 4n they

I are being they & whether led by him. am

fearful they settle down in a state of blind security, trusting their eternal destiny in the hands of their leaders with a reckless UNSHAKABLE confidence that in itself would thwart the purposes of God in their salvation, and weaken that influence they could give their TESTIMONY leaders if they know for themselves by the revelations of Jesus Christ that they are led in the right way. Let every man and

H5u Jstaroid 5. <JLee womanSpirit ofknowGod toby themselvesthe whisperingswhetherof theirthe

HAROLD B. LEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE leadersdictates areor not.walking in the way the Lord

To me, there is a tremendous truth.

As Churchanotherdrawsgreat nearconferenceits closingof sesthe incovenant."effect, inThisthisis conference:what has beenUnlesssaid, terdayIt is not Saintsalone sufficientto followforourus asleadersLat-

. sion, it remains for each here in every member of this Church gains for and to accept their counsel, but we

attendance at the conference or listenhimself an unshakable testimony of the have the greater obligation to gain for ing on the air to formulate for himself divinity of this Church, he will be ourselves the unshakable testimony of that which to him has been the cardinal among those who will be deceived in the divine appointment of these men teaching and central theme of the conthis day when the "elect according to and the witness that what they have ference and then to apply it in his own the covenant"are going to be tried and told us is the will of our Heavenly practice. As I have sat here, I have tested. Only those will survive who Father.

tried to do that for myself. I would have gained for themselves that testi- I had a shock and a startling truth

like to tell you what my own feelings mony. borne in upon me by an experience six

are about that which has transpired in I heard from a young man up in the months ago, when following April conthis conference. Northwestern States Mission, who had ference, the General Authorities and

The first thing which has characteronly been there a few months—a fine, their wives met in a semiannual partyized it has been the feeling, particustalwart, handsome young man—he and dinner up at our Institute of Relarly among the members of the Twelve had just received what he had interligion near the University of Utah. As

and to some degree by all the General preted to himself as a testimony. He a part of the program, the committee

Authorities, and put into words by told how he had been anxious in the in charge had arranged for a recital

President McKay this morning, that circle where he had lived, because of the conferences a hundred years this conference has been greatly inmembers of his own household and the ago, from the preceding October. They

fluenced by President George F. Richcircle of his friends had ridiculed oftread the minutes from the conference

ards, and likewise, perhaps, in a degree, times, after the conferences had ended, of 1849. They then brought quotaby all those who have departed this what had been said in those confertions from the sermons delivered by

life as leaders of the Church. President ences, and he had been shocked about the First Presidency and the Council

George F. Richards was one of the it. Then he said, as the tears filled of the Twelve in October 1899. Then

noblest among them. I have felt his his eyes after he had borne his own they reproduced on the public address

influence as President McKay has extestimony, "If I could hear my own system quotations from the sermons of pressed our feelings. father and mother stand up and bear every one of the present Presidency

The second thing, that to me has their own testimonies, it would be the and the Council of the Twelve. When

been the cardinal theme, is that we greatest thrill of my life."they put into my hands the quotation

must prepare to meet that of which The other day one of the bishops from the one in that other Council the Master warned when the disciples from the Big Horn country of Wyofifty years ago, whose place I was now

I to startled, for I was they was asked would know him how office, told filling, and that ming came to my last of a statement his recorded nigh at hand. again read the coming was to their there frequently came me that

He said to them: conferences visiting brethren who man who lost his standing in the Countalked about those who criticize the cil and later his membership in the

Christs, false shall arise there I For Christ. was of Jesus Church And of the Authorities and Church, and General

signs false great shall prophets, shew and I this stateread startled when springing up more that are the "isms"about if it that, poswere wonders; insomuch and last sermon. his recorded from ment in groups. apostate said, "You He elect. sible, the shall very deceive they said: he This is had what don't people our Lee, Brother know, 24:24.) (Matthew

brethren these what know children never that the of men I know in our ward. there up The Prophet Joseph Smith, in his about till the power they converted saw that areWetalkingnever were

inspired version of that same scriphear these criticisms. They accept of God rested upon his servants, and the

ture, added these significant words: you brethren as the representatives of spirit of God went down into their hearts

"who are the elect, according to the the Living God, and we don't hear like lire.

1006 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He knew, and he came to know by the bitter experience of his own apostasy that the thing which lost him his standing in the Church was that he lost his testimony of the divine appointment of the prophets of God, and that the fire which once burned in his heart had gone out. When I realized that

one like him had failed, and that I was now sitting in the chair once occupied by him, it gave me a tremendous feeling of responsibility and a fear lest I might fall, by foolishness and because of the deceit and cunning which I have come to believe may overtake any of us. False prophets and christs, as foretold by the Savior, may come to deceive us not alone in the name of religion, but if we can believe the history

of Italy and Germany and Russia, they may come under the label of politicians or of social planners or socalled economists, deceitful in their offerings of a kind of salvation which may come under such guise.

Five years ago, following the death and burial of President Heber J.

Grant, the Council of the Twelve met in one of the most solemn meetings I have ever attended as one of the junior members of the Council, in one of the upper rooms in the Salt Lake Temple.

They had met there to consider the appointment of a succeeding Presidency of the Church. The chairs

usually occupied by the First Presidency were vacant, and for hours the members of the Twelve, each in his histurn, feelings fully expressed this all to that's on Yours now, yours smile loving remember—

the matter of the appointment. new

also, for mother. is safer that the joy of Yours he knowing the decision PresiAfter made, was

dent George Albert Smith took his and happier because of you... because of your care in

place and called to his side President choosing for him now the things that will help him grow

Clark and President There McKay.

something to that happenedwas me into a sturdy, happy child.

in that meeting. willing then, as I was

to listen toalways, to High on the list of things important to your baby now is the the brethren andfollow them, but as they took their milk you give him. Is it uniformly rich—easy to digest—

places at the front of our council.room, safe? You can be sure of this, and more, when you give your

there heart came a testimony into my baby Sego Evaporated Milk. that assuranceand an these were the

been chosenmen by God's who had Sego Milk is always easy for babies to digest. Always uniappointment, of it because and I knew

the revelation of the Spirit to my own formly rich in the food substances of whole milk. Always

soul. surely safe, in its sealed container. And Sego Milk is enriched

May I close with only this one with pure crystalline vitamin D, the sunshine vitamin. It's

thought taken from one of our own this sunshine vitamin that helps your baby build strong,hymns: straight bones and sound teeth—helps him make the best of

Soon the earth will hear the warning, growth.

Then the judgments will descend!

Oh! before the days of sorrow, Yet, with all these advantages, Sego Milk costs less generally

Make the Lord of Hosts your friend. than any other form of milk!

Then, when dangers are around you, FREE TO MOTHERS!

And the wicked are distressed, This handy book that makes it easier

You, with all the Saints of Zion, to care for and train your baby.

Shall enjoy eternal rest. Dozens of the most important questions about the of care and training

are in this 64From "See, the Mighty Angel Flying"your baby answered page illustrated book. Approved by /,

doctor. Praised enthuwell-known help divine, to that gain as- a us God

in siastically interthe mothers bysuring in testimony which I have my for free west. your mountain Send

Isoul. that lives and know know God helpful today. of this copy book

that this is his work. I know that Address: Sego Milk Co., Dept. E-5,

these men are divinely appointed Salt Lake City, Utah.

servants of God. And I bear you

this testimony in the name of Jesus Sego Milk Products Co., Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West

Christ. Amen. Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

DECEMBER 1950 1007... Jlxth Jee&iion. SUNDAY OCTOBER 1, 2:00 P.M.

There is NO MIDDLE GROUND

Arlma Ocovine ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE &

other place, he quoted the words of Prophet showed great wisdom, it seems

Paul, the Apostle: to me, and a rare insight into human

nature, when he used the words, "we

Else what shall they do which are bapbelieve,"in presenting this powerful tized for the dead, if the dead rise not at message to the world. Is it any wonder

all? Why are they then baptized for the that they have been translated into so

dead? (I Cor. 15:29.) many languages? They are not only

wellstated, but they are also wellHe then concluded that there can be selected from all the beliefs of the no question but that the early ChrisLatter-day Saints. They have stood

ALMA SONNE tians were baptized for their dead relathe test of one hundred years, during tives and friends. Why is the attitude which time they have been analyzed

these of the respecting changing world inscrutinized of thousands and by

I sisters, brethren been have and sisbrethren doctrines? Because, and single alteration vestigators. a has Not

all full sesduring the of anxiety ters, of the the endeavors humble men declarations necessary. are been These

It this has conference. sions of as forth gone have and of the part who Prophet's important women anMy to that said everything him comesbeen sucmissionaries eminently have been literary scriptural productions. and

I waiting waits. and been havewho all cessful, in the of people walks and neither are threadbare nor obsoThey exwell-nigh I stand herewaiting, and life literature. lete. reading our are About

It ofhausted. a young reminds me I train the from a rode year ago on

finally finished minister our had his fellow misbefore When stoodman who to northern London. WHhen England them, reading missionary comin my his tosionaries over bear Norway the city Darlington, of to the came we of another panion him handed our first said, time. for thetestimony He opened, and to our compartment door

It entitled tracts. the one was "What"I told are weak, you you when am of the of minister England Church a

Is written years Mormonism?"I ago by I'm strong;are weak, but when am us carerather entered. over looked He it Elder read Widtsoe. A. John Hejust weak."to "I said, finally fully curious and am It end. to beginning from I was much in rejoice the with growth and you should come Americans you know why it. It to longer. read hour took an him in the of the Church, marexpansion a to plenty land of land a from equally complimentary he it was since when of He progress hasvelous which made scarcity."

it is us. "It to of the best returned I oneit in 1830. the year organized was

am proud of the achievements of the My companion, a young missionary, religious papers I have read,"he said.

for gospel eager a was always who thing. did a bold Then their first planted my companion andmen women who

reto conversation, turned and him into his brief case took and laidfeet in He reached these Mountains and Rocky the foundation for all we have and are. plied, "We are missionaries of the from it another tract called Joseph

I am also proud of the men and women Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Smith Tells His Own Story. Our friend

who built the great city of Nauvoo Saints,"and then with characteristic read it, but the expression on his face and erected there a temple to the Lord. bluntness, "commonly called Morchanged. His attitude was different.

I am equally proud of those who built mons."His friendliness disappeared. He

the Kirtland Temple in times of great The minister was not shocked. I handed it back without comment exhardship and adversity. I rejoice in the think perhaps he had surmised who we cept to say, "The answer to that gossuccess which has attended the Latterwere. The young missionary, true to pel tract is either yes'or 'no.'"And I

day Saints in this dispensation, and form in all respects, reached into his believe he was right. There is no midparticularly in the success of the great pocket and produced a little card on dle ground upon which you can conmissionary enterprise which is going which were printed the Articles of sider the claims of Joseph Smith. He

forward in the world. I tell you the opFaith. The minister read the articles was either prophet or fraud, for he did

position is crumbling, and the Lord's very carefully and handed them back to his work like one called of God.

work is going forward. Never before the missionary with the remark, "I can I also picked up in England another

fine declarations of believe these most friendly the receptionhave had we of written Black Dr. book, by James

then goodnaturedly, of faith."And in all are receiving thewhich today we Scotland. promi- a Edinburgh, was He

I to benot course, prepared "Of amnations of Europe. is bemessage Our in the of nent clergyman Church Engis built the lieve to that be upon Zion listeneding to people everywhere, by in land Edinburgh. wrote numerHe

continent."went But on he American is the the preparing hearts ofand Lord articles against the Latterday ous

men and women for the gospel mesto talk about these thirteen Articles of Saints over a period of fifteen or twensage; and so I view the situation Faith and referred to them as "a great ty years. These articles were bitter

throughout with optimism and delight, religious document."and were directed primarily against the

so far as the Church is concerned. I have always said, and I now repeat leaders of the Church and against the

Just before leaving London, I purit, there is something more than man's missionaries who were then in England.

chased a book. Its author is Dr. Ernest genius back of these thirteen Articles One chapter in his book is devoted to

William Barnes, the famous Bishop of of Faith. How could anyone devise a the Mormons in Utah, and in it the

Birmingham, England. I did not get better introduction to a gospel conreverend gentleman made a confession

time to read the book as thoroughly versation for our missionaries? These that he has failed after years of study

and carefully as I should have done, articles are not antagonistic. One folto understand Joseph Smith. Said he in

but I noticed as I scanned through its lows the other in proper Sequence. his statement:

pages the learned man called attention They are sound and scriptural and have to this one thing, namely, that infant a strong appeal to those who are familThe real problem in Mormonism is how baptism was unknown in the days of iar with the Holy Bible.: They are an illeducated man like Joseph Smith could

Jesus Christ and his Apostles. In anneither dogmatic nor unfriendly. The {Continued on page 1010)

1008 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Another Bell Ringer for the Christmas Season

... continuing the tradition, now 51 seasons

old, of giving something special for the special

Christmas season.

This year's Christmas News will bring you four bright, big sections besides the regular Wednesday "News."The cover on the enlarged Church News

will be a reproduction of a painting, in full color, suitable for framing.

Rather than looking back over a century of living in the Mountain West, authoritative writers from every field of activity in this atomic age are looking to the future and what it can and will mean to the people of this region.

Make sure you have ample copies for the whole family's enjoyment—order extras through your carrier or by writing

the Deseret News.

On the newsstands, or delivered with your

Wednesday, December 13

DECEMBER 195 1009 Alma Sonne continued whichplain thishe himselfprophetgave.of Nothe onenineteenthwill excentury except those who accept him as

for elaborate invented problem, of rules this charge not system doeshave an explain a prophet of God. historical references, illeducated explain with cannot and anand ideas many how such

ingenious speculations and imaginative man could produce such an elaborate sysMay the Lord bless this great work flights, and moreover, how he could have tem. This is a bigger problem than most which has been established upon the

It in a style requires imagine. exceedingly of writing an them appeopleexpounded last his earth in the days. he bless May

foist to to his able foreign scholarparently a highly ordinary wroughtout speech and are gohandmaidens and who last for to culture. fraud of over century arange

in to this upon the servantsing forth the present world public.

He goes on: gospel of salvation, and may we live Who will explain Joseph Smith? Is so that our lives may shine like a

On the other hand, the charge of his enethere any explanation of this great beacon light to lead the world towards mies that the whole system is merely an prophet of the latter days? Only one, the truth, I pray in the name of Jesus

invention and a fraud does not touch the brethren and sisters, and that is the one Christ. Amen.

for the WITH FAITH FUTURE

vSu iKlckard <=L. CiVaVlS OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Nauvoo had been only three or four nature hasn't changed very much. We

years in the making while Washington, face other uncertainties today, and

D. C. had been designated as the seat sympathy and appeals for faith and

of national government more than a prayers and for encouragement to our

RICHARD L. EVANS halfcentury before that time. young people who face the uncertain-

I think these latter figures, and others ties of our generation have been exam sure that no one knows as well which might be presented here, bring pressed repeatedly in this conference.

as I know how much I need help as to us with some considerable force the I should like to add my appeal for faith, for prayers, for understandfore- and pioneer this face congregation here and kindI I in live ing for these people great fathers young of courage who listening lookthose and be who may suspense, confusion and wonconviction. and of were—peoplepeople Ithatthinkour from and can see who we air, theing I earnestly and on hope

that I may have it. these figures, too, something of the der when they are going to be relieved

all can this uncertainty, they of their basis of the of of when concern some

I jotted to time have from down settle they count all can social, on the of rewhat down, neighbors—with actually,time mentally or these past their future, to for political, pursue ligious, the impliwhether economic and

it I days, that thingsthree think might for their preparations in this education of cations inherent and peogrowth for said at been to wellhave have me it all up. professions ple, to give or the vigor they purpose and and

Ithis conference, repeatedly and have

I in they rising on? count Well, repeatedly can displayed from What asscratched others out said them have

it or their Kimball think one C. poverty. Heber was

list.them. a rather long They make

I his said that of associates figures think of had he be more who may Two

I set heard a some of weeks ago different all seven started again interest In the over to population 1850, you:

figures presented by Brother A. Z. of Utah has been recorded in official times and left his home and all behind

Richards, which I felt deserved wider records as being about 11,380. Three him. I hope this generation will not be

circulation as a point of historical peryears later our people started building faced with any such extremities, but I spective. I should like to extract a few the magnificent temple which now do know that we must have faith in

of these figures from a longer list: stands to the east of us. the future, and when we see what our

When Joseph Smith was born, the In 1860, the population of this state forefathers did with what they had, and population of the United States was has been recorded as being about the conditions under which they did it, about onehalf the present population 40.273. Three years later than that they I feel sure that we can surmise someof California. began to build the Tabernacle in which thing of what might be expected of us,

In 1820, the population of the entire we meet today, which, when it was and of what might be accomplished by

United States was about the populaprojected, probably would have seated us, in faith, in that unity of which Presition of New York City today. about one out of every five people in dent Clark so often speaks, and in

In 1830, when the Church was orthe entire state. If we were to do likerighteous purpose. There is much exganized, New York City was about wise today, proportionately, we should pected of us with what we have, comone-third larger than Salt Lake City is have to project ourselves to the buildpared with what our pioneer fathers

today. ing of an auditorium that would seat did with what was theirs.

In 1837, when our missionaries first considerably more than a hundred They did some other things also: It

went to Great Britain, New York City thousand people. has been mentioned that this is a year

was smaller than Denver is today. Men of courage, men of faith in the of anniversaries. For one thing, it is

In 1847, there were only two United future in spite of all the uncertainties the centennial of the University of

States cities larger than Salt Lake City and the drivings and the depredations Deseret, now the University of Utah.

today; they were New York and that they experienced, they began The second act of the territorial legisManhattan, both of which are now again and again, and rose from their lature, as I recall, was the founding of

part of the present greater New York. poverty again and again, to produce this educational institution. This month

When Martin Harris went to New what we see before us and what we we also observe the seventyfifth anniYork with the Book of Mormon charare the beneficiaries of. These walls versary of the founding of Brigham

acters, New York City was only and these buildings on Temple Square Young University. Did the founders

slightly larger than Salt Lake City is are part of the evidence of their purof these institutions have their eyes on today. pose and their faith, and I hope and the future? They believed in seeking

Before Nauvoo was abandoned by earnestly believe that something of knowledge out of the best books. They

our people, Washington, D. C, was their spirit still lingers here. believed that "the glory of God is inabout the same size as Nauvoo, but Now times have changed, but human telligence,"and "that whatever princi1010 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

pie of intelligence we attain to in this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection."they C. 130:18.) And (D. & Here's the Easiest way to institutions ofestablished learning

wherever they went. The pursuit of

learning was an important part of their lives. do the Hardest work I am aware today, not only of those

who are facing uncertainties in the There's no backbreaking work in manurehauling when you use armed forces, to whom our hearts and these 3 McCormick time and laborsavers—the No. 200 Spreader,

out, ofprayers those but are go who 1 a Farmall 3 H, and Loader Tractor. Power No. Withor MD M in institutions ofpursuing knowledge seat tractor can break your leaving you 5 loose out or 4 huge intolearning, areas sometimes run who in full the spreader, of them manure, scoops hitch dump then on, conflict in confusionof seeming and

field. off for Instead the halfhour of take a to and an hour of pursuits.their to grateful belong I am

to a Church that has committed ithard, backbending work with pitchfork and shovel, the entire self to the acceptance of all truth, that loading operation has taken only 5 or 6 minutes!

encourages its people to pursue truth and to push farther and farther the frontiers of human knowledge. And I

am grateful also (and I have said this before) that the things I don't understand don't destroy my faith in the things that I do understand.

There is so much that men don't know that we can afford to wait for all the answers where there seem to be areas of conflict and confusion in the pursuit of knowledge.

I was reading recently an article on the new telescopes lately put into service on Mount Palomar, California the Schmidt telescope, a smaller one of rather radical design with fortyeight- inch lens, 'and the much larger one with a 200inch lens. Since early 1949,

so says the writer, the smaller of these two telescopes has provided "new fciv.i. ffc;.::

clues on the creation of the universe,""has revealed already hundreds of islandthousands universes and milof 8 Reasons Why the McCormick No. 200

lions stars. of which never had been Spreader Gives You Extra Years of Service before,"seen photocan see and.. and

graph "clear, undistorted distances of light millionthree hundred years away! acidresistingHeavy-duty, copperbearingsheet steel body.rust and 3* forcedRugged,by 2-piecemalleablewidespread,brackets. reinbillion-billionor about thousand two

miles!"And the larger telescope pene- A* Reinforced wood floors specially Heavyduty, replaceable, draftreduc-

trates about a billion light years away! treated to resist rot and warp. ing axle and beater roller bearings.

"What is man that thou art mindful of O* Doubleriveted, U-shaped carbon- r m Exceptionally strong roller chain to rehim!"steel beater teeth, sist wear, stretch, dust and moisture.

And shall we say that these millions * Rigidly heavysteel safety shields to mounted, dropforged ratchet, O* Arched,of stars that have just been "seen"parts. driving protect working cams pawl. andwithin recent exist did not months before see could aid with them we the

is for loadthe high easy inches hand only Spreader 200 37 No. And theseof I acute instruments? more

its dairy... to large for it ideal the capacity large average makes ingthink ask should ourselves of we some

it blanket of wide, livestock... uniform spreads farmer a andthe questions that of asked were Job at the to any toughest bedding wet shredded chunks—manure—from the the out of Voiceby whirlwind, and

... its loadaccurate 5 2 loads 5 to acre rate an and from you want

see can answer, how many we when turning pinpoint gives Farmall, to hitched your you balance, when into run of these areas of somewe field. feedlot, or barn in

If conflict.seeming sit to were we all as full line includes 4 of Spreaders others—McCormick The and list those thingsdown which have fit to built as the varying the sturdy No. ruggedly 200—designed discoveredbeen even in our genown are: feeders These dairymen. and of needs

eration, which were not before known, and then think of infinity and of all No. 200-F. 75 bu. Designed for the dairyNo. 100. 40 bu. For small tractors or for

that is not yet known by man, we man to handle liquid manure. minimum spreading requirements.

should be humble indeed in our small No. 200-H. 65 bu. Fourwheel, for horse No. 100-H. 40 bu. Threewheel, for horse

knowledge, even the most learned or tractor power. or tractor power.

among us.

I should like to say to our young See and examine these rugged spreaders, the worksaving No. 31

people: Keep your lives wellbalanced. Power Loader and worldfamous McCormick Farmall tractors at your

Pursuing any narrow field of knowlIH dealer. International Harvester Company, Chicago 1, Illinois.

edge or activity to the exclusion of all others will reach a point of diminishing returns. Give some of your time to the

things of the spirit, and always reservesome of your means to the purposes of INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER your Father in heaven. Look broadly

(Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1950 101t within it the answers to the problems

Richard L Evans Continued that beset this generation, and the only to answers peace. permanent May we

it inas well as intently, and keep your lives I wish to express to you the convicpursue unity and with righteous in pursuits.wellbalanced your in as reality tion soul to the my of purpose, ever keeping the command-

I to those say today would who things are those have which been spoken bringing ments and our people young field,in the classroom, in the farmers to in this full faith, conference, of here that of with us, understanding, God to the laborers in factories, to men purlives, that Jesus is the Christ, that the and courage. I pray in the name, of the

suing professions, to young men in gospel has been restored, that it has Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

allmilitary in life, service, to of us whatever the discouragements, whatever the seeming areas of conflict and confusion, whatever the infinite area of things we don't understand, cling to these eternal verities always: that

God lives, that men were made in hisimage, that life is purposeful, that men FACE THE FUTURE are immortal. Cling to the commandments and give observance to them and

to the knowledge that it is our Father's plan and purpose to bring immortalityand eternal life to man. If we will cling UNAFRAID

to these eternal verities in simplicity and truth and keep our lives well- (L-zra Jart vSeniovibalanced in all our pursuits, we shall & reach a glorious end, with evergrow- ing knowledge. By all means seek EZRA TAFT BENSON OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

knowledge out of the best books, in all fields of thought learning that and friend regarding sisand good spoken brethren you, my and to my come if constructive,are it and, possible,

I of brother, Evans, the have close Frank ters, as approach whom we to wonderfulwould be the fronpush spirit not years and in loved was conference, this many who glorious a Itiers of knowledge beyond they where in also that the but in the only loved Church prayer, was fasting hope of andare But lives now. always keep wellfit rural throughout durthe people sustain to loved will by see the Lord mebalanced reserve and for time the some

I before stand America. the ing moments few spirit.things the of

I sisters, I brethren and happy, contemplating been am have you. my As

this to as discouragement and Now of in Stapley the this Brother experience, appointment sobering anxiety with

Iconfusion: the think of men's enemy to like I'd to Council, I say to our and the to Lord thank reason had have

souls care wouldn't too much what I feeling the I'm him, blessings. sure his echo for and times many

to he usedmeans inlives render our all will I of that associates, in of he sitting alone a room my While was effective, just so as long he did render is feel that witness love the see a morning following and and at home my

I ineffective,them don't think he would in excelled not of anywhere boys one today, men among session came mycare it too inwhether much by was sits in the as of Council the obsaid, I've he world the "Dad, into and roomdolence or indifference or withby First the Presidency fasting the and praying and Quorum you've been served willingholding or work, doubt, or by I I for grateful the of this conference. Twelve. during deal am a good discouragement, or uncertainty by tell blessings. these rich that in to to just you wanted come long as he could inrender usby—so I sisthrilled, brethren I and the same. doing been am The have my

iteffective, please him. would And ters, of the the with sweet bless summary you."Lord

it must our be to that purpose see we I this I given conference Brother left Lee by the met room, was by Aspursue our purposes regardless of the testihis particularly wife, loyal morning devoted, and with ever and good mythings don't which know we hope we I that has children imsaid, thank he mony. have younger "The God who

It tosometime know. must our purbe it if in hearts of the well planted that be might suggested we men—strong all topose pursue with earnestness testimony burning she men, family prayer."in good kneel Then men—a righteousevery purpose. this this divinity latterday the of of great morning, prayer added, had "We

No matter how much we may be but they'd like to join with you in work.

discouraged or how often we are set prayer now."I am grateful, my There is a real spirit of brotherhood

back, we must begin again and again, brothers and sisters, for the support and fellowship in the Church. It's a

if necessary, and earnestly pursue the of our families. very powerful thing, somewhat intangipurposes of life, full of faith for the I am grateful for the spirit of this ble, but very real. I feel it, as do my

future. Enduring to the end is exceedgreat latterday work. I am grateful associates, as we travel throughout the

ingly important. Pursuing the opporfor my brethren among whom I labor stakes and wards of Zion and throughtunities and the duties of every day is for their support, their confidence, and out the missions of the earth. It matexceedingly important, and repenting go. ters faith. not meet their has responded where we My heart We may

while there is still time to repent is also in at this priesthood, conferone the in a given with group to every message exceedingly important. ence and every testimony that has been of the stakes, or out in one of the mis-

I hope that we may set our lives in borne. sions, but there is always that feeling

order, and that our Father will bless My soul echoed the sentiments exof fellowship and brotherhood. It is

these young people of ours, whether pressed in behalf of our great leader, one of the sweet things in connection they be called to the service of their President George F. Richards. I loved with membership in the Church and

country or whatever in righteousness him almost as a son loves a father. I kingdom of God. I have felt it way

they may be called upon to do, and recall vividly standing in his presence up in Alaska as I met with our brethgive strength I felt it far there. them in his beren up with and faith, him and sisters and let—alone

be ofthem misthe for Prussia, the good courage, shores in fore I left help throughout office—justof wartorn and East

them to keep their lives wellbalanced Europe. I recall his last words of sions of Europe, down in Mexico, in

and always to keep their feet firmly counsel. I shall never forget them and some of the islands of the sea, and

on solid rock. May he bless all of us the sweet embrace which he gave me throughout this land of Zion. It is

with all our problems, with our famias I was about to leave on that emervery real. Oh, I know, my brethren

lies, with our professions, with our gency mission under the direction of and sisters, it isn't what it should be;

work, and with all that is ours to underthe First Presidency. it isn't what it could be; it isn't what

take in life. I was happy to hear the words the Lord would have it be, but never1012 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

theless, there is nothing like it in all the world. It is one of the marks of

the divinity of this great latterday work, and I rejoice in it. The most

important thing of all, to me, is the spirit of this great work in which we are engaged. It is that spirit which

brings to our souls a conviction of the divinity of this work. One cannot

fully explain it, and yet it is very powerful and very real.

One of my nonMormon friends who passed away only a few days ago, who was rather prominently known, who wrote for national magazines, and was chairman of the board of trustees of one of our great universities, some months ago came to this city to address a meeting of dairymen, most of whom were members of the Church.

After the meeting was over, he came up to my home for the purpose of a visit and a renewal of friendship. As

I drove him back to the hotel that night, he turned to me, after being quiet for several moments, and said, "I don't know what it is, but each time I come among your people I experience something that I never experience anywhere else in the world.It's an intangible thing, but it's very HOTEL UTAH

real.""I've tried added, to analyze He

it; triedit; I've to describe the One of America's but

best thing I can do is to say that every Best Loved time I come among your people, I get a spiritual uplift. What is it that gives Dining Spots

me that feeling which I get nowhere else?"MAX CARPENTER, Manager

Brethren and sisters, what is it?

You feel it. We feel it in these great

conferences of the Church. We feel it

in theout stakes feel it of Zion. We

littlein good eating for the branch or in meetings meetings with missionaries in the far parts of the earth. It's a sweet thing. It's a

priceless thing. It is a mark of the

divinity of this great work in which we are engaged.

I recall while living in the East some years ago, I invited one of my good friends, not a of the member Church, its*** to attend our meeting. sacrament He oofle i1 boVc\n9 thatpromised he would sometime. tS*l she %

. I by; wentWeeks ovTde< met him on the

oPPestreet one following day a Rotary Ptd\om bre -lonluncheon, and he up to 5 shoe* said, "I was YtopPed) your meeting last Sunday night, but % **#?* ce\etV

you weren't there."I explained that

visiting anotherI was ward, then and?: in saidhe to answer inquiry.ate. to as my ISP- A f** i*e * 375,e added whether he enjoyed the meeting, "Yes,

s itoI it, pout enjoyed especially spirit the of, tcandard it, but,"he said, "I wish you would Su&6eStell thing. is it me one that destfed. Why

when your people come to the end of a meeting is and the benediction said &rifos MMthat they don't seem place to have anyto go?"He said, "That group stood Fritoscrisp,u crunchy Fritos—are a real Ask For'FREtTOSe*

up, recognizing the meeting was over, flavor treat! They're filled with sunripened TRULY KRISP

but just they stood there visited and goodness'for tempting meals. corn holiday AND TENDER visited untiland I I thought never was Fritos of are corn. chips golden Grandgoing to get out of that building. Finalsalads, soups, in casseroles with hot and (j-olden I into Chips of Corn /.*:(>>ok <J? gotly, when it the foyer, was

favorite too. recipes, other Fritos Getmore congested than ever."that Well,

is a further evidence of this spirit at food stores or eating places... they're

rich always crunchyfresh, in flavorthis spirit of love, this spirit of brothergoodness. fritos Los Angeles, Calif. THE FRITO CO., is thathood so real, brethren and my

sisters, in the Church.

(Continued on following page) Enjoy Fritos in Your Favorite Recipes

DECEMBER 1950 1013 Ezra Taft Benson Continued We witness it in our missionary us the assurance that if we live rightactivities. WHAT IS YOUR called to my1 recallmind vividly,by the remarksand it wasof ifeously,we humbleif we keepourselveshis commandments,before him, all

this afternoon, standwill I turn be well. passages to two

of HAIR PROBLEM ingBrotheron theSonneshores wartorn Europe I'd of scripture today which like to following the war and watching the read:

mission presidents—several of whom... Be strong and of a good courage;

are here before me this afternoon be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed:

come back to the shores of Europe. for the Lord thy God is with thee wither-

I wondered in my heart, What is it soever thou goest. (Joshua 1:9.)

that causes them to leave the comforts This was the Lord's admonition to

MEN of their homes and come over to these his son, Joshua, encouraging him to

Hair dry, lifeless, unruly, full of wartorn lands where there is a shorttrust in God. Joshua answered that

dandruff? L.B adds natural age of everything necessary for civiadmonition in counsel to his people

lubrication, grooms, helps control lized living? What is it that causes a in these words:

sell his to grocery business and dandruff. man

... this choose ye will day you whom into his up third come on way Norway

. for serve;.. but as and me my house, we is it that mission? causes a man What will the (Ibid., serve Lord. 24:15.)

sell his to in business California down and go up to Sweden? What is it Embodied in these two passages of

that caused a man to turn over his scripture are the two principal essenfurniture business in Salt Lake City tials for security and peace: first, trust

WOMEN andtorn comeHolland,overwhereto thethereshoreswasof shortwar- into God;keep theand commandments,second, a determinationto serve

Hair hard to manage? Won't age of food, shortage of clothing, the Lord, to do that which is right.

"take"a permanent? Split ends? shortage of fuel and transportation, Latterday Saints who live according

L.B. softens, preserves waves, and where there were practically no to these two admonitions—trust in

keeps hair sparkling and lovely. comforts? What is it that causes a God and keep the commandments

man to leave his chair in a university have nothing to fear.

surrounded by all the comforts earned The Lord has made it very clear

FOR by a long life of service and go back in the revelations that even though

THE HAIR into wartorn France? And so on. I times become perilous, even though

NEW L.B. tell you, my brethren and sisters, it is we be surrounded by temptation and

CREAMED marvelous. There isn't anything like it sin, even though there be a feeling

SHAMPOO anywhere. of insecurity, even though men's hearts IF YOUR HAIR M%g Wbat is it that causes our young may fail them and anxiety fill their

NEEDS HELP...IT NEEDS L.B missionaries to want to go out and souls, if we only trust in God and

serve without any hope of material keep his commandments we need have reward? I interviewed one of them no fear.

down in a California stake recently. In modern revelation the Lord has

We couldn't accept him because he pointed this out very clearly. Even

wasn't old enough. He broke down before the Church was organized,

and cried. He said, "Brother Benson, when there were only a handful of

ever since I was a deacon I've wanted people following the leadership of the to go on a mission."He stated, "The boy Prophet, the Lord said to his

last few months my fiancee and I have Saints, been planning my mission and what Therefore, fear not, little flock; do good;

would follow, and what support she let earth and hell combine against you, for would give while I was out in the if ye are built upon my rock, they cannot field.'* And he told how his parents prevail....

had prayed that the time might come Look unto me in every thought; doubt

that he would be considered worthy not, fear not. (D. & C. 6:34, 36.)

to go out and represent the Church He has also said, in the world. Nearly six thousand of... it is my purpose to provide for my

them are out in the world as we meet saints, for all things are mine. (Ibid.,

RAIN BIRD hereforce today.back of Whatit? is the impelling 104:15.)My brethren and sisters, it is not

How did the Prophet Joseph know going to be enough just passively to

Sprinklers as a young man that men and women accept the teachings, standards, and would respond to the call to fill misideals of the Church. It will require

Their even distribution of sions, to go out into the world reprereal activity, real dedication to the water and faultless operation senting an unpopular cause, to carry principles of righteousness if we are assure increased production this glorious message? How did he to face the future unafraid. But if

at lower costs on row crops, pasknow that the Saints, when and if they we have the courage, sound judgment, ture, orchard or garden. accepted the gospel, would respond to and the faith so to do, then no matter

the call of gathering and come to Zion. what happens we will be able to face

Yes, the spirit of this work, my brethany situation with courage and with ren and sisters, is a marvelous and a faith and with the assurance that God

TREMENDOUS priceless thing. will sustain us. I know this to be WATER this critical during period, and true, and sisters. Now I know my brethren SAVINGS!

it is a critical period are passthat we is the time probably more that now

Write Today I ing will through, hope keep than any other that we

Details. For Complete in spirit burning ever the of our hearts the gospel. Wetimeshouldin ournotlivesbe tolulledlive

this great work which we represent. If away into a false security as Nephi

RAN BIRD Sprinkler Mfg.Co. wehavedonoso, fear;we'll we'llhave notno anxiety;worry aboutwe'll saidWe shouldmany wouldnot be bepacifiedin the andlast feeldays.in GLENDORA, CALIFORNIA the future because the Lord has given our hearts that we can sin a little,

1014 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that we can attend to our meetings part of the time, that we can pay a token tithing, that we can live thegospel when it is convenient, and all 7ftAT will be well. We must not be "at

ease in Zion"and say, "Zion prospereth, all is well."But we must live the

gospel plan every day of our lives in its fulness. Therein is safety. Therein

will come a satisfaction which comes from righteous living which will enter our hearts, give us the courage and the is thatstrength we need. There no Hr.

sinunrighteousness.security in The

live in despair. always oldback Secret Recipe brings

mission. great a have We fulWe ANEW goodness. Tastes so much time bread old. both young prepared, andbe mustWe

must stand as a leaven among the nabetter than ordinary white breads. If your

tions, true to the principles of rightdealer is sold out today, ask him to reserve a loaf or a package of rolls tomorrow. eousness.We need to be humble. We need

to be grateful. We need as families

to kneel in family prayer, night and morning. Just a few words added to

the blessing on the food, which is becoming the custom in some parts, is not 5*\fi&sW$&enough. We need to get onto our

knees in prayer and gratitude, as Alma admonished. (See Alma 34.) We need

the spirit of reverence in our houses of worship referred to by President 1

McKay in his beautiful address last iW night at priesthood meeting. We need

to the Sabbath keep day holy. We jc ff> to close our businesses on Sunneed

Saints, refrainday, as Latterday and from purchases Sab- v* 1f* making on the

Webath needexceptto inrefraincases fromof emergency.going to k

moving pictures on the Sabbath, and if we are operating show houses, we should close them on Sunday. We

should not seek IDEAL FOR HIS CHRISTMAS * * day.on the Sabbath pleasureWe shouldin any standform * *

firm in opposition to Sunday baseball and other amusements regardless of Six great volumes what much of the Christian world may do. We should oppose gambling inall of its forms including the parimutuel $9.80

betting at horse races referred to so effectively by Brother Moyle. We

should refrain from the habit of cardplaying against which we have been DOCUMENTARY HISTORY counseled by the leaders of the

Church. should united in stand We OF THE CHURCHopposition to distribution the wider

and use of alcohol and other things Volumes 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 declared by the Lord to be harmful. Authentic dayto-day journal of the career of the Church

If the commandments, we keep we through the vital, formative first years. From the Prophetwill refrain joining from secret ordersand lodges. Our first allegiance will Joseph Smith's personal record, and including—VOLbe to the Church and the priesthood UME 7, 1951 TEXTBOOK FOR MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTquorums. We will attend our meetHOOD

ings. families will take our with We THE APOSTOLIC INTERREGNUM

us to sit the sacrament meeting and with them and worship with them. If (The history of the Church from 1844 to 1847, during

we keep the commandments, we will which time the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles was the pay our tithes and offerings, our fast executive authority of the church.)

offerings, and our welfare contributions. We will respond to the calls Individual volumes $1.75, the set, as above $9.80. We prepay

in the Church, and we will not resign postage on cash, retail orders. All prices are subject

from office when called under the to change without notice.

authority of the Holy Priesthood. We

will follow the counsel of the leadership of the Church and call our families together periodically in home DESERET BOOK COMPANYevenings in order that the home might 44 East South Temple—P. O. Box 958

be safeguarded and the solidarity of SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH the family increased. We will read

DECEMBER 1950 1015 Ezra Taft Benson cw.inuec

the scriptures in our homes as the en a man 5aM, will has not admonishedLord us. We Mviolate the sacred covenants have we

taken upon ourselves in the waters ofbaptism and in the temples of the "I AM NOT

Lord, nor will we desecrate or cast to one side the garments of the Holy

Priesthood. We will attend to our

temple work. We will become saviorson Mount Zion in very deed. RELIGIOUS'

If we keep the commandments we'll citizens. ourbe We'll exercise good LeGRAND RICHARDS 5u aJLe Tirana IKicharaS

right to follow the vote. We'll

counsel which the Lord has given PRESIDING BISHOP in the revelations regarding our obligation to seek out "honest men and (D.wise C. 98:8-10) men"& who is told to they thing ought the sisters, be from brothers how and

will for principle, will stand men who in I are the of they payment the wonderful soul thank of depths my MY principle political ofput ahead exin their offerings, tithes their helpof and being privilege for the Lord will faithpediency. of seek men We in sending to build meetinghouses, ing sesin the with to here worship you

inbelieve the Constitutionwho was field, in their into mission the I of boys think this conference. sions of

this thatspired nation and a has great welfare with the helping program he the of the when Master wordsspiritual If living foundation. are we projof in the buying into the Church, of stone the to turn tempted was in feelthe will gospel, hearts our we in helping budget, with the ects and the that Son he to prove bread was Firstthat the of the Presidency in their the maintaining is wards, and written, "It replied, of God. He right, not the onlyChurch have but to things asked other been have they alone, live shall bread not by Man alsoare duty under to heaven bound Chilwith, as Primary the help such that proceedeth every but word bygive counsel subject any on which hospital, the Relief Society dren's (Matt. of of God."the out mouthaffects the spiritual or temporal wel- I fieldhouse."the building, I and been sure 4:4.) have BYU we am Andfare the Saints, of Latterday regard-

I tell in goes heart admirayou, out life the eternal during of my fed the breadless of whether or not some men may for tion, in the to thanksgiving this God conference. sessions ofthink political such counsel have may I Saints, faith the and Latterday of indialready has Smith Presidentimplications.

We must stand firm for that which Richards.cated that II wouldam a sonlike ofto Georgetake thisF. loveI havethem.hadForto overdo withtwelvetheyearsfinancialnow

we know to be right, my brothers and occasion, representing his family, to affairs of this Church, and we haven't sisters, and uphold these men who express appreciation to those who have passed one year that the Saints haven't have been sustained as our leaders paid tribute to Father during the sespaid a greater tithing than the year bein Israel. this All modern we this fore. already are ahead away this the many, sions of conference and We

more, theand gospel. if we live I last year. don't think over will Wedo, they their year written friends have who many

will ourselves keep clean unspotted and sacrifices, are because making undue passing Father's tributes away. since

will livefrom the lives of I We effort faith the that every have that thought. said they he of have Many

purity. to be true our wives Weworld.will in forth the building the they up of put finest that ever the of one men was

families.and We will live according his son, lived. As

to the gospel plan.

I don't that you knowI wouldof anylikemanto thattell kingdomof the prophet,of Godasshallbreadbe castin theuponwordsthe

May God bless us, my brothers and I think lived nearer the Lord than my water which after many days shall resisters, that we may trust in God and father. When he spoke in prayer, he turn.

keep his commandments. That is all just talked to the Lord. And when he When I was a boy, my father said,

the Lord expects of us. Joy and made a promise to me, it was just the "My son, there is no organization or

happiness will enter our hearts as we same as if the Lord had made it. He corporation or institution in this world

do so. It is the wicked who flee when has left us a great heritage and a great that will pay you as great dividends on

no man pursueth. The righteous are responsibility, and I hope his posterity the investment of your time and your

bold as a lion. People who live will not fail him. talents and your means as the Church

righteously have nothing to fear. In I should like also to mention Brother of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."

spite of the turmoil, anxiety, and inRoscoe Eardley. Brother Roscoe and After nearly fifty years since my father

security which may seem to be every- I had much in common. We each filled made me that promise, I stand before

where, we will be able to stand erect two missions in Holland; we each preyou to say that I have seen it verified

and go forward with courage and sided over that mission. Roscoe was in the lives of the Latterday Saints

faith. We must not compromise with a great missionary, and the Dutch peoand the lives of my own family, and

evil. "They enslave their children's ple loved him. He loved the Church, of my own loved ones. And so I say,

children who make compromise with and he was loyal to it in every way. God bless the Saints for their faith and

sin."I also worked side by side with Brother for their integrity.

God bless us to live the gospel, to Frank Evans in the Church offices, Brother Benson has just talked of be grateful for all that we have and and I think he was one of the grandest the marvelous sacrifices being made to are, and for all that we enjoy, in this men it has ever been my privilege to carry on the great missionary work of the kingdom of God, I humbly pray, know. And I thank God for the presthe Church; then there is the building

and I bear fervent testimony to you ence of Brother Thomas E. McKay of meetinghouses. We have about

to the truth of the words that have in this meeting. We have been praying four hundred of them in the course of

been spoken at this conference, in the for you, Brother McKay, for months, construction at the present time, and name of Jesus Christ. Amen. and we thank the Lord that you are the way the Saints sacrifice in order to

here to worship with us on this ocraise their portion of the money, to me, casion. is a marvelous thing. My daughter

While riding to my conference a called me a few nights ago after I had week ago last Saturday, one of my retired. She said, "Daddy, I was afraid

There is no freedom anywhere companions said, "Bishop, what do the you were in bed, but we just came from outside the gospel—Brighamof salvation.Young. Saintsthing else?"need toI beanswered,told more "Thethan anyone our ward, and {Continuedwe raised tonighton page fifteen1018)

1016 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

<rf Peace Hlind is the Guiding Star to..

|kace on CartJ)

When a man finds peace of mind there is little chance that he will harm his brother... but when a nation loses contact with its Creator, there lies a threat

to the peace of all the world. Throughout America and the nations that are

free there is today a return to religion... a quest again for spiritual values.

Please God that this in time may grow into a clarion call to break the shackles of the oppressed and bring the dream of peace everlasting to all mankind.

The beautiful edifice above is the new Mountain ViewMonte Vista Ward Chapel of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints;

Young & Ehlers, architects. Masonry work by

Thomas B. Child & Co. Brick furnished by

Interstate Brick Co., manufacturers of burned

clay products.

interstate prick Company 3100 SOUTH 11th EAST # SALT LAKE CITY

DECEMBER 1950 1017

LeGrand Richards Continued thousand dollars to make the final payand Savior, Jesus Christ. At least

ment on our meetinghouse."And she that is my appraisal of it. I think that

added, "To cap the climax, the bishop is what the Lord had in mind when gave another thousand."I say God he said in a revelation to the Prophet

bless the Saints and leaders like that. Joseph Smith,

to sent out This was same daughter verily behold, But the into collect home She went money. are there many who I havesay untobeen you,ordainedthat

of one student. He'd given his part, among you, whom I have called but few

but they had to have more. The buildof them are chosen.

ing cost more than they had anticiThey who are not chosen have sinned pated. He said, "Well, now, I don't a very grievous sin, in that they are walkknow where I can get it tonight, but ing in darkness at noonday. (D. & C.

give me a few days; come back again."95:5-6.)

He gathered up his books that he had The noonday is the brightest period finished using at school and took them of the day, and with all this glorious to the university and sold them to get truth about us, some walk in darkness.

money to pay another contribution on When the Lord has withdrawn his meetinghouse. the

Sister meetingdedicate to a ago a few weeks the of adult group the We represent stories the heard house. we When are Priesthood, many of whom of Aaronic ESSE Richards and I were in Idaho says:Spirit, "Well,and oneI'mwalksnot religious."in darkness, he

sacrificed, they Saints, had those how brother wrote indifferent. good One show the we were thrilled. One good sister told in and inquired: "How can a man efhad and her taken she had cow how soul his ot annihilation fect complete a Betsy! to heavens

it on stood up, killed cut had and and he because his body?"Why, and

particlittle In your fact, show the street once town of you the corner the commandments observed not has to upstairs to get ular Betsy how in to order selling beef sandwiches his attending not of was God. He Zephyr's""California the of one meetinghouse. for that portion raise her the praying; so not meetings. was He are worries your five VistaDomes,

tell of isn't to time more you There left and withdrew Spirit the of Lord impossible the over. You done have

I to say stories. want do But these the a dreaded solved darkness; in...you and have when walking him

will the keep just as long that Lord as "whatshall-l-donow-mother?"little in has darkness, he walks man

first the hearts for in the faith of that perhaps problem! kind putting Now, to. look forward to hope

trip! to your enjoy free time,you are can't just Saints, of you the Latterday is religious, not says he a man When growing. from stop the kingdom No "California the that love Children believes that he he does mean

I it. can in under do heaven the And eating power love they Zephyr"; it all? the In will that dies end he when

love faith. Buffet Lounge; Diner or for your the thank God of the speaking Savior, the of words love of all, they most and, scenery; I for their Saints shall the love as said: of he "They Now, Noah, days in VistaDomes! the riding

I feel and also remorse faithfulness, drink, eat, let us and make say, come,

And we love children! Those sorrow for those who fail to have that merry, for tomorrow we die."Does it

halffare; for travel twelve under it are faith, for will those of that kind end who that he believes not mean

five, accomfree (when under those for life part, those this "If willing only in to who said that do their all? Paul guardian). or panied by parent

all their meetattending of are discontinued in Christ, have hope we have we ings. Brigham Young said that when men most miserable."(I Cor. 15:19.)

we fail to attend our sacrament meetAnd the Savior said, the prayers, our ings observe and if he it profit shall a man, For what himSpirit of the withdraw Lord will his lose the world, and shall gain whole self, and a spirit of darkness will come own soul? Or what shall a man give in

over us. Now there are a great many exchange for his soul? (Mark 8:3637.)

people in our midst who have ceased attending their meetings, and who Oh, I tell you, brothers and sisters, do not observe their prayers. Some of the glorious gospel that we have is

them are near to us, some of them are worth more than all the wealth in the dear to us, but the Lord does withdraw world.

More to do... more to see his Spirit. Just within the last week I When a man says he is not religious,

aboard the VistaDome had a woman in my office who told me does he mean that he would not be how her husband had quit doing his interested if religion could tell him duty and how the Lord had withdrawn where he came from, why he is here, his Spirit. She said, "Sometimes I and where he is going? Does he mean

think he is almost possessed of the that he is not interested in these things, devil."Well, the Lord knew that we when he says he is not religious? Supcould not be disobedient to his compose you had never seen your own

mandments and still enjoy his Spirit. father, and yet you had had communi-

I want to read the twelfth verse of the cations from him from Europe or elseninety-fifth section of the Doctrine and where, and he had been kind to you,

THE MOST TALKEDABOUT TRAIN Covenants. but conditions hadn't been such that

IN THE COUNTRY you could visit him. Wouldn't you

Daily between Salt Lake City If you keep not my commandments, the want to see your own father? Wouldand San Francisco love of the Father shall not continue with n't you some day want to be acquaintyou, therefore, you shall walk in darkness. ed with him and enjoy his association?

And when people walk in darkness, Paul tells us that they cannot love the brethren; they... we have had fathers of our flesh

us, corrected them Cwe gave and love which the Lord; they cannot love cannot

in shall rather reverence: be not much we this great love cannot people; the they

spirits, of the subjection Father unto and

Latterday cause, the greatest movelive? (Heb. 12:9.)

ment the world has ever known, aside from the great atonement of the Lord When religion can teach us that we 1018 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA are the very offspring of God the Eternal Father, how could any of us not look forward longingly to the day when he will take us by the hand and say, ".. Well done, thou good and

faithful servant: thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee

ruler over many things: enter thou into

the joy of thy lord?"(Matt. 25:21.)

If what we read in the Pearl of

Great Price is true, that those who were faithful in keeping their first estate should be added upon, (and there isn't time to discuss how marvelously those who have kept their first estate have been added upon) but that more blessed is he who keeps his second estate, for he shall be added upon forever and forever, does a man mean when he says, "I am not religious,"that he would not like to be added upon forever and forever? There is

an eternal life, and we have that right awaiting us if we will just live for it.

Does a man mean, when he says he is not religious, that he does not care whether his wife and his children belong to him throughout the countless ages of eternity, that they mean nothing to him?

I was in the Arizona Temple not so long ago. We spent a day there, and

the Primary teachers of one of the wards brought their children to do baptismal work for the dead. While

the children were doing this work, we held a testimony meeting with the teachers, and in that meeting sister after sister stood up (their husbands were not active in the Church), and with tears in their eyes, they bore their testimonies and said that the greatest desire of their hearts was for the day to come when their husbands could take them into the temple of God and be sealed to them for time and all eternity, that they might have claim on them and their children.

Do we mean when we say we are not religious that we do not care anything about such matters?

How are we going to find out these things? You remember the story of

the rich man and Lazarus, how Lazarus died into received and was Abraham's the intobosom and rich man torment. 9b* Mt gukt frtlron*

He called to father Abraham and said:

"Have mercy on me, and send Lazarus, that he may dip the tip of his finger in water, and cool my tongue; for I am

tormented in this flame."Father Abraham explained that there was a gulf

between them. Then the rich man's

thoughts turned to his five brothers still the earth,who were upon and he said, thee "I pray therefore, Six! BOOK OF MORMON GUIDE BOOK Father,

that thou wouldest BIRRELL by send to VERLA him my father's IPOK OF house:

$4.15 PRICE INCLUDING POSTAGE, SPECIAL XMAS

I five "For have brethren; that he price $5.00) (Regular

testify untomay them, lest they also of Gift Lasting Value: ''A Valuable fpilii this intocome place of torment."

saith Abraham unto him, have "They iiia Name let and theMoses prophets; hear them - - Address mmm.them."City and State

And the rich man said: "Nay, Father Send check or money order. Offer good only with this company

Abraham: but if one went unto them and until December 31, 1950.

from the dead, they will repent."

Father Abraham said: "If they hear Birrell Book Co.

(Continued on following page) *i+*>*i+*M+*t***>,M*M**I**M**'Mt*> P. O. Box 952 Salt Lake City, Utah

DECEMBER 1950 1019 LeGrand Richards Continued

it is all IsaiahOrgan ComeBack willnot theyMosesbe persuaded,and the prophets,though oneneitherrose theseChurchlatterand days,kingdomto meon the earth in from the dead."(See Luke 16:2231.) described it to be when he said the

I pray that God will put it into the Lord would proceed to do a marvelous hearts of our loved ones and those work and a wonder, and the wisdom

Well Founded offaithfulthe Saintsas theyof shouldZion whobe, whoare donot notas theof theirunderstandingwise menofshouldtheir prudentperish, menand think they are religious, that they will should be hid. God help us to touch

Superb Organ Music realize that we do not only have Moses the hearts of those who cannot see and and the prophets, but also the living who are walking in darkness, and God

For LowBudget Needs prophets of God who are sent to show bless you faithful Latterday Saints for sweeping the Nation is a new apus the way; that they will listen unto your integrity and your devotion to

preciation for the fundamental charm of them. When I think of all the Lord has his great cause, I humbly pray in the

homeorgan music, and what it provides in revealed in the establishment of his name of the Lord, Jesus Christ. Amen.

entertainment and education for all age and.0'''-C'''<-'?'0<'0'-0'6

social groups... and at such amazingly low

cost. A century of experience in organcraft 7?

is your guarantee that your Estey instrument will be musically exact, choice in design, */ r5 Kalled Jodt mechanically perfect and basically an heirloom medium of musical culture. BY RICHARD L. EVANS

so adaptable, too, for beginners in Cometimes we become impatient with the present. We

music, so responsive in its span for complete see its evils, its uncertainties, its imperfections, and effects,orchestral so and complete in choice different. things will be for when the day eagerly we wish

the veryof models... from lowcost foldimmortal that would hope man expected It is proper and

ing, junior, the through the miniature, the spinet, the symphonic, the cathedral. for and have faith in a finer future—but of utmost imEstey leads, too, in the field of tailoredto- portance also is the power to appreciate the present. No

need pipe organs for Churches and Instimatter what far futures lie before us (and we earnestly tutions. believe that they are limitless and everlasting ), yet always

we live in the present. We may sometimes rebel at all the

uncertainties and at all the undisclosed events, but those who would always force the future, who are overly impatient for it to unfold, may let the happiness and opportunities and obligations of the present pass them by. Even

if we could positively foresee the road far ahead, this wouldn't alter the fact that we always live now. And happiness, after all, isn't so much a matter of rushing the

future as it is of learning to "respect... the present hour."1

To be blind and indifferent to the possibilities for happiness today is too much like closing our eyes on an endless journey and always wondering when we are going to "get there."There is always that which leads us on, that

MODELS FOR which keeps us full of faith concerning the everlasting

HOME, CLUB future, but an important part of happiness comes with

OR CHURCH Write today for illuslearning to live each day—in the quiet companionship of

trated folder and dealers'loved ones, with useful and wellloved work willingly done, ordering Direct name. is and with gratitude for friends, for food, for each day's if easy there's no $135 UP made

Plus Tax nearby Estey dealership. protection, and for each day's endurance. Whatever we

and Freight would alter, whatever evils we would outlaw, this is our day, our generation, and we had better2 learn to live and

PLAYER -SALESMEN MAKE GOOD MONEY to "labor while it is called today,"being mindful of each

Write for details and open territory day's opportunities and obligations. The far future may

be better. We doubt not that it will. But when the

future comes, it will be called the "present."When toCORP ESTEY ORGAN

I Braftleboro 6, Vermor morrow comes, it will be called "today."i! "This... is the

labors. their one of the to for perform And day men1

I Illustrated FREE Brochure. would like yourJ of happiness surest gifts sources of the great of life—one

f Please Estey dealer. nearest name is the present. to appreciate the power

Name. 1 Emerson, Experience.

2Doc. and Cov., 64:25.

sBook of Mormon, Alma 34:32.

Jke J>poken WoJ"FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, OCTOBER 1, 1950 "V2 anf"up Vo"00 Copyright, 1950 1020 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a...it beeometh us to fulfil all

RIGHTEOUSNESS"& have just listened to the Preof the Church BishopYousiding of (-'resident teorae J4lbert Smith

Saints, Latterday of Jesus Christ

LeGrand Richards, and while he has people did not believe in Christianity. I Suffer it to be so now: for thus it bebeen talking, I have been thinking of know of no people in the world who cometh us to fulfil all righteousness.

this great audience. Reference has believe as firmly in the divine mission Then he suffered him."(Matt. 3:14been made repeatedly to missionary of Jesus Christ as does the member15.) And Jesus of Nazareth went down

work. We have been told that we ship of the Church of Jesus Christ of into the water and was baptized by

have nearly six thousand missionaries Latterday Saints. I remember I have John, and when he came up out of the

out in the world today. Of course had many people say to me, "Why, water, the Holy Ghost came and dethey are coming and going all the you people do not even believe in scended upon him in the form of a

time. For a small church, such as Jesus Christ."dove.

said, "This little heaven from a a voice membership having are, Andwe is the matter I said, have "What

I well in six Son, am is million, whom approximately a than my belovedmore in believe Jesus If not do with you? we be there (Ibid., is Could 3:17.) marvelous pleased."a missionariesthousand the call the Church, Christ, do we why

that? Our definite than the I at sit looking anything more hererecord. As Christ?"of Jesus Church inall that I contains that Bible wonderful the and of womenfaces men it I called didn't you know "Oh,

course. of more, I here much and people formation see can here, andknow it called the that, I thought Morwas

that think we or it into people say mind all over, came myfrom When replied. they have Church,"mon of mission divine in the of believe you not question: do the manyto ask How

I I a conference attended remember that let we them Christ, misknow longer or fulfilled Jesus twoyear ahave it once, so happened in and Canada in teaches Bible all the that your believe Raise lifetime? duringsion your

I in during remarks referred that my the believe him. to This reference much. veryhands. you We Thank in divine the faith to our evening the his people organized he of story Sometimesis how Church. missionary a that Christ, beof mission we Jesus eventually, and them, taught how the think, and from way we mightpeople the prepared that the lieved way Lord he people, his of insistence own bank, at the are a that finance,refer to we of Nazareth; of the Jesus for coming of representatives the crucified buildof by the not. was Think arebut we his and mother to be prepared Mary for any not government; the this one block, every Roman on that areings father. earthly his as act to Joseph he because but done, he ago. had This years wrong builtof many them dein to attempt then an Herod, And that live to among built too good temple were was thetabernacle and the that decree sent a out him, stroy people. people of our whenin the poverty very country the in and Bethlehem children not that all that. was But believe here to trying homes makethey were We old years two were roundabout who tells that he us Bible end. the But The mountains. these of valleysin the

slain, to he and be under were and cross the from taken down been said, had "seek yethe Lord first,"—not greatest of butchers the one became placed crucified... and been first he had the where kingdomlast—"seek ye

all time. took of and Mary Joseph of Arimathea. of in Joseph the tomb and his righteousness;of and God, of the land from departed and Jesus the days, women when three After shall untoall added be things these

their their birth and went and home spices and with the to tomb went (Matt'. 6:33.)you."

into returned Egypt. They down for his prepare body I things to other I approxias have, travel, When died, king that later had wicked when they found customary, in as burial in world, the was miles million amately

in the Nazareth and up grew and boy beempty. They the in that was world, tomb the places nations andmany section. that in he places other When stand- I around. looking was of Mary here, gan not know do backand come his old, with years went twelve he was when weeping sepulchre the ing near more people have place whereany

temple. the parents to were They thought she someone she who do saw blessings than we andcomforts

in the services to temthere perform where asked gardener. She the years that this in 103 was place right here

those with good customary as was and said, "Mary,"and was, Jesus He land, one ple only with a desertago was in those days. people Hebrew When I voice. suppose his recognized she valley. in this tree growing My started they home, and Joseph Mary but him, embraced have would first Mary the comwith camegrandfather

to returned boy. the missed They not for I not; said, am "Touch he me 143 pioneers. were There ofpany reasoning him found and Jerusalem Father"(John to yet ascended my children. and three two women,men,

temple. in the the wise men When his after three days was six with five for or here been After he had 20:17)—that for his parents reproached by tell his he was to and go friends his of years, nonMormon one crucifixion—but

his anxiety, such answer causing them instrucother her brethren, gave and Smith, "President him, why asked

I that "... wist be not must ye was, tions. all that and leave Nauvoo did you

fine country back there in New York about my Father's business?"(Luke Not very long after that, his disand Missouri and come out to this 2:49.) Remember he was only twelve ciples were gathered together in a

Godforsaken land?"years old. room; because of their fear of their

The reply of my grandfather was, When Jesus became a man, he went enemies, the door was closed. All at

"Why, we came here willingly, beto the River Jordan where John was once he materialized in that room cause we had to."baptizing "because there was much he did not have to wait for a door or

In other words, the people, about water there,"and he needed more than a window to open. Thomas, who had

the of the time present at been of not basin a a teacup or they of them, when thousand twenty been Jesus, of had appearance previous Illinois, tofull—Jesusbecome the Nazareth, was who had their from were expelled

choice. They could have stayed there Savior of the world, went to John told by the disciples. Realizing that

and lived with those socalled Chrisand applied for baptism, and John, there was some doubt in the mind of tians (I want to emphasize that), or recognizing him as an unusual charThomas, Jesus said, "... Reach hither

they could leave and come out here acter, said, "... I have need to be thy finger, and behold my hands; and

and live with the Indians. That was baptized of thee, and comest thou to reach hither thy hand, and thrust it into

their choice. They preferred the Inme?"my side."{Ibid., 20:27.)

dians. Now that was not because our "And Jesus answering said unto him, (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1950 1021 different places. I am grateful for

President George Albert Smith Continued those friendships, but I will not be satisfied until I ran share with them some

And when Thomas had done it, he to the test. As he knelt there, the of the things which they have not yet

cried out, "My Lord and my God."adversary sought to overpower him received. And that is the thing we

suddenly stricken, but the body and he 20:28.) was(Ibid., it is He identified our minds; our keep in a must

glorified light cross. bright appeared. seen on the one he had the Twoas Let the word. to bear responsibility

And then the Savior said, "Thomas, Beings were standing in the air above us do the things the Lord wants us because thou hast seen me, thou hast him in the woods near Palmyra, New to do and keep his commandments believed: blessed are they that have York. He saw them, and they asked and be worthy of the blessings that we

not seen, and yet have believed."him what he wanted, and he asked enjoy that are superior to those of

{Ibid., 20:29.) But that was not the which of all the churches he should most people in all the world.

end. He said to his disciples, "And join. One of them spoke to him and This is the closing session of this

other sheep I have, which are not of said, pointing to the other, "This is great conference. It will be another

this fold: them also I must bring, and My Beloved Son. Hear Him!"(Pearl six months before we are again brought

they shall hear my voice; and there of Great Price, Joseph Smith 2:17.) together in this capacity, as far as we

shall be one fold, and one shepherd."Almost the same language that was know now. But in that six months

(Ibid., 10:16.) Refoccur. what may know do not Jesus came we What that fact did he mean? We do not know usedup outbyof thethe watersFather ofwhenbaptism—"This to the been has made erence

is another there Bible, butfrom the Son, in am whom I our of is my beloved and some boys of our well many history the record,glorious when 3:17.) So of the pleased."(Matthew taken away being already girls are

ancestors of the American Indians, Joseph the boy wanted to know what preparatory for another war. War is

another scripture, the Book of Morto do, he was told by the Savior himthe result of sin, not righteousness.

mon, and in this scripture is recorded self. And if we want to avoid war and

how he fulfilled that promise of going I say to you we not only have all avoid the responsibilities that come, to his other sheep. At the time of that the world has with regard to the our duty is to keep the commandments

his crucifixion this earth was rent, and divinity of the mission of Jesus Christ of God, and he has promised that if the mountains were made valleys, the as recorded in the Bible. But also we we will do that we will enjoy blessvalleys were made mountains, and have the story of another book, known ings that we cannot enjoy in any other

buildings were destroyed, and many as the Book of Mormon, and the acway.

of the people who lived on the land count of his appearing in this western I am happy to be with you today.

looklives. been their lost had tradition of which the They hemisphere, time. a wonderful We have had has We should the Savior the since; and Indians ing for ever time when been choir among the this wonderful to are grateful

come, for Samuel, the Lamanite prophwe also have the story of another man that sings to the world every Sunday, et, had told them about it and all that who gave his life as a witness that a choir that has rendered 1102 prowould occur. They were gathered he knew that God lives and Jesus grams, broadcast to the world. We

around the temple; and all at once they is the Christ. I refer to the Prophet are not depending entirely upon the

heard a voice, but they did not underJoseph Smith. nearly six thousand missionaries. We

stand it. And they heard it a second My brothers and sisters, if men and also have the radio, and thousands of

time; and still they could not tell where women, with all the truth that they people listen in to the program that

it came from. And then they heard it have, would retain all the wonderful is given each week by this wonderful

the third time, and this time they unthings that have been passed on through choir, an unpaid organization that is derstood, and looking up, saw the the prophets of God, and then let us doing missionary work for the blessheavens open, and a glorified Being share with them the additional inforings of mankind.

came down and stood among them. mation the Lord has revealed since Now are you happy? If you are

Had there been any doubt in their the Holy Bible was made accessible to keeping the commandments of God, I minds as to who it was, he dispelled the world, what a difference it would am sure you are happy. We have much

it, because he said, "Behold, I am make. I remember a very fine doctor, to do. You have heard something

Jesus Christ, whom the prophets testiwho was a good member of the Jewish about preparing a temple at Los Angefied shall come into the world."(Ill church in Atlanta, Georgia, and who les. The first plans have been apNephi 11:10.) read the Book of Mormon. I beproved so that the temple may be

Brethren and sisters, we have all came wellacquainted with him, and constructed just as soon as the dethe information that our Christian he said to me one day, "There isn't tailed plans are prepared. It will

brothers and sisters do with regard to a man living in the world today that add another temple. We are the

the life of the Savior in the Bible, and could write the Book of Mormon. It only people in the world who know

in addition to that, we have the story must be something more than the work what temples are for, and how wonof his coming to the people on this of man."I have known many people, derful it is that we can build a temwestern hemisphere, as recorded in the who, having read it, and prayed about ple without feeling the loss of the

Book of Mormon. And when he came it, have received a witness that it is expense. We have been building temamong them, he talked to them as he true. ples and building meetinghouses all

had to those in the old world. When What I want to emphasize is this: these years. Since the war, the Church

he was ready to leave them, he blessed Not only do we have all that is conof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, them, he healed their sick and took tained in these sacred records. But the people that belong to this organizatheir children up in his arms and wept also when you have received the gostion, have sent 130odd carloads of

over them. And after being with them pel, been baptized, had the hands of food, bedding, and clothing to the peotwo or three days, coming and going, the servants of the Lord laid upon your ple across the sea because they needed

they saw him ascend into heaven. head and received the Holy Ghost, you it, and they were made a present of

In 1820 Joseph Smith, the boy have a right to the inspiration of the it. Yet our granaries are filled today.

prophet not yet fifteen years of age, Almighty if you live to be worthy of Our root cellars are being filled now.

seeking to know what Church he should it. Ought we not to be grateful for Our little workshops where clothing

join because of the confusion in his our many blessings? What a wonderis made and where secondhand clothare desirable in ful like America is repaired made to live and thing ing a land insisted he mother neighborhood—his to say all that filling the I want and advantages to have up again, father to and and his belong to one Church

in I people for feel of any so grateful know my that to I do not in the out we have. woods another—went blessed richly Christ, that are more of Jesus in the privileges Church the world in the Bible, read had pray. This boy

"If any of you lack wisdom, let him for my companionship with the men than we, notwithstanding our constant ask of God, that giveth to all men and women of this Church and of giving that has been referred to here.

liberally, and upbraideth not; and it other churches. I am grateful to have They who give to the poor, but lend

shall be given him."(James 1:5.) He a host of friends in the various to the Lord, and he is a wonderful

went out into the woods and put it churches of the world, scattered in paymaster.

1022 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Brethren and sisters, let us do our part. Harken to the advice that has

come to us here during these sessions of conference. This is the Lord's

here, Spirit has beenhouse. His and DAVI DIMMER

uplifted blessed and beenwe have thereby. I pray that the power of

our Heavenly Father may go with you workers of this Church, you members, wherever you go, that your homes may professional stage lighting control be the abiding place of the spirit ofour Heavenly Father, that your sons at a cost you can afford!

and daughters may grow up in the Have you ever selected a "hit"play, assembled a talented nurture and admonition of the Lord, cast, good costumes and scenery, and then discovered that that you may love your neighbors, and your lighting was pitifully inadequate... with control

that means members of the Church and limited to "on"or "off"? Have you planned a prize roadthose that are not: That means all show—and then had to makeshift with lighting that's farwho seek to be what the Lord would from professional—and may be dangerous?

have them be. I pray that each of If you've had these experiences, you'll welcome the Davis portable

us may feel day by day the assurswitchboard dimmer... the amazing lighting control designed

ance that so many of you have, that originally for L. D. S. dramatic and speech activities... now

God lives, that Jesus is the Christ, used by scores of schools and professional theater groups.

that Joseph Smith was a prophet of the Living God. I know that as well

I I I live, that bearas and professional Places know and flickerless Inexpensive—dimming that Smooth,

of every reach within any controls stage lighting blending color realizhumility, inwitness and to you.,-; to flashlight.. and stake.. bulb 6,000 light ward from seriousnessing statement the of such a... key attention focuses on watts

action, creates mood andif I still this characters true, not bear it were unobtrusively. and effect in the totestimony of Jesus name you to operate. to install—easy Simple

Christ, our Lord. Amen. For portable work can be plugged

into any 120 volt AC outlet. With

simple instructions even Scoutage stage hands can create artistic lightMerry Christmas With Gravy Compactlightweight:ing effects. No bigger—weighs (Continued from page 959) onlythan an66 overnightpounds. case

The gravy! He'd almost forgotFlexibleplays, blackouts,—Controls"road shows,lightingdances;for

ten the gravy! saves on scenery, costumes, decora-

"Don't tell!"he shouted. Ruggedtions.—Single, heavy duty Magic—Aunt Nettie turned to stare -at Coilmeans controlslonger life;severalcoolercircuitsoperation.

in theworld—him. "Land sakes! What

He darted past her and into the "LIGHTING kitchen. She followed, chuckling. FREE! ARTISTRY"

The turkey, all brown and Folder;

crinkly, lay on his back on the Send Coupon platter, his legs up in the air. Aunt

Nettie set the roaster on the stove. ARIEL DAVIS SUPPLY CO.

Joey dragged the low bench over 373 West South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah.

to stand on, so he could see down Please send "Lighting Artistry"folder, suggested stage lighting into the roaster without getting his layouts, and prices on the Davis Dimmer.

face too close.

Aunt Nettie opened the flour bin Name and dipped the cup in. Address I

"You promised!"Joey protested. Ward or Stake II

She chuckled again and handed him J the cup. Then she picked up some

plates and napkins and went into the dining room.

Just a little bit of flour spilled Ever think what would happen ifwhen he carried it to the stove. He

big the got the flour spoon, dumped fire were to lay waste your home * into roaster, the and stirred and stirred. It got awfully thick and See the friendly Agent of the

turned brown. FIRE INSURANCE CO. Pop came in and looked in the UTAH HOME

roaster. "I'll get the salt and pour in your locality. He will he glad to help you check your

policies. the water."

Joey wanted to do that, too, but Or see...

didn't anything.he say Pop had HEBER J. GRANT & CO. salt help the drive. let him

The salt falling on the browned GeneralSalt LakeAgentCity (Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1950 1023 The Humping Jack MERRY CHRISTMAS WITH GRAVY (Continued from preceding page) He was making plain, everyday flour looked like the snow falling on gravy! For turkey gravy, you put

the dirt road. Then Pop picked up the flour and some water in a bowl

the teakettle and poured in boiling and stirred it smooth, then poured water. Joey stirred harder and it

faster. Pete's sake! it wasn't smooth The everyday gravy blurred.

any more! There were bumps in Joey blinked. Of course it was the

it! steam which made it hard to see.

Suddenly Joey remembered, and He looked up at Pop, and Pop the spoon stood still up in the air. looked at the gravy.

This wasn't special turkey gravy! "We've got dumplings,"Pop

Builds \ $**, Strong W**... ihiidiren in, LAfideritandima

BY RICHARD L. EVANS

N times of disappointment and disturbance, there are alEndorsed by Pediatricians I ways those who would question the Creator, and there

There existence. of out rule him would those also are who tends and Jack""Jumping Revolutionary the of deHelps time. the evils against the at same exercises their baby resentment in who, those are giving while child active strong, velop he permit fit to would a Adjustable there God, If time. why be free indeed more Mother ask: days,

1 old. Holds to 1 months 3 from every baby conditions? And unthinkable such straight about down, bring to to go legs erect, allows back men

Steel direction. to any free move arms faith, they sufficient having not or answer, the finding freely. not to jump permits in baby spring safety

Harness out. or fall tip over Baby cannot indoors sometimes deny his power and personality. A once promiskin. Use tender chafe baby's cannot

to Shurtliff Mfg. out. or neither Send $4.98 prove could that man pronounced philosopher Co.,money225 nent Idaho. Pocatello, Ave., 100%

are endless there guarantee. 1 But S.back10th of God. the existence nor disprove

AN IDEAL GIFT! evidences of his existence, and there are timeless testimo-

a philosopher even us—and

pronouncethis part of SHURTLIFF2M S. 10TH. AW. MFG.POCATiLLO,CO.IDAHO niescan andbe wrong.undeniableBut atfactsleastbeforethe last

disprove the exment is true—it is true that man cannot

istence of God. The universe is too illimitably large, and

in even unknown, and unseen things are too many there for our world, outside of nothing to say world, our own isn't somethat there to say of man presumption the puny finding difficulty enough have seen. thing he hasn't We

out what there is in a drop of water, what composes a particle of dust, what makes a kernel of grain grow, withfor a out presuming to encompass the entire universe and eliminate therefrom the power and personality of God—and

HAPPIER HOLIDAY TRIP they who would do so somehow remind us of the child who says that there is no ocean because he has never been to the seashore; the child who believes that nothing exists

beyond his own backyard. It was such "children"(although they were men in years) who were once so sure

that the world was flat, and who abused and even burned

I those who had other evidence. It was such "children"

who have disbelieved in the existence of all manner of things, once unseen, that have since become commonplace.

And to all such perhaps these words of Paul could apply:

"... be not children in understanding.'"And to those

who would eliminate the Lord God from their lives—because things have gone wrong, because we have seen a

again: it be said world—let fares EVERYWHERE JL Low

what we have matter you provide "be notseen—orchildrenhavein underfailed with extra sickstanding"—no

pocket money for extra to see.

needs. Christmas

See your Greyhound Agent NOW! iKant.H Corinthians 14:20.

ULe spoken \A/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, OCTOBER 8, 1950

Copyright, 1950

tjG'A&V. 1024 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA said, "but dumplings are good with potatoes."Joey started stirring again, still harder and faster. Some of the big

bumps broke into little bumps. But

it didn't look like gravy.

Pop looked at Joey's face, then back at the gravy, "Do you want to take the dumplings out?"

Joey's teeth bit hard on his lower lip. He started fishing out all the

big bumps and putting them into the cup, until the cup was almost running over. Now the gravy looked

too watery, and it still had little bumps in it.

"I think some more flour will fix it up,"Pop said.

He got flour in a spoon and started back to the stove. For an

awful moment Joey thought he was going to dump the flour in just plain. stir it up in water,""You—you Sezsofal Fswite said. His voice sounded queer,Joey

but Pop didn't seem to notice. One of the nicest treats at this season is

"Now, why didn't I think of Royal Fruit Cake.

that!"Pop said cheerfully. He Here is fruit cake just as delicious as you

of choice pecan home—full

peel,got a bowl and made a smooth wouldnuts, raisins,make citron,at lemon orange and paste cherries it costs then poured it slowly into glazed and cents athe pound!pineapple—yet only 75 gravy.

Joey's arm ached now, but he Enjoy it often—all during the fruit cake

kept on stirring, fast and hard. The season.time youGetshop.a RoyalYourFinegrocerFruithas Cakeit in nextone,

gravy got thicker and smoother. two, three and five pound packages.

But it looked dull yellow instead of rich brown, as turkey gravy should. Ideal to serve to company—yet

And it still had bumps in it. inexpensive enough that you can

Aunt Nettie came in. "Is it serve it to the whole family often!

ready yet?"

Nobody answered. Joey looked

at Pop, and Pop looked at the gravy.

Land sakes, get me a strainer!"

Aunt Nettie sounded impatient.

"Joey, go wash your hands then carry the potatoes to the table.

Everybody's starved."Fine Fruit Cake

Joey darted out, glad to get away.

Everything was spoiled. He'd

planned to tell Mother he made the Royal Baking Company Salt Lake and Ogden gravy. He imagined how she'd

smile at him when the rich brown gravy spread over the mashed potatoes. But that awful yellow ZZOZZZZZZZZZZk

gravy! Pete's sakes! How could

he say he made that?

Of course, Pop worked on the gravy, too. Pop should have known

how it's done. Pop should have

told him. You couldn't expect just

a little boy to be all to blame, when his pop helped him do it.

He held his fingers under the faucet and wiped them on the towel. He went back to the kitchen

{Concluded on following page) DECEMBER 1950 1025.

MERRY CHRISTMAS WITH GRAVY

(Concluded from preceding page) her mashed potatoes. His eyes INSULATE NOW

and picked up the potatoes withwanted to jump right out of his out looking at anybody. He stood head! It wasn't bumpy yellow at

his until chair the others It by came all! gravy! smooth, brown was for a Snug in, smiled then bravely at Mother potatoes the a over It ran and made

and tried to smile at Pop. little brown puddle on the plate.

"I made the gravy!"he said Mother tasted it. "M-m! Deliloudly, and sat down before anycious gravy, Joey!"

else did. slicskilfully at Pop, looked He A one "Why, turkey. Joey, that's wonderful!"ing done somehad Pop

SAVE Mother said. thing magic to the gravy! Pop

his folded and head bowed He glanced and winked. up FUEL his lap, in his hard together hands o helped!""Pop Joey said sudFather thanked Heavenly Pop * while o denly. for for blessings our having and c

Mother home. He didn't look up Mother and Pop smiled. Aunt

SAVE again until Pop asked him to pass Nettie chuckled. Then Joey laughed

his plate for a piece of turkey. right out loud. MONEY \0

He looked for the gravy bowl, "Merry Christmas, everybody!"

then turned his head just a little he shouted. "And please pass the

WALLS SAME TEMPERATURE * AS REST OF ROOM to watch Mother dip gravy onto gravy!"

fHE north winds do blow, and we shall have snow, which is a good reminder to insulate your home now. Balsam Wool, Celotex, and HERITAGE IN THE PACIFIC..

Palco Wool are the finest insulations you can obtain. Your friendly (Continued from page 954) the area they seemed entirely in

lumber dealer has them, and they can be installed at amazing low 17, Brother Ching who lives and keeping with the whole, so that cost. Save fuel and money this works at the leper settlement of when the missionaries came riding

winter and enjoy real comfort with Kalaupapa on the island of Molokai, down the hillside through the trees an insulated homecame to take moving pictures of on a horse they were not at

President Smith. Brother Ching is all out of proportion, and when BALSAM WOOL allowed to come and go, but, of the plantation manager rode out

course, the regular inmates at the amongst the fields of taro and sugar PALCO WOOL settlement cannot leave the village cane to observe the activities of CELOTEX because of the disease which they the people, it seemed very natural.

have. When he left to come to the Even when the more than five hunAsk Your centennial conference, the Saints dred members of the cast were on

Friendly Lumber Dealer there at Kalaupapa asked Brother the stage at one time, it did not

Ching to take some moving pictures seem crowded. The pageant, under

MORRISONMERRILL & CO. of the President as he walked and the direction of Joseph F. Smith,

Building Material Distributors talked. In the evening, in company professor at the University of

205 North 3rd West with President Smith, we attended Hawaii, was a credit to the Church

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH the magnificent centennial pageant and to the Hawaiian people. Not

also at which had been postponed from the only was it appreciated by the memBoise, Pocatello, Twin Falls, Idaho night before because of rain. The bership of the Church but was also and Reno, Nevada

pageant was entitled, One Hundred received enthusiastically by the

Years of Mormonism in Hawaii, populace of Honolulu itself, and the which was presented at the Arthur papers carried frontpage stories it. The fivehundred-voice DRINK L. Andrews Theater at the Univerabout

sity of Hawaii, in a great openair chorus was made up of members of amphitheater. The stage was githe Church from all the islands un-

A delightful gantic, but the thing that was so der the leadership of Sister Miriam hot beverage for those who don't drink coffee. striking was the fact that the entire Leilani and presented a thrilling picAT YOUR GROCERS background was a lush tropical ture as all were dressed in white

growth of trees, flowering shrubs, and wearing orange and red capes.

and vines, which were a picture in On Friday, August 18, President and of themselves. There was a Smith was interviewed at some HEADQUARTERS FOR L. D. S.

I IN LAS VEGAS. NEVADA I castpageant,of overand infiveadditionhundreda chorusin the lengthPress; byanda thenmemberhe visitedof the Unitedwith a

REST YE KING'S MOTEL of over five hundred. Villages, planvery good friend of his, one of the 5th STREET 526 SOUTH

Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner tations, chapels, and homes were outstanding physicians of Hawaii,

Edgar H. Foutz, Manager reproduced on the stage lifesize, Dr. Strode, whom the President met

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout and because of the immensity of on a train once in the United States.

1026 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA On Saturday, August 1 President Smith and party went to the village of Laie, on the windward side of Oahu, where is located the beautiful Hawaiian Temple. To attempt to describe the setting and the for a Christmas they'll never forget!

feeling that one receives as he rides along the shore of the blue Pacific The BrandNew Revere "55"and suddenly turns to the left and OUTSTANDING 8MM MOVIE there views the beautiful temple CAMERA with its magnificent background of

The sensational "Iris Scene"blends scenes smoothtropical growth is most difficult inly, professionally. Easy, "DropIn"loading, 10deed. It is a glorious sight in the foot film run, f2.8 recessed lens, builtin exposure

daytime and even more inspiring as guide. Only $55 inc. fed. tax.

one sees it stand out under the NOTHING DOWN...

brilliant radiance of a full Hawaiian ONLY $1 A WEEK moon.

THE PERFECT CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR THE FAMILY!

President Smith attended the hukilau, or net fishing, which was MAIL THIS COUPON, TODAY!

held at Laie. The men in the boats n ReverePlease send"55"me8mmthe moviebrandnewcam-

leave from one side of the bay and era 6 TO EASY BUY WAYS the out into return ocean androw (Cas (Terms Delivery) h n asCharge n onC.O.D., Adverarc,in a great spreading the net as

< tised) Enclose Chec n landing severalthey to go hunor and Add Money my n

Account Order Opendred the yards beach, and down Enclose Reopen my 10% n n (We'll account Down villagethen the turns out whole and - r put you cam begins to pull in on both ends of era in aythe net. Many fish are caught in Sia Nameaway)

the net as it is pulled in, but the Address major portion of them are in a great City funnelshaped net at the apex. This 273 South Main in Salt Lake City State

is a very colorful affair, and thouOGDEN PROVO LOGAN IDAHO FALLS L sands of people were present to watch the net pulled in and to see the many curious types of fish that FOR XMAS THIS YEAR! A TOUCHING, ENJOYABLE

were pulled in from the ocean. CHRISTMAS GIFT

Sunday morning, August 20, dawned bright and clear, and we LITTLE GOLD PIECES went again to where the morning

Bymeeting was held in the beautiful new Laie Ward chapel, where over JULIAETTA(Mrs. ChristenB. JENSENJensen)

one thousand people were in atbeautiful, is poignanttendance. furnished Music was by

the picture paints reading and "The book—

choir, and afterthe Laie Ward IT earlyday Mormons SHOULDof AS others had spoken, Elder Moyle and Give Your Missionary, Family and Friends BE PAINTED. It is a good, clean

President Smith addressed the audiBeautiful, ExclusivePictures ofKodachrome storyservesof readingLatterdayby Saints,all membersand deof ence. the Ancient # Ruins in Book of MorChurch.—Marba C. Josephson In the afternoon we returned to Lands mon

Honolulu where in the evening the It is a moving, grippiSfty truelife

History Highlights of Church put to won't be able drama youfinal session of the conference was until every read have you down held, the ENTERTAINING—EDUCATIONAL to a close which brought it! word of to teachers (Discounts and missionaries)

centennial celebration program. At Available in Price—only $3.00

this meeting over two thousand 35 mm SLIDES and 8-16 mm MOVIES at your local bookstore, or get an trulywere fitting climax present—a For Complete FREE List Write To AUTOGRAPHED COPYto glorious celebration. Presi- a most

at the writing author postpaid, by FILMS TRAVELdent Smith bore his testimony in MEXICHROME 31 N. Provo. Main St. Utah North, Box 391 313 East 2nd

great beauty and simplicity. EveryRochester, N. Y. Manti, Utah

one present was visibly moved and affected as the President uttered words of love, kindness, and wis4fc STAINED GLASS THE ijlWfrdom. WINDOWS CaJc-O-TlsitisL. The next day, Monday, August MwA BEAUTY SALON

21, we reluctantly boarded the ship "For the finestHOTELin WILSONcomplete LOBBYbeauty service"

Phone 5-0862 City, Utah Burns Gutke, Prop. for the return voyage. There are BOSTON 6 MASS'Salt LakeJeannette

{Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1950 1027.

Make It A {Continued from precedingHERITAGEpage) IN THEmissionaryPACIFICyears.. ago and as I found

Merry Christmas no words to express the feeling that them on this recent trip.

With These Records onestandinghas ason thehe leavespier as dearthe boatfriendsbeislandsWhen constitutedI first went tooneHawaii,mission.the

MY PICTURE BOOK OF SONGS gins to glide gracefully away. You While I was there, the great Oahu

children The will love these 19 cleverly become suddenly aware that you Stake of Zion was organized, which tunes. dramatized

3 10inch records in album $3.95 may never see these loved ones has continued to grow and prosper

THE KING OF GLORY again in this life and that many a in the work of the Lord. As great

(He That Hath Clean Hands) year may pass before ever you see airplanes glide smoothly to the

Sung by the beautiful islands once more. ground after having come from the JESSIE SMITH EVANS

and the Many things went through my mainland, I recalled having watched

SALT CHOIR LAKE TABERNACLE 12inch record $1.31 mind as I contemplated the cenCaptain Music's China Clipper land semiflex

tennial activities. I found myself at Honolulu, when he pioneered the

SEVEN IMMORTAL HYMNS 7 favorite L.D.S. hymns sung by the constantly comparing conditions in air route from, San Francisco to

VALLEY PROMISED QUARTET records in $3.95 Hawaii and in the mission as they Hawaii. It was on his second flight, 3 10ineh album

were when I was there as a young as he touched Hawaii and continued

JOSEPH SMITH'S OWN STORY A documentary recording narrated by

LYNN A. McKINLAY '0'?''Cr'0'-''--'Cri-'i!<

3 12inch semiflex records in album $5.05

eainviina Joaetker

BY RICHARD L EVANS

At your dealer or direct from /"ften young people who are beginning life together

RECORDING ARTS, INC. become discouraged because they can't begin where

19 West South Temple Street their parents "left ofF."There are many things they want.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH And working and waiting and going without aren't always 35c postage Add customers Utah add for all2%mailsalesorderstax easy. Often they come from comfortable homes. Some have lived in comparative luxury. They have entertained

their friends in surroundings that it has taken the family much working and waiting to acquire. And they sometimes

think it is an undue hardship to begin as their parents began. A girl who comes from a provident home could

make it very miserable for the young man she marries if she were to expect him immediately to provide all the comforts and conveniences that she has been accustomed to.

She must remember that few people start with "everything"at once. And those who do—those few who have madeto-order establishments handed to them—miss much

of the genuine joy of working and planning together. Of

course we expect each generation to improve upon the past. And fortunately it may not be necessary to go all

the way back and begin where our parents began. But it

just isn't reasonable for young people to expect to duplicate at once the pattern set by provident parents. And

neither parents nor others should make it difficult for those who are beginning together by encouraging the idea that they should be able to begin,with what others have acquired only after long effort. Working and planning and

pursuing common purposes can be very worth while. It

isn't always easy. But things that come that way often

mean much more. And this we should certainly say to

all who are beginning together (and to all others also):

One sure way to make life miserable is to live in a manner that you can't afford.

Copyright, King Features

Uhe Spoken VUord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM. OCTOBER 15. 1950

down to Samoa, that in landing in a

Samoan lagoon, his plane blew up Take Inventory and killed all on board.

The Hawaiian people have a faith of Yourself—

and belief in the gospel which is Now's the time to stop a minute beautiful in its simplicity. They and take inventory of your adpray without doubting, and theirs vancementsHave you duringmade 1950.as much progis the childlike faith which moves ress as you've wanted in your

to consider adding If not, work? Hawaiian the Surelymountains.

attending qualifications by your to climax a fittingcentennial was classes at or evening either day the one hundred years of Mormon- ===* L.D.S. Business College.

Everything in Hawaii.ism that WINTER TERM was in harmony and said donewas

with the occasion and was calcustarts January 3, 1951 lated to do nothing but to add honor At L.D.S. you're offered a completed curriculum of

and credit to that which had gone business and commercial subjects that will better train you before. stenography,to fill more responsibleoffice work, jobstypingin andsuchsecretarialfields as work.accounting,

Inquire right now, don't wait until too late.

Call or visit, you are cordially welcome at

COLLEGE T BUSINESS 1)The Church Moves On iJt SALT LAKE CITY!/ kJt 70 NORTH MAIN

(Continued from page 944) Speakers included President Oscar A.

Kirkham of the First Council of the

Seventy and Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson of the Presiding Bishopric.

a At the two o'clock session of a "general conference, President

David O. McKay was sustained president of the Council of the Twelve. As

President McKay remains in the First

Presidency, Elder Joseph Fielding

Smith was sustained as Acting President of the Twelve. Elder Delbert

L. Stapley, president of the Phoenix

(Arizona) Stake, was sustained as a member of the Council of the Twelve.

Approximately fourteen thousand... sitting comfortable for largest priesthood number Design bearers—the seating upholstered by crafted Beautifully and comfortably history of in the Church the recorded pleasure added an going church Cabinet makes Salt Lake

were in attendance at the semiannual at the new Bonneville Ward and Stake House. You'll find

priesthood meeting in the Salt Lake our seating and fixtures in scores of new L. D. S. buildings.

Tabernacle and in adjoining buildings.

night this the preceding and On Co* Cabinet jjfc and Fixture servSalt Lake missionaries returned and many

Salt Lake City, Utah Temple 136 Sooth West reunions. semiannual held their icemen

reunions.

SUNVISTA Delicious PEAS October 1950 WARDROBE BLACKEYEDBUTTER BEANS

BABY LIMA BEANS BEANS PINTO CHILI PEPPERS GREEN Dr. John A. Widtsoe of the HEADQUARTERS

WITH PORK BEANS PINTO the of gave J- Council the Twelve Grocers At Your the for of the from Air"sermon "Church

Tabernacle, over the Columbia BroadBiblical Pageants casting system.

also 121st semiannual threeday The for JOLLY TIME of conconference general the Church Santa cluded. FOR YOUR

FUN HOLIDAY School Union Sunday The Deseret ALWAYS POPS conference m. in p. held at seven was SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. JOLLY,

248 SOUTH MAIN the Tabernacle.

Salt Lake City Dial 3-1031 TIME POP CORN [Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1950

The Church Moves On ASSISTANT CHURCH HISTORIAN, ANDREW JENSON, (Continued from preceding page) BORN 100 YEARS AGO 5 Presidentset apart Davidas PresidentO. McKayof wasthe late Assistant Church Hissearcher in the interest of Church Thetorian Andrew Jenson, had he history, and in 1935, in his eightyCouncil of the Twelve by President

George Albert Smith; Elder Joseph lived, would have celebrated his fifth year, he took a pioneer wagon

Fielding Smith was set apart as Acting own centennial this December 11. to Denmark as a gift from the state

President of the Council of the Twelve As a man he was always intensely of Utah.

by President David O. McKay; and proud of the fact that he was born It has often been said of him that

Elder Delbert L. Stapley was ordained at Torslev, Hjorring Amt, Denhe "traveled a million miles in the

an Apostle by President George Almark, in 1850, the same year that interests of the Church."In 1891

at the of meetingbert weekly Smith of the staff a member of with elders he became of the the coming saw

Firstthe Presidency the and Council in office, historian's and the gospel restored Church of the the message in Salt the theof Temple. Twelve Lake

to his native land. April 1898 he was sustained as

for National approval was obtained

It was the elders, too, who interAssistant Church Historian, a posithe ribbon Recognition new Deseret award designed for wear by Explorer ested the teenage Andrew in keeption he held until his death, November 18, 1941. As such, he compiledgroups of Scouts. ing a diary—a practice which he

cherished, and a habit which colored a manuscript history of every stake his long life, because he was inand ward, every mission and branch

Richard E. Folland, executive deed a keeper of records. of the Church. His writings in behalf of the Church were in both 6 secretary of the Deseret Sunday He and his parents and a younger

School Union, announced that beginbrother were sailboat and oxtrain the Scandinavian and the English ning plan of moving in January a new bookshelf tongues. of Andrew The In pioneering of 1866. emigrants

theclasses course along whole, as a includes: Church Jenson's books labor to reclaim manual Utah he did will study,of School put be Sunday HisHistorical Record, Chronology,

into operation. Promotions of students the land and to bring the railroad, tory of the Scandinavian Mission,

because they have reached a different but he always used his spare time Biographical Encyclopedia Autobirthday will be abolished, except in advantageously in study. biography of Andrew Jenson, Enrare cases.

Time after time he filled missions cyclopedic History of the Church, for the Church—first as a regularly Joseph Smith's Levnetslob, and JorElder Ezra Taft Benson of the assigned missionary, later as a reden Rundt.

8 Council of the Twelve dedicated the Richmond, (Virginia) chapel of the

Washington Stake.

Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards ON THE BOOKRACK dedicated the Coeur d'Alene (Idaho)

Branch chapel, Spokane Stake. YOU CAN LEARN TO SPEAK THE CRITICISM OF

President Milton R. of the Hunter T. S. ELIOT Garff. Pub- L. Wheelwright (Royal

First of the Council dedicated Seventy (Victor Yale University H. Brombert.

Salt City, Utah. 1950. lishing Co., Lakethe of the chapel Westminster New Press, 1949. 43 Haven, Conn. New pages. 273 $2.75.)(British Branch, Columbia) Western pages. $2.00.

States Mission.

Norwalk Ward, East Long Beach "D eplete with illustrations to prove HP. S. Eliot has been an enigma to

has also been(California) Stake, created from porto approachtions to speak—andthe point thathoweveryonehe may canlearnlearnto one mostto crystallizereaders—buta new of Bellflower East Long Ward,

Beach Stake, Downey Ward, South speak, this book should find space in criticism. This analysis of T. S. Eliot

Los Angeles Stake, and Whittier everyone's home, for we are a Church is unusual not only in its relationship

Ward, East Los Angeles Stake. of speakers. Into the book have gone to Eliot himself but also in its indicaStephen H. Sims is bishop of Norwalk the experiences of the many years tion of how to reach essential values

Ward. that Dr. Garff has been in demand in the criticism of poetry. According

as States the United throughout S. Eliot the author, a to T. from moved East Beach Lakewood Ward, Long In addition, speaker. he long has been critic the point that the should of view(California) Stake, created from successful of speech. teacher a deal the only "impersonal with theory"B. Branch, Lorin withLakewood

Daniels, bishop. The book is not like an ordinary of poetry, in which the critic limits

himself consideration of the art to a textbook, however, anyone and who Long Beach East Long Fifth Ward, analysis: to that of a dual of the poem, picks will find that it up to read he (California) Stake, createdBeach

1, the literary a from judgment standfinishes cannot put until he it down portionsfrom of Park View Ward, 2, that ethical point and from an it. find reader will likewise that point; The bishop. Barker,with H. Robert

feels view. author that Eliot The will return to it for helpful he suggesof Beach East Long Park View Ward, artists expects generation each of and tions stories times. or innumerable(California) Stake, to changed name critics to attitude to- a dynamic have

Long Beach Third Ward. Attractively bound, the book also wards literature, which of necessity

has clever sketches that help drive will receive new interpretation from home the messages that Dr. Garff in- "periodical shifts of interest."The

1/ The annual report of the Pricludes in the text. All in all, the book book would be even more valuable if

ll mary Association shows that is one that deserves wide popularity. it had been printed in larger type.

197,403 children are enrolled.—M. C. /.—M. C. /.

1030 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The True Christmas JOIN OUR CHRISTMAS LAYAWAY CLUB!

page (Continued 951) from thought, one year ago spending a A SMALL DEPOSIT HOLDS ANY when happy Christmas with Loved Ones, that I should be in Tokyo, Japan, today! It seemsalmost impossible to realize it, and there is PIANO OR HAMMOND ORGAN

nothing either in the weather or surround- /- --. a.x27- &ings to help one to realize it—a clear blue

sky, bright sunshine, dry streets, green leaves on the bamboo trees do not suggest our Christmas morning in Ogden. EverSee us at once For

write in to our hand, every I have been orgreen trees on for Christmas nearest store of beauty, as landscapeadmiring a mark so their Christmas significance has somefull information! J.;.- T:. **?.;'?*.—**, Delivery!

what waned.:'SV5

But the little Christmas tree in Sister - l-UT:

Stimpsons room, the joyous laughter and three her delight of fromexclamations little EASY TERMS of the glorious trueones bore the marks day. Cards conveying the good wishes

of the Stimpsons to Brother Cannon and GLENBROS. appreciated. wereme Since 1907MUSIC CO

I spent the forenoon in a large depart2546 Washington store, in time for thement and returned OGDEN Blvd. 74SALTSouthLAKEMain 57 North PROVOUniversity Ave.children's in entertainment, Christmas

which about fifty Japanese kiddies participated.

In the evening fully 175 people sat on their feet on mats spread on the floor, and listened for two and a half hours to a wellrendered program....

Japanese people are clever and enjoy doing things. I was intensely interested

in the children. With what vigor and loud

acclaim they entered into each part!...

When we retired at 1 1 p.m., the folksat home had about three more hours of That Extra Something

peaceful sleep before waking at six o'clock to see what Santa Claus had brought them.

If they enjoyed but half the prayers and Scholastic excellence is vital! But it is even

loving wishes I had in my heart for them, more valuable when combined with the spirhow happy they would be!

itual. Get training, but also get

To Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve, Christ- * L. D. S. RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION

of the absorption meantmas little INSPIRATION AND CULTURE inchildren the making of decorations for the Christmas tree and of FRIENDLINESS AND COMPANIONSHIP presents family. for the After

all, * PERSONAL COUNSELING thirteen,with of a family eleven children and Father and Mother, money was hard to come by except for the essentials. But the ChristBeginany quarter.study (Brigham Young University

mases were unusually happy ones, Winter term start aThe Friendly School"for love and thoughtfulness aboundclasses 4. January ed in the household. PROVO, UTAH

As the children grew older, they were permitted to help with the filling of the stockings and the putting out of the presents. A line

of chairs was arranged in the living Can You as a Latterday Saint Explain and

Doctrines of Your Church T T Defend The A wholesome,room, and on TT Bible? the Holy From

beautiful aid to 1 il the T?r AlAwas hung the stocking—withcorner of each onean

toe, for in theorange oranges BIBLE THE treat. a rarethose days were The in "Into the Dawn'KNOW50 VITAL RELIGIOUS QUESTIONS

children were anxious to get up in by Naomi M. Taylor Answered by 700 BIBLICAL QUOTATIONS

for all Ideal Book Church Members, MisAnthe morning, long before and it was sionaries, Servicemen, and NonMember $2.50

Friends. Relatives and time, callthe designated they would

asking if it wasn't time. But until at your local book store In harmony with teachings of L.D.S. Church

Paper Cloth $1.00 216 Pages $1.50 or Deseret Book Companythe fires father the in the had two

Salt Lake City. Utah 44 E. So. Temple B. ALVYARD BENJAMIN livingkitchen blazing, the and room

First Salt City 148 Ave. Lake OR THE AUTHOR

(Or Deseret Book Co.; Bookcraft)none of the Benson children came 30 W. Campbell Ave. Campbell, Calif. 3, Utah

[Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1950 1031 THE TRUE CHRISTMAS {Continued from preceding page) straw on the bottom and travel the

TIME downstairs. When the procession two or three miles to the maternal

RIBLEGIVING started, the smallest; one led, and grandparents or to the paternal

the others followed in an ascendgrandparents, depending on which no finer Bible ing line. of the grandparents had been visthan National Most of the day was spent at ited for the Thanksgiving dinner.

home, but at about eleven o'clock After the dinner, which was a the new skis or sleds or skates had great dinner—usually chickens beIndia paper gift No. 25 IX. to be tried out, and away they ing served that the family had

edition. Approximately one

leather thick; genuine inch would go skimming over the snowy raised themselves—a program was covers; gold overlapping

edges, fully flexible. or icy trails. given by the families.

In the late afternoon the family To Elder Matthew Cowley, the with Concordance. Easyto-read type; overlapping; selfpro- ttctttTCt.ttttttc'K'Ktttce'it'Ki nouncing

covers, gold edges, gen- 5 5 leather. uine

WHEREVER BIBLES J ARE SOLD j/ctith vaaLnst J/iear BY RICHARD L EVANS

bibles national BELOVED KING JAMES W/e have long since learned that among the chief weapVERSION ons of the war of nerves are fear and falsehood and f confusion. But fear, it seems, is foremost. If you can

strike fear into the heart of a man, you have already gone effectiveness. his paralyzer Fear far is a destroying toward BASKETBALL, o himof EQUIPMENT of a Satan people is no doubt "secret weapon"and

self. Of course, there are those who will remind us that

fear is not always paralyzing—that sometimes in great

fear a man will rise to feats of physical performance which ft he could not otherwise accomplish. And this may be true & as to an act of emergency—but the strength of fear is

quickly spent and is not to be compared with the strength that comes with calm, quiet courage. Fear is the enemy of

faith; it is the companion of darkness and despair. It will

not keep company with hope; it sets the stage for failure.

shirt or complete a gym A outfit It is a malignancy of mind and of the spirit—a killer and... You'll A. for your M. I. Team

find quality, style, value... at destroyer of man. And, as all of its victims have discovered, peace will not dwell with fear. And a generation

that has had reason to have its fears multiplied would do

fear. something than is stronger Fear which and firmer amjmrjwj/flCORNER SECOND SOUTH AND STATE well to remind itself that fear is crowded out only by

faith is firm sustain there cannot long itself where faith in the future, faith in God, faith in the ultimate accomplishment of his purposes, faith in eventual justice,

HOTEL LANKERSHIM and faith in the fact that wrongs will be righted and that 7TH AND BROADWAY truth will triumph. We need and must have faith against

"In Center the Very of the City"fear—faith to pursue our purposes, faith to keep fear with $3.50 Rooms bath from

Grill and Dining Room from impairing our effectiveness. "... and they awake

FRANK R. WISHON, Operator him, and say unto him, Master, carest thou not that we

LOS ANGELES CALIFORNIA are ye so perish?... And he said unto them, Why1

fearful? how is it that ye have no faith?"Unto a fearful

generation there come again these quieting words froms the Father of us all: "Be still, and know that I am God."

Copyright, King FeaturesIPSE for OVER FIFTY YEARS

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple sore throat and other minor mouth Uhe Spoken \AJoi>d FROM TEMPLE SQUARE and throat irritations. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, OCTOBER 22, 1950

iMark 4:38, 40. HALLS REMEDY 2Psalm 46:10.

Salt Lake City, Utah l-i I1VI!(!! >4ii0i'{ '4

1032 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing Christmases were those he spent in New Zealand where the

Christmas was the Sabbath in the literal sense of the word. Churches

were opened for sacred service.

Greeting cards might be sent to loved ones, but they were limited in number. No presents were exchanged, and in the hearts and

minds of all was the spirit of loving kindness and reverence. The day

following the religious services, there would be a day of festivity, but even this was restrained. Going

to the beaches, feasting on lamb rather than on turkey, visiting with celebration—andfriends and relativesbehindmadetheupoccathe

sion lay the reason for the day, the life and ministry of Christ, the Redeemer.

Contrast these remembrances with the occasions of today. The reason

for this contrast is not far to find, for into this day on which allshould be concentrating on the Wmsgm qualities of Christ which have motimove your farmingvated our lives and given us more abundant joy, have gone the extravagances that have made livingmore difficult. Instead of genuine /love and thoughtfulness, in the maUP FRONT

jority of cases there has gone the feeling of, "Well, Jane gave me this If you are looking ahead to top yields of heavypay crops on highlast year, I must do more for her value land—the AllisChalmers Model G is your tractor

this year."As a result, behind a The G moves your farming up front where you can watch it—pile of debts, tinsel, gay wrapping

paper, the true spirit of Christmas all the way from plowing to harvesting. This tractor guards the seed

has been lost, thrown away with and labor dollars you have at stake in every minute of highcost,... every minute of close, thorough cultivathe garish trimmings of the day. multiplerow planting

Let us this Christmas season tion. On such work, especially, you'll count the Model G's long line

open wide our hearts to the gospel of lookahead tools "worth their weight in gold."

message, to the love that Christ Here is the one versatile tractor to power your entire specialized bore for all people, and we shall farming program. On larger acreages, the Model G earns a solid

again find the true meaning of profit doing important precision jobs alone. It packs the broadest

Christmas. variety of accurate work into your equipment dollar.

Move up front in your community with yields, crop quality and low labor costs—on Model G power. Start today at your AllisChalmers dealer's.

The Gift Horse (Continued page from 958) frontmounted tools MODEL G rear engine power Bluejay, eyesJDilly in recwide ognition of the newsaddled pony, watched them ride up, and now, with his old grandfather, the chief, stared as Lee and Nina dismounted and came towards the ALUSTRACTOR DIVISIONCHALMERS MILWAUKEE 1, U.S.A.

hogan. the chief In amazement and Listen to the National Farm and Home Hour—every Saturday—NBC Network.Billy stepped back, welcoming them

into the shabby, low room.

Both Lee and his wife had to ALLISCHALMERS TRACTOR DIVISION, Milwaukee 1, Wisconsin, Dept. 83

stoop to enter the thatched hut; Send me the full, illustrated story on the Model G Tractor

and their basket of good things Name RFD seemed to fill up half the room as Town State {Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1950 *1033 mmm MMMMMBta THE GIFT HORSE {Continued from preceding page) in worn, high moccasins, his long they set it on the cleanlyswept dirt gray hair held with a band of shodConn-sonata floor. dy; but in his eyes was the bravery

the electronic organ For a moment their eyes groped, of an eagle, and in the lined, intelliwith getting used to the gloom, lit only gent face the nobleness of his race by a smoky kerosene lamp and the and the pride of all his ancestors. True Pipe Organ Tone

dull glow of coals on the primitive Lee spoke on quietly. "There is a

hearth at one side of the room. great favor I would ask of you now,

Discreetly they eyed the inconmy friend. It is concerning the

gruous array of mementos displayed pony. You see, I have no place to

above the fireplace—an ancient keep him, nor anyone to tend him.

tomahawk, a frayed, eagleplumed "I want to ask you—will you

warbonnet, the hunting knife in keep the pinto here in his stall, as its case, which Tabor had given the he used to be? And perhaps Billy chief many Christmases ago—and here could see that he gets fed and

in the midst of the militant display, watered—and exercised. It will

a tranquil, if smokegrimed, picture be a great favor if you will agree of the Three Wise Men riding their to this. I will pay you, of course,

richladen camels toward the light for his care. Is this agreeable with

of a distant star. you;

Yet, it was the time of year for Lee, and Nina, who sensed now

Why Organists prefer the Connsonata that picture to be hanging there, for the nicelycontrived plan of her husto the again had come Christmas Billy Bluejay, was who band—and Guild basic American DESIGN—of Chief Wolf. White of Organhogan with the idea overwhelmed It becoming ists specifications throughout. preserved

TONE—produced by purely electronic means, was an expression of the chief's of taking care of the pony with its

no moving parts. veneration of the white man's God new bridle and saddle, and getting

cost of operation and mainto ECONOMY—low picture given ago him long paid for were it by—a Mr. Tabor—all tenance. the story Tabor. knew by Nina He breaths, respective their as holding

MAIL THIS COUPON of the picture, and always it hung they awaited the old chief's deciabove the lowly hogan hearth at sion.

Christmas time. His approval would solve all their DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY

4547 So. Main, Salt Lake, Utah Then Lee was extending his problems and would provide the

Please send illustrated folder on Connhand. There was the play of a poor old chief with a modest income

sonata e ectronic organs. smile in the network of wrinkles of for his wants—and he would not

the old chief's face, the trace of a lose face with his great pride. His

Address twinkle in his aged eyes as he took disapproval

City & State the hand of his trader friend. But the venerable old man was

n Aerry Christmas, Chief White noddinghand was hisheldheadout toagain,Lee Taborand histo

Wolf."seal the bargain. Solemnly he inFIRST OF ALL -RELIABILITY The ancient chief nodded his head cluded his grinning grandson in his

as he looked steadily into his words, though never taking his friend's voice eyes. His cracked face. Lee's from out black eyes 4547 D familiar greeting the old had he it will friend; "It be is good, my MAINdunes72 the to white through come know SALT LAKE'MutateCITY 1, UTAH Co-. take hear? so. You Billy—you

good care of horse for Mister man—in his own words. much

"Much Merry. I have been waitTabor."

ing you to call."Billy Bluejay was about bursting

Smiling, Lee answered, "I have with pride in the assignment, and very to thank you much his of having the thought for with PROFITABLE DAYS come of pony, the Chief the present shook but he only pony back,

AHEAD FOR White Wolf. I have brought this shaggy head in quick agreement.his

gift basket for you and your family Matter of factly Lee took out his OUISH from my wife and myself."wallet and counted out several bills

GRADUATES Gravely Chief White Wolf in the wavering light of the dusky

Capitalize on QUISH nodded in acknowledgment; and lamp, placing them in the wrinkled training You'll now! be a

beautician competent both and Lee when of Chief Wolf; and White Nina saw wherein his hand

prograduated. QUISH lay. pride great in silver the stubfingered with technical dollars vides you

gained knowledge and ENROLL in Billy one, Bluejay. bundled the beaming an old hand of Here was in 25 SEND FOR MOW FREEskill TODAY! years.CATALOG together with confidentially held coat looked a sheepskin he down Then

SCHOOL OF safety pins, an Indian blanket held at the boy and asked, "Do you supBERUTV331 SOUTHCULTUREMAIN around him to ward off the drafts pose that pony could carry three V'Jlil in the mud hogan, his feet encased of us back up to the trading post, 1034 n THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Billy? Nina and I have got to get

home and get things ready for the

Christmas party tomorrow. Theroad is awfully slushy for walking, MINER MIKE %

and you'll have to bring the pony back to his stall.""If the mine I work for is able to reduce

Billy Bluejay nodded his head vigorously, and there was mature operating costs, the chances of my job judgment in his affirmation. lasting longer will be better. If I give 8

"Oh, sure. Peento can carry three, hours work for my 8 hours pay, it will

even more maybe—easy. Come, you, mean a better income for the comsee. x

"We're off, then."IICV XV pany and my job will be more

Lee took his wife's arm and they secure."

stooped out of the hogan. They

turned, their farewells to the chief blending in the frosty, bellclear air. UTAH MINING ASSOCIATION "Good night—Merry Christmas,

Chief White Wolf."

Standing straight and with great dignity, in the doorway of the ho- E. POWER BIGGS ON RECORDS

gan, the old chief reechoed theirwords of the Eve. ALL ALUMINUM

"Much Merry, my friends."TRIPLE TRACK STORM WINDOWS

Into the saddle went Nina, beAND FINEST hind her Lee, and clinging like a STORM

Billeech, Indian the little cowboy, ly, the DOORS flick of them behind both. A

rein, the touch of a heel, and the Keep Out old horse, rallying to the occasion Cold Drafts and not minding his triple load, set off, beating out the time of a tune Save on the three on his back were caroling Fuel as they traveled toward the trading Stop Sweaty post. Windows

Give Christmas joy, to others or to

At the store, Lee put the set of yourself,fine organin music,COLUMBIAplayed RECORDSby E. Powerof EASY TERMS

currycombs in the pony's saddle Biggs. Hear these records, LP and 78 Call or Write

bags, filled Billy Bluejay's pockets rpm, at your local record store: "Bach's

with allday suckers, and gravely Royal Instrument ML 4284-5,""Organ STOACO INTERMOUNTAIN, INC.

4097,"of "French Music Organ Bach ML him.admonished Utah State, Murray, 4847 So.

4195,"Sixth "Mendelssohn's ML pinto looking slick, Music 955 "Keep the MURRAY 2076,"Sonata WestOrgan "A MLBilly—-and give him lots of exerminster Suite ML 4331."SALT LAKE 9-4107

cise. Off with you now and get—\ big Christmas Please have one of your representativessome sleep. The

party starts early in the morning call and give us a free estimate.

we'll be expecting you."Name

Together, Lee and Nina watched Address the jubilant Indian lad vault into Town State the saddle and take his mount at a reckless pace down the road to his grandfather's hogan—the proudest,

the happiest Indian boy in all of the Going to attend the

Whiterock Valley. UNIVERSITY OF UTAH?

They stood for a moment, arm in Plan to live at arm, on the store steps, looking over THE GAMMA HOUSE the snowmantled valley, a-twinkle FOR L.D.S. MEN

with the little yellow lights from Friendly homey atmosphere many hogans, where the valley peoFinestboys associations with other L.D.S.

ple were preparing for the morrow's Right on the campus tool

Reasonable Prices holiday. winter moon peeped A pale

and reservation storm For full information behind reassuringly from to write clouds. And Eee and Nina Tabor THE GAMMA HOUSE

went in to get ready for another 1410 Butler Ave.PhoneSalt91102Lake City 2, Utah

merry Christmas at the Whiterock.

DECEMBER 1950 zeaea

QUORUM ACTIVITIES

tkrouakout the Lhurch

Photos courtesy of Davis Grant

WhatMelchizedekare the Priesthoodquorums ofdoingthe membersfund whileare theyreceivingare aidengagedfrom thein throughout the Church? temple work.

Shelley ( Idaho ) Stake, which for The one hundred sixth quorum the past several years has had the of seventy in Shelley Stake had enviable record of being first in a nineacre potato project during submitting the quarterly reports to 1950. The land was rented, and

the general Melchizedek Priesthood seed potatoes were contributed by committee in Salt Lake City, were quorum members. One of the needy

asked how they did it. members contracted to do the irriIt was once one of the delinquent gating, and the rest of the season's

stakes, but decided to do something work was contributed by members.

about the delinquency. The stake The first quorum and the fourth

committee campaigned for cooperaquorum each has a small livestock tion in this matter from the quorum project. The herd of the first quopresidencies. Those quorums that rum consists of two sheep and five

had difficulty at first in getting the calves. The fourth quorum has

reports in, received assistance from six calves. The members who did

the stake committee. Soon the habit not participate in the purchase of

was formed, and they discovered the animals are feeding and caring that it was much easier to get their for them. It is planned to sell the

reports in than to let them go overmatured animals and buy more time. young animals.

Their letter goes on: The second quorum of elders has

We also find that in recognizing the had a wheat and a potato project.

value of getting our reports in early, The wheat was grown on a shareother advantages come to us. In the first crop basis.

to place, the feel a need officers seem for The third quorum of elders of closer association contact personal and with the members, and as we have more Shelley Stake has had a potato time to study the reports and the weakand a calf project. This quorums'

nesses therein disclosed, we find it much were the only potatoes harvested easier to make the necessary assignments when this report was made. Their

the perform desired missionary and work four and onehalf acres had proIn other words, needed. it is most where

we are happy about these reports, whereduced:

as in the past they were a burden...

511 hundredpound bags of U. S. No. l's

of bags U. hundredpound S. No. 2's High priests of Shelley Stake 117

culls of bags hundredpound 98 have a personal contribution project.

Each member who is financially All of the Shelley Stake quorums able, contributes eight dollars anhave sent, or are in the process of nually. The money is used to resending, subscriptions for The Imhabilitate quorum members. Several provement Era to their members

who have been called into the armed elders of of the The seventh quorum Glenforces. (California) dale Stake, Crescenta La Ward,

have been in charge of constructing a home, which was sold for about twelve thousand turned over dollars, the profit and was to Tt was proudly yet humbly anseventy building fund. About the ward men

priesthood, and of the branches from all in nounced at the October conferaided Church of the nonmembers some the construction. Pictured here is the house, ence of the Church that fulltime

in of construction, stages various with some missionaries in the field now mrnir on it. of the who labored men

1036 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ber over fiftyeight hundred. How to encourage every high priest and been holding a priesthood convenare these missionaries supported? his wife to have their own temple tion in each ward. The convention

Of course, they themselves make clothes. is at the hour of priesthood meeting.

this personal contribution to the The seventh quorum of elders of At the preliminary session, the stake

Church. Some have saved their the Glendale Stake has completed president or one of his counselors

nickels and dimes since childhood; the construction of a house and sold gives instructions. Then the consome are supported by their famiit for twelve thousand dollars, the vention separates into departments.

lies, others by widowed mothers; proceeds (above material costs) goThe high priests quorum presidency

still others by members whose ing to the chapel building fund of meets with their group, as do the homes have never been blessed with the La Crescenta Ward. They had seven presidents of the quorum of

children, or whose sons have made seventy men from all offices of the the seventy. The stake presidency

the supreme sacrifice for the napriesthood, and even some nonmeets with the members of the elders tion's safety. But it is surprising members, who came and helped quorum, and here the adult members

how many quorums are supporting build this home. of the Aaronic Priesthood are inmissionaries. Many missionaries The sixth quorum of elders, revited to attend. ( The stake Aaronic

have entered their fields of labor to siding in the Garvanza Ward, GlenPriesthood committee meets with be supported by quorum contribudale Stake, engaged in a chicken the members of their respective quotions; other missionaries, with the project, from baby chicks to chicken rums during this departmental

most fruitful part of their missions on the dinner table, which netted hour.

before them, have found quorum asconsiderable profit. To close the day of Sabbath

sistance when their original means The fifth quorum of elders, Sunspiritual feasting, the bishopric of of support has been shut off by set Ward, Glendale Stake, has that ward has arranged the sacrasickness or by accident. Truly, in raised money and donated labor in ment meeting program for the

this way, the blessings of "our misthe manufacture and placing of priesthood members to discuss some sionary"have been extended to pews in the stake center. assigned topics, and for as many

quorum members and their families. These quorum projects and priesthood members as possible to

The high priests quorum of Glenothers in the stake have been carbear their testimonies.

dale ( California ) Stake has been ried forward in addition to the other actively engaged in a wheat project heavy ward and stake assignments, Needless to say, a great deal of to: notably at the new Church welfare planning goes into these priesthood

Los in South convention Sundays California, at Perris, ranch and theteach the value of whole wheat cereal and priesthood Stake. Every bread in Angeles Industries square Deseret new

member is invited to attend, andobtain, store, and preserve wheat Los Angeles.

teach the various ways of using wheat in transportation is arranged for him, cooking T Tnder the sponsorship of the stake if need be. But anyone who has

improve the health of the Saints in the presidency and the Melchizedek attended one of these conventions stake. Priesthood committee, the South will testify that it is worth the work

This quorum also has a project Los Angeles (California) Stake has and the effort of the planning.

ON THE CHILDREN'S BOORRACK

(Concluded from page 961) point of view, and describes authentiCity from which Peter had come to add to the difficulties, Black Devils atcally his living habits and instincts, the ranch at White Horse Mesa tack the crops as soon as the young, especially where contact with man is the story reveals in addition to the tender shoots come from the fertile concerned. It is an exciting story; locale the stamina of the early settlers

ground. Happily, this plague yields the humane attitude toward wild life of the region. There are much action

finally to the marvels of scientific is stressed, and the story ends happily and suspense in the story to hold the farming learned from the Great School for the bear rather than for the hunter. interest of the eightto-elevenyear

of the Foreigners. A. L. Z., Jr.—a 5. olds, at the same time that the ideals

is It in firmly are them. implanted PRINCESS STORY BOOK THE KINDSALL OF TIME "all right"misthat should be too bad Bookcraft Publishing Dalton. (Alene Behn.(Harry Harcourt, Brace and the spelled in C. book. M. J. City, Salt Co., Utah. $1.00.) Lake 1950.Company, York. $2.00.) New

tales, collection fairy long of HPhis of story picture sectime—from BEARS the over, children world loved by L onds happens what when up—and Doty. Stevens Wallis, Duyn (Van & in told on added charm when take a timepiece apartyou put takes and

Inc., Salt City. 1950. pages. 72 Lake Princess. the the of Story words Apit together just back out again—leaving $2.50.) this illustrations to pealing help make little part.- Z., L.one A. Jr.

a book to be enjoyed by any child HTms second book on bears makes a

DUFF—THE STORY OF A BEAR who loves a fairy tale. D. L. G. valuable addition to the child's

(William Marshall Rush. Longmans, library, as well as acguainting him

Green and Company, New York. PETER'S PINTO with bears. These stories, collected

1950. $2.25.) (Mary and Conrad Buff. The Viking as the first volume was from actual

TPhis is a warmly humorous and Press, New York. 1949. 96 pages. experiences, are full of fascination and

fascinating story about bears in the $2.00.) excitement. The two books will make

Rockies, and about one bear in par- "VVTnn a setting in southern Utah—a wonderful Christmas present for the

ticular. It is written from the bear's and a background of Salt Lake small fry. M. C. J.

DECEMBER 1950 1037

=r-r-'-rz jf), 1 1 -=B= *V Zj==A -jfc-: -ynn L A,.-Bk

tf-'A'rt** 'M\ 1 L tifi L *. lu

Special To Bishops Questions For Bishops Letters To Servicemen Held Vital To Their WelfareFrom General Secretaries "LJe may not be in a foxhole; then prove upon them if there's a letter,

Tt was during a convention of Aaronic again he may; he may be in the some kind of word from his spiritual

leader, his bishop. Priesthood leaders that the following air—he may be on the ground; he may

questions were asked in a department be on the deck, or down below; he That man is to be pitied who is in

service "alone."of his country And it's cold the the a have secretaries and may for generalconducted bed—perhaps "alone"that be too much man may could earth; he be on watch; he may leaders were Thesequorum advisers.

not critical of their bishops, but the be afraid even though he's supposed whose bishop does not write to enquestions asked indicated a rather to be brave; he could be alone; he courage, to sustain, to bless as the

serious lack of understanding of their could be with the crowd; he may be father of the ward.

official relationships to their bishops in church—he may not; he may be in Letters from loved ones and friends

and of knowing the details of their good company—we hope so; but are excellent. But letters from the

responsibilities. These questions maywherever he is and whatever he is bishop with his blessings are needed,

serve to alert bishops as to what may doing, he will be stronger and will too. One is not without the other in

be going on in the minds of their behave better if there is a letter from adequately looking after our serviceleaders when relationships and responhis bishop, and often enough that he men.

sibilities are not made clear and recannot easily forget. It is realized that for a bishop to

ill; write personally a letter to a greatspected. We provide correct answers. He may be well—he could be

at his from ward young men be many good he be in may may spirits—he Aaronic the ward 1. Who appoints asking too least be a month once may despondent; he discouraged, even may each meeting committee responsihis other in of all much, view be sad; he be may may happy—he secgeneral the or bishopmonth—thePriesthood to see bilities. should bishop the But his to sympathetic companions have

retary? for him, letters written are that such bad if he it ideals—too

that signed behalf, his and by him, on he feels, and Answer: The bishop. ambitionshasn't; butandhowever

2. When the bishop consistently whatever his circumstances may be, he his young men may know they are

does not appoint the meeting, what is is better able to face them and to imnot forgotten.

the general secretary supposed to do about it?

Answer: The general secretary

should respectfully remind the bishop Aaronic Priesthood Bishops—

that the meeting should be held, but the initiative for appointing the meetAssignments Defined A LSO the duty of the president ing rests with the bishop. over the Priesthood of Aaron

to remind again necessary appears Tt fortyeight is over to preside those are not apmeetings 3. When that leaders Priesthood our Aaronic with in council priests, and sit secretaries, arepointed, as general we,

priesthood filling of the the duties of to teach them assignthem, to appearmade as failures, and we do only for priests, officially listed ments in the is given as their office, it.not like

credto are be deacons teachers, and covenants—help yourAnswer: You cannot

offifilled."as "assignments The bishis to be a president This for ited is responsible bishopselves—the lists respective in cial the published are duties the this is one op; for of thecalling meeting. not have You lesson roll books, quorum quorum this priesthood. of if secretaries,failed general as you

remind the bishops that the meeting manuals, and in the Aaronic Priest- (D. & C. 107:8788, italics

should be appointed and hold yourhood Handbook. added.

selves ready to assist him in arranging This is an item which should be therefor. reviewed in every stake during the

department Priesthood Aaronic of the Teachers Not To Assist 4. Are general secretaries and quomeeting. leadership stake priesthood

rum advisers supposed to lead out in Priests At Sacrament Table the matter of the Aaronic Priesthood social and fraternal program? \rdained teachers are not authorYes, but always with the Answer: sacrapriests assist at the to ized should labor to committee Priesthood the bishopric. ofapproval is underthe meeting table once of ment a clear understanding about bring

5. What do we do when the bishopyour several responsibilities. way.

ric feel we are going beyond our Teachers may prepare the sacraauthority? 6. Are general secretaries to have ment table by spreading the linens,

Answer: Talk it over with the bishanything to do with the ordering of filling and placing the water trays,

opric and come to a clear understandAaronic Priesthood supplies? placing bread and bread trays thereon.

ing of what they expect you to do in Answer: General secretaries should They may take care of the linens,

this and all other matters within the see to it that needed supplies are on empty the trays, and put them away province of your calling. Then be hand at all times. However, the bishafter the meeting is ended. But teachers

governed by their instructions. If the op should sign all orders for supplies are not to assist the priests in any way

bishopric are not clear on their relain order that costly duplication in at the sacrament table during the meettionship with you, the stake Aaronic ordering may be avoided. ing.

1038 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fcrl I repare a by cU.ee yv. j- admerTOhaM

A Priest's Reactions Aaronic Priesthood Care Urged In Preparation

To Being Denied Reporting The Number

Of Applications For Awards His President's Leadership Performing Ward Teaching *

XJTe was an only priest in his suburban Tn the monthly report on Aaronic HPhe Aaronic Priesthood program has to as to proportions such grown the during 1951, Priesthood work of a members. few had ward He all of require care part conthe on will called following information be into the locality recently from moved

if confusion, are cerned to avoid we for: teachperforming ward "Number priests, there were where many a ward inefficiency. disappointment, and this ing month."it too. group was, a fine and Every

Sunday morning the priests had met The answer to this particular quesThe details of making applications in quorum meeting with the bishop as tion should include only those who for the Standard Quorum Award and their president. They were taught the actually performed their ward teachfor the Individual Certificate of Award

very things young men of that age aling work during the month. Please are too often given too little attention.

ways need to know. The bishop note that the question does not call Applications are received without the

seemed to know just when and how to for the number "appointed"to do name of ward or stake indicated, and touch upon the subject currently apward teaching but does ask for the without the signature of those expected propriate. The young priest wondered number of Aaronic Priesthood memto sign. Items are left unanswered.

how he would be received by his new bers actually visiting in the homes of The wrong forms are used, particubishop and by his new quorum or the Saints as ward teachers during the larly forms from previous years. Too

group associates. month. little time is allowed for processing

shipping the or mailing awards his first priesthood and He attended ask for thirty It requires days ). ( we anticipating rather anxiously, meeting

the following instructions in the the welcome he felt certain would be How To Teach only

Priesthood Aaronic and on Handbook him. the accorded one him at met live, to No **'Ttell"that him how

all the application to avoid forms of door. seat, inci- a found which, He his ears hear. may But these other unpleasantries. and

difficult dentally, since not there was him "show"to live, that his how were very few present—none of his soul may see—the way to eternal New application forms are available

own age. life. and should be procured when applying

When the opening exercises were for awards for 1950.

finished, he went up and introduced himself to the bishop, the president of the priests'quorum. When he asked

the bishop where the priests met, he Ward Teaching Provides Rare Opportunity For Service was told, "Since you are the only THhere are some members of the ties, elders, priests, teachers, and priest here, maybe'you had better go priesthood who, when called to deacons to participate in priesthood in with the elders. I am very busy serve as ward teachers, think they activities and to live in compliance

this morning, and with only one priest have been assigned one of the with the laws and ordinances of the present I can use my time to better least important responsibilities in the gospel. It is his responsibility to enadvantage than meeting with you Church. With this attitude, it is difficourage his people to attend auxiliary

alone. I am sorry."cult for a teacher to be successful in organizations and classes set up for

It was a long way home after priesthis work. For this reason, bishoprics their respective ages. He is interested hood meeting that morning—"a long should make clear to every ward in the entire Church program for all

way"because he was carrying such a teacher the great privilege and opporthose entrusted to his care. The stake

heavy heart. "What a letdown!"he tunity that comes to those who serve president, the bishop of the ward, the

muttered to himself. "So I'm not imin this capacity. officers and teachers in all auxiliary

to portant the bishop alone I'm when organizations, the of family head each offices of president, quorum The there's only of us. a when crowd the his of household are members superintendent, School or and Sunday

I I at least Well, stand where now to expected submit the to themselves superintendent of posiare Y.M.M.I.A.

I with his attitude what know authority the of teacher for ward him—tions of importance, honor and and

is priest. a lone toward chance interview, counsel, What instruction. and rightfully so. holding those these Yet

is there for this in ward?"me teacher has to instructed been The limited in positions are authority when

What ward was he in? That is imcompared to the humble ward teacher. "see that all the members do their

material now since it has already The officers mentioned preside over, duty,"and his major responsibility is happened. The important thing is that supervise, direct, and plan quorum and with lay members of the Church, many

each bishop make doubly certain such auxiliary activities, but are limited to of whom are inactive. Fundamentally,

experience will never come to any the particular quorum or organization his is a missionary work, and if carpriest in his ward. over which they are called to preside. ried out successfully will result in the

The Savior said: saving of souls. No reasoning person

On the other hand, the ward teacher would classify the saving of a soul

For where two or three are gathered is an agent for each priesthood quorum as unimportant. The saving of souls

together in my name, there am I in the and ward auxiliary. It is his responsiis the highest and most noble objective

midst of them. (Matt. 18:20.) bility to admonish high priests, sevenwhich man can hope to achieve.

DECEMBER 1950 1039 Utility Gift Cape TODAY'S

While you brush your hair, make up your face, or enjoy a shampoo, this handy cape made from a towel and trimmed with a little ribbon will be a handy utility article, and friends will love it as a gift. vDvLrl Jhepherdpi

EDITOR

MARE IT

WITH TOWELS

Take one towel, about 22"x 44", and make a sixinch slash across the center of it. Then make a seveninch slash down center and bind

this opening with narrow ribbon. Beach Bag

with the neck openingBind around This article takes half a 22"x 44"about twelve leaving ribbon,wider inches free at both ends for tying. bath towel. Also required are plastic lining 22"x 22"; 1 strip crinoline

5j/2"x 5K"; 2 yards narrow cable

cord; 4 bone rings, %"; sewing

Mr. and Mrs. Doll thread.

Roll separately two washcloths fflu.

lengthwise, tightly. For Mr. Doll,

tie ends tightly with K-inch ribbon, knotting it at back of doll. For

Comfy Shower Coat

This quick slipon towel robe will be an appreciated gift. Use towels

with borders for attractive decoration. Required are two bath towels,

size 22"x 44"for sizes up to 14;

(larger towels for larger sizes); 2

yards heavy cable cord; % yard

bias tape; sewing thread. For the

front, cut one towel in half lengthwise; face the top cut edge with

Mrs. Doll, do not tie ends. Fold the tape for 10 inches for armhole. On

roll in half. Tie ribbon around the the other towel which will join to Round the edges of the crinoline

waist, three inches from bottom. the front one, turn in selvage for and stitch it to the center of the

For Mr. have bow in back; for Mrs., 10 inches for back of armhole. Join plastic. Turn in raw edge of towel.

at side front. Then fold another fronts to back at sides. Join fronts Place plastic lining to inside of

. Fold towel and stitch around the edges. rolled washcloth ( each doll reto back at shoulder for lYz"

quires two cloths) over the top of collar points to outside and tack in Stitch a narrow tuck around crinoacross at waist cord Attach place. each Bring line reinforcement. roll. first neck ribbon around Tie

knot a about for Make back center, and of cloth in to the corner 6Y2 f>'. top. Embroider from 2/4"about

eyes in black and nose and mouth at ends of cord. stitch each fold 5"from outside in

in red. For Mrs. Doll, loosen roll *Note: These gift suggestions are taken from a towards center. Sew a ring in each

"Make to at a skirt. form Tack pamphlet, bottom

Inc., Mills, Cannon It NewWith YorkTowels,"City, publishedand are reby rings.free corner. Slip cord through the inside rolls edge. together at permission. printed by

1040 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA KEEP THE CHRISTMAS

TREE SAFE!*

Keepand theprettyChristmasand at thetreesamegreentime prevent possible fires by standing the tree in a container of water.

That's the advice of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, which has

this to say about trees in general:

First, obtain a tree that has been cut as recently as possible.

Second, cut off the end of the trunk diagonally at least one inch above the original cut end. Stand

the tree at once in a container of water and keep the water level above the cut surface during the entire time the tree is in the home.

If the tree is not to be set up for several days, it should be kept standing in water meanwhile in a cool place.

If started in time, this treatment will prevent the needles from drying out and becoming flammable. It

will also retard the fall of needles on such species as spruce, which lose needles very easily. Freshlycut spruce or fir trees standing in

water cannot be set on fire by candle MerruChrTsTmas, mu, dear?*

or match fires but will not, of course, said St. Nick, bouncing in after rewardingwithstand a large source of heat.

It is wise, also, to eliminate defechis reindeer with an extra forkful of hau, for tive electrical connections, and to their night's work. "I couldn't think of a thing

avoid the accumulation of combusto bring you except this. It must be good,

tible decorations near these connecbecause I saw it in ever so many homes."

tions or around the tree; place the

tree so that it will not ignite curtains "Thank you, Nick,"laughed his wife, "but if or trap occupants in a room in case that isn't just like a man! You're so busy toyof fire. making that you've never noticed I've used

AgriState Flashes,"*Taken Utah from "Farm FelsNaptha for years and years and YEARS."

cultural Service, 15 College Extension Dec. and

29, 1949.

DECEMBER 1950 1041 POINSETTIAS MAY HIBERNATE TOO ALL-O-WHEAT The beautiful poinsettia plant need 40 to 60 F.) and watered sparfirst of May the CEREAL not be discarded when its leaves ingly. About the

The Best and Most Healthful drop, soon after the holiday season. plant may be cut back to remove exCereal for Your Family to Eat! This dropping of leaves indicates cess old wood and make it more

the plant is going into its normal shapely. Poinsettias can't stand

Its DELICIOUS rest period and will, with care, nutlike flavor frost; and they may drop their

year. again next the bloom contains ALL

fall, the plant leaves if placed in a draft or where leaves of the the goodness After

Entire Wheat Berry. should be put in a cool place ( about it is too warm.

A Kansas Laboratory analysis reveals that 1 pound of ALL-O-WHEAT has IT'S STEEL CUT 1900 Units ProVitamin A (These are true, natural vitamins) BLUEPRINT 1.76 Milligrams Thiamine

26.50 Milligrams Niacin 4.93 Milligrams Pantothenic Acid FOR

.452 Milligrams Riboflavin

Also rich in proteins, phosphorus, mineral matter and iron.

ALL-O-WHEAT IS |oe<*u**| DELICIOUS to the Taste

NUTRITIOUS to the Body EASY TO PREPARE VERY ECONOMICAL to use "TIPS"5. What is a hangnail?

Ask your grocer or local health store It is a narrow sliver of skin which today for On Your Fingers has cracked or split away from the

ALL-O-WHEAT cuticle at the side of the nail.

Or Write to ALL-O-WHEAT CO.

1. are fingernails made of? Utah Ogden, What a hangnail? 6. one treat does How

in available All-O-Wheat now cells of clear, the are horny They it cut it off Lift and stores health Pacific up carefully, Coast

Served by Halco Corp. of Los Angeles epidermis, joined together in one with clean, sharp scissors; then apcontinuous plate. ply an antiseptic solution. If the

2. How does the nail grow? cuticle and skin around the nails

By multiplication of soft cells in are kept soft with cream or oil,

The Christmas Gift the germative layer at the root of hangnails will not form. The split

is toalways end attached for Missionaries! inchthe nail.a month.It grows about onefifth wardend ofthethenailhangnailand the

is cuticle? 3. What it should therefore, back; farther "YOU CAN LEARN It is the hardened bleedpulled as this causes skin around the never be

to base and sides of the fingernails. ing and soreness and encourages inspecial 4. should Why care be fection. SPEAK"in the cuticle? taken grooming

What occupations cause thickenby The thin space under the cuticle 7.

nails? ing of the ROYAL L. GARFF is bacteria location of and a favorite

causes thick nails. labor $2.75 enter the Manual bacteria molds. Such may

Presents a complete tissue around the nail and cause in- 8. Does dishwashing harm the nails?

persuasive plan for

... easy to fection if the cuticle has been No, if the soap used is mild. talks

read... 64 delightdamaged. Strong soap solutions have a softenful cartoons... ing action on fingernails, especially

and many quotations

... will if the hands are immersed in it for anecdotes

help every mission- a long time.

a to be ary better 9. How may stains be removed from review See speaker.

page 1030. fingernails?

ORDER BY MAIL By bleaching with hydrogen peroxide or lemon juice.

WHEELWRIGHT LITHOGRAPHING CO. 10. Is nail polish harmful?

So. West TempleI| 975

| Salt Lake City 1, Utah The nails are usually resistant to \ TOPleaseSPEAKsendat me$2.75a copy(plus ofsolesYOU taxCANforLEARNUtah chemicals and pigments found in

residents).

I am enclosing my check or money order. nail polish and solvents used to reit. postpaid.) sent solvent used in polish The move

for $2.75 plus postage delivery on Bill me in substances plastic the to keep charges. mailing O and(Book

NAME solution may cause dryness, brittleness, or flaking and splitting of the nails. Nailbreaking may also be

1042 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the result of dietary imbalance or disease. Some people have skinallergies which prevent them from With Era Readers

using any polish.

1 1. What is the manicuring pro- A DESIRABLE CHRISTMAS GIFT

cedure? This is the season of gifts. When selecting a gift for someone near or

( a ) Remove old polish with polciated,dear, thesomethingfirst considerationthat will beusuallyworthyis toandfindthatsomethingwill conveythat anwill impressionbe appreish remover applied to a piece of of friendship or love.

cotton. Hold it on the nail a few How would you like to send a gift that would include these:

minutes until polish softens; then A message each month for a year from President George Albert Smith.

stroke from base of nail to finger A discussion of an important doctrine of t!he Church by one of the

tip. outstanding authorities of the Church, Dr. John A. Widtsoe, of the Council

of the Twelve Apostles.

(b) Shape the nails with nail file The sermonettes of President Richard L. Evans on the Tabernacle Choir

into a smoothly rounded oval of broadcast.

medium length. Stroke from the Feature articles on Church doctrine, Church history, and world affairs.

side of nail to the center. Never A full page each month for a year of choice, carefully selected poetry.

file far down at the sides as this Several short stories each month for the reading of youth and for those causes splitting. who are older.

A full page of current history of the Church briefed for quick reading ( c ) Soak the fingertips two or and convenient reference.

three minutes in warm, soapy water. A variety of articles in other fields that are of general interest.

Then rinse in clear water and wipe These are all combined in one gift when that gift is a year's subscription lightly. to The Improvement Era.

Such a gift is suitable for Christmas, weddings, birthdays, under appro- (d) Apply cuticle remover with priate conditions, for friends or relatives in other states or in other lands. In

cottontipped orange stick. Push all cases a suitable dignified gift card is sent to the recipient, containing the

cuticle back toward the base, using name of the donor.

flat end of orange stick or Q-tip. In times like these The Improvement Era is suggested as an appropriate,

Work gently as digging may injure helpful, and most acceptable gift. There is still plenty of time to send this

cuticle. Clean under the nails and issue and an attractive gift card for Christmas.

apply nail white, if desired. GENERAL CONFERENCE REPORT

(e) Wipe away dead skin with In this issue all the addresses delivered by General Authorities of thea towel. Trim ragged edges or Church at the recent general conference are printed in full. This outstanding

hangnails with manicure scissors. and helpful service to the Church is provided for readers of The Improvement

Regular trimming of the cuticle with Era throughout the world. Into every civilized nation these addresses will

scissors or clippers is not wise as it carry the gospel message and the advice, counsel, and encouragement of our stimulates growth. leaders.

In many thousands of homes this issue will be preserved for future ref- ( f ) Scrub fingers with brush and erence, and many of them will be bound for permanent use. This service

soapy water; rinse and dry. This to Era readers, brought to you without extra cost, is one of the contributions

removes solutions and dead cuticle of this publication to the missionary service of the Church. This is an approand leaves nails smooth. priate issue with which to begin a gift subscription.

nails Buff lengthwise from (g) to tip. Lift thebase buffer with each THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IN 1951

stroke to prevent undue heating of The editorial program of The Improvement Era for 1951 is well under nails. way. Some outstanding features, new to these columns, are definitely assured.

This magazine in 1951 is destined to reach a new high mark in its service ( h ) Apply polish base, and allow to its readers and to the Church—both the young people whose interests are

to dry; then polish, and let it dry; being given more consideration than ever before and the middleaged and

then apply *a colorless, sealing top older folk have been kept in mind in editorial planning.

coat. To apply polish, outline the Every Latterday Saint family and all who are interested in the Church

nail slightly above the cuticle with and its progress whether as friends or investigators will want every issue the new year. With conditions as uncertain as they are subscriptions shouldthe wet brush; then carry polish all of

early. be placed

the way over finger tips in three straight strokes: first down the center of nail, and then once on each

side. With the thumb, take a thin

line of polish off the edge of the IMPROVEMENTnail; this discourages chipping.

(i) When polish is quite dry, More massage cuticle oil or nail cream Religious into the cuticle and at the base of Readingthe nail.DECEMBER 1950 ERA 1043

TO GIVE Vo j<*/ WESTERHLOCKERAP a f FROZEN MEATSCDate-filled Cookies and spices together. Cream sugar,

FISH, FOWL shortening together; add unbeaten egg

instir vigorously. with dry Mix

Roll out AMD GAME Yi1 cupcup brownshorteningsugar andgredients. to about dough

1 egg 1 '.. teaspoon baking powder Y%shape.inch thickness,Spread withkeepingdate rectangularfilling; roll

teaspoon cinnamon and chill two or three hours. Cut off 3434 teaspoon salt up as jelly roll; wrap in waxed paper;

cloves teaspoon 34 % cups sifted Ya wholewheat flour inslicesmoderateabout oven34 incn(350thickF.) andaboutbake10 Western I 1

flour, baking powder, salt, minutes.

locke Sift the

"7/ "<? <? The r;g/rt wrap for your choice

cuts of meat, fish, fowl, game!

WESTERN LOCKERAP is the BY RICHARD L EVANS gives that wrap waxed paper in seals protection... the Tn three lines of flawless poetry, Alexander Pope porperfect

natural color and flavorful juices trays how gossip is passed from person to person:

so essential for mealtime enjoyment... locks in the fresh, "And all who told it added something new,

wonderful goodness of quickAnd all who heard it, made enlargements too;

frozen meats. In ev'ry ear it spread, on ev'ry tongue it grew."

First choice of housewives and locker plant operators in the If we haven't considered the subject seriously, we west, WESTERN LOCKERAP may suppose that there is no harm in the idle telling of is available at your grocer's or tales. At least it keeps up conversation. In fact, we may

plant. locker Ask today for

ask, did: "If gossiping person is such so far as to go as one LOCKERAP! WESTERN sin, isn't besetting a it covered the commandby why

ments?"It is a good question, and there is a good answer:

It is covered by the commandments. As we recall, there

is a commandment that reads, "Thou shalt not bear false witness"—and a very considerable part of all whispering

and taletelling does bear false witness, if not by actual word, at least by innuendo; and if not at first, at least

by the color that is added in passing it from person to person. Often there can be more deadly malice in an un- $

kind comment that passes behind hands or in the whispered venom that infectiously spreads from ear to ear than in an open accusation. In Much Ado About Nothing Shake-

S speare tells of an innocent victim "done to death by colorful to help FREE guide pre- % slanderous tongues."As far back as the memory of man protect you prepare, and

serve your quickfrozen foods. goes, as far back as the record is written, reputations

Write now to Western Waxed have been riddled by the loose lips of people who pass on

Portland, North Paper Co., what they hear, plus what they make up, or what they

Your copy Oregon. will be

mailed at once. imagine. And almost always they seek to establish their

own innocence by saying that someone else said that it

RolJ contains was so. 'They say so'is half a lie,"wrote Thomas

of is ISOWESTERNfeet LOCKERAP. thisFuller.'they'?"PerhapsWhoeverall of us"they"have are,asked"they"ourselves:have "Whomuch to Choice ot 18,

20 or 24 inch answer for. "They"start most of the malicious rumors. widths.

If the truth is too tame, "they"add color to suit themselves. And when "they"are finally identified, and when

h justice is finally done, "they"will no doubt have to pay % a price for every irresponsible word they ever uttered to % the injury of others.

Jhe Jpok WoJ"FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

WESTERN WAXED PAPER CO. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADPORTLAND LOS ANGELESSAN LEANDRO CASTING SYSTEM, OCTOBER 29, 1950

Features [ Copyright King

1044 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Date Filling

\y2 cups pitted dates Y2 cup water Y2 teaspoon vanilla juice only Y2 lemon, in small y2 CUP walnut meats, broken pieces Cook dates in water over low heat until soft enough to be stirred into a paste. Remove from fire and add

lemon juice and vanilla. Cool. Addnuts. MtPFT/KKS. /f SMO 4fRS. S

Cherry Turnovers ohe always buys this famous She's learning by experience 1 cup wholewheat flour *8ITE SIZE"TUNA; she that a tuna dish is either a

34 teaspoon salt knows it's delicate, tender, and glorious success... or a dismal

34 cup brown sugar delicious. Every tuna dish she failure! Next time, she'll buy

1 teaspoon baking powder serves is a coup de maitre! quality tuna!

5 tablespoons cold water 1 cup cherries, canned or fresh ( drained Mix together flour, baking powder, there's no halfway and salt. Blend in shortening. Add

enough water to make dough of consistency to roll smooth and thin. Cut QUALITY

it into fourinch squares. Cook cherries, sugar, and two tablespoons water

until thickened.over Cool. heat low IN TUNA! *D'IN

filling spoonful heapingPut a of cherry JALT SOYBEANADDED in each square of dough and fold THIS fAMOUS TUNA ALSO AVAILABLE cornerwise. Press edges together with IN SOLID PACK..fork. Bake on greased baking sheet diElaiES

in hot oven (400 F.) about 15 minutes. Trademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island, Calif.

Honey Coconut Bars

cup shortening cup brown sugar Vi cup honey 1 egg cup flour WALLS ARE BEING FRESHENED teaspoons iy2 baking powder WITH THE WONDERFUL NEW 1. teaspoon salt cup rolled oats ONECOAT, FASTDRYING PAINT

cup shredded cocoanut teaspoon vanilla cup chopped nuts Cream shortening, sugar, and honey together until light and fluffy. Add

wellbeaten egg; blend together. Sift

flour with dry ingredients; stir well.

Add oats, cocoanut, and vanilla. Add

nut meats. Spread on greased baking sheet; bake in moderate oven (350 flfctf

F. ) about 12 to 15 minutes. Cut into

bars. IN THE

FASHIONABLE Russian Tea Rolls FLAT FINISH 1 cup butter or margarine BRUSH MARKS SMOOTH GOES ON - NO sugar cup powdered Y2 IN - DRIES THREE HOURS TWO TO flour cups 234 1 teaspoon vanilla PERFECTLY WASHABLE OILBASE 34 teaspoon salt IT HAS BETTER HIDING POWER - % cup chopped walnuts Mix all ingredients thoroughly toBENNETTSWEST FIRST SOUTH SALT LAKE CITY gether. Form into balls and drop on 65

cookie sheet. Bake 15 minutes at—and at all Bennett's Branches and Dealers

(Concluded on following page) DECEMBER 1950 1045

to Keep Give... or LeCybuf To

preceding page) (Concluded from roll in powdered Own "fesfe 375sugar.F. When done,

iMakea Peanut ButterOatmeal Cookies brxlerfaf cup flour teaspoon salt Discovery/ teaspoonscup shorteningbaking powder cup brown sugar cup peanut butter egg Maybe it's been years since yo-j tasted teaspoon vanilla You can save for evaporated milk. But since then a remarkcup honey, liquefied 50 weeks...

receive and 25.00 $ able taken has change place—for rolled oats today's 1!/ cups receive and 50.00 $ Milk Morning a flavor has associate you peanuts cup chopped receive and $100.00

rich with country cream. receive $150.00 and

This means you can enjoy the convenSift together flour, salt, and baking $ 5.00 and receive

ience and economy of Morning Milk in all powder. Mix shortening, sugar, pea- $250.00

recipes calling for ordinary milk or cream. nut butter, egg, vanilla, and half of the $10.00 and receive

$500.00 Milk's texture smooth first And Morning mixture and rich honey; add to beat and

to actually flavor recipes! your improve in remaining until smooth. Fold honey debtplanIt's nota worryfree,too early

and rolled oats. Drop by teaspoon free,for nextpaidupyear. ChristmasOpen a

account Club Christmas sheet; sprinkle cookie greased on with

or State, mail at then It's the delicious nuts. 12 at chopped minutes Bake savings each bring your

flavor that 375 F. week to...

makes the difference'Matrimonial Sandwiches

2 cups finely cut, pitted dates State 5aviiws cup hot waterMORNING 1 and Loan Association Cj vanilla 1 teaspoon

Salt 56 So. Main Lake cup brown sugar, firmly packed MILK Yi insured Savings to $10,000

1 flour cup sifted 1 teaspoon baking powder 34 teaspoon salt

\ rolled oats cups x/2 STORE WHEAT cup melted Yi butter or margarine SEND YOUR FRIENDS GRIND STONE YOUR

OWN FLOUR Pour water over dates and simmer AT HOME OR ABROAD with a them about 10 minutes, or until thickPrecision ened. Add vanilla. Combine sugar,

Electric flour, baking powder, rolled oats and IMPROVEMENT salt; then stir in melted fat slowly.

LEE Spread half of oatmeal mixture in pan

Flour Mill 12"x 8"x 2"; cover with date mixof theEMgreat Church "Fresh top;ture. patSprinklesmooth.remainingBake atoat 375mixtureF. on20 One ground flour minutes. Cool. Cut in squares. Fig magazines of the World wheat

has a flavor filling may be used in place of dates.

in not found $2.50 a year $3.00 foreign

flour stored Fig Filling for any length of time. The greater

part of Vitamin "E"is lost a week 1 pound dried figs after grinding. bleaching The gas 1 cup water commonly to both added white and

wholewheat flour also destroys 14 cup brown sugar vitamins. When cattle are fed 2 tablespoons lemon juice NIC0ST0P AVAILABLE

grains without vitamins, these they 34 teaspoon salt AT LOWER PRICE effects until harmful show no they

NICOSTOP, mentioned in Dr. No drop (See suddenly."dead figs. Cut or grind inAdd remaining Liquor (Sept.), - Tobacco offers Merrill'snow "Science,"Vol. 104, No. 2701, a choice you of SIZES. pleasant to TWOcolumn P. gredients slowly until thickand cook

taste, 312.) relieves and craving ThouIt ONCE.is AT

ened. Cool. sands have used NICOSTOP successfully.

no substitute. Available on moneyProtect Health back Your guarantee at druggists, or if you do not

it, to write NOW Puffed Wheat Sparkies findAccept trial 30day with MoneyBack Guarantee

Standard Mill $65.00, Deluxe $90.00 134 cups sweetened condensed milk NICOSTOP

(Plus Mailing Charges) butter peanut DEPT. NICOSTOP, cup A, CALIF. SAINT HELENA,

full information write to Y2 further Please send prices. information, and puffed 2 cups wheat SHOP THE WHEATFor

99 East 1st North, Provo, Utah Name milk butcondensed and peanut Mix

Address Stir in Name ter together. purled wheat. Drop

Address spoonfuls by on greased cookie sheet City.. State.. City and State—and bake at 375 F. for 12 minutes.

1046 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Toys They Will Like

( Concluded from page 955 storybooks; hammers and nails; kidafefkB?

dy cars, trikes, wagons, spoons, spades, and pails.

About four years of age children begin to imitate grownups in their play, and for this they need many things: dolls and doll houses, dishes

and laundry sets for girls; toy barnyards, boats, engines, and trucks

for boys. At four, also, both boys

and girls can be introduced to simple musical instruments—drums,

cymbals, bells, triangles. Rhythmic movement (skipping, clapping,

marching), simple chants, and bits of melody are natural forms of expression for the youngster. At this

age a child should hear good music and take part in songs and dances.

Often in selecting toys, parents forget what the youngster really likes and wants to do. One child

was bitterly disappointed for two

Christmases in succession because she did not receive a toy store. The

mother, though she selected gifts she thought were nice for the child to have, did not stop to consider that the youngster's reguest, as simple as it seemed, might have been motivated by a need to handle and arrange orderly rows of boxes and bottles and serve her friends with them.

Toys are not merely playthings to keep children quiet—or to help

them make a noise; they are tools.

Children like toys not so much that do things, but toys they can do things with, for activity helps them develop a sense of adequacy which is so necessary to happiness in later life. Thus, a boy younger than eight use Cinch cake mix..

or nine will not long be interested in IT'S REALLY COMPLETE!an electric train because he does

not understand it, and he can do CINCH already contains every high quality ingredient necessaryit—thenothing activitybut standis centeredby and inwatchthe

toy. An older boy, however, may for a perfect cake. You add only

enrich his interest in physics and water. For a finer, easier, thriftier

engineering by operating these eleccake... Bake CINCH.

tric machines. The child plays because he wants to, and his toys 4 DELICIOUS FLAVORS WHITE* GOLDEN. SPICE. DEVIL'S FUDGE

should be appropriate to his age.

During preschool years a child will not play with any one thing for long periods of time; variety is

necessary. Contrary to popular "Millions of Cakes nl* *

opinion, however, a child is not necessarily happy when surrounded 1950 CINCH PRODUCTS INC.with numerous toys—a few wellchosen ones are less confusing.

DECEMBER 1950 1047 C-'-0''0<-''-0':0'Ori''r!tOr>

THE LIGHT TOUCH

Highly Strung

"Yes,"said the mountain climber, "I always keep a rope tied around my waist. It has saved my life more than once."

"But,"said the listener,"it must be awful to be left hanging from a rope. Don't you feel nervous?"

"Well, not exactly,"came the reply, "just highly strung."

Sympathetic

'out of talking. were men Two the Era! without contact"said one. of words,""I'm a few man baptized of P. on (who me Richmond Elder Garth Monson other. said the married, too,""I'm

of this Hyde year) Waite 27th of and Elder Jean January started the magazine returned home) both Park (now it. without ever be that should saying no Nowfor The Straight of me, member It

I underit months, the past to two that has failed come for fully they meant stand what There's receive such. a. feeling. everyofmemberhaving SHOULDlost touch Two"Do yousalesmenknowwerethat conversing.Max went to Boston, went to the the Era!

without it; especially out here in the mission field where one Acme store, made a deal, and made ten thousand dollars?"

must drive at least thirty miles for anything but Sunday asked one of the men.

School. "Listen,"said the other. "To begin with, it wasn't Max.

Sincerely It was Sam. It wasn't Boston, it was Pittsburgh. It wasn't

Dollilee Davis Smith the Acme store, it was the Emporium. And he didn't make

i ten thousand dollars. He lost it. And besides, it was I who

Santa Clara, California told it to you yesterday."

September 12, 1950 Dear Editors: With on Accent

Thank you for your check for my story "Money To Spend."

During my youthful years as a teacher, I lived in Idaho, A salesman buttonholed Ivan Popnikoff.

near Idaho Falls, and taught the Sugar Factory school (Lin- "I've got a great invention,"he said. "A dictaphone. Saves

coln) and at Iona, a part of the same district. If any of my you the trouble and expense of a stenographer. You talk into

it, push a button, and immediately you hear yourself talk back."pleasedformer topupilssee thetakecontributionThe Improvementfrom their formerEra theyteacher.will be

I was matron of girls of a mission orphanage at Unalaska, "Always some phony, newfangled invention. Positival

couldn't Alaska. be no good—absolutel couldn't be no good,"said Popnikoff. Yours sincerely

/s/ Mary E. Winchell "Wait a minute!"insisted the salesman. "Go into the other

room and try it. Talk into it and have it talk right back to

you."New Westminster, B. C, Canada He took it into the other room to try it. He talked into the

Editors: to him. talked back dictaphone Out and it he rushed.

said. "It spicks a dialect."wid he "It's no good,""Dy a mere chance a copy of The Improvement Era of

*-J September, 1943, has fallen into my hands, and I am so delighted with it that I must write you a letter of appreciation. Value Received

I hope your magazine is still being published, after these long years. First Lawyer—"As soon as I realized it was crooked busi-

I am 80 years of age and was born in the state of Oregon, ness I got out of it."Union County. About the year 1888 David Eccles and his Second Lawyer—"How much?"

brothers, Stewart and William, began the operation of sawmills in the pine forests in our foothills, and as a boy of 18

I began working for the Eccles sawmills and continued working for them for several years.... On Sunday mornings our

sawmill crew went with Elder Stoddard to a high cliff near the mill and he would mount this cliff and preach to us for an hour, the finest and most helpful sermons I ever heard.

So, this copy of your magazine recalls to me many beautiful incidents in my youth. I loved Elder Stoddard and could

have become a member of his faith. Wishing you continued

prosperity, I am, Yours very truly, Bertram W. Huffman

BIND YOUR ERA FOR 1950

to to Subscribers or otherwise prewish bind who of the 1950 volume IMPROVEMENT THE ERA serveare is the that informed preannual index being now pared. You may reserve yours by sending your name

and address to THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, 50 North

Main St.. Salt Lake City 1, Utah. Please enclose a

threecent stamp with your request to cover cost of postage.

1048 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Building with Buehnercrete... at B. Y. U.

s::;:::;.

- ill wII | n(i 511!111!fillMOT M: IMSM rar n Mrtir firsi11 itIS till1118

The new Science Building at Brigham Young University is one of the nation's truly great science centers.

In planning this building, Architect

Fred Markham specified Buehnercrete cast stone, made with sparkling white onyx marble for exterior details around windows and entrances and grilled wall sections, as well as the pendulum pit in the main foyer. Enduring quality, low maintenance, and

economy, as well as architectural beauty were sound reasons for this choice.::

*uMM

Y.U. Field House

1 - shown above under construction, will provide an athletic center for the entire Church. In this

modern athletic building, Buehnercrete blocks—100,000

of them used for interior walls and partitions—will absorb the

shouts of 7,500 to 12,000 excited basketball fans and players. These

Buehnercrete blocks were selected for their sound absorption, durability, economy, and speed of construction.

Scores of new L.D.S. buildings have been betterbuilt with BUEHNERCRETE products.

OTTO BUEHNER & CO. BUEHNER BLOCK CO.

ARCHITECTURAL CONCRETE PRODUCTS CONCRETE MASONRY UNITS 640 Wilmington Ave. Salt Lake City, Utah 2800 South West Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

''> ":..: ":

i

I

.

- amiliar carols, ages old, yet ever new, ring out in the still night air, as many voices in many lands join in thrilling harmony to proclaim the glory of Christ's nativity... and the true

spirit of Christmas.

ENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance Company George Albert Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City 1, Utah