NnvTt

V,

l<n

y

m&

-..'/ '-':-

SEE PAGE 2

JANUARY, 1939 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SA IT LAKE C tTY, UTAH.

HUB WHttKm (ftp

.ATER LIFT BEFORE FINGER A WE....WE ELEVEN USE AS AS MANY IF STICK MIND AROUND CAR, SERVICE YOUR WE TO KINDS OF LUBRICANTS A FOR OF A JOB SEE KINDAND WHATI OUT THIS OF GET CHART CAR. SINGLE THIS VERY AND SHELLUBRICATION YOU MODEL. YOUR AND MAKE LATEST ENABLES EQUIPMENT FELLOWS DO? JOINTLY BY 3 DEVISED SHELL ALL REACH "HARDTO THE US

ENGINEERS AND THE TOGET-AT "POINTS

ENGINEERS WHO BUILT YOUR CAR, IT TELLS US EXACTLY HOW THE JOB SHOULD BE DONE

GLAD TO HAVE YOU, SIR I'LL GIVE YOU THE HIGH SPOTS AS WE GO ALONG

Don't take chances with any kind of i nnfT)[i)(i, car greasing. Investigators recently lLLiLtlJJLlLlIm discovered that only one out of every

The Modern tohundredservicegreasinga car properly.stations is equipped

eep Service Is it any wonder that faulty lubrication is estimated to cause over 50% of all repair bills today!

Play safe... go to your neighbor- f hood Shell dealer for errorproof,

thorough SHELLUBRICATION.

Working with special equipment and a complete stock of Shell - engineered oils and greases, trained Shellubrication men see that ALL THESE EXTRAS WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE!

every point on your car gets precisely the service it needs. We rubber - dress tires and running boards... vacuum

Look for the Shellubrication sign in your own neighborhood. or brush out upholstery... polish windows and shine

....... silence squeaks wipe body Drive in and ask about this modern car upkeep system. chromium

... clean lenses.. and give.check check lights offbattery—body. you many other extra services—all without extra charge

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

Bnnas You All of These VALUABLEFEATURES

SCORES of valuable improvements FARMALL power and performance. If

have been made in Farmall tractors you want accessibility, insist on the consince the original FARMALL revolutionvenience of Farmall's simple, unclutized tractor design 16 years ago. The tered design. If you want to be sure,

greatest allpurpose tractor value on insist on the Red Tractor—the one

the market is today's FARMALL. If you and only genuine FARMALL. On display

want power, insist on smooth, 4-cylinin McCormickDeering dealer and der FARMALLpower, with valvein-head Companyowned branch showrooms efficiency and economy. If you want everywhere. Remember the farmer's

beauty, insist on the useful beauty of proudest boast: "I Own a FARMALL!"

3-Unrnatched ability for International Harvester Company all rowcrop work. (IHCOHPOHATED)

180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago, Illinois

PRICES % 3 <?&**J>ft 't **

FARMALL 20 equipped with rubber tires. This

rubbertired tractor has been reduced $140.

McCORMICKDEERING FARMALL

Hi

> -..-,-'

(Dd yUL JilWWHow one man stopped smoking? /MmprooementEra Page 1

'The Glory of God is Intelligence'

What relationship has been discovered between tobacco and canJANUARY, 1939 Heber J. Grant, cer of the lungs? Page 3

Richard L. Evans, say in their annual greeting?

VTHE VOICE OF THE CHURCH'Managing Editor Page 5

Marba C. Josephson,

Associate Editor Where the "lost tribes"are? Page 6 OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS,

Morris, ASSOCIATIONS, General DEPARTMUTUAL George IMPROVEMENT Q. says concernPresident Grant Mgr. What EDUCATION, Associate COMMITTEE, MUSIC Mgr. Cannon, Lucy MENT OF WARD G.

Antitobacco- ing the Churchwide, Business Orton TEACHERS, Mgr, K. CHURCH I. AGENCIES AND OTHER OF THE

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. liquor Campaign? Page 7

What notables of Church, state, and business said about the President

JjobJbL d$* CofdtsmiA. ofAnniversarythe Churchof hison Presidencythe Twentieth?.

Page 8 How a young man can acquire the

AntiLiquor-Tobacco Campaign.Heber J, Grant 7 power to achieve? Page 10

Who were the pioneer women doctors of the West and how they "broke"into the profession?

Greetings of the First Presidency 5 Page 16

Evidences and Reconciliations John A Widtsoe 6 What changed Luther from a deTribute to a Leader Richard L Evans 8 vout priest to a Protestor?...Page 20

There Stands a Man Richard L. Evans 9 What is an "Imperial Luau?"Page 24

12 of Portrait Taylor Grant a Young Man—Part 3 Rachel are the speculative some of What of Story Pyper 22 George D, The Our Hymns views Lehi's concerning

An Imperial Luau Emma K. Mossman 24 America? RoutePageto 26

Lehi's Route to America C. Douglas Barnes 26

Song: Seek Not for Riches Music by George H* Durham 30 Whatpeoplewordwhohasaregonelivingoutawayto youngfrom

Church Moves On 33 relia Bennion 45 home? Page 32

45 36 Adults Priesthood: Melchizedek the two spices come from 45 What M Men 39 Aaronic tree? same Page 34 47 Gleaners 41 Teaching Ward

MenGleaners 47 is the cost of the new MelWhat Genealogical Society 42 MExplorers 48 chizedek Priesthood Course

Juniors Messages: Mutual of 48 Study? Page 36

Executives'Greeting 43 Boy Scouts..48

Executives 43 BeeHive Girls 48 What family is raising money to

Effective Librarianship, AuField Photos.....44, 46 microfilm European records?

Page 42

the stake missions are progressSp&ooL JszobuMA. Howing? The Power to Achieve Earl J, Glade 10 Page 38

Utah's Pioneer Women Doctors—Part I—Romania B. Pratt

EDITORIAL 16 Noall EXECUTIVE AND W* OFFICES: L, Barker 20 The Protestors of Christendom—Part X ClaireJames Salt 50 North Main Street, Lake City, Utah

Exploring the Universe, FrankMathilda Buron 34 lin S. Harris, Jr 3 Here's How 35 CopyrightImprovement1939,Associationby the YoungCorporationMen's Mutualof the

On the Book Rack 31 Index to Advertisers 44 Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Homing: Spice of the Meal, Your Page and Ours 64 Alla year,rightsin reserved.advance; 20cSubscriptionSingle Copy.price, $2.00

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

mailing at special rate of postage provided "Of One Blood"John A, Widtsoe 32 forauthorizedin sectionJuly 2,1103,1918.Act of October, 1917,

Young People Going to Large Cities Presiding Bishopric 32 forTheunsolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era isbutnotwelcomesresponsiblecontributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

Jidwn, (posdfuy, tfAjoA&tvjcfuL (pu&lsL by sufficientNATIONALpostage forADVERTISINGdelivery and return.

"O Frabjous Day"Estelle Webb Thomas 14 REPRESENTATIVES

Confidence—AThe Native Blood—ChapterShort Short Story3 AlbertLorinR,F.LymanButler 2318 FrancisEdward M.S. Townsend,Mayo, Salt SanLakeFranciscoCity

Frontispiece: Pattern of Trees, Wallace 8 George T. Hopewell & Co., New York

Vesta P. Crawford 4 Poetry Page 29 E. J. Powers & Co., Chicago

To Heber J. Grant, by John M. Scriptural Crossword Puzzle 62 Hil. F. Best, Detroit

MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF JhsL Qov&Jv CIRCULATIONS This prizewinning photograph is by John Muller of New York City, by whose it is Its is courtesy intense as feeling cover. our reproduced generous January A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

it of realism symbolism, as both of and winter aware with its makes onecomposed beauties and its ravages. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

xphfdnq. ihiL lAnw&JtAJL

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

person may walk, swim, or drive in passengers the icepack are sometimes both right and left spiral turns in the forced to carry them 200 miles beyond same experiment. The direction does

Spitsbergen Islands, which are themnot seem to have anything to do with selves 360 miles north of Norway into rightor, lefthandedness. the Arctic Ocean. 4—;

4 \\7hen a picture has been taken in a "VTS/hen blindfolded persons walk in vv camera by exposing the film to *"what they intend to be a straight light, the "image"in the film can be path they actually move in more or destroyed by exposure to infra red light, less of a regular clockspring spiral. so that the film is as though no exposure

The same is true if a blindfolded man had been made as shown on developfield in drives a car a or gives directions ment. "image"becomes The more is that estimated per 60 to 70 from Tt driver. to the blindfolded stable The less easily time with swimmer deand is fourply cent car of all passenger the does same. Unexpectedly stroyed. the same

tire result injuries failures the to from tires made by jamming the tire against the curb in careless parking.

/"ver 4,000 photographs of snowflakes have been made by Wilson Bentley.

Though all the snowflakes had the same symmetry, no two were alike.

Cmoking of tobacco is responsible for * the increased deaths due to cancer of the lung, according to Drs. Alton

Ochsner and Michael De Bakey, in a report to a cancer symposium. Inhaling smoke, constantly repeated, over

long periods, irritates the lining of the bronchial tubes.

'T'he supposed love for music of snakes is a myth believed all over the world. Actually no snake is interested

in music of any kind. The music played

on flutes by charmers is bluff; the movement of the snake is fencing for an

opening as the charmer moves from side to side with rhythmic motion.

*M[ansen and other Arctic explorers have studied the thickening of sea ice. They found that in the first winter's freezing the ice is from 7 to 9 feet

thick; the second winter adds 1 to 3

feet, and the third probably less than another foot.

says y /California yon, but ithasis underits owntheGrandsea, offCanthe Ixperience shore at Monterey. The course of the

submarine canyon, which goes to depths of 6,000 feet, has been followed for over 30 miles, and its contours, similar to those of the Grand Canyon of the Colorado, have been studied.

HPhere is some evidence that fear may be a factor in behavior in higher animals. A dog was once frightened

into a sort of fit by a bone drawn across the floor on an invisible thread.

UT* H VJHE*1 cold is Iceland in theT Tow winter?

A average temperature of * The ReykSTAt* o s tvtfc* javik, the capital, is about the same as in Philadelphia, or Milan, Italy, in January. Also surprising is that tourist

companies which promise to show their (ptdieAn, /$. Jag&a.

By VESTA P. CRAWFORD

i THEREAL tapestry the winter weaves E

With broidered loops of ivory thread,

And boughs forget their web of summer leaves

To wear the winter gossamer instead,

And branches bent from weight of stormy loom

Now trace in frost their ancient filigree,

A pearled and velvety pattern of bloom

In splendor woven for the lovely tree.

boughs forget the scent of April nightTHE

No twig recalls the flame of autumn glow;

But regal wears its raiment new and white

Spun from the gauzy weft of gleaming snow.

In gratitude for this, the jewelled tree,

I shall forget the summer tapestry.

Protograph by Walter P. Cottam.

vmMMWWS1 m-iz

Wwmi

.:..:: QrZTrS /5T>& /"57>->9 JT>-& Tj-& /S?Tr- /Tt-$ /2T>S JZ?>J1 /?T-5 o

dtwttnga OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

We declare that the Lord expects men to forsake the ways He has forbidden, and that He beckons them to come into the straight and narrow path which leads to peace and happiness.

We admonish every man of high or low degree, and in whatever land, to act and live in accordance with the revealed will of the Lord, and we promise to every one of God's children who does so live, not only a joy in life and in living that nothing else can bring, but also salvation in the

Tribune Photograph. world to come, with an eternity of

PRESIDENT RIGHT, FIRST LEFT TO PRESIDENCY, THE J. service, of unspeakable happiness, PRESI- J. GRANT, JR., PRESIDENT REUBEN CLARK, HEBER

DENT DAVID 0. McKAY. and a progression that shall never

7H T THIS Christmas Time we give end.

for His bounteous f—I to the Saints and to the world a We thank God Christian greeting. gifts to His children. We praise His

for His mighty works among We proclaim to the peoples of the name grateful for His earth that Jesus is the Christ, the Only men. We are ever

Begotten of the Father, the Redeemer boundless mercy which we invokei of the World, the First Fruits of the upon both the righteous and the unResurrection. righteous. We pray that to darkened

We testify to the truth of His own minds there shall come light, and that words when He said: to the righteous there shall come a

fulness of blessing under God's wis- I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man

cometh unto the Father, but by me. (John 14:6) dom.

We deeply deplore the spirit of the antiChrist that is abroad in the world, and with sorrowing hearts contemplate the brutality of war and other forms of cruelty and injustice that even in this professedly enlightened age are still manifest. The First Presidency

Evidences and reconciliations

whom Salmanasar the King of Assyria led away captive, and he carried them over the waters, and so came they into another land. But they took this counsel among themselves,

that they would leave the multitude of the heathen, and go forth into a further country, where never mankind dwelt,

J/ribsiA. ogL Qam&L? inthattheirtheyownmightland.thereAndkeeptheystatutes,entered whichinto Euphratesthey neverbykeptthe

narrow passages of the river. For the Most High then

Tn the field of historical speculation, few themes showed signs for them, and held still the flood, till they were have been more assiduously theorized about than passed over. For through that country there was a great

to of half: go, the a year namely a and and same way location lost tribes the of the volof Israel. The

is called until region the there Arsareth. they dwelt Then

literature subject, the concerning uminous "proves"latter time; shall the they begin to come, and when now

that the tribes may be in any land under the sun, Highest shall stay the springs of the stream again, that they according to the theory accepted. In our Church, may go through.

several books on the subject, presenting differing Many fantastic theories have been set up conviews, have been written by thoughtful, honest men. cerning the location of the lost tribes. One declares,-

Fortunately, so far as human happiness here or for example, that in the northern countries are hereafter is concerned, it matters not a whit where vast subterranean caverns in which the lost tribes they are located. Unfortunately, some brethren live and prosper, awaiting the day of their return.

have entangled the subject with the theology of the Another, by diagram and argument suggests that

Gospel to their own discomfiture. a secondary small planet is attached at the north

Throughout its long history as one nation, the pole, to the earth by a narrow neck, and that the

Hebrews had been in almost continuous warfare lost tribes live there. (See Dalton, The Key to

with neighboring people; and indeed the people of This Earth. ) Others, even more unacceptable are

the valley of the Euphrates on the east, and of in circulation.

Egypt on the south and west, mighty nations, had The view most commonly held by members of paid their warlike respects to the children of Abrathe Church is that a body of Israelites are actually ham. Wars and warfare form a large part of the living in some unknown place on earth, probably in

history of united Israel. Only under David and the north. In support of this opinion are the comSolomon was the kingdom made into an empire mon knowledge that the earth is not yet fully exstrong enough to dictate terms to weaker neighbors plored, and numerous scriptural references to a

and engender wholesome respect among larger gathering of Israel from the north countries. Jerepowers. miah speaks of the house of Israel coming "out of

After the death of Solomon, the divided kingthe north country."(Jeremiah 3: 18; 23:8; 31: 8-1 1;

doms, divided also in strength, were subject to Hosea 1:11.) In the Book of Mormon, also, there

similar warfare. Invasion followed invasion; the are references to Israel coming out of the north in

larger powers to the East, viewing Palestine as a the latter days. Ether prophesies of those "who

strategically important corridor to Egypt, dewere scattered and gathered in from the four scended, with powerful armies upon the now petty quarters of the earth, and from the north countries."

kingdoms. The southern kingdom of Judah and In modern revelation the north countries are menthe northern kingdom of Israel became little more tioned in connection with the restoration of the ten

than vassals to Babylonian powers. tribes. "They who> are in the north countries shall

Following the practice of the times, the victors come in remembrance before the Lord, and their carried large numbers of the vanquished people into prophets shall hear His voice, and shall no longer captivity, to serve as slaves, craftsmen, builders, or stay themselves, and they shall smite the rocks, and even statesmen, according to their gifts and talents. the ice shall flow down at their presence."( Doc. and

There were many such captivities from among the Cov. 133:2634. ) Moreover, in the Kirtland Tempeople of Israel. ple, Moses appeared to Joseph Smith and Oliver

The captivity connected with the lost tribes is Cowdery and "committed unto us the keys of...mentioned in 2 Kings 17:6—"In the ninth year of the leading of the ten tribes from the land of the

Hoshea the King of Assyria took Samaria, and north."(Doc. and Cov. 110:11.)

carried Israel away into Assyria, and settled them Another view held by many is that the lost tribes in Khalah and on the Khabur, a river of Gozan, are in the northern part of the earth, thus fulfilling and in the cities of the Medes."A similar statethat scriptural requirement, but not necessarily in

ment is made in 1 Chronicles 5:26. That is all we one body. In support are quoted the many referhear of them. From that time they are literally ences in scripture to the gathering of Israel from

"lost"to history, except for a passage in the the four corners of the earth and the isles of the

Apocrypha, II Esdras, 13:4047: sea. Further than that, while north countries are

Those are the ten tribes, which were carried away prismentioned, nowhere is it specifically stated that oners out of their own land, in the time of Osea the King, the lost tribes are in one body apart from other

EDITOR'S P FSUhs

Underthe Twelvedate of inAprilpart26,as 1937,follows:the First Presidency wrote to the Council of

"You may proceed to organize a campaign throughout the Church against the use of alcoholic beverages. We suggest, however, that you continue to lay

special emphasis upon the evils that follow the use of the cigarette and other forms of tobacco.

"We commend your plan to make this campaign a project for all the Priesthood quorums, both Melchizedek and Aaronic, charging the quorums with the responsibility of (a) keeping their own members free from the vice of using alcohol and tobacco, and (b) assisting all others to do likewise....

"Auxiliary organizations should give to the Priesthood quorums such help in the campaign as may be consistently requested of them by Priesthood quorums."

Since this letter was written, an educational campaign throughout all the stakes of the Church for the nonuse of alcoholic beverages and tobacco has been inaugurated along the lines indicated in the letter of the First Presidency.

I commend this movement to all stake, ward, Priesthood quorum, and auxiliary organization authorities, and urge them to cooperate through committees and special workers to make the campaign thorough and complete.

The youth, as well as all adult members of the Church, should be reached by this movement to the end that they may become free from the use of these things that the Lord has said are not good for man.

peoples. It is contended that the wandering tribes found. It is further suggested that a part of the

actually settled in northern Europe and Asia, and ten tribes may be somewhere in seclusion, but also throughout the centuries mingled with the people that their blood may be among the nations through there, until the blood of Israel runs strong among which they passed on their long migration, thouthe northern peoples. Thus is explained the relasands of miles if they reached the arctic regions.

tively ready acceptance of the Gospel by the British, ( See George Reynolds, Are We of Israel? Also,

Scandinavian, and German peoples. Those who Allen H. Godbey, The Lost Tribes, a Myth.)

hold this view feel that prophecy has been literally The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints fulfilled by the gathering of Latterday Saints from believes in the restoration of the ten tribes; and that

Northern Europe to the Church in Western Amerit is a part of the mission of the Church to gather ica. The notable BritishIsrael movement is built scattered Israel into the fold of truth. It knows

upon such a dispersion of the lost tribes. (See that throughout the ages, under the wise economy

Stephen Malan, The Ten Tribes), of the Lord, the blood of Israel, most susceptible

A third view attempts to reconcile the two preto Gospel truth, has been mingled with all nations.

ceding ones. We are reminded that historically The scattering of Israel is a frequent theme of

and prophetically it is well known that Israel has writers of the Bible. So firm is this belief that the

been scattered among the nations. By removal from Latterday Saints, for over a hundred years, at

the Holy Land through successive captivities, and great sacrifices of money, energy, and life itself, voluntary migrations, often due to persecution, have gone out over the earth to preach the restored and by intermarriage with other races, the blood of Gospel, and bring all men into the House of Israel.

Israel is now found in almost every land and among The question concerning the location of the lost every people. The ancient writers spoke of "the tribes, of itself unimportant, is interesting in showtwelve tribes which are scattered abroad."It is ing how such matters are allowed to occupy men's

suggested that on the northward march of the lost time and tempers, in a day that calls for helpful tribes, many fell from the company, remained at action among those who are within our reach.

various points of the journey, there became mixed Time will reveal the whereabouts of the lost tribes.

with the people living there, until today, along the It is our concern to help fulfil the plan of God, by line of the exodus, the blood of Israel may be eager daily service. J. A. W,

Tribune Photograph. THE GUESTS AT THE HEAD TABLE MARCH IN

TO HEBER J. GRANT

( Written by the Hon. John M. Wallace, Mai/or o[ Salt Lake City, asJ/JJbjuJjL to cl 3bwudsuc part of his tribute for the occasion of

November 23, 1938.)

material lines religion, and of race, all Overriding apart from the granite STOOD contemporaries of President business interests, the I shaft

Grant called together more than five hundred leaders That is the Great White Throne, of the West and the Nation to do him honor, on the That distance might in truth impart

Twentieth Anniversary of his Presidency of the The vastness of the mighty dome.

Church. Great clefts that marked the vaulting

By RICHARD L. EVANS Thatthrustraised a mountain crest so high

Were moulded in the gathering dusk,

Of the First Council Its crags were softened in a cloudless of the Seventy sky.

I stood apart from a man of men eightysecond birthday anniversary And beyond, in timeless space.

a His labors monument had fashioned 22, 1856), and marked (November will not efyears weathering Which of his anniversary twentieth the face.

Presidency of the Church ( November 23, 1918). I stood apart from a servant of Him

(Continued on page 54) Who sits on the Great White Throne;

His monument is a spire of grace

A GENERAL VIEW OF THE LAFAYETTE ROOM Built from God's work alone.

AND THE SEATED BANQUET GUESTS.

Photograph by D. F. Davis.

Tribune Photograph.

PRESIDENT GRANT AND PRESIDENT McKAY

ARE SEEN STANDING BY THE BIRTHDAY CAKE.

Theresuperlativesare timesis whenjustifiable,the useandof such a time was the occasion of November 23, 1938, when, overriding all lines of race, religion, politics, or material interests, more than five hundred national and western leaders of business, industry, and the professions gathered at a banquet and program in the Lafayette

Room of the Hotel Utah, Salt Lake

City, to join in saying of the guest of honor, President Heber J. Grant:

"There stands a man!"

The affair was spontaneously conceived and executed by a group of

Salt Lake City business men, widely diversified as to religious affiliations, political persuasions, and business interests. The occasion was one of

unblemished good will, high honor, and affectionate regard for President

Grant. The day followed his

RE STANDS A MAN

''This brief characterization of the life of a man appeared originally

UNDER THE TITLE "PORTRAIT OF A Man"

AS PART OF THE HeBER J, GRANT SOUVENIR PROGRAM PREPARED FOR THE OCCASION REFERRED TO ON THE OPPOSITE PAGE.

|n A bleak day of winter, November 22, railroads, insurance companies, implement houses, mercantile 1856, an unheralded infant opened his institutions, and manufacturing enterprises-—not only because

has because he outpost barrenness the is the leader worldwide of a desert of a snowcovered he eyes upon people—but

integrity, for industry, economic political and stood with meagre always economic future and Oand Thewhose was insecure.

help afforded by a frontier community attended the heroic individual security. More than any other living man, he

pioneer mother at the birth of this, her first and only child; symbolizes growth in the West from the old to the new.

first of of City, father, died Salt pneuthe Lakeand Mayor life the is It as through well look back to remember we the in leader able nine but overworked daysmonia later-—an presents perspective a that our of much Grant now Heber J. settlelifespiritual, political struggling the of economic, and the at the picture different he from view was had when

to thatment. a noble woman, came it was widowhood Thus this he other looking what end was way. now know Wehe fatherless to future boy. aand an unknown life that then only to must but destined he become, knew

The stubborn drive of necessity from without, and the be lived honorably and industriously, in order that a widowed ceaseless urge of persistence from within, carried the boy mother might be cared for, that a family might be reared, from delicate health to early achievement in sports, and from and that the Lord, his Maker, might, at that day when all poverty to early success in business. With formal education shall stand before Him, say "Well done."

inhislimited, proprietor of nevertheless he became own life himself builded the of he honor, has The we man officer nineteen; business at investmentsurance an and the correct of debedrock upon principles—undeviating institution of professor at twenty; penmanshipof a banking in his faith to religious convictions; unfaltering votion a

in his citizenship before twenties; early accountingand and

is generosity of mankind; and the Father Being Supreme who his built at conferred he twentyone had him uponwas financial, loyalty; persistence, industry, brotherly kindness;

his establish to married home, begun amother and and new political, in these has pursued moral he and integrity—and called of family. the twentyfour Before he been age hadown in of times times inconvenience. of convenience and Confill difficult to Salt important from City and aaway Lake principles these cerning not foundation has asked he what

Still in President's twentysix, post he Tooele.Stake under

is is right, expedient. and, asked has only having what He politicalset his aside of cherished ambitions wealth and own it, it. determined straightway has he done

first of could (he undoubtedlyhonor been have Governor the State of Utah), to become "the servant of all,"in response And thus it is that as President Heber J. Grant begins the

to a call to the Apostleship from the Church that brought his eightythird year of his life, leaders of business, industry, and parents West and claimed his father's life. the professions, from throughout the inland West and the

To look at this man now one might be led to suppose that Nation, gather to say: "There stands a man!"the obstacles of his life had faded away before him. It would—Richard L. Evans.

be possible to believe that the rough places had been easily traversed by his determined stride, that success had come with moderate effort, that Providence had spared him much of life's travail. The flawless performance of a master musician looks easy, too, and, in our enjoyment of his art, we

sometimes close our thoughts to the toil and heartbreak, the faith and vision, that mark the upward course.

This man is great, not because he has been spared the hardships of life, but because he has overcome them. Providence gave him strength, not ease; courage, not protection;

faith, not a favored lot; integrity, not freedom from temptation. He has buried the beloved companions of his youth,

and has seen death take his only sons in childhood, while none are left to carry on his name, and yet there has been found no bitterness in his heart, but only faith in God and in

His ability to bring ultimate good from all things. He has

seen ambitions swept aside and business ventures crushed, but was never found without courage to carry on. He has

seen personal wealth change to staggering debt overnight, but yet has refused the legal protection of bankruptcy, preferring to work through years of deprivation, and his family with him, to pay off every dollar of obligation. aF*&*i:

Save only Brigham Young, perhaps no man has organized, fostered, or encouraged more industries and economic enterprises in the inland West than Heber J. Grant. His name

appears upon the officers'and directors'rosters of banks.

HE POWER TO ACHIEVE

(fauL diow Qfoidk.

May. CkqiwvL Qt

By EARL J. GLADE

Of the General Board, Deseret SunTheIt isformulaso simple,is simple!if we are to folManagerday Schoolof Union,Radio Stationand GeneralKSL.

low the biographies and careers of the world's greatest business and professional men, that we laymen work, no matter how menial, is imstance, "If ye would know, ye must are afraid it won't work. Too portant, if it truly helps mankind and do."

often we will have none of it, even points toward world betterment. It was He who graphically rewhen it is so easily ours for the dovealed the actual and potential

ing! To Begin power of doing.

Merely chanting, "Every day, in

The way for us to secure a Tn the first instance, we may well every way, I am becoming better and definite and continuing increase discredit certain occult theories or better,"for instance, won't help in our power or ability to systems of building will power. Alanyone very much unless it is folachieve is simply to do the jobs though they sound impressive, atlowed up by definite activity proimmediately at hand, with all of tempts to coerce the brain almost cedures.

the skill, excellence, and superb never have the effect sought. When Today we know that learning to

influence to set out our own ority of which we are capable. we deachieve comes only by doing. We

it should be kept in mind meanor, "practicing"an intelligent learn by

There has long been a struggle bethat we all behave in harmony with of that which we would learn.

tween ability and achievement. Acnatural law. In building a program of Paderewski once said:

cording to scientific authorities, on achievement, therefore, we should "If I miss my practice a single day, the average, we do our work only proceed accordingly. I certainly know it. If I miss it

about elevensixteenths as well as A lot of socalled inspirational two days, the whole world knows it."

we might. In other words, we stuff has been written about building

usually don't do it as well as we acwill power and stimulating selfcon- How to Proceed tually know how. fidence. Most of it is very frothy.

this moment, you are reading Question: The facts are that socalled At

inHow can we expect an increase will power is not worth a snap these words. Let us assume

are reading stead that to or ability youin our power The do when in obachieving finger of one's in the to have use hardly by James Making begunwe it is the jectives, unless to Mind harnessed are readRobinson. If you have? already Harveypower we a specific program of activity. retain less ing casually, If the counsel you will of wisdom, therefore, is heeded, winning our spurs in About nineteen hundred and six than 10% of what your eyes glance

the field of world achievement is not years ago the Savior Himself laid over.

an insuperably difficult or involved down the facts underlying the law It is pretty well agreed that we thing, provided we realize that all of achievement. He said, in subremember about as follows: 10%

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

of what we read; 20% of what we half dollar and that it can be put

hear; 30% of what we visualize; safely away without causing much

50% of what we see and hear at the discomfort. Usually we want to

same time; 70% of what we say with wait until we have $500 before we

care and deliberation, and 90% of really begin. The result: we never

what we do. begin!

Therefore, a desire and a will to

Obviously, if the subject matter is save must first be cultivated.

worthy, as it is in the instance referOn being asked how he spent his red to, we can only gain power in income, a young man once said:

mastering it by reading with care "About 30 percent for shelter;

and earnestly endeavoring to make 30 percent for clothing, 40 percent it our own. Taking notes, underfor food and 20 percent for amusescoring high points, writing stimument."

lating marginalia that jot down our "But,"said his friend, "That addsown reactions—that's about the only up to 120 percent."

way we can really drive these good "That's right,"rejoined the young things home. It is well to remember man.

that he who reads to retain and to use Without personal discipline in is already on the way to power. spending and thoughtful budgeting,

So then, no matter what we are saving is surely difficult. They

doing at the moment, we can begin come next.

here and now to augment our power to achieve by doing it better than That Vital First Step we have ever done it before, and, Tt is the Chinese who say that a if utterly possible, better than it journey of a thousand miles bewas ever done before by anyone! gins with the first step. So with

No man, regardless of his years, saving.

should ever forget the admonition Therefore, the best possible way to our youth: When you play, to begin, as successful men like the

play hard; when you work, don't late Andrew Carnegie, Carl R. Gray,

play at all! and President Heber J. Grant have

suggested again and again, is to take

A Carpenter Points the Way that first step with our smallest units nickels, and A contracting carpenter recently of coinage—pennies,

called at our home as a ward dimes. If we are good personal disteacher. He was humble in appearciplinarians we shall gradually deance and manner, but selfconfident. velop the urge to save, and shall esAccepting Dr. Link's definition of Another example of how betablish the desire as well as the

personality, which is; "the extent ing inwardly aware of one's power to have and to hold.

to which the individual has developstrength and modestly sure of We shall get away from that comed habits and skills which interest oneself, adds to one's power. plex of so many young men who do

and serve other people,"I could not not earn the funds they personally help making inquiry about this man. Power Through Saving Money use, which is: Money is something

theresubstitute of; rid get and to field of in the nothing of T know youth, his a he worked As way it is earned, matter for: whom by No gives affairs a one that business a through carpenter apprenticeship. treasure and to is something money tone and mental physical and later all studied estimating, the finer He it propbe of share save. may to A of conscious one. more that makes skill. his increasing while manual it dissicent of a not but erly used able, in been to have than power gradually qualified building as He pated. still debts and one's to meet honor, contractor. inand saving game a making By balance. bank a modest have

spirit of play, the somewhat that apparent his jobs It was were young jecting effect on a energizing The are necessary sacrifices well the small his in hand. stressed He earned, of $500 honorably inman,

sistence on superior workmanship saved and placed securely away, is soon forgotten.

and looked upon every job as a true so stimulating that every reasonable Therefore, the vital point is reflection of his personality and effort should be forthcoming to to begin to save now—first with

character. It was evident that he achieve it. Being ahead financially the smallest units of coinage,

had a way of getting excellent workjust naturally steps up one's power. and then, as rapidly as is conmanship out of his men by expecting sistent with one's affairs, the

it in no uncertain way, and nobody How to Save larger units.

around of his jobs any going was is simso for saving formula to HThe bills let him down. paid His were will A Specific Saving Procedure of us pie that relatively few

and usuto procedures anything do with saving he had a bank balance and have "Rffective it. We credit. are that schemes to want vital points: seem three ally embrace

By word and bearing here truly grandiose and complex before we ( 1 ) A specific amount of money as is a man of power. He knows the begin. a saving objective; (2) over a defistrength of excellence and system The hardest part of saving is for nite period of time; (3) to be acand he puts the power they represent us to convince ourselves that we can complished in a particular way.

to work for himself. positively do without this particular (Continued on page 60)

LPortrait YOUNG MAN By RACHEL GRANT TAYLOR

shone Falls. On the road leading to for Ogden on my way for Oakley,

the Falls, they saw rabbits by the Cassia Co., Idaho, in company with

Part III thousands which as they ran would Apostles F. M. Lyman and John

Traveling in the eighties and stirclouds.the Milesdust distantinto greatthey couldhoveringsee HunterHenry (ofSmith,GrantsvilleBishop), Edwardand his

traveling today present a the highflung spray and hear the daughter, Miss Etta Hunter....

contrast. marked Today of the cataract. Lorenzo Apostle visitroar on the camped was They Snow

ing a stake some distance away of fishing, train., R. Falls but. also E. at the Young and all went

as one of the General Authorities only a single white fish was lured Wanship, Summit Co.

or of auxiliary as a an member the stream. from visit "I Brother a with had Young or aboard means two a day on Father's of record There is no to other riding Ogden. Among or dinerPullman the meals with on journal a kept having from July, told that things he heard he had mea in ride with conauto a speedy 1882. to 1881, September, in others with mentioned name myvenient the eating places along

road. In the eighties it meant carryHis last visit to Oakley is deconnection with the next delegate to

ing provisions and bedding and scribed day by day in his journal of Congress. In and of myself I could

traveling slowly by team over rough 1882. Traveling day and night, not possibly fill the place as my eduroads, roads so dusty that the wagon camping out, sleeping in a loft or in a cation and daily life have not been

tires dug deep into the loose soil, or wagon box when the homes were of such a character as to qualify me

I have full conso muddy that the horses did double crowded, entertained in a home for this position, but fill the in that fidence place with I could bed with the mother was where pulling the load andduty—pulling our with people exold myself and honor to baby, were her sevenday of the fromthe wheels free grasp

clinging clay. periences which seem strange today; the assistance of Our Heavenly

An account of Father's presidency of Tooele Stake would be incomplete without going with him to the then faroff branches of the stake in the vicinity of Oakley, Idaho.

From ten to fourteen days were spent when wagons were used. Now

it takes five hours in an automobile.

Most of the traveling in those days was done in white tops—fourspring wagons with white canvas

coverings, the sides of which could be rolled up. They were large

enough to carry provisions and to make a bed in the back. Besides but from the record we see how This pioneerOLD stoneTOOELEstructureSOUTH wasWARDthe scene of

food, a party would take baled hay smoothly they fitted into the lives of much of President Grant's public activity as Presiand grain for their animals but dethe men and women of yesterday. dentplace ofof Tooelethe region.Stake. ThisIt waspicturethe wasprincipaltaken meetingat the

funeral and brother mother R. Lyman's of Richard

president President after time Grant waspended on the Saints for most of The journal record reads: some

are of of Authorities the Church the General Mosttheir meals. "Salt Lake City, Tuesday, Sept. in there. picture, the young including the Grant, Heber J. During one of these trips Father 19r7i/82: Spent the day at my ofman.

had the misfortune to have a recurfice. In the evening wife and I atrence of his poison ivy rash. To cure tended the Walker Opera House. Father. If it is His will that I go

this the brethren dug a hole in the The Union Square Company of there, there is nothing that I know mud, so that as he sat in it only his New York played 'The Banker's of that would give me more pleashead was above the surface of the Daughter.'The acting, (playing, ure. But I hope and pray that I will

ground. They then filled up the hole. should say), was splendid, as good not be selected unless I have the

As they were in the process of shovas I have ever seen. Wednesday. assistance of our Heavenly Father,

eling in the mud, a young fellow on a Spent the day at the office. Aposas I know that I would make a comhorse appeared on the neighboring tle F. M. Lyman, John C. Sharp plete failure and in a great degree

bluff. He appeared terrified as he ( Vernon, Tooele Co. ) wife and childestroy what little reputation I now

saw a man being buried and drove dren took dinner with us. We Had have. I am not big headed enough

off as quickly as possible. The a short but pleasant visit. Wife and to think that the brethren will select

party had a laugh at the stories I again went to see the Union Square a boy for delegate to congress."..

which he would probably tell. The Company play, 'The False Friend.'"Jas. Sharp of the Utah Central

remedy may have appeared a severe Thursday, Spent the day at the Railroad gave me a pass from Salt one but it effected a cure. Their trip office and in getting ready to start Lake to Ogden and return for

included a visit to the great Shofor Idaho... Took the 3.40 train Bishops Hunter and Burridge, Miss

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

Hunter, and Sharp has more particularly on account of the myself—Jas.been kind to me in this way once or audience being mostly nonMor-

twice before and some day trust I mons. After meeting, our party

shall have a chance to do him a drove to the residence of Brother favor. We reached Terrace shortly Jas. S, Lewis. We expected to diafter 12 o'clock a. m."vide up but Sister Lewis insisted

"Oakley, Cassia Co., Idaho, Fri., upon our all stopping. We had a

Sept. 22nd/S2: We were met at very pleasant visit with Brother

Terrace by Bishop Horton D. Haight Lewis and family. Whittle, Dayley,

of Oakley and Bishop Hunter's Polton, and I slept in the wagons son, William. We left Terrace so as not to crowd the folks in the

about 1:30 a. m. Drove 15 miles to house. The liberal and hospitable

a stock ranch for breakfast. At 7 manners of Brother Lewis and fam-

a. m. continued our journey until ily were most pleasing and I felt to

between 11 and 12. Stopped for be thankful and to wish for their

feed and lunch. Left our camp at success and prosperity. It has

12:45 and reached Oakley shortly rained off and on all day, mixed with

after 6 p. m. I found my brother a little hail. Snow on the mountains."his motherGeorge and I was well—HEBER

to findpleased things he had in THE TIMEJ. GRANTHE BECAMEAS HE ANAPPEAREDAPOSTLE. AT ABOUT

such good shape. Albion, Wednesday, September

"Saturday. Am feeling much betfaith but what are calculated to make 27/82: The storm has passed off.

ter than last evening. Was someus better and to inspire a love of the Our party left for Cassia Creek at

what tired after yesterday's ride. good and pure."8:45. We reached the residence of

The road was not very good and in "Monday: Lyman, Smith, Haight, Brother Cole shortly before 12 m His wife gave us a most excellent opinionmy it is fully 65 miles from Whittle, Martindale drove and I

dinner.here to Terrace. miles. down Goose Creek several

"At 1 1 o'clock attended meeting. I was much pleased to notice the "Meeting at 2 p. m. The meetingBishop Horton D. Haight expressed marked improvement on all sides. house was very good and a credit to

in Cassia.,.. Ourhis pleasure at having Apostles LyWe called at Brother Hyrum Wells. the Saints

man and Smith, also other brethren He treated us to melons. Lyman, meeting was a good one and I have

present with the Saints in Oakley. Smith and I took dinner with my no doubt the people felt to rejoice

Apostle Lyman followed. He spoke brother George and his mother. and be thankful for the many good

50 minutes. Complimented the About four o'clock we called on instructions given by Brothers LySaints on the many material imBro.Worthington. His wife had as man and Smith. The following

provements that had been made since fine a flower garden as I have seen children were blessed and named:

our visit of last year. His discourse for many a day. Bro. Worthington Elijah Bion, Lyman, mouth; Julia

was a most excellent one. Gave the had a large number of trees growing Alberta Harris, Lyman, mouth;

people a great amount of good adin nice shape; they were of many George Wells, Smith, mouth,

vice, of such a character as the Saints different kinds. Brother and Sister "After meeting, our party drove

needed for the government of their Worthington came to Oakley last to Almo Valley. Lyman, Smith,

daily lives. He entreated the people December and I must say that they Whittle, and I stopped with Brother

to be kind, to be patient, to be updeserve much credit for the fine start M. Durfee. We were kindly reright, honest, to live in harmony made by them. The flower garden ceived by Brother Durfee. Found

with each other. Advised the Saints was very fine. About five o'clock his wife in bed. Had a baby seven

to fence their farms as soon as posour party left for the Little Basin. days old. Whittle and I slept in

sible, as good fences were calculated... Meeting at 7 p. m. Bishop the loft of Brother Durfee's barnto keep out bad feelings.... Hunter spoke 15 minutes.... slept fine."

"Sunday. Meeting at 10 a. m. Bishop Haight spoke.... minutes. I "Thursday, September 28th: Held

Bishop Hunter spoke 12 minutes. spoke 18 minutes. I felt good freemeeting at eleven o'clock..'".. The

... I then spoke 27 minutes; felt dom in speaking, I don't know that Saints voted to have a branch of

good liberty in talking to the Saints. I ever felt better. John Hy. Smith Cassia Ward.... There were

Apostle John Henry Smith followed; spoke 37 minutes, F. M. Lyman, about thirty people present at our

spoke 52 minutes. The people of 39 minutes. I never heard them meeting. A good spirit was with us

the world had endeavored to break speak any better in my life. Their and I was pleased that a branch

down the influence of our leaders by remarks were very refreshing and organization was given the Saints blackening their characters. Our encouraging to me. I remember that at this place. At 2:30 our party left

Prophet Joseph had been tried on our meeting held here in August /81 for Kelton, a distance of forty miles.

different charges 56 times, and alwas a most excellent one, just about Reached Kelton shortly after 10 ways cleared himself. When the such a one as we have had this p. m. The last part of bur ride was

Prophet Joseph was killed the world evening."not very pleasant, too much dust."

thought our Church would be sure to "Little Basin, Cassia Co., Idaho, "Kelton, Box Elder Co., Friday,

go to pieces. When President Young Tuesday, September 26, 1 882: RainSeptember 29, 1882: Leaving Brothdied they thought the same, and for ing this a. m. Our party... left ers Haight, Daley, and Whittle at

a time left us alone. But finding that for Albion. Reached Albion about Kelton, the balance of our party took

we are growing and increasing they 12 m. Meeting at 3 p. m. I was the 5 a. m. train for Ogden. Found

are again wideawake in trying to thankful that our Heavenly Father my wife, little ones, and also mother crush the unity of our people. There.gave the brethren a goodly portion all well, for which I am thankful.

are none of the principles of our of His Spirit in the meeting today, {Continued on page 60)

DAY"\\O FRABJOUS By ESTELLE WEBB THOMAS

(hwih&Jv QjudhbsUiL M&uf ire which, always ihsL Afii/uL d$, QhhL&ijmaA. ihwvnphA,thought itC'uthbertrank injustice when people said he and Tubby deliberately oju&A. alt impA. x> adv&Mjfy.wrecked the Tenth Grade's Christmas play. Or, at least, as Mark

Twain remarked when he read the report of his own death in a news-—and—most any of us fellows could

paper, it was grossly exaggerated. take the part of Romeo!"

And the story that went around that Tubby modestly forebore to menthing you children could handle. I

he had insulted Mr. Beamish and tion that he already saw himself in think you should be the one to dethat Tubby had pulled his nose—that romantic role. cide on a play, Nadine!"

and then, on top of all that, to be "Nonsense!"said Mr. Beamish, "Well, then,"Miss Norwood

of you, we'll play the 'ChristmasaccusedChristmas—well,of Hallowe'enit all goestricksto showon briskly,speare! "YouI suggestyoungstersDickens'try 'ChristShake- smiled, "if it's satisfactory with all

how scandals get started. mas Carol'!"Mr. Beamish, the Carol.'Now, we must get on with

The trouble all began on the illNatural History teacher, was also the casting, as it's getting late."

omened day when Miss Norwood, new to Pleasantville High School "Did you get that 'Nadine'?"

the pretty new English teacher, de- a roundfaced, smiling, assured Tubby nudged Cuthbert and shot a cided that the Tenth Grade students young man, who would know a black glance in the direction of the of Pleasantville High should put on great deal more about the psychology beaming Mr. Beamish. All right

a Christmas play. Nothing that of youth when he became a little for you, my beamish boy!"And

would interfere with the Senior's older himself. At his crass suggesCuthbert jumped when Tubby's

annual Christmas play, of course; tion, Tubby turned a look of anguish voice rang out, "I suggest Mr.

just some little thing that would help upon his unconscious back. So Beamish for the part of Scrooge!"

them to express themselves and perpained was his expression, that "O, no, thanks!"Mr. Beamish

haps make a few pennies for the class Cuthbert leaned nearer and whissaid, hastily, a quick flush dyeing his coffers. pered, sympathetically, "Stomach round, shining face, "I'm here merely

Cuthbert, wrestling with midyear ache, Tubby?"to help. But if I should take a part

it certainly 'Carol,'not in the would the neck!"pain in a Tubby "No, that until neverexams, had known

I really think one. leading the be maleveying Beamish muttered, Mr. felt about Missevening Tubby how

role of the more suited the Nephew here, anyolently, doing he "What's experience should thoughNorwood; Misshave taught him that whenever a new way? He hasn't any say about our to my type, don't you, Na—

and pretty face appeared on the English class!"Norwood?"a good make "Butch would just Norwood, helping Miss "O,horizon, as Harold (known Tubby

little sugHelen Ward "I Scrooge!"Cuthbert, guess,"answered immeIto parents ) was and teachers

diately headover-heels in love; and notice he's generally around where gested, sweetly.

he, Cuthbert, cast for the role of she's at.""And Harold would do for MarCupid, by a malign Fate long ago, Tubby winced, not at the gramley's ghost,"said Mr. Beamish.

would be involved in the plot sooner matical error, and Cuthbert swalTubby glared.

or later. Now, watching his friend's lowed hard. At least he knew. "If I got to be in it, I'll be Marface at the Class meeting, while the "Now, listen, Tubby,"he whisperley's ghost!"said Cuthbert, quickly,

English teacher earnestly discussed ed, earnestly, "You watch out! sensing trouble,"and let's haveplays, he felt an old familiar sinking You're going to get all involved up Tub—I mean Harold for Bob

at the pit of his stomach at what he in another love affair, first you know, Cratchit, the clerk."

saw. and work me into it! I can always Thus with many heartburnings "Have you any suggestions as to tell! Now you just—and subtle undercurrents the play

a suitable play, Harold?"Miss Nor- "Let's have everyone's attention, was finally cast and rehearsals got

wood asked, prettily appealing to Cuthbert!"said Miss Norwood, reunder way. There was very little

Tubby, whose fatuous expression provingly, "We must get on with time, for Miss Norwood had not had was causing Cuthbert such acute this. Everyone agree to 'A Christher bright idea until a short two

embarrassment. mas Carol'?"weeks before the Christmas holidays.

"Well,"Tubby said, judicially, "it "I don't!"grunted Butch, the But, as Mr. Beamish pointed out,

all depends on what we are going school roughneck, "I've seen that the play was such an old favorite, in for. If we're going in for tragedy, thing a million times, at least. Why and he was so glad to help out, it

off with a bang.my idea is, we couldn't do better than not have something upto-date? A should go

Shakespeare. For instance,"he enmurder mystery or something?"He was only too glad to help,

larged in the stunned silence that "Well,"Miss Norwood hesitated, Tubby complained to Cuthbert, followed this bomb, "Romeo and loath to hurt anyone's feelings,"I behind the wings. Himself a veryJuliet can't be beat when it comes to hardly think—grouchy Bob Cratchit, he watched

good oldfashioned tragedy. Of "Nonsense!"said Mr. Beamish Mr. Beamish's pollyannish interprecourse,"he added hastily, "You'd again, positively, "The 'Christmas. tation of the worthy clerk with a

have to be Juliet, Miss Norwood, and Carol'is always suitable, and somejaundiced eye.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

"That kind of face hooked up to futile efforts to keep the peace befying Fate, which had certainly that kind of name is a terrible temptween the sullen students and overgiven fair warning, at the eleventh tation,"he whispered, later. Cuthzealous Mr. Beamish, fluttered like hour she cast and recast with a

bert looked blank. "What do you a wounded dove. reckless hand.

mean?"Then, just two days before the Mr. Beamish, who from much

"Why, that verse from Alice in play was to be presented, Butch's coaching, knew every part, nobly

Wonderland, you know; something little sister stopped Miss Norwood stepped into the breach and took

about 'My beamish boy*. I think in the hall. "Butch said to tell you over the part of the Nephew, for

it's in 'Alice Through the Lookhe's got mumps and can't even come which he had delicately declared ing Glass.'It's hard to remember to the play,"she announced calmly. himself fitted at first. Later, though

he's a teacher and not quote it at Her tone conveyed the idea that Tubby was never quite clear as to him!"mumps were a welcome alternative how it happened, he was also Bob

to Butch. Before night, The Spirit Cratchit, since the two parts did not

.From the very first, nothof Christmas Past, Martha Cratchit conflict, and Tubby found himself a

ing went right with the play. Mr. and The Spirit of Christmas Yet To reluctant Scrooge.

Beamish was genial and condesCome, had all succumbed, and Miss The fateful night eventually arcending. He was helpful and offiBlair, of the Second Grade, sent rived and even Cuthbert, whose hiscious. He laughingly mimicked these word that Tiny Tim was threatened. trionic ability was nothing to write

adolescents to whom dignity was As difficulties increased, Miss home about, was too excited to eat more precious than life itself, and Norwood's determination increased his dinner. Nothing more need be

then kindly demonstrated how it in proportion. Like most gentle persaid to indicate the high tension exshould be done. Miss Norwood, in sons, she was tenacious as glue. Deisting in the cast, generally. The

Cratchit family, having been struck most disastrously by the mumps epiIFMATESHE NEVERAGAIN,SAWIT WOULDANY OF STILLHIS DEARBE TOOFRIENDSSOON.ANDSOCLASSWITH demic, was composed almost entirely

A ABOUT, GLANCE FURTIVE recruits. HE SLIPPED OUT THE BACK of make up for new To

SILENTLY AWAY. DOOR AND STOLE of lacked they in knowledge what

their parts, they had provided a really sumptuous Christmas dinner.

Miss Norwood was aghast when they filed in laden with chicken (masquerading as goose) pies, pudding with vinegar sauce, and various delicacies not mentioned in the text.

"Why, girls, there'll never be time to eat all that!"she exclaimed,

as they arranged the food carefully on a convenient bench and threw a table cloth over it.

"Well, the actors can eat what's left, afterward, if they all went without supper like I did!"declared

Martha.

Later, Mr. Beamish and Patsy

Brown insisted that Tubby was right there and heard all this, but he and

Cuthbert proved that he was on the other side of the stage, getting into

Scrooge's longtailed coat and chin whiskers.

However that was, the initial scene between the miser and his friend

Marley's ghost went off very poorly indeed. Cuthbert had been in the

very act of clanking onto the stage at Tubby's cue, delivered in a pointedly raised tone of voice, when he found himself jerked swiftly back by Mr. Beamish, just back from his

own encounter with Scrooge.

"Why are those long black trousers showing a foot or so under your shroud?"he demanded, "ghosts

don't wear black pants!""Mother

fixed it so they didn't show,"mut1Mlk0k tered Cuthbert, "but I can't seem to get the hang of it. Seems to be

more me than sheet!"

"Take them off! Take them off.

(Continued on page 57) Utah's pioneer WOMEN DOCTORS By CLAIRE WILCOX NOALL

INTRODUCTION circled valley at his feet. In the

diversion of population and settleThe Unique Urgency Which Led ment there were strength, independto the Study of Medicine ence, and selfsufficiency, three of the

Among Mormon Women most important phases of the great their pioneer Mormon backcolonization.

PRATT AS SHE APPEARED ROMANIA BUNNELLINTOground the lives of Utah's early And yet the farther from Salt 1879. ABOUT

women doctors inevitably blend. Lake City that families settled, the

childbirth bethe of greater hazard of settlement farspreading In the arhealth. after the year a Within in fortunate were came. Mothers large Territory ofthe Utah, vast rival the Pioneers, of while they were if minthey stakes the outlying were infinite blessing.families an were still living in Fort, old the walled another to istered by who woman in there doctors were fewHowever, called Richards Dr. he Willard and in all training at received any hadthis of Promise. Though Land wife, nurse, his English an Hannah, unborn were Children midwifery. period thecertain of midwives practical to nursing, teach women circumstances. heartrending At der reflect inleft that the recordshave children. of care midwifery, But and frightful times, mother's a when their of long andestimable worth this limited of the couple scope was silence of into the lapsed agony service, of laboredpatient most them in City; Salt the lived Lake lost. too—they death, babies were The thein counties near populous the a measureless. Territory was And travail with fraught of hour wasoriginal colony. of century before quarter a passed left fever the dread danger and many swalthen not Distance been had first studied medicine. the woman rheumatism. incurable with in distime, remote andlowed by 1873 BunRomania It was when to refused go so, no all Even suffertricts, woman often too dreadful set nell to the attend out Pratt Womof far places the into and unknown resulted death froming even and in Philadelan's College Medical

itself Zion. the was snow Deep new physician of boththe and absence phia.

if to order the came bar moving nopracticed midwife. asked had Brigham Heber Young

it piled the ground. lay upon into when the bloodless yet dry and And beson, to Willard's Richards, John the Still harrowing matter no how well into as as lands aridheart of first physiof Utah's one come men pioneer conditions which Mormonfertile valleys, the staunchhearted to cians. request not was much The

all grateful faced, they were after women penetrated.people havEven liking, this since had he man's young

for the in heaven to their Father into barrening converted ground but a surveyor, intended to become in privilege mothers of becoming fields theygreen once more would Young's to President he deferred pack their belongings into the deep Israel. wishes, and studied for the procradles of their covered wagons and Brigham Young was not unmindfession.

move again if the command came ful of the dangers to which they Now Brigham Young proposed to from Brigham Young. were subjected. Nor did he fail to overcome distance in behalf of

This dynamic man combined visrealize that cholera infantum, motherhood. It was part of his

ion with action. He was not content whooping cough, and diphtheria, design that Romania B. Pratt should

to limit the new stronghold to narwhich at times were not even recreturn to Utah and teach other row boundaries. As he cried: "This ognized as such, took their sad toll. women to serve competently and

is the place!"from his high vantage He knew that woeful loss left grief with scientific cleanliness in cases

on the last steep slopes of the Waand absence in their wake which of childbirth. Though some of them

satch, his inspired eyes must have were hard to assuage. His heart lived in stakes that were hundreds

seen far beyond the mountainen- bled when he heard tales of pitiable of miles from Salt Lake City, "siscases, just as it swelled with pride ters"were to come to her from their when he visited the stakes of Zion own localities for training in midand there beheld the fine healthy wifery. They could return to their

children and the happy women who homes with a portion of her vital survived to live their wholesome, knowledge as their own, and life saintly, and religious way of life. could be saved. President Young

And the amazing aspect of those saw this. His vision resulted in the

pioneer days was not that so many most remarkable flowering of medilives were lost from disease and cine among women during the secchildbirth as it was that so many ond quarter century of the Mormon women studied to curtail its ravages. settlement of Utah, and the large

From the first, Brigham Young did territory about it, that ever has everything within his power to existed in any one region on the

ROMANIA BUNNELL AT AGE 15 minimize suffering and increase face of the earth.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

inactive Halls of as if the Utah who almost seems did not—tookIT suffrage, and later in woman to terest opened been Medicine had

welcome these very women. two of them became members of the

state legislature. In 1847—significantly coincidental year—Elizabeth Blackwell pioAmong those who followed Dr.

neered her way into a regular school Pratt in the profession were Ellis R.

of medicine. She was the first Shipp, Martha Hughes Paul Canwoman in the world to be graduated non, Margaret C. Shipp Roberts,

from such a university—a man's Mary Minor Green, Emma Atkins,

Geneva Medical College of New Mary Emma Van Schoonhoven,

York! After ridicule, scorn, and beand Jane M. Skolfield.

littling in other places this persistent, Belle Anderson Gemmell and

Englishborn but Americanbred Justine Anderson Mclntyre, daughwoman was admitted to this college ters of Dr. W. F. Anderson, were

because the student personnel was nonMormons who left pioneer so boisterous and rowdy that the Utah to return with medical degrees.

young men thought her presence would prove hugely amusing. They Martha Hughes, as she was then

put the matter to the vote. After known, and Emma Atkins were the

coercing the only dissenting member most youthful of the group. They

they decided to let her enroll, lookmade up their minds when they ing forward to her admission with were girls to follow the profession. ELDEST GRANDDAUGHTER AND ELDEST GREATbrilliant career, DR. but PRATT OF GRANDCHILD a PENROSE—EDNA had anticipation. a strange Marthavulgar But C. SON WILLIAM HER SUTHERLAND AND of excellent student Dr. Atkins, an SUTHERLAND. auditorium over theirhush came

when she first entered it. However, Dr. Pratt's and one who was inno blush mounted to her cheek spired by her to become a doctor, cution, and piano lessons in addition

there was no cause. She brought went to Nephi to practice, where to her practice of medicine. She

dignity into chaos, and was gradushe met with an early and tragic also was interested in woman sufated at the head of her class. And death. frage. A great traveler, she expoundthen... the Women's Medical Undoubtedly there is no more ed Mormonism wherever she went;

College at Philadelphia was estabcolorful page in all history than that and she mingled among America's lished. Women came to it from the which is illumined by this group of most brilliant leaders in the feminist

four quarters of the globe, but no Mormon women who bore the title, movement. However, there were cerconcentration of women in medicine Doctor of Medicine. But even they tain characteristics which distinever occurred proportionately to were preceded in Salt Lake City by guished Dr. Ferguson as being someequal the number of women doctors one other. what different from the sturdy type

among the pioneers of Utah. In one of the earliest numbers of of true pioneer woman doctor of

Most of these women led lives of The Women's Exponent, a distinUtah. The accomplished Dr. Fergreat activity both before and after guished magazine and for many guson, despite her tremendous loystudying medicine. Many of them years the only woman's periodical alty to the Church during a large

were mothers of several children between Boston and Portland, Orepart of her life, occupied a place before they became doctors; most of gon, an interesting advertisement apalmost by herself in the community.

them bore children while they were peared. Mrs. Ellen B. Ferguson, Nearly all of Utah's women docpracticing. Elvira Stevens Barney M. D., a convert of Elder Orson F. tors were great travelers; and they

filled a mission and taught school in Whitney's, announced herself as a too were international in their outthe Hawaiian Islands before she specialist in the diseases of women. look. Many of them were strongstudied. All of them—because there Extremely intellectual and highly minded, highly opinionated, forceful

was hardlv a liveminded woman in cultivated, she taught drawing, elowomen. Some were successful in

business; a few of them had more

knowledge and ideas than friends, but in the hearts of those friends who were their own, true admiration ruled. And if, in others, their

faults had not been so few, how could their goodness have been so great? Professional jealousy and

overambition were largely ruled from their lives. Some of them

DR. PENROSE were great women—truly great.

ON THE PORCH They could not have fallen short of

OF THE HOME this high standard had they done

OF HER LATER nothing more than disseminate the YEARS.

knowledge of midwifery in the saintly way in which they carried on.

Their presence in the measureless territory of the new Zion was almost like the unseen hand of God, who ministers in His own divine way to {Continued on page 51) CONSTANT HAND AND THE LITTLE FIGURES PostCourtesyOperator,Harry MonumentGoulding, TradingValley. NEAR IT. EVER STANDING

inTHEthe STORYland of theTHUSNavajos,FAR: whereDown the

Valleygreat, weird shapes Monument of the the Southwest, skylinepunctuate of &> NATIVE BLOOD

Yoinsnez and his son and his daughter, live Eltceesie, in neighboring a hogan, little Peejo. his But deBy ALBERT R. LYMAN sonHusteele and

spite their neighborliness in all other things bitter rivalrythere between is a of gripping story out comes from two for a nother the capture a phantom of horse—Beleehthe of "The author by the the Southwest stallionthlizhen of Arabian (blackhorse)—a

type that appeared fullgrown on HuskOutlaw of Navajo Mountain."

aniny Mesa on the UtahArizona line, and which defied all efforts for his capture, stealth, trickery, force. or whether of As the but in which no one raised ever a world "Mittens,"mysterious

attempt occupantsthe hogan would each of offer little artless comgirl could solemn affirmation. as hands in other the occupants his capture, would of the

lie in wait to see if they were successful. "That big hand is mine,"declared fort from a full and trusting heart,

Suddenly, however, the dread influenza the boy. "It is giving command. and to her, with childish intuitions,

crushedstruck Yoinsnez the and hogan of as as his pride betrayed I'll much he give command."time all Some his the life son and prostrated from idols shattered permit, the would is mine,"ansother the "Then stricken, others. so were they While

Husteele and Peejo sought again to capture wered the little shepherdess, "I am of a lost home. After one short,

Blackhorse—but without success. Then the answering your command."sick look at the black ruin which

visited devastating plague the hogan of his father's hogan, he been intoxicating had got an Yoinsnez later, Husteele. after Yoinsnez days Ten

fleet, it a point to go that way no thrill Husteele's made from riding to visit strength gained enough had finally his neighbor, only elevenyear-old Peejo black mare. He proved the bay to more. The deep impulses which

was still alive. Yoinsnez took the boy to be almost as good, and even the had bound him to father, mother,

his him. cared roof for and own He in despairingly sisters, groped horse. and top could pass his also white mare Husteele's minherds horses took and and found in all desolate and world his into gratifyingly am- a They fitted his with gled burned them own, and down

Husteele's hogan in an effort to blot out bitions and he appraised them with the narrow limits of his new exthe destruction of the dread epidemic. avaricious hope. The momentary istence no responsible one but the

first Yoinsnez's soon, feeling of compassion the sito answer shepherdess imlittle pity which of or had love rising to turned however, resentment and tide soul. of his aching lent cry Peejo, to reach in taking him, pelled distrust bitter reluctant Peejo seemed when

to tell all that he and his father, Husteele, beyond the narrow bounds of his As soon as Yoinsnez perceived had learned of Blackhorse. old prejudices, made but temporary this pronounced attachment bechange in the ways of his wonted tween his only child and his rival's

Chapter III self. His former ambitions began son, he disapproved with emphasis.

at once to twist the new situation The big furrows deepened across 'hen the two children the orphan boy felt it even before his sloping forehead, and he alhad provedWHthey could keep the he was able to leave the hogan. He lowed Eltceesie to go with the flock

intervals. frequent at less to When grieving and desolate to had come flock, the task was theirs—dawn of his spite in rival's son, game the rival father's his hard of the home to again dusk Theydusk—dawn tend silent efforts not could and offensive tendenthe their endless to meet only wearily fromgazed

task at misty distance for long, cies he had learned to hate from them alone, the old man had Natlong hours at a time. They cominfancy. And the old man put a awney Begay come over from Klee

mented on every feature of its testy curb around the motherly tenBetow and take part of the respondreary face, suggesting the least derness of his gentle noloki in the sibility.

break in its killing boredom, and love she wanted to offer to his riNot yet in his teens, Natawney nothing else in all their wide horival's son. Begay, son of the big medicine man,

zon held greater charm than those Peejo was in a changed world was vainly aware of his prepossess18

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

ing appearance, his arched nose, gathered himself without a word All this red evidence and the stoeagle eye, and faultless build. Even and exerted all his depleted power ries told that night to Yoinsnez,

before he spoke or made a gesture, to run as he used to run for his made matters no better for Hushe was a haughty and offensive father's approving smile. It was teele's orphan son. Begay's greatchallenge to the halfinvalid orphan of no use, his feet dragged heavily, er fitness won the old man even

from the burned hogan. and his weary limbs should have more than it won his little daughWhether it was Begay's charm been still resting on the sheepskin ter. The old man was eager to be

for Eltceesie or for her father, or by the fire. won—it was to head off Peejo's too

because the sheep really needed a apparent attachment for Eltceesie third herder as the spring advanced, that he had induced the handsome the little girl still spent much of With sweet exultation champion over from Klee Betow, her time with them on the hills. And Begay caught the approving smile and for that champion he expresson the first day of her coming, as of the shepherdess and gazed heroed his preference in words and fasoon as the three children found ically away over the desert to the vors intended to sting Peejo.

"Mittens."hazy big "That hand conspired Everything to widen to resttime on a sand bank above mine,"he told her, the "I am winthe the rival's son breach between the sheep, the medicine man's son is

hooked his fingers banteringly bener. and the father in his new home, till

fore the other boy's eyes, "HaHer glance turned from him to at length Peejo asked to be given coon,"(Come on) he sneered. the little hand and then to Peejo his father's sheep and horses and

It was a banter to wrestle, but it had he nothing to say? Had he left to go his way alone. At this

was was more—it that big erence of the shepherdess surrenderedhand—the commandhis claimthatto thethe veryold manidea explodedof partinginrightwrathnow a bid for the—prefshe meekly

would give it to the champion she said she would answer? with these three fleet mares when

tribal tradition had declared the While the words still hung on his way was open to capture Blackmost fit to be the most deserving. the air, a needless insult to the inhorse! True to the meaning of his

Inherent pride of championship jury he had suffered, Peejo arose inname, Yoinsnez was large and lioncame with hot throbbings into the dignantly to his feet, "Chinde belike, and after watching the storm face of Husteele's orphan son, but kigiel"(Snake Skin) he hissed, of his fury, the boy decided not to he knew he was not recovered from squaring himself for what he knew it mention it in that way again.

the deep sting of the monster that would mean. But the breach widened. With

had killed his father's household. The medicine man's son leaped these fleet mares and no opposition,

Eltceesie knew little of what that at him in a fury, but he dodged, at the old man prepared to make a monster to Peejo, had done and thatthe samehe felltimeheadlongtrippingon Begaythe sand.so grandwantedroundupmore thanof theanythingmesa. elsePeejoto still nearly he crippledhow was

tofrom the terrible ordeal, and if he Before he could rise Peejo kicked go with him—he was weary

him in the side and jumped astride death of the blatting sheep; he hadrefused the challenge she would

his to of back, pinning the him vacations been with rewarded whenthink a him nothing more.

still the ground. chivalrous for his father; did he And good work no was hatedHe the coward,coward—he of daring Husteele's could figured blood and a he he vacadeserved it ofshame death, than worse and

for not the tion compensate what monthe to ride now. wanted Heto that carry the shame where dear

his ster son. taken from had his Begay black mare, mare, have Beandshepherdess could see him—that (Continued on in page 56) a rage himself writhed to upper too to bear.was much

place, the straying sheep and when HIS NAVAJO, THE HIS AND HORSE HOGAN a Without he word braced himBARE BY THE ROCKS THE AND SAND DRY for to it necessary him made FITTEST run WHERE THE SURVIVED HAVE THROUGHself in to the answer challenge, and PRIVATION. AGES DROUTH OF after AND left them, Peejo in a he mass

Courtesy Goulding,they at Harry Trading sprang other, each grappling of bruises blood. and Post Operator, Valley. Monumentfor under hold while Eltceesie

watched in silence. Peejo had the

prowess, the game nerve, but his big fight for life had left him no strength with which to meet the medicine man's son. When he had

been forced to the ground, he asked with wounded pride for a second trial which brought even more humiliation.

ness—thatStill he scornedwould tobe pleadadmittinghis unfitthe

very thing he wanted most of all to disprove. He sank panting on a

stone to rest, but the glory of it was too sweet in Begay's proud breast to stop without more; he extended

his index fingers horizontally, pushing one ahead of the other, a challenge to run.

Eltcessie still watched, her verdict pending. The game blood of

Husteele would still admit of no craven refusal, and his orphan son

JhsL PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM x. WjoUdivL 3buhsA,

By JAMES L BARKER Head of the Department of Modern Languages at the University of Utah, and a member of the General Board of the Deseret Sunday School Union

here is little doubt that if the even to the throne of Saint Peter. 3

church had corrected itself "An astonishing thing! In the

in time, it would1 have avoidreports of ambassadors and in the chronicles of the period, this electionedTthe Reformation."

"This interior and voluntary reis mentioned without the slightest form of the church, that some of its allusion to the [corrupt] manners of MARTIN LUTHER this elected; the newly absence and illustrious (Saint Berdoctorsmost the not are Savonarola, "you Roman is of the scandal greatest perhaps demanded, Gerson)nard, was had a are only a Church, and man this period."* of scandal 8 you refused or postponedconstantly by sinner."Savonarola Moreover, should prohave Alexander VI popes,shortsighted concerned more election of Alexthat maintained the to the church. reform ceeded But spiritual temporal than withwith bribery, obtained ander by been had 1 could he? howaffairs."that invalid, consequently and was to historian the According Pastor the to reform attempts ( Though of Borgia Alexthe orders Rodrigo his election (Catholic), been had century sixteenth the beforechurch 5 ) binding him; not on ander were VI six father bought. the of was He failed, deepdiscontent her with was to council general a appealed he and his children. third son, made He persistent.seated and church. of the Borgia, (standCaesar gonfalonier

The Albigensian heresy was ard bearer) of the church. Caesar No doubt Alexander did not agree

quenched in blood; Wyclif 's followBorgia "was almost always followed with these views, and it is also probdisagree ers suppressed; his did not that Huss views were John assassin, his confidential was by don Miable

of later declared a holy opinions greatly the with Rowarburned and chelotto,"his numerous 5 and among against his followers; even the atcrimes, he is credited with having man church historians; "in purely

tempts to reform the church by the caused his brotherin-law to be religious matters, he [Alexander general councils had failed. The strangled. "The 18th of August, VI] was not open to any blame:"he

councils of Pisa, Constance, and 1 500, Caesar provoked by Alphonse busied himself seriously with bringBasle achieved no reforms of conse- [husband of Lucrecia Borgia] peneing the utraquists [those who adquence, reforms constantly demandtrated into the bedroom of his ministered the sacrament under both ed, but never accomplished. brotherin-law, and had him stranforms] of Bohemia to the unity of

Malet says the doctors of Paris gled before his eyes by don Michelthe faith, and he sought to protect had tried to force the adoption of otto."* Pastor says: "The pope the faithful against a remnant8 of the

reforms in these general councils, but passed the sponge over this horrible Waldensees in Moravia.""It seems

"The popes succeeded in ridding event."that Providence had wished to show

injuring of that, capable are if men in recouncils, of thethemselves inaptitude of Alexander VI The incapable are church, they the church, the of and masters maining of de-9 manifest. to the church reform was Christ."of the stroying work reforms.'"in bringing about no life that his says Mourret was "the recognize indeed "Again, one must

Conditions did not improve. most complete contradiction of the that, under the pontificate of AlexMartin Luther, the son of a peasant lessons of Him, whom he was7 ander VI, the faith of the Roman

miner, was to make another attempt, charged to represent on the earth."Church remained immaculate."'

failed, to free the others hadwhere initiated reforms, not only no He church If the of historians Roman enabuses. he fromchurch Were at frustrated reform attempts the but audoctrines the right and are and mission, divinetrusted a with Savonarola. SavonHowever, his of had of Christian church thority thebirth not ophave more been could in rebellion arola himself placed had in simony, spite of preserved, beenportune.

: sitting "If the against the one pope force, of the abuse crime, and

Less than ten years after Luther's in the chair of Saint Peter is in evithroughout the ages and, moreover, birth, Cardinal Rodrigo Borgia was dent opposition to the law of the were preserved during this period of elected Pope as Alexander VI. "His gospel, I shall say to him,"said degradation, then Luther did too

irregular life was known to all."aMourret (Catholic), La Renaissance ct la Deforme, much; if the true doctrines and or-

"The flood of paganism, after having p. 4Mourret,201. La Renaissance et la Reforme, p. 201. dinances had been abandoned for the

dec Papste. Geschichteinvaded the Roman Curia, mounted "Pastor,

"Mourret, et la Reforme, p. 204. 8Mourret, La Rennaissance et la Reforme. p. 219. La Renaissance

222. la et p. 9Mourret, 219. Renaissance Reforme, la La et "Mourret, p. Renaissance Reforme, iReinasch, La Francis, p. 94.

219. et la p. 219. 9Mourret, Renaissance Reforme, la La p. et 7Mourret, Renaissance Reforme, La vol. 1, p. 289. Histoire aMalet. de France,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

doctrines and ordinances of men and, tury."13 At fourteen, Jean de Mededeath. This spirit of free examinaif through disobedience and sin, the cis had been made a cardinal. Like tion, personal judgment, and redivine authority had been lost, then his predecessor, he was a great sponsibility was the very essence of

Luther did well,10 but there was more patron of art that, even when14 relithe Reformation.to be done. gious, was largely paganized. So A Jewish convert to Christianity

completely paganized had the persuaded the Emperor Maximilian

At the death of Alexander, the church become that "grave Cardito order the confiscation of Jewish

College of Cardinals was comnals hardly dared to call the Holy books. Entrusted with the inquiry,

posed of 38 members, of whom 27 Spirit, the Virgin, and heaven by the Archbishop of Mayence conhad been created by him. Picolotheir traditional names. Cardinal sulted the humanist Reuchlin and

mini was elected pope as Pius III. Bembo will speak of 15the 'Zephir'and the Dominican inquisitor in Cologne.

Though Pius regarded Caesar Borthe 'Goddess',"etc. The inquisitor favored the destrucgia "as one of the supports of the It is thus that in Italy the Renaistion of the books; Reuchlin urged a

church,"11 he outlined a program of sance or Revival of Learning, in its better knowledge of Hebrew, decomplete reform to the Sacred Coladmiration of the literature and culfended the Hebrew literature, and lege, including pope, cardinals and suggested friendly discussion with the curia. However, he died ten the Jews as a substitute for burning

days after his coronation. their books. The inquisitor then acheresy. Reuchlin of The case of Cardinals then cused College The

it to was appealed Rome whereelected Julien la Rovere as Pope de

Julius II. Pastor (Catholic) is of dragged on until 1520 when it was

against Reuchlin. decided The huhis election wasthe opinion12 that as the proceedings manists regarded hissimoniacal. Curiously enough

coronation was deferred from Nothe outgrowth of intolerance and igvember 19 to November 26 because norance.

the astrologers had signaled an "esSince the seventh general council pecially favorable position of the (787), the bishops were forbidden planets"on that day. Julius died to consecrate new churches which

February 21, 1513. possessed no relics. Belief in the

miraculous power of relics was uniJean de Medicis was elected his versal. "Princes rivaled each other

successor and took the title of Leo X. in collecting the relics of saints...

The son of Lawrence the MagnifiFrederick the Wise... had accent of Florence, his education had cumulated no less than five thousand

been entrusted to the humanist, Auge of the sacred objects. In a cataPolitien, "one of the most fundalogue of them, we find the rod of

mentally pagan souls of his cenMoses, a bit of the burning bush, 10It is interesting to compare the belief of the thread spun by the Virgin, etc. The

disobedience that the matter what Church no Roman elector of possessed even Mayence the the church, sin Lord the leaders ofand WITTENBERG AT DOOR OF still THE THE CHURCH its authority, recognizes the preserved church and ofnow collection, larger a included which HIS POSTED MARTIN LUTHER ON WHICH rights the priesthood of following: with the "The

95 THESES. of saints fortytwo bodies of and heaven, whole inseparably with are connected the powers

. controlled of be cannot.. the heaven powers and field earth near a of the from some righteousness. of principles the nor upon only handled

antiquity, ture of Greek it is true; but and Roman conferred they upon us be That may out of which Damascus was

gratify sins, to or to cover our God 16 undertake when we ideals to introduce pagan tended to created man."supposed have to control exercise ambition, or pride, vain or our our

children the souls of the or upon compulsion dominion the and pagan moral standards. In the Discontent with the corruption unrighteousness, of behold any degree of men, in

effects the Renaissance north, of the Spirit the Lord the of heavens themselves; withdraw the avarice genchurch of was and is it the is to grieved; withdrawn, amen and when different. huwere somewhat The that authority priesthood of or the man."'-Joseph eral. suffered from peasants The

121:36, Smith. (Doc. Cov. and 37.) the delighted with manists were tithes, collection of the compulsory Martyr, writers (Justin church of the early Many anthe texts original of the of study Aristides, Eusebius) Origen, Alexandria, of Clement will free longer a which were no in taught not time the that of the gospel Jesus was criticients, the study from and and that been Ireaneus having new, wrote and "Man in church. early the offering as

.. lost to progressively, save him worked it God texts, only the of profane cism was with the discontent [dispensations]. successively giving testaments four the nomThere was

original the the of step to a study to to from from from Moses, Noah, Noah Adam offices ination to vacant the pope by Christ] to again [Jesus Christ, Jesus Moses and by scriptures. betext the year of The Tixeront, our In Histoire Lord."des Dogmes. offices in were "These Germany.

it to the to the necessary Gospel send was ninetyfive his Why nailed fore Luther either favorites of to the given to pope earth the said more His than once? Lord When

in the theses door Castle to Church Apostles, always, the "I even with you end am highest offered the to or whosoever that of the world"did tomean 28:20), (Matthew He his published Wittenberg, Erasmus in the the earth church remain unbroken would on of origin price, the matter no what

authority to of the the with world? end 17 Was He Testament. Greek new New A

in earlier will the the servants buyer."His dispensations and He

in spirit getting the abroad until was the the with even world, be of them end for the desire centuries their the though of time disobedient? people were For two of abthe spirit to world, opposed this also said, I will build rock church, "Upon He my bold growing. reform had been A the of gates shall hell it"prevail against not and prescribed authority solute which

In the dispensations, previous 16:18.) (Matthew it to leader give strong needed was to read, the text of the scriptures be authority the earth, of church from disappeared His

of that favorable prevail gates circumbut did "the hell"account on and the expression proscribed the Vulgate, and against the church?

it to prevent being stances from It is also interesting to that note the Testament New to Index, read, the not and be books in to contains that as promise no such regard made in leader crushed. found was The the opinions accepted dictated in to be the shall church our day: not the kingdom "and

... it left to other people favorable shall forcircum- stand the be and Luther and of pain and excommunication on ever."(Daniel 2:44.) political in the stances ambitions and If the to church preserved have regardwere been

253, 13Mourret, p. Renaissance La la Reforme, first less the of then disobedience, dispensation would of Europe. in the alliances of sculptured Peter's Saint et were doors 14The to lasted the of have the world, there end and would

of reign direction the of Donatello. under Eugene IV (Continued on page 50) for have than more been one. no need

figure "the scenes of immoral most pagan They

I, nHefeleLeclercq, Histoire Conciles, VIII. des mvthology". Mourret, la et 377. Renaissance lsRobinson, Reforme, La History Europe, Western pp. of 240. p. 247. p. 378. Ranke, Reformation. der Geschichte

32Pastor, Geschichte der Papste, VI, pp. 192, 193. 15Mourret, La Renaissance et la Reforme, p. 256. "Malet, Histoire de France, vol. 1, p. 288.

THE STORY OF OUR HYMNS D. PYPERIttheis interestingBritish Islestohavenote contributedhow richly By GEORGE

to Latterday Saint hymnology. General Superintendent of the Deseret

Such names as Charles }. Thomas, Sunday School Union and First AssistGeorge Careless, Ebenezer Beesley, ant ChairmanCommitteeof the Church Music

Joseph J. Daynes, John Jaques, Evan

Stephens, Thomas C. Griggs, Adam

C. Smyth, John Tullidge, John

Lyon, John Nicholson, Charles W.

Penrose, William Clayton, and XXXVA.

others have graced the pages of our hymn books. And among this

coterie of musicians, poets and Henthis SouL Naisbitt,ry the subject of W.

least.sketch, the is not WORDS BY

in born November, 1 826, He was in the little hamlet of Romanby, HENRY W. NAISBITT

England, so named because it was MUSIC BY HENRY W. NAISBITT

on the road built by the Roman invaders. He grew up to early manGEORGE CARELESS are included in Latterday Saint

hood at the nearby town of North Hymns, viz: "Rest, Rest for the

Allerton, Yorkshire. His father was Weary Soul"(No. 65), JThis

Dedicate to Thee"(No.a Wesleyan exhorter and Henry was REST, REST FOR THE WEARY House Wereared in a serious religious atSOUL 59), "We Here Approach Thy

Table, Lord"(No. Bible student at Not home, 54), "Weepmosphere—a By Henry W. Naisbitt for the Early at attendant Dead"(No. 119),and a faithful Sunday

School. His love for reading "What Voice Salutes the Startled Rest, rest for the weary soul,

amounted almost to a passion, his Rest, rest for the aching head. Ear"(No. 226).

favorite authors in addition to the Rest, rest on the hillside, rest, Two poems are found in Deseret

Bible, being Gray, Thompson, CowWith the great uncounted dead. Sunday Schools Songs, viz: "For

per, Mrs. Barbould, Mrs. Segourey, Rest, rest, for the battle's o'er, Our Devotion, Father, We Invoke

Elliott, Massey, and Cooper. Rest, rest, for the race is run, Thy Spirit"(No. 100), "We Are

After joining the Athenaeum and Rest, rest, where the gates are closed Watchers, Earnest Watchers"(No.

Mechanics institutes, of London, With each evening's setting sun. 160).

Naisbitt revelled inHenry W. the Peace, intrudes, peace where no strife

Shakespeare,works of Milton, ByPeace, quarrels The Hymn and the Composer peace where no ron, Burns, and Moore, later being come, Blessed are the dead which die in the is for the peace, there end spirit, saith henceforth: the Lord, yea, fromespecially attracted of Peace, by the poems

life's wild hum. Of our busy their labors; that they rest from and mayEliza Kirk Cook, White, Henry and

their them. works (Rev. 14:13.) do follow father died Henry'sMrs. Hemans. free. Peace, the peace, are oppressed

when the son was only nine years Rest, rest, oh, ye weary, rest, HThe beauty of Henry W. Naisbitt's

old five the children For with and widow "Rest, Hillside Rest on the Whothe angelssleep onguardtheirthosemother'swellbreast. life's left difficulties. to meetwas It is is its simplicity. poetic Rest"

Henry continued as a Wesleyan unPeace, peace, there is music's sound, and rhythmic. It is a beautiful,

tilltil first rising Peace, the peace, 1 850, heard he when the Gossun comforting of solace and song—full the resurrection mornpel Pratt. preached Orson by is peace. that It declares a death

life's vict'ry He OfProclaims won. first, at doubtful but graduallywas life battles of happy release from the

became convinced of its truth and and that one enters into a peace joined the Church in Liverpool, imwhere no strife intrudes, no quarmigrating to Utah in 1854. lines to paper; others that had come rels come; where the oppressed are

In his mountain home, Brother to him on the railway trains, and free and the weary at rest.

Naisbitt contributed many inspiring others, when, fresh from missionary But Henry W. Naisbitt did not

poems, among which was the hymn, labors, the spirit of a theme stirred believe that the spirit of a deceased "Rest, Rest for the Weary Soul."In his mind. person was buried in the cemetery.

1902, he published a book of poems Brother Naisbitt filled two misHe believed in the Latterday Saint entitled Rhymelets in Many Moods, sions to his native land, one in 1 876doctrine that only the mortal remains thoughts—somein which he transferredof whichtoheversesaid hadthe editor1878 whenof the heMillenniallabored Staras assistantand the intelligentare placed part,there;isthattakenthetospirit,the parthe

tocome him on the other in 18981901 when he was the resurrecto await adise of God in on of street—jottedan envelope; the back counselordown Lyman, to Platte D. is beautifully told tion morn. This

others that had reached him in the the presidency of the European Misby the Nephite Prophet Alma, as remidnight hour when nothing satission. He died February 26, 1908. corded in the Book of Mormon:

fied him but to arise and commit the Five of Elder Naisbitt's hymns (Concluded on page 50)

CONFIDENCE

in the white man's alertness and in early morning the business end of a good rifle."ft.Nzephyr sweeping down the canyon

met the circular camp of the little Jed Aranby and Allan emigrant train and broke in eddying Motte, the two men who had been currents around the covered wagons. standing guard at a point of rocks

Mary Anne, fresh and cheery in a a hundred yards away, were rebright gingham dress, drew her gray turning to camp. Bill Tarkin's eyes

shawl closer about her shoulders and twinkled with satisfaction as he moved with her frying pan and panwatched them, cake batter to the other side of the "There is the reason why I could fire. The ribbon of smoke wavered sleep well,"he explained. "I knew

for a moment, then followed her. those fellows were standin'out there

She rubbed her smokefilled eyes. with their rifles ready. My faith

"Fiddlesticks!"she exclaimed imwas a faith in them."

patiently. The two guards leaned their rifles

"Smoke alius foilers the purtiest,"against the wagon wheel and came chuckled a masculine voice. "You up to the fire. Old Bill tossed more

see it don't bother me."wood on the flames and then picked

Mary Anne looked up in surprise up the weapons and looked at them to find the keen, blue eyes of the fondly. He was a lover of good fireold trapper, Bill Tarkin, smiling arms and these guns pleased him.

down at her. She liked Old Bill with They were highpowered Winhis indispensable rifle and his leathchesters exactly alike. He squinted

ery brown face that wrinkled so over the sights at an imaginary Ineasily into a happy smile. His presdian, clicked his tongue, and grinence in the camp made the journey ned.

much more pleasant. She smiled "Mighty nice little weapons,"he

back and then broke into a hearty said. "Yes, Mary Anne, I got

laugh as the smoke from the fire turnplenty good solid confidence, I guess ed and enveloped him.—confidence in tangible things like

"You look as fresh as a buttercup, these and the boys that use 'em."

Mary Anne,"he said as he moved Bill put the guns down and moved to her side of the fire. "Them Inon in his morning visits around the

jun signals that we saw on the hill circle of wagons.

last night not must have havin'sleep."night'sfrom a good kept you By LORIN F. BUTLER marked."They are"Andgoodit's guns,"pretty hardJed reto

"No,"she answered, "I don't tell 'em apart."

worry much about the Indians; they A SHORT "Yes,"Allan agreed, "they're

won't bother us."twins. It was a lucky thing for me

"Well, they ain't never done, but SHORT that they are the same calibre."He

we're gettin'into the country now STORY grinned sheepishly at his companion they're at their usually mostwhere on. AnCaptain and went "When last COMPLETE ON THIS PAGEworst. guard pa stood Your to stand guard with asked drews me

night, didn't he?"you last night, I didn't have a single

"Yes, he and Allan Motte."tions against attack, but still I have cartridge in my gun. I was right

"Allan Motte. So that's why confidence that He who led us out out, but, our guns being the same,

you're so certain the Injuns won't here is watching over us."I knew I could get some from you if

bother. Hm-m. Well, I reckon "You Mormons are a queer lot,"he I needed them."you're right; a handsome, strappin'remarked meditatively. "You know "You—"the older man's face

young feller like Allan wouldn't let how treacherous and bloodthirsty whitened for an instant and then no pesky redskin carry you off."the blamed Injuns are and still you flushed crimson, "you didn't have

"Now, Mister Tarkin,"she said, talk of holdin''em off with faith and any shells for your gun?"

"that wasn't what I meant at all,"confidence. You know what hap- "I guess it does sound ridiculous

She looked up at him and her face pened to Marcus Whitman and his to an old scout like you."

grew serious. "I feel the same way family because they trusted the InJed shook his head and silently

about it no matter who is on guard juns and wasn't prepared to defend watched the flames as they twisted duty. You see, we came out here to themselves."and leaped in a miniature war dance.

make homes and to find peace, and I "I know, but—well, you have Jed looked up from the fire. "Ridon't think our protection is left enfaith, too, Mister Tarkin, else you diculous,"he repeated slowly, half

tirely to human hands. We treat the wouldn't be here."to himself, "yes, because—I didn't

Indians fairly and we take precau- "Yes, I have faith, but it's faith have any ammunition either!"

imperialAn luau in autumn was Hawaii—the puiiu ov&Jv thsL ffjahiL StaluL singing were It birds and flowers JJul

were in bloom everywhere. Hawaii seemed to be a paradise. Gorgeous shades of red, yellow, and

pink hibiscus lined the wooded By EMMA KELULALANIKULANI MOSSMAN ways, while shower trees of pink Descendant of Hawaii Maul Molokea Oahu, Kaua

and gold flung their beauty overhead. The white ginger and jasSister Emma Kelulalanikulani

mine wafted their sweet perfume. Mossman, the author of this arThe royal poincian, most brilliant ticle, and her husband, Elder George

of all flowering trees, flamed with Mossman,for the presentare attemptinggenerationto preservethe fine livingfire every road and garden. culture of the ancient Hawaiians.

Bougainvillaes and Mexican creepTheir Lalani Hawaiian Village at ers trailed along on latticework 2558 Kalakauia Street on Waikiki and walls, while down hillsides, yelBeach,Hawaii isshouldone placesee. thatSisterall visitorsMossmanto

low allamandas brightened the way. is a good example also of the pediSomehow, here in Hawaii, augrees of the island people. Her great

grandfather of a brother King was nearer, moon tumn is grander—the isunited the Kamehameha I, who warmer, sea is and brighter. The ruler; lands under one mothon her

bluer and the clouds are whiter. er's side she is descended from the anMusic is sweeter, laughs are gayer, cient kings of Maui, her maternal

welcome is truer, love is stronger, grandfather fought on the side of the and people are happier. Life here Coloniestion. in the war of the Revoluseems more like living.

So, as nature filled the hearts of the people with loveliness and ty, under the guidance of the stake grandeur, the Saints and officials of presidency, and headed by the Genthe Oahu Stake of the Church of eral Chairman, Bishop J. Frank

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, Woolley, and the assistant chairwere inspired to stage a gigantic man, Elder George Mossman. It

luau or native feast, used formerly was planned to put over the biggest in connection with the religious cerundertaking the stake or the islands emonies of the Hawaiians in the had ever attempted. Ticket sellers

spirit of thanksgiving. The purcombed the city. Some of the wards

pose of the feast was threefold: sold their quota of tickets, and

First, to create a keener interest others sold more than their share.

and greater spirit of cooperation Fully onethird of the food was doamong the members of the stake nated. Private individuals and busthrough mass participation; second, iness firms contributed food and

to raise a fund towards the erection materials for the occasion.

of the projected tabernacle in HaTwo days before the luau, the waii; third, to establish a more women peeled taro, which came

friendly relationship between the from Laie, where the temple now

Church and the community. stands. These women worked all

For weeks the Saints and their day long, and by evening the taro friends, more than one thousand, was ready to be put into large macoming from their daily occupachines, operated by the men, to be tions, gave of their time to help turned into two and a half tons of build on the beautiful, treegrown, poi, the famous native Hawaiian flowercovered site of the coming dish, and the chief article of food of tabernacle, a temporary lanai or arthe Hawaiian. Anciently, poi was

bor about twohundred-fifty feet by pounded on a board, often two men fifty feet, where nine hundred peoworked on one board as they sang ple could be seated at tables at one and joked. Today, machines do

time. Storehouses, tables, benches, the work more efficiently.

and service tables were also erectThe next day some of the boys ed. A platform was built near by, and men went to the mountains for

under the spreading branches of a tons of rMeaves and ferns—the

huge mango tree, on which an enleaves for wrapping fish and vege- 1. BROTHER GEORGE MOSSMAN WITH A GROUP tertainment of song, dance and pagtables to be cooked in the imu or

OF HULA DANCERS.

2. NATIVES EAT POI. eant was to take place. Trees and earth oven; the ferns for decorative THE HOW

3. THE WHITE MAN EATS POI THE NATIVE hedges were trimmed and the necpurposes. Some of the women went

WAY. 4. STAKE PRESIDENT RALPH E. WOOLLEY essary area for the coming crowds to the beach for sea weeds, one of

(RIGHT) AND BISHOP J. F. WOOLLEY, cleared. the unique ingredients of the luau

GENERAL LUAU CHAIRMAN (LEFT) ARE Meetings of the several commitmeal. Others went to the taberIN CAUGHT OF PROCEEDINGS. THE MIDST

5. PART OF AND CROWD THE TEMPORARY

STAGE ON WHICH THE TWELVE HOUR PROtees were held weekly. And there nacle grounds in fourhour shifts to

GRAM WAS RENDERED. were of necessity committees aplenprepare the food for cooking.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

with music and happy laughter as prowess. Colorful pageantry by

AN IMPRESSION OF THE they worked like one large happy Samoans and Hawaiians added to

IMPERIAL LUAU family. Never was there such a the spectacular performance. ImagBy Virginia Woolley demonstration of cooperation ine! Twelve hours of continuous

Brown hands, toughened through long among the Saints as was shown that music, singing, dancing and feastuse, night and during the luau. It was ing, in a tropical garden of ferns

Lift steaming rocks from the imus. a thrilling sight. and island flowers of every hue. A

Native hands, in swirling rhythm, picture never to be forgotten!

poi. mix luau last, the came! day of At {Concluded on page 50)

feed multitude. a To early to decoarrived Workers

Eager, haole hands gesturing directions, rate and set their tables. At noon

Pale, oriental hands diligent in their everything was ready. Preceded

service; by the Royal Hawaiian band, and

Hands moving softly across guitar led by President Ralph E. Woolley

strings, Accompanying hands in graceful of the Oahu Stake and the Mayor motion that of Honolulu, the first section enTell the story of an ageold hula.. tered the Arbor, now gayly and

Helpful, industrious, patient hands! beautifully decorated, to partake of

the attitude Hands in of prayer:

"Bless our labors, oh Lord, for to the feast, which was to be given thee in five sections, at 12 noon, 2, 4, 6,

Is dedicated this work,"and 8 in the afternoon and evening.

imu is the pit where the pig is cooked. And a feast it was! The imucooked

is the haole for whiteman. word

the traditional, hula is interpretive dance food melted in the mouth; the poi

of the Hawaiian people. gave double relish to the taste; the

people lingered at the tables.

Nearly six thousand guests, with

Chickens and fish were cleaned, bright colored leis, flocked during hacked, and cut, then put into ti the day to the spacious tabernacle leaf wrappers to be cooked in the grounds. All day long they came.

imu. By six in the evening, the crowds

The imu or oven was a hole dug grew so large that some of them in the ground several feet in diamcrashed the gates. People of all naeter and about a foot deep. This tionalities were there. Many of

was lined with rocks. On top came Honolulu's notables were there too,

a layer of dry twigs for kindling, business and professional men, then layers of wood, and last of all members of the legislature, etc.,

came other stones, which being and Errol Flynn, the movie actor, porous would not crack when heatwas there also, to be nearly mobbed ed. When the burning, hard wood by youngsters asking for his

made the stones red hot, the oven autograph. The Saints of Hawaii

was ready for use. Green banana were honored with the presence of

stumps were pounded flat and Elder John A. Widtsoe of the Counplaced upon the hot stones; upon cil of the Twelve and his good wife,

them in turn were placed large who were special guests at the luau.

banana leaves. On this bedding were At the four o'clock sitting, the

placed the pig, potatoes, fish, and opening of the imu, the sizzling of other delicacies, covered by more the roast pig, and the singing were layers of leaves and finally by a thick broadcast by KGMB over a nalayer of soil, and allowed to cook tional hookup, perhaps the first from one to three hours. time that roast pig has been so honThirty pigs, 4,000 pounds; 300 ored.

chickens, 1,500 pounds; salt salThe feast did not end with eatmon, 500 pounds; dried fish, 150 ing. From noon until nearly midpounds; raw fish, 200 pounds; sweet night, on the stage erected under

potatoes, 5,000 pounds; poi, 5,000 the shade of the mango tree, there

pounds; taro tops, 45 bags; seawas rendered an unequalled, conweeds, 150 pounds; fresh pineaptinuous program of singing, dancples 800 pounds; coconuts, 1,800; ing, and representations of native

onions and tomatoes, 200 pounds; customs, ending with a stirring

—akukuitotalnutsofandnineredtonssalt,of300foodpoundswas pageantBeautifulof ancientgirls fromHawaii.all parts of

prepared for the luau. the islands danced the rhythmic

Everywhere on the grounds men dance of Hawaii. The hula, a sacred, at work. temple ceremonial busy wereand women dance, a 1. CHIEF OF THE IMU—A FINE TYPE OF until religious service, interpretmidnight. of worked As partMany HAWAIIAN MANHOOD.

they worked under the palms and ing the meaning of life, of earth,.. OPENINGPREPARINGTHECOCONUTSIMU ORFORNATIVETHE LUAU.OVEN—

amidst tropical trees and bushes, and sky, of bird and beast, of sunBENEATH THE HOT STONES ARE PIG AND some of the women and men with shine and angry waves, was given FISH,BAKED POTATOES,OR ROASTED VEGETABLES,TO A TURN. ETC.,

ukeleles and guitars sang oldtime in its perfection. Powerful men of.. WELLFEDILLUSTRATINGAND THEAT NATIVEPEACE ISARTS.THE NATIVEHawaiian songs. The air rang Hawaii displayed their skill and CHILD.

I any Book Mormon of M'will with scholars disagree the point of view herein setLehi's route forth, and it is presented here, not as the view of the Church, but as the speculation, opinion, and possible conclusion of one to america thoughtful student of the sub ject, and is submitted for what

IS SET FORTH ONE WHICH MAN S value it has as a creator of inIN terest stimulator QUESTION. A and VIEW MOOTED ON of thought

in these channels.

By C DOUGLAS BARNES, Ph.D.

that ocean currents exist which in proper season move eastward from

Concerning the migration of group in reaching America, pertithe Arabian peninsula toward India

Lehi and his colony from nent data have been accumulated and even to Sumatra. By taking adinto exilluminating other quite are of mergings which and vantage disclosed in the as Jerusalem,

is it defileast to current systems, at isting lead a ocean rough E. which Mormon, Dr. JamesBook of to nition route outline of to the possible path followed probable an ocean

in ArticlesTalmage The of Faith, will in discussion. points migration the These the Americas. under

states: The ocean journey of Lehi, denow be amplified.

The company journeyed somewhat east pending as it did upon natural agenof the borders of south, keeping near the to their the cies, such as wind and currents, for Study of Ocean Currents course changing Sea; thenRed

eastward, crossed the peninsula of Arabia; propelling the craft, undoubtedly ocand there, on the shores of the Arabian cupied many months. Although not Quoting from An Introduction to

in built vessel provisioned Sea, which John- a - Oceanography, and by James in acclaimed the of Book Mormon to care Divinethey themselves committed of stone, Professor Ocean- D. Sc, is quite journey, of the count 1 which carried the waters. Theirupon voyage Liverin of University the ography it is logical to condensed, assume the across Indian eastward Ocean,them 8

then over the South Pacific Ocean to the that the colony stopped as occasion pool:

western coast of South America. (Page demanded or opportunity presented North of the equator the streaming of

271, 9th Edition.) to provision the craft and to rethe Indian Ocean is dominated by the monBy referring to the conventional plenish the water supply. The memsoonone) windrepresentssystems.the winterFigureconditions60 (the upperwhen

terrestrial globe and tracing the path ory of these stops, or contact with the NorthEast Monsoon has been estabroute, lished, the figure possibly en peoples the while lower shows and it is landsas outlined Dr. Talmage, by

the of conditions set the streaming up in perpetuated through been have mayclear of that the point embarkation during blows which SouthWest Monsoon in traditions of the centuries the... the southeastern onwas somewhere months. the summer

extremity of the Arabian peninsula. descendants of the Lehi colony, and... As a rule the heating and cooling

is for effect inthe of turn to the continental land such evidence masses weIn to reach order from the Americas set local than modiup more to do putatively are sufficient Hawaiians, who inthis point, traversing it required fications prevailing currents, the of wind posterity the of the Lehi among miles,excess its of than 13,000 in to relation the or more Indian the but Ocean, halfway around the world. While group. great and high Asiatic continent, is a strikof the mechanics regards this ing exception. the In the months As summerit shall is unlikely ever have that we

journey, found it has been Publisher: 282284. 2Pages University Press Thesufficient to define information preprotracted

Ltd., Liverpool, of Stoughton, LonLtd., Hodder and

!I 18. Nephi thecisely that followed path 1928. don, by

DIAGRAM SHOWING A SPECULATIVE POSSIBILITY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

referring to Figure 59 ( page 28 ) reapproximately the century of produced from the same text, an Christ's advent, colonizers were beocean stream running countercurrent ing carried by boats under Hagoth to the north and south equatorial to the land northward, and the claim streams moves eastward in about is made in the record that at least the 5 north latitude, finally dividing two boat loads of people and proand reversing itself just off the visions were lost at sea/ shores of Central and South AmerIt is naturally assumed that these ica. Thus by a series of currents a marine activities extended into both

path from Arabia8 to America has the Pacific Ocean and Carribean been outlined. Sea, and some students of the Book

of Mormon claim it resulted in the

Point of Arrival in the Americas transplanting of a portion of Lehi's

Tt is proposed by the author that descendants into the Hawaiian and the Lehi colony reached the other of the Polynesian islands,

Americas by means of the current possibly representing the boat loads8 just as mentioned. which were lost above. outlined combinations

relationof direct a The acceptancer ZSouTfern *f*I "- - craft followed the Provided the natural ocean stream eastward ship between the Hawaiians and the across the Pacific Ocean, as dedescendants of the Lehi colony in scribed, it appears logical that the America is important from the standis if it follows, for of what at the point a point on colony arrived established, that the proit means or South Central shore of western

America, somewhere between the genitors of the Hawaiians originated equator and 15 north latitude. in Jerusalem and came first to America as the Lehi colony, before migrating to the Islands. On this basis

Expansion and Division of the any information as to the travels of

Lehi Colony the Hawaiian progenitors may log- "Deviewing briefly the Book of ically be applied to the travels of

FIG. 60. THE CURRENT SYSTEMS OF THE Mormon history, the colony the original Lehi colony. With this

INDIAN OCEAN. evidences review in mind we shall in for a time in the new land generalized conlived figure represents the upper The origin of their Polynesian of and winterditions and relative during the lower figure the Eventually, months howharmony.

part inshows conditions that of the the summer Ocean ever, a division occurred, based on travels. season. reverses circulation (Conwhere the the with

tinuous lines represent warm currents and broken lines religious principles in which the less cold ones.) righteous group followed Laman, Fornander's Research on

elevated lands become so strongly heated one of the older sons of Lehi, while Polynesian Origin that a wind system, lasting for some months the righteous remained under the some Fornanderis Abraham is this established, the Southwest son Judge a younger Monleadership Nephi, of the continental thesoon. In winter months of the help years with ago, and their to brothcontrast Lehi. In of is reversed then stronglyland cooled and a assistnative research welleducated

is ers, as a distinthe the Nephites,condition set and Northeast up: Monsoon

is established and blows also for some guishing mark set on them by the ants, investigated the traditions and months. Lord, the Lamanites became more folklore of the Polynesian races and

illuhis quite are discoveries, which today pigmented, and we is rehighly referred to Figure 60 The in three minating, presented were still Indian, point the to American is It quite reference. forproduced the as Polyvolumes Account of: An as their this pigmentation, carrying inspectionevident of the from an Its nesian Origin Migraand descendants. 9 Race: figure in chart that oflower the sumare tions. data pertinent Certain

mer months ocean currents (southThe colony as a whole grew and summarized in the following exwest monsoon drift ) move eastward spread northward, ultimately and cerpts:

a centuries, reaching several Inafter shore, thefrom touch Arabian at the glance reader a That know may civilization, of as judged high statedia, into Bengal. the Bay of and move in the result the investigations to which my in the history written the both byIn its northeast folklore, winter as the well months monas Polynesian comparsoon drift (cf. upper chart Figure Book and by the physical evidences ison with that of other peoples, have led

it to the outset at here proper me, be may in in the ruins Central Amerfound favorable for an be less60) would

I the that that that I believe can say show the this ica. development Duringeasterly since the currents migration directly traced family Polynesian can be

move toward the African rather than activities of a portion of the group as having occupied the Asiatic Archipelago, the Indian Coast. Continuing again extended again to the sea, and within from Sumatra to Timor, Gilolo, and Philthat of to previous the occupationit a ippines, is clear chart that of from the lower interesting passage recent account of a sAn family; archipelago the present by Malay the craft and Sea China Singapore, through fromthere southof water is a movement the into finally south Philippines just of faint that traces, the eastward few, lead though and up

the in published Pacific was by Alan Ocean J. Villierseast beof Bengal, from Inthe Bay to northwest the part of through Deccan

221) 1937, (Feb., p. Geographic National Magazine

that, the of shores Persian Gulf; dia and thetween Sumatra feasibility and of the Malay title About."under the The "North

fail, is excerpt following other traces from in the outlined the journey language yet the here when intopeninsula, the South on and routes there are account: two the Singapore "From in to farther the north, points stock Aryan

ship reach squarerigged a hope which may in by currents Sea. other AlsoChina irits earlier the long before days, Vedic Either South make she Wales. Sydney, mayto New norththe South China Sea move the to through the of southward, best her Soenda way

3:14. 63:5-10; *Alma Helaman Strait, north with the of or around (Sunda) Sumatra past there Borneo. addition Inward

164; coast southeast standing the Era, p. 1934. Nov., west Improvement March, the monsoon, down

is an eastward movement through of Australia and then running her longitude down in 1935. p. 672; Utah Genealogical Magazine, January,

the archipelago north of Borneo and orthe shewildmaywestgo northwardwinds to thearoundsouthBorneoof thatand continent;eastward 1933.aThese books were published in London: Volume 1,

iust south of the Philippines and into ofintothethevoyagePacific,is hopingpast shethatmaywhenmakethather difficultsouthing stagewith TrubnerSecond Edition& Co., Ltd.,and Volume1890; Volume3, Kegan2, TrubnerPaul, Trench,& Co.,

the Pacific Ocean. At this point, the southeast trade."Ludgate Hill, 1880.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

ruption in India; and that for long ages the of Chaldea in India ( Northwestern eastward by the superior forces of

recipient thePolynesian family was of a India). 4. They touched Deccan hostile peoples they found on the

civilization,Cushite to such an extent and as almost entirely to obscure its own con- (India, south of the Norbada River islands in their path.

5. tip). thesciousness southern They of 7parentage and kindred to the includingAryan stock. in Asiatic contacted points the Correlating Fornander Data

long family had the Polynesian How in ere it the Asiaticdwelt deArchipelago bounded by Sumatra With Book of Mormon Archipelago bouched in the Pacific there are now small and Timor on the south to Luzon in History means of knowing, hardly of forming even the Philippines on the north.

race Its Polynesian that the that conjecture.a of reminiscences A dmitting to unable Fornander was Judge with are areperiod not confused and many, colony, the Lehi from came establish arrival the the of time of of of habiolder other datememories and then, out, 8 the pointed as already at the archipelago,tats. genegroup but

The author may have startled some and alogies and legends indicate that in same basic travel history should apply others of peoples. to bothshocked seeking Polynesian a by Book The the first or roughly century second

ancestry the Archipelago; beyond Malay history Forand Mormon Judge migrations organized A. D. properly their folklore, theirbut legends, undoubted in origcoincide, that data into of Pacific the Polynesians chants, for stopping Ocean nander'sand warrant gave no

there. They spoke of continents and not of took place from the archipelago. He inally a white race was involved,

thisislands, referred their birthplace. race as from or occupied and came They first Fiji to the believed they went

into hitherthe far events past which have in their travel southwestern Asia. Islands, states there although apheto heirconsidered prehistoric the as been in points of northoccupancy The to that indicate pears to nothing be alone."oflooms Cushites Semites and

some of the migratory expositions western India, southern India ) and the archipelago menReferring to his earlier volume, he may not have pushed on to some of ( Deccan says: the eastern, northern, or southern tioned by Fornander, coincide with

To recapitulate in an inverse order the groups of the Pacific now held by points mentioned earlier in defining led, thefindings folklore currents. of existing path that ocean has to which Polynesians. I the Also he claims

I briefly thatwould found say have a It is interesting to note that the "that Polynesian branch of the famin obliterated, consciousnessvague, almost some of their legends that the head, and ily from which the oldest ruling line date of departure from the archifront, and beginning of the Polynesians of Hawaiian chiefs claim descent arpelago, and therefore the approxilay in a white (the Arian) race. rived at the Hawaiian group during mate date of arrival in the islands

constituting their about homes, new sixth the of the century Christian 13 found have they come must He first the century, D., or second A. Era."into early intimate contact with

is in startlingly close to the time in his discusFornander, Judge civilizaCushite, ChaldeoArabian ship other buildwhich and Hagoth sion, raises question a logical which,tion, also evidence of "amalgamaers already referred to reported were if interfere unanswered, might withtion"peoples the Davidian with in the as acrecord Nephite being his of theory the acceptance of miin India.south of Next Chaldea tive, at the shiploads and two which as the gration involving archipelago Asiatic Archithethey occupied of people at missing sea were it is in point. Briefly a stopping sub15 topelago and from Sumatra Luzon (roughly 10 55 B.C.). stance: should they have WhyTimor.

Probably there is no race upon earth pushed some thousands of miles into Perhaps the Book of Mormon which, in proportion to its numbers, has the Pacific Ocean before establisheven holds the answer to the quesbeen the subject of so much interest and of ing themselves in new homes instead tion of Judge Fornander as to why the Polyinvestigation assuch minute the immigrants eastso far pushed at islands closer to the of stopping inis the tonesian. not only This owing 1* into the Pacific before ward Ocean point of embarkation? In answer toteresting race, also of the character but

the mystery, as yet unsolved, which shrouds he suggests that they were forced on settling and establishing homes.

their origin, to their extreme isolation. and

evidence both of languageThe and tra13Volume14Volume 1,2, pagepage 32.2. 35Alma 63:5-10. (Concluded on page 49)

dition points unmistakably to the East Indian Archipelago as at11 least a stage in theireastward migration."

Messrs. Logan and Hodgson discovered

remarkable, and, as they believed, conclusive analogies between the languages and customs of the Bhotiya races and those of

SouthEastern Malaysia and Polynesia. The

researches of our author, however, as he believes, have tracked the footsteps of the first Polynesian emigrants still farther to FIG. 59. GENERAL

CIROF THE SCHEME of Asia,the highlands and SouthWestern

IN THE CULATION the of the ancientrevealed Cushite impress OCEAN. PACIFIC

their religion incivilization customs. and replines (Continuous

resent warm currents and Summarizing, Judge Fornander rents.)broken lines cold curfound evidence leading to the following conclusions concerning the

Hawaiian progenitors:

1. They were originally a white

race. 2. They came from the highlands of Southwestern Asia. 3.

They had contact with peoples south

I, 2. page 7Volume

I, 36. page 8Volume 'iv% 'JtJeFnyteS? Zi7jjoT<rlTE"**<y&jSS>/nj t

of "Page the Preface to Volume II. VI

10Volume II, page 1.

to nPreface 3. page Volume V, by Professor W. D.

of Honolulu. College,Alexander Punahow

12Preface, 3, XI. page qPT*> r—,-yr Q-sJ 3B 33—-5j.V atr—a-i iy k>. yg*—+ gg Volume

A CALENDAR TO A MUSTANG By Grace C. Jacobsen By A. Lincoln Thomson

January Poor mustang, grubbing in the beaten

frost, of snow and bitingMonth snow, streams icebound When lie still, To findand hidescant browse to hold your bones

When over mountain hill and vale From falling limp when desert winds that

Majestic beauty to the world is lost. blow

Freeze sunbeams to an icy glow;

February And Death with spurs and whip waits by side your art passing thou and Young on a neverending ride. you fair, To goad cloak ermine lovely thy Beneath

is soft earth and warmThe sniff the air for gentle winds You that blow lie sleeping rootsAnd tiny ride waterfowl, which zephyrs there. The on warm

March To northern climes, where swollen rivers glow How chill the winds that blow all day, Like blood as sun rays stab the snow;

How shrill the blackbird's singing And soon fresh grass upon the mountain side

As through the pussy willow fields SENTINEL Shall weave new flesh beneath your scabThat saucy gent goes winging, By Coursin Black rous hide.

a barren "on say you the shall spring with your enemies ride hill, forAnd gnarled."drear and April uAlone,"saken and kind, your angerwhose Upon eyes with

form, Alone? lovely thy drench Showers glow,

of mystery by the mauve maCompanied rare, green thy costume Pale spurs are hide, the gory into sunk As jestic mountains, forth burst buds anewEager gall saddles side; tender each And

to stretching purple unseen ranges The air. spring the greet mildTo lash thatwhips harder than the For winds

horizons, blow, eternal in Silver the snows, May cut the spurs deeper swirling, than And in of frosty Spectral mistwraiths the dawn, snow.

... all glad the of the in Year, night depths of SolemnQueen unknown New

time sweet, perfumeBlossom and Alone? to the mountains while Go hide you and may lark the riding high, clouds, and bee humming dreamMeadow Among that enemies From with melting come snow; greet. smiling to thy faceReturn of the weird, storm blackedged whips Or shall For for slave you to a be ride men lazy, the puffs fleece of happy That mock chattel side. with a branded A

. sight: of thunderdriven, them, out urge June And that flesh Midsummer the sear will winds

feet, rain, like fairy pelting the summer Or blow, roses, of brides and happyMonth... the slopes on Dancing somber they are But cool iron's beside the glow. thee, wealth sheds herNature on Alone?

Perfect thy are gentle and ways alight birds to whisper what knows Who shall colt newborn at nuzzle side your A the sea.Like a calm upon songs,

fly birds north and dancing When zephyrs rest, that creatures to of wild the come What blow, July join in pixies ring? elves and magic What it will 'ride';. in be stampeded the And

Alone? art ofPinnacle time thou, Summer into hills the hide! now and Go With God? is all thine, the earthStrength of violets the Wild southern slopes on now

rides high sun waningThe glow Along its course of slow decline. CHRIST SPEAKS Their warming hue is driving back the snow.

By Claire Stewart Boyer August heart is rich with Christmastide, Oh mustang, brave these bitter winds that blow. skies fields MY grain golden andHazy I abide May Let Death with whip spurs beside and you. the near,Proclaim harvest still? at hearth, your moment unseen and A

.. rideAll the joys of time summer fill I but May

for grubbing. Keep a spear beneath the thee. in gatheredAre now I with the that love alone moment A snow, to Give own: my

'Tis better September the iron's than glow; spirits the sought have rugged To who

is the For when seared into hide your heights,Quiet, serene, listening contented ear with Your freedom a have branded lights, farther The markends—you cricket's the the chirp, of musicTo side! their theirs? salvation That might be wholly farewell of birds departing songThe

this grant in return remembrance meSeeking homes from new far and near. birds will ride soft The that winds soon Tell you yearn me

shall blow;

I, all to in brotherhood October mankind, As will Fat days ripples with glow on your find That you may hide, colorsFlaming us meet everywhere the the Light, to The Word, Way, side at your bring And colt will falling your crisp; in are leaves grubAnd them peace,

Beneath our feet again to mingle To bring release snow.

With the dust and autumn mist. To this, my world of torn and weary men, m

O then MEDALLIONS OF SNOW November And1 shallthenbe king... again!

Dull and somber in her dress, < By Edna S. Dustin

FRIENDSHIP ease as herTaking best seemeth is old forFor she longs and rest. By Miranda Snow Walton TDoreas*-'Trailswithsomberchillingcloudsbreathacross the sky..

the Their folds heavy clips; he gently tree:—in

it affords December *"pRiENDSHiPheat of theis summerlike a pineof life knits a Then raindrop each passing by

Hearts turn to home and loved ones, sheltering shade; in the autumn it is a proInto a white medallion flake,

Holy peace is in the air, tection against the winds of adversity, and And joins them with a silver chain.

For the Christ Child lives among us it is the one bright spot in life's winter of Then leaves the earth to sleep beneath

And we feel His presence there. desolation. A white angora counterpane.

. t

"SEEK NOT FOR RICHES7'

Doctrine and Covenants, Sec, 6; verse 7-

Georfce H. Durham.

Maestoso et espressivo. mt a tempo cres. sempre Deciso mt

-*sc i—*>-H 4- - 5=3= r=-rH r—ppppj &—&-j-&t:P

for richnot for. rich Seek Seek not for rich - Tes,=J - es, not Seek

2: *-- -jgrt g=?-'at r-> t5 >—-&*>- i I /<J -&-—/. i-M S/ -T C-iS'- 3= 2? Z -s., BB=B

-p- L.H.JTL L | cres. M few sosten. poco rail, riten. m/ sp. m/ f attaca SIa tem. mf ores. a* k I ts>-4—--—Sfe-

*Ei &sfcI 4 Tr JjgJEE=: -w- 1=

Fed. m—i——pf-t—F*-, ig

motto Poco lento espressivo. ben sosten. ten attaco. maestoso, piu moso

\ \ f - I -tilp cres. mp mf f v ff!*e Wis- -4- 1 es,rail.wmmmmmBut for wis - dom. Ben marc. alto. And the mys - ter - ies of God shall. be un - fold-

-Tj—ey—ij—O 1 11—rrP- 1—r*"* jr*5, 1 1 '1 121 s-ta -m&-:|=t J -<si- -st—t-tltfm

Legato. poco cres. Poco lento espressivo. molto espressivo. maestoso, piu moso.

-R.H... rJ- 4-4 J- <z>2=&pi=a3=t ":!3to K jS: xjKusL g—*-—U-Tgi—l-fi)—1\-aSXjt$. s r 3K wm>. LSSfly- -C2——L——-ts* -*- l.h. r -p-i-

cres. cres. ri<. saster dim. e m/ rit. ff I dolce, mp Molto rail, f i p p i PP p

-g- -- -g- jz: r=t Z 33:*=t "r r r Hiifc PS "STS* > PPP

rffm. e rail. a tempo marcato rao/io ra//. a tempo

<p r:—EsEEEEsE—- PF—9—"gj (2. fJ:t=t=s:: S*= g|T

mp mf cres. poco allergando ff f mp esp.

rich, shall be Then Ye shall Then! shalli ye'.. "be made!?: -12rich.-SS- * J2. -OL-<S>- i9—-i2- i-t—-122-,|g V -fii

Bass ben marc.

rfi'm. e ra//. a tem. marcato cres. a tem. molto molto rail.

J s>-—..444:=gzzii:7gririn+-,

$=& z&.

f

, a- \ -4-4

I p i-:i?'iT-''i r-drr. r-r-p-rfit- -,*l+-,e- hr—!—5:H—-hr-*"AjTj>L$ZL-.J!t dbh g'r-fz.

tsi =t=t =*--*-044s g r= T-5T mFT- w 22—2?"i -fif:3- "i1 5

poco rif. Maestoso. sempre Dolce meno mosso riten molto

poco riten maestoso cres. sempre dolce. poco meno mosso.Riten.Attaccosubito. molto.

THIS DISTINCTIVELY MORMON SCRIPTURE. ANTHEM WAS ORIGINALLY WRITTEN BY MODERN PASSAGES OF BASED ON ONE OF THE MOST GLORIOUS

CONDUCTS. WHICH HE CHORUS D. S. MALE FOR THE L. COMPOSER THE

FROM PLOWBOY TO PROPHET AND YOUTH TELL THEIR STORY RIDERS AT THE GATE

MOTHER STORIES FROM THE (Howard M. Bell, Conducted for The (Joseph Auslander, Macmillan Company,

BOOK OF MORMON. American Youth Commission, American New York, 1938. 83 pages. $1.75.)

of Reprinted, Education, Council Washington, A. D. Morton,(William C, first this half the familiar of book,

1938. pages. 1938. $1.50.) 128 270Deseret Company, Book

vitriol into INauthorthe the pours aching pages. $1.25.) 134and this of people leaders book young trying world, of to the thereby wounds FOR

for favorites the it former thinking will Church rebel invaluable, people the horsebefore as analyzing prove makeTWO the reprinted the are does people Revelator doing and under young one been what have saw on men John young whom cover, and are now available in an atthinking and feeling, based on personal inIsle of Patmos ride us to destruction.

tractive binding at a reasonable price. Both terviews with more than 13,500 young In the last half of the book the author

lend themselves for reading by young peopeople between the ages of 16 and 24 in the is recaptured by fancy, fantasy, and his ple or reading to young people. They state of Maryland and the result of collabsheer love of beauty. At times, however,

are faithpromoting stories appealingly preoration on the part of over 60 investigators, there is in even his most fanciful tale, a sented. R. L. E. who were given a special course of instrucfeeling of his knowledge of beauty's futility

SAGEBRUSH LITERATURE tion.The young people interviewed were in dealing with conditions which—M.prevail.C. J.

(John W. Saunders, Deseret News chosen from every field where young people OLD HAVEN 1938.Press, pages. $2.50.) 342 cities, are farms, in in found: coal mines, on Cornel (David Houghton DeJong, in in churches. dances, application of The treats miscellaneous informally Mifflin 1938. Boston, book Company,This this is to the of the study youth United made pages. $2.50.) 559 in topics the commonsense homespun careful States of a checking characterby

of author. the Typical chaptermanner istics of the fellowship sample characwith Maryland Mifflin Houghton award

to are: Fitheadings "Charity Every Huteristics the national of youth population this possible the writing of made book A Fault,""Funeral Extravagance,"man as the gained from Fifteenth the Census in is of although who, one born Holland, by etc. Health,"Life are"Mental There and States United (1930). a naturalized American. now he That all. in topics quotations such are37 Few statistics dramatically porGraphs and life locale the the of the and knows people

fill the author'sused; of words most own in city tray far conditions communities, and is writes selfevident about he as whom latihimself allowsthe and he book many in professional laboring groups, his and story. into reads among one

title. limits his of the withintudes This girls. defining boys the and along life of By work this the in lived poignancy The represents the of thinking wholesomebook lines the school, of home, play, little church, work, of land dikes fisherfolk class and and the ofa seen has growth much man who attitudes, the is and has Commission a done the warfare that as class of the muchof inland the L. B. West. R. work, commendable should which in distinction prove other C. /. lands—M.same

helpful illuminating to and leaders of youth.BABIES BEINGS ARE HUMAN FIRST ]. C. AFFECTIONS THOSE—M. D., Aldrich, (D. Anderson and M. Mary

(Dorothy Doren, Houghton Van illustrated, Macmillan Com-M. Aldrich, WILLIAM AND DOROTHY Mifflin Boston, 1938. Company, 1938. pages. 124 $1.75.)pany, York, New (Helen Ashton, Macmillan Company,

pages. 291 $2.50.) 1938. York, 414 pages. $2.50.) New states that babies are huAnderson

Dr.man beings in a threefold sense: as Although a novel dealing with the lives "Cor parents who are eager to learn

products of their heritage, as dynamic living of Dorothy and William Wordsworth, about the working of youngsters'creatures, and as potential adults. This the author tells us that she could not posminds, this book dealing with the life

points the will changes out occur whichbook sibly the written have without constant book of Sarah the of from to age 6 Tower olderas lays the babies foundagrow and reference to a biography written about 15 will to a veritable of be prove mine for intion happiness helping parental make or Dorothy without permisWordsworth information inas well as being anadjustments. delightfully, this Written of sion Macmillan to quote and Company

triguing novel, for probmothers and first tells all ofbook "The how World freely their paraphrase from publication of

Comes to the Baby,"how "The Baby ReDorothy Wordsworth's journals. The conably fathers to read.

sponds to the World,"then it gets into the versations are based wherever possible on The author is the wife of the poet, reasons why "Babies Are Different"and the actual Wordsworth family letters. Into Mark Van Doren, who is a name to be

"Among the Do's and Don'ts."M. C. J. the pages of the novel walk other literary remembered in American letters. And

figures of this age: Charles and Lamb his his wife her in is proving her worth IN SKYROOTS THE sister Mary, Samuel Coleridge, Taylor contributions literature. to Meller, own (Sidney Macmillan Company, Southey, Robert Scott. and Walter The 1938. pages. York, 759 $3.00.)New /. delightful English countryside takes—M. C. a fresh

This story of the transplanting of a Jewish vigor from Miss Ashton's touch.—M. C. J. YOUR EVERYDAY SPEECH

to family from old Russia America and Brigance, (William N. McGrawtheir the to adjustment conditions changed Hill Inc., Book 1937, Company,

is is significant reading. well- a The book York. pages. 230 $2.50.) New nostaligicwritten the of wellon power

seasoned faith to carry one successfully and TThe common faults of American happily through life. M. C. J. speech are, according to Dr.

DOCTOR AT TIMBERLINE Brigance: the thinness, the nasal, and

(Charles F. Gardiner, M. D., illustrated, the muffled quality, and the sloppiness

Caxton Printers, Caldwell, Idaho, 1938.) of our voices. The author verifies the

that statement "Those possessed who fifty than Dr. ago, years GardinerMore risen speech good class have far as a left to practise as a York young New

... not, those until did above who silverphysician the the among mines and

cattle ranges of western Colorado. The I am forced to admit that under an

experiences that he went through began outward disregard America pays with dentistry, continued through veterdividends for good diction."

inary medicine, and ended in fullfledged Speech is so good a tool that every doctoring. of one us should the study book, Your

the course of the conditions country Of it, Speech, Everyday apply and bothinto Dr. parGardiner which were moved

I in in our associations, homes and anyticularly this trying in early time, since Jacket design for social religious, or which have. may we littlethere disorder. law and was much

The book in addition to the information "William and Dorothy"The book is practical and clear enough which it so fully imparts is fascinatingly by Helen Ashton for the untrained to use readily and written. M. C. J. (Macmillan) fruitfully.—M. C. /.

fcdii&aaL "01 OnsL Shod!'ments—may claim the higher blessings whatever

his race or place may be. He whose will despises

A RE all men equal before God? Should they be truth and accepts evil, forfeits the promised blessequal before men? These questions loom large ings. This is made exceedingly clear in Joseph

before mankind today. For answer we may turn Smith's translation of the Book of Abraham, where

to sacred history. it is declared that the children of Abraham, those

entitled to the blessings of the Gospel committed

Soon after the ascension of the Lord, the same to the great Friend of God, are those who do works questions appeared in slightly different form among of righteousness. Every person, of any descent,

the formerday Saints: Are all people worthy to who accepts the Gospel becomes an adopted memhear and receive the Gospel? Though the Lord ber of the chosen people; while those of the physical

had commanded His disciples to preach the Gospel blood of Abraham, unless they are faithful, are to every kindred, tongue, and people, the brethren counted out of the Gospel family.

wondered if they had understood him correctly.

Had they not been taught that the calling of AbraThese are thoughts which in these days should ham and the promises made to him implied that occupy* the minds of men, if the Lord shall be the greater blessings of the Lord were reserved for pleased with His children. The common man, and

the descendants of this great patriarch? the rulers of nations should keep in constant memory that "God hath made of one blood all nations

Yet, they recalled also that the Master had said of men."—/. A. W.

to those who claimed privileges because of their descent, that the Father was able to raise up children to Abraham from the stones under their feet. YOUNG PEOPLE GOING TO LARGE

This figure of speech implied that Gospel kinship CITIES FOR STUDY OR transcends ties of blood. Finally, after earnest EMPLOYMENT

prayer, Peter had the great vision in which he was Attention is again called to the serious probcommanded to kill and eat of "all manner of four- *"* lems confronting young people who leave footed beasts of the earth, and the wild beasts, and theirattentionhomesis directedfor studyto theor welfareemployment.of suchSpecialyoung

creeping things, and fowls of the air,"whether or people who go to large cities where temptations not they were common or unclean under the Mosaic and distractions are frequently disastrous.

law. Then the matter became crystal clear: All The counsel given by the First Presidency in a

men were entitled to hear and receive the Gospel. specialagain urgedmessagefor onseriousthis subjectconsiderationlast Januaryof stakeis

Thenceforth the doctrine of the Master was and ward officers and parents.

preached to all the world as far as the weary feet When young people go to other communities, of the disciples could carry them. They knew that parents should urge them to seek and maintain

contact with the local Church organizations which before God all were equal, therefore equal before now are established in all large cities of the nation.

men. Bishoprics who know of their ward members

being in large cities are urged to write to the cities, presidencies in those or branch The explanation of this doctrine was summarized bishoprics and, if possible, the adthe giving them names in brief but eloquent words by the Apostle Paul: dresses of young people, asking them to do what

"God hath made of one blood all nations of men."they can to encourage these young people in

All are children of God, hence all are entitled to Church activity and regard for the teachings of the Gospel. Such service may help to avert

the promised heritage of the sons and daughters of serious results.

the Father—the possession of the privileges and Special appeals have been made by ward and

blessings of the Gospel. Wealth, lea'rning, rank, branch officers in some of our large cities, prininformation in order for such York, New

assist the young come or even race, are but minor marks of a human being. cipallythat they people who may

To rate one child of God as of high and another to their communities, aiding them to establish and of low degree, or to persecute our fellow men, is maintain regular associations with Church organicontrary to the divine pedigree and right of man, zationssirable. and giving counsel and advice where deand is sinful in the eyes of God. It is suggested that bishoprics again call this

matter to the attention of parents and cooperate in

The differentiations among men, acknowledged an effort to have our young people who are away by God, rest wholly upon man's willingness to rement,from home,and safeguard.given every assistance, encourageceive truth. He whose will is bent towards truth The Presiding Bishopric.

and righteousness—God's truth and command32

SAN BERNARDINO HEARS Sunday, November 13, 1938. the Elders for planting 650 acres to

PRESIDENT GRANT The Ogden Fifth Ward Chapel, Mt. wheat this fall, and for raising 16,864

At the invitation of the City of San Ogden Stake, was dedicated by Presibushels of wheat on 960 acres this year.

* Bernardino President Heber J. dent Heber J. Grant. Sunday, November 20, 1938.

Grant was guest speaker Sunday morn- D. B. Stewart was sustained as BishWehrli Pack was appointed as Bishing, November 20th, at citywide op of the University Ward, Ensign op of the Mount Olympus Ward, Cotchurch services held in the municipal Stake, succeeding Bishop LeGrande tonwood Stake, succeeding George E.

auditorium. Services culminated a Richards. Coxe.

fourday covered wagon celebration Sunday, November 27, 1938.

attended by Elder Richard R. Lyman. Sunday November 16, 1938. President Heber J. Grant dedicated

President Heber J. Grant was the the 32nd Ward Chapel, Pioneer Stake.

CALIFORNIA MISSION guest at a program in Nephi South The Saints of the Ogden 22nd Ward,

HEADQUARTERS MOVED Ward today. He was praised for givOgden Stake, held their first Sacrament

President W. Aird McDonald sends ing to the Elders'quorums of Nephi meeting in their new meetinghouse.

word that the headquarters of the 3,500 acres of land. He in turn lauded (Continued on page 41)

California Mission have been moved from 153 West Adams to 2067 South

Hobart Boulevard, site of the old

SpanishAmerican Mission Home under President Pratt. The West Adams

address was first established thirty years ago by Joseph E. Robinson, and

had been continuously occupied until the present change.

DR. F. J. PACK, GEOLOGIST,

CHURCHMAN, DIES /\ne of Utah's foremost educators,

Dr. Frederick James Pack, Deseret Professor of Geology at the University of Utah and member of the

General Board of the Deseret Sunday

School Union, died Friday, December 9, at the age of 63. He was nationally

known as an authority on underground water supply and for his analysis of earthquakes in western America. A

member of the world's foremost geological societies, he was moreover known for his devotion to the Church and especially for his crusading in be- (UPPER PHOTO) MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME half of the Word of Wisdom. ARRIVED NOVEMBER 14, 1938—DEPARTED NOVEMBER 24, 1938

R. Ferrelt Glen Barlow, Robert Leslie S. Broadbent, Sidney H. Burton, Jay V. Badger, W. Bybee. W. Beer,DEATH Identified alphabetically: George J. Angerbauer, Courtney Brewer, Joseph T. Blake, Harold E. Bushman, ENDS CAREER OF Jesse Colclough, Z. Chandler, Jack Clark, Ross Albert Covington, A. Cherrington, Samuel Ray J. W. W.

Crane, Virginia Divers, Lee S. Y'PROFESSOR DaBell, Clayton Elkins, Earl A. Harold Dalebout, M. Roy W. England.

llTpss Alice Louise Reynolds, pro- R. Gulbrandsen,Lamar E. J.RileyFairbanks,U. Goodfellow,Fost W. BurtonFlake, VirginiaR. Howard,Freebairn,RichardGrantV. Hansen,D. Fridal,VelmaBenjaminHill, OrlandC. Gertsch,K. Hamblin,Norman

fessor of English literature at BrigArthurEdwardT. Hansen,W. Johnson,Glen L. PhilHoffman,D. Jensen,Mirl B.SterlingHymas,M. VictorJensen,D. ErickHatch,G. KathleenJohnson, Hamblin.Dick L. Jackson, Mona M.

ham Young University and former Keppner, Maiton L. Kearl, Lloyd E. Kjar, Paul C. Lyon, Jr., Vern S. Lake, Clarence M. Larsen, Elno J. Lunt,

member of the general board of the ClarenceWayneL. Littlewood.H. Mecham, Maria Muro, Winfield H. Mackay, Wilford B. Mitchell, Paul R. Menell, Evan J.

National Women's Relief Society, Overson, Zella Putman, Elmer L. Perry, Carl 0. Peterson, Douglas H. Pack.

J. Reeder, Robison, Ricks, Beulah A. Jessie Wayne Rasmussen, Miles A. Glen S. W. Rotnney, shewhose magazine edited from 1923 Raulings,George Spencer, B. Earl R. Sponseller, Steed, Lilian Orson Swasey, L. Sessions, Blanche Ora Daniel Smith. Lto 1930, 5 after December succumbed Taylor, R. Taylor, Turner, Howard N. Dan J. Willmore Wilkins, Ralph West. Joseph Myrtle Wadsworth, A. M.

a brief illness. 65 years She was old. (LOWER PHOTO) MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR LAKE THE SALT MISSIONARY HOME THE FIELD FROM

active her life sheThroughout been had 28, S, ARRIVED NOVEMBER DECEMBER 1938 1938—DEPARTED

in state and national women's organiLeft to right, first row: Barry Wride, Arthur Wheeler, Russel W. Myers, Donna Lewis, Beth Burt, Orlene

zations. The Alice Louise Reynolds Peterson,SecondAdriennerow: Willis,PresidentCarlDonJohnson,B. Colton,KennethLeslieHarrison,Reese, ScottDevontThorn,Stowell.Erma Adams, Eunice Wood, Sister Don

library at B. Y. U. was endowed and B. Colton, Ervin L. Child, Evan W. Chaffin, William Luke, Miles Harston.

named in her honor, and 21 literary orArchibald,Third Georgerow: Jenkins,Colvitt R.GordonTanner,Wood,Max WillisL. Camrth,Cheney,LawrenceJames A.Murphy,Cope, PearlJr. Dudley, Martha Geddes, Don C.

ganizations in the United States are Fourth row: Eldon Pace, Chadwin Burbidge, Dale Young, Merlin Miskin, Barnard Seegmiller, Ray Bennett,

known as Alice Louise Reynolds clubs. DeWiltonFifthC.row:Parkinson,Paul R,DellStoddard,Smith, ThadNorman0. Yost.L. Perry, William M. Halls, Burwell D. Hatch, Douglas Francis,

Sunday, November 6, 1938. Cyril SixthB. Cluff,row: Jr.,LaMarReo Heaton,S. Elison,WayneGrantR. McTague,D. Johnson,Carl VictorT. Rhoades,D. Hatch,Dee Sanford.Berkley Hall, Harold Smith, Mario

Elder Albert E. Bowen dedicated the Robertson,SeventhLeroyrow:A. RalphHill, HowardRobinson,Starr,HarryFrankE. Snow,Lyman,AlvaRobertDuvall,Graham.Eugene B. Stucki, Keith J. Bult, Lloyd Maughan,

Panguitch South Ward Chapel, PanLouis J. Heine, Frank T. Eastmond, Nephi Pratt, Alfred H. Crofts.

guitch Stake. N. Ackroyd,Eighth row:Burton HenryH. Price,Jones,CollinsRulen E.E. Hassell,Morris, HoraceEdwin Haroldsen,Lloyd, ClassPhilH. Peterson,Henry. Murry G. Robertson, Charles

Elder Charles A. Callis dedicated a Ninth row: Stephen A. Adams, Ted Bryner, Alan Richman, Neil R. Partridge, Glen Sagers, Donald S.

chapel and recreation hall at Magrath, Lyon, TenthWilliamrow:E. Morrell,Martin Koplin,Cecil A. AlbertCherry.Kingsford, Arvil N. Peterson, Laurence Mecham, Ira Stevens, Merrill

Taylor Stake. Colton, Raymond Young.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

THE SPICE OF THE MEAL Mustard By Mathilda Baron HPhree kinds of mustard preparations flavor, that is at once pleasing and * are in general use: Dry mustard "moreish"in its appeal. There are

Although American housewives of is widely used to rub into meats, and so many delectable delicacies that may today have little in common with it peps up sauces that are served with be improved with cloves that a list of the European women of 1492, fish. Of course, everyone is familiar them would be portentous.

one bond remains in our dependence with the prepared or wet mustard of on spices and we may still appreciate which there are various brands on the Nutmegs and Mace the voyage which Columbus undermarket. This is used to add zip to hot

took in 1492 in order to find a short dogs, ham sandwiches, and is someHThe story is told about an English route to the spicegrowing countries, times used in sauces. The other form importer who, in looking over his

so that the ladies of Europe could enof mustard is mustard seed, so usebooks one day, noticed that he could joy rare spices in their culinary activful in pickling. purchase all the nutmeg that he wantities. The earliest use of mustard was ed, but that mace, on the other hand,

difficult extremely to obtain was and Chinese Arabian and The Choice Cinnamon From Ceylon medicinal. very expensive. the planHe wrote it, pharmacists used undoubtedly and it

/"innamon spice. If hasyou longare inclinedbeen a tofavoreddoubt was,in Biblicalof course,times.knownToday,to themustardHebrewsis hetationimportedownershisin nutmegthe FarandEastsuggestedwhence

that statement, just look through any found growing in China, India, northto them that they cut down some of standard cook book and notice the ern Africa, Europe, and the United their nutmeg trees and plant mace innumber of recipes that call for its use. States. England and Holland are both stead. Imagine his surprise on receipt

their that of reply nutmeg and cakes, meats, puddings, buns, maceBread, for their famous mustards—among tree! the both from come same pickles are all improvedpreserves, and these nations two other things—and of cinnamon. a dashwith It's likely quite that are suras you greater the other than produce amounts

countries in which it grows. prised as the English merchant to learn

that these two spices are the product

Cloves of the same tree, particularly as they in their different so whole when course of been look cook you've good Asa is form, also there and powdered when **"you'll years, for using cloves but in a considerable difference both aroma this spice. story of the hearing enjoy tree and appearance. has nutmeg The

really cloves early days, In the were distinction the the being only of one scarce and hard to get. Cloves origwhich gives us two separate and disinally from and Cathay came many tinct spices. will dictionary give The

transthat beset dangers caravans the spices, definitions us the of these two this the Orient. luxury from ported Tojust will confine to our remarks so we

British Indies, the the day, East Dutch their application. culinary

possessions and Madagascar are the chief source of supply of this very Mace may be used either whole or useful spice. in powdered form, but American womdon't en very use much. Just mace cloves stewed in with A few whole blades drop one or into some mace two beets, or tomatoes, even with boiled

with applesauce add a zest to these soup or stew, or, better yet, try the

SORTING CINNAMON, DUTCH EAST INDIES rather ordinary, but necessary, accessame experiment just dropping them

Courtesy American Spice Trade Association sory dishes. A little powdered clove into the water in which you boil your

CRACKING NUTMEGS AT GRENADA This subtle spice grows in many of addedwill giveto youra tantalizingfavorite chocolatedifference recipesto the Courtesy Spice Trade Americanthe Asiatic countries, but the choicest Association.

comes from Ceylon. Most of us are

familiar with it in three forms: long

stick cinnamon, cracked cinnamon, and the ground or powdered form. Actually it is the bark of a tree. Some of

the bark is paperthin, and this is the choicest, but on other trees the bark may be a quarter of an inch in thickness and this latter is used when fullbodied fragrance and flavor are desired.

When the bundles of whole cinnamon arrive in this country they are ground in huge grinders, and the resulting pieces are pulverized until they can be sifted through a silk screen. Every

precaution known to the industry is taken to assure that the full richness, aroma, and flavor of the spice is preserved for our delectation. But, as

with other spices, the spice aroma and flavor will evaporate if exposed to the air, so it's up to us to see that the containers are kept tightly shut when not in use.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

next fish dinner. For that last suggestion you might also add a small onion,

a little celery salt, and a bayleaf. Even

the most tasteless of fish would not then mace, sauce. Powdered a savoryneed NO MORE SKIMPY sprinkled tasty just on broiledtoo, is

fish. It's a wonderful seasoning in that

form when used in bread stuffings forpoultry, veal, or beef roulades. It BREAKFASTS

should be added to stuffings at the rate of onehalf to one teaspoonful to every halfpound of stuffing, according toyour preference. at house! Nutmeg is one of the most fragrant OUR

of the spices. Sprinkle a little over a

cauliflower. Add a pinch of it to a cream

sauce intended for the cauliflower. Sift

a little into spinach, and even Popeye, that spinach lover, would find a new zest in eating it. Stir a pinch in with

some melted butter and serve it over lima beans. Some of the creamed

soups as, mushroom or asparagus, are improved with a dash of ground nutmeg.

When one stops to consider all the spices, the herb spices, the blended spices, and the herb salts that are available, one wonders why more delectable dishes are not served in our homes. Is

it that we are lacking in culinary artistry, inventive genius, or imagination?

Let us do some personal experimentation and see if we can't pep up some of the dishes which have become so familiar as to be almost distasteful, and which we neither enjoy cooking, serving, or eating. A can of paprika will

help to brighten many a sad looking dish and give us an appetite to tackle it, and a savory meal is one which PAtfAKE pleases our olfactory senses, delights WAFFLE our eyes, and satisfies our gastronomic appreciation....when THREE

PANCAKES cost When the children are home from school with so much candy and nuts around, the problem of what ONLY A PENNY!

to eat becomes doubly difficult.

Here's one recipe that will bring What a difference a good, subtable with luncheon them stantial breakfast PANCAKE it will *4DE mouths a be to watering—andthe Folks makes in the day's work! thing to get BUTTER the hard them to leave

table, too: have more energy and pep these

cold mornings when they eat WAFFLES AND DRIED BEEF nourishing breakfasts of Globe c. butter. with ECONOMICAL! served "Al"pancakes, V2

V4 lb. dried beef. ham, bacon or sausage for va-—makes three pancakes for

milk. 1 quart

6 "Al"flour. riety. Serve a pancake break- a penny. tb. Globe

fast a package Waffles. tomorrow—buy

of Globe "Al"Pancake and QUICK!

Melt butter in saucepan, add Waffle Flour. It contains lots—just add liquid.

into cut dried small beef pieces and of oldfashioned good, frizzle in the butter minutes; a few butterDEPENDABLE! flavor. for extra milk flour thoroughly. Slowand mix add ly add milk and cook until thick,—the ingredients are always

stirring constantly. For the waffles, the same, always perfectly

use Globe "Al"Pancake and Wafmixed.

fle Flour, following the recipe on the package. Serve the creamed GLOBE "AT"

dried beef on the hot waffles.

This will be a welcome relief from the sweets of the Yule season. PANCAKE AND WAFFLE FLOUR

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; MELVIN J. BALLARD, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, AND JOSEPH F. MERRILL

that orders for adyou know 7. Do THE PRIESTHOOD STUDY COURSE IS READY ditional copies to should addressed be

Priesthood and Church Welfare, Deseret Book Company, Salt Lake City. The General Campaign Committee,

the Priesthood Course o Study for Every member of the Priesthood will 47 East South Temple St.,

1939, more fully described in the Nowant one of these books—not only for Salt Lake City, Utah.

vember, 1938, issue of The Improvethe year's Priesthood study, but for per- 8. Do your committees plan to learn

ment Eva, is now ready for delivery. manent library reference and reading. the reaction to each booklet of those

This attractive and useful clothOutline helps and supplementary hiswho read it? This will generally rebound book of 300 pages is priced torical readings to assist quorum memquire that each person shall be conthe same as last year's study course, bers and class leaders in the contacted at least twice—once to deliver

$1.25 for single volumes, or $1.00 a sideration of this material are printed the booklet and then to learn the result.

volume when ordered in groups of six here for the first month's lesson. ( See 9. In the approved plan of campaign

or more. Send money and orders to the pages 37 and 38. quorum—Melchizedekdo you know that eachand PriesthoodAaronic

should carry on this work among its own members?

10. it is planned you know that Do

this WHAT ARE YOUR NEW YEAR RESOLUTIONS? to campaign thorough and make

r** oodon theresolvescomingare ofcommonlya New Year.made quorTobaccoWelfare projects.project, and one or more willingcompleteto asdoaboveyour indicated?part by readingAre youthe

While reforms are in order any time, 6. Regular attendance by all officers, booklets, inducing others to do so and

there is no better time for them to comclass leaders, and others as needed, helping in every way that you may be mence than at the beginning of a New at the monthly union meeting with the asked?

Year. This certainly is true of all restake Melchizedek Priesthood comYes, you would prefer to be free

forms associated with Priesthood acmittee. from the use of liquor and tobacco, and

tivities. Further, there are no kind The numbered items here given indito have every member of your family

of activities in the Church having cate things in which every quorum may free. Hence join in this great Churchgreater opportunities for reform. While improve upon its 1938 record. Life is wide campaign and your wishes can

improvements in these activities during characterized by progression or retrobecome a reality. (See also President

1938 were, on the whole, very comgression; there is no standing still of Grant's message on page 7.)

is hardly tolerable in Priesthood work,—amendable,long wayperfectionoff. isIt yetcanonlybe broughtan ideal an object that is alive. Retrogression

much nearer. so the officers of every quorum are

Among other things this is pracfaced with a challenge. QUORUM PROJECTS

ticable by doing the following:

everyby The quorum—akeeping of recordcompleteof allrecordsthose ANTILIQUOR-TOBACCO WHAT IS YOUR QUORUMitems needed to fill the Quarterly ReCOLUMN DOING?

forms.port Stake, 2. the offisending prompt by The o/ Elders 1st Quorum of WHAT IS THE ANSWER? Alberta copies ofcers every quorum of two

its Quarterly Report to the stake Mel- 'T'he Anti - Liquor - Tobacco Cam- 'T'he interior of the ward chapel and chizedek Priesthood committee. paign has at last gotten well under classrooms was painted and kal-

3. The holding of monthly quorum way in most of the stakes. somined. Over 1,000 manhours were

meeting by every quorum that covers 1. How is it faring in your stake? devoted to this project by the quorum

two or more wards. This applies to In your ward? Are the suggested commembers under the direction of the

all High Priests'quorums, most quomittees organized and actively workpersonal welfare and miscellaneous rums of Seventy and many quorums of ing? committees.

Elders. The regular weekly meetings 2. Has the first shipment of the bookBannock, Bear Lake Stakes

of within that are wholly quorums a let to Alcohol Talks been Youth comPriests, of Sevquorums High The others, for meetings; are quorumward pletely distributed? kept a Have you enties, in stakes Elders these and both of are quomeetings only groupthey record of these booklets? received who their contributions for the major made forrums. suggested "Program 3. the booklets sent A to your Have just in year of wheat. the form ended all of Meetings"Monthly Quorum stake, the Nicotine and on Aiv The acres to Pledges scores of amounting that as groupsquorums meet weekly in Pvactical Terms, Wisdom of Wovd of the part bushels of hundreds and on in be found Improvement all The Evamay distributed? been faithfully individual quorums werefor the of page December, 1937, month 4. In stake your and you do ward kept. the Reports quarfrom second

It this769. will that noted be program least at get to plan of one copy each ter that indicated prospects good were

itis that of permits to a form used be of booklets into these every Mormon in cases inactive and members many after withoutmonth becoming month home? into participation. being were drawnstale. 5. plan to induce every you memDo

4. Keeping the quorums fully organber in the family who can read to learn Bonneville Stake

ized. This includes the four standing the contents of these booklets? 33rd Ward Elders

committees as well as the officers. 6. To make an affirmative answer We are keeping one missionary in

5. Carrying forward several projects to 4 and 5 how many additional copies the field. We have renovated two

every quorum. the requiredby of Among will booklet each need faithfully you in your widows'homes. have We

projects are activity: securing increased stake? soon to do propose of the onethird completed blockyou How

on the part of members, the AntiLi- order them? teaching in the ward.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

WHAT ONE QUORUM DID letter following the publish\kjE WELFARE PRIESTHOOD CHURCH AND

Priesthood other that "* knowing Supplementary References on next page) Readings and learn (See also Historical will to officers pleased bequorum the methods used by the High Priests'its to of Stake make Ogdenquorum

II. I ecothe industry basis of and Work LESSON successful.efforts highly man "What

safety. nomic achieveBeginnings of the Plan (Chap. 1has done The The man may do."a. is the of All product huhave we

ments of others always stimulate and I. Provision for care of needy has been in man labor.

guide us in our own efforts. the Church in principle and practice b. Productive labor should be the deDear Brother: November 14, 1938. a.fromThethewordvery offirst.the Lord. sirereferenceof all. No.(See11.)Historical Readings,

The Quarterly Conference of the stake b. During the Missouri and Illinois c. Thrift a companion principle to

will be held next Sunday with a special periods. work.

meeting of the Priesthood Saturday eve- c. Pioneer institutions. d. Individual faith essential to a comof the Church systemning. conference The effort. of d. of life. munity complexity increasing The

Its valueis unique. most marvelous and principles. old methods, e. New lie? responsibility the does III. Where all stirred are estimated. upcannot be We relief a revealed survey 1935 The a. responsibility First the indiwith in efficiency ofto point highest our

in an II. startling the condition Church. vidual. Historical (See Readings, ideal, therebyeffort to and reach we anset a standard for the future. III. A challenging situation—something reference No. 12.)

As your leaders, we desire every memmust be done to meet it. b. The charge of the family.

ber of this quorum on hand at the 4th Ward a. Experimental plans in wards and c. The immediate community.

Chapel at 20 minutes after 7 o'clock Saturstakes. d. The state, as the last resort.

b. anPlan Welfare Church The slip will given a evening. beday You objectives. IV. Immediate

April, 1936. nounced it.with and on Drop ward your name a. for Relief the unemployed.

set call to to every an member c. Athis at to the slip door into basket the b. for jobless the through Work initiative selfreliance, in example that are sureregister attendance. your We agencies. Church

Historical independence. (See and will effort attend to forth be putevery c. Progressive existof improvement

1, at 2 references Readings, Nos. also. fold. ten Sundayrewarded Come conditions. ing

We are all justly proud that every end of outline.) d. Encouragement of private and comember of this quorum was a tithepayer IV. The purpose of the Church to develop operative enterprise.

in 1935, 1936, and 1937, and we feel sure work and welfare for every member.

this will be done again as only a com- a. Immediate objective to care for maLESSON III

paratively few have yet to respond for this terial wants of the needy.

year. At the quorum meeting in December last, b. pleUltimatehelp themselves.objective to(SeehelpHistoricalthe peoOrganization(Chap. 3.) of the Welfare Plan

it was agreed by unanimous vote that every Readings, references Nos. 3. 4. 5.) I. The Welfare Plan a program of acone of us would do his best to abstain from c. Through economic security to spirtivity for the Priesthood.

liquor tobacco.the of use and For some itual rehabilitation. Historical (See II. Consideration of the organization effort,this required a an and for has few references Readings, 6, 7.) Nos. chart.

it struggle, supreme a means struggle—a principles. V. Guiding that hesitate assure to notbut you do Priesthood the cooperation needs The we

a. offerings Fast to one III. to be increased thethe the the struggle greater sweeter joy all auxiliaries. of

dollar year. per per memberof overcoming.

to in full, Tithing be paid Besides, permit us to remind you in all b. in cash a. Thefor specialRelief service.Society already trained

in or kind. that ofhumility, b. a quoFacilities a member you of Primary and and power

c. the ReTeachers and The Ward in wonderful the Holyrum in leisuretime guidance. M. I. A. Priesthood—aare lief to the out Society seek needy. of of men, wonderful 461quorum faith men of to c. Unity be worship and

d. surplus or of Interchange cash responsibility of desachievement, and men religious accomplished through edustakes. goods between wards andtiny, of them. That's saying a one every in cation School. Sunday

lot, and maybe you will be asking yourVI. The inspiration for the plan. d. Spiritual objectives to be realized

self, "Do I measure up?"Possibly you a. A system founded upon the wisdom by Department of Education.

are the only one who can answer. Are you of God. e. Welfare can increase only as spirrising to your highest possibilities in the b. The expression of a philosophy as itual meaning of the plan comprewonderful ooportunities the Church has put old as the Church itself. (See Hishended by the Church membership.

in yourself applying your Are you way? torical reference Readings, 8.) No. IV. committee the about which hub Ward task, ability toto of best the your your VII. orthe uses present plan Church the The revolves. whole program it to you, though appearhumble and may ganization. a. membership. Committee insignificant times? at surely,possibly And

a. Priestresponsibility with the b. The Meetings. all living to the best are up knowwe we officers c. quorums. and hood Duties. in in hour, thought everyevery day, and

b. the plan enlargement of an The

little conversations, for dailyour do Stake to V. the aid we an Committee The Personal Committee's Welfare

entirerealize the at group what moment stake Priesthood. work.

is lives, or a. our judged even being reports, by policies. Surveys, by

c. facilities the of experience and The

act.a single b. responsibility in adminisQuorum the Relief Society can cope with

If the are giving best relief. tering you you are—if relief of the phase problem.

the with measure have, up youyou 100% of grouping VI. into regions. stakes The

attitudes. VIII. us. Reactions you.strongest and honor among We We a. advantages. Educational

a. the can, the bestappreciate you. Church Dear you Of Do membership—whole- b. Administrative advantages.

hearted shouldering the in cooperationBrother, and circumstances under which c. Distributional advantages.

responsibility. yourself, of individual find as your and humbleyou

servants in the presidency, we feel in our b. Of the world at large—-admiration VII. The General Committee.

hearts to say, God bless you and make you of the "new pioneering spirit."(See a. The aid of the First Presidency.

equal to your great responsibility, and may reference No. 9. See also questions b. Churchwide coordinator of PriestHe bless and sustain you in your struggles at end of chapter.) hood activities.

little or they matterno be what how may VIII. direction sacrifice Centralized without

II spirit theothers understand, and may may LESSON stake, initiative. of ward, or quorum

inof love with abide and peace your you Objectives of the Welfare Plan all is wider program. in attend labors, IX. The your and youhome (Chap. 2) a. objectives immediate desire for our a prayerour you. means and The

Your brethren, I. Spiritual safeguards. to an end.

Frederick Barker, a. Relief not to be given as charity. b. Full development and protection of

Albert W. Bell, b. Relief given for work or services the individual.

W. R. McEntire, will preserve feeling of equality and c. A vision of social reform.

Presidency, High Priests'Quorum independence. (See Historical d. For all men—ultimate benefits to

The Ogden Stake of Zion. Readings, reference No. 10.) the community at large.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

men of wealth. It is our business to The president sets the example in the

elevate the beggar and not keep him valley by working at his trade of carHISTORICAL READINGS in ignorance. (Brigham Young, Jourpenter.... The labor for support of

nal of Discourses, 10:190.) oneself and family is taught to be as

7. We have gathered thousands from divine a character as public worship

prayer. History (Gunnison, the and nations. Althe aid of The By many REFERSUPPLEMENTARY 141-2.) raised of the out mighty Mormons, them have of we PRIESTHOOD FORENCES miserable and dependence penury and

. 1 1 I short to going a preach you am WELFARE CHURCHAND to taught become them have how duties. temporal our concerning sermonLESSONS in useful possession, to themwealthy is those to to the poor, sermon and My cititheir neighbors, selves good and outlines for (See Lesson people, poor. a are not As we who

I Saints. trust, faithful zens, and, usesuggested to to are poor; wish say not and we

( Discourses, Young, Journal Brigham of city, this in but not bishops, the only I it 1. is will that of the know God 12:195.) care "Bishops, take country, the through if for ourselves, sustain should wewe 8. of present system Church The this city in of poor."poor your The far reperish, not, so as mustdo we is security not a welfare and and new I think great not a many. number do quarter, aid exceptceiving from any It is plan. a revolutionary simply there seventy over are draw few a who ourselves. Young, (Brigham andGod practice to the cooperattempt modern Tithing sustenance the General from 11:139.) Discourses,Journal of ative principles pioneers the dewhich Tithing the Office. Ofto come They 2. in service Christian motive a The is veloped. present but a plan The fice, to for them, or comes somebody industry. include mustcommunity The social rededication the to customs If their our of sustenance. some draw its for goal time a should haveChurch the of upon Deswhich commonwealth sit will arithmeticians clever and down in loyalty pride and workmanshipwhen eret the of success founded. was The in lost calculation hours of the a make will animating the servicein motives be is present charto the due movement the of various parts the from coming all will so beindustry and work when acteristic organization of the Church in Office, waitcity to Tithing and the these that motivesorganized be may in social rich the background and and hours, there, those ing then value and all for (Dr. workers.possible John training beeconomic been has which if in useful employment, occupied some Versteeg.)M. us. to Cecil (E. queathed McGavin. each, half cents every at a twelve and is 3. true charity enshould and This

gage the efforts of every philanthropist, 9. The leader of a company of gold eight of them making a dollar, it will

not only to feed the hungry and clothe seekers wrote: "The Mormons are be found that the number of dollars

the naked, but to place them in a situnot dead, nor is their spirit broken. thus lost by these seventy odd persons

I mistake not, there is a noble, in a week would go far towardsation where they can produce, by their And if spirit daring, stern dwelldemocratic us sustaining them. have among We their labor, (Mill. subsistence.own

in their sisters will people bosoms, are not which brethren and some who the Thirteenth from Gening 18:51,Star

eral Epistle of the First Presidency, these mountains with a race of indestrong, nor healthy, and they must be

Oct. 29, 1855.) pendent men and influence the destiny supported. We wish to adopt the most

of for the our country of care of taking a and world them plan economical of 4. counBishops, have a word we years."care bishops, History, take hundred (Journal to say you and we of fathers the thesel are to you. You

8, question, the 1849.) of ask them. July may You Israel. in stewardspoor, Lend and

tithing that should the "Shall take we 10. of dignity labor saheld The collecting in efficient together aidyour

to Office support Tithing to the go cred perthe lazy by Mormons.... Ais of the tithing consecrationsthe and

to brethren shall the or ask them, we is likely either be; or to accursed son is allSaints; that see preserved and and

If will for that purpose?"you donate is their usefulness motto, those and who faithfully of, deposited caretaken and

in obtaining time take the consumed will their not themselves try or keep of not the Lord,in storehouse and the of the rations out the them by drawn.. left best are starve into to industry. its use. legitimate fromdiverted True

charity to a poor family or person conThis is included in their creed.... (Concluded on page 50)

sists in placing them in a situation in which they can support themselves. MONTHLY REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS

In this country there is no person posMade by The First Council of the Seventy to The Council of the Twelve Apostles sessing an ordinary degree of health For the Month of October. 1938

and strength, but can earn a support MISSIONARY ACTIVITIES Oct. Oct.

for himself and family. (Mill. Star 1. Evenings or part days spent in missionary work.- 19386,891 5,7421937

16:421, from the Eleventh General 2. Hours spent in missionary work - - 16,390 12,509

Epistle of the First Presidency.) 4.3. NumberNumber ofof firstcalls invitationsmade in 12,6684,143 12,5703,096

revisits 5. of - 4,416 4,197 that satisfied the Number mechanical 5. I am

of conversations 2,239 11,016 Gospel Number this Territory 6. ability of of the people 7. of standard Church works Number distributed { Does not include Books of Mormon 1

will rank with that of any other people, reported under Item No. 10) 326 365

but there is not one in five hundred 8.9. NumberNumber ofof tractsother andbookspamphletsdistributeddistributed. -..14,246398 16,476357

that knows how to husband his ability 10. Copies of Book of Mormon actually sold 197 173

and economize his labor when he first 11.12. NumberNumber ofof hallcottagemeetingsmeetingsheld heldby missionariesby missionaries 294571 206500

comes to this new country. They are 13. Number of missionaries who attended cottage and hall meetings 2,282 2,472

for a time like a feather in the wind, 14.15. NumberNumber ofof investigatorsbaptisms as apresentresult atof cottagemissionaryand workhall meetings - - 2523155 2,092112

until some circumstance occurs to set- (1) Of people over 15 years of age 57 tle them in some position where they (2) a.OfBothpeopleof underwhose 15parentsyears areof age:members 48

can begin to do something to provide b. Others under 15 years of age.- 50

for themselves. (Brigham Young, 16. Numberservice duringof inactivethe membersmonth of Church brought into activity through stake missionary 246 249

Journal of Discourses, 10:20.)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION in the pick up the beggar 6. We 118 124 Number

street bapin England—and we have 119 113 Number ofof stakestakesmissionsin the organizedChurch

bring of tized him hundreds them—we MISSIONARIES ACTIVELY ENGAGED in to earn a situation put him here and Number of stakes reporting his living. They never owned anyNumber of districts 38398 33699

thing before, but after they come here EldersSeventies 1,221274 1,104255 they soon begin to own a pig, a cow, High Priests 257 236 a few chickens, and byeand-bye a Women 353 244 team; then open farms and soon become Total 2,105 1,869

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

WARD TEACHING BY AARONIC Number of stake supervisors increased program of activities for the coming 176. to 146 from If year. are such programs preparedPRIESTHOOD REACHES

visits of gained from to wards Number inother in cooperation groups withHIGH MARK 1,520. to 1,022

conflicts in interests volved, dates and class increased adult of meetings Number gratifying of reports of the most/\NE will betunquestionably be avoided and from to 3,451. 2,263 in activity Priesthood will ter results accrue the to program. Aaronic adults of reported increased number The from the has Teaching comeWard to 37,550. 35,837 from

reports stakecompilation from made BONNEVILLE STAKE AARONIC in Stake, pioneer Adult Salt Lake reOffice Bishop's the Presidingby CONDUCTS in total PRIESTHOOD leads work, Priesthood thatcently. report shows 34 Aaronic This SUCCESSFUL PROJECTSstakes have more than 100 members rating (71); in total class meetings

of the Aaronic Priesthood serving as (310); in wards with classes (11); in '"Phe Aaronic Priesthood of Bonneville

; in wards with Stake has carried out two projectsWard Teachers. assignments filled ( 858 )

in of supervisors stake number last (11); the to increase during few months Priestof Aaronic percentage The

visits in of supervisors number (13); at meetings. various attendance total of the to numberhood members

attendin to average ); and wards first ( 250 of projects these an The was high as as ranges TeachensWard of supervisors ance in contest attendance connection with (89%). wards.approximately in some An 50%

all in conference, the stake which in in this service the pastincrease few years has been most commendAARONIC PRIESTHOOD Aaronic Priesthood quorums in the six able and reports indicate that results EXTENSION PLAN MAKES wards of the stake participated. The

from the teaching in the homes by these MARKED PROGRESS Aaronic Priesthood members formed directed a chorus by Edwin Kirkham is of a Priests Teachersyoung and stakes from wards and "Deports at sessions of sang the conwhich two the stakes order. In high somevery that indicate the throughout Church ference. is done of Teachingbulk now Ward Plan, the Extension Priesthood Aaronic beautiful offered for trophy was A exPriesthood with the Aaronicby Correlation the replaces former which the the perlargest which had ward results reported. beingcellent is generally being Plan, with adopted its of centage Aaronic Priesthood

stakes more tabulation with the of results. excellent A at sessions both the conof members Priesthood members 100 Aaronicthan Cavalcade For Stake and Ward sing, at to ference also preand one

is followsin service as Teaching Ward reported unare meetings to be Youth practice. liminary

successful usually to have accom120 and 250 WasatchOgden the Aaronic by was The tropny won 119 185 Cache results. beneficialCottonwood plished of Priesthood with an the 33rd Ward, 118 175Rexburg Weber It is in stakes that and urged wards of attendance average over Other 50%. Maricopa 114 167Hyrum yet has not Extension the Plan where figure. that near wards were The Ill 164 UtahLogan

Pioneer 157 Moapa 110 been adopted that it be set up immetrophy was presented at a Sacrament

No. Davis 155 Bear Lake 109 diately and that every possible effort meeting given over to the Aaronic

Salt Lake 153 St. George 108 be made during the present year to win Priesthood, who furnished all the music

St. 108 Joseph 146Liberty activity posin every hold Church and as as speakers. of the well Pressome

106 Deseret 144Pocatello the sible between and young boy man ident the G. Marion Romney made 106 Big Horn River 138Bear 20, they have 12 of ages whether and presentation. 105 Palmyra 135Box Elder Priestthe Aaronic to ordained 102 been the Riqby 130 Priesthood AaronicGrant convenAt

Ensign 127 Nebo 101 hood or not. tion October 9th in the Assembly Hall,

No. Weber 125 Shelley 101 In connection with the Extension the Aaronic Priesthood chorus of Bon100Smithfield Jordan East 124 of supervisors stake Plan, and ward neville stake the furnished music with 100 123 Angeles Mt. OgdenLos confer to Priesthood are urged Aaronic leaders of 1 67 chorus a boys and many 122Wells in of similar groups leaders Sunwith

Ogden Stake is the only one reportday School and M. I. A. for the proper CHORUS.BONNEVILLETHISSTAKECHORUSAARONICSANG ATPRIESTHOODAARONIC

ing more than 200 Aaronic Priesthood development of a balanced and definite PRIESTHOOD CONVENTION, OCTOBER 9, 1938.

members acting as Ward Teachers.

ADULT PROGRAM SHOWS ADVANCE Probably the greatest advance yet * indicated in the Adult Aaronic

Priesthood program is reflected in the report for the first nine months of 1938. A brief summary of the report

indicates the following:

Total rating 26, a gain from 19 in 1937.

Wards with classes gained from 130 to

Average attendance advanced from 3% to 13%.

Assignments filled increased from 14,347 to 16,423.

Members filling assignments increased 8% to 9%.

Members acting as Ward Teachers increased from 1,313 to 1,348.

Wards with adult supervisors gained from 176 to 259.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

directed by Dr. D. E. Smith. Lloyd quorums for 1938, and reporting to the to the officers of quorums winning the

Keddington, Deacon of Emigration Presiding Bishopric those which have award.

Ward, sang "I Am a Mormon Boy"earned the Standard Quorum Award It is urged that these reports be accompanied by the chorus for the past year. These awards will sent in as early as possible in order that

All the boys who attended this meetbe sent to the stake chairman for presthey might serve as an incentive to ining and helped make the project a sucentation at some stake gatherings, crease activity during the year ahead.

cess were entertained in Yalecrest where proper recognition can be given {Concluded on page 41)

Ward recreation hall by the Stake

Aaronic Priesthood Committee, BrothCameron,ers Don withJ. E.the Gleave,cooperationand THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW Cummings,Clyde

of the stake presidency. A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the

A venison barbecue with all "trimLord's Law of Health mings"was followed by an evening of games and athletic events Approximately two hundred boys, WIN OR LOSE of Utah, where he was studentbody leaders, and members of bishoprics of president, led the Mountain States conthe various wards attended. A Glimpse at the Life of a Mormon ference, making his best mark in 1937

Boy Who as Scholarathlete when he bounded 23 feet 8] inches. Example on and off Set an SUPERVISORS'GUIDE In athletics, naturally has DickNEW Field theFOR ADULTS living for design found the Mormon

unfailing his support. can't 'play "You Stohl Clark By for of supervisors Adult guide new A nicotine strong drinks around'with and** will be groups Priesthood Aaronic - says. twenty Bennion, champion,"he a Durand become Young Dichard 1st. for delivery Januaryready The by Intercollegiate, ing the he Eastern S. and Benof yearold son Dr. Adam for orsuggestions contains booknew to invited Giles play an were Bennion, Gordon nion Minerva who and Young supervisingganizing, conducting, and

officers exhibition the before of carbon copy to a Army be "Just wanted in addition a adultthe program and stationed Island, at Governor's his himself, distinguished his has dad,"New classes. for adultlesson guide magnificent York. his Utahns state, his were university, The by Church and of portion guide lesson the was The in trimming is Julius as and Heldman his accomplishments. known He originally George Elderprepared by ranking top from Kendis, Bradley team finest players tennis produced of the one used of Utah, Logan, Skidmore whoW. of California at University the critics Loscompetent the in Rockies, and

it success. guide outstanding with The at followed, reception Angeles. blisterhis rate east to west today from A will doubtless amplified andhas been guests. the boys were which with Mormon ing smashes he overhead, which supervisors. assistance to material ofbe

offered, tea Cocktails secwere but off by and as ground, feet the well both is orders, with 10c. price AllThe request, special Bennion Dick and in country. the Already to none ond shouldremittance accompanying, be

milk. is Giles had better Gordon known, in as "Dick,"he 1936 Bishopric, 40 the Presiding tosent

junior national in the fourth time, Another on a hot SaturdayNorth Main Street, Salt Lake City, ranked in 1937 he doubles, and singles and won morning 1937, captured Dick in May,Utah.

the intermountain net crown. Then, the western division Rocky Mountain

singles Freed, then by whipping DanNEW MANUALS READY withlad ofGordonsplendidGiles,habitsanotherand attainments,Mormon to paired with turn back Jack Hardy 1V7[anuals for Priests, Teachers, and he became coholder of the Eastern Malcolm Booth and Bill Pardoe of

Deacons quorums and for adult Intercollegiate doubles title, won in B. Y. U. in the doubles finals. With

Aaronic Priesthood supervisors are July, 1938, at Montclair, New Jersey, two hardearned victories behind him, now ready for distribution and are beundoubtedly the most eminent conDick went over to the stadium that ing sent to the field as rapidly as orders quest any Utahns have ever made in the afternoon and leaped 23 feet 2y2 inches are received. A handbook for supertennis world. to take the state college event. Such

visors is also ready. This is a guide Dick was standout in the broadendurance is born of lifelong observfor the organization, operation, and jump, too, and while at the University ance of the Word of Wisdom.

supervision of Aaronic Priesthood quorums.

The price of each of the books is 10c. Orders with remittances should

be sent to the office of the Presiding

Bishopric, 40 North Main Street, Salt Dick Bennion (left) and GorLake City, Utah. dontogetherGilesto (right),annex thewho Easternteamed

in July. This Jersey, New

onlySTANDARD QUORUM AWARDS clair,isIntercollegiatethe Doubles at Montmajor tournamentPLANS URGED UPON Utahns have ever won outside anythe is Giles country. intermountain

drive.SUPERVISORS seen a forehand completing

Giles were and Bennion in 1936, Priesthood of AaronicCupervisors ranking doubles junior fourth *** in Bencountry. the Dick set to are up imtheduo urged Quorums

is S. Dr. nion the son of Adam for the standards comingmediately is Giles Bennion, and the Gordon

year, as outlined in each of the Aaronic son of Professor Thomas E. Giles.

Priesthood manuals and also in the withBoth brilliantare cleanlivingpromise Mormonand achievelads supervisor's handbook. This plan sets ments in the field of athletics.

up standards for each quorum to follow which are intended to increase the interest of members in their duties and activities, and also to set objectives for the quorums to reach during the year.

Stake chairmen of Aaronic Priesthood are charged with the responsibility of checking the records of all

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

He lives in person, and by His Holy

Spirit is everywhere.

IjJcUuL J&achsUi&u 71/hAhaqsi, stbhuwu}, 1939 We have troubles enough now, perhaps, and there is no doubt that we

SOMETHING FOR NOTHING shall have more, for we are at the beginning of the last days, but if we 'T'he desire to secure something for nothing has caused untold grief and keep the commandments of God, we * misery in the world in all ages. The "getrich-quick"idea in one form shall have faith to hold on until the end.

or another has been used by promoters of schemes and "rackets"of various Then will the value of our trials kinds, to induce people to make expenditures in the hope that they might appear.

be the "lucky"ones and gain comparatively large sums of money thereby. Then will the justice, mercy, and love

Probably never in the history of the world has this spirit been so of God be fully manifest.

rampant as at the present time. The schemes being perpetrated upon the Note: The above was used as a

public have invaded practically every field of business activity. HouseWard Teachers Message by the Pocawives are urged to spend comparatively small amounts for products they tello Stake.

may or may not be able to use in the hope that, out of the millions of women who enter such "contests,"they might find the end of the rainbow and secure the pot of gold. Aaronic Priesthood

Young people are confronted on all sides by devices, games, and {Concluded from page 40) gambling schemes to induce them to send money. The amusement field in SEPTEMBER 30TH REPORT

"somethingfor-nothing"also with invaded been has communities many PRIESTAARONIC SHOWS it are afford least frequently the are ones those can schemes, who and who GAINS HOOD largest in numbers. attracted

Priestin gains Aaronic Cubstantial its that or plan, as other device, game, arrangement has scheme, Any *** first activity for the nine hood for securing should of something nothing the incentive hope motive and the in of indicated are 1938 months Saints, as being and unwholesome immoral and Latterday avoided be by report Presiding Bishthe tabulated by religion. spirit thus have, secured of Gains the our in with not harmony

Office. inop's attendance Average disastrous. of cases, unfortunate Winners of been and in large numbers

the to creased from over 32% 37% public, stories the have reached schemes, other have lotteries whose and 1937. period of same blessing. rather than curse a their has a winning been testified that

filled Assignments 597,802, were to children been broken, have made mothers and been have Homes in 1937. with 540,148 compared The selfrespect, lost their prison; to sent have been suffer; have men men young

of of PriestAaronic number members the started on people young impoverished; families and been many have

inacting as Teachers hood Ward life schemes. in such through road wrong 9,654. creased to 9,327 from Quorums

Latterday Saints should observe the teachings of our Church leaders organized increased from 2,928 to in this respect. Gambling in any form should be avoided. Such schemes 3,010. The number of wards havina

and plans do not come from our Father in Heaven. quorum supervisors increased from 955

to 971. The total Aaronic Priesthood

COUNT YOUR MANY his nose when it itched? He made the 46,008.under 20 at the time of the report was

out of he had and got some most whatBLESSINGS total rating, stakes in coverLeading of it. out happiness all activities, There is perhaps no home in which ing as are follows:

there is no trouble. But with all our troubles, how many Ogden 86 Pasadena 80

There are few people, rich or poor, are the blessings that we enjoy. Highland 82 Shelley 80

81 Timpanogos 80but that have some sorrow in their lives. We should follow the advice of that Grant

It would seem to be a part of God's fine Sunday School song, and count Los Angeles 81 Maricopa 79

Salt 81 Phoenix 79 Lake children, training of His for theplan count. occasionally. Let them us now

Bear Pioneer 79! Lake 80 tasteless considerand when it, how these every we one or more of Some 80 one Logan of variationlife the without be would has:

Gridley, Granite, Cache, Hollywood, the bitter.the sweet and blessing of our The Pocatello and Stakes have reached a

is that contrasts It these we fathers, by mothers, our family:children—Our our rating period. the of 78 for

All the joy happiness.achieve we have could them? buy who

their find willor to have hope may for labor, privilege to what The life. in in comparisons theseroots life be without work? would Church Moves On because bewail and mourn Then why ( Continued blessing enables from page which of Faith The

we have them? us to hold onto things unseen. JULIA BUDGE NIBLEY 33

Is it not better cheerfully to face and The blessing of Hope which holds PASSES ON endure them? out to us a constant light! At the age of 77, Julia Budge Nibley,

One fine old philosopher said that The blessing of Charity—the love of widow of Charles W. Nibley,

when he felt to be discouraged beman for his fellow man. former member of the First Presidency

cause of some difficulty, real or fancied, And above all, to the Latterday of the Church, died December 5 at her he would go out on the street and Saint, the blessing of the knowledge home in Salt Lake. Long active in

could always, in the course of a short that has come to him, that God lives, Church work, Mrs. Nibley had also

walk, find someone worse off than that Jesus Christ is His Son, our Elder been the first telegraph operator and himself. Brother, and that through Him we may also the first postmistress of Paris,

Have you heard of the man who had be saved. That while learned men Idaho, where her father had been sent

no arms, and who rigged a system of of the world are doubting the reality of by Brigham Young to preside over the straps and pulleys, so that with the God, and the mission of His Son, we L. D. S. settlements there.

wiggling of his toes he could scratch know that His word is true, and that (Concluded on page 42)

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH

J. KIRBY, A. HAROLD WIDTSOE, SMITH. JOHN FIELDING JOSEPH

Assistant Treasurer. President and A. WILLIAM LUND. L. MYERS.Secretary. GARRETT CHRISTENSON. M. KIRKHAM, JOSEPH JAMES Assistant Treasurer and

President. Vice Superintendent Bureau of Research E. PETERSEN. MARK

HILL, Directors. ELLEN F. BENNETT, ARCHIBALD

Librarian. Assistant Librarian. Secretary and

sister, mother's river to her It sent for without cent our one wasACTIVITIES OF CANNON children. resided in property. Quirk, forty acres of land had Quayle who on Catherine We receivingFAMILY the prairie Island. city a lot with brick and house a Long Brooklyn,

rVnE George Cannon Family AssoAnn Quayle Cannon, having a premonion with four rooms and a good well. We* ciation are to be commended for tion that she would pass away before she had to leave it all to a wicked and ruthless

the interest they are taking in family reached the main body of the Saints and mob. We started for Council Bluffs. When

history and temple work. Right now being determined that her children should we got to Soap Creek, I got run over. Both

course back. via wheels over her went charted them, There with was "gather"my microas to so funds gathering arethey

if thirty that they at the the weight hundred for she on wagon Orleans, knew New Isle of the registers of parishfilm the time. sister for took would dead, keep but her up with York, me They via went New the place Cannon which fromMan I the blessing of the Lord, they not children enabled would and was motherless the

progenitors came. be privileged to reach Zion, since Catherine to be about in a few days. It injured my

We reproduce below a few paraQuayle Quirk did not join the Church. health very much. As soon as we had got

graphs taken from their letter recently out to the Bluffs and got a house built sent to members of the family, showSt. Joseph, Missouri, Charles went to St. Joseph to work and he

until stayed spring 1848. 26, he when came home November the records securing of theing need

live. there to and live Cousins: moved we and Aunt, Uncle, now We in the Dear be copied can theyand how to lines miles at twenty there the from a few to drop pen I take Nodaway up my

modern way: you, thinking it will be interesting to you quarry. Charles is now working about fifLast year many of the most valued recto hear from us. You will, I expect, think teen miles from here putting a foundation

ords of China, some of which go back to the it very unkind of me not answering your for a house. I expect him home in two

time of Confucius, were bombarded. Pracletters before this, but we have been so unweeks and then he is going to cut stone at

tically all the cultural treasures of Spain settled that I have not written to anyhome all winter. I would like to write more

have also been destroyed during the presbody. I suppose you have heard of my but I don't get time to write often as I am

ent war. Tomorrow this same thing may being married. I will be married four years kept busy preparing for starting in the

happen all over Europe, destroying forever the twentyeighth of this month. I have spring. I should like to see you all very

the record of our ancestors which we have got a very good husband. His name is much but it is useless to think about it

been charged, at the peril of our own salCharles Lambert. He is a stone mason and without you should come out to Salt Lake

vation, to collect, thus fulfilling the prophcutter by trade. He comes from Yorkvalley.

ecy that "the night cometh when no man shire. I have Angus, David, and Leonora George had a letter from Uncle Charles

can work."[her younger brothers and sister] living with [Quayle] and Grandmother [Quayle] when

As a family, we have delayed. me and also I have two fine boys of my Uncle Taylor [President John Taylor] came

A great opportunity is now offered us. own. The oldest was three years old the home. Grandmother was in very poor

A new, efficient and remarkably economfifth of this month. His name is Charles health when he was there. I was very sorry

ical method of copying these records has John. The other will be eight months old to hear of Aunt Emma's [Quayle] death.

been developed. It is called the microfilm. the eleventh of next month. His name is I would like you when you write to GrandIt consists of photographing books, page George Cannon. George and Ann [her mother to send her all the news I send you,

by page, on a strip similar to a movie film, brother and sister] went to Salt Lake with and when we get to Salt Lake I will write which can be projected by the reader Aunt Taylor. I have had several letters and give them all the news. Angus, David,

through a small handturned machine. from them. They like the country very and Leonora send their love with me to you

Brother Archibald F. Bennett, secretary well. We should have gone when they all and if Charles were here, he would join

of the Church Genealogical Association, enwent but the Indians killed our three yoke with us. Give my love to Uncle Joseph

courages the Cannon family to lead out in of oxen. [Quayle, brother of Catherine and Ann]

procuring copies of the parish registers in I will now give you a small history of and Elen. I must now draw to a close.

the Isle of Man by this method. what we passed through since we left EngFrom your affectionate niece,

Last year one L. D. S. Manx family land. We sailed on the 18 of September Mary Alice Lambert.

spent to secure only part of its Manx lines and our dear mother departed this life on Dear Mary Ann: [a cousin] I thank you

by the old method what is probably more the 28 of October. We did not get to for writing to me and hope you will write

than would be required to make copies of Nauvoo until April the 12 and on February as soon as you receive this letter and I can and bring here by this new process, all the the 28 Father got married to a widow. answer it before we start. Direct for Charles

parish registers of the Isle of Man. Her name was Mary White. He went to Lambert, Stone Mason, St. Joseph, [Misthis started have project after six must he months we St. Louis in about To get was souri]. Send me the names of all my

part buyingfunds. week, a he do your by a married. Will been there had you cousins. When

membership in the Cannon Family Associahe strained his back with lifting and the first From your affectionate cousin, tion at once? day he went to work he took sick and he M. A. Lambert.

A Bit of Cannon History hadthat tosameleavenight.at 2 o'clockThey saidand ithewasdieda atfit 10of

To show the value and importance of apoplexy that he died in. Stepmother had

died. girl after six he months Her a little letters gathering in and genealogyold Church Moves On

[stepis she since Elizabeth and name family in compiling are a helpthe they (Concluded page from 41 got St. to and marLouis has mother] gone circular recent ahistory from quote we

of ried the Charles to a by name man assoHANDICRAFT family MORMONsent out the Cannon by... to learn Taylor. gone had George FOSTERS INDUSTRYciation. HOME printing death. Father's before the business

Through the kindness of Inez Phillips Aunt [Leonora Cannon Taylor] took Ann "JVormon Handicraft is the name given

Baker, granddaughter of Catherine Quayle to live with her, and Charles took the rest a new branch of the Church WelQuirk, Ann M. Cannon recently came into of them. He behaves like a father to them. fare program, a project being sponsored

possession of a priceless letter which has I expect you have heard of the battle in by the Relief Society which enables preserved time at from there that miraculously almostbeen were Nauvoo. We sell articles to in the made home waitwomen written finished. to from ing for days.Pioneer our be was They wagon The letter at a gift shop has been opened which it the painting Alice battle Missouri, commenced. were CannonSt. Joseph, when by Mary

Lambert when she was yet under twenty The cannonballs fell guite thick around at 21 West South Temple Street in and uncomplainingly mothering five little our house. We were driven across the Salt Lake City.

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

I. A. Y. M. M. Q. MORRISI. A. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH LUCYY. GRANTW. M. CANNON GEORGE

JOSEPH J. CANNON General Offices Y. W. M. I. A. HELEN S. WILLIAMS

BURTON K. FARNSWORTH 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING VERNA W. GODDARD

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

Executive Secretary Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices Executive Secretary

iu&fcttGJo J/wAfL U)ho w fNCE, some Wise Men were guided by a Star to a manger where a Child \ y lay. They brought gifts and worshiped Him, as the Son of God.

Today, after long centuries, wise men still follow the star of faith which leads to Him and still bring their gifts of love and service to lay at His feet.

As nineteenthirty-eight closes and a New Year dawns, we greet our beloved fellow workers in the Cause of M. I. A. and extend our sincere wishes for happiness, peace and prosperity. We trust that success may

attend the efforts of every faithful officer and leader, that all may have the satisfaction and joy which come from service well done.

And most of all we pray that love of God may be in every heart, and the assurance that Jesus Christ is

His Son and the Redeemer of the world. May we make Him our Companion and Friend. May we read His

holy Word. May we do His works. Thus shall the Star still shine about us and our lives be permeated by

its radiance.

Y. M. M. I. A. General Superintendency. Y. W. M. /. A. Presidency.

neighbor as thyself."Each of us is Smokinq?"by Dr. Henry C. Link,

encouraged to act separately as persons which appeared in the September, 1938, with other persons until the result will Era. This article is stimulating and

be felt for good throughout the Church. will be conducive of good if passed

THEMEPROJECT Theecutivesparticularis to assignmentaid someonefor intheoverEx- toPresidentthose whoGrantarewasinveterateespeciallysmokers.pleased

article this that desire said or drink. to the with he because coming smoke to Curie wished MarieAlthough visited so this cases, themeproject or has In year Link a he when many Dr* institute in built her have a radium constantly. ago, already. there Dr. But accomplished Link been smoked Now felt that the Poland,beloved she imeffort of the instances crying learned he smoking are has on where harm

poverished condition of her people our part as leaders would encourage and has proved that he can quit. Anafter the World War made such an those who, although smokers or drinkother article to be reread is "Thanks,

achievement impossible. Her sister ers, are eager to overcome their failing. But I Don't Drink,"in the Era of Definally inthe plan a evolved whereby 1937. talked to a cember, executive young One

stitute built great too without could be built and up he had told him that As executives, man we do not have to a hardship on any one person. Each so strong a habit of smoking that she reform the whole Church in the matter

to contribute brickwas one toward it. of sure with couldn't person smoking; he one overcome work was we He

edifice. In this closethe manner, a fortify ourselves, at said, I'm a time. laughed not so "Oh, and weak we To

since effectedcooperation each was quit."sure our look Testashould through I'm as that. I can Each New simple thingcould one do which by the of again count she him, she time ments ask and number him would saw

united effort would rise to a magprogressing. that Christ he did His with work week times One was how

nificent structure. single in contrast to told that persons the very her he he had been three weeks

is this year capable theme Our that to multitudes. times talked He tobacco. touching of without He is still few

just significant united service such a and If will perconvert Executive one each trying to overcome his bad habit.results: love serve another, one "By will son, the be soon Church whole

for all the law is fulfilled in one word, We should like you to reread the made better.

even in this, 'Thou shalt love thy article, "So You're Going to Stop (Continued on page 44)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

(Continued from page 43) If you have made positive progress in accomplishing your themeproject, we should like to hear your methods that we may pass the information and help to other wards and stakes.

ORIGINAL ASSEMBLY PROGRAM HPhe project for the Assembly program committee is to create one program in addition to producing those which have been published in the Executive Manual. The time has now

come when the program for next year is being prepared. If you feel that

your original program is unusual enough and general enough to merit use in other wards, will you please get them in immediately to the M. I. A.

General Board offices at either 50 North

Main, or 33 Bishop's Bldg., Salt Lake

City, Utah.

DANCE FESTIVAL Cinceare nowexecutivesbeginningand todanceplan directorsfor their dance festival, this report of a successful affair from Pocatello Stake, held

April 7, 1938, in the Stake Recreation

Hall under the direction of the stake dance directors, Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Walker, should prove stimulating. The total number of participants was gratifying. In the dances

104 entered; in the presentation, there

were 45; 30 singers and 12 musicians

performed, bringing the total to 191 SCENESTIVAL (APRILFROM 7,POCATELLO193S). STAKE DANCE FESnumber of officers at the monthly leadwho benefited by the activities. The ership meeting. The ward Mutual

event included the following numbers: NEW Y. M. M I. A. BOARD winning it the greatest number of times

1. The Gleam Waltz, M. I. A. Official MEMBER ANNOUNCED during the year will be awarded it per-

2. (a) Ladies Chorus Wards; manently. Waltz—All for eight years H. Pettegrew, Alma (b) Violin Old Ward,An shield is in the Because—Third of form a banner The *"* the 3. of director; Secretary General Mrs. L. Y. Matthews, Gold George M. M. felt is with of green heavy and made Cotillion, I. 192728 and Green Dance the of has a A. been member made

letters. $4.00. cost gold was The 4. Original Ward; I. it Board, General Y. was A. Waltz—NorthContest—Fourth M. M. interest already been has Considerable 5. Pocatello; Caprice, Green Gold and recently the General announced by rivalry. in goodnatured manifested 6. 192829 Ward; Dance—Fifth Pettegrew's Brother Superintendency.

7. Original Solo Vocal Ward; Waltz—FirstContest effective appointment became August 8. Picciano; Original Trot Fox—Anthony will continue 1938. his 24, secreHe 9. Second and CenGreen Gold Ward; ADVERTISERS THE tarial duties. tennial 1929 Contest Waltz, Dance—Third Will Find and You Where 10. Girls'Sextette, Stake Gleaner Ward;

directed by Ann Pearson. Presentation of Their Messages

Queens and Attendants of all Ward Gold and Green Balls held this season. Directed American Smelting Co..59

by Mrs. S. R. Meadows and Charles Green, Beneficial Life Insurance Co

Stake Drama Directors. Designer, Ann Back Cc>ver

Meadows; Stage Lighting, Wayne SlaughBrigham Young University..59

ter, Roy Cox, and Norton Marler; Violins, Continental Oil Company..59

Ralphene Varley, Ann Pearson, Sybil MatDeseret News Press..62

thews; Piano, Lillis Hill. Announcer, Lloyd Globe Mills..35

Call; Salutation, June Marshall. Pocatello Hotel Lankershim..59

.. 1 International Harvester Co Original Stake Waltz—All

Directors. KSL Radio Station 11. Original Fox WardTrot—SixthDance

Inside Back Cover Caprice, 12. Gold Ward; and Green M. I.

Official A. Sixth, Group Dance—-Third, * L.MountainD. S. BusinessFuel SupplyCollege....61..63 Pocatello North and American Falls; 13. I

..57 Hotel Grand Original 14. SenNew Ward; Waltz—Fourth

School of Beauty Culture...59 Ogdenorita 193132 Contest MIA, Dance—First

Ward; 15. Original Fox Trot—Fifth Ward: Provo School of Beauty Culture...57

16. Gold and Green Tango Waltz, 193334 Quish School of Beauty Culture-..63

..57 17. Quadrille. Ward; RageDance—Sixth

Shell Oil Company Special Feature STAKE PROMOTES by Don LIBERTY Dance—Directed

Inside Front Cc>ver 18. Original "LET'S Ward; Waltz IDEA MUTUAL"GO TO Miner—Fifth

..55 Garment Gee Company 19.Third Gold and Ward; Trot Green Fox in stimulator to Tee the campaign Asa..57 Engraving Utah Company—Rockland 20 Ward; Aloha (Goodbye Oe * increase the Liberty attendance..57 Co.... Fire, Insurance Utah I. Home and Official A. Thee) With M. Go

I. "Let's... has provided A. a Stake M. Oil Refining 3 Utah Co Fox Song, "Carry Wards; On"LoveTrot—All

It will to banner. Utah Mutual"be 57 Power & Light Go Co Orchestra: Mildred, Rich-—Congregation. ard Dale, and Margaret Barrett. given to the ward having the greatest

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

EFFECTIVE LIBRARIANSHIP articles. For instance, in a beetgrow- A skit: "The Fussy Mother,"presented

ing district, collect articles on that suband directed by Mrs. Albert Toronto of

By Amelia Bennion ject and file them together. Somebody the University Ward.

'T'he question has been asked about at some time might wish quickly to find Me,"ComicMrs.reading:Albert Toronto."O! How He Loved

A the equipment and material needed history of that subject in your comPenrose Trio of the 11th Ward: Two

for the starting and maintaining of a munity. Always write the name of the selections.

library. Keeping in mind the simplest paper and the date of publication on Song: Jaceta Johnson.

of these, I suggest the following the clipping. The last number on the program was

this are doing might work You who demonstration of dances and by Mr. file catalog box. 1. A that interested to Harry know in H. were M. Mrs.a Chapman, who 2. John in to keep cards of be box which A of the Public Lydenburg York New in circulation. that dancing. of the are charge demonbooks They

3. Catalog cards. Library has asked that the Church strated a number of oldfashioned

4. Book cards. send to his library a copy of everything dances and introduced a new one. The

5. pockets. is Book that and has been published by or rest of grand in a the evening was spent

6. slips. Datedue the Church. about all ball enjoyed which was greatly by 7. Book plates.

8. Labels. present, especially by the older members

9. Accession books. of the stake, who danced until the party

10. Paste, pen, India ink, typewriter, when was over. The waltz was the favorite

possible. number of the evening, which was attested by the request for the "Blue

If you haven't much money in your Axel A. Madsen and Grace C. Neslen, chairmen; Danube Waltz"by Strauss to be playbudget some of these things can be Bennion,Richard L.GladysEvans,E. Dr.Harbertson.L. A. Stevenson, Aurelia ed three times.

made at home as I have suggested in articles.previous reason Another for ADULT SOCIAL EVENINGS

is thatmaking them it is very at home expensive to buy them in small quan- A n important part of the Adult tities. "M. I. A. program is its social

Of course library procedure ranges features, during which men and women from a small collection as in most wards come down from the formal plane of FrankHarris, W.HomerMcGhie,C. Warner,chairman; FloyedDr. FranklinG. Eyre,S.

to collections of millions of volumes study and academic deliberation and Werner Kiepe, Dr. Wayne B. Hales, Alma H.

with staffs of hundreds of people. This learn to know their neighbors. Many Pettegrew.

of librarianshipmakes the successful work very of permanently the most and BUILDING M MEN MORALEintricate special library and makes enjoyable groups Adult in the Church training necessary. are There about the tradition been built a have upon and in any department Men of A n M

in schools thedozen library neighborliness riecreation. United social and all factor its activities is a potent of

States that offer postgraduate work Below are cited the details of a successof the M. I. A. to the degree that it

with B. A. and M. A. degrees and very ful Adult social evening held recently has "mental pep,"group compact,

intensive training for one or two years. in Ensign Stake. From it, some may mental and social alertness, spirit, or

During this fall, have you been coltake ideas for their own wards: morale. Our department, through its

lecting the books that belong to the morale, should give the intellectual, soward? Try in every way possible to Adult Social of the Ensign Stake cial and spiritual tone to the M. I. A.

this collect suitable also to and booksdo is said the of to a morale be group The of party the annual Adult Ensign HpHEthat people colto to wish give your spirit, zeal, the the of confidence the or A 8th, Stake held was November iflection. this especially live is It you Do group. mysterious not power. a in the 1938, 27th Amusement Ward isin a there it. community where pubno is pocus"about "hocus no There this social five Hall. past years the Forlic library. interest might all it; some You Griffith says, have men "Some efforts culmination the of the been has inpeople or to your it. It community is ward of acquire frame mind."can a leader, of the teachers Stake Mrs. andgive yearly subscriptions. magazine is ideal of the frame mind morale High in the Stake, Arthur Ensign and Adams for circulaitPrepare is magazines your for spirit for our deportment and this the considered the party year was justtion as books, pockets with you It virtue. do intellectual a does permanent of successful the point most from numit slips, is but not datedueand necesIt easily. takes denot time to come in in also presthe bers attendance and to unlesssary accession it. bind them is It you velop emotionalism rabid not entation a of superb which program was

isa of them. This volume very worthall time. the but of spiritedness

in attendance. those enjoyed bywhile with very magazines, espegood his in Griffith Professor book The

cially our Church ones. Two months in advance, the preparaPsychology of Coaching, chapter eight,

tions the party for the begun were and intangible mental is an says: "Morale thing might to Another be doing you

in the date of Adult each announced state that virtue. of It is a makes mind is to library to your keepadd newsclass classes. teacher and memThe slacking, evasiveness, cowardice and It clippings, circulation. forpaper not

the invitation committee. bers formed It is of bodily impossible. and a kind this time forwill take some to become

responsible for one ward was mental attitude an indimakes which valuable,especially but the sooner Each finance vidual 'fit'for any task. Morale is theyou begin the better. From each daily number on the program. A

paper, cut out the articles which are committee was appointed who secured measure of the quality of a man. It is

cover appropriations each from ward to integrity."physical mental and He interest historicalof way. in an The

reorchestra and the expense of an of further says, a high state mind in "A thisSalt has Library done Lake Public for years and now has some very freshments. morale is a peppy, spirited mind. It

valuable historical material about Salt The master of ceremonies, Professor is a cold weather mind. There is a

Lake City and about Utah that cannot Joseph F. Smith, announced the folsparkling crispness about it. It is a

be found in books of any kind. You lowing program: mind that knows how to 'snap into it.'

know your community and you will Singing: "The Lord is My Light."Electric currents never sleep, and

know what the people are interested Piano selection: Sister Elizabeth Haynes, neither do spirited minds."

in. To keep these clippings, get manila of the 13th Ward, who is eightyfive years Here are a few practical suggestions

young.folders of newspapers. them or make on how to build this morale in our M Song: Madsen Mary Ann

clippings the separate according department:Then Men selection: Mrs. Piano Don Swenson.

to subject and file to make them easily Trombone solo: Henry Tanner (a) Keep up with the Gleaners in

accessible. On each folder write Accordion Band: Twenty young girls all activities.

plainly at the top the subjects of the and boys made up the band. {Continued on page 46)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

(Continued from page 45) (b) Practice it.

{ c ) Control fear and doubts.

(d) Use slogans, placards, challenges.

( e ) Furnish living examples.

(f) Keep a healthy spirit.

(g) Take time.

At the Ogden M Men school the following sportsmanship code was given by the speaker, Brother Mark Bailiff:

1. We shall try to be graceful winners,

if winners we may be; we shall try to be

good losers, if losers we must be.

2. The referee was chosen by mutual

agreement of the competing groups. We

believe he is competent and fair. His decisions are to be respected.

3. "Booing"is the worst form of unsportsmanship known. It will not be tolerated.

4. It shall be the responsibility of the

home group to insist that any person who continually evidences poor sportsmanship be requested not to attend the activities.

5. Recognize and applaud an exhibition

of fine play or good sportsmanship on the part of the visiting team.

6. It is good sportsmanship to be as quiet

as possible while a player shoots a free throw.

At the same school the following ethics for our coaches was given. We

suggest it to your coaches and urge its use in spirit and practice.

Basketball Ethics For Coaches 1. Instruct your players according to the

letter and spirit of the rules.

2. Insist that your players do not question the judgment decisions of a referee.

In disputes covering misinterpretation of rules, have your captain call timeout and discuss in a gentlemanly manner with the referee the situation, insofar as the rules cover it. 3. Treat the visiting team coach with the

same friendly attitude that you would hope for, when your team plays on an opponent's court. 4. There is no one more vitally interested

in having a wellofficiated game than the official himself. A basketball official is

called upon to make many judgment decisions and occasionally he will make mistakes.

Usually, however, the average official does not make the number of mistakes that the average coach or player is guilty of during the course of a game.

5. We find that the attitude of the coach

on the bench either encourages good spectator and player sportsmanship or throws fuel on the fire of poor sportsmanship which we are attempting to eliminate. If the coach

is in the habit of making uncomplimentary gestures every time the official calls a foul on one of his players, then you can be assured that the patrons of his team will break loose in their loud disapproval of the

1. South Bountiful Chorus, at Stake Tabernacle.

2. The Gold and Green Ball Queens and attendants

from Bakeisfield, California.

3. Queen and attendants of the Gold and Green Ball

at Gray's Harbor Mutual, Aberdeen, Washington.

4. The crowning of the Queen of the Gold and Green

Ball held in Sevier Stake.

5. Queen and attendants of Gold and Green Ball held

in Susanville of Branch District. the Nevada

6. Queen and attendants of Provo First Ward, Utah

Stake, Gold and Green Ball.

7. North Hollywood Ward BeeHive Girls.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939 decision. This condition sometimes leads to in a little ceremony rather than passed to all Gleaner leaders who order the

worse situations of the court, as spectators out promiscuously any time. ( See page M Men Manual.

exercise a tremendous influence in determin205 of your manual). New girls

the sportsmanshiping too. time, at this be introduced attitude or the lack should

it the contestants.of among is to plan a important thing The most

6. The coach should make efforts prior nice social evening together. Have a

to the opening of the season to encourage program and light refreshments.

coach sportsmanship. spectator Thegood 2. What requirements must a girl fill HThis time of year we always review unethical fact that it is stress theshould

and ungentlemanly for a spectator to exbefore receiving her pin? * our past and try to pick up a few

press disapproval in a vociferous manner of The Gleaner Committee has specified broken threads and mend them. These

also official. coach Gleaner the in of The decision enrolledthe an girl be that only Will are you—and to spectators players and encourageshould before understands she that class rejust and one more you—addresolves. mendsyou—and as players team's the opposingregard it wearing that pin the receives she list? to Resolve be your solve to guests to be rivals, happenedfriendly who the to live up to is trying she means and toes Gleaner as Men your on op- M 100% hated stake, not as and orof the ward however, wards, Some Sheaf. leadership this, Gleaner your officers? do noises To disconcertingponents. Making percertain of a requirements helpthe is and worthwhile make a attempting must be player meetings opposing anwhen

in participation attendance, the of are opponent an centage booingfree and throw a comconduct. on faults in unsportsmanlike program,principal work and an assembly found Youth have you hope ful.We pin, for the money After earning need. just you etc. Its what Culture players that, in a committee, 7. Instill in your

petitive sport like basketball, it is necessary Use your own plans, but don't make all, culture is the art of knowing exfor a boy or young man to mobilize frethem too difficult to achieve, for every actly what to do with one's self at all quently, during the course of a game, all the girl should have the privilege of wearing times. Have your mutual lessons this

that courage, intelligence, skill, and of pin. that road along he a helped you year comopposed possesses; by to do this when yourgirls with of Gleaner to do exactly what married knowing 3. young Are abilsimilar with petent opponents endowed Senior in the selves? to go supposed age this a spirit to with purpose; do ity and

of genuine sportsmanship, that we will not class? The February lesson, "Poise and

permit him to stoop to that which is base No, they are supposed to remain in Good Manners in Public Places"is esand mean in order to secure some advanthe Gleaner class until of Senior age, pecially good. Of course you M Men

tage over his opponent. unless local conditions make this inand Gleaner officers are thinking and

8. Emphasize to your players that when advisable. In such case they should go planning for this lesson already, beany of them resort to unsportsmanlike conin the Senior class only with the percause you know that it is yours to

duct of action during the course of a basmission of the executives. present in February. You stake offiper- of injures hundreds ketball game, he leaderthe at January cers, be prepared to work time have 4. can we When is player himself. a Each other thansons helpful good give to some meeting ship books? Truth of Treasures on our If institution. his he of representative officers. Have the to suggestions ward the in this for time is no There sportsmanprinciples of the good violates to Culthe book, Road The read you have groups the but some ward Class, disgrace upon brings ship, he Gleaner Your Shaw? Charles Gray ture by that project this in interested and upon the stake. so become contains for December magazine Life other's homes at each meeting are they This form. condensed in a the book night some on a month twice or once

of may February for seventh the lesson afSunday on or Tuesdays than other demonstration. effectively by taught be books. their on to work ternoons the demonstrate could couples Young Valentine Stake a have we 5. May entering a dancing, of correct way

Jensen, Dance? Katie C.

Stewart, Helena Nixon chairman;W.FredaLarson,Jensen,FlorenceGrace The Plnnock. B. M Men and Gleaners are to plan room,theatre,crossingetc. Then,a ballroom,too, theenteringnegativea

a Valentine party for their own Ward side sometimes shouts the lessons louder 14. Howthan the positive. A few of the don'tsGOOD NEWS! for Tuesday night, February

ever, you might have a stake dance on in the lesson could be dramatized. This in The Im Gleaner Department'HThe is manners poise and good some other night if you can do both lesson on

Era will hereafter "* ptovement in the be well. ones the most important one of

Box. as a Suggestion Memconducted lively discussion good manual. A Committee of the Gleaner bers if leaddemonstration the follow could desire SUGGESTIONS as possible field as much the to help asked. questions were ing

class questions if members introduce answer to they feel that order and Tn to committees appointed you Have and * problems of joint sent your success on own to the by you add and Party? This Valentine your on work, work also print suggestions that you can one ward M Men Leader asked various is to be a ward affair and the executives

experiences, introduce your of seats and to change people make because given the Gleaners have and M Men at it and will about the beneighbors will be happy to theireveryone themselves for the evening. No the responsibility

find real inspiration in this new material. ginning of the class. It was arranged lessons have been outlined for Febthe with alternated fellows the that long to be evening 14. Plan an ruary it will about two take that Remember

all sat and possible as girls as much Gleaners. and by remembered, the into Men questions to your get months M well. very did not they know someone found night this be for Suggestions may think so them, write after you Era the has of fun lots made and It was 14). (page in manual the also and let them us have and ahead together belike to meet people young banthe has committees, of Speaking Tell us what suggestions. fine your

better. other each they cause is know and appointed been committee quet things especially those doing, are you

that have been successful and helpful Another ward asked members whose it at work?

to you. birthdays were in January to sit in the A happy New Year is our wish for

first row, February second row and so every M Man and Gleaner.

even strangers a comgave This GLEANER QUERIES on. for conversation. topic mon SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

1. What are we to do on the second Gleaner Manuals are sold out. How- M MENGLEANERS CONVENE

comradery night. January 24th? ever, you can get the lesson material by "PVelegates from San Bernardino,

-* Pasadena, Hollywood, Los AnThis is an excellent time to present buying an M Men Manual. In order

the Gleaner pins to the girls who have to cover the Gleaner special activities, geles, and Long Beach stakes, together applied for them. Girls appreciate their a pamphlet has been printed including with representatives from sections of

pins more if they are presented to them all of this information and will be sent (Continued on page 48)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

(Continued are from page 47) enthusiasm. "up"protheir guides and Then we helpers—prayer,service going books, even ahead fessionally? Are good good we Missionthe California met at Long theirfriends—no

Beach for three days, from December a little on our teaching ability? Are could be more potent in 1939.

2 to December 5, in the first annual we alert to educational systems, do we We hope that you have had or are it having a delightful holiday party? WeM Men and Gleaner Girl convention study our subject, and think about

to be held in Southern California. do we know our psychological pathope your 1939 plans include a working

Conference sessions were conducted in terns? Again, let's answer "yes"or calendar correlating all your endeavors

the spacious concert hall of the muni- "no"and make an educational plan for and that you have been able to put cipal auditorium. An historical pageant ourselves. And last (and most import- "fun"and joy into your work. We'd

to which the public was invited culant of all) are we near to our Heavlove to see some of your plans and to minated a full program of luncheons, enly Father—open in attitude and desire hear of your successes and problems.

committee meetings, and conference to the help and inspiration which He is Won't you write us and help us in the sessions. so anxious to give us? Let's make practical phases of our own New Year's

spiritual plans that will clear divine work? A glorious New Year to all of

channels for us all. you—not only on the first day but Secondly—others—have we our throughout the entire span—is the wish

theme in mind in all of our work? These of the Junior Committee.

Junior Girls of ours are, next to our

Christensen, ElmerM. Chairman; Mark H. Nichols. own families, our most immediate and Winters. G.Elwood

important "neighbors."By love let's

VANBALL serve them. They are our particular

one, endearing a assignment most and

Intercouncil Vanball AnnualTThe all Let's of our plan us know. Philo Farnsworth, D, E. Chairman; T. Hammond, A at will the held be Tournament Peterson. E. the Arthur it to to 1939, keep asservice—let's Salt City,Deseret Lake March Gym, to the Message. Gospel theme and

all for L, 4, D. S. 1939. Scout3 and Week Doy

It of that the to us keynote seems,*J official in the competiParticipation should Explorer Scout Troops and is faster moving 1939 "speed"—we're for hastive Athletic exercises Explorers Sport appropriate with commence

scientifically, technically and mechanthis ever than year greater 5,been evening 1939. much Feb. The Sunday

spirpace comparable a Only competitionbefore. keener and ically. service feature should Scout the Boy With

serve us will itually this speed make this tournarepresentation, year's the ofwider departments Explorer and M.

in life instead death. of the best ever one to be promisesment I. A.

conducted. What are the spiritual implements Since this is the first Anniversary

Council winners who will particifor handling speed? First, control, secWeek since the Jubilee of Scouting in

pate in the tournament must submit ond, danger signals, and third, guidthe Church, the program in each ward the names, ages, scouting rank, and ance. might well depict the progress of

ward affiliation to the General Board Control, of course, means selfcontrol Scouting under L. D. S. sponsorship.

Y. M. M. I. A., 50 North Main, Salt—control of moods, fears, irritations, The history of Scouting in the ward and

Lake City, by February 20. appetites. List them for yourself. Help stake should be reviewed and objecyour girls see the vitality and strength tives for the future adopted.

SAFETY SURVEYS of control instead of its inhibitions. The program should be well planned

Help them to feel smart and modern and executed. Members of the Boy

HThe Explorer ThemeProject, Safety and strictly 1939 in being spiritually Scout and Explorer Troops should parSurveys, should be intensively proprepared for "speed."Is this any help ticipate upon the program in the form

moted during February, 1939. Safety in teaching the "Word of Wisdom?"of speeches, dramatizations, choruses,

surveys of highways, churches, public Do liquor and tobacco entail a terrific or other musical renditions.

buildings, and homes should be thorloss of control, and are you serving your oughly conducted and the results subgirls by love in helping them see this mitted to proper authorities. Conin a modern, young sense?

activities reports of such shoulddensed shall we signals—how Now—danger the sent to Generalalso be Board here of present them? It seems to us that

Y. M. M. I. again is a grand opportunity to dramEthel S. Anderson, chairman; Margaret N. Wells,

atize for Junior girls the significance Andersen,Bertha K. CarolineTingey, Adams.Ileen Ann Waspe, Lucy T.

of "light". All over the country, roads

are equipped with "reflectors"which, /\nce again a New Year lies ahead.

when lit by our head lights, give back / Along with the other resolutions

Marba C. Josephson, chairman; Lucile T. Buehner, the guides—-"curve ahead,""winding you make for the coming year why not

Emily forth. ex- H. Bennett,A.umiouAngelyn Warnick, Evangeline road,""slow"so Every and include that pertain to some Beeyour Beesley.T.

lives of perience of our should be made yourself Hive work. a few quesAsk

A new day is always a happy thing this "reflective material"so that when tions such as the following and perless person's experienced younger or better haps able* to before to judge will be you have a whole a us—and

us, for truth searchlight is turned upon effective are should a "joy forever."Year your how be making youNew

It offers unlimited opportunities and every force of our life will inevitably BeeHive program: Am I BeeHive

hopes to the girl or woman who is young give off these warnings or encouraging conscious the week through or just in spirit and who does not let the missignals that will "light up"the road for a few hours Tuesday night? Do I

takes and disappointments of last year for others. Have you sung that lovely devote enough time to preparing my

blot her vision for the promise of 1939. song, "The Builder"? Be sure and do work? Am I alert for supplementary

Shall we as Junior leaders make new it. And you will have another graphic material concerning the adolescent girl

resolutions? Best, perhaps to call them pattern for your own life and for your that I may better understand my girls?

"plans."The most satisfactory planJunior girls. How is the order and discipline in my

ning is done with a pencil and paper. And what about guidance? All of swarm? Have I done all I could to

First ourselves—are we living laws the January Gospel lessons are on arrange for adequate and pleasingof health that will keep us "fit"for guidance—a great essential in the New equipment for my BeeHive room?

our work. Let's answer it "yes"or Year of a speedy world. Let's try to What have I contributed to the Stake

"no,"and if "no,"let's write a workable give our Junior girls a real feeling for Swarm?

is the time to start planning forhealth plan that will keep us in trim the Priesthood—that it is authority Now

for doing a good job and doing it with from God Himself. Let's show them {Concluded on page 49)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

the March Sunday night conjoint. The Suggestions: Brahms "Lullaby.""MinTraditionally, 18 at least, the cane

in F,"in uet Beethoven. "Melody G,"for is program suggested afollowing carried to the islands by early was

Rubenstein. it is slightwill note occasion.that You of ancestors immigrants, Polynesian Girls 11. seen on the BeeHive "As detail than greater in modifiedly and Hawaiians. to modern the Happiness."RoadI have

the one in the Executives'Manual. a. Personal observation of their activIt would not be difficult to believe

that Lehi, while en route to AmerBee-Hive Music: 1. Preliminary Songs. b. need your help. Howities. they shore, or advisited the Bengal "I will taste ica, Project: c. Their Theme or Organ. 2. by Bugle BeeHive Call

to that islands, he jacent added and the of service neighsweetness by to aisles the inarch Girls 3. up BeeHive

for children."acts borly limited his sugar cargo, growing music. Rechapel soft, appropriate

d. for three the Call responses from cuttings, plants, or the sing BeeHive perhaps cane standing and main Ranks. Call. varieties in seeds, some which even girl tells e. of each from Rank One "I'll the Lord Serve Service: 4. Song fertile, a later are were which the in carrying they joy found have the I "Let Holy Young,"While am the out Themeproject. in his for people of sugar source the Soul,"in "Sunshine Spirit Guide,"

12. Girls Prayer,"BeeHive (p. "A by if in the plants these Naturally, I America. Good Done Any "Have 141). of two any (Choose Today."World leavcolonizers available, were new 13. Girl. prayer: Closing BeeHive above.) the with take ing the would Americas

Girl. 5. BeeHive Prayer: It is a pleasure to hear always from it is starts, the necessary and them Hear Girls—"I BeeHive 6. Chorus by the activities special of you and your that migrating from groups proposed "Spinning Humming,"the a Bees refollowing BeeHive Swarms. The islands to the continental America Song."port received Sadie Sorenfrom was Y. 7. of Ward Welcome: W. Words ultimately them, carried with cane son, Stake: BeeKeeper, Stake Benson Bishop. I. or President Ward A. M. in plant establishing the many PromBee-Hive Benson Stake BeeHive Buzz 8. The was Reading: The Choral

ise with the Salute. (Girls should have held October 17th at the stake tabernacle islands, and particularly in the

Bands. in Richmond. During the evening stunts Hawaiian group.

9. Building the Band: A blue paper and musical numbers were presented by The fact that early explorers in

the girls the in stake. the where each fastened from ward be should As Band disthe did not report the Americas

special a of event the see it. recognition program can congregation A BeeHiveall be not need cane of sugar covery to three (which have given stake the was and awards girl pins two ward Beeon

been cut from stiff paper or cardboard) Keepers who had become Honor BeeKeep- considered contradictory to the on the Band as other girls, following ers during the summer. At the close of the theory presented, since the native

explain refreshments and program to served were outline tell how the below explorers discovered by one American girls forty their BeeHive hundred earned. The and BeeKeepers. be they may early 16th in the late 15th or the girls precedes then the the repeated "Builder's talk which girl gives The Purwho

the placing of the awards on the band pose,"the "Guardian's Resolve,"and sang century was poorly adapted to should conclude by turning or pointing "The Honey Gatherer's Song."agricultural pursuits. It would not

completed it having to and stating that place be surprising to learn then that an inshe requirements the may now the violets (substitute other awards) updustry depending on agriculture on her band. When completed the Lehi's Route to America had wholly disappeared as the early

the the one on resemble should Band (Concluded [com page 28) civilization waned in America. may, of the Handbook. You cover

symbols. other course, use of Conclusion in that Those involved stage of the

stands for."The our Emblem a. "What migration, if Lehi's descendants, of ideals the BeeHive and purpose of material which has /\N the basis

to Islands, the westward not presented a moved by organization Girls'difficult it is not been presented, the girl. conclusion (At BeeHive eastward, coming immediately from jourof the the account to harmonize the is pinned on beehive the brown the Americas, rather directly than

of the progeniPolynesian neying Band.)

b. "My Trial Flights."A Builder in from the East Indies. Naturally the travels. of Lehi's the story tors with

adjacent of islands to America requirements gives the the Hive would It appears probable, therefore, that tells about one Flight and the Trial be given first consideration in selectFlights she the Trial of on.) is pinned Cell (Hexagonal enjoyed. ing their new homes. Lehithe newfollowedland, astheoutlinedocean currentsabove, andto

the in Builder Cells.""Filling c. jour- A that furthermore, the he made Point Further A of statement qives a short how Hive in stages, stopping only perhaps ney Structural filled or Foundation she a relationship f of the Lehi the at brief for the various periods very of the I requirements the Cell and is to colony acceptthe Hawaiians in are traditions the violets places perpetuated Builder's Rank. (Two

pinned on.) ed, there is further evidence that and folklore of the Hawaiians. This

defined, Lehi the followed path Builder's Purpose. and d. it possible to information outmakes

us."Exsymbols do for our e. "What in particular that entered he the Bay line, tentatively the possible at least, individual and of planation Swarm of in as his migration a step Bengal in the as of the journey, path of shown Honey. Gatherer symbols by

(Symbols are pinned on.) to the new land. Sugar cane, 18claimaccompanying chart (p. 26). Since

Bengal, (Gold of native a Song."Gatherer's be was ed to f. "Honey stages the early apof the journey

is on.) pinned bee prior C., in to India 327 B. known the to followed southwest 17 pear have "Guardian a BeeLine. "Makinq g. A after colony the Lehi years only 270 it drift, tell postulated the be might about monsoon the of Treasurer may

it route to America, passed en and enjoyed makhas she most BeeLine in that the Lehi colony embarked it this is for cultivated that requirements probable other ing, was and left their craft the Arabian and on.) pinned are (BeeLines Rank. date. in that of well there advance in the early or peninsula spring sumResolve. h. Guardian's it cultiit that is claimed was Also centuries twentyfive ago. mer, some i. symbolizes"Badge an Honor "What until in the India exclusively vated to necessary be requirements and 18 of Assistant S. Professor Kuykendall, 18Mr. R. it century, D. was 5th Yet A. Girl. exletter to Hawaii, History, of University Dr. C. BeeHive The an An Honor

15, 1936: Barnes, with talked "I have May or exhibit in demonstration planation, the Hawaiian found

of of the AnthroBotany Departments and Islands by membersDouglas for an Honor the accomplishments of in 1778. of at the with University pology here and one Captain Cook Badge. It would be well to have local anthropologists not connected with the University,our

Ritter, (citing to Karl indicates Surface, that evidence the agree seem they and Thomas Geo. 10Dr. BeeHive this given Honor an by

Appleton sugar 'proves') that in not scientist) say (they would cane Sugar (D. Story The of last year. Badges of ( Honor Girl it that to the Islands, but indigenous is wasnot Hawaiian 15). page 1910, Co., are &German

on.) then pinned early brought Vol. here ancestors immigrants, Chemistry, Engineering 27. p. Polynesian i7Industrial by and

10. Instrumental trio by BeeHive Girls. 989, Sept., 1935. of the modern Hawaiians."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

An Imperial Luau The Story of Our Hymns Melchizedek Priesthood ( Concluded from page 25 ( Concluded from page 22 ( Concluded from page 38 the the soul of concerning perTithing Now, every General affair. occasion a grand The was Office—for

the death and between is to must able send not son come stateresurrection—BewhoColossal! Gigantic! biggest The

it hold, has unto been by made known me for that time one have some its them—and since the theof of kind days spirits of that angel, the as all men, soon an will profitably there but be employed, perthis ofancient kings mortal are Hawaii, as they departed body, from and

little for their sustenance. to seek more all spirits of the be yea, whether they men, then.haps surpassed not The if in you a house and your Get Ward, to evil, or that are taken good home God full ideal; air of theweather was sisters, brethren, put or have two two it life. shall then gave them come And who

music. Never was there such an to pass, that the spirits of those who are them in it, make them comfortable, find

entertainment in all the land! righteous are received into a state of hapthem food and clothinq, and fuel, and

is of called state piness, paradise, a which to direct spent the coming time now reminded of bygone were Many rest, rest state shall of they peace, a where profitable in this wisely Office Tithingdays, eight time of heroes, of the or all all their troubles, care from from and labor. (Brigham Young, Journal of tall, feet spearsnine wielded 40:1112.) sorrow. (Alma and who

12:114.) Discourses, long,ten yards warriors with and

12. have so much faith Some peoplefeather of red helmets and yellow; George Careless added to the arare that grasshoppers the although

of a time when our people lived in tistic simplicity of this hymn when around in such vast numbers, they are grass huts and gray old bards sat at he wrote the tune to "Rest, Rest For confident of an abundant harvest, betheir doors to chant songs of love the Weary Soul."It was probably cause of the movements made to gather

and praise; of the days when conceived at the burial of a friend the poor this season. They say the

George Q. Cannon came to these and written in the choir loft of the Lord would not inspire His servants to

islands and found here men and Tabernacle, where he often combring the poor from the nations that believing, starve. so might And faith of valor, great his music. of they diapason and of posedwomen The

sell last will of the bushel they go and all their the for gave of great themen pipes who the organ must trustnothing, for comparatively wheat of Christ. in harinspired theGospel Jesus the bass have their wants. for to provide God

chiltheir their line children, last this truly of of Today, the mony it is is this reaof kind; not ingMy infaith

dren's children, and Saints from beautiful song. To hear it sung, on sonable. If the Lord gives good crops

other lands are to build here a tabthe hillside, in the red glow of an this season, and tells us to lay up that ernacle unto the Lord, where thouevening's setting sun, carries one abundance, I do not think He will insands will come to hear the word close to the gates of paradise, where crease His blessings upon us if we foolof God. the righteous await the glories of the ishly squander those He has already

bless will the us. I believe given He is the spearHonolulu to become resurrection. Truly, Henry W. I will for sake; people's earth and His Pacific of in the Careless,head Mormonism Naisbitt and George

it; natill it to get crop from a try and will bring tabernaclearea. combination tives in the of England, The

if of to take advantage I neglect but additional beauty and increased inof their poetic and musical genius, the goodness of the Lord, or misuse or spiration to a community already have given solace to thousands of treat lightly His mercies, I need not beautiful; and full of kindness and bereaved Saints, and added a preexpect that they will be continued upon

cious contribution to Latterday Young, Journal of Discourses, 12:219love.We are grateful to the Lord that me to the same extent. (Brigham

our luau was a success. Saint hymnody. 220.)

celebrated year of each spirits Christ devils. evil and of andThe Protestors of witchcraft, In Blood. Festival of the the Holy belief the in that the He grew up

Christendom Emperor ruled by divine right and 1502, a Papal Jubilee was celebrated (Continued from page 21) that the pope stood at the head of in the city. There were processions

displayed, relics full were of pomp; redeepest of the His church God. there cenbeen had two Though sold. Undoubtedindulgences feeling and ligious fear the and was the criticism ofturies of growing

festival in the part ly, took Luther sinful greatest problem how man nevertheless began Lutherchurch, of thought with probably, and, no reconciled with could and be God of faithful thehis as a son work dissent. punishments. His escape desire to did foundchurch; not he

to Erfurt to study Luther gone had village the frequenting After to correct church, but onlya new far himself so devoted law, but had for school school, attended Luther in and,certain the old church abuses scholastic philosophy humanand in for to year then one Magdeburg, to her according hoped,as he own istic friend of a studies. death The at Eisenthree years (14981501) cerof submissionstandards. The in death escape from narrow a and Latin, ach, then acquired he where tests practices to beliefs thetain and part his thunderstorm on a own for unilanguage the indispensable underscripture asof reason he and at the monastery enter him to caused intialso into work. came He out versity gradually himstood drove them

In he 1507, was (1505). contact with the people. At Erfurtof the Church. mate In a priest. he 1508, was ordained Eisenach he contributed to his own

ChortlyEislebenafter(Nov.Luther's10, 1483),birth hisat supportin the churchby singingchoir.in theAt streetsthe ageandof calledthe Universityas professor ofof philosophyWittenberg,to

father settled at Mansfeld, a rich eighteen, he left Eisenach to attend founded six years earlier.

mining town. In Mansfeld, Hans what was then the foremost German It was probably in 1509 that he

Luther acquired economic independuniversity of Erfurt. As a univerwas sent on a mission for his order

ence. However, Luther's early life sity student, he was outstanding, to Rome. When he came in sight of

was spent in poverty and he was and, in 1 502, he took his Bachelor's the city, "he fell upon the earth, subjected to severe discipline both and, in 1505, his Master's degree. raised his hands, and exclaimed,18

at home and in school. The people Luther was a pious member of the 'Hail to thee, holy Rome'."

of the town were superstitious and Roman Church, as were his parents. Kostlin, Martin Luther, ch. 2.

Luther heard stories of sorcery and Erfurt possessed a drop of the blood (To be Continued)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 193 9

UTAH'S PIONEER WOMEN DOCTORS

(Continued from page 17) sage, to the remarkable statements back to her from the close of one those whose need is great. Their inthat were issuing from the lips of momentous day:

inspired time man: "Esther, has is it done?""The those this carried sofluence far by was

to forth as "Yes, Luther, come come for women it is,... 'His study. to them for came Withwho

utter simplicity of heart and mandoctors in these valleys of the wife had gone down into the waters ner, but with sublime faith in the mountains..."of baptism to become a despised

good that their disciples could do, Why Romania saw herself in the Mormon.Utah's pioneer women doctors imlight of the chosen, she did not Why the tones were hushed the

parted their knowledge to their stuknow. But it seemed to her as baby Manie did not know. Three

dent classes. And through the dark though Brigham Young had already years of life were not enough to

hours of night as well as the long, released her from the usual path of tell her that it was an awesome busy days of their practice, they life to minister at the bedside of the deed for a woman to take such a who were often less able to stand sick. step in advance of her husband, nor

their the that to harmony came why their patients their feet than life! path usual of Hers was The father's her immersion home when sick, the to

...uponthemselves—ministered responsibility. of one had She also followed reefed about was needy.the unfortunate, and the little five eldest the boys; enwas terrific anxiety. with the But Bun-

... his the tering but teens youngnells the traveled course badgered

est she lost an infant. was Had PART ONE her of in from moving other Mormons

in this to think herself of reason settlement to settlement. B. Romania said. Pratt light? she "No!"the again temple under Once

"Cor what a bountiful harvest BrigAnd then her thoughts ran on: construction in Nauvoo came be-

I am listening fore Romania's eyes. She could ham Young sowed when he set "The man to whom

apart Romania Bunnell Pratt to does not speak from his heart alone. see the glistening white font supstudy medicine!.. Small of stature, As surely as the river of Galilee ported by the twelve oxen. "Marirregular in feature, brownhaired, flows from the heights into the blue ble font! White marble oxen!"

brillianteyed, Romania Pratt sat lake of the plain below, the words Again, as she sat before the fire beside her husband in the Salt of Brigham Young are flowing from in the tiny house with Parley, the

Lake Tabernacle at a Confer- a divine source through my being. sound of martial music rang through

I shall study the fired ears. heard medicine, and I will not her 1873, and theence meeting, She with was

..."delay! prophflutes her of the playing asvoice of Brigham Young, been she had

etleader, as it rang through the vast "Parley,"she said that night afwhen the Mormon Battalion marchhall: "From fertile lands we came ter they had talked the matter over ed from Winter Quarters on their

to these sterile plains amid the in their home, "It is such a tremendire way to Mexico.

mountains..."he said. Brigham dous step. My baby...."Romania did not see those tatYoung was aging now, but there But Parley encouraged Romania tered men in the lacerating condiwas work yet for him to do. In this to pursue this course. tion of their return. Had she done

gathering he had a special message There was a special mission that so her spirit would have been for the sisters. "If some women he himself was most desirous of marked also with the anguish ofhad the privilege of studying they performing. His father, the Apostle their suffering—her heart was alwould make as good mathemaParley P. Pratt, had written his ways open to compassion.

ticians as any man. We believe autobiography, and had dedicated a Her parents longed to gather

that women are useful not only to large sum of money to its publicawith the Saints in Utah, but they sweep houses, wash dishes and tion. Parley had been living for the were forced to return to the banks

raise babies, but that they should day when he could fulfill this wish. of the Mississippi. Romania was

study law... or physic..."And now, strangely enough he saw their only living child. Esther was

Physic! Romania's spirit was at both himself and his wife carrying expecting another baby, and no

once host to the thought. Her into effect their great desires. chance could be taken with her

heart responded within her at the health. Yet, even after the little

could that suggestion the born, Josephine Bunnellsvery was women stirred. baby cry 'T'he His was of for for leave a life could not the themselvesprepare West. They

infant's. that hardly of past an like Reluctantly,medicine. she they would money. had no How well heart. straight to Romania's It went

to doctor! the Luther's of returned landto be a

wailed, as the But even baby Roto infathers there was much in Ohio. Here, two sons But how recalled strugmother's her it mania Could that course!terfere born. with were

gle for of the Gospel. the sake And herself asked she desperate last, with hope accomplished? one Atbe

this that great knew woman for alert of every she possible, the she migration sat tense and makingas its help to further cause. her would left this to his family Luther follow mothat and might wentword

for Surely, care Esther would fields a try of to all of the California gold statement. Suddenlymentous

boys, her little and harm no would withsilence of that stake for the opened wellgreat poswould make in her. She herself had so rebefall the baby. sible their dreams.

cently gone through the valley of She recalled other times when her He found his gold; his paydirt

the shadow to bear her fifth son, mother's role had indeed been heglittered with it. But his family

she seemed very close to the import roic. Swiftly the memories of a never saw him again. He died of

of this meeting. In her memory the lifetime flashed before her. And she fever among his diggings. The

ordeal of travail was still clear. Her thought of the earliest of them all as recollection of the years that folwhole being was tuned to this mesthe solemn voice of her father came (Continued on page 52)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

UTAH'S PIONEER WOMEN DOCTORS ( Continued from page 5 1 "I'll go to President Young and Romania entered the Woman's lowed brought the tears now to Roask him for his blessing now,"she Medical College of Philadelphia.

mania's eyes. Esther sacrificed for thought. "As he set me apart then, She had a terrific struggle during

her during that period of her life. he will again.... Where the her first semester. All that she

Luther had cached his treasure so money will come from I do not know. could do was to get her bearings

well nothing could be learned of it. But I must have faith.... I must and pray for guidance.

But poverty did not deter Romahave faith...."* * Her second term, however, told

nia's attendance at a female semi- a different story. She spent the

nary in Indiana where the family VJ/ithout foreseeing its result. summer as a private student, toiling

had moved. Mother Esther Bunnell had while her classmates enjoyed their

It came to Romania in this moalready taken one step for the holidays. She even became the first

ment how fortunate it was that she cause of Romania's going away. woman to enroll in Bellevue Colhad received her education. Of Not long after she and her family lege, New York. In the fall those

what avail would her desire for a reached the Valley, she traveled all students at Philadelphia who had life of medicine be without those the way to St. Louis by ox team to before derided her were compelled

years in the Seminary? purchase a piano for her two daughto yield their admiration.

Curiously enough, and though ters. By the same tedious methodyears passed, a male relative eventshe returned, bringing a massive Although Romania—individualist

left to studyually found Luther's treasure. Had oblong instrument of ebony and exthat she was—had

the widow's guardian prevailed, cellent workmanship with her. Jomedicine presumably for the sole

however, she would have taken sephine did not play well, but Ropurpose of midwifery, she specialnone of it to Utah. "The Mormons mania was a good musician, and the ized in the study of the eye and

themselves will be the first to rob finetoned instrument became her ear. But her funds were running

you of it,"he had said. But no protest own when Josephine married and dangerously low, and continued

could daunt the fervor that lived moved to Indiana. schooling looked doubtful. Unable

in Esther Bunnell's breast. PurSuddenly it seemed to Romania to remain longer in Philadelphia

chasing an outfit, she, with her four as if her heart was wrenched wide she boarded the train for Utah, alchildren, commenced the exodus to open with the force of the decision most penniless.

the Valley in 1855. Romania was that came to her. "The piano!"she When she arrived she was

sixteen years old. said. "I'll sell it. We'll need greeted with acclaim. Almost at

There were many admirers in Inevery dollar that we can lay our once she was made president of diana with whom she had to part. hands on. No matter what has been the Retrenchment Society, foreShe remembered with a smile how set aside to publish the book, we'll runner of the Young Ladies'Muhappy her mother had been to get need more money for my work."tual Improvement Association. This

her away from "Babylon,"where It took months to prepare for the society was organized by Brigham her blooming womanhood was an years that were to be spent away Young to encourage simplicity in attraction to the young men of he* from home, but Romania was resodress. She was the very person to

acquaintance. Romania had tingled lute, and one day she said to her take the lead in this endeavor. But

with delight at the very thought of husband, "Parley, the house.... did not her President realize that

seeing the "Promised Land."The "Yes, Romania, the house...."she herself was beset with anxiety?

trek was one of endless pleasure to That, too, was sold and a farm That she could see but vaguely the her. Her heart sang with anticialso, which had been part of Parway to accomplish the mission on

pation every mile of the way. But ley's inheritance. They had to inwhich she had already embarked?

no disappointment ever equalled the crease their funds to the utmost. She might have known that it was

one that assailed her when she Everything that would bring any not for him to see her profession cut reached the brow of Little Mounmoney at all went for the dual entershort. He who so long ago cretain. As she looked out over the prise. But there was another partated projects where men might

highwalled valley, the vision failed ing that was even more poignant earn their bread could certainly to impress her with its glory. than these when the day for devisualize a plan to get her through

Where was the city of shining towparture came. Romania took her school. The Relief Society, spurred

ers and flashing metallic cupolas of ninemonths-old baby from her on by Zina D. Young, Eliza R.

which she had dreamed? When she breast and placed him in her mothSnow and others, raised money for

learned that the few black splotcher's arms. She and Parley left for her to continue.

es on the plain far below representthe train.

the great the mosaicist seen Had the of she City Zion, thoughted Little Parley, of fourteen years this that result changes from wouldthat did she not Zion what know to in age, to gone had work Ogden of completion her woman's he work faithmeant. But whispered, the and his factory. must add a broom He still his altered not have would her. ofbeauty baptism comforted to this great cause; mite he would course. lines the personalof That

Privation followed the arrival of send his grandmother Bunnell what ity were chiseled more deeply, that of Bunnells.the the to help care to could the with the he hardadd To lengthened high shadows were and

littleship brothers. established, of four Esther becoming had famlights in shifting brightened were thereine land. the gar- a orchard, crickan and was upon was The

life, of the pattern a merely were raised strawbersheets den where streams the descended; themof a great byproducts necesand

ries. thirsty. diligentselves care her both But famwere Through

ily was not entirely without blessbrought her some income. The lads sary result.

ings. She was chosen to teach in should not go hungry while their Two more years of study were

Brigham Young's school. parents were away. lightened for Romania by remark52

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

UTAH'S PIONEER WOMEN DOCTORS able experiences at different hosning of the epoch of the West with ways helpful. She was generous

pitals and in clinical research in the caduceus in woman's hand... to her sons, whose own lives had

Boston, New York, and Philadelbeen changed through this new life phia. A great stroke of fortune came A fter less than two years of pracof hers. When she went into resito her when she was once more tice Dr. Romania returned to dence at the Deseret hospital, the

deeply troubled over the lack of New York for further specializagrandmother again cared for them.

money. She was required to meet tion in her chosen field. But this In turn, Romania gave her the most

the expenses for a term of training was the last time she left Utah tender, loving care throughout at a lyingin hospital, but she had while her mother lived. After leavEsther's aging years. Romania was

no resources for the purpose. A ing Josephine with her baby in her never too tired, even after working

friend who had paid for one in Bosarms, she could hardly wait to see day and night, to answer her mothton was called away. She transferher mother and her sons while the er's bedridden greeting with fine

red the privilege of her entrance to train made its laggard way to Utah. cheer when she entered the house.

Dr. Pratt. Her eyes softened with maternal "Manie! Manie..."Esther would

But even the great triumph of Rolove at the thought of seeing her call.

mania's graduation was shadowed babies. But even her youngest "Yes, dear...."

by this dreadful problem. It was boys were no longer babies when "Can you come here?"

June, 1877, when she received her she returned. Esther's house was Manie went to give her the lovdiploma. She stood upon the platsilent when she entered it. Romaning caress which she needed, and

form clothed in cap and gown, ia ran to the orchard—that same to perform some small service

thirtyeight years old, and on the orchard which had helped to feed her which was invariably requested.

verge of a new life. Before she boys. "Children! Mother!"she Esther was blind, and over ninety

stepped over the boundary, howcried. But the smallest child greetyears old.

ever, she had one more case of fied her as a complete stranger. It

nancial stringency to overcome. was hard to allay that pang. And now into Romania's life

How was she to get home? Truly, she For thirty years she was one of came the last great change. She

was at a loss. But Josephine, her sisthe chief figures in Utah's medical became the third wife of Charles

ter, who lived in Indiana, was expecthistory. Her career was not entire- W. Penrose, an Apostle, later a

ing a baby. Her husband offered ly to the satisfaction of the male member of the First Presidency of

to pay Romania's expenses home if fraternity. The struggle which all the Church. Through the shifting

she would serve as attending phyof the women doctors of Utah went of the mosaic a new pattern had sician. Again Romania felt that the through to gain the respect of the emerged. The final picture of her

hand of destiny had touched her men was indeed comparable to the life was of magnificent design. Her

shoulder.... This offer was good long effort of their educational outlook was broadened by half a

pay. Midwives in Utah were reachievement. "How is Dr. P.? world. Some time after their marceiving three dollars a case! Teaching her Sunday School riage, Dr. Pratt Penrose accompaAt this high moment of her life class?"one of them would invarinied her husband to England, where

the occasion of her first case in her ably ask if he found her in obstethe presided over the British and rical session with her following. European missions.own right—another deeply arresting religious experience came to Still she was never refused asAlways certain that Mormonism

her. At Clifton, New York, where sistance by the men if she asked represented the true and everlastshe stopped on the way to Indiana, for it in difficult operative cases. ing Gospel of Christ, she was unthe manager of her hotel offered to She removed diseased eyes; she compromising toward the practices

take her with his other guests as a used the knife upon mastoids, and of others. She gloried in the cathees. She delivered thousands of babut she deplored the worship thatshe—atourist totourist?see theSheHillwhoCumorah.had missedBut she subdued other dreadful scourgdrals of Germany architecturally,

being sent to Europe as student bies, and she corrected as many went on within those beautiful representative from the lyingin cases of defective vision in her buildings. Seated at the window of

hospital in Boston because, while wellequipped office in the Godbeher hotel opposite the Dom, she there, she had ardently defended Pitts building. She sponsored the wrote:

her religion? Not Romania! valiant work of the Deseret Hos- "I sat long gazing on this grand

She visited the sacred hill as one pital; and she became its resident structure, and wondered when the

who belonged to its tradition. In physician. But never once was mummery which is used in the

her heart Cumorah was enshrined this professional work unaccompaname of religion would be stilled as the place where the Angel Monied by the religious theme of her and the sublime structure dedicated roni had delivered the plates of life. That resisted all change. For to the true and living God."

beaten gold into the hands of Joyears she was assistant general secAnd again: ",.. It is an actual

seph Smith, the prophet. To her retary to the Relief Society. Later positive truth that the Christians,

this experience was almost of as she was a member of the organizaso-called, worship an unknown great significance as the projected tion's General Board. God, just as much as they did in

trip abroad would have been. It She loved good clothes, and she Paul's day, and the only difference

outshone all of the precariousness wore fine apparel when she could. between them and the heathen is

through which she had passed on She had learned the joy of homage; they have nothing in their mind's

her way to graduation. a good appearance was part of that eye, while the heathen look upon

But oh, what a symbol for new pleasure. But neither had she for- a tangible idol."

life in the faraway "Valley"that gotten the promptings of a kindly But she had always been highgraduation was! It was the beginheart. To the needy she was al- (Continued on page 54)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

UTAH'S PIONEER WOMEN DOCTORS (Continued from page 53) afforded the opportunity in Europe ering was truly a courageous act.

spirited, and, at times, uncomproshe expressed herself fearlessly. At But Romania loved her religion

mising in her attitude. In her the International Suffrage Alliance above any earthly way of life. It

rounds at the Deseret Hospital, she in Amsterdam, and in London two comforted her when nearblindness had been kindness itself to one payears later, she did not hesitate to came upon her after she passed her tient, while to a sufferer in the veryinvoke religious testimony. ninetysecond birthday. She was

next bed she was sometimes curt There she stood, gazing into the past her ninetythird when the mists and sharpspoken. countenances of this vast audience. of death surrounded her.

the But, pursued she because had sparkling eyes were Her brown this during now, European Even the of within righteousness path them. not Her age dimmed hadexperience, heart the hers not was faith, of close she her because was the figure small plumped was byfor universal the nor sympathy, intolerant, at hers times because still heroic years, she but and was fire for widemind tolerance—the universal for the heart not was commanding. the of enthusiasm, fearlessnessof that did she can say sympathy, who

decision distinguished her. But now After speaking of political offices not worship the Most High God?

indeed her religion was coupled for which women were especially That she did not sense the spirit with a world movement! adapted, she said, "... This (the of universal love? In the first flush

She was fervent in the cause of fortuitous use of the ballot) has of wifehood she had used the exequal suffrage. Who could remain been exemplified in the workings of quisite craft of her fingers to emindifferent to this great question equal suffrage in my own community, broider tiny garments in anticiparighteous equality cannot fail to on her mission abroad she servedwhenWells?—andassociatedDr.withRomaniaEmmelinehadB. and the universal acceptance of this tion of the holy joy of motherhood;

been so associated. But, had it not bring to the world greater freedom, long and diligently for the poor;

been for the dignity of her profeshigher justice, and closer union and as a doctor she devoted her fine sional calling, she might not have advancement in everything that skill not only to the cause of sufferplayed the active part in suffrage will elevate humanity, and bring ing in her own city, but to her sisgatherings which now became her them to that condition of harmony, terhood as a whole; as a traveler

privilege. At no meeting of this kind fraternity and peace, foreseen by she reveled in the glory of nature;

the prophets...in of ancient and in America gold seas of molten the whose had a Mormon woman

..."times.ever to speak. the the tide shores of been allowed North washed The modern

question of polygamy was too sore The prophets... of modern Cape, "where the midnight sun did!"

a point. But when Dr. Penrose was times! To speak so in such a gathnot sink but rose to shine again...

TRIBUTE TO A LEADER

( Continued from page 8 written for the occasion by the Honof honor, with a fulness of gratitude

The governor of the state; the orable John M. Wallace, Mayor of and appreciation.

mayor of the city; a Catholic bishop; Salt Lake City, as part of his tribute The General Committee who or-

a public utilities executive; the chair- (reprinted on page 8) was also ganized and executed the banquet

man of the board of trustees of a noteworthy. And then came the consisted of:

university; the publisher of two

newspapers; the general manager John F. Fitzpatrick, Chairman;

of one of the world's largest Orval W. Adams, Nelson W. Aidmining operations; a young man berich, Gus P. Backman, Julian M.

ginning his career; and a Church Bamberger, Harold H. Bennett,

associate were among thosei who Richard L. Evans, George M.

spoke their tributes. The TaberGadsby, Edward O. Howard, Robnacle Choir sang its praises. Hunert L. Judd, James J. Kelly, David D.

dreds of tributes came by letter, Moffat, Wendell M. Smoot, Elias

telephone, and telegraph, and the S. Smith, Guy R. Toombes.

guests assembled—and hundreds of J. Spencer Cornwall directed thethousands who were not—said an Tabernacle Choir. Dr. Frank W.

honest and thankful "amen"to all Asper was at the organ. Edith

that was there done and said. Tribune Photograph. Grant Young, one of the President's

The birthday cake, more than six THE COPPER CHEST CONTAINING A THOUSAND daughters, appeared as a soloist.

feet high on its pedestal, with spunSILVER DOLLARS, PRESENTEDGRANT. TO PRESIDENT The KSL String Orchestra, under

sugar flower adornments of unbelievthe direction of Gene Halliday, was able realism, was the work of art of presentation to the President of a supplemented by the singing of AnChef Hans Bendl of the Hotel Utah beautifully handfashioned copper nette Dinwoodey and Virginia staff. The unusual decorations carchest ( the work of the Utah Copper Barker. Harold H. Bennett, Earl

ried a theme of progress from 1856 Company), filled with a thousand J. Glade, and Tracy Y. Cannon constituted the Music Committee.to 1 938—and did it well. A printed new silver dollars for the President's

souvenir program, prized and much disposal in any work of charity or in demand during and since the banbenevolence he chooses. Then folHpYPiCAL excerpts from the tributes

quet, was also a feature. The verse, lowed the response from the guest of the evening are here quoted:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

TRIBUTE TO A LEADER John F. Fitzpatrick, publisher, Salt sounded the depths of spiritual humility and On previous occasions President Grant

to indebtedness heard.. God has me proclaim my

him, his associates, the wonderful orandLake TribuneTelegvam: hasgive mountedhim manytoyearsspiritualto come.heights.

It would be difficult anywhere else in the ganization of which he is now the preceptor world to draw together such a representa- D. D. Moffat, VicePresident and and stalwart guide, for their charactertive group as a result of the leadership of General Manager, Utah Copper molding examples.

is single individual. here Represented after a arrival in Utah, Shortly my first a Company:

civic, recross-section of the business, and deeply imago, about I became 43 years pleased throughNothing has more you life ligious state to to a honor of a pay fellowtenets man pressed of good by the fine... the out to help your life than needy. fields. in of these each a leader been fair dealing ship, righteous purpose,who has and

silver give to carry your on you Utah is presence beautiful We here inin a sincere, the Your practices evidenced teachings and inwill unselfish give work... This you his friends. tribute are All to him. institutions the over herent in which this

creased power and opportunity to express reverend and exalted guest of honor presides.

George M. Gadsby, President and your generosity. These early observances, respecting conrights sideration welfare of and and human General Manager, Utah Power & evening's the of procedure Dart

life probthe in of rectitude dealing with Light Co.: to of the reading devoted was inof contributed of lems mankind, much

imto here has are honor a man who We attribgreetings unthose spiration from with toward whatever were who me full life the richness the of pressed a on I straight thinking utes of possess may now to in attendance. Limited able be for exerted an influence has andcommunity dealing. honest considerately and this feanecessarily time shortened all integrity for the influence good, an and tribute in joining privilege of Thus my

life. finer things in the of those but ture program, among this I is manifold. President to Grant do

for from: respect admiration read with high deep messages were and Hon. John M. Wallace, Mayor of

character, profound with person and City, his of A. Harriman York New W. Salt City: Lake for leads, great the he cause reverence and Pacific the of of Board the Union Chairman

This occasion belongs neither to today Railroad Company; Ralph Budd, Chicago, with utmost esteem for his fine citizenship

nor this year, but to the long years to come President and Board Chairman of the Chias demonstrated by his conduct, which afthat will be enriched by the good deeds of cago, Burlington & Quincy Railroad Comfects all of us, in public relationships.

President Grant. pany; Alfred L. Aiken, New York Citv, May the Great Giver of all good afford

Hon. Henry H. Blood, Governor Company;President ofHenrythe NewC. Link,YorkNewLifeYorkInsuranceCity, sparehim continuinghim for prolongedhealth andusefulnesshappiness,to andhuof Utah: of the Psychological Service Center; Merle mankind, as it now prevails, not only in his

He is a citizen, business man, and civic Thorpe, Washington, D. C, Editor of Nahome region, but throughout the civilized

leader with the courage and vision to strive tion's Business; General Charles G. Dawes, world.

true. his until theunceasingly of Vicepresident dreams former come He Chicago, it was that a man was And thus

is is vision financier; face always States with whose George and United a man friends. by his rising progress. of of honored the sunturned former justice toward Sutherland, Washington,

... Where there is no vision, the people the supreme court of the United States;

perish... You have said that age is a General Frank T. Hines, Washington, Vetquality of mind, so we do not salute your erans'Bureau Administrator; Dr. Herman WANT

age as much as we acclaim the spirit of L. Kretschmer, Chicago; William M. Jeffers,

you. that is in RailPacific youth of the President Union Omaha, Posture? Peifect F. Allentown, Dicke, H. Company;

P. Frederick Champ, Chairman road of the Valley Lehigh TranPresident WAIST Penn., The TEE GEE GARTER

of the Board of Trustees, Utah State sit Company; Bernard M. Culver, New for GIRLS and BOYS

executive; S. City, insurance RoseYorkAgricultural College: W. perfect Aids crans, the of President Angeles Los Chamthe pride recount of with can comfortable Utah We of L. formerly B. ber Hampton, Commerce; sid positions, fields guest in ourvarious which manifold

District Salt City, of garters Lake Manager tening now back... himself. to * manifest continues andhas

shou* in elastic at Portland, of Oregon; Crane Company the to contributions notable has madeHe to 12, Sizes 2 Salt City, of formerly Beason, Ross Lake life this country. industrial of andeconomic S. in paid U. financier, telegraphed City York who New of inspiring. example be can what.His is an Canada F. Florida; Sarasota, Taggart, from M. devotion hard andaccomplished work by Only Indiana; Carlton, Bend, South Newcomb ideals.to high

City; S. City: Inch, R. York York New New

Bishop D. G. Hunt of the Catholic Carl R. Gray, New York City, Vice Chairdiocese of Utah: man of the Board of the Union Pacific RailElsey, Charles road Company; San

I have found you and your people to be FranALSO cisco, Pacific President of the Western

I this neighbors. wonderfulvery say S. beRailroad Louis recomCompany; Cates, New Doctors

it tribute the of Catholic is acause we City, of President PhelpsDodge York TEE mend the is this feel oc- a is due andChurch happy Corporation.casion to say so. GEE MATERColonel Jackling, President D. C. AdWAIST. NITY GARTER young businessLane W. Adams, of wired size, the Utah Company, Copper to justable comany of Salt Lake City:man greetings congratulations from and fortable, cool, balanced,

life of varied and He is a man spiritual Omaha, Nebraska, as follows: sidefastening back garters, religious his injectedleadership has and

philosophy into his business life, in which Seldom, if ever before in my lifetime, elastic in shoulders.

he has practiced the great principle of the have I experienced such grave disappointPrepaid in U. S. and Canada

fact, in to real sorrow life Grant's Rule.Golden ment—amounting, $2.00.... only TEE GEE in as being prevented by now befalls me to every influence. givenPresident courage have..and garter the only are garments causes control joining beyond from my after him. comesyoung man who

President Grant's associates and friends in waists actually giving balhis to of him honor on the occasion postureperfecting a n c e d President birthday. J. Reuben Clark. Jr., of eightyseconddoing stocking support from thethe First Presidency: rare It has privilege a been with to me, as

He stands today, like the great mountain countless others, to know this upright, shoulders. Specify TEE GEE

which has resisted the chiselers of nature, kindly man; to observe the exemplification at your dealer's, or send

all the dross and refuse washed away and of his high principles as patriotic citizen check or moneyorder to the enduring elements of his nature stand and as counselor and leader in the great is clouds. the spiritual,serene social, causes a man economic and among He in TEE CO. GEE GARMENT it is that effectivelythat he has can ardently been..a so a privilege to know, which and man 17th N.E.—Seattle, Wash. Room C—5029

.. lives rarely. for into has our well half century.come engaged beyond a He S. Patent U. 2,078,972 No.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

THE NATIVE BLOOD (Continued from page 19) it restored all the honor his rival The outraged blood of Husteele gay take his place a day with the had tried to claim. would condescend to no further

sheep. answer, and the boy reclined sulsheepskin. lenly on his hunt, of the the morning havOn Xvestored again to her hising or private purposes and never Serving attempted said a word

any arrangement with the real favor more surely than if she had his private fears, but also modified told in words, he went him so of his mildness his policy on in by the the of the mares, owner old man the mild but in none tones more rethe noloki, motherly old man the black on followed rode away by the medicine man's son on the less positive, "Your father will frained from the punishment he was nor black horse see the never sent give. to his furious sat bay. in there Begay great He simply up

till track again he gives me my off, compelling dignity to the sheep, least at Peejo back rode as he he seemed so to the little girl, and she sheep and my horses."him more often to care for them was She was still startled—there Eltalone. and followed Begay admiring him with eyes. And

in it dreadful and him, with he fixed unceesie Peejo, too, often his and were them something eyes on started failing, the sheep but had silence. in bully the as to endure they had the rise mounted towards turned a sandwash and he spirit invincible of the the to All mesa, same the the least but not with addown

miration. He was left with the run after them. championship in his heart swore sithe sun returned while Yoinsnez this lently score fervently that but sheep, a while work, woman's they

west, in the he still high and was to the his evened father's sometime be choicerode would horses! The due Blackhorse troubled. was last degree.hot in his blood throbbed temples as was

his band, there to with been have it. of thoughthe tempted was He Blackhorse more had had When trace them, no with not but he was to the get white follow mare and to to his return Yoinsnez band, time scattered his following of him, was

still, better maybe, to hunt. hopefully another on wentthem—or to leader ridge with a no dry onleave the country. black mare, the again he rode And direct course the or the alarm sound old The been had compelled man the the carrying followed bay by little flight. sheptheir the of Then for the safety flock of the to recogwhile son, Peejo medicine man's and told never he would him herdess thatnize Peejo able to tend not was shepherdess the them watched till his track he the see horse nor alone,them and however he trail much mesa. the the towards mount horses. Peejo's and restored sheep

it, disliked have sent he themay first just ominous an he At was quickly deepened furrows The toshepherdess help him. found She silent, cloud, dark and and when he his sloping as across brow inPeejo sullen a humor. was He to at length spoke, he he seemed threateningly. he frowned When atangry not father only her and Belet his bite go. as he them words of account what the got wholegay, also at fickle but for the her

"I declared robbed,"been have he said, Husteele's was he son had of her preference.change

I bitterly, a disturbed. been "and have also furious, made but he was "See hand over there?"away my slave!"the to called the hogan, boy He pouted,he indicating big the "Mit-

I find not did say would you his to told at big look her "Why Heten,"regarding and her steadily from under his straight brows, "It the black horse's track today?"he hand raised away over there on the

his teeth long muddy furious giving comwasis in raised horizon—it says your demanded, anger—it in dust. riding the from to mists desert to the hide mand shallfather not Blackeven see

it is true,""I said came it because his track Blackhorse her and fromhorse."

They stopped on a hill above the the dogged answer, "you didn't find father. "He will see nothing but

sheep. them,"and he eyed the old man hateful mirage,"the boy declared

"Your father will not even see so steadily from under his straight emphatically, "and he will hear brows. the but nothing mocking wind of as the track the blackmuch

I will never say did you will the across "Why mesa. back come He inhorse today!"he vengeful swore

till all the I give see you Blackhorse discouraged. again I know. Youexultation, his firm closed jaw and

with a pronounced emphasis. sheep and horses you want to see if I don't know."

that? say do you "Why How risingclaim?"inhehispursuedbloodshotseverely,eyes, "Whatthe fire culiarHe closedthreateninghis jaw emphasiswith that andpeasked,do she you know?"opening

her innocent black eyes in astondo you know about it? You delooked at her from under his

ishment. "You don't know he won't clared to me at the first that you straight brows with a steadiness

see the track."knew nothing."that compelled her to believe all he

"I do know!"he insisted, "That Stung by the veiled accusation said.

big hand says so,"and he eyed her that he was claiming more than his Again she told her father when unblinkingly from under his level own, the boy straightened up stoiche came home early as predicted, brows, "Your father will come back ally, "Watch and see whether I and again the old man was angry, early and tell us Blackhorse is not know anything about it,"he counmore so than before, and more there."tered, closing his square jaw with alarmed. He called for the boy to

"You'll see,"he added after a emphasis. give an accounting, and his long

long pause, and his fiery eyes and The old man studied him in teeth between his parted lips meant square face showed a commanding astonishment and alarm, "Ingrate!"something violent and unusual

wrath and resolution she had never he broke out, after a troubled pause. would happen. Husteele's son was

seen there before. More than that, "What kind of witchery are you mocking at his kindness with some

his looks betrayed possession of trying to practice against me? Who dark treachery, and he would be

some mysterious knowledge which took you from among the dead and forced to confess everything.

he had will power to withhold, and nursed you to health?"(To be Continued)

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939 uO Frabjous Day"rmVffjvjJAVffJwuwJAmJWVSttM.vsvjwvtJ,JVffffffff

{Continued from page 15)

and be quick about it!"Mr. Beamish hissed, and Cuthbert, protesting

but obedient, modestly retired behind a convenient cupboard and removed the offending trousers, though he privately considered them far more decorative than his thin, hairy WITHshins.

luBBY, still smarting fromhis bout with the redoubtable Mr. CHEAP

Beamish, cast as his Nephew, and in whose acting even he could find no flaw, was mightily affronted whenhe saw said Nephew yank Marley's ELECTRICITY!

Ghost away at the precise moment he was due to appear. Consequently

he outScrooged Scrooge himself, finally ghostly the Marleywhen in. himselfclanked until UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. That is,

his eyes, straying from the ghastly features and clanking chain, wandered to the long sharp shins and knobby knees displayed beneath the winding sheet.

! The audience was puzzled thereWhen YOURafter, by a Scrooge who seemed sudgrief other or shakendenly some by Home Burns... his buried keptemotion, which head

in his hands and his voice curiously muffled. Overcome presently by its There's a certain amount of

onslaughts, which sounded strangely comfort to know that should like smothered snorts of laughter, fire destroy your home tonight

Scrooge jumped up and rushed wildthat you are covered by Fire ly behind the wings. Marley's Insurance.

dreary warning ceased abruptly and Such insurance will indemnify he gazed vacantly after the flying you for the loss incurred and coattails. allow you to rebuild your

Past Miss Norwood's reproachful home without financial hardface Tubby rushed and threw himship.

self, pellmell, a whitecovered upon NEWM. H. THOMPSONGRAND horrified It's worth a good deal to havebench. Norwood's Miss Managerexclamation coincided with the this protection in these times. AT,"OURTH SOUTHHOTEL'AND MAIN STREET

squashing sound of smashed food See our agent in your town.

and crunch of crockery. Simultaneously, Tubby was drenched in Let me do your IRONING just

vinegar sauce and currant jelly, with One Week! Signed—Fred Schoss

edibles here of othersmattering FIRE and UTAH HOME there. supreme. wreckage was The t Tronrrie

off your Takes you CO. INSURANCE scraped sopped and TubbyWhile

free for demonfeet. Ask

vinegar sauce from his person, the HEBER J. GRANT & CO. stration.

indignant Cratchits, including Tiny General Agents a SCHOSSREAD ELECTRIC COJ

Tim, gathered up the scattered re22 South Main Street OGDEN TBEMONTON mains of the Christmas feast. At Salt Lake City, Utah

this inauspicious moment came Miss call frantic for Scrooge.Norwood's ATTEND

Harold, come on! The J "Come on,

Spirit of Christmas Past is waiting!"Provo School of Beauty Culture

The School Where the Promise is Kept.. 11 East 1st No., Provo, Utah "I can't,"croaked Tubby, in an WE OFFER

agonized whisper, "I'm still dripping A COMPLETE A Life's income for a meager investment

SERVICE ENGRAVING sauce!"pudding lor further Portraits to the Missionary From Largest Fill in couponinformation or Catalogues gazed about wildMiss Norwood Phone No. 2 Mail Attention Orders Prompt Given ly. "O, what can we do? O, how CO. ENGRAVING UTAHawful! Come, Cuthbert, you'll have 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

(Continued on page 58) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939 "O FRABJOUS DAY it

(Continued from page 57) ceeded in having the curtain a job of glaring, as would strike to be Scrooge this time! Please, dropped. But when she was free to envy to the heart of a seasoned vilcome on!"deal with him she was unable to find lain.

Poor dazed Cuthbert found himCuthbert. For Cuthbert had felt The curtain descended quickly on

self being pushed onto the stage suddenly, an urgent desire to be this moving tableau and the audience from which he had just gladly essomewhere else, immediately. When howled with merriment. Slapstick

caped. As he passed Miss Northe last, incredible words of the Jabcomedy finds a warm welcome with

wood, she clutched frantically at his berwocky had left his startled lips, a large per cent of humanity and shroud. his next impulse was to be safely at here was low comedy at its lowest.

"Take that thing off! Take it home. He longed for his own room, Brought out this cold winter night

off!"she hissed forcefully. with the light turned off and his by the various urges of family or

Cuthbert clutched it just as franhead under the pillow. An ache for school loyalty, hoping for the best,

tically to his person; he had not forsolitude possessed him. If he never but prepared for an evening of margotten his missing trousers if she saw any of his dear friends and tyred boredom, they were, for the

had. "Not a chance!"he gritted, classmates again, it would still be time being, mightily diverted at the

hoarsely and clanked on, to be contoo soon. So with a furtive glance turn the play had taken; though later

fronted, not by the original Spirit of about, he slipped out the back door there was to be much headshaking to as the probable silently speculation stole away. Silently, and and Spirit Christmas was Past—that

still clanking as for his fate Cuthbert except of such boys and that is, the in evening spending in bed chains, which he had been unable, Tubby. swollen solitude—but by the ubiquitous Mr. Beamish. Mr. Beamish so far, to unfasten from his wrist. While the hilarity was at its wildwas no less taken aback to be met Thus he missed the scene which a est, Miss Norwood, very pink as to

by Marley's shrouded ghost when few minutes later put Tubby in his eyes and nose, stepped out and he had expected Scrooge. It was own felonious class. rapped for sufficient order to make

disconcerting, but he was gifted with the announcement that "owing to more presence of mind than CuthJMr. Beamish, trembling unforeseen circumstances"the play

bert. with rage at Cuthbert's unheard of could not be finished and the aud-

"I am the Spirit of Christmas affront, refused point blank to apience was dismissed. Into the enPast!"he intoned deeply, and after pear on the stage again. Presently, suing hubbub, came hurtling a

a pause which Cuthbert made no efhowever, he succumed to Miss Norblack bomb on a blast of icy air, as fort to fill, he amplified, "Of Christwood's tearful pleas and hastily the street door was burst violently mases long past!"Still Cuthbert stuck on the long, redtipped putty open and a colored boy threw himstood as one petrified. Mr. Beamnose, he had gaily modelled in a hapself into the hall, shouting wildly,

ish's smile became a bit stiff. "Say pier hour. It was to be the point of "A ghos', a ghos'! Ghos's is walksomething,"he muttered, out of the distinction between the seedy Bob, in'! I saw it wif my own eyes! I

corner of his mouth, "Say someand gay young Nephew. It sat saw it! Seven feet tall, it was, a-

thing!"strangely in the expanse of his runnin'and a-rattlin'chains!"His

"What?", whispered Cuthbert, round, beaming face and Tubby anguished tones were lost in the

vacantly. He had never learned stood transfixed when the humble general tumult, as the throng rushed

Scrooge's speeches, being one who fellow sidled onto the stage to imout in quest of new thrills.

had his hands full with his own, and plore him pitifully for a Christmas Poor Cuthbert reached the haven now he felt himself deprived of even holiday with his family. It was not of his own room just in time, for

his usual modest resources. the ludicrous appearance of the nose it had suddenly occurred to some-

"Anything!"insisted Mr. Beamthat struck Tubby, so much as the one who the ghost must be, and a

ish, and even to Cuthbert's numbed fact that it trembled violently at crowd of yelling boys had struck senses the smile on the Spirit's round Cratchit's every movement. Before down the street to catch him if posface seemed thinly spread over a his fascinated eyes, it parted comsible and prolong the joke. He lay

fastmounting rage. Frantically, he pany with the left side of Mr. Beamin his room at home steeped in an

cudgelled his brain. He must say ish's face entirely, and hung, quivagony of remorse as the receding

something, something, anything at ering to the right as he indignantly shouts died away. For suddenly all

all. He must forget the audience repeated his cue. his personal humiliation was forgotand say something to Mr. Beamish. There, it was certainly going to ten in the realization of how the

Mr. Beamish looked mad. Say fall! With desperate and unthinkteachers must feel at this fiasco. Poor

something quick to Mr. Beamish. ing haste, Tubby reached up to press Miss Norwood, how horribly they

Beamish, a funny name. Beamish it more firmly onto Mr. Beamish's had wrecked her kind plans! And

tried so hard! hadboy. static that That's feature, before what Tubby muchshe said, more And—yes, Beamish! was really poor Mr. He quick somethingBeamish tried boy. Say suffer the crownactor should

to the Beamish boy! And suddenly, ing calamity of losing his nose; but a good guy after all! He had only

to his own, as much as to everyone the disillusioned gentleman misunbeen trying to help the class out, and else's amazement, Cuthbert's voice derstood the gesture. At Tubby's it wasn't his fault he had such a

rang out, loud and clear: touch, he drew back haughtily, but funny name!

And hast thou slain the Jabberwock? not until Tubby had grasped the Cuthbert sprang up and pounded

Come to my arms, my beamish boy! nose and stood looking very foolish, his pillow, viciously. Why, the

frabjous Callooh, day! O, callay! indeed, with the misshapen thing in whole thing was Tubby's fault! chortled in his joy! He his hand. Mr. Beamish, in spite of Tubby never had his heart in the

Amid shouts, whoops and catthe flecks of putty here and there on play. And if he hadn't gone and

calls, Miss Norwood presently suchis own original nose, did so deadly got all jealoused up over Mr. Beam58

uO Frabjous Day"ish, he would never have reminded FOR FAST in verse silly old that of Cuthbert OILPLATE STARTING it lodged wouldn't have Alice, and in his subconscious—he'd heard Last night when your car went to bed,

Professor Norris describe it all in did all the oil drain down, leaving the he would Psychology class—and the morning working parts dry-—and he it out never when have spouted with Constart doubtful? No, not

got stage fright and could not think. oco Germ Processed oil keeping the

He dropped off to sleep, finally, engine OILPLATED. The Germ

resolving to be such a model student Process bonds oil to metal like a platin Natural History and English ing. Platings don't drain down!

classes (poor hopeful Cuthbert!)

that it would atone for the whole That's why your OILPLATED ensorry business. "And if I ever get gine is safely sliding—easing the mixed up in another of Tubby's love starter—before any oil that depends

affairs,"he muttered, drowsily, "I on freeflow alone could come climbhope somebody—I hope—I—ing up. So starting wear is out, along

with starting delay. And your Germ

-Liny Tim, dozing on a Processed oil stays close to "Full"property trunk, was awakened by weeks longer. Change today, at

the commotion of the departing your Mileage Merchant's. Continaudience. He sat up and stared ental Oil Co.

about in dismay. All around him,

wouldbe actors were gathering up belongings in disgruntled silence. CONOCO GERM

He dashed out onto the stage. Why, the people were all leaving! His PROCESSED OIL

lips began to quiver. He had borne

the destruction of the Cratchit's

Christmas dinner fairly well, but now they were all going before he had said his speech! He had stayed

out of bed long past his usual bedawake—or cXt#2. Jtd Qtdu SmL... power, nearly time andawake—bykept himselfsheer will

and now he had no intention of beThis theme for the 18th Annual Leadership Week characterizes the ing cheated out of his Big Moment. message of the five glorious days which await you this month at Brigham

Swiftly he ran to the front of the Young University. Inspirational talks by Church and civic leaders, stimustage, and standing on tiptoe, lating department sessions, and cultural entertainments combine to make

stretched out his little arms toward this week a notable event for the entire Church.

the oblivious, departing backs, "God "Life at Its Best", too, is found in the rich educational opportunities bless us every one!"cried Tiny Tim, given the year 'round at the Church university. Courses are more numerimploringly. ous and varied, cultural attractions more valuable than ever before.

"Amen!"murmured Mr. Beamish,

reverently, from the wings, and into gathering Miss Norwood his LEADERSHIP WEEK JANUARY 2327 tearkissed her he tenderlyarms, against relaxed face.stained She WINTER QUARTER JANUARY 3—MARCH 17 instant, for with a his shoulder an

heartfelt sigh. It was the end of

a perfectly awful day, but—the end BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY not so bad!was

PROVO, UTAH HOTEL LANKERSHIM nil * 8 ROADWAY AMERICAN SMELTING & REFINING CO.

LOS ANGELES 'TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE'Seventh Floor McCornick Building SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

Purchasers of ENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW Gold, Silver, Lead and Copper Ore $25. Discount on a Complete Address correspondence and Smelter Products

COURSE A StateINAccreditedBEAUTY SchoolCULTURE as follows: Consign all ore shipments to:

American Smelting American Smelting and Refining Company

Ogden School of Beauty Culture & Refining Co. Ship Lead Ores to Murray Plant, Murray, Utah

Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN, UTAH 700 McCornick Ship Copper and Siliceous Ores to Garfield Plant,

Same Building Garfield, Utah

Address City State THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

PORTRAIT OF A YOUNG MAN (Continued from page 13) I ever wrote for publication, and it ance that I received from my brethAfter dinner spent an hour or two was not of sufficient interest to pubren and the support of the people is at the office. Took the 3:40 train lish and I should never have thought something that I will always refor Woods Cross. Called on my of handing it in for publication had member with feelings of pleasure as

sisters Mrs. Marshall and Mrs. I not been requested to do so. well as gratitude. There is a pleasMuir and on Aunt Susan Grant. "Wife and I attended the theatre. ure which a person has when looking

life Lewis, missionary over and back Hyrum, and exMet Square Madison Frank The Company the that six o'clock periences before is almostGrant. beyond A little pleas- 'Hazel Kirke'played in a most

I started for home on my horse Dan, ing manner."person's power to explain.

... I feel somewhat tired this eve- "I do not think that among any

little over two weeks later Faother people but Saints that a youngning, having traveled since 3 p. m. A

yesterday 40 miles by team, 1 miles ther was called to be an Apostle man could have had the same exhorseback and 139 by rail. while he was still under twentysix perience as I had in Tooele. Look-

"Am much pleased to be home years of age. Thus his work as a ing at things naturally the people

later entry should have been disgusted at havagain* with my family. Have enstake president ended. A

joyed the trip to Oakley very much, in his journal expresses his feelings ing a young man called to preside feel that our visit was greatly appreregarding the people with whom he over them who could only talk from ciated. They were very hospitable had been so closely associated for five to eight minutes; instead of beand kind and our party were entertwo years: ing disgusted they endeavored to

tained as well as could possibly be "I hope when I get through my help me out by being as faithful as asked."labors as an Apostle that I shall have possible. There were exceptions to

"Saturday, September 30th, 1882: as much pleasure in looking back this rule, but I am glad to say that

I spent the day at the office, I wrote over the same, as I do when recallthey wetfe few and far between.

up an account of our Idaho trip for ing my labors for the past two years The people of Tooele County will althe Deseret News. Should not have in Tooele. Not that I have a great ways have a warm place in my afdone so had not Brother Lyman redeal to be thankful for or praise for fections; especially will this be the

quested me to write said account. my own labors, but the kindness case with the brethren with whom I

This letter is the first and only thing and respect and the aid and assistwas most closely associated."

THE POWER TO ACHIEVE

( Continued from page 11) Saving Makes Us Valuegrease-covered overalls. On the

Suggestion: Conscious floor of the locker were the father's

This is January, a month of beshoes, in the soles of which were

YVThen we earn and save, we large holes covered on the inside byginnings. Let's each of us set up a

definite savings program, 'with a gradually come to know values improvised inner soles rudely cut presifrom cardboard. As the boy stoopspecific objective, to be reached one better. A noted university

year hence, January, 1940. dent recently inquired at a men's ed to pick the shoes up, his eyes

shop the price of a belt. "$2.50,"dimmed and for the first time he

As a rule, in settling our said the clerk. "Why, that,"rerealized the sacrifice the father had

debts, we pay everyone but the sponded the president, "is the price made that his son might go to high

Lord and ourselves. If we will of five bushels of wheat."school.

but tithe our earnings, and then Now, even urban folk know that Experiences of this sort are set aside a comparable amount it takes a lot of energy, besides that freighted with significance when it for savings to be held inviolate of the sunshine and moisture, to sow, comes to building appreciation of for ourselves against a future raise, and harvest five bushels of money and its power.

need, and make the remaining wheat; therefore, the belt, when

80% meet our obligations, in purchased, was truly appreciated. While the Sales Tax has its

honor, we shall be definitely on If boys and girls, when buying annoying aspects, this good the way to a new power in our the things youngsters like, will just thing can be said about it: it

personal affairs. pause a moment to recall how hard has taught us all how much that money was to earn, they will money a penny really is—espeSaving has a way of building develop a fine ability to appraise cially in those states where mills

cumulatively, and its compensations, values. One valueconscious youngare in use.

once momentum is attained, are so ster, in treating a group of friends, varied as to be incredible. Chief of recently said: "Well, here goes the Most of us had never seen the

these is the attaining of a position interest on a dollar for ten yeafs."equivalent of a mill before the adof creditsolidarity among our felThat says it graphically. At \ x/i% vent of the tax; in fact, we hardly

lows. That is priceless! per annum it takes a dollar a long knew there was such a thing. And

The gaining of the first nucleus time to earn a silver quarter. to think that a penny is ten of them!

is the real struggle—the first $100 On the death of his father, a high These foregoing suggestions are

or $500 or $1000—after that the acschool boy was sent to the factory not to be construed as a curb on

crued power one has already atto bring home his father's work buying at its best, for that we must tained makes the way toward the clothes. In the locker, the youngster have and plenty of it. It is the apfuture easier. found the soiled shirt, and the worn, preciation of a keener sense of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

THE POWER TO ACHIEVE values that we are trying to stimuAt the time of the war, he went into L. D. S. Training Pays!

late. the air service where he acquitted

himself with great honor, and for

Power Through Attitude and the last decade or so has been flying Interest the Western Air Express transports INVEST THE the on northern route Salt from Lake (Certainly of forms some are work is City. of the one highly He most * not called might interwhat be skilled pilots in America. He YEAR IN is NEW esting. this condition However, can also a officer reserve in the United

if, largely be counteracted, in conStates Air trainCorps. Army His

it templating the job offers, and what ing, therefore, for his executive new BUSINESS the interested. be can mind

is assignment, ideal. versatility His

Socalled prosaic that work, like and resourcefulness have made his of routines, monotonous can be services very valuable. TRAINING... boresome, in boresomeness, aland

most no time, will bring about disMathematics of Versatility content and fatigue. Just the same,

if of it part make we our work strike attitude to D'|R.day,Pitkinaccordinghas suggestedto the thatmatheto- active an of interest,

as for instance, in ways to improve matic theory of probability, twothe methods used, or to achieve an skill, threeskill, and fourskill men excellence never before attained, will arrive much sooner than onethat very work, instead of being skill men. Their chances pile up in

boresome, will actually become geometric progression. For instance,

stimulating it will energize, instead a threeskill man has seven times of enervate! the chances of locating work that a

Edison proved this; so did Burone-skill man has. A fourskill man

bank. The late Jesse Knight demis at least fifteen times better off in

onstrated this when he prospected finding work than a oneskill man.

for years before he hit upon his now Versatility, therefore, means adfamous Humbug mine, from which ditional power to achieve because it more than ten million dollars is said enhances the number of opportunito have been taken before his death. ties to be of service.

the -drive short, ofAlways intensive a tremendous Our courses there Today, alhas comeinterest there rehim, was to prod will qualify positions you for reverence a most work. for Emgardless of drilling, the of monotony that offer it is unlimited possibiliployment, as in known comblasting, mucking. and

is industry, merce and scarce so ties for advancement.

that those letters W-O-R-K, then, in building to So power in this arranged sequence, alto There is work achieve, especially in the fields do—and to most seem quality a have of trained work, manual realize are and must men of we women sanctity. Versatility generally

how utterly vital are one's attimeans work. given first consideration!

tude toward and interest in the work immediately at hand. The The Trades to the Front

query, therefore, is not so much whether the work is interesting, Tn the days ahead, the trades are J j. JL/. 15.

as it is whether the mind is incoming to their own. Skilled

terested. craftsmanship will undoubtedly be

well paid and, it is hoped, the hoursPower Through One's Vocation of service will be fair to all. BUSINESS

The crafts will be respected very of trying days jobhunting these N as much the professions are today.I

it is workfinding, and not enough certainly This is be. COLLEGE as it should

to know how to do one thing inimitSurely the work of the truly skilled 70 North Main Street ably well. One must also be acbaker or auto mechanic, each of

quainted with several kinds of work whom has served an adequate apSalt Lake City, Utah activity. Especially should we all prenticeship, is not far removed, in

learn to do some things well with significance, from that of profesour hands. In the days ahead, a sional men. L. D. S. Business College

real premium will be paid young men Young men should, therefore, Salt Lake City, Utahwho acquire important manual start to now Please send information meskills. in ships the physical get intosciences—maapprentice- about courses, your rates of tuithe For example: press chine radio work, and cabinet making, archition, employment service, etc.recently carried ele- a notice tecture, of the bridgebuilding, highway

vation of T. Elsmore to a poconstruction, Ray steel construction, conName:...

sition of executive responsibility tracting, automobile and airplane with the Western Air Express. Mr. construction, etc. Address:

Elsmore is a lawyer by profession. (Concluded on page 63)

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

Solution to December Puzzle Scriptural Crossword PuzzleLent to the Lord (I Sam. 1: 27; 28)

ACROSS

1 Through faith Abraham almost 35 "My heart rejoiceth.. the

Lord"... 7 across; a ram took his nd place came to pass in... days"36 "it

7 His son Jacob deceived him 37 "and the... were not expired"

11 "Samuel arose... went to Eli"38 "then he shall... his head"

12 "he shall be lent to... Lord"40 "And he worshipped the Lord

13 "neither was the... of the our Lord yet revealed unto him"41 "but her voice... not heard"

14 Part of the Bible 42 "it is... good report that I

15 State; note hear"

16 "I did but taste a little honey,"44 Lot lived here Gen. 19: 23

said Jonathan, "and,..., I 45 Indian millet; raid (anag.).

.. must die"47 "Wherefore the... of the young ras 17 River in Europe men was very great"

18 "smooth stones out... the 48 'O Lord,... thou my lips"

feared to shew Eli 50 'Samuel brook"Preserve in bound volthe..."20 "and... ark of God is taken"

umes the vast amount of 21 "That the... called Samuel"52 'The Lord... thee, and keep

thee"Eli can be seen in this deception 22 valuable reading in your 53 'The 24 Mother... God is thy refuge"

Era. 26 "Now Eli... very old"

Handsome, durable cloth 2732 Autocrat;"my soul wasRoman...cotin (anag.)thine eyes"Our18,Text20, from21, 26,Samuel27, 35,is 11,36, 12,37, 40,13,

binding, stamped in gold, 34 King of Israel 1 Kings 16: 23 41, 42, 48, and 50 combined

$2.00 per volume. DOWN

l 'there came a. of God unto 27 "for I have not... them."

SPECIAL PRICES FOR Eli"28 "... it, even to the foundation

thereof"... our hands"TEN OR MORE 23 Northwestern"he will give you4 down 29 Containing VOLUMES 4 "the last... of that man is 30 Grandson ofiodineEsau; roam (anag.)

worse than the first"31 The needlebush (Australia) 5 Expression Middle of inquiry 32

Burn BRING THEM IN NOW 6 Erase 33 7 Isle of Wight 38 "descended in a bodily..."

8 Passable 39 "I will... up against you a

9 The sandarac tree; on the way to nation"

Ararat 40 "if thou lift up thy... upon it,The Deseret 10 Babylonian god; repeated notice thou hast polluted it"

19 Cake with special filling 41 The Bible is "Holy..."

21 Resinous substance 42 Feminine name News Press 23 Certain lines on the earth's sur43 "And the child Samuel grew..."

29 Richards Street face; tie horses (anag.) 46 Salutation

24 "with what measure ye..."47 "he had a..., whose name was

Salt Lake City, Utah 25 Egyptian goddess Saul"26 David... when he fought Go49 Canadian province

liath with a sling and stones 51 A Benjamite 1 Chron. 7: 12

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1939

is spiritual mental; a power but and THE POWER TO ACHIEVE to directly of it also good deal has

( Concluded from page 6 1 Our youths will do well to look do with business affairs.

When a young man becomes truly carefully into the opportunities afThe hour has struck for the youth skilled in a craft, he has an acquisiforded by agriculture. When the of the Church to realize this and to

tion that is priceless, and he forthproblem of crop distribution has been go out, in honor, to earn and claim with becomes a power to be reckoned happily disposed of, farmers should their own!

into their poultryown. with. come The to Great us Executive wants The

can't done it; why men have things properly the the want not /or

divisions industry? other of the Property Power Through love property themand of money time to the be devoted must Ownership Much the that can good for selves—but of marketing. study with them be done by power, men of should enyouth be Mormon fUR also our Again, youth farm must actuated loftiest Christian by the of in possible every couraged way the of propadevelopment watch motives. to of real property. owners become It is chemicals. gating crops with

The financial companies may well in the laboratory stage now, but one The challenge is here! May our

it! afford to encourage our young men of these days, out it will come! youth prove worthy of

into property ownership with all of There is no more admirable figure the liberality compatible with good in American life than a successful business. This goes not only for farmer. Right there opportunity the ownership of the home, but also beckons to real men who want to> be BE INDEPENDENT

for that of business property. Real near the earth and who want to serve No Other Vocation So Profitable

estate bought at a fair price provides as the true builders of our commonENROLL NOW an incomparable anchorage. Our wealth. For a Complete Course at the

young men should want to own properties and do everything in their Summary Quish School of Beauty Culture power honorably to acquire them. The Best in the West

"Ror years our Church leadership 3S6340 S. MaiH, American Blag.,

Power Through the Creation has importuned us of the PriestSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH of Work hood to realize the power that is For Further Information actually and potentially ours. They * or Catalog Call

initiative, his or through 7560 who, Wasatch A MAN shine"us "to urged have rise and -'V Fill in This vision, enterprise, courage and capitalize that for and to power Coupon r< Tie builds a factory in which manugood.

factures a quality product that soObviously, much of this great ciety needs and in this process makes agreeable work opportunities for men and women, has done a noble thing. His effort is just as

important and vital as that of almost (anyone in the community. A fac1939 GAS APPLIANCES

tory that is properly operated and performing a great public service sidedeserves to stand by side in offer you happier years school, the and, in withimportance some respects, with the Church.

Every reasonable thing that can Years are made up of days—and... gas waterheaters that supply

be done to foster such enterprise days are full of pleasant living, all the hot water you need, autoshould be forthcoming. Our peocomfort and convenience in homes matically and most economically

ple have long excelled in the pro-... gas furnaces that keep "June

fessions of medicine, dentistry, law, using modern Natural Gas service. in January"in your home.

teaching, and finance. They should Gas ranges that do almost everygiven every inducement benow to thing hut mix the recipes... gas Comeof Gasin appliancesand see thethatlatestdo modelsthe 4 leadership forqualify in commerce

and industry. Therein lies real refrigerators that are permanently big jobs... cooking, refrigeration,

power. Our own home folk should silent, and more beautiful than ever waterheating, househeating.

prepare for this leadership. It requires preparation, vision, courage, CONVENIENT PURCHASE TERMS

and capital, all of which we have or can secure. k

Power Through Agriculture MOUNTAIN FUELiUPPLY COMPANY "VTothing would help our commonwealth more than a well in36 So. State Salt Lake City

trenched, prosperous farming industry. Combined with animal husServing Twentyone Utah Communities

bandry and poultry, many intermountain farmers and ranchers have achieved a brilliant success.

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY Real is an adjective: That flower is real; Mary is a real girl.

Very is an adverb and as such is used to modify either an adjective or an adverb: We had a very pleasant time at the

party; The car was going very swifdy when the light changed.

Dear Brother:

LET me compliment you again upon the fine magazine which you are putting out each month.

(Signed) Harvey Fletcher, Director of Physical Research,

Bell Laboratories, New York.

wouldn't know how to keep house without the Era. It WEhas been a regular part of our home since we were

married twentyfour years ago.

Respectfully, "Fk? (Signed) John Thornton,

Box 586, Blackfoot, Idaho. The portly gentleman had bumped into the rather "lean and

FROM DUNEDIN hungry"FromCassius."the looks of you,"he said belligerently, "there must

16 Tennyson St. have been a famine."

Dunedin, New Zealand "And from the looks of you,"replied the lean one, "you're

August 26, 1938. the guy who caused it."

Brother: Dear

would like to assure you of the good work the Era is doing INFLUENCE

I in this end of the "Vineyard"(this is the city Admiral Father: "Aren't you glad now that you prayed for a baby

as used his during Byrd a base Pole Expedition), South and sister?"

his (after twin viewing Son baby sisters): "Yes; and express for appreciation our your good work and the way

I aren't glad did?"you I quit when that aiding are us in our you missionary work.

are utmost doing the in our in the to put homes Era We MR. SMITH POOR

place the of detective other magazines deteriorators and of can't retorted the see sharpfaced, sharpSmith,"Mr. "You

the mind. the political to tongued the canvasser door. at woman

in continued have success blessyou the your and May work I "But, merely wish party out he what to find Madam, ings is the of of the always in Lord brother the hope your to."belongs

Gospel. (Signed) Elder Del M. Beecher. belongs"Well,to."then, take a good look at me. I'm the party he

>- INFLATED 3 Nov. 1938 The weighing machine was out of order, but no notice to

Dortmund that effect had been posted. An unsuspecting fat lady clambBruckstr. 39/3 ered on and inserted a penny. Among the curious bystanders

Germany was an inebriated gentleman intently watching the dial. The

Dear Editor: scale registered seventyfive pounds. "My gosh,"he whispered

Enclosed you will find a snapshot taken in front of the hoarsely, "she's hollow."

It in Station Rotterdam, Holland. the shows Maas misALL FOR CHARITY of sionaries the reading Mission as they German the West Era

are waiting to meet their brethren who were arriving later. Maud: "I'm going to sell kisses at the Charity Bazaar tonight. Do you think a dollar apiece is too much to charge

for them?"Marie: "No, I think not. People expect to get cheated at

these charity affairs."

ANTEDATED Politician: "Don't forget, the Constitution was written

away back in the horse and buggy days."

Voter: "Yes, and don't forget, the Ten Commandments

aren't yet out of date, even though they were written back in the horse and chariot days."

HOSPITABLE SON Dad (giving Billy a lecture): "Now when I was your size,

Billy, I didn't have a big house like this to five in and I didn't have pretty clothes like yours to wear. Why I had to go to

without bed sometimes there because wasn't my supper any."READING "ERA"WEST THE GERMAN MISSIONARIES

Billy: ain't-cha living "Gee, glad you're Daddy, with us HOLLAND. IN ROTTERDAM, AT THE TIME THE

GERMAN MISSIONARIES WERE TRANSFERRED OUT now."

1938. OF TAKEN GERMANY, IN SEPTEMBER, BY THE BAIT H. HILTON, EUGENE OF THE SUPERVISING ELDER

RUHR DISTRICT, WEST GERMAN MISSION. The boss called the manager into the office one morning.

find,""I said, last "that he year's trading the since best was closer contact certainly the the appreciate and Era do We I I into the went business. hard know how much you work

at gives the ones loved us home. our with with Church and firm, in the have put and, as of esteem, a mark I have made

this the of in publication success years of wish you many itWe five out for a check dollars in hundred favor."your

fine magazine. his manager thanks. The beamed

Sincerely yours, "Yes."went on the boss, "and if next year's business is as

Eugene S. Hilton. good, I'll sign it."

L AGEANOTHER

Time turns another page as 1938 becomes 1939. For KSL, this

signalizes the end of one momentous year and the beginning of another.

As in each year since 1922, KSL prepares to meet your demands for more hours of jp worthwhile radio entertainment.

And as in every year past, this station pledges you the outstanding pleasure you expect from "The Voice of the West".

Day by day during 1939, keep tuned to KSL for music, drama, comedy, the progress of the world's news, and for KSL's newlyconceived programs contributing to your cultura advancement.

-. KSL Columbia's 50,000 Watt

Affiliate in Salt Lake City y

m

00*-"

.'.'..'..".:

...

will (fou, fifatit alone - - beaten, (rtoken and unprotected?

9S: sMi|cli|S

"Is your fiiiwnsn/insM isiiiiei BENEFICIAL Oi&PAJfY