i m

NOVEMBER. 1934

Refurn Postage Guaranteed Salt Lake City. Utah

KIN vs. rogress

The people of Utah must take keen satisfaction in the opportunity presented at this election of replacing* Wm. H. King in the U. S.

Senate.

For more than 22 years Kinghas sat in Congress content to do nothing but 'object"and talk.

In more than 300 roll call votes in the senate, King has disclosed his opposition and indifference to Progressive legislation for veterans, farmers, labor, and public works.

Posing as an aid to the President, Senator King either did not vote or voted against more than 60% of the

Roosevelt recovery measures. His mania for opposition

even led him to vote against appropriations which if defeated would have actually crippled the administration of the government.

In Contrast, the election of Don B. Colton means the

election of a progressive, able and courageous man.

He openly espouses the most progressive measures and is courageous enough to register his vote on the important questions which will confront the next congress.

IT'S TIME FOR A CHANGE!

(Paid Political Advertisement)

LITTLE BOY

Heber J. Grant, Editor BLUE,"Milton Marshallby Dr.

Harrison R, Merrill, Managing Editor THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elsie Talmage Brandley, Associate Editor Volume 37 NOVEMBER, 1934 Number 1

the Priesthood QuoOrgan of EDITORIALS Improvement Mutualrums, 672 J. Grant Heber President A. to Tribute W. IvinsAssociations Department and

J. 672 Grant Heber Charles to President Tribute H. Hart Education of 673 Merrill Harrison R. Indicted

the by monthly Published ARTICLES THE OF BOARDSGENERAL 643 Wells Cannon Annie Ivins Grant Rachel IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL

J. 643 Grant Heber to Tribute Mothers A r—ASSOCIATIONS Richards L. 644 Stephen Ivins President of In A. W. Memory

Ballard, Mgr. GeneralMelvin J. 649 Levi Edgar Young Charles President H. Hart Beesley, Associate A.Clarissa Mgr.

Claire Bayer 653 Stewart Fox Ruth B. Peterson, BusinessO. May Mgr.

Flanders Fields - Jean Mage 654

EDITORIAL ANDEXECUTIVE Merrill 657 H. R. to Letter Rex Beach Open An OFFICES 660 Read P. be Harmonized? Waldemer Science and Religion Can Street, Salt Lake 50 North Main 661 Baker Mildred Personality Let's City, About Utah Talk

664 Hinkhouse Mabel A. Younj American Great by the Copyright, Men's The Disease—Speeditis Association Improvement1932,Mutual Staff, 666 Y. U. B. Medical "Secret"Cancer Cure The

Jesus of Church Corporation of the 670 L. D. Snow, M. Saint Teaching Harold Latterday and Cancer Saints. All Latterday Christ of

rights reserved. Subscription price,

in 20c Single year, $3.00 advance; a FICTION Copy. 650 Robinson Dorothy Clapp Romance of Two Cities. A

Office, Salt at the Post Entered Jones 658 C. Ivan Thanksgiving Day of A secondclass as City, Utah, Lake Barber 662 K. Fred Circuit Broken at mailing for Acceptance matter.

special rate of postage provided for

October, in of 1103, section Act POETRY 2, 1918. authorized 1917, July -Lucy Elizabeth Cordon 644 President Anthony W. Ivins

On the Wings of the Morning Rh May Fox 648

Thanksgiving c Rees 670 Old Loves Rosannah Cannon 671 Homage Eva Willes Wangsgard 671

Death is a White Gate Frances Kroese 671

The Passing of Fall J- B. Jennings 671 THE COVER Indian Summer Violet Harris Hendrickson 671

"671 y''"nPHE TRAGEDY 671 Mitchell Thornton Lalia OF ChrysanthemumsThanksgiving 671 Flynn Clarence Edwin QUARWINTER The Last ChapterV V TERS"is the title of this I Shall Recall Cora May Preble 677

Reese 692 Lizeffe Wood worth Littlei Song of Life Prof. Avard group, by A 692 E. Berry Catherine - Courage grief, the Fairbanks. Note

not despair in the faces; the DEPARTMENTS

open grave; the shovel Lights and Shadows on the Screen 674 Seniors 687

ready for the last sad rites. Music - 675 M MenGleaners 688

689 Girls 676 sufPriesthood family Fairbanks Melchizedek The 690 Men 678 Teaching GleanerM Ward Quarters. fered at Winter 691 Vanguards 679 Priesthood Aaronic is in the L. group D. This 692 Girls Junior 681 Messages Mutual 693 in S. exhibit CenChurch Scouts 684! -: Reviews Book 694 Girls Hive Bee Progress 685 Exposiof tury Publicity and Era 704;- and Ours. Page Your 686 - Adults tion, Chicago.—

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

CODE

RACHEL IVINS GRANT, BY WILL CLAWSON

This portrait of the Mother of President Heber J. Grant is said to be of unuaual excellence

Rachel 9l Tribute Ivins To Grant Mothers flMONGdays is thethe sweetprivilegememoriesthat wasof minemy girlhoodof intiREJOICEby our sisters,in thethe remarkablefaithful andmeetingdiligentheldmothershere mate association with saintly women. of the Church. I happened to pick up a book This rare opportunity came to me through I this morning and read from it a tribute to

associations the friendships of and my mother to your mother, to every fine Latterday mothers—

lovingly Wells"as she was called. Saint Emmeline "Aunt mother:

pioneer of group wonderful women, This known in the sweetest of Languages Language word "The sisters,"with leading the people as who "The among is this letter in each of that There of—Mother. for the movements Eliza began R. many Snow are vibrat- a wealth so music of word divine—thereis the of the progress organization and among women ing the of chords world so whole Love Angelic—that tried in furnace the found and been Church, had

it often honors. pays to Mothers homage whom hardalloy. knew were without who They women

perseordeal of the Frances ship, passed trying of Lincoln; through "Nancy had Hanks—the their travail, been the people of as they motherhad Willard cution with and and Addams—mothersmother

wilderness. of less; the a nation of into driven comfortable mother homes Queen from JaneVictoria—the

to devotion faith mothers. that and proven had These women

in to follow principle, the road for only was them is asset greatest you "You—whoever life's blessings. truest peace search of of mind, and are—your failurediscouraged, mother. your You—bankrupt, figures lift I dear the the past the curtain of As riddled, selfestranged heartwrenched, hopewasted,

it as were silhouetted these of stand devoted women still for a sunsets in glorious remains day,—there life, a pioneer against more none of background

if get in thought, or again, but you you back clear distinctly than Rachel Aunt Grant—mother heart, or mother. your person—towill Seer J. Prophet, Grant, and of President Heber our

Revelator. "The most wonderful event in the history of the

the was It is natural mother. when first woman that this should be so—the destined world became—a

life because thing a beautiful has of a Prophet. become mother Human

Aunt Rachel Grant was a handsome woman of the world has had its mothers."

I repersonality. pleasing stately carriage and As as other ever has honored mothers Church No impressed she neatly dressed always and was member the Saints of Jesus Christ Latterday Church of

a as refinement. of culture one and woman the instrumentality the of Joseph Prophet has—through Relief Society In of meetings the her where ward establishing the Society. Relief Smith, by female

president, she she presided dignity was with and charm, which commanded the respect and love of "The greatest men in any community are those all the members. who render the highest tribute to motherhood. No

Her Madonnalike countenance radiated with one ever has surpassed, or ever will surpass the kindness. Her complexion was clear and fair as a achievement of a woman when she becomes a

young girl's with a faint peach bloom on her cheek. mother. When did you last write to your mother?

A skin, unspoiled by the use of cosmetics, so exIf she has gone from you, how often do you think travagantly used in modern days, smooth and soft of her? Do you realize that all you are or ever

as satin. Her large deep blue eyes held a smiling hope to be started back in the years when your

friendly look, and her firm yet tender mouth a sweet mother, her whole being pulsating with pride, held expression. She had a soft voice and uttered pleasyou tight, with eyes lustered and watered with love,

ant words; words of hope and good cheer and watched your every breath and kept pace, over the

comfort. hours, with your faintest heart throbs? Think of

Aunt Rachel was noted among her friends as the how, all through those days she wrapped you in her best of cooks and an expert needlewoman. Indeed unselfishness and her sacrifices.

a she true of exponent the was looketh proverb "She of measure will success degree the your be "The well to the of her eateth ways household not and of to honor to you pay mothers your and motherthe idleness."bread of fact she In I think one was hood."

of those mothers, the poet, James Whitcomb Riley had in mind, when he wrote "Over to dear Aunt I stand here today as one whose mother was all to jar"Mary's."for herShelittlemustboyhaveandkepthis thechums,proverbialfor that"cookiewas K sethim.an Sheexamplewas bothof integrity,father andof devotionmother toandme;love,she

of determination, to and none. honor second I stand her nature. tender

here President I today as the of the because Church have heard Aunt Rachel among a group of 1/ \!

friends, bear a beautiful testimony of the truth of I have followed the advice and counsel and the the Gospel and the goodness of the Lord. burning testimony of the divinity of the work of

To sit in the twilight of life and unfold pictures God, which came to me from my mother June of memory brings a rich outflowing of spiritual Conference, 1934.

thought. I am grateful to my Heavenly Father that I knew o

Auntof her Rachelbenign Grant,presenceandhas thatbeen thecastresplendentalong my pathglow 4 way.

1 By flnnie Wells Cannon N

By STEPHEN L. RICHARDS

A Member of the Council of the Twelve Apostles

''The Last Two Weeks''really should be the title of this tender sketch of the days preceding the passing of President Ivins.

B LANCOAWAITING

THE CALL T is the day after his funeral, at the regular Council meeting of went to try to give some comfort

I sit and ponder the marvelous the Presidency and the Twelve in and encouragement to the poor section. this lived in people being President Grant who abruptly Temple, and the life which has so I his preceded days next he things two other absent. The to a close Among yet so beautifully come

filled with his There are fresh in my memory inreported having been in attendance birthday—they were cidents growing out of his last at a meeting in one of the small usual activities—at the office early,

experiences. Some of these I will wards in the City. He said he attending board and committee

relate. meetings, interviewing

About two weeks visitors, filling up the prior to his passing I day completely with was with him in an imPresident Anthony W. Ivins useful work, then going

meetdirectors'portant By Lucy Elizabeth Catdon, a Granddaughter readto hisandhomestudy.at nightHe toldto considered and ing. He

passed upon an appro- 'PHE skies wept when he died me on one of these days priation of more than a Gently, because they felt no frantic grief that he had so fully kept million dollars and then It was as though the earth he loved up the correspondence of immediately he went to Had drawn gray mourning veils the First Presidency the home of a friend to About her head. that not a single letter

see a pure bred dog And sat in meditation, with slow tears. was unanswered and all

which was reported to matters had been dishave unusual markings. But let there be few tears posed of excepting only

to go. longed passed as he had rethose the awaiting He following day The surcease of toil, brief but with I Quickly, of turn the President. in at the bank met him he loved the perhaps, pause, then work and A its he was Sunday Execuof a meeting On

life to his gave And late the eightytwo. In he tive where Committee

transacted business of a Will be continued, glorified, beyond. afternoon my wife and

financial character. AfHe left a numerous family, and not one I called at his home. We

ter the meeting he told But may hold up his head and rightly say, found him surrounded me that he was tired, "My father's name and blood I have kept pure."by his family. Some

that he had taken no reHe left unnumbered friends had come from distant laxation for a long time The very great and very lowly love him, parts, across the contiand that he had had no And bow their heads in sorrow at his going. nent, to be with him on

good fishing since he But more in gratitude that he has lived. this occasion. The house

was out with me several was adorned with flowyears before. A trip He left fourscore strong years of human service ers, tokens of love and

was proposed; we dis- A book of living through whose pages now esteem which had been

cussed the boat, the fishWe who remain may turn and read and glean sent to him. On the

ing tackle, and the fishCourage and faith and noble precedent. table was a pile of letters

ing waters and a gleam Let there be healing tears to close the wounds and telegrams of felicicame into his eyes and Of new bereavement, but no wailing cries, tation. He told us that

his countenance brightFor he lived well, and he has gone to kneel some had come from ened as he contemplated Before that God whose service was his life people he did not know.

the prospect. And who will bend and say to him "Well done!"He showed us one from

The next day was the President of the

Thursday. He presided United States in which

EMORY OF PRES. A.W. IVINS

he was greeted as an old friend, were some reports of an adverse "I have made it a rule of my life

It and the other evidences of respect nature. President Ivins immenever to judge a man without a

and affection made him very happy, diately arose to his defense and hearing. I have seen much injusHe was very active and agile in questioned the verity of the reports tice from passing immature and illgetting up quickly and moving and plead for forbearance of considered judgment on others and

about among his friends, so much judgment and a full investigation. their actions. I have found that

so that we afterwards commented He said in substance (I am sorry when you can come to know a upon it. no verbatim report was made) man and his point of view you

I recall nothing often find him very of interest during different than you the next three days, thought him."He

except that I saw then concluded with him daily. a plea for forbearOn Thursday we ance, tolerance and

again met in the merciful consideraTemple, the Presition of all men.

dent having return- T TE took occasion ed. Those of us at this meeting

who were with him to speak of his on this occasion, birthday. These relooking back on it marks were recorded.

in the light of what "I know too followed, have been much not to be conled to wonder wheMARRIED SWEETHEARTS FOR FIFTYSIX YEARS scious of the fact ther or not on that that I am very imday he had someperfect. I have had

thing of a premoni- 'Tony"Ivins Meets Elizabeth Sfiow more arguments tion of what so soon As Given by Elder McKay at the Funeral Service with myself than all befell him—not bethe arguments I have

cause his actions TLJERE is President Ivins'own account of his first meeting with had in my life with were noticeably unhis sweetheart: other people, in orusual, but because "We were camped at Chicken Creek Lake. A few wagons der that I might

there seemed to have passed us and camped a little farther down the road. The folconvince myself

been gathered into lowing morning a span of mules belonging to the party ahead what I should do the few hours of were grazing with our animals. and what I should

that meeting some- "I walked down the road to where our neighbors camped not do, and I have thing approaching and asked a man who was repairing a harness if he had lost any tried to follow that an epitome of his life mules. He smiled and said 'No.'As I stood by the wagon out. I feel almost

among us. He did tongue, conversing with the man, a little girl walked up on the embarrassed at the

the things he had opposite side of the tongue and from under a blue sunbonnet nice things that came always done, he looked at me, and I looked at her. to me from memshowed the same "I was thrilled with her beautiful brown eyes, and could bers of the Church

characteristics h e never forget them. When we reached the St. George Valley there and others, and I

had always shown, were but two wagons camped there * * * j again saw the little cannot understand but somehow it browneyed girl. She was the daughter of Erastus Snow, the what it is that has

seems that they were father of Utah's Dixie. brought it all about.

climaxed in this "I continued to see her until we had grown to man and I have never had meeting. womanhood, when she became my wife. She is with me still, ambition for preferThe qualifications the same sweet girl she was at Chicken Creek. She has shared ence in anything. I

of a man had been with me the dangers, trials and privations of pioneer life. No have been satisfied

questioned. There other has, or ever can, take her place."to work, whether 'K

646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER. 1934

was with my mind or my hands "What a loss.""What a friend."

wherever I have been. But I have "How can he ever be replaced."

followed what I thought was right. Then came the day of the funeral.

I hope the Lord will overlook my It seemed like a sacred holiday. Busweakness, and with His help I will iness was largely suspended, many

try to carry on for another year houses closed. The police patrolled

if I can. I have never felt so gratethe streets to prepare for his cortege

ful before as I have on this birthday, and for three solid hours a continbecause of the things that have come uous procession of sorrow stricken to me."people passed his bier as he lay in

Profound attention was paid to state in the onyx room of the Church his words this day and I have since Office Building where for many years learned that other members of the he had so diligently devoted himself

Council experienced something of to the cause he loved. In the proan apprehensive feeling, as I did, cession were financiers, bootblacks,

when he said, "With His help I will statesmen and washerwomen, the try to carry on for another year if educated and the illiterate people of

I can."various nationalities and from all

On the morning of the next day selveswalks hisof life.friendsAllforcountedthey lookedthem-

I last for here the time saw him their friend. as him in upon Many

life. atmortal the bank, met We for time a long have paused would

transacted the business, and after the to look upon his still white face as meeting he remained to talk to me if by longing and wishing they a few minutes regarding the fishing might bring back again his friendly trip we had arranged. It was smile and kindly word; but they had

definitely set for the following Wedto be hurried on to make room for nesday. He lightly remarked that others.

he was a good cook and would see that did not we the unforgettable service to A ND now for thingswant great Tabernacle. in the Myrieat. said, also He beautiful in flowers entwined of ads

are gowe"Now side designs; costly extending from toing cabin your

edifice, side to adorned the of huge are goingand we a the rostrum background made andto use equipyour befitbeauty, ethereal so of almost

I don't andment propose that you shall stand the ex ting the one who loved them so much. They were the gifts of thosepense; I will see about that."who desired to speak their love in

The following Sunday morning this delicate language of fragrance while in Logan attending a conferand beauty. The great choir in

ence I received a telegram from Preswhich he took such pride was in its ident Grant advising of his death. place to do him honor and to assuage

It was a great shock to me and the the grief of his loved ones with the people. I saw a whole city stunned balm of music. The building was

by the news. They loved and esfilled with his friends, but not all

teemed him in Cache Valley, perhaps his friends, for there were many who even more than in many other places, could not get in and hosts of others because of his long and helpful servthroughout the country who could ice to the Utah State Agricultural not come. Many of these fortuCollege. nately, in the cities and towns and

Sunday night we again called at hamlets of the Intermountain counhis home. It was not the same try, were permitted to listen to the

cheerful, joyous place it had been the services over the radio.

week before. There were sorrow The addresses are a matter of recand deep mourning. A Mexican ord. They came from men reprewoman with her son, sat on a couch senting various groups of his friends.

with Sister Ivins. She was crying They recounted something of the

bitterly. She said her people had greatness of his life and the breadth

lost their father. The boy told me of his activities and they all expressed

that President Ivins had made it posprofound respect for his achievesible for him to go to school. ments and enduring love and friendDuring the next two days, the; ship.

city seemed to be under a pall. Crepe The services closed. The long

hung on the doors of many places funeral cortege solemnly moved of business. Men spoke in hushed through lines of uncovered heads to

voices and everywhere one went he 'HE IS JUST AWAY"the cemetery. On its way a great

heard the salutation and comment: church, to which he did not belong,

Late First Counselor in the First Presidency

OF THE Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints 648 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. NOVEMBER, 1934

official tribute.paid was the limitations of this His body Within

laid the article in the further extend I cannot earth. This was my Notes of the Funeral

end of the last two weeks which comments on the lofty character Extracts from the prayers and speeches

I have tried to recall. and achievements of this great man. given at the funeral will appear in a later

Some of the things which I have Fortunately so many knew him number of "The Improvement Era."

set down may seem to be inconseand were the beneficiaries of his quential and almost trivial but I goodness and wisdom that it is N Sunday morning, September believe that one may gather from unnecessary to exploit his life's 23, 1934, Anthony W. Ivins.

them an enlarged appreciation of labors. first counselor in the First Presithe eventful, noble life of President I am grateful indeed to have dency, passed away at his home

Anthony W. Ivins. known him and to have been in Salt Lake City, a few days after

In this brief cross section we see counted among his friends. A short he had celebrated with his family

something of the breadth of his intime before his death, after I had and friends his eightysecond birthterests and the easy transiday. President Ivins was as

tion from one phase of living active as usual up to Friday to another. He was a finanevening, September 21. His

cier, philosopher, statesman, scholar, preacher On the Wings of the Morning passingill but awasshortsudden,time. as he was teacher and

of righteousness. He was also By Ruth May Fox His funeral was one of the

a cowboy, a prospector, an most impressive services of its assayer, a farmer, a baseball pEADY, quite ready kind ever held in the Church.

fan, a hunter and a fisherman. Spotless his garments of whiteness. Indeed, many say there has

It is no wonder that touching Burnished his armor to brightness. never been another like it.

life at so many points he When he heard the call of the King! President Ivins was so univertouched also the hearts of so Glorious his life! sally loved by all classes of

the people. of breadth members people,many The be can His no forgetting; faith—there intersts, hisof his nonmembers and Church knowledge bitter regretting Nor joy—no of experiences, his that the occasion enlarged oneand was is before him! royal highway The

sympathies and his underuniversal mourning throughstanding of men gave him Urgent the need. out the intermountain West

tolerance as understanding al-. Horses are prancing, are waiting where he was known so well

ways does, and endeared him No time for adieus or leavetaking and loved for his sterling to the multitudes, for each Lightly he bounds to his steed. qualities. The great Taberone felt that in him he had a nacle was filled beyond cafriend who understood him. Away and away pacity. Floral offerings, beauCircumstances which I On glist'ning wings of the morning, tifully arranged, decked the

have recited also serve to show Glory and honor adorning. various pulpits and rostrums

something of the simplicity His fine intellectual brow. of the vast auditorium.

of his nature. His reasoning Now and forever During the time that the

was direct, not involved and A star in eternity gleaming, body of the beloved pioneer abstruse. He was given to Beck'ning mankind with its beaming, reposed in the onyx room of

reach a conclusion on new To follow the pathway he trod. the Church Office Building,

problems by the application more than 4,000 mourning of old rules and principles friends passed to pay tribute which he had long tried and to a magnificent life while not found wanting. Many a time been absent for several months Scout Executives of Boy Scout

he has won his point in financial from my home and my association Councils acted as a guard of honor, discussions with the recital of a with him, he wrote me a letter. In President Heber J. Grant, bereft

cowboy experience. it he gave me his confidence, much of his counselor, cousin, and friend,

His language was simple and encouragement and his affection. I the boy and young man with

beautiful. I have known but few shall always treasure it because it whom he had played nearly threemen with a gift of pure English typifies the sympathy and kindly quarters of a century before, joined

such as he possessed. He seldom consideration and the goodness that the mourners, while Elder J. Rcuused big words. He seemed always he was able to manifest in such ben Clark, second counselor in the

able to clothe his thoughts in the unusual measure for all his fellowFirst Presidency, presided, shorter, simpler words of the lanmen. God planted in his heart a As the cortege, after the funeral,guage. great love for all His handiwork—passed along South Temple Street

He was almost a slave to duty man, the animals, birds and all on its way to the City Cemetery and would let nothing interfere nature. As love begets love so all where interment took place. Rev.

with his performance of it. Many men and things seemed to respond James E. Kearney, D.D., Bishop

times I am sure he has suffered in to this divine touch within him. of the Catholic Diocese of Salt

health because of unwillingness to Lake City, and members of the care for himself at the expense of He went home to his Eternal clergy stood on the steps of the his assignment. But I believe he Parent with as rich a measure of Cathedral of the Madeleine while

enjoyed his work so it was not so tlie love and confidence and esteem the bells tolled the passing of a much of a sacrifice for him to reof his fellowmen as it is ever the great soul. It was a beautiful gesspond to duty as it might otherwise portion of a man to take out of this ture and a splendid tribute to aa

have been. world. honest life.

PRESIDENT CHARLES H. HART By LEVI EDGAR YOUNG A Member of the First Council of Seventy

From this life has gone forth to new achievements a fine counselor a righteous judge a faithful friend. This expression by

his colleague for many years is representative of what others have said and could say about this leader of the people.

was the Presiments as far north as Hudson Bay.

dent of that inPresident Hart was a quiet, unstitution, and ostentatious man. From his boyfrom him. Preshood, he was compelled to face life

ident Hart rewith courage, for his father was ceived instrucunable to give to his family of nine tion in Political children the advantages of educaScience, Physition. Yet from his parents. Presology, and Engident Hart and his brothers and

lish literature, sisters inherited sterling characterthe influence of istics. The father and mother were

the death of President which remained with him throughknown for their upright lives andWITHCharles H. Hart, there out his life. Deciding to take up honest purposes. He often repasses a noble spirit to the law as a profession, he entered called the humble home in Bear

a place of the of richness and Lake as Michigan of University the the ofthe beyond. member A

spirit, the his life, all through in 1889. and his degree of took LLD. a disFirst and Council of Seventy

tinguished lawyer, he was a man of Returning to his home, and later memory of the old homestead anihigh honor, and best of all, a most taking up his residence in Logan, mated him to higher purposes. A

lovable man. For twentyeight Utah, President Hart became a sucmember of the Convention that

years in the councils of the Church, cessful practitioner and for nine drafted the Constitution for the

President Hart has been a faithful years, served as judge of the First State of Utah, President Hart won worker, and his gentle ways will District court of Utah. Known many friends because of his fine

long be remembered by the people far and wide for his keen sense of sense of justice. While he was not

in the different stakes of Zion. justice and fine understanding of an orator in the common acceptance

President Hart was born of pioneer the law, he was chosen to write of that term, he was a fine debater stock sixtyeight years ago. His many decisions on technical quesand his delivery was not wanting

parents had their humble home at tions and cases for the supreme in skill. As a rule his words were

Bloomington in Bear Lake County, court of the territory. Upon the spoken quietly, and were often full

Idaho; but they moved to Provo death of President Charles J. Fjeldof feeling. Always interested in

while Charles was a small boy. It sted in 1906, Elder Hart was politics, he never complicated

was some years before the family chosen to fill the vacancy in the political opposition with private returned to Bear Lake Valley, Council of Seventy. He was a hatreds. It is said by one of his

where young Charles attended the member of the Deseret Sunday friends in the legal profession that district school, and did chores inSchool board and the Young Men's he could state facts and argue and cident to the work of the farm. Mutual Improvement board until dissect an opponent's argument

When seventeen years of age, he the time of his death. As president with quiet dignity and impressiveentered the University of Deseret, of the Canadian Mission for three ness. In President Hart's career as

now the University of Utah, and years, Elder Hart traveled widely a minister of the Gospel, he was was graduated from the Normal and was desirous of extending the always kind, and had a gentility school in 1887. Dr. John R. Park Canadian mission to the settle- {Continued on page 667)

OMANC In the jungles of South America once flourished a civilization which on account of internal difficulties broke up into two rival organizations. These peoples y though of the

same bloody became bitter against each other and fought many fierce and destructive battles. Zena a 'white maiden. is desired by

Nanaaha the Mighty One among the darkskinned enemies of her people but Zena has other ideas. This racial struggle between the

peoples of two mighty cities goes to make up this story by Dorothy Clapp Robinson.

""ismssim---'CHAPTER I I.T was fall. The "Perhaps when we have learned should scourge us until our stubflaming forest, the brown stubble, to bear our burdens uncomplainborn pride was humbled."

the frisking squirrels; the haze and ingly, God will lighten them,""That proves naught;"Ruth retang of the air gave exhilarating Gentle Leah spoke again, torted. "Abinadi was an insatiable

proofs of it; but not one of a group "God! Mention Him not to fault finder, and if he were a Proof girls just emerging from the forme,"Ruth cried vehemently, phet, why, then, did not Jehovah

est saw the riot of color nor felt "Even the gods of the Lamanites protect him?"

the intoxicating breeze. If their are more kind.""Death is as naught to him who

feet hurried it was the lengthening "There is but one God, Ruth;"believes,"Leah began, but a scornshadows and the distance to the Sarah rebuked her. "Jehovah, the ful exclamation interrupted her.

Great North gate that spurred them God of Abraham, rules the Laman- "I prefer the way of the Lamanon. To the right of them the vast ites as well as the Nephites."ite gods. Yet even now Zena might

vineyards were disgorging their "You blaspheme,"another cried. help if she only would."

startled. looked about laughed Leah of laborers. "Blaspheme,"horde the east Ruth From

is forforget Zena? bleat of scornfully. the resonantand 'north how "Wherg "Do you We have

flocks sounded steadily nearer the the Lamanites prayed and sacrigotten her."They all stopped,

city, whose immense stone walls ficed to their Rain God this season but she was nowhere to be seen.

rose straight before them. past and the rain descended and "She will come,"Sarah, who

Suddenly one of the girls clutchgave life to the dying fields? Biaswas cousin to her, remarked easily.

ed the neck of her robe and shifted pheme! Has your Jehovah been "Do we not call her The Dreamer?

her basket. "I must grow more so kind? You pray and sacrifice She will come before the gates are

indolent every day,"she said, "for unceasingly, yet our heads still bow closed. Just how could she help,

this basket seems cruelly heavy."beneath the Lamanite yoke; and Ruth?"

Sarah, reaching, took Leah's baswhat a yoke! 'Tis enough to sour "Your eyes are sharp, Sarah.

ket, placing it easily on her own the most righteous. Call it biasYou know Nanaaha looks with

free shoulder. Leah protested but phemy if you will. I call it just longing at her, but Jared, your

Sarah only said, "'Tis more than anger with an unfeeling God."Grandfather, scorns him. My

indolence. Gentle One. Many, And she laughed again, father says were not Jared so proud,'

many backs are groaning under "Nevertheless, there is but one the City could be living peaceablv.

burdens just now."God,"Sarah persisted; "Father "That may be, Ruth, but

"Burdens! How I hate the says He is punishing us for the way Grandfather will never sell his

word."The black eyes of the we sinned, and then rejected the favorite Granddaughter, on? he

speaker snapped with fire. "SomeProphet Abinadi when he told us raised from babyhood, to a Lamantimes I wish to die that I might be of our sins. You will remember, ite, though he be Nanaaha. the

free of them."he predicted that the Lamanites Mighty One."

By DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON CITIESOF TWO "He might do worse,"Ruth inwould grow anxious about our the gods of the Lamanites can do sisted. "To be the wife of Nanafate and come to our rescue, for me, for I am utterly a weary

aha is no mean honor."but the Priest, Amulek, comes with work and poverty."

"Nanaaha is a Lamanite,"Leah often to speak with Grandfather reproved her. "'Twould be a sacabout God's dealings with his peo- 1 HE girls gasped in

rifice indeed, to marry him that we ple at Jerusalem, from whence came horror, but she laughed defiantly might gain advantages. I think Father Lehi and his family, and he and pointed to the gate they were

our days will be better now, for says our troubles are scarce begun."approaching.

King Limhi is a godly man, and "Then by all that's holy,"Ruth "Nanaaha and his soldiers is striving hard to overcome the evil cried profanely, "I shall try what guard this Oncegreat-City well.

begun by his father, It were better for a NeNoah. Our people are phite Maid to cherish

turning again to the their wellwishes than

God of Abinadi. Three to waste prayers on a

seasons ago the Priests Jehovah who is afar off of Noah persuaded us and hears not the cries to hold the festival to of the oppressed."

the god of the seasons They entered the as the Lamanites do. gate. A huge opening

This season, when the in the massive wall guards celebrated it through which twenty here, scarcely any of soldiers could have our people witnessed it. marched abreast. As

"In our homes we they neared its inner call on the name of line, Ruth laughed tanJehovah."talizingly. "M o s t

"And small comfort humble and obedient it gives us."Ruth Maids of Nephi,"she

said, tossing her head mocked, "bow your in derision. "I would heads to Elohim, the

that Father should Gods of your Fathers, marry me to anyone, while you aid the LaLamanite or Nephite, manite gods to provide who would give me the for their worshippers."

comfort we had in the Ignoring her taunt, days of King Noah. the girls passed into an

Ah, those were wonimmense stone buildderful days,"and she ing adjacent to the sighed regretfully. wall, used by the La-

"They were for manites as a barrack.

some of us,"another Here they placed their spoke up regretfully. baskets on a stone

"Would that King platform. The LaLimhi could find a way manite in charge took

to escape the City, but each basket, measured with such strict guards the contents, half of it seems impossible. If which was emptied inour suffering is punishto an immense bin.

ment, I wonder how While this was being long it will last?"done, a tall powerfully

"I know not,"Sarbuilt Lamanite entered.

ah volunteered, A ripple of excitement "Grandfather has alran over the group.

NANAAHA, THE MIGHTY ONE waysfromhopedZarahemlasomeone k.

652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. NOVEMBER, 1934

All the girls but Ruth dropped golden and damp about her face marriage contract with Jared, is their veils, for was it not whisquivered with the intensity of her there one more wealthy than Nanapered about that The Mightyemotions. The vivid pulsing aha?"

One looked with signal favor on beauty of her ran like wild fire "None more wealthy,"she anthe fair skinned daughters of Lehi through his veins. His breath swered, "but the Lamanite is—is

and they had no wish to feel the came short and heavy. he has no belief in Jehovah, the

scrutiny of his blazing black eyes. "Some day,"he whispered, leanGod of our Fathers."

The soldiers bowed low and ing toward her, "Some day, Zena, The Lamanite laughed shortly.

Ruth prostrated herself in feigned the Incomparable, shall be the "If Jehovah be so powerful, meekness. If he read her purpose bride of the Mighty One! Some why does he not answer the prayers

he ignored it, and with a swift day—mine."of the Nephites? The gods of the

glance over the group, crossed to "No, you are mistaken,"she Lamanites reward their prayers and the table where he stood silently cried. "Grandfather would never sacrifices. Nanaaha is dark, but

and watched the dividing with keen give me in marriage to a Lamanhe wishes to take to wife the eyes. When, in measuring Ruth's ite. goldenhaired Zena."

basket, Samuel seemed to favor her Nanaaha smiled. Through the palm that partly

ever so little, he called sharply: "Of all the suitors who seek a screened the entrance to the build-

"Take care, Samuel."ing the afterglow of the sunset stole

Samuel's face flushed, but he faintly, and touching, softened the bowed low. The girls passed out. lines of his face and revealed the

"You may go hence,"The intense longing in his eyes. An

Mighty One then said to his suboricy hand seemed to clutch Zena.

dinate. "Nanaaha himself will She must turn his thoughts.

watch here and see that all is well "Have you not heard of Jeat the gate."hovah's promise to those who unite

Thanking him profusely, Samwith the Lamanites? No? Then

uel hurried after the girls, who had hear. To those who forget their

not yet reached the inner wall. t-X i God and marry an unbeliever, their

Nanaaha's eyes wandered from skin shall become dark and their them to the gate and a sigh of dischildren shall be dark."

satisfaction escaped him. How fair Her words affected him not at

was the Daughter of Jared, and all.

how cursedly proud her grand- "The promises of Jehovah are father. Ah, but he could bide his as nothing to the Mighty One,"he

time. He, Nanaaha, rightly called answered evenly, "and I shall marThe Mighty One, had all power ry you, my beautiful one."

and all wealth; he could humble "The Maids of Laman are beaueven Jared; someday like the dog tiful,"she suggested.

was,he Jared come would whining yea, "Beautiful, are so but you at his feet. lips thick His curled, fair. tiie blue have Your eyesand his eyes gleamed exultantly. an evening sky; your hair holds theof

gleams that play on the golden

IHE herdsmen brought etchings of your Temple towers;

in their flocks and hurried them and your skin is like the pink and away to the sheds; seemingly the white of blossoms in the springlast of the laborers came through time."

but still Nanaaha waited, pacing Zena was accustomed to admirimpatiently back and forth, his eyes ing glances and heart flutters that ever on the gate. accompanied the knowledge of posDusk came suddenly, and the sible suitors interviewing her

guard made ready to swing the Grandfather; but the bold, unconponderous gate, when a maiden ventional ways of the Lamanite

slipped out of the shadows and confused and shamed her. She

was at his side. She placed her quickly dropped her veil and stepbasket on the table and turned with ping toward the entrance said:

the grace and bearing of an Orien- "Ruth, then."

tal queen. He reached toward her, The Lamanite laughed shortly.

but drew back sharply. "Even the Lamanite likes not to

"Touch me not,"she warned. be pursued. No. It is Zena I want,

"The daughter of Jared is overand,"grimly, "some day Jared, the alert,"he sneered."Proud, shall beg the Lamanite to

"It is well,"came her quiet marry his daughter, that. his people

reply, but she replaced the knife might sufier less."

within her robe. "The Daughters

treadof of danger."Lehi a path of helpless SENSE A not She dropped had her veil, foreboding rushed over Zena.

and her blue eyes shone black with Turning quickly, she reached for disdain; and the curls that hung (Continued on page 703)

RUTH MAY FOX From the warp and woof of days and nights woven into weeks and months and years upon which golden m-oments formthe desig?is we all make our lives—some

shorty some long. Ruth May FoXy President of the Young Womens Mutual

Improvement Association has been busy for m.any glorious faithfilled years.

Claire Stewart Boyer a poetess of insight gives us this interpretation.

{An Interpretation) OHE sat at her loom, a child of Fate,

Weaving the cloth of necessity.

But with the hours a pattern grew.

And her heart was high with melody.

At the loom of life she has held her place

With the winsomeness of nobility,

And through the rich, divining years

She has wrought a radiant tapestry.

the shutforth flew activityBACKtle, andand because was so fascinating I scarcely saw the creation upon the loom. Suddenly the wonder of the whole, its

structure, its color, its harmony, its After the first full splendor of spirited woof of joy. A design

purpose appalled me. I had been the tapestry was mine, I looked that arose from revelation began to

seeing a woman busy each day with more closely at its fabric. The shape itself. In pure blue of openthe concerns of material and design, warp was of classic restraint, true mindedness, and rose of gratitude

with the strategy of warp and woof and strong. It had been in the it blended into a royal harmony.

life of color, harmony and purThere was a quiet dignity about it pattern more pleasing. Conserv-—aand I had failed to see the product family's possession for generations. Balance and symmetry made the

pose. that seemed to say, I watched, I ative some might call it, but it eleit all But now it stretched itself before waited, I served so that the whole vated the soul. And through

me as a tapestry on the wall of a could be consistent and dependdanced the rhythm of a singing temple and its beauties began to able. heart.

of the sheen morning was The years daysreveal For themselves. a and weeks and There was

its surface the delicacy and upon faith of shuttlehalo the over shining white about rushed and had texture. twilight of was itsthe glorified it. that Faith whole under the strands, weaving its fabric,""Rare one would say, a etherealizinghas one from way of "tapestry holding ancient truth in

life and passing gently into the modern form."

threads of other lives, making them In a coming number of The Im- "Vibrant,"another might sugmore chaste and satisfying. But provement Era President Fox will tell gest, "pulsing with qualities that

faith, crystallized in shining words, the story of her own walkirtg across can never dull or tarnish."

gives radiance, radiance to the giver the Plains. "A symbol for all weavers,"

and to the receiver. might be a just conclusion.

By CLAIRE STEWART BOYER

:ii

j\:.f'm-'>

THE BLACK CROSSES OF THE GERMAN CEMETERY

DERS FLA has always been a cerTHERE tain web of romance woven By JEAN about the old, old country of Flanders; one which showed itself //! is now only sixteen years since on that memorable Noin the tapestries and cloths which vember Eleventh the Armistice was signed. How soon men

famous the title "Flemish"made galjorget I Forget the anguish the heartbreak. the animalhistory of the ago.long The

lant little people inhabiting the cruelty of war! Surely one who has walked over Flanders

region, from their earliest beginFields. who has bowed before the Unknown Soldier in any

nings, down through their heroism under the Spanish yoke, to land begging forgiveness for even thinking War, who has their very recent spirited opposition seen Wars widows and orphans and cripples and debts and to the German hordes of 1914, has worldwide despair and bankruptcy on this Ar?nistice Day willalways caught the fancy of the

world. But perhaps the present dedicate himself to everlasting peace and brotherly kindness.

generation will best remember All have been touched by this Red Demon, scourge ofFlanders as the land about which

John McCrea's poem is written; I mankind for ages. This article by one who had eyes to see and

think that for many years to come a heart to understand, we hope will assist us all in rededicating the fields "where poppies blow"ourselves and all that we have to peace.will be almost sacred in the minds

of our youth. God has made of one blood all nations for to dwell upon

Usually one is disappointed at first seeing some spot about which one has long read and thought, for the reality differs so greatly from the mental picture that has been formed, but my first sight of Flanders'Fields had no such effect.

Poppies were blowing everywhere in fields of pastoral green; peasants,

wearing wooden shoes and picturesque sunbonnets, worked in the fields or drove cattle down poplarshaded lanes; it might almost have

been a scene from one of the old

Flemish tapestries which now bring such high prices from our more exclusive art dealers.

The occasion of this first sight of the famous fields was in the late

i5i<llfLi/ '<ffi&si5jSaiSiiS*.ri5fc!(Sy./a

THE LARGE BRITISH CEMETERY HERE DESCRIBED

a spot of England, A severely simple white stone monument bearMAGE ing the single inscription: "Their

the earth?''We wish our French our Englishy our Dutch our Name Liveth for Evermore"faced

Tlemish our Austrian our German our Russian our any theironcenteredentrance. whiteThis,stoneandcross,a largeare

Nationality friends to know that. Those German crosses there typical of every English and Engin the fields may be blacky but we know the bravehearted lishcolonial war cemetery.

men who lie beside them having only "halj a cross each are JJHlTE granite headstones, row as white as any. It was not their war unless they had hate in upon row, close together, each

cross, leaf, its graven its maple withtheir hearts. And we -presume. some of the white crosses may

filled its eninscription, the and stand above similar emotions. They were but -pawns moved closure. The inscriptions read:

* lies often: "Be- * *,"oron to the checkerboard of war by personal ambitio7% for power "Here *,"* * here lieved buried to be

concentrated in a few misguided minds. and sometimes even: "To a soldier And so let us say to all—''''Brothers we are so sorry that of the great war—known unto

you were swept away in a tornado of bitterness not of your own God."At the bottom of the stone

m-aking. that so long as poppies blow in Flanders Fields we

will drive and drive and drive towards peace.'''*

summer of 1931 when I was priving our destination, we were imileged to spend several months in pressed by the strategic importance the city of Lille, France, in the of a high ridge like "La Cote de heart of Flanders and during those Vimy"which loomed up ahead of months my companion and I took us, evident to even such untrained advantage of every opportunity to minds as ours. In the midst of

see the country round about. Our miles and miles of perfectly flat or

first interests were, of course, the very gently rolling country, it battlefield sections which I shall stands out big and black against here attempt to describe, for any the sky, overlooking and comeffort to tell all of the different manding scores of little towns phases of Flanders would be the scattered round about.

province of a very long book, not Just before we reached the hill of a short article. we chanced upon a small Canadian

One of our first visits was to the war cemetery; as events proved, it

AarasVimy Ridge country, one of was the first of many we were to the greatest battlegrounds of the see during that day and subsequent war, which we set out to see in true days. The stonefenced plot, filled

French style, a la bicyclette. Hearwith grasslike green velvet was like

656 -IHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEM'BER. 1934

was often an additional line, placed expanse of gently rolling plain poor repair. Worst of all, names,

there, doubtless, at the behest of covered by those black sticks, as dates and addresses have been carved relatives: "Rest in Peace,""Greater though a curse had caused the on them by boorish tourists. I felt

Love Hath No Man * * *,"and growth of some savage weed on a burning sense of shame when I one I particularly remember: "To this onetime fertile soil, is as defound a number of them to be from

live in the hearts of those we leave pressing as anything I have ever the United States.

behind is not to die!"Who could seen. When we drew nearer we It was so different from a cemewant a finer epitaph? found that each row of crosses, tery of one of the Allied countries.

Another small English cemetery closely placed as they are, has to There was nothing of the beautinot far away from this one has a serve as marker for two rows of ful, the peaceful or the reverent;

unique beauty. It is simply a great graves. Each side of each cross bears only the harsh, cruel reality of

shell hole, large enough to contain a name and a number and that is death, of violent death, unwept an apartment house, left unaltered all. and almost ignored. The boys

save that English grass has been One or two small and very unsleeping there are indeed strangers planted around the sides and botpretentious stone monuments standin a strange land; forever far from

tom, and imbedded in the latter is ing in the field are neglected and in home, with no possession but half the great stone cross usually found a cross at each head and a scant sufupright. A ring of. flower bushes ficiency of bare ground, where not

goes around the bottom while a even poppies grow.

rough wall of stones, gathered on Even for an enemy it seems a the spot, encircles the top of the hard fate.

the sidehole. wall of One is A SHORT distance away is the of the bearscemented names and

all those buried, or believed to be French cemetery of La Tarburied, on that spot. gctte, containing exactly the same

We saw literally dozens of war numbermost completeof dead, butcontrastpresentingpossible.the

cemeteries of different nationalities The ground on which it stands during the next few weeks and each slopes gently upwards, throwing of them had a solemn impressivethe far wall and tall cross into ness all its own, and while I shall silhouette against the sky; a sky

not attempt to describe all, or even which, on the day of our visit, was a large part of them, we shortly as blue as indigo, broken only by afterwards found three of the larg- a fleecy white cloud, while the rays est war cemeteries in existence to of the declining sun threw a subtle be in this neighborhood and I want radiance as a kind of halo over the to try to give you the impression entire scene. Over the long, orthat they gave to me. derly rows of trim white crosses

The first one of the three we saw climbing vines of red and white was a German cemetery containing roses are growing, while several 35,500 dead. The crosses are, of rows of weeping willow trees lend

course, of black wood, as are all Gertheir mournful dignity to the picman crosses in Allied countries. ture. The graves of many colonial

The frontage of the plot is small, soldiers are marked by crescents inbut it stretches back for nearly a stead of the usual crosses.

mile, and the sight of this long (Continued on page 668)

THE FRENCH CEMETERY OF LaTARGETTE A CANADIAN MONUMENT

AN OPEN LETTER MR. REX BEACH.

Dear Rex:

Today I saw two pictures of you on the cover of a magazine, in one of which you saying—"Getare holding a fisha liftpole;withina thecigaret."other youMy areexperience,smiling and,from thehavingreaderworkedis ledandto believe,climbed

mountains with smokers,, inclines me to believe that you were quoted wrongly, if honestly.

In big, black letters in the advertisement, are these words: "Rex Beach explains how

to get back vim and energy when 'Played Out'."Then you are quoted as saying,

"... A cigaret gives me a sense of wellbeing and renewed energy."

Not only the men and women, but the boys and girls of America as well, have read those words.

Now, Rex, I am wondering If you really believe what you say? You may, of course,

need the nicotineblackened dollars great companies have with which to purchase your signature, and the signatures of many others who ought to be fine "for those who think they are fine."

Years ago I mushed with you over the Chllkoot Pass, in your great novels of the

North. I canned salmon with you in "The Silver Horde;"built railroads in "The Iron Trail;"

and ran the rivers In "The Spoilers."I even went to South, or was it Central America,

with you in "The Ne'er do Well;"and to the bright lights in "The Auction Block."

In those days I thought you were a regular fellow—a partner to tie to. Those heroes

of yours, though rough, were true to their code and to their pals.

I liked you so well that when my sons came along, I had them trail with you, too, never suspecting that you would sell out to an enemy along the way. For money, you

tell those boys of mine, and even my daughter, that a cigaret makes you as "good as new."

I've tried to believe that you were deceived, but I can't. You are not ignorant. You

know what tobacco does to the lungs. You've been on long enough trails to know that the

boy and girl who depend upon a "lift from a cigaret"are depending upon a broken

Alpenstock that Is sure to let them down, when the going Is rough.

A football coach, a friend of mine, said to me as we watched his men going through their first hard drill of the season: "Now, I will show you the smokers."He did. One

by one those who had been depending upon a "lift"fell out, exhausted.

You sold out! In doing so you paved the way for cancer of the lips, the tongue, the

larynx in thousands. You strengthened the holds of pneumonia, bronchitis, and other pulmonary ailments. You encouraged young men to spend their money to tear themselves

down through cigarets when they might have spent it improving their minds and bodies.

Did you actually visualize millions of young people who have trailed with you, respected you, looked upon you as a clean guide to the great adventures, when you sold out? If you did, you're not the man your yarns led me to believe you are. If you did not,

perhaps some day you'll understand your responsibility and place your integrity—yourname beyond price.

Sincerely,

H. R. MERRILL.

Managing Editor.

P. S. Did you know that the adwriter who bought your picture to distribute to millions would have these deceptive words follow your own statement: "And science adds

confirmation of this refreshing energizing effect"? Here is a headline from a Salt Lake

City dally dated October 18: "Stagg Fires Grid Star For Violating Rules—Veteran Coach

Dismisses Star Back For Smoking."

DAY OF TH

By IVAN C JONES

FAR-.ADAME a clanging of ledge, medley gilded the noises from window Madame

stairs, up theGIER draggedM,herself street cobblestone the aside below. BeFargier her shawl threw and

every one of her sixtyseven years fore the window was a broken, after rummaging a moment in the weighing heavily upon her. It was bulging armchair with half of its mattress of her cot, drew out a

bad enough, she thought bitterly, padding missing. A low cot covsmall, bulging sack. With mumto have to scrub cement floors of ered by patched and faded quilts bling satisfaction she counted the

subway stations ten hours a '- contents, adding to it a day, without being obliged 'small crumpled bill and to climb seven flights of three round silver coins.

stairs to a dingy, crowded Then she tucked the sack little room afterward. back into the mattress,

Through the opened winsmoothed the bedding above dow on the landing came a it, and set about preparing breath of Spring air, spicy her supper.

with the odors of the great A chunk of bread, a bit of markets only half a block cheese, some soup that she away. Madame Fargier heated over an oil lamp

paused, letting her eyes that was the supper. She

sweep the slate roofs and ate slowly, munching with chimney pots that shut her a steady sort of precision, in from the great cosmopolgathering up each crumb itan city without. These that chanced to fall, and

Paris roofs had been her frowning, as though unconstant companions for pleasant thoughts were her thirty years. She hated supper companions.

them. She knew that she Indeed, unpleasant

had grown to be like them thoughts were her supper cold and hard and barren. companions. Unaccustomed

And she knew that those as she was to retrospection, grey roofs represented a sort o 1 d memories thronged of bondage, a repression, an about her bringing picobligatory isolation away tures from the past. And

from the world of light and as she ate, two lines of gayety she had known in her bitterness deepend the coryouth. ners of her mouth and her

Stuck in the edge of her features tightened into a door she found a folded scowl.

paper. "Humph!"she said

as she saw it. "Those Amer-.Hi,, J r OR thirty years

icans have been here again. she had lived in squalid povWhy can't they leave a body alone, ANDTHE YOUNGBEGAN SPEAKINGMAN WHO...WAS HISDIRECTINGEARNESTNESSAROSE erty, working, slaving, hoarding

anyway? Coming clear over here AND SINCERITY WERE IMPRESSIVE. each piece of money she could get

with a religion we don't want, and against the day when she could no pestering everybody with their old filled one end of the room. In the longer work. She had shriveled

papers!"other stood a wobbly table and into a solitary, crabbed old woman

She thrust the paper into her stove, two upended packing boxes grubbing her livelihood like a mole pocket, unlocked the door and enthat served as a cupboard, and a from the dark, unwholesome untered the room. long shelf with curtains hanging derground because a husband to

It was a poor, narrow, long little from it to conceal tattered odds and whom she had given ten years of room, looking like an overgrown ends of clothing. The whole was her youth had robbed her of her

closet. The steep roof cut the ceildark with grime and smelled of inillusions, her faith and her hope,

ing at the middle and carried it secticide. and had then cast her aside. She

sharply almost to the floor. A Without a glance at the soft blue had steeled herself against human

window framed a bit of sky and and yellow of the Spring sunset kindliness and companionship beother staring windows, and let in that colored the sky and faintly cause of the faithlessness of those

ANKSGIVING659 A Day of Thanksgiving—This story written by a young man who has recently returned from

the French Mission will find echo in many hearts especially among the converts to the Church.

she had trusted, and settled down terest she perused the small sheet. wealth, feeding him, body and

to her unlovely existence with the "Religion,"she read, "must soul, and teaching him the ways to stoic fortitude of the European reach into the interests of the oreternal life and eternal joy."

peasant. dinary man, satisfy his material Madame Fargier read the tract

Tonight, however, as she sat needs as well as his spiritual needs, a second time. Some of the mathere toying with her bread crumbs, and assure him lasting happiness. terial she could not understand, and

her thoughts turned backmuch of it she was too perward, feeling unconsciously j verse to accept. Yet, the bit

that mellowness peculiar to 'of paper with its closely

Spring in Paris, she felt emoprinted message soothed her, tions she that stir in her lonelong believed dead. had ftf somehow.At the bottom of the page A

liness welled up within her, \ she read:

a longing for companionship every held Sunday Meetings that her bitter cynicism had '| 1 at 4 o'clock, 64 Boulevard not entirely killed. Alone St. Germain, first floor.

in a garret room at sixtyseven, Madame Fargier "Humph,"she grunted realized that her selfish, solaloud. "They'll never get

itary life was unbearable. me into their meetings. I

Her eyes damp with selfdon't need their religion, I'm pity, she fumbled in her all right like I am."

pocket for her handkerchief. At five minutes after four

With it, she dragged out the on Sunday afternoon, Mafolded paper she had thrust dame Fargier poked her head there when first she entered through the door of a large the room. Unfolding the room on the first floor of

paper, she spread it out upon 164 Boulevard St. Germain.

her lap and commenced Everyone was engaged in slowly reading it. lustily singing an unintelliIt was an ordinarylook- gible hymn, and she took a

ing paper, but the title, seat at the rear of the room.

standing out in large block The room was large and letters struck forcibly: "A bare. A huge, weatherbeat-

Religion for the Ordinary en picture of Eskimos on an

Man."ice floe decorated one wall,

Two weeks before, the and across from it hung a

Americans had left a similar framed certificate for athletic paper entitled, "The Necesexcellency. At the front of

sity of a Religion."She had the room two large windows

scoffed, torn it to bits and opened onto the Boulevard;

flung the scraps from the window. MADAMEUNDERSTANDFARGIERWHATALMOSTHE WASWISHEDTRYINGSHETOCOULDSAY. they were kept tightly closed to

What need had she of religion? In shut out the traffic noises outside.

her she regularly youth gone had chairs hundred strawbottomed A... true the teach Religion must to church, prayers, her repeated in huddled crooked rows, and some the relationship between God fasts offerings. her her made and forty persons scattered were literal offFather His man, and

life recompense Her a of been had at the through them, moment spring, the by ways and show suffering. struggled, for She had studying books. hymn approach God. which may man a while, against the resentgrowing

... sniffed. Fargier provide Religion Madame must "Not comher, within ment then she had and to place a of in,"suffering, to the worship peace fort much to the

life shut as of out her she God she thought. to seeing Accustomed to discouraged, the weary, and hope shut out her fellow beings. faith to the disillusioned... Rechurches glowing with rich orna-

"A Religion for the Ordinary ligion, to be practical and acceptments, candles and altars, this lowMan,"however, might be someable must reach to the heart of the ly room seemed particularly dingy thing new. With growing inordinary man, oblivious of class or to her. (Continued on page 695)

a

Can Science and Religion

Bybe Harmonized?

WALDEMER P. READ

in every walk of life,PiOPLE and on most unexpected occasions, are asking this question. Thoughtful Latterday Saints and especially missionWe hear it on the street car and the aries of the Churchy 'will find this article by Professor Read,

street breakfast corner. the stimuUtah, a most at the University of teaching staff on the

at table men, and luncheon—oldAt sociologist by training experience. lating Professor Read is a youths even mere men, and young

are discussing it seriously. In reand, therefore, acquainted with the processes which go to

ligious gatherings of all denominations, in schools of all ranks, in make up a society. He is the author of the Senior Manual—

scientific and literary circles "Quest For Complete Living.

everywhere, minds of great and low intelligence are struggling with the task. If universality of attention value, is concerned with the possisaying, "The truth shall make you

vitality indicates the a problem, of Science free."the gap. of bridging greater bility surely claimthen can none

religion, This strain in Christianity has recorder; is a disinterested

significance for current thought in received emphasis Mormonism, a of the good champion life—Science docs thisthan one—"Can as witness: the conideals. of pursuer And Religion beand Harmonized?"is intelligence glory "The of God is religion science ciliation of and

truth. and are only Not we all contributing affair rather value than of light of an "If gains and a person knowledge more issue, bit but to this absorbingour it is ideal. fact an * * * life anthis in intelligence than

the to grasp are equally anxiouswe therefore logically, It the advantage will so follows other, have he much contributions of others. Especially although it is also an experienced in the world to come."

the clergyare "It and utterances of the is impossible for a man to be saved writer's motive in the fact—that ignorance,"scientifically the pounced notedof It in religious. essay is primarily this

upon for consumption. is as a religious person that he exTT is needless to argue about the

But, pessimistic as this may periences the need for harmonizing interpretation of these passages.

seem, all solutions and all efforts science and religion. He offers no Their influence upon Mormonism

at solution usually fizzle out. Inother apology for discussing the is traditionally patent. It amounts

deed, group discussions of the quesneed from the point of view of reto a definite scientific leaning. This

tion usually end with some easy, ligion. But, further, it is as a tendency in Mormonism has been

questionbegging solution that igLatter-day Saint that he experiences significantly symbolized by the nores the entire difficulty, or with this need. This becomes his motive words Joseph Smith as a Scientist

that, assertion lazythe equally special the for discussing it from regarded by title of a book—the religion all, scienceafter and Latterof the religion need angle of the Saints as a tribute most Latterday

not be harmonized. The writer is day Saints. both to the man and to the Church.

prompted to take up the battle by Indeed there are religions that "As a scientist,"the writer recently motives born of his own personal involve no such problem. The heard a prominent churchmember

experience. Empirically, as scores entire difficulty is disposed of by a say, "I have read the Book of Docof people know, the problem is disdainful renunciation of science as trine and Covenants and found it

vital; it demands our attention. the vain "wisdom of men."At up to date in every particular."InAnd it is not easy; it demands perthe hands of babes and weaklings deed, it would not seem an exagsistent effort. God is to accomplish His purposes. geration to many to characterize

It is not a disparagement of reBut such an attitude is foreign to this scientific note in Mormon ligion but a recognition of her esthe spirit of Mormonism. That thought as amounting to a bid for

sentially vital character, to assert He will choose as His servants those scientific recognition. The Scientific Aspect of Mormonism is anthat the need for conciliation bewho are "not learned"—the meek

declared. But it has other book which betrays thistween science and religion is a reliand lowly—isgious need, not shared by science. also been the spirit of Mormonism tendency—and which probably enIt is religion that is concerned with that these weak and lowly vessels joyed much of its popularity in

values; science is cold and unimshould become mighty and strong Mormon circles by reason of its

filled with much wisdom. title. It seems needless to suggestpassioned. If there is a rift between—and

the two, for science that incomThe child of Bethlehem "grew, and other of the numerous examples patibility is merely another fact to waxed strong in spirit, filled with that could be cited in this connecbe noted. But religion, not being wisdom."He later stressed the tion. The point is: Mormonism

a mere noter of facts but a quest for importance of knowing the truth, (Continued on page 698)

Let's Talk About Personalitu By MILDRED BAKER

See September and preceding numbers / for earlier installments of this series on /,/'personality.

is wrong, what is good and PART IV adhering to a practicable and satiswhat factory code of morals and each what is bad. Deep is the insight

personal deof a can phase to parent the say the of boy is compelled during who individual girl, as contry to just the or "I have to face is process of development, dependent onEACHvelopment every other one. This interquestion of personal morals. stantly and just as diligently as

is right anddependence is the element in perHow are you and I handling our you, to know what sonality that gives balance. When individual problem? What are what is not. And I, like you,

there is lack of adjustment in any our personal concepts of morality? often make mistakes. But let us

phase, we say a personality is not And finally, and of paramount imtry together. Perhaps I can help

well balanced or that he or she is portance, is your answer to the you and I'm sure you can help me."

eccentric meaning, literally, "offquestion, what can I do to help my I sorrow for the parent who says, center."An outstanding characchildren to avoid moral confusion? "I know best. You will obey

teristic of proper mental adjust- I doubt that it can be done by setme."Requiring unquestioning

ment, is an ability to make deting oneself up arbitrarily as a obedience from children and youth cisions. After an individual has judge. is like taking a trellis from a vine

made a decision, he determines to When it comes to the age old and expecting it to climb. Great

see it through and he persists until question of what is right and what is the shock and bitter the disapthe goal is reached, if he is well is wrong, it is for us as individuals pointment of the child who learns adjusted mentally. Persons less to make our own decisions and it that the parent whose judgment he

well adjusted mentally will often is for us, as parents, to help and never questioned, whose superior be deficient in one or more of the encourage our children to make the knowledge he did not doubt, was, qualities mentioned. He may be best possible decisions in the light even as he himself, prone to error.

able to make decisions, he may of our wider experience. The quesConversely, the wise parent who

determine to carry them out but tion of moral rectitude is largely helps a child to make its own delack the persistence to finish the a relative matter and wise indeed is cisions, who discusses life and its job. Or he may be unable to dethe parent or teacher who can help problems from the child's own

cide anything for or by himself. children and young people to appoint of view, gains the undying

Another person may be emotionalpreciate the fact that it is often confidence, the respect and the love ly immature. He often behaves in quite a difiicult matter for every of that child. Even though we

a most childish manner, doing as adult, be he rich or poor, parent or are parents and the heads of our he wishes regardless of consequences teacher, to know at all times what respective households, we cannot and for no other reason than that is right and what is wrong and afford to risk destroying the conhe happens to want to do it. Logic, furthermore, that every adult who fidence of our children by assuming

reason, means little or nothing to has ever lived or ever will live, has an infallibility that does not behim. He entertains all sorts of made many grievous mistakes, in come us.

prejudices. What he considers as spite of his efforts to avoid them.

"individuality"in himself, or a Youth should know, although I TT is not our province to assume a favored one, he often sees as a fault surmise they have long suspected, dictatorship in our homes nor to in others. Conduct that he conthat if adults were frankly honest, hue rigidly to a set and unalterable

dones in himself, he would criticize they would admit that it requires code of morals. The parent who,

severely in other members of his just as rigid and constant endeavor in his dogged determination to prefamily. Such attitudes render difon their part, as on the part of serve a high standard of morality

ficult the task of formulating and youth, to know what is right and {Continued on page 702)

ROKEN CIRCUIT By FRED K. BARBER

She was quite sure at it seemed impossible for him to oil he the time, she meant that. keep track of his—and the

She was trembling from left stained the fluffy corn silk of spent emotion as she her own blondness.

turned from the winShe knew too, that he abhorred dow, and her eyes were more than the faintest suggestion of touched with the grey of lipstick. But it had been part of

scudding March clouds. her code of feminine independence,

They had been so not to allow any man to dictate in madly in love; and at regard to such matters, even though

the same time it had Rick had once or twice refused to been a carefully planned kiss her in consequence.

marriage. For two years

they had waited, until iHIS morning he had he had earned his comleft their bedroom resembling the mercial license, and got scene of a California earthquake, a job. after she had so painstakingly arShe had saved too, ranged it the day before. He did

and the little cottage was that, when he was in a hurry.

more than half paid for. But it was the photograph that

Entirely theirs was the had fanned the smoldering sparks car and radio. (An exinto lurid flame. A photograph

pensive, but entirely the counterpart of this one, Velma necessary luxury for thought as she moved it to dust them, that shortwave the radio top, of Rick in his flytogs, revealthe breeches pegged radio.) the ing And now WINDOW—CAREFULLY AT THESTANDING the straightness legs; ing slim of his grass riffled green under the spring BE UNOBWOULD SHE WHEREBACK

his freckled the grin ARRORICK'S and showing WATCHED breezeSERVED—SHE that their swept handkerINTO GOT AS HE SHOULDERSGANT teeth even of the gleam below chief of a lawn; the TAXI rambler trailed THE

up the lattice at the cozy side door, tousle of flaming hair.

while tulips had already laughed in She loved that picture of Rick, admitted the sunshine and gone. had gone with him when it was that it hadV.ELMAall been very silly. Velma drew a frilled cap over taken not long before they'd beAngry as she was, she was levelher bright head and attacked the come engaged. Now—she didn't

headed enough to admit that. front room rugs with the vacuum recall how the matter had come up

told had her of giving a copy cleaner. all, After just at the had Standing how—he window—carefully in to a girl Cheyenne. begun? at They the had vowed she back where would be unobit

start to in never nothing fuss There wrong was the over or nag arroRick's watched served—she

trivial that, long things ago; that happened it had upset marinto most the as he got gant shoulders

taxi, and it came bitterly home to ried lives. and he had known the girl before

her that in six months of married It had seemed easy at first, espehe'd met Velma. Perhaps that

life this was their first quarrel. cially with Rick gone for two days very fact had goaded her to demand

spitefully he get the picture back. It might well be their last at a time—endless days, with both

words had tumbled scathing and of them counting the hours until Angrily he had refused, the storm ruthless from their lips, and her his return. had burst around them, and finally

parting sentence, flung wildly at his Little things it had been, bringRick had called a cab rather than defiant young back, had been: ing the quarrel to a head at last. have her drive him to the airport.

"I don't care if you never come She had tried hard to be goodBy the smart little banjo clock, home!"natured when he used her comb she saw it was time to tune in on

'M

"SWW* i the weather report. As she reached OVERHE WASCOLUMBUSFLYING BLIND!HE REPORTEDTHAT MEANTTHAT Over Sidney at sixteen hundred

for the switch, her lips pressed toTHE DUST WAS SO THICK HE COULD NO feet. Weather dirty. Ceiling limnone. as at a thought,gether sudden and LONGERENTIRELYSEE AT ALLBY INSTRUMENT!AND WAS FLYING ited, visibility—practically

toss go ahead."of Okay, her head,with a she went

out to the kitchen. Why should Then the voice of the chief opershe be concerned with the sort of illGH wind was ator:

trip plains. time wouldn't the She Rick had? sweeping At this Sidney Lawrence. Over "Okay

1listen either reports, dust. to his of year that meant A little sixteen at hundred. Omaha

For that was the reason they had pucker appeared between her eyes weather overcast, two thousand bought the expensive, shortwave as she went to the window, for foot ceiling, visibility two miles, set, so Velma could pick up the outside the lilac tops bent low. It wind north forty miles an hour,

airways broadcast, hear the orders would be worse, farther west. temperature fortyeight, baromissued by the chief operator, catch It was foolish of her to hold anyher husband's replies and so follow fear, of course, for the equipment eter—."Tensely she clung near the radio,his flights. carried by passenger planes—added in the arm chair under the reading That afternoon she went to a within the last year or so—made lamp, the words forming a vague

movie, and all evening she kept the accidents nearly impossible. Rick blur. The hours passed, as she

dials on longwave programs. was safer at the controls of his listened for any word from the

But in the morning she scanned plane, during a dust storm espeground stations, concerning the the paper. As her eyes lowered to cially, than he would be driving weather and conditions ahead of

the bottom of the page, the weather their redwheeled coupe. Lawrence in 248.

forecast stared at her. A storm was So she reassured herself. But Over North Platte she heard him

predicted. With a shrug she turned there was something else that ask for the emergency beacon light,

to the advertisement of a dress sale preyed on her mind. Rick had which meant the dust storm was so

at a local store. gone away angry and hurt, with thick that it was with difiiculty he

At noon she was busy in the her insane declaration ringing in located the field.kitchen, telling herself firmly that his ears. He wouldn't know—if Then, at Grand Island, his coshe didn't care in what sort of anything did happen—if he were pilot Smith was taken violently

weather Rick would leave Cheykilled—! ill, and Rick dropped him at the

enne at eleven o'clock that night. The afternoon and evening field where a hospital ambulance

She supposed he knew lots of girls dragged, and outside the wind was called. Surely, Velma thought,

in Cheyenne! whipped eerily under the eaves. they wouldn't expect Rick to come

It had been her accusation that Twice she called the airport, to on alone.

he still cared for the girl, that had learn that a fierce dust storm was There were no passengers, and made his blue eyes blaze furiously. sweeping the sand hills of western orders from Omaha were to bring

Even at the time she had known it Nebraska, flinging its yellow murk the empty crate in. Over Columunfair. No one was more loyal down over the North Platte valley. bus he reported that he was flying

than Rick. At eleven she was tuned in on blind! That meant the dust was

With a wry smile that she really the shortwaves, listening to Rick's so thick he could no longer see at loved him so much, she snapped departure from Cheyenne. Heard all, and was flying entirely by inthe switch to tune in the noon him report over Sidney: strument!

forecast. "Lawrence in 248 eastbound. (Continued on page 668)

664THE GREAT AMERICAN DISEAS By MABLE A. HINKHOUSE

Have you this dread disease—Speeditis? If so,

begin at once upon a cure. I was riding with a gentleedge of a at the town

the plenty because time but other day had or man of. We call might you LIVEcity—whichever the nicely his car at traveling took road a sixtyI was he at not long time one it—which

ago was conveniently listed as havmile clip until I called his attention to the speedo?neter.

a populationing of 153,153. The Let's slow down and live. is just outside where I residehouse

the city limits, and across the street is another house where live two mobile to every fifty or sixty peotime. As a nation we lack the gracharming neighbor children, Jimple. We have more motor vehicl cious sense of leisure. "Hurry"is

mie and Jean. They like to call in the United States than in all the our middle name. Hustle is the

across the street to me, asking me rest of the world put together. We thing. The man of the hour is the

over,questions, begging me to come pass times four breath. out of must consume elecman as much We

it is just even thoughetc. But tricity as surpass country, fellow, the other have any other must we

across the street, we find it very four times as many telephones, and our own record, we must exhibit a difficult to carry on a bit of converfour times as many radios. In airswagger of speed. This spirit has

sation. V transportation, there are more miles resulted in the great American

Because so many Why? disease passengers cars flown, maniacs mail more and Speeditis—speed minute hourwhirl and by each the lines of the scheduled carried on motormania. afilicted with

day and night. When I first moved United States than on all the other Walking has become a lost art;

to this place, I could hardly sleep lines of the world combined. the horse and buggy are obsolete.

because the cars passed by so conWe own half the machinery In They are much too slow. We get

stantly the night. at all hours of fact the to even play no exercise; by we are said many world—in thereI used to were wonder why be the of the masters the movies, machinery through proxy by the

so many, where they were all goworld. Ours is a radioautomo- automobile, and sitting in granding, and where they came from. bilefrigidaire standard of living. stands.

But it is small wonder when we Ours is a world on wings and This feverish, restless, hurried learn that of ours in this fair land feeling airplanes, populace. automobiles, permeates wheels the—

there regare twentysix million street cars, busses, trucks, places trains, People have to go so many istered fire are in that they a rush. average of one ambulances, always vehicles—an engines—which five people.car to every place, place disturbing dabto noise and rushes by with flit from They

With such an average, all Amermechanical unrest. bling in this and that, a smattering

ica could ride on rubber tires at the Americans have more timesav- here and there, bringing things to same time. But taking the world ing devices than any other people completion without completeness.

as a whole, there is only one autoin the world, and yet we have less Everyone is in the act of leaving

something half done in order to Too Busy to Live—this country. One morning he and

tackle something else and in turn (Commended to Persons Afflicted his host raced madly for the street leave it half done. We are conWith Hurryitis.) car, swinging aboard breathlessly

stantly rushing from one point to hadn't time to greet the day, just as it left the corner. "Weanother, giving the impression of HEHe hadn't time to laugh or play; saved two minutes by catching this

always wanting to be where we He hadn't time to wait a while, car,"panted the host. To which

aren't. We can't get anywhere He hadn't time to give a smile; the Frenchman replied, "And what

to the glean time hadn't it?"news, willfast us. to satisfy we do with enough go He We to or hadn't time muse; dream He Rogers puts Will stayto keep Funnymanalmost any place from his train hadn't mind, time to He

ing where we are. And when He hadn't time to be just kind; it this way: "America's whole

we reach our destination, we have He hadn't time to see a joke, ingenuity is spent in hurrying you his time to write folk; hadn't will have get to so somewhere, younothing to do. We are head over He

eat a meal, hadn't to time He other to some time study up moreheels in nothing.

feel; deeply hadn't to time He * * * getain't places to go. We rest. a to take hadn't time He

JWTEN grow restless and impatient He hadn't time to act his best; ting anywhere, but we're having

a cause, are."to hadn't lots help time thinking of He fun we at delay. a moment's They

a hadn't pause; time to He make tasks the dread of tomorrow Wetake chances to save seconds. a to hadn't note, time pen He the tasks neglect that so we much rushed death,"to they"Simply cast a to hadn't time vote; He

say. "Step on the gas,"and "Make He hadn't time to sing a song. of today and thus never "catch up."

are old like the lady times right we a hadn't to time Many wrong; Heit cry. they snappy,"lunch The

gift. a to send hadn't time He morning one awoke Monday who be hastily themust gulped down, practise hadn't to time He is this thrift. saying, me, Monday, "Dearstory short, be must the music must exercise, hadn't to time He day's next Tuesday, tomorrow's the jazzy, scanbe skies; be hadn't the to time journey He must

the week goneswift. They go along pushing, He hadn't time to heed a cry, Wednesday—half

to hadn't time done."nothing say goodbye; andjostling, shoving, trampling on He

poise. hadn't to time study He of living is refast tempo The in ribs,toes, poking exchanging repress hadn't noise; time to He

black looks, grumbling if they He hadn't time to go abroad. flected in the very heartbeat of man.

miss one section of a revolving He hadn't time to serve his God; Men's hearts actually beat faster

give. hadn't time lend to to or beats He they than oncedoor. did—ten really hadn't live; to time He faster. writer the has minute One drive furiously the They down hadn't this verse. to read time He are said in age living that an westreet, fret traffic the because hadn't in and a hearse. He time—he's to forgotten people have when how in Kleiset the Detroitlight just has turned "red."—Grenoille When

still time. a short for even keep Press. Free permission. Used by isthe signal or "green"turned GO

sit, they rock."they "If they "Ifon, street they at the dash down

fifty miles an hour, and because the stand, they chew.""If they

lights are timed to fifteen instead of with it? "We dive for an elevator travel, it must be furiously.""If

fifty, they arrive all too soon and to save onetenth of a minute in they tarry, it must be restlessly."

have to wait again. What was the getting to our desks,"confesses one

use to hurry? man, "and then we waste twenty Smashiifs

And if people actually do save a minutes telling stories."QPEEDLIMIT living inevitably

few seconds here incident is the of the without and there And there results in of smashups—either killed,getting visiting in do they was do Frenchman what (Continued who on page 670)

The "Secret"Cancer

From Medical Staff and Health Service Cure of the Brigham Young University every cancer salve is some member from the class of tissue destroyers as language known in medical has its escharotics. arsenic Among these,EVERY community

"weather prophet"who preholds first place and is most comdicts an oncoming storm monly used for the purpose. Next

"* * * by the feel in my bones,"in popularity is zinc chloride. The

or "* * * by the way my rheulist also includes sulphuric acid, matiz is actin'up."Boyhood nitric acid, hydrochloric acid, glarecollections leave many of us imcial acetic acid, antimony, caustic

pressed that no weather prophet soda, caustic potash, and other like without his own "rheumatiz"substances having local destructive could possibly have a claim to action.

veracity. Actually such materials have no

Another treasured community specific effect upon cancer cells possession of many localities is the alone, but attack both normal and individual with a family heirloom lifegiving nutriment from those abnormal alike. Their destroying

"secret"cancer cure. Such appliuseful cells in their vicinity and activity usually produces a mass of

cations are most often spoken of as eventually crowding them out of dead tissue, called in medicine a "herbs,"or "herb salves;"and inexistence. slough. This constitutes the

variably supersititious tradition As enlarging ganster organiza- "cancer"removed by the active inhas them remove the offending tions divide and establish gredient of the particular salve used growth "by the roots.""branches"in other cities where and is the specimen exhibited in a

The name "cancer,"which is a there is promise of profit and easy bottle.

general term covering numerous inliving, so masses of cells break off Naturally, diagnosis of a maligdividual types of malignant the rapidly growing malignant nant tumor is the first step of great growths, goes far back into antumor and travel by lymph or importance. Early determination

tiquity. Cancer was one term for blood highways to other structures, of whether a given growth actually

the crab, which the malignant as liver, stomach, brain, or spine, is cancer, frequently taxes the congrowths were supposed to resemble.* and start up secondary cancers that scientious efforts of the best trained

It was thought such a tumor had hasten the destruction of life. experts in such work. It involves

numerous "roots,"like the aniModern knowledge readily dem- a precise and ready recognition, unmals'legs, which were extended onstrates there are no such things der the microscope, of every type of deeply into tissues of one's body. as "roots"to a cancer. Consecell in the human body's makeup.

This idea of roots probably grew quently the seemingly common no- A carefully trained understanding out of the complete ignorance of tion that applying cancer salve to of sites of occurrence, types of cell that time concerning body strucan offending growth is like touchchange, habits of activity, appearture; and from the observation that ing an attached wood tick with a ance, and symptoms, of the many

a cancer beginning in one part of hot needle, and causes it to withclasses of malignant growth is of the body, such as lip, tongue, or draw its tentacles so it may be utmost necessity. With all this,

face, would eventually destroy life herded into a bottle, is no longer and the most painstaking labor on by attacking some remote region, held by those claiming even orthe part of a physician, mistakes as an abdominal organ. Today, dinary intelligence. are still occasionally made.

we know that a malignant tumor How important then is it that is simply an aggregation of cells "pAR from being new, or in any those who administer treatment to gone wild, so to speak. Just as way unexploited, cancer salves such conditions, whether it is

gangsters, tiring of orderly, reasonwere used as far back as 1550 B. C. "cancer salve"or surgery and X-ray

able living, cease to function as They are talked of in the Ebers or radium, should be well trained citizens and take what they desire Papyrus. From that time to this, and prepared to safeguard the welby force, often at expense of life medical literature contains frefare of those whom they attempt

and limb to other units of the social quent discussions of them. Acto treat. When doctors, because

group, so the cells that comprise a tually too, the term "herb"is a of having nothing better, were cancerous growth discard all forms misnomer, when applied to them. given to the use of these applicaof useful function for growth and While some vegetable substances tions in treatment of cancer, the

multiplication alone. They bemay enter into preparation of the knowledge of tumors also was

come outlaw parasites, extracting vehicles, the active ingredient of meagre, and mistaken diagnosis in

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. OCTOBER. 1934 667

early cases was much more common threat to his life. Very few phydreaded of diseases affecting the

than it is today. sicians spend many years in the human body. To his fettered

Several undesirable or even tragic practice of medicine without seeing mind, every nodule or elevation things attach to use of cancer one or more patients with serious presenting itself is a cancer and salves by untrained and often sorely deformity, and at least a few must have immediate destruction.

ignorant persons. To begin with, deaths, from ignorant use of the Most of his tumors are naturally

treatment is frequently applied to "secret"cancer cure. benign and cause no serious trouble,

benign conditions which are not Most lay people who set themeven in face of the caustics applied.

cancerous and would probably selves up to use such agencies sinNotwithstanding that, these too never become so, and theise are cerely desire to help those in are listed as "sures,"serving to labelled as cures by both victim trouble. However, their ignorance widen the purveyor's circle of inand one applying treatment. The of factors with which they are unfluence, and to impress his superstiaction is often painful, and hence knowingly dealing is fraught with tious followers.

needless suffering is occasioned. serious danger for the unfortunates Most human beings demand a

Also scarring is produced beyond who come under their influence. certain amount of the magic and

what is necessary, if other more We do not wish to convey the mysterious in any system applied controllable methods are used. impression that the escharotic to their health, hence the "secret"

agents are entirely without value power to stir their imaginations

ANY cancer which has gone in dealing with cancer, because such and cause many who are otherwise deeply into the tissues cannot is not true. Where a growth is on intelligent to resign themselves

be cured in this way, and the delay the surface, and thin, such treatsheeplike into the hand of the one occasioned by trying such treatment is perfectly capable of destroyproviding the most arresting ment often allows spread of the ing it and effecting a cure. A few Ime.

cancer cells to other parts with conphysicians still resort to this means. Perhaps human nature will alsequent prolonged suffering and inThe uncontrollable action, destrucways be the same, but in the matevitable death. It has been said too tion of normal and abnormal tister of cancer, we should come soon

that use of the escharotic agents sues alike, the inability to reach to realize, with Dr. Quigley, that:

stimulates or promotes more rapid portions of the tumor extending "Paste treatments,* then, should spread of a cancer lesion. Finally, more deeply into normal tissues, only be used in the hands of the

because of the great difficulty in the inordinate scarring, their tenmost expert person. In order to

controlling action of an escharotic, dency to induce scattering of canuse paste treatment properly and serious and even crippling deformcer cells from the primary site to scientifically the person must be as ities may be produced. Thus Dr. other parts of the body, and danger well educated and as highly skilled

Daniel Thomas Quigley, in his of eating into arteries to produce as the most highly skilled surgeon, book on the conquest of cancer, reserious hemorrhage, constitute facas the disease is curable by paste lates how the father and sole suptors that have caused medical men only in the earliest stages, and as port of a family had his hands to discard their use. the scar left even in favorable cases

hopelessly crippled, through deConsidering the life and health is unsightly and annoying. It Is

struction of the tendons by use of significance of these points, it is quite evident that the skilled med- a cancer salve upon what was not solely depressing to observe some ical man would practically never cancer at all, but merely a case of person, wholly or largely innocent find a case in which he would use keratosis, common in those of midof scientific information concerning this method of treatment. There

dle age and beyond. Another victhe human body and its health, is no field, then, in medicine for

tim had a hole eaten through his representing himself as endowed by treatment of malignant diseases by neck into trachea and esophagus, inheritance, or religious affiliations chemical caustics."

caused unsightly deformity,which fervor, and cure with some "secret"*A medical term for all cancer salve as well as constituting a constant for that insidious most and most applications.

President wereof Utah,all educatedhis ownat theAlmaUniversityMater. orto ineverysorrow,occasion.his courageHiswasnaturalequal

After the first wife, death of his cheerfulness expressed always was H. HartCharles estiAdelia Greenhalgh, a most to neighbors in kind words and {Continued from page 649)

mable and beautiful woman, friends. When his two eldest

-. President Hart some two years daughters were taken in their

later, married Lalene Hendricks, young womanhood, it was a great which was admirable. This was who through the long months of sorrow to him, yet his sadness endhis chief quality by which he won his illness, nursed him day and ed in understanding.

men to truth. It made him loved night, and during his last sad days,

lovableness people. theby The of she was his ever devoted attendant. last,Hishisdeathfaithfulwas peaceful.wife andTolittlethe his family in the is shown man

circle. His first wife was the Mary Lalene cheered him by their

mother of eleven children, five PLDER HART was by nature presence. In all his life, he did his

daughters and six sons. His great shy, almost timid at times. duty. His death was serene. He

desire was to educate them all, and Yet he never was afraid to take a died beloved by all the people and this he did. Every one of his sons stand for the right. In fact this friends who knew him. In Him

is a graduate of some famed Amerwas one of the Impressive things he reached out into a truer and ican university. His daughters of his character. In difficult places fuller life.

.

668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1934

Broken Circuit taxieding reliefup theshe runway.recognizedWiththe gasptrim

(Continued from page 663) ). figureRickwhichwaved,alighted.and when he'd

in, checked to the came running sat in horrified OHE seemed so much coupe, numbness—it said, up,"he "Glad showed you worse to be there alone. out for him

She realized how terribly much she halfshamefacedly. "I thought

said you maybe you meant what loved him—how awful—if anyyesterday morning. to going Was thing happened—he forget their quarrel stay with Barry Thompson. Sorry Would

and say something to her over Fre- I acted like a chump!"

mont as he ordinarily did? "Hello "I'm sorry too, dear,"she adhoney,"or "Put on the soup mitted, backing the coupe around.

Velma, be home in a few minutes.""Did you have trouble over FreHe was due in Omaha at threemont?"

thirty, and usually she set the alarm "Late calling in. Forgot, until

it. for three, just in time to catch his the operator jogged me out of

message. Tonight she hadn't set Get's lonesome for one. Poor

a sick lad. Appendithe Smith—he's up! was staying alarm—she citis. But to over Fremont Rick failed

rapidly. thinking Velma was report. minutes One—two—three have you come wouldn't Velma watched clock. "Then the banjo

if there?"been I hadn't home, He was always punctual to the Photo by Davis. all busted up. no. "Gee, I was OLD MAN THANKSGIVING second.

Once and again, then a third Thinking about getting a job on the coast."she time call: heard the operator in that swirling expanse dust of if radio reflected that the had She "Hello, in Lawrence. Lawrence and sky and to She wind! had she to wouldn't continued work, over Fremont! 248 Hello Lawfind out! there. been have rence!"rushed to She telephone, the then arrived Rick they home When reply. No the if thought struck her there that early to get tried morning some

Static in, interfertrouble, call barging were was her only might music. dance

ing. delay feet aid. to to sending her Velma Slipping a into jumped

get closer to the loudspeaker. In coat, hatless, she hurriedly backed "Some darn fool's pulled out the

so doing she tripped over the small the car from the garage. wall plug!"he grumbled, replacing

rug beside the set. Kneeling, she The drive to the field was a slow it.

bent her head close, intent to catch nightmare. Even then, her frayed Velma looked down, puzzled.

every syllable. senses recorded that the night had Then she understood. There

The operator's voice had ceased, cleared, the wind was dying down. wasn't any little rug beside the

and she discovered that the instruOdd, that the weather should be so radio. She'd sent it to be cleaned.

It was a funnyment was dead. She turned up the unsettled as near as Fremont. "Oh, Rick—."

volume, clicked the switch, twisted As she arrived at the airdrome, little laugh.

the dials frantically. Something in the powerful glare of the spotThen, to his surprise, she sudwas wrong out there over Fremont light a brilliantly lighted ship denly was in his arms.

Flanders Fields theTheregionlargestliesBritishclose cemeteryby. It ofis andand theunhurriedsoEnglishreposesenseis ofin ordersuch

{Continued from page 656) smaller than the others, containing strength that one may partly close.. 7,200 dead, for the English built one's eyes and imagine the white

It appears to be a vision more many small cemeteries, on the spots stone slabs to be the players resting than a reality. One senses that where the men fell, instead of colduring the "tea interval."And

here are men at home; their labor lecting the dead in larger plots, but one feels sure that they died as

done, they rest amidst the secenes it is scarcely less impressive, they lived and fought, disdaining they that was "not quite any action so well. wartime knew The of archimosque-like A dome

cricket, passed, theirnightmare you know."days retake tecture stands the entrance. over

their wonted course and the cattle, To the left and right as one enters The graven words telling that the wagon carts, the farmer boys, extend the white stone markers, the plot of ground has been freely and the peasant women pass close carefully arranged, and straight given by the French people to the by, engaged in their accustomed ahead stretches a broad green aisle Dead who lie within are more than tasks, while those within the broken only by the stone block an empty phrase, for They, like flowerstrewn plot rest in peaceful, with its inscription: "Their Name Rupert Brooke, so lie that "this

silent reverie, as though, fatigued Liveth for Evermore,"and at the corner of some foreign field shall by the day's toil, they had sunk to far end by the stoneand-metal be forever England."

earth for a moment's rest. cross the velvety carpet of EngUntil play recommence * * *.

And who deserves rest more? In lish grass spread everywhere brings Nearby, on a high, round hill,

pace requiescat! back memories of the cricket field, stands the war memorial of Notre

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. NOVEMBER, 1934 669

Dame de Lorette. There is a trench, and hampered as my movemonument for those of its sons

cemetery there, too, and several ments were by the headhigh wall who are "Morts Pour la Patrie"monumental buildings. In one, before and behind me, I was easily and no monument is too small to

grouped together, lie not one but able to throw a large stone into the carry many dozens, often many hundreds of Unknown Soldiers, German trench. What a living hell hundreds of names.

with an Eternal Flame burning at life must have been under those feet. their conditions can only imagine we

cities, big, even fashionable IG in visiting But cemestars these many lucky and our thank we did B'resorts, as such MalolesBains teries it. far live we to have wandered from not have through HomeVimy Ridge, our original objective, made as well as regulation hand and Ostend, exist; like any other

and I propose that we return there grenades were constantly being region, Flanders has its many comwithout further delay. thrown from trench to trench and ponent parts, but I am here atMost of the actual battlefields they say that it was common to tempting only to tell of the fields

have been completely reclaimed and send parties from one trench to of the recent war where so many only the name remains, but Vimy tunnel under and blow up portions valiant dead lie buried and where

Ridge stands today almost unof the other; not infrequently'poppies still staunchly blow in their

touched since the war. The hill is enemy tunneling parties met and memory. And where an old, old

literally stuffed with "dud"shells fought it out to the death in the people come daily forth from its and any extensive reclamation inky blackness underground! new brick dwelling to turn its bluework has been found to be too danFrom the top of the hill the sight grey eyes toward the horizon, graspgerous it to is attempt, affords although of the countryside a most its in handles its plow hands and

carriedbeing slowly effects cauand eloquent the on evidence of it the of go on as land working has alltiously the time. Grass, the bushes war. In France Belgium and for centuries, done each person

wildfiowers areand slowly obscurseeing to accustomed one becomes little a working harder to make uping the scars jagged everywhere houses, churches, buildold old old for those once in those worked whopresent, refuses grass even but to ings the every of kind. tops From fields same can but only who nowcover hillsides the torn completely. hills this the in of region one sees sleep there.

The ground was so badly torn that only new houses, new buildings.

we could not think of riding over Fresh red brick glares everywhere in That romantic spell of Flanders the most part of it (save on the mute evidence of the destruction has fallen upon me, and now often it is raining and the light ofone paved highway that has been wrought by the war. when

built there for tourist transportaScattered throughout the land of day begins to fade, I think of a spot a bend in a country road wheretion) and even spots. walking the near are similar was only Flanders On I sat evening tree, one under a waitaccomplished difconsiderable with near other side of Lille from Vimy,

ficulty. Shell holes one hundred Ypres, Belgium, the famous "Hill ing for a shower to pass, and from

feet deep are not uncommon, and 60"presents a scene very like that where I could see green fields even tourists have not yet carried at the Ridge, and both are becomstretching away on every hand, away the rusty remnants of the ing little more than curiosities for with hundreds of poppies showing barbed wire barriers. sightseers. Battlefields and war like splashes of blood in the false

cemeteries are so numerous that light of the fading day. On the

"PHE main front line trenches of they pass almost unnoticed and few brow of a hill nearby stood a little the two armies, entirely cementsave those whose loved ones fought war cemetery, the tall cross in its ed in, stand as they stood in April, and are buried on each particular center thrown against a patch of 1917, at the time of the heaviest spot pause to think of what they sunset gold in the heavy grey sky.

fighting. Standing in the Canadian mean. Along the road winding down the

Monuments and hillside came three rough oxdrawn peasant's carts, a man walking at === statues abound.

One stands on the the head of each, and by the side of first the one girl a walked singing road between the clear in a "Ave Maria"soprano Ypres and Nieu- * * * perfect a picture As port with voice showing gripping realism of peace as ever an artist might have the spot where poipainted.

son gas was first Sitting thus and thinking, I feel used for the whole- a desire to return, to see it all again, sale destruction of to sense that spirit of peace in a mankind. The imcountry where the sound of canage of that stone nons has scarcely ceased to echo;

soldier clutching at and where it may anytime recomhis throat, gasping mence.

in the agony of In Flanders'Fields the poppies suffocation, will still blow, and beneath their roots stay in mind allie many thousands who knew this ways! Many othpeaceful land as one of ghastly

ers are scarcely less horror and who marveled at those impressive. poppies they spots were when N o same IS THIS LAD AMONG HIS PUMPKINS is so small BEING REARED FOR A town of beauty in the midst FIELDS?"of "FLANDERS an ugly

that it has not its wilderness.

670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. OCTOBER. 1934

The Great peoplelive. Arein thewe worldtoo busytoo busyto die?to Cancer and Latterday Saint

American Disease, Deathwe do isnotforeverhave awaitingto speed us,its andapBy HAROLDTeachingL. SNOW, M. D.

Speeditis proach. In the American man's

{Continued from page 665) business life, everyone is busy every NE doesn't fully appreciate his rush, push, pull, it. loses right until he hand '4 moment—hurry, and struggle."blessthose appreciate not We can

nerves or cars, or both. The fierce Why should we always be so ings which we do not realize that

gale of highpressure living has busy? What is it all for? Are we we possess. But through obedience

driven men and women on the too busy to live? Can we not find and faithfulness to Latterday

rocks. They have become old and time to live rather than time to Saint ideals and Gospel teachings

wrinkled and gray before their kill? many people unknowingly avoid

time. All too soon the room is full the development of certain forms

of friends and flowers. Thanksgiving of cancer.

It is said that it takes about By Ida Rees It would be interesting to have automobile to an hold 1500 nuts statistics the various authentic on artist's with eye is filled musing it takes one only together, but Latterday cancer to THE of kinds among masquerade. Autumn's landscape. it all the overspread those as of Saints with compared the there canvas welcomes waiting The killed are people a hundredNearly the people. other Church laid; doubt deftly pigments No

every day in the United States Bright round pumpkins figures at least on cancers of the alone because of automobile acciBright round moon. lips, tongue, tonsils, esophagus

Stiff corn are people dents. 30,000 Around shocks, and stomach would be relatively shadowshoon. In in year this cause every killed from low. clusters. Purpling

are a million country, almost our Jeweled pomes. Two years ago while attending there is an annual injured, and cider, Amber

property loss of about two billion Honeycombs, a pathology conference in Chicago dollars. A third or fourth of these The horn of plenty we were especially interested in the

case a certain discussion of of Overflows—are accidents promise because of exceeding Colored being tonguecancer which was limit. the speed * * * In rainbows.

Can we no longer distinguish The easeled picture limned a prayer in demonstrated post mortem. Many

between going fast and going as harvest's bright brocade; opinions were given by some of

praise be unto Him, for color, and or the hundred more physicians record Thanks Is the fast as possible?

light shade! and at the present meeting. In conmistaking everything? Are we

mere movement for life? Mere The minstrel's ear is sonorous with Auclusion one of the leading authorivoice profound tumn's ties cancer stood deon and up get Shall progress? for we speed

Rejoicing and hands lyre the hymnal chords clared: years ten "Gentlemen, from thousands cover a to hurry such in empound:

these find longer we shall no now find time that cannot miles of we Water's murmur.

to attend to what lies nearest us? Song and whir. mouth and stomach cancers so

Are we becoming too busy to be Dry leaves'rustle. overwhelmingly predominant in

stir. life Wild males. beginning friendare now Women cultivate our to hospitable,

roar Thunder's and to indulge in as heavily the use of to health, care of our ships, to take wind's Lost moan muse, to think, to pray? Too Rain drops in tobacco as the present cancergen- busy to "Be still, and know that A monotone—eration of men have done."Tobee of alcohol, and bacco, drinks unhot fast Hum and so I going Are we am God?"chirr. Cricket's are hygienic the of some mouths brief but one that we can pause mill of Clang

moment with Him, and then with And engine's purr. * * * predisposing as well as exciting

hurried steps rush on, not waiting The vibrant strings'melodic prayers In causes of these tumors.

resound: harmony counsel? for its Cigarette fursmoke with praise and be unto Him for resothere must be something Thanks Surely resins, fural other ammonia, nance and sound! and

riding around at than higher to aim irritants besides, chemical after the of to keenness soul, aware, is whetted The a percar over in a highpowered first half cigarette of the has been a knife, rate a at of fect high road paved the unnatural heat that smoked, battling with Unconquerable, what his speed with no place to go and world is rife: is produced in the mouth, is said

nothing to do when one gets there. Call and wormwood. to be a factor in the cause of

is difficult get to it Love said It is that It is and bliss. cancer. a see pitiful sight to or Luxury together long family American an large the eastern one of hospital Avarice, prayer. the Lord's say to enough charity furnace. Fiery full sufwards of patients

But they would be better off if they Laurel wreath. fering from this and similar contook time to pray. Hate and envy.

People in the Orient are not obSword's unsheath. ditions, their tongues and throats

Falling manna. literally rotting It away. makes that spirit of speed the sessed with

Paradise, is one's be busy the exists West. in thank Father Heavenly To or one Beatitude

distasteful to the Chinese philosSacrifice. * * * for giving Joseph Smith the Word

receives once The heart scholar Chinese opher. A It all in all, the glory of Wisdom, advising the Saints to strife and the live much think said: "I one can

better without being busy, and I Thanksandandheightpraiseof belife!unto Him for depth abstain from the use of alcohol,

am sorry to see that there are many:obacco, and hot drinks.

* Tarc '*m\-

Old Loves The Passing of Fall ChrysantheTnums

By Rosannah Cannon By J. B. Jennings By Lydia Hall

wind moans gallant/LD hollyhocks low tonight, and 'VKTHERE once grew loves are better unremembered, THE clouds toss by.—when I sec. are all V V Dry stems

The heart has grown too spent to keep Crowding the far, dark reaches of a sky The queenly roses once so fair them pure Dim in the weird, white glory of the Are hanging droopingly;

From any bitterness. They can endure. moon. But gay chrysanthemums are here

A little time of grieving only, then The leaves drift down tonight, as drifts And are a lovely sight

They grow distorted, lose reality, the snow In purple, yellow, white and red

Corrupt the lonely mind. It is not wise In winter, and the never ceasing flow They bloom with all their might.

To keep vain fancies long before the eyes. Of water makes its melancholy croon.

Oh, spare yourselves this final tragedy! The seasons change tonight, and I would Summer has gone, 'tis autumn now,

And put away the thought of other years, know The daisies all are dead.

When love was easy and the end not The secret of the seasons as they go The chilly winds that blow today known And glimpse with wiser eyes Life's Have bowed each poppy's head.

So that the past, unmarred by futile tears. mystic rune. The withered leaves are falling down

Distills a fading perfume, sounds a tone -e<<V5 And Winter's very near.

Of distant trumpets, dying * * and apBut my chrysanthemums still bloom pears Thanksgiving And bring me summer cheer.

Garlanded, sweet, in secret shrines of stone. By Lalia Mitchell Thornton

THIS is the time for hymns of praise. We have been careless in confessing Indian Summer

Homage PouredOur gratitudedown uponforourHeaven'stangled blessingways. By Violet Harris Hendrickson

has turned have confused Summer too Gypsy many lines SWEET By Eva Willes Wangsgard We lack it as counted desire, ardent, of knowing. swift And And with

certain harvest of hill sowing; Trails robes o'er This her our valley and the they mountain came/VER

fire; the the grapes wines. a In and of not symphonyfootsore Dusty and and worn; Condemned

reviled, praised, Loved, thought. never but Paints lips her laughing crimson withPatiently trudged; they onward

Ourselves, source the of wrought. eyes her lure what with we sweet And grow borne Cheerfully burdens were

'Till trees the in drowsy homage filed on;Lumbering wagons is rise the time that for This hymns thick feet. carpets for Lay herPerilous descent. the was little lips, forgetting a while From the pleading wondrous, beauty And slow; andHeavy and awkward panic, Loss, regretting; sorrow, and mystic, her magic Of mood Steadily went. they onward still sits skies, in his smiling God halfSends dim longings remembered

still is blessings sending down. God softly Singing blood. through myFilled faith. zeal the of with new failed, erred, have and and may Men

Seeking a haven of rest, faltered.

Seeking a Zion on earth, But His intent has never altered

Faithfully pressed. they onward curse, does but Heaven not Men frown. Death is a White Gate fear, in norNeither in shame praise Self laid aside, pray. and we

Nor with a trumpet and drum And keep once more Thanksgiving Day. By Fran<:es Kroese

withBut and a prayer. a hymn

is a white gate p\EATH did Thus, our forefathers come. - Into a garden. neighbor's

Into the valley they passed, I pause with my hand upon it

Down the steep, rugged ravine; And call back lightly,

Gray grew the sage all around. "I go to chat for a moment;

Only the streambanks were green. Presently, Beloved, I shall see you."

Far to the west lay the lake.

Gleaming like glass in the sun;

Neared they the end of the trail The Last Chapter

But with their task just begun. By Clarence Edwin Flynn

Eagerly they forward drove if tears, the I wonder

Till the banks a creek, of on cares, years, of the sorrows and OOMETIMESAnd leader, their exclaimed,Brigham, stress bitterness, Their and of woe is place the "This which their happiness. we seek!"Will overweigh

Yoking the oxen to plows I wonder if the tale will be,

Which they removed from the load. When it is told, a tragedy;

Broke they the agehardened ground. The wrong, the story all completed.

Watered and harrowed and sowed. Be on the throne, the right defeated.

Those who were used to rough toil. I have the faith still to believe,

Those who had known wealth and ease Though Life into the fabric weave

Toiled without counting the cost Some somber threads, the pattern done.

Empires grow by degrees Will yet be radiant with sun.

We, who think these times hard, However great the troubles are,

We, who inherit this sod, Joy will outweigh them all by far.

With our heads bared we should pay Photo by Dr. M. Marshall. The sunshine and the shadows blending.

Homage to them and their God. "CORKIE"ON THE PUMPKIN The tale will have a happy ending. ---f.r.

/\w

Tribute to Tribute to President R. W. Ivins President Charles H. Hart

(Excerpts from the remarks of President Heber J. Grant, at (From sermon delivered at his funeral by President Heber J.

the First Session of the General Conference, October 5, 1934) Grant) personal association during all the NE of the greatest, most devoted and splendid pROM my members of the General Authorities of the years that Brother Hart was one of the general

Church has been taken from us at the ripe age authorities of the Church I am able to bear witness of eightytwo. From his childhood until his to all of the splendid things that have been said

death he has been a very studious man, a man here today regarding his character. There was

gathering information on many subjects, a man no one of the general authorities with whom I successful in all the walks of life in which he traveled from stake to stake, in fulfilling the duties engaged. He was successful in more things than devolving upon us of attending quarterly conferany man I ever knew, and all his life he fulfilled ences, that I enjoyed traveling with more than I

the requirements made in the Doctrine and Covedid Brother Hart.

nants, Section 88, verses 124, 125, 126: The sincerity and honesty, the integrity and

me. impressed of always He devotion the man

cease to find fault cease to "Cease to be idle; be unclean; to love. to Love was a man know was whom is reneedful; to sleep cease longer than with another; one

tire to thy bed early, that ye may not be weary; arise early, begets love. He was a man who loved the people,

that your bodies and your minds may be invigorated. loved to mingle with them, loved to gather evi-

"And above all things, clothe yourselves with the bond dences, as has been said here, of the divinity of the perfectness of charity, a mantle, of which as with is the bond I are engaged, and to be and you in which work peace. and it. a position defend to until that I come. Bein always, not faint, "Pray ye may

hold, and lo, I will come quickly, and receive you unto It is a wonderful thing to be a judge and to myself."have the reputation among all those who knew

him that his decisions were absolutely true and

The very life of Anthony W. Ivins is testimony straight, and what they ought to be according to

of the work in which you and I are engaged. the evidence presented. To my mind the greatest

Men of his caliber, of his honesty, of his charity, tribute that could be paid to a man is that those of his love for his fellowmen, a man in comwho know him best love him most, and I am munion with God, would not stay in this Church sure that this tribute can be paid to Brother Hart unless he had an abiding faith in the divinity of and that he is worthy of it. If Brother Hart had

this work in which we are engaged. an enemy I have never heard of it. I have always

heard people speak of him in the highest terms.

a perfect that have abiding and knowledge God To I appreciate and thank Noble Warrum for the lives, the that of Christ, the Jesus is the Redeemer editorial written about splendid Anthony W. of that world, a prophet Joseph and was Smith

all for I expression, Ivins. beyond am grateful, to carry to is in that us the best devote and God,

I tributes these that to him. been of paid have inspire others others that to to knowledge and

am thankful that the President of the United try to obtain it, is the highest labor I believe toin congratulation of States a telegram fit to send saw this the engaged, can be of us any was and which talking his I could birthday. for hours go on on latter his the part of labor of Brother during Hart

regarding Anthony W. Ivins, but I think perhaps life as one of the general authorities of the Church,

I have said enough, only to say that in every and it was a labor that he took pleasure in perparticular he fulfilled the advice of the mother to forming.

her son: I rejoice in all the splendid things that have

said here today. I recommend to his wife TO MY SON been

and his children that they read the seventysixth

Do you know that your soul is of my soul such a section of the Doctrine and Covenants, telling of part the marvelous and wonderful blessings that shall

That you seem to be fiber and core of my heart? come to those who embrace the gospel and live it,

None other can pain me as you, dear, can do; and of the promises that are made to them conNone other can please me, or praise, as you. cerning the life to come.

I have no hesitancy whatever in assuring the

Remember the world will be quick with its blame, beloved wife and splendid family that all of

If shadow or stain ever darken your name. those marvelous blessings promised to those who

"Like mother, like son,"is a saying so true, shall endure to the end and keep the commandThe world will judge largely of mother by you. ments of the Lord, that they shall inherit celestial

glory, shall come to Brother Hart. There is

Be this, then your task, if task it should be. nothing I can urge upon the family more than to

To force the proud world to do homage to me. follow in his footsteps and walk in the narrow

Be sure it will say, when its verdict you've won, and straight path that he walked in during his "She reaped as she sowed, Lo, this is her son."entire life. * * *

HE outlaw. notorious "rA>e5, this HAS DODGEDWftSPOllTiCS,fWOONE.D INIndicted SlUCEHCMIKED parstand for If they MINORS, DEMORALIXEO

turnand him, doning fWLSSovereign Citizens CAUSEDACClDEMTiWITH BOOTt-E<SGERSTRAFFICANO free, scot loose ing him of the United States we can see that they do yOUR HONORS: notthe staterepresentor theus eithernationalin

Once more we bring capital.

this culprit, John BarBelieving that Henry leycorn, before the bar Grady, one hundred of justice. years ago, made an eloOne year ago this quent plea in this regard,

month we were asked to we are requoting from vote upon the repeal of our magazine what he the Eighteenth Amendsaid:

ment. We voted, a

majority for repeal. Henry Grady,

This magazine, howThough Dead, ever, through its editoSpeaks Again articlesrials, written and Straight to orGo Grady, famed The Fellow Who Promised {Henry readers, pointedby its of half a and journalist in Detroit.'Veiis'atoc the -Thomas

out the dangers of reUsed by permission. century ago, gave one of the

in saloons the career of reopening to the in opposition been and liant Barleycorn—alwaysliquor—Johnpeal, declaring that greatest speeches of his brilhis fit our city, words Atlanta, Georgia. his home See how will to law andalways be opposed order—alwayshas today.) situation his very are in disorder seeds ofoutlaw. The

nature. My friends, hesitate before you vote liquor

Our friends of the opposition declared that they back * * * now that it is shut out. Don't

were unfriendly to John Barleycorn but also untrust it. It is powerful, aggressive, and universal

friendly to the Eighteenth Amendment. They in its attacks. Tonight it enters an humble home

assured us that the saloon would not return, but to strike the roses from a woman's cheeks, and at the same time they said that revenues from tomorrow it challenges this republic in the halls liquor would relieve the situation created by the of Congress.

depression. We maintained that such statements

were contradictive. "Today it strikes the crust from the lips of a

tribute levies starving from tomorrow child, and nearly a year your Honors, have had we Now, itself. the government There is humno cottage the liquor of thein to observe workings which

ble to escape enoughinterests, it—no place strong enough our including the bootleggers. We leave * * * it out. to shut our of readershonest to form their own opinions

present situations. The Eighteenth Amendment "It is the mortal enemy of peace and order.

has been repealed—we are not now speaking of - despoiler of men, the terror of women, the

repeal. That is past cloud that shadows the face of children, the demon

But in many of our states, including Utah, that has dug more graves and sent more souls unliquor questions frown over the next legislatures. shriven to judgment than all the pestilences that

states liquor will be asked of our bySome interests have wasted life since God sent the plagues to their present governing laws revoke orto change the Egypt, wars since Joshua stood beand all liquors. controlthe of hard sale and Utah The

* * * fore Jericho.legislature the will those by bombarded be among

goldenpalmed liquor interests. All they said "It can profit no man by its return. It can

about the Amendment will be reiterated. They uplift no industry, revive no interests, remedy

will dare to say that we Sovereign People cannot no wrong. * * * It comes to destroy, and it

enforce our laws and that therefore, our laws shall profit mainly by the ruin of your sons andshould be removed in order that John Barleycorn may parade shamelessly. They may even make mine.,, It comes, to mislead. human... souls,, and

certain promises. John is notoriously without ""rts under its rumblmg wheels.

conscience or any standard of morality. "It comes to bring grayhaired mothers down

Perhaps you are saying, "Well, what can we in sorrow to their graves. It comes to turn the

do about it?"wife's love into despair, and her pride into shame.

We are still the Sovereign People. We can do It comes to still the laughter on the lips of little

stifle all children, to the music of the and home will. instance,everything about For it—if we

silence desolation. with and fill it and It comes state senates the for our candidateswe can put

and houses of representatives on the spot. We to ruin your body and mind, to wreck your

can ask them where they stand with respect to home."

LIGHTS and SHADOWS on the SCREEN

dren andPreviews of Current Pictures in each T'/ZjE world has prime need of ested to childrenother—fatherwho areand interson,

Plenty of humor Night Those who of Love: and the gang./NE home Hollywood and the mooing,

false sentiment. - like at its screen singing and no and sympathy, best talking, selfrespecting picture

rshould not miss hearing Grace Moore, screen. An art so fraught with Fine jolly entertainment. (The whole

the Metropolitan Opera: Franz Schupleasant little play. We classstar, thein scenethis socialachieve itspossibilityzenith until,can withoutnever family.)Love Time (Fox)

where she sings from the balcony violation of the freedom that is bert belongs to that small group of.among the gems of the screen. the breath of art, it recognizes its great musicians which is most deeply

Russ Dream: and Wake Up

his singer the radioColombo, who was socialthat goespurpose.to the* picture* The housesworld lovedexquisiteby theappeaLworld Thisfor beauty,story charm,of

.accidentally "The Unfinished a bullet shot and killed by ear to love to give eye, wishes affair—with and nose

playing pistol and "Serenade"beenfrom a duelling had which Symphony"those qualities character of and its with and this in background years, for singsloaded forty in through those struggles triumphs and it from redeem to little picture.light humor for thought, Wc the daily which, drama even amid

delightful pro- a it1:he singing, that type of good. was uncertainties the enoughsentimentality—isbroad of depression

formality of ponderous the duction. The Though Wheels: Wagon times, the make human game

is Austria I of Francis of generally the Courtreviewers enthusinot were candle. the producer worth The

the it and.astic Bohemianism this picture, believe up against about we to plans merely get by by played who

genius. and vicissitudes of poverty love is well those while for worth who the offensive omitting so comadults. Probfor whilethe old worth a song. Well West good and The pletely mireads the situanew

children for is trite, most mature too ably the threeplot or of but two is tion that to he due be swept it. like might are striking, though epicscenes the charmany and his along with nambypamby In G. M.): (M. of the Wheels"Widow Merry song—"Wagon to the scrap heap. product But

favorites, revival old of this the of rolling day of the wheels by.acter--—illustrated rightly he measures who demand of,a version it. enchanting here an great train have redeems we There wagon as for negative not posifor but

a operetta of the Lehar Franz while. other popular songs wellare worth things, tive feels his under who

ago. Modernized or generation more.Girl Limberlost: of the A feet the threshold sure this of new

all charm, subthe presented with adolescent of girlhoodromance and and prepares to epoch and meet who young love marred slightly by rather opportunity with inspiration, is tlety and beauty of form and rhythm brutal beginning. (For Children.) likely, in the days of his affluence of which Lubitsch is master, it quite

fills the eye and ear with its gaiety and La CuCARACHA: Exquisite musand fame, to praise the protesting

iical short about old Mexico. {For the hour that sent hatchets slithering its music. Some risque insinuations in

generfarce but of French thepamily. manner screen."—Rually (Adults and delightful. wholesome Lll Fix) It (Columbia): A graftfusthroughSteele,a guiltyin Christian Science

ing political boss finds his boasted abilMonitor, August 22. and young people.)ity to "fix things"defeated when he Wake Up and Dream (Uni-

.attempts to bribe an honest school versal): A pleasant light picture

teacher to pass his beloved young is certain to please wide audiences. with the story of three young players

ibrother in order that he may be cap- (Adults and young people.) going through vicissitudes in hunting

itain of his baseball team. Somewhat Peck's Bad Boy (Sol Lesser): for a job; always standing by each

different in theme and development, One of the allaround stories that other through lean days and through some good small boy psychology and will appeal to adults who like chilsuccess. The singing is a cheerful but

some rather rowdy comedy, (Family,) not enthralling addition. (Family.)

Big Hearted Herbert (Warner Happiness Ahead (Warner ros.): This is really good fun. Clever Bros.): The picture is smoothly dilines, well knit situations and a swift rected, and the story interest aug-

-paced tempo. (Family.) mented by scenes of window smashing

Secrets of the Chateau (Union forty floor office buildings, a gay iOersal): The theft and traffic in rare New Year's party and a roller skating

(editions, including the temptation ofpalace, as well as by several tuneful fered by an original Guttenberg Bible, songs by Dick Powell. Clean in flavor,

:bring together a strange assortment of good lines, generally refreshing. (Fam-

-people in an old chateau. Alarms, ily.)

murders, suspense and an amusing vein Have a Heart (M. G. M.): A

f comedy are interestingly interwoven clean little love story well acted.

and well played. The lighting and The Human Side (Universal)

camera work so important in a mystery A woman's problem presented with a.of this kind are unusually good. truly human touch which makes it

(Adults and young people.) quite engaging. Some hilarious comLost Lady (Warner Bros.): Quite edy, some natural and amusing family

,a far call from Willa Gather's novel scenes. (Adults and young people.)

but, aside from that, an interesting Barretts of Wimpole Street story of a young woman's effort to find (M. G. M.): To many this is the

happiness following the sudden death finest picture ever produced; to all it

of her unworthy but much loved fiance. must appeal strongly. Against the

(Mature.) interesting background of old England

Now AND Forever (Pora): This the acting of Shearer, Laughton and

combination of players in a story of March, in the leading roles of the play, reformation, brought about through FIELDS AND ZASU PITTS, IN superbly etched. Not to be missed, if

the "honor bright"appeal of a child. MRS. WIGGS OF THE CABBAGE PATCH you are over sixteen.

.

*\ T

Choral Music and the Art of Conducting

By HILDA MILLER A report of Noble Cain's Course given to directors last June. This report won the prize

offered by Executive Secretary Oscar A. Kirkham

, the male chorus melody to the the Baritone Divisions of Music it"tough"trying tospotsget arIt learned.learned Whenthere willthe songshouldforgoa and

(Continued (from October Era) then be plenty of time to begin at the Tenor sing the alto as written.

it. is rehearsing a and go through cappella best singing with By A PART II first

there in this clement of large is an voices; manner or of about group more 60

6. Aesthetics of Music (or reactions suspense as the singers are anxious to the group may be smaller but good

of people) begin at the first. One should not be results will depend on the ability of

(a) How does music affect hutoo impatient to have a piece learned. the singers. The human voice is not

mans? What effect does it have on Learn it right and good if it does take spoiled by instrumental accompanjithe soul, and on the mind? What is a long time. The moment a mistake ment, however the instrument should

the psychic effect on people? is made it should be corrected. add something to the rendition. A

(b) Music Appreciation. It is not necessary to have piano cappella means, "Any music that is

One can't teach music appreciation, accompaniment at the first rehearsal for sung without accompaniment,"to one must get it for oneself. if the conductor knows his piece he be sung in church or chapel style. The

In Bach's time it was necessary to can sound the note and the singers can root word "cappa"means cloak.

retune the piano each time that a selecget it that way. Some might criticize In choosing members to sing the diftion in a different key was played. This this plan, but there is not much differferent parts the conductor should enof course, was very inconvenient. Bach ence between the conductor giving the deavor to have 1/3 more second sodecided that there was surely some pitch or having singers follow one of pranos and 1/3 more first altos than

remedy for this, so he took it upon the good sight readers. "It really in the other parts. The middle section

himself to make a plan which resulted doesn't matter how a piece is learned, should always have more voices.

in establishing the intervals of the the main thought is to get it learned."A baton should always be used when

piano such as they are today which One should learn to read music by conducting. One Is much more at ease

eliminated the retuning of the piano. association with it. The accompanist holding a baton, and then it looks more

His fellow musicians said it couldn't should always follow the conductor graceful. It usually appears very awkhe done, but he proved to them that regardless of who knows the most ward to see the conductor waving his

it could be by composing a number of ahout music. This will make for hands grotesquely in the air when the

selections which illustrated his point harmony. same results could be obtained with

of modulating from one key to anIf it is desired to arrange a four part (Continued on page 683) other without retuning the piano.

This discovery has been one of the greatest of its kind. THE TWOBEAT MEASURE: (2/2) (2/4) (2/8;

School children should be taught about music generally and not be held too closely to the technicalities which.REGULAR.: M AR.CATO

they might never use. To have the Jr. '

best success with children in the musical field the child should be taught songs THE THR.ee -BEAT MEASURE: (3/2) (3/4) [3/8)

which deal with his cveryday life.

Children's choruses may be worked out \'in detail and expression similar to that SHAR-P: BR.OAD ii Q.UICK:

of adults.

Before presenting a musical compo- v>'sition to a group for study the conTHE FOUA.-BEAT MEASURE: {4/2} (AM) {4/8} ductor himself should be thoroughly

familiar with the score. He should

it merely the not play over piano on is once, "it the that statement making OROINARY:.''MA RCATO! let at pretty"very that it go and and

his to direct expect chorus effectively, familiar THE SIXBEAT MEASURE (6/2) (6/4) (6/8) should thoroughly be so but it himself every with that he knows r6 \ first copy. part prewithout When

senting the composition it is a good difficult plan the to pick parts out most j;v;'i, -"rj \i \'i 'first drill until and bethey on them

come easy. This is a better plan than The above figures were taken from the book "The Eloquent Baton"by

to begin at the first, which is usually Will Earhart, which was highly recommended by Mr. Cain. The figures were

the easiest part, and struggle through drawn by Peter Edwards.

'November Three 'Reasons Why I Believe hisa testdoctrinesby whichcouldthe betruthproved.or falsity of

First Week Joseph Smith Was Inspired We like this "Book of Mormon"exhortation: "And when ye shall re-

A Two Year Missionary Course "TT'HEN Joseph Smith announced ceive these things, I would exhort you a vision in * that he which had had that the ye Eternal ask God, would letter is of special the following AS the Father, Jesus Son, His and God, if these Christ, Father, the in of name interest to Elders and Seventies, a we Christ, to him, he appeared made shall true; things are not if ye and

take this means of advising them of statement which, if true, was the most ask with a sincere heart, with real inits contents: significant happening in modern times. tent, having faith in Christ, he will

If true, then his subsequent teachings manifest the truth of it unto you, by

CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF and the Church that he founded, both the power of the Holy Ghost. And

LATTERDAY SATS based on that declaration, similarly are by the power of the Holy Ghost ye

OFFICE OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY true. may know the truth of all things"

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH It is inconceivable to me that a (Moroni 10:4-5).

of fourteen, country boy this tried injunction. have We We July 18, 1934 backwoods

a children, third in nine family of told the truth. Joseph Smith know. Presidents of Stakes:

father, his convince could inspired and God. saw was mother, He He

Dear Brethren: brothers and sisters of the actuality of guided by God in the greatest achieveThe First Presidency, the Council of that vision if he had not seen it; that ment of modern times. the Twelve, and the First Council of he in the face of a continuing scourge—Geo. R. Hill, Jr.

the Seventy have decided upon a plan of persecution and ridicule, not only to because himself but to them yet are notwhereby young men who of that Joseph Smith—An Inspired maintained declaration, could have rebe years age will oftwentyone

quired to take a two years course of their loyalty and belief in him, if he Leader telling truth. the were not themselves prepare to as Eldersstudy

of "Book is a five A FEW years ago an eminent editor The Mormon"the office of Seventy to for ordination and for service in the ministry. Details hundred twentytwo page book of inand author remarked to the writer,

of this plan will be sent to you in the spiring scripture, wonderfully concor- "I have just completed a new book near future. dant and consistent in its teachings, which deals with certain outstanding

style, language and philosophy. That American men and women who began

Young men twentyone years of any man in the eighty odd days from their life's work in an unusual way, age, or over, who are properly recomApril 7, 1829 to late June of that yet were strikingly successful. You

mended, may be ordained Seventies same year, of himself, could write will be interested,"he said, "to know without taking this course of study. such a book, is unthinkable; that an that the first of those about whom I

In the meantime missionaries untutored lad of twentyfour could, have written is Joseph Smith, the Moryounger than twentyone years of age is doubly so. That this same lad, of mon Prophet."He went on with a

should serve as Elders. himself, could advance the doctrine, brief appraisal of the accomplishments

"Men are that they may have joy,"a of this religious leader, and concluded

This applies not only to brethren doctrine, ultra modern in 1934, and in by saying that the plan of life evolved who arc preparing to go into the mis1829 considered pure heresy, is also by Joseph Smith showed him to be a sion field but also those who may be inconceivable. great architect in the affairs of men.

selected for local missionary service. That this young man, in the brief That this great religious leader was

Sincerely your brethren, space of fifteen years and before he inspired is impressively evidenced in (Signed) Heber J. Grant. was thirtynine years of age, uninthe remarkable results that have come

A. W. Ivins. spired, could give us the "Book of Morfrom his devoted service for humanity.

mon,"the "Doctrine and Covenants"In the first place, as a mere boy, he

Quorum Bulletin Volume 7, withteachings,its manythe "Pearlvaried ofandGreattotallyPrice,"new broughtcreteness theforthrealitywithofchallengingGod and ofconthe

Number 4, Is Out the "Inspired Translation of the divine mission of the Savior of men.

Bible,"and numerous other writings Secondly, under his sure guidance, in pHE new bulletin outlining the course and teachings; that he could give to the a brief span of years, was developed a

'of study of the quorums of the world the most perfectly organized church organization which today is

Melchizedek Priesthood is now in the church yet known to man and attract recognized as one of the most effective field. The October lessons have alto that Church, tens of thousands of the world has known. In the third

ready been presented; those for Nomembers; that he could establish the place, the unswerving fidelity of Joseph

vember are suggested here for those Priesthood in all the beauty of its conSmith to the cause of truth and rightwho do not have access to the Bulletin. ception; that he could plan and build eousness, and his sacrificial struggles

uplift for manifest the of cities humanity states as in three and, unmany Bulletin the of purpose primary The strength that are of devotion and Saints the born persecution, lead daunted by lessonsis and to supply uniform ( 1 ) inspiration. these; that to of he another one from

the for business monthly of orderan the to organization social that order; Turning could propose now a new

Elders Priests the and ofmeetings High these as of outgrowth an find write which came to time think could and he furnish to the Church, andof (2) it let briefly in revelations, us virtually examine doctrines preach on new and the for suggestions weeklyhelpful spiritual light the for activity; of opportunities all phases of the man's of

group (or quorum) meetings of High that he could do all of these things, of selfexpression and development. In

Priests, Seventies and Elders. himself, without Divine help and guidthe more than a century of its existence

The general theme for the monthly ance, is indeed unthinkable. this system of religion has been a force

meetings during 1934 is The Divine No charlatan would have the temerfor good in the lives of hundreds of

Mission of The Prophet Joseph Smith. ity to boldly and frequently advocate thousands of men and women. It is

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER. 1934 677

still growing and radiating a beneficent Sin, sickness, poverty, atheism, huSmith could combine mysticism with influence over all the world. Joseph man exploitation, vice, graft, and bruthe workable in daily affairs. From

Smith was but twentyfive years of age tal, ignorant human beings and savage the day in 1827. (1820) when the

when he laid the broad and solid wars, did not originate with the modvision or impulse, whatever it may foundations for this organization for ern industrial state and capitalism. have Been, mastered him, he became a

this church. Could one of his years Neither did men first dream and strugforce in America, the impetus of which

have planned so splendid and lasting a gle for a decent society which should shows no sign of being spent."

structure without inspiration? provide equal opportunities for all, help Like Jesus he (the Prophet) did not

The unswerving fidelity of its and protection for the weak and unleave us a mass of religious legislation, founder manifests his honest purpose fortunate, when President Roosevelt but he enunciated general principles and his devotion to what to him was declared that we must have a "New and left the Saints of each succeeding a divine cause. He accepted his call Deal."generation to use their own spiritual

intellectual initiative in finding and direct neveras being God. from He for a us has message Prophet The these prinapplying of means and ways his to testimony bearceased powerful these great because he grappled with

ciples needs. their to This immediate sealed claims. his to truth the of He in of fundamental problems mankind

is a true prophet. the marks of of onehis his blood. testimony with his day. own

stifle initiative individual did not He life selfsac- a of strenuous His was because Joseph Smith was murdered or stumbling put unsurmountable rifice. beginning the from Hounded issues vital persisted in the he making institutional the in blocks of path".. Being Speaketh".He Yet Dead his a religious age of concern matter of growth.

within enemies both without andwith his people. for himself of Jesus and J. the writing P. Smith, in on M. fold,his dungeons, into mockthrown crucified he not because Nazareth was false true the subjects ancient of and

reviled, wavered.ed never he and He only the preached of kingdom God states, Israel true in prophets "The great his a building of withwent on to urged and prepare themselves men their diligent students of prophets were

a systemorganization. developed He for entrance therein, conbut openly he in lacking times. not were They own practical his Christianity.of spent He in places, as wickednss high demned past, did the they appreciation of but

life service in the humanity. of He the did martyred John. denounced He the annihilate the to past not allow

living, clean of the gospelpreached of the religious the legalism of narrow that realized present. Jehovah They

great truly a righteousness. was He Pharisees, struck at the graft and of ages to the of former spoken had men

architect, inspiredspiritual manifestly the in carried Sadducees they which on great, creative truths; they were but

revitalize gospel of the to and renew the precinct the temple. Jesus of was still certain that equally more had he

hearts in ofthe the men. Master truly a in mystic that best sense the of children. his to truth to make known

Dr. Howard R. Driggs, term, but he was not a contemplative They (the true prophets) read the

Professor of English Education recluse. Such men are never crucified. message of Jehovah in the events of

New York University. The nonMormon Seitz has clearly seen the day as an evergrowing and exquality religious Smith's of Joseph ninety the murdered Joseph Smith was bethus panding revelation—Religion activities as lines indithe followingyears June. Everyone enago last knows their hands a constantly came in

that the world has changed tremencate: larging experience; its demands could

dously since the night his sorrowing "It is given to a divine few to be not be met by the mere repetition of friends laid his body in a secret grave botth mystic and practical. Joseph ancient formulas; or by the performnear the east bank of the Mississippi. ance, no matter how zealous, of an

When we compare our modern cities, established ritual; or by the discharge

our means of transportation and our of traditional duties. It must be a

innumerable mechanical slaves and / Shall Recall vital thing, keeping pace with all the wonders with those the prophet was interests of the everchanging world acquainted with, we can hardly forBy Cora May Preble and making its everfresh contributions to rather feeling needs lived that the changing in a ofbear he man."

tosses bronze balls of Autumn social, religious, a time, "primitive"though and political even The cen- 'VKTHEN"chrysanthemums ideals his are striving to obday. separatetury does us not from which we the Across path where welcomes summer

like tain are the quite those Prophet fallit that takes writer granted for The his in valiantly day. championed And asters, white, purple, shellpink, and Whenall lines these accept read Joseph who

if religious loyal to are our lavender. own we inspired divinely a to been haveSmith

recall forth array, in revelations to I shall glad experience God's Peep and will readersprophet. perhaps some But bluegold of days dear one The causes age, Autumn righteous our champion a the question:ask prophet "Can who vanished far disat the our with means modern frontierlived the during on American vistas Into the a of land teardimmed close shall fellowin be we

first posal—then nineteenth thethe decades four of Recall silvered the hours spent you, with spirhis the ship be with Prophet and for acentury heart. message us?"have dear

itual descendents.

are, I where you'll underAnd you know foregoing the questo answer disentangling the My employmeans By stand.

tion is: "Yes, the prophet does have ed by the prophet from the ends for

a message for us even though a century I shall recall when Autumn leaves arc lacwhich he struggled, we shall have little of mechanical progress, a great Civil quered red. trouble in discovering that he has an

War and a World War separate his age And purple haze comes drifting through inspired message for those of us who from ours."He has a prophetic mesthe dusk. are thinking in terms of "ancient times"

tender, loving so softly The whiswords forsage us because he message a had left us "the Deal."has and He New * * pered, I age. hisfor fundamental own The solve dried to plan no cut our and treasure Shall little every precious husk. confront been us whichproblems have social problems; such economic and I shall recall the slender, graceful way your

the problems have which good age, to to men change means age from and hands grappled with from age to age. Men Moved lightly as a pearlgrey dove on confuse the means he used with the

give these important issues new names wing ends he sought would be foreign to the for their particular generation, because The way you walked—and smiled—the spirit of his life and teaching. For in

the old evils form new patterns and way you looked at me such matters as with the more spiritual combinations. But most of our highest To tiny things like these, fond memories things of life, "The letter killeth but

ideals and our worst evils are as old cling! the spirit giveth life."Professor

as human history. Daryl Chase, Principal West Seminary.

September, Education. 1935—MoralWard Teacher s Message,December, 1934 Value of DeOctober, 1935—The

offered in righteousness up on all days The Sacrament all at times; that November, and but remember pendability.1935—Religious Educa-

T ATTERDAY SAINTS should be on this, the Lord's day, thou shalt offer tion. urged to make attendance at Sacthine oblations and thy sacraments December, 1935—Prayer.

rament meeting a regular habit. It is unto the Most High."Nothing could

the one meeting of the Church which be more direct. The command is clear.

the members are directed, by comAttention should be called to the fact Teaching in the Home mandment, to attend. It has been that observance of the Sabbath day is By Charles B. Felt

closely associated, very also comby considered so so important, necessary f-pHE Lord the Lord. of The Word at attendance mandment, Sacrawith to spiritual welfare in so helpful and

shall decreed that people * has His be It meeting. desire is evidently the ment faith strengthening fortifying and

against temptation that the Lord has of our Heavenly Father that the Sacbrought to a unity of the faith, has commanded his people to attend. rament meeting shall be a spiritual benerestored the priesthood and given many

as that instructions exercise to the of the to day. Sabbath Glorious Section 59 of the Doctrine and diction priesthood; others those that among are promises to those made obey who contains the following: Covenants teach, preach, exholding it "shall See these commandments. and Doc.

"And that thou mayest more fully Cov., Sec. 59, Verses 1424. One of pound, exhort, * * * and visit the

keep thyself unspotted from the world, the best resolves a Latterday Saint house of each member, and exhort the thoti shah go to the house of prayer can make is to determine to keep the people to pray vocally and in secret, and offer up thy sacraments on my holy commandments of the Lord and attend and attend to all family duties; and

day; for verily this is a day appointed Sacrament meetings regularly. (Teachstrengthen them, and see that there is

unto you to rest from your labors, and ers should read all of Sec. 59 and call no iniquity in the Church, neither

to pay thy devotions unto the Most attention to the obligation placed upon hardness with each other, neither lyHigh; nevertheless thy vows shall be all members by the Lord.) ing, backbiting, nor evil speaking; and

see that the Church meet together often andduty."—Doc.also see thatandallCov.members20. do their

marriage, is the topic sugTemple the says, I give Again Lord "And to Teachers Message Ward gested for three ahead. March, months that unto a commandment, you you

to be Supplied is Stakes - in July the teach midsummer Sunday the another when doctrine of one

A Teachers'NEW planMonthlyof distributingMessagesWardhas sports,Sabbathhas beenoutingsbreakingconsideredandareanprevalent.otheropportuneformsThistimeof kingdom;gracebe instructedshall teachattendmoreyeyou,perfectlydiligentlythat inyouandtheory,maymy

been announced by the Presiding Bishto discuss the Sabbath day. Tithing in principle, in doctrine, in the law of

opric. In the future the messages will has for several years been the Churchthe gospel, in all things that pertain

be printed in The Improvement Era as wide topic for May. unto the kingdom of God, that are exre- in addition, past in the and upon for you to this It is anticipated that understand."—Doc. new plan pedient

the Presidency, a sufquest Stake from 78. and Cov. 88:77, effectiveness increase greatly will the

reficient will copies of be number thei of throughout Teaching Ward is It reasonof Love. not Test A to each the printed supply from Era assist in being Teachers Church and test able for to us that the of suppose our is It that intended Teacher. not Ward better to carry the prepared monthly it as the for love will the be Lord same delivered arc the to the messages to be

to message members. ward Peter, disclosed the in conas with was the that the Saints of but homes

Teachers will prepare themselves upon versation fround in John 21:1517:

in true missionary then the message and Suggested Topics for to"SoSimonwhen Peter,they hadSimon,dined,sonJesusof Jonas,saitb its spirit discuss with each contents family. For this reason the copies Monthly Ward Teachers'* lovest thou me more than these? He

stake furnished for each will be suffiMessage saithest thatuntoI him.love Yea,thee.Lord;He thousaithknowunto only. cient the Teachers to supply

saith him. lambs. Feed unto He my to permit of will not be There enough Standards. November, 1934—Church time, the son again second Simon, him distribution in homes. Sacrament, December, 1934—The saith lovest Jonas, of thou me? He subjects of for next each month The Prayer. Yea, him. Lord; unto knowest thou January, 1935—Family suggested. year have been have They been selected with the purpose in view February, 1935—Salvation for the that I love thee. He saith unto him.

of meeting the needs of the people as Dead. Feed my sheep. He saith unto him

the third time, of Jonas, son Simon Sealing OrdiMarch, stakes or as possible. nearly Where 1935—The lovest grieved Peter thou me? was SealMarriage, nances. (Temple is it messages wards prepare their own

recommended that the list of topics ing, etc.) because he said unto him the third time,

said lovest unto thou me? And he careful considerasuggested be given April,

all things; 1935—Aaronic Priesthood him, knowest thou Lord as to subject matter and tion, both Standards.

thee. that I love Jesus thou knowest topics sugbeen timeliness. have The May, 1935—Tithlng. sheep."him. Feed unto my gested for the various in view months

June, duties great the properly perform 1935—The Development of saith at existing that time conditions the To of

Character. requires: the teacher authority of is a ward illustrate: year. June of the To month of many marriages. This means July, 1935—The Lord's Day. of the priesthood; a knowledge of the

the work, and a that plans are made in advance of that August, 1935—The Ten Commandgospel; a love for

time. Therefore marriage, stressing ments. determination to do one's duty.

flaronic Priesthood ThreePoint Campaign to start January 1

One Million Assignments to be filled by Aaronic Priesthood Members 1. in 1935.

Every member of the Aaronic Priesthood, of all ages, to be 2. urged to fill one or more assignments in Priesthood work during

the year.

A campaign of Clean Living to be conducted in all Aaronic Priesthood 3. quorums throughout the year. This will include clean thoughts, clean

speech, clean actions, clean bodies and clean living in every respect.

to paractivity reach induce them all and them Reasons for Joining the acMy ticipate of phase quorum in some to beA ARONICthroughoutPRIESTHOODthe Church is motivated to greater intensity than ever tivity is the second step in the ThreeChurch of Jesus Christ

In cooperation Campaign.before to Point campaign by a ThreePoint with of Latterday Saints correlation committees, Sunday School conductedbe year of during the entire

1935. At the semiannual convention and M. I. A. leaders, Aaronic PriestBy R. M. Bryce Thomas, London,

of the Aaronic Priesthood held during hood supervisors should make every England the October Conference this new comeffort to secure some activity from paign was announced by the Presiding every member regardless of age. Where (Continued from October)

are supervisor the adults adult is members ItsBishopric. to reach purpose I facts, these ascertained TLTAVING in to cooperate the should asked be the inevery the person holding Church * to with them then compare had careful record should campaign. to into Priesthood bringAaronic and A of the the of constitution EngChurch every of andtheir lives member benefits made blessings the of be and doctrines ordithe and land with and credit an be given shouldthis great when organization which numnow her. practiced as taught nances and by

is filled. Persistent assignment andbers approximately members. 80,000

It evident quite to to appeared be me effort in consistent the should made, be if as primitive that planted the church spirit induce to missionary work, of is First Activity built Christ Jesus Phase His up and by by fill assignment, to every some member its all orservants, with and a Apostles for the sake not of merely making First phases. has three campaignyHE not been ganization powers, and had to "for the record trying of purpose but is activity the phase. Based upon its in percompleteness maintained and interest in Priesthood arouse work. an is activity basis principle thatthe the if fection, doctrines Christ's of any or

of interest and that we are interested in had been altered, or His ordinances the things to which we devote some Educational Phase to be changed in any one respect without due attention or service, the plan contemplates a material in increase activity Stressed authority,about throughthis falsecouldteachersonly havearisingcomein among quorum members. 1,000,000 pHE third phase of the campaign is the church, as St. Paul had predicted

assignments during the year is the goal. * educational. Its aim is to hgve all would be the case after his days. (2

This will mean an increase of approxileaders teach and emphasize the prinTim. 4:3, 4.) I felt that I should

mately 35% over 1934. Each stake ciples of clean living. One of the outthen be compelled to admit that the

will be asked to accept its share of the standing needs of the hour is to teach Church of England had fallen into assignments and then by dividing the our young people to be clean. The error, and that therefore the texts in

number among the wards of the stake Savior said, "Be "ye clean'."This the scriptures regarding the latter day

motivate additional activity among the should be the foundation of our teachapostasy could not but refer to her as various quorums. As the teaching of ing. Cleanliness of thought, speech well as to the other churches of Chriseach member in his duties in the and action, cleanliness of body and tendom which were teaching and pracAaronic Priesthood and giving opporclean living in every respect are taught ticing a gospel not in accordance with

tunity for functioning in the Priestby the Gospel. This phase of the plan that found in the Bible. And further

hood calling is the first and foremost includes teaching of the Word of Wisthat the following inspired prophecy of duty of every quorum this phase of the dom with all that this great document Isaiah pointed to her equally as much work has been given first position in implies. as to the other churches: "The earth

the plan. With these three definite objectives also is defiled under the inhabitants

as a guide it is anticipated that inthereof, because they have transgressed

Missionary Phase Important creased activity will result in every the laws, changed the ordinance, broken stake and ward in the Church. the everlasting covenant"(Isa. 24.5),

yHE second phase of the 1935 camThe Improvement Era each month or, in other words, apostatized. One

paign is the missionary phase. The during the coming year will contain of the Latterday Saints has very apnumber of members of the Aaronic information and suggestions for carrypropriately written the following words

Priesthood who do not participate in ing on the campaign. See the Dein this connection. "It is contrary to

quorum activities is far too great. To cember Era for complete details. scripture and to reason to suppose that

One Million Assignments Every Aaronic PriestAll Leaders to Teach 1. IN 1935. 2, hood Member to fill one 3, Clean Living—-Thoughts OR more Assignments.—Speech—Actions.

..

680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1934

Christ would set up two or more dishe commenced quoting the prophecies earth; (c) What will occupy the time

cordant religious systems to distract of the Old Testament. He first quoted and energies of the people; (d) Satan

mankind, and cause strife and contenpart of the third chapter of Malachi, Bound; (e) Condition of the earth.

tion. God cannot create confusion. and he quoted also the fourth or last 4. Close of Millennium. Satan ReHis mind is one, the minds of men are chapter of the same prophecy, though leased for a season,

various, so that when we see various with a little variation from the way 5. Celcstialization of the earth afopposing religions in Christendom, it it reads in our Bibles. Instead of quotter it receives its paradisiacal glory.

is conclusive evidence that men have ing the first verse as it reads in our 6. Tenth Article of Faith, "We bebeen engaged in their invention, and books, he quoted it thus: lieve in the literal gathering of Israel

that they have established but very "37. For behold, the day cometh and in the restoration of the Ten

imperfect imitations of the true Church that shall burn as an oven, and all the Tribes; that Zion will be built upon

of Christ."(See Mormon Doctrine, proud, yea, and all that do wickedly, this (the American) continent; that

Sixth Leaf.) shall burn as stubble; or they that come Christ will reign personally uopn the

The true church must always conshall burn them, saith the Lord of earth; and, that the earth will be reform to the pattern of the primitive Hosts, that it shall leave them neither newed and receive its paradisiacal

church of Jesus Christ and His Aposroot nor branch. glory."

tles in every respect, unless there is "38. And again, he quoted the fifth (The importance of the subject

clear and indisputable authority in the verse thus: Behold, I will reveal unto matter contained in this lesson may

scriptures for a divergence in any paryou the priesthood, by the hand of justify its division into two lessons.)

ticular, and I have not been able to find Elijah the prophet, before the coming any such authority in any portion of of the great and dreadful day of the References the New Testament. So that if the Lord. Compendium, pages 29 to 83; 185

Church of England (for that is the "39. He also quoted the next verse to 188 with all scriptural references.

only church with which I am condifferently: And he shall plant in the Articles of Faith by Talmage, Leccerned at present) is dissimilar in her hearts of the children the promises tures 20 and 21, pages 367 to 405

organization or in her doctrines and rriade to the fathers, and the hearts of with all scriptural references.

ordinances from the primitive church, the children shall turn to their fathers;

she can be but a very imperfect imitaif it were not so, the whole earth would Lesson TwentyEight tion of the church at best. be utterly wasted at his coming, 1. The Law of Sacrifice.

(To be Continued) "40. In addition to these, he quoted 2. Sacrifices from Adam to Noah.

the eleventh chapter of Isaiah, saying 3. Sacrifices at Adamondi-Ahman.

Joseph Smithes Own Story quotedthat it wasalso aboutthe thirdto bechapterfulfilled.of Acts,He 4.5. SacrificesSacrifices fromat timeNoahof Moses—theto Jacob.

verses, twentysecond twentythird and Passover. his Extracts from History precisely in as they stand our 6. New Sacrifices in Kingdoms of Israel in 1838 Written

that said that Testament. prophet He Judah. and

(Continued from October) was Christ; but the day had not yet 7. Sacrifices to Heathen Gods.

hear they not come would when who 8. The Great Sacrifice—Jesus "32. Not only was his robe exhis voice cut should be off from among Christ.

ceedingly white, but his whole person the people, but would soon come. 9. Sacrament (Brief)

description,was and glorious beyond "41. also the second quoted He 10. Restoration of Sacrifices—Sonshis like lightning. truly countenance Joel, chapter of the twentyeighth from etc. Levi, of

The room was extremely light, but not verse to the last. He also said that IL Individual Sacrifices, Conseso very bright as immediately around this was not yet fulfilled, but was soon cration, Tithing (Brief)

his person. When I first looked upon to be. And he further stated that the

him I was afraid; but the fear soon left fulness of the Gentiles was soon to References

me. pasother come in. He quoted many Bible Smith, Dictionary by Wm.

offered of scripture, "33. He called me by name, and sages and many also L. L. D., pages 5 77. 579; 578,

said unto me that he was a messenger explanations which cannot be menPassover, pages 484, 485, 486. See

sent from the presence of God to me, tioned here. {To be Continued) references Bible Treasury Concordance

and that his name was Moroni; that under Sacrifices (n), pages 228, 229.

for a to do; had and that workGod me Bible the to Compendium Adult Aaronic for should be had and goodmy name 134, pages Priesthood CambridgeDictionary—Sacrifices,evil all nations, kindreds, among and Lessons Abraof 135. Moses 5:6,7; Book

ittongues, or that should both be good fascimile See 1:6-18. from Ch. Elder Prepared Skidham, George by W. all evil people. of spokenand among 1. the Matt. of No. Abraham Book Priesthood Adult more, Aaronic "34. said there de- a was book He 15:13. 24:7; 20:19; Luke Mark Supervisor, Logan Ninth Ward,posited, plates, givwritten gold upon is all crucifixion there and Read on the Stake Cache the inhabiaccount ofing an former in resurrection the Christ Gosof four

thistants continent, the source of October) (Continued and from pels the of Testament. and Doc. New

also said sprang. they whencefrom He Sec. Sec. Medi13. Cov., 20:7579; Lesson TwentySeven

fulness the everlastingthat the Gosof Taylor, ation and by John Atonement of Second Coming it, as in deliveredpel contained was Christ—City by Sec. 70. pages Cov., 69, Doc. and at of His Cominhabitants; ancient tothe the Savior 1.Enoch—Resurrection 42:3036. Compendium, 64:23; ing. "35. there that Also, were two Price, Pearl Great pages of 247249; 2. Jesus Christ Zion to Reign from silver stones, in thesestones 17, 18. Jewish bows—and 7:16, Moses WorJerusalem. from and breastplate, a to constitutedfastened

etc., ship, Bible in Feasts, page 328 (a) 3. Millennial The is called the andwhat Urim Thummim Lessons, Treasury. School (Sunday Reign—live the will Duration; (b) on Who the plates; the with and Quarter, Doctrine—deposited Gospel Class—First these use stonespossession were of and Sacrifices 8, 25. note page Lesson 4,

what constituted "seers"in ancient or "There are no songs comparable restored.) (To be Continued)

times; andformer had that God the Zion, preto of songs no orations—tOifSatranslat- of forpared the purpose them equal those of to the prophets."

ing the book.

"36. Milton. yHE"129Prophetyears agoJosephon DecemberSmith was 23.born After telling me these things.

68 f

jt?s

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

I. A. Y. M. STREET W. MAIN NORTH I. A. Y. M. M. CITY, UTAH SOSALT LAKE FOX, RUTH MAY SMITH. GEORGE ALBERT CANNON, GRANT LUCY R. LYMAN, RICHARD A. BEESLEY, CLARISSA Y. Offices M. I. A. General W. BALLARD, MELVIN ELSIE HOGAN BUILDING BISHOP'S A.J. OSCAR KIRKHAM Secretary Executive CITY, Secretary Executive UTAH SALT33 LAKE

II iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiini niiiHiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiii iiiiiii iiiiiiiu.i i iiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiu iiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimimmiiiiiniiiiniiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiliilii iiiiiminiimiiimmmiiinmmiiiiiiiimm.

fl Resolution of Respect to the Memory of Our Beloved Friend FellowWorker in the M. 1. A. and Former General

Superintendent President Anthony W. Ivins

in the Church, associates his adopt L. S. Church m the that To con- D. painstaking, posed CONGENIAL, A

organizations; other in the State the and its for boys as a part of work effective scientious, dignified and excellent cultured and his to devoted, of Scouts the of elaborate Boy program all the in the interests of youthworker

days of his life. America. wife; to the members of his fine family

Even from childhood, with his outAnd Scouting was but one of his and to all his kindred and his multitude standing and unusual mental equipoutstanding interests not only in the of friends, we, members of the General ment, this modest man showed strong youth of the Church but in young Boards of the Mutual Improvement elements of leadership. In his young people everywhere. Because of his Associations of the Church send our

manhood in St. George because of his lifelong devotion to the cause of love, our sympathy and our blessings.

natural ability, he was selected as presyouth, because of his outstanding abilMay his children and his children's, ident of one of the first Young Men's ity, and knowledge and scholarship we children to the last generation be amMutual Improvement Associations of shall miss him, his devotion to our bitious to follow the example of their the Church. cause and his unceasing support. distinguished ancestor so as to bring,

While President Ivins had strong It was a fitting climax to his lifehonor and credit to the family name religious convictions and an unwavertime of faithful, prayerful and efficient which his noble and glorious record ing faith in the doctrines, practices and service to the Church that the opporof achievement has made truly great.

divinity of the Church, with his untunity came to him to serve as he has General Boards of the Mutual Improveusual clearness of vision, he could aldone, effectively, these many years as ment Associations of the Church, ways see the good that existed in other first counselor in the Presidency of the George Albert Smith, General Supt.

people, in other churches and in other Church. Members of the General Richard R. Lyman, First Assistant.

organizations. And because of this Boards of the Mutual Improvement Mclvin J. Ballard, Second Assistant.

pronounced characteristic in him, it is Associations regard it as an honor to Ruth May Fox, General President.

easy to see why he so readily and with have associated with this dignified and Lucy G. Cannon, First Counselor.

such earnestness and enthusiasm prooutstanding leader for so many years. Clarissa A. Beesley, Second Coua.

>- -IC*!*- -<*

Frofn The Washington Pageantthe Capitol,OctoberMarie5 on theMooreeast plazaForrest,of stafffor theof spectacle.men in preparing the Capitol

Posty'Washingtony D. C.y pageant director, announced today. Scene directors named yesterday are:

September 27, 1934 theTheYoungparticipantsMen's andwillYoungbe chosenWomen'sfrom Scene I, Capt. Wilbur C. Young,

Mutual Improvement Associations of commander of Corps 4, the SalvaII, Estelle WentScene tion Army; in Washington. the Church Mormon

opera;Pageant Adds Mormon Scene director of her own this group, worth, selection of the With

the from III, in which 150 persons casting naming of directors and theYouth To Huge Cast groups, dramatic Center of FedCommunity Cooperation completed. was

eral and District officials, business the Henry W, Spanglcr Post of the

Group to Depict Spirit houses, civic groups, churches and American Legion, and the Marian of Pioneers; Fete Set 1,000 unemployed of the city is makChace dancers appear, Mary Olive

ell, assisted by Mrs. Mary O'Conn spectacle. possible the colorful for October 5. ing Scene Anderson IV, Robert Cromwell; arc in at the Capitol Arrangements

TEPICTING the cooperative spirit charge of David Lynn, Capitol archiof the Washington Mormon Church;

that actuated their forbears in the tect, and Arthur E. Cook, supervising Scenes VI to IX, inclusive, members of

colonizing of western wildernesses, 100 engineer of the building, who has dithe Transient Bureau; directed by

descendants of the Mormon pioneers rected the settings for numerous district Charles J. McCubbin, recreation diwill appear in the SelfHelp Patriotic pageants. Mr. Cook is directing a large rector, and Sarah Elizabeth Beatty.

82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. NOVEMBER. 1934

tinuing the subject are introducing 3rd Tuesday: Presentation of sceneMusic

outlines. original tragedy. Wasatch Stake is from

TT is hoped that all wards have now presenting the following outline:

organized either a men's, ladies'or Third Month chorus. wardsmixed can conMany all First Month comedy,1 St Tuesday:having aDiscussionparticularofscenefarce seof these groups; some, duct two

three. For list of selections sec Oc1st Tuesday: Makeup demonstralected for casting and criticism by class

tober Era, It is recommended that all tion of leading characters; what we call members.

stake and ward music directors read straight makeup. Members of class 3rd Tuesday; Presentation of scene

one good book on music for general to be used in demonstration and all from drama.

education and inspiration. participating in the criticism and the Fourth Month

discussion. 1st Tuesday: Same treatment of

Drama 3rd Tuesday: Makeup demonstra- a drama,

tion of character studies. Subjects to 3rd Tuesday: Presentation of scene

7\ LL groups interested in Drama Apbe suggested by class in previous meetfrom farcecomedy.- preciation who did not take up ing. All of this to be correlated with

this subject last year are using the our Appreciation Course of last year

Drama manual published by the Genand this year's Supplement.

eral Board in 1933, together with supSecond Month All wards who have not yet organplementary material (obtained from 1st Tuesday; Discussion of a ized casts for the four new plays conthe General Offices at 5c per copy). tragedy, having a particular scene setained in the Book of Plays, should do

Groups who studied the Apprecialected for casting and criticism by class so at once. These plays are easy to

tion manual last year and who are conmembers. stage and have a fine appeal.

A Picture of the Activity Program as Seen by One M, I, A. Worker

OHOWING possible opportunities be maintained; this is the responsibility making them as nearly uniform as

for big Stake exhibitions, tournaof all ward Community Activity possible throughout the stakes. "Only

ments or festivals. Modifications may Directors. Stake Committees at my best is good enough"should be the

he made by each Stake. Union Meetings and at special instithought inspiring every individual and

A high standard of excellence must tutes are raising the standards and group participating in this program.

Drama Dancing Music TellingStory ReadingHobbiesand Speech 'Conversation ConductSocial

October Appreciation Courses select ed by the de partments, ea ch continuing 7 evenings.

November

EveEve- Sunday Sunday ReBook Joint ning Joint ning views, PreSession. Session.December Preliminary Pretions.Demonstta- * liminary liminary

Proyrams. Programs. Programs.

Evedances Sunday EveSunday New FestiStake in ning connection Joint Joint ning with

Session. Session. Prewith PreGold

critiJanuary expertval liminary liminary and Green cism.

Balls. Programs. Programs.

Sunday EveSunday EveSpecial Proning Joint ning Joint

February gram or Session. PreSession, PreFestival. liminary liminary

Programs. Programs.

Appreciation Courses scle cted by the d epartments, e ach continuin g for 7 even ings.

EveEve- Sunday Sunday Demonstraning Joint Joint ning tion on Pre- - Session. Session. PrePre-March

liminary liminary liminary Programs. Programs. Programs.

Sunday Joint ning EveBook ReningSundayJointEve- views. PreSession.April Session. PrePre- Demonstrations. liminary liminary liminary

Programs. Programs. Programs.

EveSunday EveSunday Joint ning ning Joint Hobby ExMay Session. Prehibits in Session. Preliminary Stakes. liminary

Programs. Programs.

Ward atfd St ake Honor D ay Programs. All features demonstrated.

June Church Edu cational Meet in connection with June Co nference at w hich training g and demon tration will be 1 given.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. NOVEMBER. 1934 683

Program for December Sunday Evening Joint 1. "O Say What Is Truth."

2. Prayer—an Adult. 3. Music—-instrumental or vocal.

(See suggestions on page 620 of the

October Improvement Em.)

4. The Slogan—A six to ten minute address by one who is studying

speech. 5. A Retold Story—by one studying the appreciation course. (See The

Leader for stories to tell or get them from other sources including The Improvement Era.

6. Vocal number—Chorus.

7. The Sermon on some such topic

as "Joseph Smith, a Religious Leader,""The Personality of Jesus,""The

Spirit of Christmas."

8. Chorus—Ladies'or Men's ELABORATE PICTURE the piece. The word "measure"would

Chorus. GOLD AND GREEN BALL be a better word to use than "time."

9. Benediction. Tempo is the rate of speed. The

Alleas Largo, at the be-> =4 descriptivegro, etc., whichwords aresuchplaced

Choral Music and ginningrelative terms.of the Ifselection,one wishesare merelyto be

Rvt of Conducting morefollownearlythe metronomecorrect thecount.best plan is to

{Continued from page 675) To keep from going flat as one goes.,4 up the scale he should think higher;

this will assist him in staying on the the baton and the appearance would be pitch. When going down the scale

so much better. The baton should be one should think less low which will

held easily between the fingers as one keep him from getting fiat. If a tone

holds a piece of chalk. The baton is is sharpened it is an indication that the

to indicate the accent and not necessarindividual is slightly deaf or else that ily to beat time. The mechanical part the tone has been overemphasized.

should be forgotten. A good conducOften singers have a tendency to go

tor is one who makes very few motions. fiat when they sing softly. This is

The technique of the baton is as due more to mental condition than illustrated on page 675. anything else; the individual should

The word "time"is usually used learn to think higher which will elimito mean what the count is to each nate this difficulty. As soon as the

measure. This, however, is not the LIBERTY BRANCH conductor hears that the singers are

correct word for the meaning. "Time"GOLD AND GREEN BALL going flat he may warn them by pointreally means how long it takes to sing ing upward with one finger.

There are many things which go to make up the perfect rendition. One

important phase especially is the pronunciation of words. The dictionary should be the conductor's guide.

The "ch"sound in words should be softened. In the word "rapture"the

"ch"sound should not be noticeable.

In the word "righteousness"there should be no "ch"sound. One should

also be careful to make the "ar"sound of words as if it were spelled "ahr."An

example is the word "paradise,"the "a"should be broadened as if it were spelled "ahr."The word "carry"is

another word in this class. The short

"i"should not be pronounced as an "a,"as in the word charity. The "o"

vowel should be rounded as this gives more beautiful tone quality. The "o"

is a perfect vowel; it is a combination

of all other vowels. In directing the

conductor may indicate the rounding

VERNAL FATHERS AND SONS of tones by holding up his hand in an

Submitted by Harold E. Hullinger oval shape. {Continued on page 692)

SeekWisdom and Entertainment in the Reading Course Books

The Life of Golden Despitegreat libraryour loveof forHebrewthe Bible,literature.howoffensivelysomething longfacedmoralistic andaboutaccusatory.that

KimbalP'ever, many of us know but little about We had best trust the more generous

By Claude Richards it. Bruce Barton, a contemporary view of the poet Masefield, when he

journalist of unusual gifts which comwrites: 'The hours that make us happy

CENIORS, Claude Richards has made bine popular philosophy and an intermake us wise'."

it possible for you to walk with esting journalistic style, has written Allow me to quote just two senand talk with this veteran pioneer this interesting book about the Book tences from his chapter—"Being

whose life has almost spanned the Morof Books. Alone;""But the urgency is on us

mon adventure in Utah. Here are Young fellows of Vanguard age to be 'whole.'When we stand alone

humor and pathos, wisdom, instrucusually like to ask questions. Mr. under a night of stars, or think our

tion, and doctrine all woven into one Barton has anticipated about all the quiet thoughts in a garden or on a splendid volume. Mr. Richards, a questions a livewire can think of about mountaintop, or let ourselves range at

lover of J. Golden, allows the preacherthe Bible and has answered them in a will in converse with some individual

humorist to tell in his own words much manner which makes his book readable long since passed away, we gather ourof his own life, many of his pioneer to the nth power. selves to ourselves."

experiences. Oh, no, President Kimsit ball did not with his down biog- ''The New Testamenf'"SmokyS'reel off rapher in a prosaic and manner

the incidents of his life. Mr. Richards, By Will James through painstaking care, assembled "The Southerners OMOKY, as nearly everybody now the flashes from the beloved Preacher's By Dixon "knows, is a horse—and what a

many sermons when under the inspirahorse! He is a sort of a one man horse,

tion of an important occasion he gave "Heroines of Service'but he can perform most anywhere, glimpses of his own life. By Parkinson especially in the rodeos. He was a

terror to bread and the cowboy whose this like will and You book Gleaners a choice of have find in pHE either butter in his staying depended upon it to delightbuild about much which three "or all of the books. above the saddle.ful in conversation gatherings. your

All of them are just what anyone Will James, the author, lives on the where in Montana, Besides beingSIrategy in Handling wouldJust choosethink howto readoneanyway.would thrill to heRockinghas manyR RanchSmokies.

People'get a letter from a man who had walked a cowboy who can ride and rope and

By Webb and Morgan and talked with and loved the Savior bulldog, he is an artist who, with a of the in Well, the World! TesNew strokes few of the pen, a can draw

is all a to forTJTERE executives book letters. tament one have such may many a steer. horse or the has answers He

read, is for as handling people girls a All love also love all to questions, cowboy and he can story—theyimportant in the I. A. organizations M. love Lincoln. In Abraham "The usually answer them with drawings.

itas is in or other banks corporations. is Southerner,"the Abrawho, by way is illustrated. well "Smoky"The

Lincoln, has ham Dixon Thomas given pictures make the scenes live. up—perunus a lovely picture the great of emanyear—that's"Three thousandwhatdollarsconscientious,and

stinted participation in activity church cipator the slaves of intertwined and in "William Claytons to worth in cashmay be a young man, interest. it a great deal of heart "The

if his effort is skillfully applied. It is Southerner"is a "swell"book. JournaP

worth almost to a comparable amount pictures presents book The third Here men love adventure. of VOUNG

Earla young J. Glade, woman."great deeds for done women who have is the opportunity for all of them

manager of RSL, in the August number humanity. Surely every girl will read to walk or ride on horseback or in a

of "The Improvement Era."This at least one of these books. Some will prairie schooner across the vast plains

reading course book for executives is surely read all of them. with that first company in which were

a way to power. found such empire builders as Brigham

"A Guide to Civilized Young, Erastus Snow, Wilford Wood- ''The Book That Nobody Loafingss ruff, George A. Smith, Parley P. Pratt

Knows'By Overstreet andWilliammany others.Clayton, a convert from

By Bruce Barton 7\ H, Adults, here is a book for you! England, has performed a service for

TATHEN many of us think of the "In fact, it is a book for all of us. which the Church and the West may

finest stories we have ever heard, In his foreword Overstreet says: "It is be everlastingly grateful. In it are to

we think of those matchless tales about sometimes suggested that people must be found the joys and struggles of that the great, yet human, heroes to be be taught to improve themselves in first great journey of the Saints to Salt found within the lids of the Bible, that their leisure time. There is something Lake Valley. You'll like this narration..

office the in the and the names money Can We Make the Quota registered the subscription on LIST OF WARDS HAVING a Minimum? REACHED THEIR QUOTA Before we could get this page preparedlists.

other wards came in with their full

TF the momentum generated in wards Ward Stake quotas. They will be reported next

can be before stakes Eva 1. and Week Croydon Morgan 10. boxed The month—November

2. 4th....Montpelier Montpelier until kept list up gives the the order in wards which Em Month—October

3....Mt. 17th Ogden Ogden past, the sub14-November over. went 14—is 4. El...Hollywood Segundo list scription of Eta Improvement The

5. Montpelier..Montpelier 2nd.

diswill longer be widely and more 6. Manilla Timpanogos Bulletins Last Minute this tributed at year than coming any 7....Montpelier Alton

previous time in the history of the 8. Bern..Montpelier Snowflake Stake, Arizona,

magazine, with the possible exception 9. Geneva -.Montpelier October 14.

of the first year following the "mar10. Virgin...Zion Park Elder George Albert Smith,

riage"of the Era and Young Women's 11. Boyle Heights......Hollywood Era OflFice, Salt Lake City.

12...Montpelier Wardboro Journal. in stake Every over ward in top four 13...Montpelier Georgetown the also Committee, and The Era today. hours 14...Montpelier Nounan are Board, the pleased General with Signed: F. S. Smith, D. Bush- M. 15....Zion Springdale Park

in stakes the whichmanner wards and Fillerup, Vilda man, Gcrda 3rd.. 16. Montpelier..Montpelier

of the Church are taking hold of the 17. Bennington..Montpelier H. Flake, WiU C. Smith.

project. All are awaiting eagerly the 18. La Verkin...Zion Park

results of the Week's endeavor. 19. Raymond..Montpelier

The quota—based upon 7V2 per 20. Pegrani...Zion Park Maricopa Stake, Arizona,

October 17 21. Cokeville..Montpelier the cent of Church population—ought The Era, Improvement 22. Dingle..Montpelier to the be the not minibut maximum, 50 Salt North Main, City Lake 1st.. 23. Montpelier..Montpelier goal for wards, for reason themum 24.....Salt in Every 16th Maricopa Stake over Ward Lake that a the "over go top"ward may last 25. the top No. night Farmington....So. with Davis one hundred

by having an Era in only one out of 26. Rockville...Zion Park percent or more Improvement Era Subabout every three homes. In reality, 27. McKinnon Lyman scription quota. Mailing subscriptions

for the good of the Church and its 28. Greenville Beaver and check this morning.

people, it should be in considerably 29. Nibley Hyrum Douglas H. Driggs,

more homes than that. Perhaps, 30. Union Union Stake Era Director.

someday, we shall be able in all of the 31. Idaho Falls 3rd..Idaho Falls

wards, to make the quota a minimum.

Twin Falls Stake, October 18.

Montpelier Stake Over the by the ward directors. The cards then Improvement Era,

Top First shouldsame solicitorsbe placedor differentin the handsones, ofas thethe 50 TwinNorthFallsMain.Stake Over Top subscripreports the cards to on tions would seem in mail. now

over went]y]-ONTPELIER STAKE indicate. Alice Richins. J. first this year, the every with top

is followup quite The imwork its are reaching quota.ward They portant. Directors certain should be telegrams These indicate that three eagerly in engaged followupnow that every family at least has opstakes two definitely were the top over by effort in to stake the out an putwork portunities visit to October 17. with wellinformed shall doubt No we have forin lead prizes those cash of one other reports many like agents Era the the before who week magazine and will April. in be awardedwhich Good is it over, will but list impossible be to it contains. what know

luck, Montpelier! Fine work. here. them will They appear next

At least one ward last year had an month.

Era in every home; several reached very

JJse the Card System for high percentages. There is no reason Lovell, Wyoming.

Followup Work for folding up and saying, "It is all Dear Editors over."Church saving of "It was such a splendid thing for work—the you

the building of Latterday SaintyHOSE wards which have made out souls, to give opportunity an for writers new a complete list of their families on morale, is never over. Era agents are to try themselves at writing. It is so

the cards furnished free by The Imhome missionaries doing a splendid hard for one to get started. Especially

provement Era, are now in a position work for the Church and for the inwhen one lacks the technique of exto follow up their subscription work dividuals whom they visit. pression and construction as I do. * *

in a businesslike manner. The "I must tell you how we love and

solicitors who called at the homes first look forward to the Era. It brings a

light of peace to and gladness our ThirtyOne Wards writtenhave cards those anNow on what it is home, although often quite a families the headsswer the of gave 'Over struggle to raise its dollars two for asked for subscriptions. Inwhen many subscription for tillers are we of the

cases they call to invited were again. the of PHIRTYone wards Church, soil. is Yet issue each easily worth the

Notes and dates should be on the cards including all of the wards in Montsubscription price."

which should be gone over carefully pelier Stake, are now over the top Valeria P. Walker.

68c READ "A GUIDE TO CIVILIZED LOAFING''

.,&!!&,<!/ \<finrfni.ifc Srj C*- "i 'W

LEARN TO LIVE JOYOUSLY The Essential Characteristic of Man is His Improvableness.—Fiske

set recitation every eyes of never beaim on e. The

interest, toA Rare Opportunity should arouse cause of they be to awaken what him—perhapshad been told by

TT is our privilege this season in the thought, in the class. This is done those who had seen and heard him.

Adult Department, to be introduced through two ways: (1) by relating d. Now, much of this impelling

to a man who more and more is beeverything discussed to what is going personality can be caught by us of the coming known as one of the most on today and (2) by letting the class present generation. But it must be

talking, the where possible. do When reading through done studyremarkable Smith. of his and Americans—Joseph to a contributed have something we this reading thought. to us But life andMoreover, he is to be presented

by a writer who has spent thirty years recitation, we think it has been worth must be wide and intimate. That is,

in becoming intimately acquainted with while! we must know more about Joseph

the his teachconventionalities than Smith,Joseph and the man An Impelling Personality Smith of have been accustomed to. Evans, author Henry which weings. John

our manual, "The Leadership of Jos- a. When he was alive, Joseph Smith We must live with him, as he went

eph Smith,"suggests: aroused the keenest interest in everyone through his unusual career.

a. The more the class leaders (and who met him—respect, admiration, in e. The world of our time is beginfor that matter the members ning to see the greatness of

as well) can know on the the Mormon prophet. A

subject studied, the better. minister in Rochester has

No leader, however, should ADULT CALENDAR come to believe, he says, that thisattempt to present informaual without ManMAINTAIN THE TIME SCHEDULE Josephmost remarkableSmith is oneof Ameriof the more tion about Joseph Smith (See Manual, Page 3 ) cans. A professor in a Caliinthan is to be found

thereManual. should the NOVEMBER fornia"Big Mormon."college thinksAnhimAusthe He

fore look about him to see 1st Tuesday Appreciation Course trian surgeon has come to where he can get the infor2nd Tuesday Manual, Chapter 4 look on him as the greatest mation and the inspiration 3rd Tuesday Appreciation Course of Americans. All this has

inthe reading throughnecessary to treat the subject 4th Tuesday Manual, Chapter 5 come his life.properly. timate details of By

b. Perhaps the best book reading these same details,

for this purpose, in view of we, too, may come to look the fact that the present Manual is based nonMormons; undying love, almost upon him in his true light as one of

on it, is the book entitled, Joseph adoration, in those who belonged to the greatest figures of history."

Smith: An Americari Prophet (pubthe Church. Parley P. Pratt came John Henry Evan's book, Joseph

lished by the Macmillan Company of from Ohio to see him; Orson Pratt, Smith: An American Prophet, is atNew York). Besides giving the requifrom New York; Sidney Rigdon and tracting nationwide attention. Since

site information on the life of the Edward Partridge, from Ohio; John our Manual is really based upon it, we

Prophet, it presents his teachings in a Taylor, from Canada; Brigham wish to emphasize the importance of

systematic order, with the human inYoung, from Vermont; Willard Richhaving access to it for reference and

terest values in the man and his teachards and Orson Spencer, from Massasuggest that each Adult Group procure ings. chusetts; Charles C. Rich, from Illi- a copy. A few cents contributed by

c. Other works on the same subject nois; and others, from other parts of each member of the department will

are: Life of Joseph Smith, by George the nation. Also, strangers came even enable the Leader to purchase the book

Q. Cannon; Documentary History of from other countries to see him. for the use of the group.

the Church, by Joesph Smith himself; b. In no case were the converts to

disillusioned course,and, of the Doctrine Mormonism and Coveon meeting Stake Adult Leaders thenants Prophet. and This is extraordinary. the Book of Mormon.

d. The Manual, however, should High as were their thoughts and hopes, TF you have not already done so, we

not be taught as historical matter. The on hearing of the new prophet, yet they suggest that at your next Union

topics should always be viewed and were never disappointed when they saw Meeting, you review carefully with the taught in the light of their current him. It was the same with the nonWard Adult Leaders our Ijook, "A

history. Class leaders are all too prone Mormons. In nearly every instance, Guide to Civilized Loafing."See toto hold the subject discussed up in the they went away after seeing him declarit that they become familiar with this,

air. Only students, those who have ing him to be an extraordinary man. helpful book at once. It will do more

academic interests, are concerned, as a Josiah Quincy for example. than any other single piece of reading,

rule, with things that have only his- c. The reason for this intense inat hand perhaps, to give them the

torical or doctrinal value. But everyterest in him lay partly in Joseph vision they need for carrying on our

one is interested in current events. HisSmith's personality. He was truly an broad program. It will unquestiontory has little value to anyone now exceptional man. He had great charm, ably be profitable to discuss, as Leaders,

living unless it throws light on life winning ways. And this charm extendmuch of the book. Every Ward Group

today. ed to those of the Saints who had should also discuss it fully.

ii.WlAl.ttoyr mAP#;&Sguu> Ai,j[iW.ill'1J <JUa

'Enlistment mere interchange of thought in conKimball,"by Claude Richards.

versation. Dear Golden:

pNLISTMENT is more than a job So worthwhile to the happiness and Today, you reach your eightieth for the opening social or the opensuccess of every individual is the milestone in the journey of life.

language, the mastery of and trail power It has a been long winding and allyear endeavor. is aning class—it conversation, that of everyone the land of dreams, toward namely, our a chalcharm has Leader Senior ClassThe

lenge and should meet it by organizing should set up as one of his definite eternal life.

for a continuous enlistment campaign. ideals, that of becoming an interesting I, too, have traveled over it nearly

Some class leaders appoint or have a year longer than you have. Our exthe class members appoint an enlistperiences have been somewhat similar.

ment or attendance committee whose The Lord has been good to me, as I duty it is to assist in encouraging eliNotes from the Field feel that He has been to you.

I tell writing this to that you amgible their Seniors meetings, to attend will Senior Committee be JHE full esteem, confidence have you and mysocials, things. such forums, open and to notes pleased have from

I finish, that to pray and and you when card has helpsystem been found A class class leaders and members is to. lives, likely mortal our not which inful a of All those wards. number stakes wards and of various of

who are between the ages of 24 and 3 5 the Church. They will also welbe far distant, we may both be apinclusive are listed on individual cards come from Stake Supervisors proved of the Great Judge before whom

which are kept by the class leader. suggestions for making the we must appear to be judged by our

These cards bear not only the names Union Meeting function better. faith and works.

typeshould notes These be Sister Ivins tell to charged me you class eligible addresses the ofand mempossible written though when she friends is one of your admirers. andbers, interests capabilities their but and will the acceptable as if ink be brother, Your well.as to dealing out proper them By is plain writing proper and (Signed) Ivins. A, W. is a systematic carpersons followup especially, carefully are names,

ried on during the entire mutual season. written. Notes should not exThere are this year 1 6 class periods ceed 100 words and should be as Can Science and Religion

and 16 appreciation course periods much shorter as the subject plus three open Tuesday evenings matter will permit. We hope, Be Harmonized?

will that hurt however, one be no are activities. to for be usedwhich An article this stimulating in issue yHE fail to notes if submitted appear all to should be of haveattempt made

this as page. space As on Read, P. of by many Waldemer author sessionsthese attended. well Those will will published. permit be the Senior Manual, for Quest "The themselves twice absent or morewho to like would Committee The Living,"Complete be read should by sessions the should be of anyfrom successes diffiand know of senior. every Professor Does Readvisited persons. wisely wise Perby culties. Address: Class Senior believe they so, can If be harmonized? visit this at will be the abhaps St., made North Committee, 50 Main

it can be done? how place social at business,sentee's Salt a or City, of Utah. Lake

other place where the opportunity presents itself. Magazine Articles

Adult education is very popular just companion to friends in the matter of Worth Reading now. In this Senior Class program conversation.

is to be found a liberal education if A good conversationalist not only "The Man Among Men,"by the members will accept it as a genuine gives pleasure to others, but he develops Charles Hall Perry, Scribner's MagaoppKjrtunity to grow intellectually and through his conversation, his own zine, April. 1934. (See Readers'Diculturally. powers of thinking, of organizing, of gest, Aug. and Sept., 1934.)

The Class Leader should not despair, finding the fine and beautiful shades "Savages are People Too,"by Desbut should keep his class organization of meaning in words. mond Holdridgc, Harper's Magazine,.

unimpaired and working throughout Someone has said: "Power to use April, 1934. (See Readers Digest,

the season. our language effectively is a necessary August, 1934.)

The Senior Committee will be glad asset to the salesman, the secretary, the "My Account With the Unknown to hear of effective methods of keeping clerk, as well as to the preacher, the Soldier,"by Dr. Harry Emerson

up enrollment and attendance in order teacher, the lawyer; or to the young Fosdick, The Christian Century, June

that they may be passed on to other lover wooing her mate, to the mother 6, 1934. (Readers'Digest, August.

Class Leaders. trying to mold the character of her 1934.)

child, to the friend endeavoring to "Love Among the Ruins,"by John

The Art of Conversation dearcomfortone theon tobereavedgreater orachievement."to inspire a July,Hyde 1934.Preston, (Readers'Harper'sDigest,Magazine,Seplessons in the appreciation tember, Ten 1934.) in her E."LJELEN STARRETT

course, are of Conversation"Art "The Killer,""Pain de Kruif, by Paul of Fine book "The Charm Manthe in given "Speech"Community July, Gentleman, Country 1934 declaresners,"that in aim a worthy

Manual. Digest, (Readers'Sept., 1934.)life is to receive pleasure give in Activity and

associationthe with friends and state of intelliof an advancingmark it is a Anthony W. Ivins Arthur"Will Welgall,CivilizationPictorialCollapse?"Review,by

gence and culture when a group of nPHIS precious letter is found in the April, 1934. (Readers'Digest, Sept..

people can pass delightful hours in the Reading Course Book, "J. Golden 1934.)

Dr. Bennion Supplements Welsh Mayor at Ball Queenby eightof lovelythe Ball.attendants.She was surroundedMiss Foris a member of the PontypoolChapter IV, ''Tests of yHE Mayor and Mayoress of Merthyr ward

branch. the Tydfil, Wales, were among Religion*True explained his address the In mayor friends and than more members 300

the to that fundalarge audience the will be Gleaners bothTy and I. first the gold attended A. /[ M. MEN who to ball the make of purpose 'mental was brief the reading aided district, by the ball green of much Welsh and

the obfriends, declared he and knew Bennion Dr. Lowellarticle written the British by in April mission, 18, on

attained. complijective been had He this month. page Gleaner thefor hall. Drill In Lesser

their the for people mented "Mormon"supplemented Chapit has Bennion Dr. the evening His During Worship integrity, said was honesty he and and "Tests lesson manual, theter of IV Sister the Ivy Forward crowned Mayor the at of the pleased members work Religion."Trueof

Tidfil, in are doing Merthyr Church "Mormonism"is more and more being

Notes From the Field The Still Small Voice remarkablerecognized power,as a worldhe said.movement of

left to right, showsT A MEN and Gleaner Girls arc invited THE still small Voice to the Prophet The photo, by the committees to send in said, Mayoress and Mayor of Merthyr items telling of joint activities in the "Speak, speak, speak. Tydfil; Ivy Forward of the Pontypool

various wards and stakes of the Church. Proclaim the power of God o'erhead. branch, Welsh district; President Frank

The General Board is especially eager Speak, speak, speak!"R. Bennett, Welsh district. In the

a portion background, of the 300 memplan of work the newto learn how is—Dr. George H. Brimhall. in attendance. bers and friends of the young men the needsmeeting

and women. They are eager to build

programs which will be attractive to -every member of every ward, but expect those programs to be modified to meet the conditions which prevail in various localities. The committees on

the General Boards would like to know how the joint class work is being received; how the manual is being used;

how the appreciation courses are being handled. In fact, they would like to

know a great deal about the entire program.

If the M Men and Gleaners in any stake or ward have devised new entertainment features, new ways of enlisting membership, better lesson presentation, why not write in and tell us about it?

A LETTER from Ileen A. Waspe,

"Supervisor of M. I. A. in the

European Missions, states:

'Tor the first time we will try

Gleaner and M Men work in the French

Mission. We are making a small beginning but I know it will bring new

interest into the branches. I think the

manual prepared for the M Men and

Gleaners certainly fills a present neeed.

"The Czecho Slovakian mission is going forward with the young women's work. In Prague now we have two

fine BeeHive Swarms—many of them

not members of the Church. M. I. A.

officers arc now preparing the Gleaner

Manual as one of the Swarms will graduate about Christmas time and be ready for Gleaner work."(No Junior

Dept.) 'p,

IK; '5r '>

"QR. LOWELL BENNION, author with the source? (5) Is it compretheir curiosity. Such questions as

of the Manual for M Men and hensive and noncontradictory? (6) the following will do that: How has

Gleaner Girls, upon being asked to Is it fruitful and effective in the lives Mormonism affected the lives of your write something supplementing Chapof those who live it? parents, grandparents and your own

ter IV, "Tests of True Religion,"These and other questions can be life? What bold things does Mormonwrote the following message to teachers discussed by class members without ism alone proclaim? Why have Morand students of the manual: much reference to any one religion. mons been ridiculed and persecuted?

Then with these thoughts in mind comWere Moses, Christ, Joseph Smith.

Chapter IV. Tests of pare religions in regard to each essenreally in communion with God? Is

it not worth knowing? (3) Make anTrue Religion tial characteristic. Which ones claim

to be divine and in what sense? Which appeal to the noblest manhood and

The chief purpose of all lessoiis in ones are authoritative? Which ones womanhood by teaching the joy and

the Manual is to present Mormonism maintain contact with the source strength of bearing responsibility, the in a clear and appealing manner to through revelation, etc.? power that comes from conviction.

thinking, questioning and even doubtIf a clear picture of the characterContrast this with the utter weakness ing members of the Church with the istics of true religion is kept clearly in of those who are afraid to face the aim in view of inspiring them to live mind, and each religion judged by this truth or are so mentally sluggish as to the Gospel. Each lesson, however, picture, Mormonism will stand out in be satisfied with indifference.

should serve as one step, and only one sharp relief. There will be no need Chapter VI affords the teacher an

step, that goal. toward Cement one of asking false to correct notions the question—Which is te opportunity

as thestone year proupon another true religion? to in regard values and misplaced

gresses. try to prove not MormonDo

all in one doubtism beyond evening. Chapters V and VI prayertestimony.need to(1)be Desire,tactfullyhumilitydefined, andesHaving just studied the World reliChapters V and VI are extremely impecially humility—which means teachgions and the Christian religions it portant. Although one is convinced ability. (2) Revelations and miracles,

might be well to list them on the blackthat Mormonism has the characteristics are neither a universal nor sure basisboard for review and reference. The of true religion the question arises, how of testimony—not even to those who

question naturally presents itself can I know it? In Lesson V three receive them. Without belittling their

Which of these is the true faith? vital points can be emphasized; value conclude the lesson by showing

Before trying to answer this ques- (1) What is a testimony. should that we must look to more sure and

tion, analyze and think through with be answered to everyone's satisfaction. enduring sources of testimony. It is a

the class the tests of true religion. What That is not too easy. It is seldom weak faith that depends on miracles..

are they? Men claim religion to be attempted. Deprive the idea of testiits of somewhat obscure,the product of about mony man's imagination mysGleaner Notes For terious incomprehensible and meaning fictitious existencethe of God. There

is your opportunity to emphasize the in the minds of many young people in November first point in the lesson: (1) True the Church. Let it be known that it is

in reading the total the much joy New intelli- a higher from come experiences of life—that it isvine—toreligion must at least claim to be dian assurance or conviction based on TATE hope the Gleaners arc finding Testament. occasional reading quite individual. The thatgence than of man. More- (2)

over, it must offer substantial proof of (2) Make the students feel the need in class of some of the lovely passages its divinity. (3) Has religion the of knowing if the Gospel is true. and chapters would stimulate added'

right to be authoritative (not dogAwaken the urge in them to know, interest. We suggest the following:

matic)? (4) Does it maintain contact stimulate it, and lead them to satisfy James, Chap. 3; I Cor. 13; Matt. 5.

and 24; John 20; and John 14:1-8.

Gleaner Trousseau Club

'VRJYTW the thought of spending the summer in some definitely constructive activity, the Gleaner Girls of the 21st Ward, Ensign Stake, met during the vacation months on regular occasions and sewed on hopechest articles. The gatherings were as social

in nature as such would be, inevitably, and some program material and light refreshments added to the interest.

Many lovely things were made during hours otherwise idled away, and the friendships of the girls were cemented more closely through this project of their own. The photograph shows the:

TROUSSEAU CLUB, 21ST WARD, ENSIGN STAKE. group in action.

they should in any way Greetings organization theirTo All M Men executives who, Twin Falls Ward Gleaners seek advice from the and M Men Go All Summer'pHE M Men Executive council wish in turn, should seek the advice of order other can In no way a Bishopric. officers all and members Men M Falls comes from TA7"ORD Twin preserved. Bishop, fully be by The year,successful year. know, This we * * Stake, Falls of Twin Ward see the needs position, his can of nature greatest had.will Over the be have we their stating Gleaners that and Men usually organization MIdaho, of knows and an States in the United fellows20,000 that their so thoroughly enjoyed work in for use are available the people who acin participate will our Europeand all going summer. they kept They organizations. thosetivities. received from have word We socials each lectures and two had two

effect the to in missionsthe Europe month. Season Basketball Here our will be outdone by theythat not

activity in the West. Naturally we AS the snows of winter time come

must congratulate our brethren from "upon the mountain peaks the Germ,any Goes M. I. A.

across the seas on their foresight in seethoughts of young men turn to basketfifty-six a mutuals total of have YKT are ball. teams of the activities. possibilities Men the Manying Men M of M J. in mission,"wrote our Mark are others going; organized already and been has Master work MenThe M last Berlin, June. Brockbank, from organized. Those in course of being in all counso thatmodified young men

tries can participate in achieving exin charge of these teams should stress "In practically every branch and discellence. the game as a game not as a means of trict where halls were available. Gold

It is plain that the major problem subduing some other team in some and Green Balls were held. The Saints

before us now is a close cooperation other ward. are catching the M. I. A. spirit and as

between all the youth of the Church. Reports from gymnasiums are to a result the recreational activities are on

increase. are constant coming They effect yet to a have teams that some of the the for philosophy crying needA a necessary to feel that A. is the M. I. sportmanof the rudiments learn good felt all the world. overJesus is being

lives, because, in their thing among all that in the games, life find ship. Remember of phases in allYoung men

it offers things, other them a pleasant are of the teams opposing achieve young to men a chance workin M Men of recreation. type proper and often spectators life; brothers. Fans and of excellence inpersonal the ways

a strong body full of vigor and health, do and say things which are unbecom- I am enclosing a photograph of a a mind quick and discerning and a heart ing in a gymnasium. group of M Men and their partners

full of righteous love for humanity is Macbeth said, "I dare do all that who were in attendance at the Gold and the goal of our desires. So, achieving doth become a man, who dares do more Green Ball in Dresden, Saxony, Gerthis, as a member of a united body is none."His words might be taken many. This affair was typical of

sponsoring Latterday Saint ideals, is as a guide in the coming season. many which were held in the mission."

indeed a purpose full of meaning and penitence.

In civic and community life our influence for good must be felt. See that

no M Man fails in his duty to support all "praiseworthy causes"and those of "good report."

We must not fail. The youth of

today demand hard work and the social betterment of living conditions.

Through the M Men movement this will be realized.

Sincerely, Jay Parkinson,'President.

M Men Should Seek Counsel rom Bishop pHE M Men have such a splendid 'organization that sometimes they feel that they ought to be allowed to run their own affairs without hindrance. That is true, but they should

never attempt to run them without counsel. At the head of a ward is the

Bishop and his two counselors, whose responsibility it is to see that all organizations are running and cooperating. M Men, like all others in the

ward, are under the Bishop's direction.

Whenever they wish to perfect their M MEN AND PARTNERS, GOLD AND GREEN BALL, SAXONY, GERMANY

a definite recreation, eduHere, place with has in Scouting and thatVanball Finals clusively.

as especially the motivation is being cation and program Scouting where

December 28 principal features an activity that will ried on under church auspices. Scoutcar-

undoubtedly be an annual event will be ing has a definite place in religion.

"PnATES for the allChurch finals in developed. Definite plans are in the Article Three of the constitution of the

Vanball have been set forward to making and if approved will be anBoy Scouts of America upon which its

December 28 on the recommendation nounced shortly. charter was issued by the United States

of the Scout Executives. The final government and which James E. West,

games are to be held in Logan, Utah. Model Airplane Flying Chief Scout Executive claims as his

The Logan officials have made appligreatest individual contribution to cation for the games for the past three Added to Vafiguard Scouting, makes clear the connection.

years and have now been given the Program, It reads as follows: Article III

host.privilege playing of They Policies. Principles. and

flying building airplane and detail given "N yfODEL will be that everypromise Section of Scouts America Boy Principles1—The in feature the is to be a new attention. method sameproper The that into can maintains no boy grow

of conducting the finals as was followed Vanguard program beginning immethe best kind of citizenship without last year will again be used. Each diately. The first Churchwide chamrecognizing his obligation to God. In

team must be beaten twice before it is pionships are to be held at June Conthe first part of the Boy Scout's Oath

June. Salt in ference next City Lake championships. theeliminated from the or promises, pledge boy "On my

the Details competition not have of is various the as expected rivalryKeen I will to best duty honor do do my my has been completed been but enough this fordistricts pointing been have to to country and obey and God my justify to the decided announcement year. entire for thechampionship the recognition of Scout Law."The

is a this part to of feature that be new ruling as the leading and power God twice Vanguards, ward Emigration dethe program. Complete permanent the in grateful universe, the ackand runnerup, onetime andchampions tails for the in will published be Era blessof favors His nowledgment and entirely represented anwill new be by will announced be and December ings, are necessary the best to type of the championof as the membersteam offices. all Executives Scout through citizenship, are things and wholesome all gradupast years of haveship teams

in the the of education growing give will intoated Men. This hope Scouting Religion and M the matter what boy may No be—boy. as the Emigrateamsto other many in discussion has been much "yHERE Protestant Catholic or or practically unbeatantion boys were Jew—this

it quarters past, in some times and citizenship need of fundamental good extreme Their combination.able

still is relation in carried on, being before kept him. to should be The in their factor distinct aheight was

in religion Scouting the of place and rectherefore of Scouts America Boy the their eliminationsuccess. With

in religion. of the Scouting place Nareligious ognizes in the the element to afield championopen new is now

officers, the befrom Council tional it is training a of absolutely boy, butship team.

ginning have been positive and wholenon-sectarian in its attitude toward that

Setting the date for the finals ahead hearted in their attitude that religion religious training. Its policy is that

necessitates a new ruling on the age the organization or institution with limit. Vanguards reaching their 1 8th which the Boy Scout is connected shall

birthday on or before December 28 will give definite attention to his religious be ineligible. life. Only men willing to subscribe

to this declaration of principles shall

Vanguard Camping and bein entitledcarrying tooutcertificatesthe BoyofScoutleadershipproOutdoor Activities gram."

This statement is definite and direct.

yHE Vanguards are coming into their It makes religious teaching a part of own. Gradually the value and imthe responsibility of Scout Leaders,

portance of this excellent program are the teaching in each case being that of being impressed upon boy leaders the Chui'ch, or othier organization, everywhere. Separate camping, hikwith which the troop is identified. As

ing trips and other outdoor activities Latterday Saints we can wholeheartedfor Vanguards are coming to the front ly endorse the stand of the National in Scout programs everywhere. In the Council. It is in harmony with the

programs for next year practically every teachings of our own Church. Scout

council is planning separate camps for Leaders in L. D. S. troops everywhere

Vanguards and a separate outdoor proshould see to it that the religious traingram. This is entirely in harmony ing of all Scouts, Senior (Vanguards)

with the new plans of the National and Junior, participate in the religious

Council which is advocating Senior activities planned by the Church for

Scouting as a definite part of the regular l*#lUhr>iWV4..hVkhdtv/A'MO. its boys and young men. If we neglect

program. A new feature, being conthis we are neglecting what our Nasidered for next year is the establishMOUNTAIN DELL MONUMENT tional officers and our Church Aument of one or more waterfront ThisVanguards,monumentSalt wasLakeerectedCouncil,Juneon 2,site1934,of Ponyby thorities agree is the most vital part of

Churchwide camps for Vanguards exExpress station, 186061. the education of any boy.

V, wS t

for growth, for the "My Stofy—Lest I Forget "JOYOUS YOUTH"mindgainingwasof knowledge.made

A Little Song of Life vationNo finerof theexamplemind andof whatspiritthewillcultido apartWhileduringno specialthe M.nightI. A.hasseasonbeen forset

for us can be had, than that of our late this project, it is still an important part rhhY) that I live, am I, beloved President Anthony W. Ivins. of the Junior program. Deep interest

- That the sky is blue Although he had only three months of has been aroused throughout the

Glad for the country lanes schooling, he became highly educated Church in this project and this interest

And the fall of dew. along many lines through his own should be kept alive.

efforts. We all have memories which will

rain sun, the the After us, will bless fade strengthen which and of reading in habit formed the He rain, the After the reare they not our minds if from it sun, his days continued childhood and

This is the way of life throughout his life. He early read the corded. Many of these incidents and

Till the work be done. scriptures which gave him a knowledge stories are remarkable, and most of

of God, and this habit, along with them will become invaluable as time

All that wc need to do earnest prayer, brought to him an engoes on and we refer to them or when

Be we low or high, richment of his spirit and a joy that our children in years to come read of

Is to see that we grow "passeth understanding."His was a happenings in the lives of their grandNearer the sky. master mind. parents and great grandparents.

the diaries early Reese. of of some The Woodworth—Lizette to Other brought be examples might the the are of only members Church

class to attained of persons have who history. choicest source of of our some

of the training joy the through the great in four and five(CHAPTERS visever example, could For we how the spirit. mind and of Junior Mind Manual—"Joy that trek ualize the Pioof marvelous

and Intellectual Being"and "Joy of As a mind training exercise some neers without William Clayton's JourSpirit"are the basis for two outstandof the girls could memorize the little nal?

ing lessons in this year's course of poem at the beginning of this article Now that the whole period is givea study. and repeat it in class. Others might be over to manual discussion or to appreAll of us are born with brains, but asked to bring short stories apropos of ciation courses, it should be possible to

what we attain to in life depends enthe subject "Joyous Youth."Chapter devote a few minutes each Tuesday

tirely on the way wc train and use our 28 in "PoUyanna"by Eleanor H. evening to the project, Question Box,

minds. Surely the Latterday Saints, Porter would be appropriate. It etc. For detailed suggestions on the

since the earliest inception of the would be stimulating to the girls to project, see two recent Junior ManualsChurch, have had held up to them the play the "glad game"as found in—"Building a Life"and "Believing

importance of mental activity. Every "PoUyanna"for one month. and Doing."

>'. -4——

Choral [Music and backtive delay;somewhata verymakingeffectiveratherresulta plainwill breathsthan singersmay becantakenmaster,duringshortthe quickhold

Art of Conducting beIf theobtainedphrase beingends inrather"ing"whimsical.a ringing whichsingers willwill notnot takebe noticeablea breath atas theall

(Continued from page 683) effect may be had by closing the mouth, same time.

but this should not be done in all If a song is in dialect it should be =4 pieces as it might become monotonous. sung as such, but not unless the conAnother important point is to see One should be careful to see that the ductor knows something about it himIf music. the doesn't spoil there self. reeffect syllable are not wordsthat two

that long is more hold is an extremely a "kick."leased end with on the The The salvation of the music of the

first part should be accented. Any future depends largely upon the perword ending in "tion"should not have Courage formance of the mass rather than the

accented.that part on. looking contentment of word The Group "blessBy Catherine E. Berry

of encouraged.ing"participation be example is an should two syllable

first thewords, part should be accented last. theand not emTO mayhold jeer.fast to a dream, though men Thismusic canas bestthis beleadsdoneto throughmass musicalchoral To indicate

phasis of any part of word the conTo keep a faith untouched and hold education. In group york the parit high, Irt level. all are ticipants thrusting theductor so by same on may do

to gaindefeat face a loss and turn his To precast instance, the for forward.baton work,

quite let go, never hope opera though Oh, is it in the the chorus a selection while is very imIn singing dominates goes by.

portant that the punctuation and background; this is a detriment to the

phrases of the piece are watched careTo keep a dream enshrined within your chorus work. It should be the enfully, for it is by watching these that heart, deavor of all to participate in choral

color is given to the selection and the Lift up your eyes and hold your guiding and group work rather than be content star. this If listen is to perform. others to Phrasecorrect conveyed. meaning

this, is long, but road oh remember is is "it salvaif will just The there are to be the prove done enhancedendings far! of can carry courage a dream The

life."musical the are of delay, held tion partiala tones the American or

The Boy J His Nature Thebodilymindactivitiesbegins althoughits definitestrongcontrolimof thewithoutdoingstheof fullthe Churchinsight andof maturesociety and His Needs pulses and desires manifest themselves judgment as to causal factors. The

sensitive to critiis highly elders any and resents By Philo T. Farnsworth asthisgrowingperiod. markedly stronger during youngcism fromman his

No. IV. Post Puberty or In an intellectual way imitation has slight or lack of consideration of his

Later Adolescence declined very much and there much views and opinions. There is, howThis is the fourth of a series of argreater self assertion and activity in ever, a positive effort on the part of

ticles being written to acquaint "Leadreasoning and thinking out problems young men generally through this ers of Boys"with the best information is noted. The receptive powers are period to improve and build up moral

and source material available on the quick, logical memory is growing and ethical character.

subject of the growth and factors of stronger and the young man of this The major dangers of the period development of the adolescent boy. period questions and doubts traditional seem to be in an evil social environment

In the preceding articles we have custorAs and authority. which may build up habits of induldiscussed characteristics of the growing The period is a sentimental age with gence and appetites and desires of a

boy and have presented facts related to the impulse of love as a very strong carnal nature. There may be too narthe growth and development of the boydrive. There is a boundless enthusirow teaching which will drive the boy

through two stages of adolescence: asm displayed with considerable will to skepticism and the unwitting slights

Puberty and Middle Adolescence, We to achieve and to carry forward a plan of older persons may result in a negpropose now to present the facts of of action. Altruistic emotions are ative social attitude.

growth about the third or last stage of strong with a sincere desire to conDuring this period philosophic inadolescence development. tribute something worth while to the terests begin and science, art and liter-

A third and last general grouping family, church, social group and comature in the form of romantic novels of adolescent boys is known as the post munity. have a definite appeal. The boy must

puberty period or later adolescence. The young man of this period is be constantly doing something and

The years from 17 to 21 constitute conscious of being a part of society but enjoys the display as well as the satisapproximately the age level of boys in is also conscious of his own personal faction which comes from athletic this group. While no hard and fast individuality. There exists a longing competition.

line can be drawn between boys of this for sympathetic understanding of one's This is the young man for whom group and the period preceding and folcondition and actions and there may be the "M"Men program is planned.

lowing there are interesting observa- a definite secretiveness in one's manner This is the age of the Priest's office in tions to be made as to the phases of of living and adjustment to society. the Aaronic Priesthood. These arc

development noted. From a moral and ethical point of the young men of the "C"class of

Boys of this period have bodies that view later adolescence is indeed an age Sunday School and from which the are barely grown and display a marked of difficulties. There is a marked tenmembers of the missionary class are

degree of physical strength and ability. dency to criticize openly and vigorously drawn. Truly these are the young

manhood, virile and strong, who are soon to merge into their age of majority and assume definite social responsibilities.We have now presented facts of the

growth and development of the growing boy through adolescence.

Perhaps the greatest forward step that "Leaders of Boys"can take is that of acquainting themselves with the nature of the boy and his needs and then individualizing their plans and methods of instruction to fit each boy.

In the succeeding articles we shall attempt to present facts about factors that influence individual development.

Bibliography 1. Arlitt, A. E., "Adolescent Psychology,"New York, American Bk.

Co. 2. Brooks, Fowler, "Psychology of

Adolescence,"New York, Houghton

Mifilin Co.

TEN EAGLE SCOUTS OF TROOP 5, IDAHO FALLS 3. O'Shea, M. v., "The Child: His

Front row, left to right: Dale Christensen, Robert Williams, Melvin Nielsen, Vaun Pickett, Alban Smith. Nature and His Needs,"Valparaiso,

Middle row; Ariel Nielsen, Woodraw Wilkinson, Merrill Hansen, Wm. Grant Alvord, Scout Master; Indiana Children's Foundation.

Field A. Executive of Pickett. row: Oscar Kirkham, the IVI. I. Back Lewis, Theron Eldred A.; 4. See other references at the close

Jesse H. Nielsen, David Bishop Smith, Troop Committee; Teton Chairman Arnold Prestigard, Chairman

Peaks Council; C. F. Johnson, Chairman of Bonneville Co. Council; Harold S. Alvord. Scout Executive. of Chapter II.

Thoughts for BeeKeepers Symbol Hive news from the field in our Girls'the Desevening Section of Saturday girls all their chosen of your Have reeret Appoint News. your Buzz that ever heart beatIVrO human chosen did symbol and name? you Have

all the at porter news us send once and its to share joys wish and not If symbol? your and name Swarm

activities of accomBee-Hive your and its its bitter poverty orsorrows, wealth chosen they should haven't been you to plishments. All should news come let another.with not ThanksThen talking them. thinking be about and

office, this Salt Building, Bishop's 33 passgiving without warming is, Day It or course, optional of whether somebody else's house and heart as you not the girls choose a name, but this Lake City, Utah. Have you and your

keep this day. Remember also, benevmatter should be left to their decision. girls experienced the thrill of seeing

your news item published? Then toolence cannot be confined girls take a great deal of pleasure the calenMany

the keep coming. news unselfishnessdar; cheerfulness and a name. in choosing

should circle the entire year."We hope you have been able to

Thanksgiving day is at our door Honor Badges programmake the andadjustmentthat it towillthisbeyear'sthe mostnew

Among our words to Father If in their cellfilling the girls find a successful in the history of BeeHive.

Be echoed these from Heaven's shore special interest and wish to develop

We'll not—Dr.forgetGeorgeour brother.H. Brimhall. furtheryour attentionalong someto theline, Honorwe wouldBadges,call A Report from Jennie

which may be earned by girls in all Ernstromy Stake BeeSuggested Methods three Ranks. You have undoubtedly

A test on the Trial Flights or other noticed that the BeeLines are reserved Keeper East Jordan Stake phases of the work might be confor Guardians, only. A DISPLAY of BeeHive work,

ducted as follows: On paper or card- "showing actual cellfilling was held

board arrows write such statements as: Formations in the basement of the Church in conGive the Purpose; Spirit of the Hive; Now that each Rank has its own nection with our Stake Quarterly ConThe BeeHive Call; the Salute; the formation, we hope that you will learn ference.

Promise; the Pledge of Allegiance; Five it thoroughly and enjoy using it often. One table displayed how properly to

interesting facts about the Life of the set a table, with seasonable decorations.

Bee, etc. Place one arrow upside down The Honey Comb The sweet peas used as a center piece

girls. circlein the the center of of The garflower in a BeeHive were grown

all of your girls purchased Have the Girls quicklyBeeHive run around difor den. table the Another showed

If not, they a HoneyComb? orcircle. the made whistle the blows ferent clothing, of When such ways mending

as as soon should do so girls claps, quickly. stopBeeKeeper possible and as replacing, patching, darning, button

as it is done. record their work of the opposite ends the etc.The two girls nice display of had a We also

dive the for arrow.arrow, The girl

it inscription, the readswho gets the Miscellaneous dresses,in the variousaprons,wards.etc., made by the girls

other must answer or fill the requireWe are sure the girls are delighted On another table was a demonstraments. Do this until all girls have with the material given in their Handtion of the proper way to bathe a

given the parts desired. This is just book to assist them in completing the baby. This showed all clothing, etc.,

one way of teaching through activity. Foundation Requirements. We beplaced in order, with necessary toilet

This same game may be adapted to lieve the BeeKeepers will appreciate articles in handy position. A large

teach symbolism, BeeHive plan, etc. having the Guides in the BeeKeeprs'chart naming the four most essential

At the completion of the Trial Book. Until the new book is ready things to be observed in bathing a baby

Flights the girls are entitled. to receive make use of the old books as much was placed on the wall above this disthe brown hive, the symbol of the oras possible. play.

ganization, and to the part of the At the Deseret News we have a In the field of outof-doors, there

Emblem signifying the Rank they are BeeHive press club organized, called were charts identifying the different entering. The hexagonal cell, the new BeeHive Buzzers, consisting of Beetrees by their leaves and also by their

part of the Emblem, should be preHive Girls, who edit and publish Beebark. In this field we also had some

sented to 1 2 year old girls beginning interesting collections of different kinds work as Builders in the Hive; the two of soil—natural resources of the State

violets old girls year to the 13blue of value, a cornmercial Utah—having

entering as Gatherers of and Honey; as coal, shale, salt, chalk, such and

the gold bee to the 14 year old girls different ores, etc.; also collections -of

entering the Rank of Guardian of the moths and beetles.

Treasure. (See pages 8 and 1 1 in the Another display in arts and crafts

BeeHive Girls'Handbook.) If you showed the different ways the Beedid not award these emblems at the Hive girls can beautify the home with

November Conjoint Meeting, we suglittle or no expense. This also includgest that you ask your ward president ed practical uses of the symbol.

for time at one of the preliminary proLarge baskets of sunflowers and catgrams in which to make these awards. tails were used in decorating the room.

We hope all BeeHive Girls will be able We feel that these exhibits at Stake to get the band so they will have a BEE KEEPERS OF KYRUM STAKE AT LOGAN Conference help to keep our people place on which to keep their awards. CANYON BeeHive conscious.

THE IM PRO YEMENI ERA, NOVEMBER, 1934 695

A Day of andlatingthenandeverybodyspeaking atbeganonce. gesticuCon- "No,"No,"I dosnappednot."theSo oldsaying,woman.she

Thanksgiving cludingMadamethatFargierthe meetinggatheredwasupover,her swungently outout,of andthe stampedroom leavingvehem-a {Continued from page 659) handbag and her umbrella, tucked blushing, bewildered young mis- >''4 her shawl more snuggly about her, sionary behind her.

Most of the congregation seemed and prepared to leave. All during the week Madame

as poor as she herself. Their clothShe paused at the door, waiting Fargier brooded upon her interview

ing was worn and dark. Their for a portly gentleman who was with the young American. At

faces were rough and lined by the lingering over his adieus to make first the thoughts of the Sunday cares of living. Only their eyes way for her. As she waited, the meeting and the incidental convershowed their innate intelligence tall young American who had sation with the missionary annoyed

and the sincere spirituality of their spoken in the meeting hurried up her. But as she remembered his

characters. Madame Fargier felt to her, and with a glad smile offered kindly attitude, his friendly smile,

softened. she handclasp, his firm hand. a little hisat ease, among them—even be idea that someone might "Good The day, Madam,"he saidsuperior. sardonic curiosity With

she followed the services. with a heavy accent. "It was very interested in her, might even like kind of you to meet with us, today. her, was new—but agreeable.

tracts over the read he had She the meeting?"you enjoy J diDid meeting was HE a bit her. replied were more They "Humph,"Madame Fargiven tall scarcely man, youngrected by a

more than a boy. He stood behind gier. comprehensible than the first. One

a long, greencovered table and "Of course,"the youth continof them explained the purpose of smiled out over the congregation ued, "the first time out is always a the young men there in her city.

with such soft, sympathetic underbit difficult, on account of our poor She could not believe that anyone sacrifice personal best the French. do we can, would deliberately We herself that in spite ofstanding

else. it really well, to try to help be interests someone but... must to him. warmedMadame Fargier

When he spoke, at the end of the very disagreeable to listen to us.""Why,"she told herself as she

hymn, something in his voice "It is,"agreed Madame Fargier folded the tracts for the third time caught and held her attention, alemphatically. "It is most disand put them into her table drawer.

though she scarcely understood his agreeable to listen to you."Then, "Why, these young missionaries

words. feeling strangely sympathetic tomust be crazy to leave their homes

over this to things, come wards young whose smile jobs and and man his side another was At young relitheir us to of at the teach beginning her here won and try the had even youthfulman, than more is rea- I religion their the meeting, she added: gion. True, "Butfirst. rose now, and prayed. He

.. practical. liked your humility, man. young enough, sonable and Fargier as she thought,Madame

listened: "Sounds like he is talkYou seemed to believe what you "But,"she added with perverse

saying."they won't stubbornness. "But to hising father. That is a funny were

I church. won't The smile came back. "Thank get me into their to address God."way

Then the congregation sang you,"said the young man, somebe blinded by any flock of superrelieved. words."then: softspoken stitions "Have and And afteragain, read, what which a woman

tracts? all of did not you received our next This Sunday she The black, leatherboundfrom a book:

and then the communion was one will perhaps give you an idea attend the meeting of the young exthe subject of speech missionaries. today. The American my a ofpassed the people. among Only

I tried to talk to running cursion boats pn had begun "The Way it. of Farfew partook Madame

gier slunk down in her seat and Perfection."up and down the Seine, and with

shook her head violently as the boy gleeful perversity, just as the giant the clock on the Eiffel of hand the tray her. "If approachedwith fargier Madame she to threethirty, pointed Tower three tracts he offered, accepted the Fll leave,"again, shethat happens

thought angrily. and thrust them into her handbag. squandered a franc on a ticket and

The young man who was di- "I like your papers,"she said took the boat down to Boulogne, recting arose and began speaking. grudgingly. "I understand them where she spent the afternoon wanIt was difficult to understand him. better than I do you."dering through the wood.

His peculiar way of expressing him- "I'm glad you do,"he said. "In The week following was unself in a strange tongue made it that way, at least, we have a chance usually long. Madame Fargier

impossible to know exactly what of putting our message over."arose each morning in a disgruntled

he was trying to say. Still, his "Message? What message?"humor that whipped itself to sullen

earnestness and sincerity were im- "Why, the message we came to anger before noon. The women

pressive. Madame Fargier almost give. The message that Christ has who worked with her in the subwished she could understand what restored his Church upon the earth, ways left her strictly alone, and

he was trying to say. and that his Gospel has been given she could only give vent to her

After a few moments she wearily anew to all men."feelings on the cement floors, and

gave up trying to follow his The old woman looked puzzled. return to her garret room in the

thought. "I didn't come here to Then she said belligerently: "What evening, spent and sulking,

solve puzzles,"she told herself has that got to do with me?"Friday evening, she found andoor.grimly, and settled back impa- "Why—why, Jesus showed us other folded paper in her

tiently to await the end. the way to have eternal life and to She was weary, her hands and knees

By and by the congregation be happy. You want to be happy, were sore, and she was warm with

stood and sang. A man prayed don't you?"the efforts of climbing seven flights

696 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1934 of stairs. The sight of the paper "Thank you."Madame Fargoodbye to the Americans, and left

infuriated her. "Fools,"she gier smiled a rather rusty, inexthe building.

screamed, grabbing the paper and perienced smile, and then sobered tearing it to bits. "Fools,"she abruptly. "And now, young man,"v /NE Sunday toward

cried again, tearing open the winshe said bruskly, "you go on about the latter part of May, she was dow and flinging the torn pieces your business and Fll just sit here waiting in the room when the misfrom her. "Why don't they leave reading this until meeting starts."sionaries arrived. For a moment

me alone!"Each Sunday, thereafter, she stood hesitantly before them,

Worn with fatigue and emopromptly at five minutes to four then stepping up to the tall youth tions, she sank down on the thresh- o'clock, Madame Fargier hurried up with the tender smile, she said:

old of her room and wept, her old the stairs at 164 Boulevard St. "Mister Richmond—do you ever

body shaking with sobs. Germain, her face glowing with make visits to the people who come

After a moment she started up, anticipation. Once she had entered to your meetings?"

herblew violently, nose and with the confronted room, however, and "Why, yes,"Richmond anstill tears following the wrinkles the missionaries, the mask of sulswered.

down her cheeks, she hurried downlen indifference fell back over her "Well, will you and your comstairs into the court and carefully face. "Good day, gentlemen,"she rade take tea with me on Wednesgathered up the bits of paper she would say. "Yes, it is warm day, the Day of the Ascension?"

had thrown there a moment before. weather."Then, taking her place Richmond smiled reassuringly.

in the fifth strawbottomed chair "We'll be glad to, Madame FarOACK in her room on the second row, she would bury gier,"he said. "That is, if you

once more, she locked the door, herself in a tract or a hymn book will give us Linden tea."

carefully spread the bits on the until the meeting began. "Very well,"she promised,

table, matching the torn pieces, She was glad as she sat there in smiling a bit in relief. "Come at

and when once they were assembled her secondrow seat. Her hand four."

she eagerly read the printed messtill tingled from the sincere, meanThen she hurried to her place sage. A second time she read it, ingful grip of the handshake of the on the second row, buried her face

slowly, carefully, aloud. Then young missionaries. Their words in a booklet, and was apparently

she gathered the bits together, put of greeting still rang in her ears. oblivious to missionaries and conthem carefully into her pocket and In their presence, within the sound gregation until the meeting started.

set about preparing her frugal supof their voices, she knew a feeling Wednesday afternoon, with a per. of wellbeing that heretofore she beaming face and a pounding heart

At a quarter to four Sunday afhad believed nonexistent. she ushered her young guests into

ternoon, Madame Fargier timidly When the services began, her her long little room under the eaves.

entered the large room at 164 heart beat with the rhythm of the One of them she seated in the easy

Boulevard St. Germain. She was hymns, and sometimes her lips chair, patched and cleaned for the

the first of the congregation to soundlessly formed the words. As occasion. The other sat upon a

arrive, and the two young Amerthe young missionary prayed, a low stool, while she perched herself icans were busy arranging the soft, deep worshipful feeling swept uneasily on the cot.

room. through her, washing down the The tiles of the floors were scrubAs she entered, the young man walls of bitterness and resentment bed to a dull red glow. Clean curwith whom she had conversed two that had been built through the tains hung from the shelf, and a

weeks previously put down the lonely years. white cloth covered the table. On

hymn books he was distributing Her face lighted with emotion the walls were two glistening picand hurried forward, his face when the young men rose to speak. tures cut from calendars, one of

beaming, Unmindful of their broken lanthem representing a shepherd with "Good day, Madame,"he cried, guage and their ragged, incoherent a lamb in his arms, the other a reshaking her hand warmly. "I am thoughts, she swayed to the eloproduction of "The Reapers."At

so glad to see you."quence of their earnestness, the the head of the narrow cot hung a

"Humph,"replied the old lady. majesty of their sincerity, her eyes crucifix.

"I didn't have anything else to do fastened on their radiant faces. And The window was open to the

today, so I came here."as she became accustomed to their warm air and sunshine, and on the

"I am awfully glad you did,"mode of speaking and was able to roof just below it, a small platform the missionary said smiling. grasp the thoughts of the speaker, had been erected. Upon it were

"Won't you sit down? It is still she heard and understood the joycrumbs and a small cup of water.

a bit early, and the others haven't ous, lifegiving message of the "It's for my birds,"she explainarrived yet."Christ, which these young men had ed, gesturing vaguely toward sevMadame Fargier sat down, this brought. She understood and beeral sparrows chirping on a chimtime in the middle of the room. lieved, convinced by their pure,- unney nearby. "I have no bird cage,

"By the way,"she said, "Would wavering faith. so I put crumbs on my window

you mind giving me another one of But once the benediction had ledge and all the birds in Paris those papers like you left in my been said and the confused murmur come to me."

door Friday? ''The Path of Life,"of greetings and adieus beat into "I like your home,"Richmond

I think it was."her consciousness, her face dropped exclaimed enthusiastically. "It is

"Certainly."The youth hurback into its habitual mold of dislike a nest up under the stars, with

ried to a small table near the door, illusioned unloveliness. Abruptly the window opening toward

selected a tract from the several gathering her belongings together, heaven."

piles there, and brought it to her. she mumbled a few curt words of "Humph,"grumbled Madame

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. NOVEMBER. 1934 697

Fargier. "Heaven don't have ing the staircase, and awaiting with not go yet. You have not'finished

smoking chimneys, and you don't unconscious dread the slamming of your mission."

have to climb seven flights of stairs the door in the lower corridor.

to get to it."Then she turned and made her way Months passed, it

"Oh, have they installed an unsteadily to the crucifix above her was Fall in Paris, now. The skies

elevator from earth to heaven?"the bed. Her hands knotted tightly were leaden and the streets were

other missionary asked slyly. against her breast, she spoke: often black with rain. Fewer peo-

"I think,"Richmond said, "Oh, good God,"she prayed. ple came now, to the meetings at

"that you have to climb many, "Leave him to me. Don't take 164 Boulevard St. Germain. But

many flights of stairs to get to him away from me now. Thy each Sunday found Madame Farheaven. They are very difficult will be done—but oh, Lord, leave gier in her place in the fifth strawand steep at the beginning, but by him to me."bottomed chair in the second row.

and by they get easier. And after On Sunday most of the seats in She sang now, and once she had

a while, if you let someone show the room on Boulevard St. Germain read before the entire congregayou how, it becomes so easy you were filled. A tense, strained silence tion a piece from the black, leatherdon't know you are climbing stairs hovered above the assembly. Mabound book. But when the comat all."dame Fargier was late in arriving, munion was passed, she hung her

They talked on. More and more, and when finally she came her eyes head, and her hands were clasped,

Madame Fargier warmed to the were suspiciously red. Slinking almost in prayer.

friendliness of the young missioninto a seat in the far end of the Each Wednesday evening the aries. She told them of her bitter, room, she remained motionless missionaries visited her in her little

empty life. "I didn't even believe throughout the service, her eyes room high among the roofs and

in God, anymore,"she said, "until downcast, her hands nervously tychimney pots near the great markets

I heard you talking about Him."ing and untying the fringe on her of Paris. There they talked and

After a while she made them a shawl. sometimes sang. Once she had

tea from the leaves and blossoms When the services were over, asked them to pray, and when they of the Linden tree, and cut a large after most of the congregation had were through she was crying.

fruit tart. "I made it myself,"she filed out, shaking hands and soberAnd then one evening the young

said, and smiled happily as they ly wishing good luck and bon voyAmericans began talking about a praised it. age to the departing missionary, peculiar American feast day, and

Long shadows crept across the Madame Fargier was still there, her explained the significance of the roof, then, and the chimney pots fingers still picking at the fringe of festival to Madame Fargier. "One

were more sharply silhouetted her shawl. day a year,"they said, "in the Fall

against the clear, light sky. Excusing himself from the stragwhen the harvests are all in, we

"Goodbye, Madame Fargier, and gling group, Richmond crossed to render thanks to God for his blessmany thanks,"said the young men her and sat in the chair beside her. ings during the year."

as they shook hands in parting. "Why, Madame Fargier,"he A day of thanksgiving: Madame

"You will be at the meeting, Sunsaid. "I thought you had gone."Fargier thought about that. Finday, won't you?"She did not answer. ally she said. "You have taught

"I'll be there,"promised the old "I am glad you didn't go,"he me your religion. It is good. The

lady. continued, smiling a bit wistfully. people in your church are good.

Richmond lingered. "I want "Not without saying goodbye to And you are like the Lord Jeus

you especially to be there,"he said, me. you are good. I want to become a

his eyes strangely misty. "Sunday Then she raised her eyes and member of your Church. Will

will be my last meeting."looked at him. "You must not you baptize me on your American

Madame Fargier seemed to go,"she said breathlessly. "You day of Thanksgiving?"

shrivel. She searched the clear must stay here. It is not time to Thanksgiving night, alone inyoung eyes of the boy before her. go—not yet."her long little room under the Paris

"The last meeting?"she breathed. She paused a moment, her hands roofs, with the rain tapping against

"But why?"fumbling in her pocket. "Here,"the window and gurgling down the

she said, thrusting three crinkley gutters, Madame Fargier knelt beinto notes his hand. thousandfranc clasped side in the darkness, her bed smiled missionary IHE repeated, closing she "Here,"prayed: his her hands and tenderly, her hard, took worn and

notes. fingers over the must "You

his. go Lord, I thank of Thee for "I must Thy "Ohand in both

home,"he said gravely. "My blessings. I thank Thee for leading

father has lost all his money and the missionaries to me, to teach me can't keep me here any longer. You of Thee. And I thank Thee for this

know what it means to be a misday—this day of the American

to Thanksgiving, for today I have sionary—how our folks have sacrifice. And when they can't do entered Thy fold.

it any longer... we have to go "And oh, dear Lord, I ask Thee

home."to bless all Thy children—especial-

A tear tumbled onto his hand, ly Thy missionaries. And bless esthen another. Impulsively he pecially my missionary. Elder Richstooped, kissed the cheek of the old mond, who is so far from me, now.

lady, and was gone. Take care of him, and... And

For a long moment she stood in bless me, Lord, and help me...

the doorway where he had left her, so that some day... I can be—

listening to the swift steps descendwith him—with him! Amen."

698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1934 cults—pseudosciences -—in psyit contrasts with the monastic idealCan Science chology, spiritism, health, etc., of the hermit. The Mormon saint

recluse, a crusader. is not a but His

isand Religion be makecalled no"orthodox"effort to conformscience, to butsovictory denying not in the world,

it. in Not activelyHarmonized? openlydemn scienceand fortriumphantlynot conformingconto solitarybut in contemplation,overcoming but

{Continued from page 660) them. For them, recognized scienin the midst of battle, does he find

-4. tists are high priests of error, with his opportunity. For this reason

whom conciliation is undesired. he is slow to denounce carelessly,

claims to be scientifically respectIn this respect these wouldbe-scienor renunciate, any element in the able; and she boasts of her long list tific cults resemble the more unpreworld which promises aid to him

of leaders tentious religions mentioned above. in his mission. Better to make an who—as Joseph—have

distinguished themselves as scienThe scientific note in Mormon ally than an enemy.

tists. thought has not been able to deMore closely examined, this soBut this element alone is not velop a cult. It is with science cial, or missionary, work falls into

sufficient to occasion the need we proper that Mormonism has sought divisions. There is the work atare here analyzing. Numerous companionship—with Newton, home and that in foreign fields

Millikan, Chamberlain, Moulton, the carrying of the message to the

Pasteur, Jeans, Jennings, James, people of the world and the prebeen, and are, proud of their felalready are members. On either of TAYLOR AND and their kind. Mormons have serving of the faith of those who lows who have attained recognithese battle fronts the Church finds

tion by, and admission to, reputitself in contact with science. And COMPANY able scientific societies. To say that in either instance the opportunity

Makers of School Rings, the Church has not developed a is open for her to grapple with

School Pins and all kinds of pseudoscientific cult is merely to science as an enemy. But quite conEmblem buttons, priced from say that she feels the need of harsistently she has chosen what seems

10c up. monizing with science. This is to be the wiser plan: in both fields

is not she has made overtures of friendLet us figure with you not to say that Mormonism 162 So. Main St. Room 206 intheredangerare numerousof "cultism."quacksIndeed,numship,to understandhas soughtthisalliance.choice, andIn ordermore

fully appreciate its wisdom, the Salt Lake City,. Utah bered among her members—and

Phone Was. 5123 others not so numbered, who preproblem should be examined as it

t.->.V<i?(!>?>5>?.>>->,t.|.,5 tend admiration for her people and presents itself separately in each of

hertage—whoteachingsspreadfor pecuniarytheir superstiadvan- the"Fortwoverilyfields.the voice of the Lord is

tions in the name of science and atunto all men, and there is none to escape;

tempt to call in the authority of the and there is no eye that shall not see, neither ear that shall hear, heart neither not scriptures for support. warn battery that To shall that penetrated. be not the church against membership rebellious shall the pierced be with "And strain in hasAto

error such is a contributing motive * * * sorrow; much

starting a cold for this article. The proverb: "And the voice of warning shall be unto

is evil "Overcome good,"with motor soon apt; allwhompeople,I haveby chosenthe mouthsin theseof lattermy disciples,days. are to be and saved if we from

wears out. Avoid "cultism,"it must be through a "And the day cometh that they who will

of the voice hear of the the character, and not the neither Lord, that by using recognition * voice his servants, of * * shall be science. value of true

off from among the people."GoldRroofed That Mormonism has, up to the cut

rests only not hear. VICO motor oil.—thatpresent, shebeenfeelssaveda fromneed forthe cultscon- (CONDEMNATIONwith those who will Then your motor ciliation with science proper—is No man can be held accountable

turns over easily largelywe mustdueexamine;to a secondnamely,factorthewhichmishasfor unbeliefnever beento whomdelivered.the messageWe are

at the first touch sionary spirit and activities of the concerned with the question: when

is can it be said that the message has of the starter. Church. The Mormon spirit

not concerned with the mere saving been delivered? Involved in this

of self, but extends to the saving of question are the principles of the others. More specifically, it is "psychology of salesmanship."

through the saving of others that Probably no successful salesman one saves himself. Mormonism is would consider himself to have dis-

a mission; in its missionary work it charged his responsibility in the

finds sole justification for being. matter of "selling"a particular ICO MOTOR OIL Translated into other terminology, "prospect"until he himself had

this means that the concern of Moraccomplished certain very definite

UTAH OIL REFINING CO. monism is with social betterment. steps. Reduced to a minimum,

400 Service Stations and Dealers It is a social program. Such being these steps probably are: gaining

in Utah and Idaho. the case, its success is measured by admittance to the prospect, gaining

the degree of its contagion. As such his attention, and arousing his inTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER. 1934 699

terest in the proposition. Prior to pression reveals a failure to appreAt this point we may summarize

the accompUshment of this much ciate the difference between rumor, by saying that if we are content to on the part of the salesman no resupersitition, and truth, then that limit our success in missionary sponsibiUty for failure to buy can missionary will call in vain at the work among the nonmembers to be placed upon the prospect. It is home of the truly educated. This, the conversion of the lowly and

probable that all effective sales orsimply because he reveals, "by his uneducated, then we may ignore ganizations would agree that short own mouth,"that he is not the and even scorn science. But if we

of these steps there has really been type of person whom the educated are more ambitious, if "the voice no canvass. regards as trustworthy; he is not of warning shall be unto all peoThis being the attitude of sucintellectually responsible.

cessful commercial sales organizaHe who would effectively cantions, when is it fair to say that vass the homes of the scientifically every individual of "every nation, trained in the interests of truth and NEW FOR be HEADQUARTERS betterment must himself peosocial tongue, and kindred, andand SAINT LATTERDAY of science the achievements aware of a "goscanvassed byple"has been GARMENTS this YOU FACTORY TO more something FROM meanspel salesman?"—and Orders Solicit Your Man We electric lights, airplanes, than 88. Lt. LaNo. Men's and Wt. say, nation every to Needless.65 dies'Style New; etc. radios, he is more, what and 89. La- % Wt. its Med. No. Men's and in the message hear "ownmust

1.10 Style New acquired, himself and have must the of the tendencytongue."But 80. No. Men's Double Wt. dies'Heavy

scientific for, respect habit the 1.35 show Back is that even recognize toChurch 81. Style No. Old Wt. Heavy is "the of mind. meant by What 1.50 ilBack is Double of necessary.more By way

87. iNo. Lt. Old and Wt. scientific New cannot of habit mind"late the writer thelustration, heard 85 Styles

in a successfully be communicated 85. Special No. NonRun Very deliver an F.Elder Whitney Orson Guaranteed Garments—will paper. here brief attempt No 1.10 Spec. Ray. this in To connecRun appealimpassioned—Not

and No. Men's scientific Med. Wt. the be made. However, it his Briefly, contentiontion. was Style, 84. Ladies'DouLt.New a veneer; nor is not of habit mind Extra ble Yarn, Combed sucpresent have to thethat up we 85 Fine it or purchased, be put can on and bust, ordering, Specify your thecessfully canvassed only lowly when

or length, trunk whether and new off at will, or gotten in any taken it yet remains theof ladies'. or and nations—that reit is the shortcut manner; in the Postage if Anywheremen's Weold style,Pay carry effectively to the meseasy usfor States. United conscientious, sult careful, of and in heart"sage the "honest to among

Nevertheless, to persistent study. LEWIS MOSE the people world. of educatedthe ST. 14 MAIN its reis to disregard importance this failed in CITY, manhave SALT we LAKESO.That

seeingr nientlou Please truly before thisUTAHAdd In the impotent main is necessarily past, inner, the not tills Mag'azine all nations. of great minds reflection discredit.a to our Considering that during practically the

entire period of this work of evangelism we have been a pioneer people, struggling with the problemsof the frontier, handicapped as A HENAGEH COLUSE frontier peoples facilitiescational are by—meagreconsideringeduEriiigs the Quickest and Eest Hesults

this, it is not, it would seem, to our NEW CLASSES START EACH WEEK discredit that the chief and often the only qualification of our missionaries has been the possession of "a broken heart and contrite spirit."With the passage of frontier

conditions and the development of our admirable educational facilities, however, it seems reasonable to expect that in the future we shall discriminate, in selecting missionaries, in favor of those who have additional qualifications.

But the scholastic preparation for missionary work must be someBANKING DEPARTMENT thing more than the study of Complete Courses are given in all Commercial Subjects, including Advanced courses in English grammar, comAccounting, Auditing, Banking, Salesmanship and Secretarial Training.

position, public speaking, and inPositions for Graduates. We have had more than 200 calls for office helpformal conversation—important this year.

as these be. may matter how No

tricksclever sales the employed, and Write, call or phone for catalog. It pays to get the Best. Visitors Welcome

no matter how perfect the misanytime. Mention Era in writing.

sionary's power of expression, if that expression reveals a mind that Henagcr Eusiness College in uncritical slovenliness and credulity is typical of tenth or 45 E. Broadway D. B. Moench, Pres. and Mgr. Was. 2753

twelfth century peoples—if the exLARGEST AND BEST IN INTERMOUNTAIN TERRITORY

700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. NOVEMBER. 1934

pie,"if we seek audience and sucto the spiritual interests of man, cessful canvasses to the edufrom and the youth withdraw among Attention Bishops! to influence. seriously their ask Needless then unholy we must Help the missionary worlc along cated,

at tile ourselves about this problem: the say, such an attitude is born of igBureau of Information harmonizing of science and relinorance, and leads to stagnation

by srettlng: yonp gion. and increased ignorance. Needless,

Sacrament Sets also, to remark, this is an attitude NE of the leaders of the Church out of tune with Mormon tradiFrom Us t is responsible for the statement tions. Hence, we may disregard it. L.OW PRICES NEW

the chief that in the future source to the is possible take Or, it Water SILVER platedtray—heavywith three dozen increased will membership crises lightly, these be matter regard g!las.ses $16.00 for

glasses Extra the children of born paras affairs Mormon purely personal having it entage. a vital Hence, becomes significance the individonly for BREAD TRAYS91.00 and 91.25 per$7.50doz.

BUREAU OF INFORMATION concern of the Church that these uals experiencing them, and therefaith, children are instructed in the Bloclt Temple it. fore do nothing about This

Salt Lake City, Utah that they of up clean grow the out, mind being simple easy and way and body, and eventually through the sole objection to it lies in the baptism and the other initiatory number of victims who may be experiences enter into the active life sacrificed. The "scientific leaven"

For Price List On of the great body of the Church. will exact its toll, and many of the

It availeth little, though, for a child young minds that fall under its inReading Course strongto enterandthefaithful,Churchif ascleanhe growsand fluencelose. Thisthe Churchis puttingcannottheaffordChurchto

to manhood he becomes foul and squarely on the defensive. But

vicious. In order that these youths there is another reason for not

will represent a permanent it this attitude; namely, gain, assuming BOOKSListed on Page 684 for seeing is responsible the Church social or general to the is contrary

Write or Call that they grow to manhood and missionary character of the Morattitude as an soon spirit. So

is those held for DESERET BOOK womanhoodcharacter, and withwith gooda framemoralof ofmonindifference STORE mind which will enable them to "foolishly become entangled inwhothe 44 East So. Temple function successfully in the Church. web of scientific sophistry,"the

Salt Lake City, Utah It is in connection with the crusader has given way for the reschools that this responsibility of cluse. So that every convert for

the Church brings her once more science, if conversion to science is face to face with science. Nor is allowed to mean separation from

it advisable to minimize the gravity religion, may be regarded either as of the problem as it here presents a loss to the Church or as an indiitself. Indeed, to fail to respond vidual not served by the Church

to this challenge seriously and with in either case, from the only point—tothe veryshutfinestthe eyesintelligenceto the realityavailableof ofcrusadingview consistentreligion, itwithis a loss.social or

suicidal to the most the conflict—is worthy interests of the Church. TT is the opinion of the writer that

When approached by a youth who no true Latterday Saint would informs you that he is in great disremain indifferent to this question tress, that his studies in school are if he understood the character and inimical to his religious convicstrength of the opposition. There

tions, that it appears to him that a is strength in the scientific movechoice must necessarily be made bement. Her votaries are legion; her

crisis is revealed to munity—and these, from the ranks—whentween hissuchreligiona and his science converts, not a few in every comcrises of the more intelligent. Working you—and hundreds of such

do occur within the membership of through the agency of the schools, this Church, some to be confided she is not to be despised but reand shared, others to be fought spected, either as an evil or a good.

is an inthrough alone and in secret—in the As an opposition, science

face of such tragic suffering it is sidious foe with entrenchments sheer nonsense to affirm blandly that make her well nigh impregthat there is no occasion for harnable. As a supplement, she is an

monizing these two departments of invaluable strength, and those same life. It is equally stupid to reply entrenchments may become a bulto the youth that there isn't really wark of the good life. These conGERM any conflict. siderations become the basis for In the face of such crises any one the opinion that it is to the interests

is responses three third accept the of true religion to choice of open for PROCESSED(PARAFFIN BASE) institureligious alternative neither the part of the and, damning on tions. It is possible to damn the the schools nor ignoring the conschools, condemn them as contrary flict which they occasion in the MOTOR OIL

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1934 70

souls of youths, seriously work D. S. hospitals are only two of the

for a conciliation between these two many examples that could be cited.

types of inspiration and value.

Our educational program seems to "DUT the Church is employing impel us toward the task of harscience in the spiritual realm as religion. sciencemonizing and suffer to willing any well. Not

is a third there And still Enjoy inefficiency, factor handicap through this for for needmaking harmonscientific are applied being methods ization. If the interests already in our educational endeavors. The THE COMFORT

are practical,considered the one in guidance the young men engaged to considered remains bewhich life spiritual the is of the of youth of CONVENIENCE is thistheoretical; the that say to the are encouraged, being Church

interests discussed above may be asked, almost required, to equip CLEANNESSconsidered primarily religious in themselves with scholastic degrees nature, whereas the one remaining with majors in the "science of rescientific. is essentially However,

is ECONOMY this interest has been cultivated a by ligiousprone carelesslyeducation."to castNo asideone

or,religion, in originating the reliprofitable servant. Indeed, though ofgious life, been has borrowed by treat sometimes we may them

it rate,science. a affords any At thoughtlessly, become we usuallycommon ground upon which both emotionally attached to servants Automatic

science and religion are able to meet. who serve us well and continu-

I refer to the interest in unity. In ously.

science this is called consistency inthought, respect for the logical The religious person, then, is NATURAL principle of noncontradiction. In quite universally faced with thereligion we are prone to think of it task of discovering some way of GAS

in terms of order, peace. However, providing living quarters for thistheology, especially Mormon theolvery profitable servant, science, HEAT

violating without his religious andogy, principle the has popularized fires to or kindle intellectual sense unity. of There thein that well "axiom"known to ashes haul more Notend—noniore are of accomplishing that two ways conflict. will truths never soot or ortwo smoke more—no

task: achieve sift a reconciliation to the through house (1) fact the out of probwhich The

chilly mornings more science between religion, and or—nodust is a factlem exsimple grows of or are cold establish corners—those called been (2) have whatperience; namely, value do both we the of of advantages some logictight in the compartmentsscience religion. leat! gas regard and We

life, mental one for compartment as value, as both havingthem this have you can now And religious ideas for another and for truth.standing the For some service lowest the at modern scientific ideas. latter This method fails eitherperson value to one cost installation ever who known.

is easier, the therefore the and most the religion, scienceof there or two,

Take advantage of our is no problem of unifying the two. popular—for the human mind is

He achieves unity by excluding the notoriously lazy, content to put unvalued. But the fact is that reup with any makeshift sort of CLEARANCE SALE

ligious people, generally, do value mental housing.

science. They value it for the very But this is analogous to having on

religions,simple two reason one that they for Sunday and use it. And Conversion Burners another beneficial its use for the daily remaining to proves days of

themselves and their fellows. By the week. Indeed, insofar as re- 'ifour furnace can be changed

it the burdens of work have been ligion is belief, this is having two to burn Natural Gas for only lifted from the shoulders of human religions; for it amounts to emslaves. It has brought continents ploying one set of theories and $

together through instruments of doctrines in the laboratory, and transportation and communicascience classroom, the operating tion. Human life has been nearly room, the daily tasks of practical

doubled through its application to life, and then discarding these ideas COMPLETE the problems of health. In every for another set in teaching religion

act of life, almost, it is possible to and living it. If the practice of Modernizethis winter.withComeNaturalin Gasfor

use to advantage the knowledge and having a special religion for Sunfull details.

skills resulting from 'ientific enday is to be branded as inconsistent, deavor. Not only do religious even as hypocrisy, no less true is it

people as individuals use the rethat logictight compartments are sults of science, but, equally, reliregarded with disrespect by the gious institutions welcome her as a scientific minded peoples, the intelUTAH GAS & COKE CO.

friend and helper. Consider the lectually sensitive. Since MormonMormon use of the achievements ism claims to be scientifically reOGDEN GAS CO.

of scientific research. The radio, spectable, and since she finds it conand the knowledge and skill of venient to employ science in her WASATCH GAS CO.

physicians and surgeons in the L. crusade against evil and in the prac702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER. 1934

effort to face tical work of social betterment—cere and determined

for which she is crusading, the the problem of harmonizing science wiser plan would seem to be a sinand religion.

Let/s Talk About gardwho forfromthe thetruth.choirLikewise,chair singsshe

Personality thewitherringgreat one"fervor,and"speakhastensgentlyhomeof (Continued from page 661) ward to feed the fires of neighbor- - hood gossip with each juicy morsel

Printed which comes her way, may find forms help within the circle of his family, is the teaching of moral precepts in you do the unbending in his interpretation of her home, a mockery.

same work moral issues and vindictive in his in less time. punishment of offenses, is a pitiful pUNDAMENTAL truth is eterspectacle and will be a miserable nal and unchanging but we are

failure. Adaptability, plasticity, still searching for it and in the

these are the qualities that make for meantime, we find as we translate progress and development. Miller experience, that truth as we knowPrinted says, in effect, that we are not potit, is relative, like good and evil,

ters of clay, to mold children to that it may change, that it has our will as a potter shapes a vase, many aspects. It is the part of

but gardeners to care for and nurwisdom to discern truth fromForms ture the tender plants in our keeperror, not by a passionate adhering. In short, we would do well ence to literal truth at all times but

to teach our children selfreliance by a careful, respectful inspection. Save Time for I firmly believe, with Seabury, There may be and often are extenthat the broad road of selfreliance uating circumstances surrounding

Have you investigated is a surer and a happier way than the telling of what is literally an the time saving possibilithe mere practice of selfcontrol. If untruth. We must be willing, have I can help my child to choose for the moral courage to see these cirties of printed forms aphimself the better course of action cumstances in relation to the entire

plied to your particular and follow that course because he matter. If we can make it possible,

actually wants to follow it, I have as Seabury suggests, for our chiljob or business? One of helped him to develop. If his dren to see that "truth depends

our specialists in this field decision is the result of thoughtful upon a knowledge of laws and will gladly help you consideration on his part and not principles, that right action is defrom persuasion on mine, if he pendent upon insight into the make any survey and comes, of his own accord, to beforces of creation, that real wisdom give suggestions. lieve that happiness will reward his is never the result of mere opinion,

decision and thereby he desires to convention or belief,"a new world follow the better way, I am helpwill open before them. They will

ing him to avoid moral confusion, learn never to judge by appearances, for he has enlisted the aid not alone never to measure actions by themof his mental faculties but of his selves. One author beautifully exemotions as well. He not only has presses this thought in the follow29 Richards Street decided what it is best to do but he ing words: "The Light of Lights

Salt Lake City, Utah wants to do it, as well. If, on the shines on the motive, not the deed.

other hand, I substitute a system of The Shadow of Shadows, on the rigid selfcontrol, I am making it deed alone."

BE INDEPENDENT difficult, if not impossible, for my In our constant endeavor to

No Other Vocation So Profitable! child to make a discriminating guide youths'footsteps toward the

ENROLL NOW choice or learn to discipline himself goal of a charming and well inteFor a Complete Course at the for I am reckoning without taking grated personality, we shall coninto consideration his emotional stantly try to tread the middle

Quish School Of Beauty Culture set up and emotions are stronger path, avoid moral confusion and

The Best in the West than reason or logic. Such a sysconflict first by setting in order our

304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. tem is dangerous. own moral concepts and second, by

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH If we would teach selfreliance, helping to strengthen our children

For Further Information we must be honest. The mother in their ability to evaluate, to dis-

'ci and Catalog Call who expects the strictest honesty criminate, to separate all that is true 7560 Wasatch or from her children, yet who does and fine and worthy from the base, 'V Fill in This

Coupoa not hesitate to falsify to the streetthe false and the refuse. This done,

car conductor about little Willie's the words of Polonius to Laertes in age, is setting up for herself a task Shakespeare's Hamlet will become impossible of accomplishment if the masterkey to our code of \ she would teach Willie a high remorals.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, I9'3 4 703

To thine own self be true And it must follow, as the night the day Thou canst not then be false to any The Church Needs Writers of Power man. - 4 castingNewspapers,Companies,Magazines,the Movies,Radio areBroadcall- finish ing for writers of Mispower. and

sion Presidents for asking areA Romance of men write. needs can who Church women TheTwo Cities and calls writers to can these respond who

in {Continued, from page 652) with of quality material high order that =- 4 her messages from her own point of view her basket. It had not been may be given to the world. As always,

touched. the Church University stands ready to

"You have not taken your toll,"serve.

she reminded him. IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN

The Lamanite snatched it hastWRITING ily, emptied a full twothirds of SEND FOR OUR HOME STUDY the contents in the bin, then set it CATALOGUE none too gently on her shoulder. Address: Extension Division

Beneath the veil, Zena's eyes blazed. rigid. Her body grew

angrily, contract Brigham Young University She cried "The says but onehalf."PROVO, UTAH

He laughed. J

"Just so will the Lamanite take and take, until the Fair One bows in hunger to him."

He stepped nearer, but Zena fled. When REAL MISFORTUNE

He watched until she disappeared in the shadows, then going to the gate Hits You he inspected the ponderous locks;

afterwards making his way to the It Is Good To Have watchtower above the wall. The guard, just coming on duty, was INSURANCE

preparing for his night's vigil.

Nanaaha stepped onto the balcony Insurance that really insures is the only kind we write.

and looked into the night. Far

to the northeast, he could dimly see UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. the lights in the towers watch of

City, Utah Shilom, while farther to the east HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake

and south, though too far to be seen, gleamed the watch towers of

Shemlon. Beautiful cities, both, a!

and wealthy. Between them and

this city, LehiNephi, lay broad Salt Lake Gity's Newest Popular Hotel fields and spacious vineyards;

haunts of the herdsmen too-—to all were that they HOTEL value—andthe south were mines of untold

might swell the coffers of the mighty Lamanites; and he, the Mighty One. was second to the TEMPLE

King only. His chest swelled with

pride. SQUARE "Dogs of Nephites,"he cried

exultantly. "Soon they shall 200 Rooms each with

come whining at the feet of the Tile Bath

Mighty One."Rates

Suddenly he leaned forward, every muscle tensed. Along the $1.50 to $4.00

great moonbathed pavement that Radio Connections for cut through forest and field came Every Room a figure running swiftly and unerringly toward the walls. A moOpposite Great Mormon Temple

ment he watched, then turned and ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager

quickly descended the stairs.

(To be Continued) pvov sxi jxnvAOvoxAl

efficient be to learning I been have while mother. But and AUDITORIUM SINGS AT CITY CHOIR SALT LAKE

a manhunt concentrating on and girls are wiser being other conat the sang they where Chicago return their from some buy would advertisements believe the we to were we—if Fair,ON Chicago at the 'all in Motor desire Company of the cession Ford us give we drug, would special or which soap,

the Tabernacle Choir of Salt Lake City arranged a stop on their life, but things are deeper than that. We hear much of the

homeward trip in order to visit Independence. This fine Godgiven privilege it is to be a wife and mother in Zion,

choii', containing more than 250 voices including some excelbut is it necessary to lose our selfrespect, our ideals, and lent solo artists, was accompanied by Heber J. Grant, President sometimes even our virtue to achieve this noble goal?

of the Utah Church. I would appreciate a discussion on this point, not by old

Through the kind offer of Elias Woodruff, President of married folks, but by the young and the unmarried. For

the Central States Mission of the Utah Church, the members obvious reasons I prefer to remain anonymous.

of the two churches as well as many other citizens here were i i i given an opportunity to hear this famous choir. The AudiDear Poetry Editor,

torium easily accommodated the audience of more than four T CAN'T tell you how proud I am of the poetry department the occasion. present on peoplethousand who were issue gets 'better and Era. Each entire of the

selections from consisted of 'missionaries'The program use as among my issues to—in fact,I save the sacred, operatic i-betterer*.

tastes. of The a wide variety to suit numbers popularand friends. it. nonMormon heard appreciated who by those very greatly wasprogram issue I read Marilene Bloomfield's poem, 'Our In the August

In an interval between parts of the program, President Desert', and I couldn't resist giving my version of that conideals the concerning address inspirational a short gave I poet,Grant realize desert'. I'm no called 'the earth the dition of

in spoke Smith Frederick it President church. M. effort, hisof but maiden to use able be won't you my perhaps and

service. the close of the near Reorganization the of imagine can't that's something! feelings, relieves You and my

published Sept. 25, 1934, of Herald,"Saints desert. years of "The in accumulate two can feelings—Frombehalf one many how

Latter of Christ Day of Jesus Reorganized Church the for often nearly Culmsee verse Carlton nice What writes—not

Missouri. Saints, Independence, a that realize (I number use Please don't name my enough.

i 1 i of my neighbors prefer this type of country).

TESTIMONIAL LETTER ALIEN 31, 1934 August peaceful."said, "The THEY'Mr. Peterson: the cattle I saw lie—desert's

not think but would are not members of your church, bloodshot eye. lolling, swollen tongues ParchedWE to The Improvement our subscription dropping of iced mountain streams one who knew Era. To

family. entire for the It is 3 magazine wonderful awry. seemed country This

Alfred W. Hulmes Blank blot upon a retching earth

Grosse Pointe Park Where sand and air were dry.

Michigan. i i i 'They'said, "The desert's beautiful."

WHAT ABOUT IT BOYS, AND GIRLS TOO? AndFlamingthen—IsunsetsawagainstLove adie,taunting sky.

Dear Editors: Oh valleys green, Oh memories sweet.

TN the February issue you ran a very interesting article on Oh mountains cool and high -'foundations for a happy marriage. It contained a lot of I stand here in the desert dark. idealistic material, grand ideals concerning preparation for My heart—one aching cry.

the marriage state. Because I have tried to live up to such ( i 1

left good of out at being home, staying I find myself ideals DISTRICT AUSTRALIAN WEST a breaking with I sport, a now, and not because times am Avenue, Churchill 313 with along me, fast my slipping from all illusions heart, with

Australia, Subiaco, W. years hence, when line, not I that nearing many youth, am

17, 1934 Aug. Editors: Dear at Just me. laugh or me, feel for sorry to begin will people

stature in a contrast very decided as form we is too deep hurt INASMUCH one, embittered an my an maid—not go, to little wherever happen we cause comment no and wondering. for oldthat-—but furthest in the posmissionaries Anderson, and Bott Elders we. beautiful with their girls womanhood begin young Most

sible exile the of from Land life, babies home of and happy marriage, ideals love and of as that Zion, think inasmuch honesty, virtue, of lofty principles these fine and based on all at all read times and have for we training heritage, and education, health, sincerity, good married life, but one by one they drop them as they find thought upon the subjects conthat boys are not interested. Instead they set themselves tained within the covers of The

behind a m:ask of insincerity, never daring to be true and Era, and have enjoyed the congenuine, and rather than to hold their sex as something tents very much, that some of

folks the would good at home appeal. But to flaunt they learn holy, sacred and it—sex like to get of the a view Long babies and happiness. We home, a husband, it gets them

in Short and of Mormonism those ideals to hold enough few if see Australia, Western and more. those holding are ideals—nothingto still a consuch they observe can of standards the highest taught been I have Allleft—justwhomy arelife foolish

morality in an L. D. S. home and it has been my ambition trast in us as to make us such

to have an L. D. S. home of my own some day and teach these really conspicuous characters.

same standards to my children. If I ever should have children Maybe its the attire we are

now, I am wondering myself if I would teach my girls these garbed in, anyhow we enjoy standards and spoil their lives as mine has been. I have the work of the ministry, and

tried to analyze myself, (I can only tell my story, but there short or long, the work goes are dozens like it.) I am not beautiful, but not bad looking. on.

I have better than the average education, being a college As Elder Bott looks up at Elder AnderMay you always remain an nations. to the Ensign school. private son eastern of 'also an graduate a graduate and

at Elder Anderson Elder down And Forrest Anderson Elder (Long) cooking, arts all of the the home, in trained I have been S""'and to in order trade, in a etc, as as well care, child dollars, sewing, your bet Yankee can be You i n -nBott. plot. (Short)/o. Elder in the meeting There's efficient Melvmt a street wife I be an believe I would truly selfsupporting.

Supporters of President Roosevelt's New Deal

I

REP. J. WILL ROBINSON SENATOR WILLIAM H. KING REP. ABE MURDOCK

Utah's representation in the United States Congress seek reelection on the simple platform of the

NEW DEAL. All three of these stalwart men have loyally supported the President in the vast

work of recovery; all are familiar with the program and have vital projects to carry on.

Senator King is ranked as one of the "big five"in the Senate, with all the seniority, prestige and influence that such leadership implies. His effective work in safeguarding the beet sugar industry,

the rehabilitation of silver and in the securing of many reclamation projects for Utah are too well known to require emphasis here.

Representative J. Will Robinson is one hundred Representative Abe Murdock has proved himpercent with the President. He has sponsored self a vigorous and courageous representative legislation which protects the water supplies of Utah's interests—with notable work in beand water sheds of Utah communities; has sehalf of farming, livestock and mining. Was a

cured land grants for the University and proleader of the House silver bloc and was chosen to make a national radio broadcast on silver legmoted legislation that safeguards our schools; islation. Largely through his efforts, approis chairman of the group that put through the priations for Utah State Agricultural College

JonesCostigan Bill protecting our sugar induswere continued. Has been highly effective in

try. A capable and fearless man. securing P. W. A. appropriations.

judge James H. Wolfe, who seeks election to

the Supreme Court, is ideally qualified—by

training, experience and a broad, sympathetic understanding of human problems. He

has been called "the least reversed judge in the United States."A pioneer in workmen's

compensation legislation. Former member

Board of Regents of University of Utah.

Former assistant attorney general. Graduate

engineer and graduate of law school.

Joseph Ririe, seeking election to the office of state treasurer, was elected state auditor in 1916. Has been secretary and treasurer of

six different companies over past score of

JUDGE JAMES H. WOLFE years. An honest and capable man. JOSEPH RIRIE

Vote the the New i;eal DemocraticMet and Support

(Political Advertisement Paid by State Democratic Committee)

WI1AI ty mi WHEN YOU INVEST

UNQUESTIONED STACONFIDENCE IN THE PERSONAL INTEREST

BLITY OF THE INSTIMEN WHO DIRECT ITS IN YOUR INVESTMENTn TUTION HANDLING B BUSINESS AFFAIRS. B AND A SATISFACYOUR FUNDS. ASSURANCE OF FAIR. HONTORY INTEREST EARNING

EST DEALINGS. ON YOUR SAVINGS.

LIFETHIRTY YEARS'SERVICE HAS EARNED FOR THE BENEFICIAL

FULL CONFIDENCE OF THE PUBLIC ON ALL THREE COUNTS—

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY

DIRECTORS

HEBER J. GRANT

J. REUBEN CLARK, JF?.

GEO. J. CANNON I

E. T. RALPHS

JOS. F. SMITH

B. F. GRANT

DAVID O. McKAY

A. B. C. OHLSON

HEBER J. GRANT. PRESIDENT RALPHS. GEN. Mgr.