Vol. VII. The Glory of God is Intelligence. No. 10.

IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Organ of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

PUBLISHED BY TBE GENERAL BOARD.

Joseph F. Smith,,.. HbberHkbrr J.J. Grant,Grant, )J ]Business Bdw. H. Anderson, j allorThos. Hull, J Managers.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as Second Glass Matte*.

AUGUST, 1904.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Portrait of Abraham O. Woodruff

Portrait of Helen Winters Woodruff

Joseph Smith as Scientist. X Dr. John A. Widtsoe 737

In Memoriam—Death of Apostle Woodruff Edward H. Anderson 743

Resolutions The General Board 744

A Tribute Prof. Willard Done 745,

Talks to Young Men. X—On How to Read 747

Seeing, They See Not Prof. J. H. Evans 753

Living for Things that Count Rev. Hillis 766,

Adventures of a Pioneer. IV Hon. John M. Horner 767

Work for the Dead. A Poem Henry E. Home 772 The Bible—English Revision, 1881, American

Standard Revision, 1901 Frederic Clift, M. D. 774

Two Answers. A Poem Ruth May Fox 778A Trip to Cuba. II—Havana; III—Population

of Cuba Dr. Joseph M. Tanner 779 Some Leading Events in the Current Story of the

World—Railroad from Damascus to Mecca—

The War in Manchuria—From a Japanese Point of View—Russia's One Victory—Jewish Clergy Limited—VicePresident for Mexico—Venezuela's Fifteenth Constitution—Race Suicide—A Fair Record—The

Rubber Business.. Dr. J.M. Tanner 786

Editor's Table—Like the World President Joseph F. Smith 796

Notes 7gg In Lighter Mood 799Our Work—M. I. A. Annual Conventions 80O

Responsibility of Officers Josiah E Hickman 802

Discussion by George N. Child 805

Discussion by....."Emma Whitney Pyper 807

Events of the Month 809

SALT LAKE CITY:

214 + 215 TEMPLETON BUILDING.

Published Monthly. $2.00 Per Annum

JOIItC.liCUIII.Pnti. THtlT.IUITN.lM.. i. IUITII, Trw

Keep JHoney at Hone BURTON COAU—> By Insuring LUMBER CO.

in the Don't ALL KINDS OK Carry 60flL Your ALL KINDS OF LUMBER Wholesale and Retail.

OwnHOME LUMBER IN CAB LOTS A SPECIALTY.

Risk. Office, 60 W. Second South Street.

Yards, Cor. Fifth South and Third Vert Sta.

Telephone 808. FIRE

T8H. or * STATE BAJIK UTAH UTAH Accounts Solicited,

Correspondence Invited.

DIRECTORS. OFFICERS AND

President. F. Smith,Heber J. Grant & Go. Joseph

ffm. B. Preston, VicePresident.

GENERAL AGENTS. CharlesHenry t.S.McEwan,Barton, Cashier.Asst. Cashier.

Heber J. Grant Jos. D. Mardock

A. W. Carlson Heber M. Wells

112026 South Main Street, Salt Lake City. Byron Groo Isaac Barton

SAhTAIR BEACH Xr;e greatest ar;d Grandest pavilion ir; ti)e United States.

<?st salt U/ater Batr;ir;o Resort it) tf;? U/orld. X F* n

"P?e target apd finest Dageigg pioor ir; flmeriea.

1 0O bath houses built this year In deep water. New hardwood floor jost laid on the dancing pavilion.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

WE DON'T KEEP NO!

Pianos and Organs.

WE SELL THEM.

Z$> 3$ Zfi DAYflES & SOJHNEY PIANO CO TH9 MONGYBHCK PSOPLE.

4050 Richards Street. Salt Lake City.

E=.O. BOX Tx7\

MISSIONARIES THE LITERARY DIGEST

should write to or call on the "All the Periodicals in One."

Illustrated An weekly magazine with Interesting lnSALT LAKE KNITTING WORKS fonuatlon adequately covering all the chief subjects for their of human Interest, as selected, translated, and digested from the world's choicest periodical literaHOSIERY, UNDERWEAR AND "GARMENTS"ture.

btfore leaving for their fields of labor. Should you become one of its regular readers?

ls when your tlme It Precious enables BECAUSE ** lo you the most make of every readWe hav a full line of ing providing moment, with you the of cream

WHITE SHIRTS, HOSIERY, NECKWEAR valuable periodicals. 1,U00

8elects translates, digests, reor "BECAUSE prints ihei best literature to be found9ir Specialty is KNITTED "GARMENTS."in the numberle s periodicals all trintedin lands,

We have them in Cotton from $1.00 up givingskill anditsdiscrimination.subscribers the benefit of expert editorial and in Wool from $1.75 up.

ORDBR BY 3BERIU PROT2I US. BECAUSE Uyourenable8expendituresyu to greatlyfor periodicalseconomize

it to possible making get th best in a greater num ordering "Garments"send When your than ber could you ever subscribe for for—this weight, chestheight, of length measure and single subscription.sleeve to

BECAUSE Digkstreg"lar becomereaders versatileof Theon Litebabtall sides in pol Salt Itake Knitting Works, ofltlcs,topicsscience,of currentliterature,interestart, andreligion,discussionetc.

Salt iiak* City, Utah THE IiITERAY DIGEST Mgr. R. SMITH, JOSEPH

DIRECTORS: $3.00 a Year. $ir>$le Copies 10 etj

Joseph F. Smith, President.

Rudger Clawson, VicePresident.

Thomas null. FUNK & WAGNAfaliS C0]flPA|W

Joseph Nelson, Alvln F. Smith. NEW YORK

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

THE PRESTIGE OF AN OED NAME

sometimes causes imitation.

is only one TaylorRomney-ArmstrongCo., THERE

organized in 1869, and still doing business under the same name. Be sure you get the name right.

sell lumber of all kinds No need to tell you that we and everything else that is usually sold by a firstclass yard.

mill lots of it. Other We also do custom work—yes,

dealers who send us their mill work tell us they do so because the work is done better than elsewhere. No

*ioubt that is the reason. Suppose you try it.

TAYhOMO|WflEYflHlWSTKOflG-GO South Temple and Seeond West.

SAVE YOOR MONEY, AND WHEN YOD GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COHPANY.

4 Per Cent Interest PaM on $1. to $5,000.

OFFICES.

Joseph F. Smith,

President Anthon H. Lund

VicePresident.

George M. Cannon

Cashier.

Lewis M. Cannon,

Asst. Cashier

DIRHCTORB.

Joseph F. Smith

Anthon H. Lund

John R. Winder,

T. G. Webber

James Jack John T. Caine

Angus M. Cannon

Francis M. Lyman

George Reynold* L. John Nnttail

Angus J. Cannon

A. O. Woodruff

Hyrum M. Smith

No I. MAIN STREET, SALT LAKE CITY UTAM.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2011 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

http://www.archive.org/details/improvementera0710unse

ABRAHAM OWEN WOODRUFF Born November 23, 1872; died June 20, 1904.

HELEN WINTERS WOODRUFF Born September 24, 1873; died June 7, 1904.

Vol. VII. AUGUST, 1904. M). 10.

JOSEPH SMITH AS SCIENTIST.

BY DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE, DIRECTOR OF THE AGRICULTURAL

EXPERIMENT STATION, LOGAN, UTAH.

X.—SOME FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLES RESTATED.

Questions that have been asked concerning several of the earlier articles of this series seem to make it desirable that some of the fundamental principles of science, and the corresponding doctrines taught by the Prophet Joseph, be restated.

Science is held together by numerous great laws which are simply the concentrated expressions of certain portions of man's knowledge. The laws of science themselves are connected by

more comprehensive and, therefore, more fundamental laws, until it is found that ultimately, a very few great laws express in a general way all existing knowledge. These most fundamental

laws of nature are naturally the most important, since all secondary or simpler laws are in general correct, to the extent only that the greater laws are correct.

One of the fundamental laws of nature is that matter is indestructible, and that its total quantity in the universe is constant, that is, that it has always been and always will be the same in quantity that it is today. The matter of the universe exists in

more than seventyfive distinct forms or elements, as silver, gold, iron, copper, zinc, tin, magnesium, etc. It has been the dream of

738 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

many students of nature that, sometime in the future, it would be possible to convert any one of these elements into any other, as for instance, iron into gold, or tin into silver; and numerous unsuccessful efforts have been made to solve the problem. At the

present time there is no evidence of real scientific value that indicates that it is or shall be possible for man to convert one form of matter into another. What the future may do to make possible the transmutation of the elements, we do not know; but many

scientists of high repute hold that the various elements are only manifestations of one fundamental element, so firmly organized that it is beyond man's power to resolve them into the primeval element. The doctrine of the persistence of matter and the

eternal nature of the elements is properly ranked as the fundamental doctrine of science.

Another fundamental scientific law deals with energy. Matter

alone is dead; it becomes living only when it is in motion. Matter

in motion has the power to do work, that is, it possesses energy.

The quantity of energy in the universe is also constant; that is, it

is the same today as it has been in the past, and shall be in the future.

The energy of the universe manifests itself in various forms, as heat, light, electricity, gravitation, magnetism and chemical affinity.

One of the great achievements of the last century Was the proof that although energy is indestructible, it may be changed from one form into another, and thus at one moment be capable of affecting man's senses, and in the next incapable of so doing. Light

may easily be changed into heat, heat into electricity, electricity into magnetism, magnetism into light, and so on through the numerous forms of energy known to man. For many years it has

been evident that there must be one form of energy which is fundamental and to which all other forms revert, under the ordinary prevailing conditions. This form of energy, which is behind all

the phenomena of nature, has not yet been discovered, but it is the hope of scientists that it may be revealed in the near future.

A third fundamental natural law deals with the material which fills all space. The passage of light from the sun and stars

to the earth, the transference of electrical forces from place to place, without man's intervention, and other similar phenomena, led to the belief that the whole universe is filled with some maJOSEPH SMITH AS SCIENTIST. 739

terial, though subtle, substance which enables energy to be carried from place to place. Later investigation made it necessary to accept the hypothesis that such a substance actually exists, and to it

has been given the name luminiferous ether, or simply the ether.

It is now believed that the whole universe, including the space between the ultimate particles.of the elements, is filled with this

wonderful worldether. According to this doctrine, pieces of iron

or gold or wood or water or flesh contain, uniformly distributed throughout them, a certain quantity of ether; light becomes nothing more than a definite kind of vibration of the ether; heat becomes simply another kind of vibration, electricity still another,

gravitation still another, and so on. Light is carried from the

sun to the earth by waves in the ethereal ocean; electrical currents

envelop and penetrate the earth, in the form of similar ether waves. The ether holds all things in the universe together; by

it, happening things upon the most distant stars will be felt in one form or another by all other heavenly bodies. Many believe

that even thought itself is simply a peculiar vibration or motion of the ether, and that a thought once produced will radiate to the limits of space, and may even be intercepted and understood by those who are in possession of the proper receiving apparatus.

Many scientists believe that this worldether is the original matter from which the various elements have been produced, and their hope is that man shall be able, at some future day, to organize this ether into any element that he may desire.

These conceptions, then, are fundamental in modern science:

the indestructible nature of matter, and the present impossibility to convert one element into another; the indestructibility of energy, and the possibility of converting one form of energy into another; the evidences of a medium, the ether, by which all particles

of the universe are held together, and which enables the transference of all kinds of energy from one part of space to any other part of space. These laws represent, also, the substance of all

that is known of the universe by modern science.

Using these and other similar laws as a basis, Herbert Spencer developed his system of philosophy, which attempts to account for the ceaseless change in nature. He aimed at the law of evolution, which in its essence affirms that the world, or any portion

740 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of it, is either progressing or retrograding, and that the normal process is that of progression or evolution. After having developed

this principle, he confesses that some allpervading principle must underlie this allpervading process, and determines this ultimate principle to be the persistence of force; that is, the operation bymeans of the universal ether of.the universal, incomprehensible

force which appears as gravitation, light, heat, electricity, magnetism, chemical affinity, and other forms of energy. All modern

philosophers, who have worked according to rational methods, have come ultimately to the operation of the ultimate force as the ultimate explanation of all the phenomena of nature.

Now, it is a most marvelous truth that the philosophy inaugurated by Joseph Smith contains all the essentials of these fundamental laws of nature, and gives them the same weight as is given them by natural science. It seems even more marvelous, as has

been pointed out in previous papers of this series, that in the great majority of cases the Prophet Joseph anticipated the works of science in the enunciation of these fundamental laws of the world.

For instance, the Prophet Joseph most emphatically declared that matter cannot be destroyed, that it has existed from the beginning, and that it will always exist. He says also that the elements are eternal. There may be a deep meaning in this statement, well worthy of close investigation. By elements, he no doubt

means the different forms of matter in elementary conditions, such as iron, gold, silver, etc., and when he makes the statement that

these elements are eternal, it may be that he is simply voicing the truth of science, that the elementary forms of matter cannot by any known means be converted from one state to another. This is

not the place to make predictions, but it may be as well to remind the readers of this writing that the words of Joseph were always rich in meaning, and that in all likelihood this great prophet of

God has told the world of science that there is no need to hope, under present conditions, that it will ever be possible to transmute the elements.

Joseph Smith likewise taught that the energy of the universe is indestructible. He spoke of energy as intelligence, and said that

intelligence is eternal, and had never been created nor could ever

JOSEPH SMITH AS SCIENTIST. 741

be destroyed; and he went further, and said that the ultimate form

of energy is the intelligence of the socalled Holy Spirit, and that light, heat, electricity, and more evident forms of energy, are simply manifestations of this great form of energy. A discussion

of this subject will be found in the second article of this series.

Then again, the "Mormon"Prophet teaches that the space in the universe is filled with a substance known as the Holy Spirit, which corresponds in all of its particulars with the ether of the scientists. As a word of warning, it must be said that this Holy

Spirit is not the Holy Ghost, the third member of the Godhead, but is simply the medium whereby God is able to work his will throughout the vastness of space. According to the doctrines of "Mormonism,"the Lord is able to speak to any part of the universe by

means of the Holy Spirit which fills all substances, whether animate or inanimate, and by its means also any or all forms of energy, as electricity in the form of lighting, or in the form of the still small voice, may be directed to any part of the universe. It

is also a most remarkable fact that in this conception of a universal substance holding all things together, the "Mormon"Prophet should have anticipated the clear thinkers and most profound students of external nature.

Then again, the modern doctrine of evolution which says that the world is normally progressing, and that it must either progress or retrograde, is in perfect harmony with the views advanced by the Prophet Joseph, and he does not hesitate to teach that it is only through the intelligent operation of the Holy Spirit that the phenomena of life are controlled. The intelligent operation of the

Holy Spirit means, in the terms of science, simply the action of the fundamental form of energy upon the universal ether; thus again,

then, the "Mormon"prophet is in perfect harmony with the most learned of modern philosophers, and, as has been shown in other articles, anticipated them by many years.

Should the natural scientists of today construct a God according to the best known scientific facts, they would assume the existence of a great central force radiating energy into space, according to definite principles, and by means of the universal ether.

This is precisely the "Mormon"view. To the "Mormon,"God h

the greatest of all intelligent beings. By his intelligence and will,

742 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

he directs the universe by sending any force that he may choose to different parts of space by means of the Holy Spirit. By that

same medium every uttered word could otherwise be known to the governing God.

The parallelism between the foundation structure of modern science and that of the philosophy of "Mormonism"is so strong as to be finally convincing to all candid, unprejudiced minds. One

cannot apply logic to these facts, and arrive at an understanding of the means whereby the unlearned boy prophet acquired his knowledge. Something transcending human power must be assumed to be in "Mormonism;"in science that which transcends

human power is simply something not yet known, but not essentially different from that which man now possesses.

This bringing together of facts already discussed in earlier articles of this series has been done as a result of numerous questions that have been asked; and it furnishes perhaps a clearer and

more compact survey of the field.

Viewed in its philosophic aspect, the structure of "Mormonism"becomes luminously clear and simple. It is free from useless

theories and assumptions. It is a large and worldencompassing

structure, making the intelligence of God and man the center about which all other phenomena revolve. Of simple brilliancy

must have been the mind of the Prophet which was able to discover in the forgotten corners of thought the priceless gems of controlling, universal truth.

(to be continued.)

N MEMORIAM.

The death of Apostle Abraham Owen Woodruff was startling news to the Latterday Saints. Scarcely had they been informed

of the sad death of his wife, Helen Winters, when the news that he had died from the same dread disease, contracted while caring for her, came as a distinct shock to the people.

Apostle Woodruff was the youngest and one of the most active men of his quorum—constantly traveling among the people.

His wife on one occasion said: "I count the days for his return, but

I am always counting!"—so much was he away from home and

family.

There was a simplicity and kindness about Brother Woodruff that won men to him. There was a willingness to do that made

him a leader whom men would readily follow; and in his nature

was the touch of sympathy that won all classes to his bidding. He

was active as a colonizer, and possessed that broad nature so predominant in the pioneer. His speech, clear, simple, logical and

deliberate, was like soothing music to the irritable, and its ofttime humor turned anger into jovial pleasantry. His sympathies were

with the nether dog, and his pleading in high places went straight for justice to the struggling. He minced no words where chastisement was due, but when repentance came to the heart of the

chastened, he was first to sooth with words of love and acts of consideration. The characteristic spirituality, the unparalleled

energy, and the trusting faith of his revered father, had received lodgment in his heart, and well may the youth of Israel weep when we think of what might have been, if these had found full fruition in mature manhood, instead of being cut short in the very budding.

Considering his labors, his youth and strength, and the prospects before him, and contemplating the need of his help among the Saints, and especially among the young men of Zion, who 744 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

counted him a trusted leader and careful counselor, it is scarcely conceivable that it was the will of Providence that he should be taken; but God permitted it, and he will overrule the sad incident

both for the good of the people and for his cause.

We may rest assured that Brother and Sister Woodruff are safe and happy, will obtain their rewards, and will be assigned to enter upon new and energetic missions. And what of those who

are left behind? Ours to praise God, do our duties, deal justly

with our fellows, and by faith and good works prepare to follow them. The four little children who are left orphans thus suddenly will doubtless be well cared for, but the thought of their

loss and loneliness awakens in our hearts the tenderest emotions that may be satisfied by the performance of kind acts—emotions

to any child who may be within our reach, and who is in lack of companionship and sympathy. Edward H. Anderson.

We are confident that every young man in the Church will join the General Board in the sentiments expressed in the resolutions which follow, and which were neatly engrossed in book form, bound, lettered, and presented to the family:

Resolutions in memory of Abraham Owen Woodruff, passed by the General

Board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, Salt

Lake City, June 26, 1904.

In the providences of the Almighty, we are called upon to deeply mourn the departure from this life of our beloved brother and associate,

Apostle Abraham Owen Woodruff, who died in the city of El Paso,

Texas, Monday, June 20, 1904, but two weeks after the decease of his beloved wife.

Elder Woodruff was born on his father's farm, in the southern suburb of Salt Lake City, November 23, 1872, and spent his childhood and early youth in the dutiful performance of a boy's work around the farm, and in attending school. He was further educated in the Latterday

Saints'College, and then entered upon a commercial life in the employ of a local bank.

At the age of twentyone, he was called to go upon a mission to

Germany. He spent over two years in this field, in great faithfulness

and fidelity, administering to the salvation of his fellowmen; and

himself acquiring a profound knowledge and testimony of the Gospel of

Jesus Christ.

IN MEMORIAM. 745

Returning from this mission, he became intimately acquainted with the affairs of his father, President Wilford Woodruff, and was his closest confidant and friend during his latter days.

Under his father's hand, and to the infinite delight of his father's heart, he was ordained, on the 7th day of October, 1896, one of the

Twelve Apostles of the Church.

In his zealous discharge of the various and important duties of this high office he gave his whole life, in constant devotion and untiring activity.

He became associated with the General Board of the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations December 22, 1897, and he was a most active and energetic officer, and an inspiration of activity and energy in others.

In contemplating the almost faultless life, the devotion to honor and duty, the energetic, intelligent industry, the cheerfulness and sincerity of his friendship, the purity and friendship of his domestic life, the perfect faith in and devoted love of God and his fellow men, which were his characteristics It is Resolved, by the Superintendency and General Board, in behalf of themselves and the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations throughout the world;

That we recognize and commend the life of Elder Abraham Owen

Woodruff as the perfect example of what a young man's life should be;

That we mourn his absence, but submit in sadness to the Divine

Providence that has bereft his family of a father and mother, in so short a time, and under such unusual and trying circumstances;

That we weep with his aged mother and little children, and all his kindred, and appeal to the Author of our being for solace and comfort unto them; That we mourn with the Church in the departure of one whose labors were incessant, exemplary, most zealous and useful;

That we seek to know the mind and will of the Lord in our sorrow, and to acknowledge his wisdom in our bereavement.

I first became acquainted with Abraham Owen Woodruff when he entered the Latterday Saints'College as a student, at about the age of fifteen years. From that time until his death I had

the pleasure of being intimately associated with him in different capacities, and of becoming thoroughly familiar with his traits of character. If I were asked to name the most prominent of these

traits, I should say it was his thorough sincerity. Neither in his

746 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

student days, nor in later life, did he display the fascinating but often disappointing quality known as brilliance. This fact seemed

to be a source of regret to him in the latter part of his life; for

whenever he met me and we entered into conversation, he almost invariably apologized for the trouble he must have caused me by his slowness as a student. The apology was needless, but he was

always sincere in making it.

In his boyhood and in his manhood, Brother Woodruff manifested the qualities of integrity, diligence and faithfulness, all of which were the direct outgrowth of his sincerity. In the absence

of these, brilliance, the lack of which he so much deplored, counts for very little. Indeed, it acts as a foil against which defects of

character become painfully conspicuous.

It has been said that sincere friendship is one of the most precious gifts vouchsafed to mortal man, because it is disinterested. In the other relationships of life, selfinterest is a prominent element. But friendship, if it is pure and sincere, is based

not upon selfinterest, but on unselfish love. Therein, sincerity is

the strongest element. This quality made Brother Woodruff the

most faithful of friends.

His was an affectionate disposition. He was loving and lovable. The ice of reserve always melted before the warmth of his

nature. He was like a brother to all his associates. In whatever

relationship of business or social life he stood to them, they knew him first and foremost as a friend. In the Big Horn colony, that

feeling of love for him was most intense. Not only because he

was their leader and temporal and spiritual adviser did the people of the Big Horn Basin love him, but also and chiefly because he was to each one of them a friend and counselor. Steadfastness

and sincerity characterized his work in those colonies, as in all other fields in which he labored.

In the home, in the mission field, in the councils of the Church, and in his social life, he was wise, industrious, an able executive, a moral, upright, honest man. We recognized these traits in him,

and admired and loved him for them. But each one who knew

him will think of him most from another standpoint, and in another capacity: and will say with tears of joy that temper the grief felt

at his departure, "He was my friend!"Willard Done.

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN.

X—ON HOW TO READ.

We hear a good deal nowadays about what to read; and this,

to be sure, is a vital concern. But, unless I am greatly mistaken,

there is something connected with it which is of even more importance, and which we rarely say anything about, and that is how to read. The real heart of this question of reading lies here. The

person who knows how to read properly has already settled that other question of what to read. Not, therefore, how much we

read, nor even what we read, but always and everywhere, how we read. This idea, I trust, will be clearer presently.

To begin with, comparatively few people, young or old, know how to read. This may sound strange, but it is none the less a

fact. It is no small task for the average person to grapple with

written words. Considering the quantity of reading matter that

we have access to every day, it is absolutely incredible that so many people go through the world without acquiring the power of getting thougrt from the printed page. Of course, I don't mean

by reading merely "getting through"a book or an article, much less pronouncing the words aloud, but rather getting the thought, the whole thought, and nothing but the thought; and a great deal

of the feeling as well. Not particularly what is actually said,

though we should get that, too; but especially what is implied,

what is put so often "between the lines,"which we frequently do not see. In our hurry and scurry way of reading newspapers and

stories, we form the habit of reading everything else in the same manner.

And this suggests a useful distinction in reading matter which

Ruskin has drawn in his King's Treasures, a lecture that every 748 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

young man should read. "All books,"he says, "are divisible into

two classes, the books of the hour, and the books of all time.

Mark this distinction—it is not one of quality only. It is not

merely the bad book that does not last, and the good one that does. It is a distinction of species. There are good books for

the hour, and good ones for all time; bad books for the

hour, and bad ones for all time."He then goes on to say that

"bright accounts of books of the hour—theto this first class—the

travels, good humored and witty discussions of questions, lively or pathetic story telling in the form of novel, firm facttelling by the thisreal agents concerned in the events of passing history"—to

class of books we should put the proper value. "We ought,"he

declares, "to be entirely thankful for thpm, and entirely ashamed of ourselves if we make no good use of them. But we make the

worst possible use if we allow them to usurp the place of true books."This is a valuable word and should be treasured. A

good many people imagine they are reading if they go through the newspaper or magazine whenever it appears, or manage to get entirely through the printed matter between two covers every now and then; whereas, in fact, they have not been reading at all, because there was nothing in their hands to read. In this way we

I not say the same amount of time onsometimes,—shall often?—put

the merest balderdash in the latest piece of fiction that we would place on a real book, the embodiment of a great and genuine human life. This mistake it is fatal to make. Read the newspapers and magazines by all means, but know what you are doing

when you read them. That is all.

Consider for a moment the years of time and the great wealth of genius lavished upon a great book; for no really great book is

produced in much less than a lifetime. We have only one volume

each given by Homer,Dante,Milton,Shakespeare. Gray was the best

part of his life in writing his Elegy. Thackeray, probably the greatest English novelist, had spent years and years in studying eighteenth century society and manners—had, in fact, become more

familiar with that period than he was with the actual life of his own generation—before he attempted to write what is unquestionably the greatest historical novel in the language, if not in any

language. And today we have so called historical romances, not

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN 749

only by young and inexperienced men, but by men without any considerable talent, to say nothing of genius. And what is unaccountably strange, we put exactly the same amount of time on

The Crisis, a book that was dashed off by youthful and untalented experience, that we put on Henry Esmond, a work that contains the life's.blood of a genuine man. A good many of us prefer the

cheap jingles in the corners of the newspaper, or the "tinkling cymbals"of Ella Wheeler Wilcox, to the Elegy in a Country

Churchyard or the Sonnets of Shakespeare; the one costs no greater effort to produce than an ear for rhyme, while the other contains the soul of a mighty spirit. It 'is like diliberately choosing

a commonplace person to associate with, in preference to a really great one, or, rather, electing of our own free will to spend the same amount of time with the one as we do with the other.

What would you think of a person who should take what he knew to be a bogus coin instead of what he knew was a genuine?

Enough has probably been said to impress the fact that there ought to be a juster proportion or emphasis in the matter of reading. But it is still not clear, perhaps, how it is that we can

place the emphasis on the great writers; for I do not mean merely reading them oftener; I mean rather putting more time on single passages. We may, for instance, read Henry Esmond or Adam

Bede or Ivanhoe fifteen or twenty times (and a great book will really bear this) where we read today's "romances"only once. But

there is something besides this, not only in novels, but particularly in poetry. A great poet manages to put so much meaning into

words and phrases. Almost every word is freighted with a world

of thought and feeling. Ruskin, in the lecture from which I have

already quoted, points out an example of this in the phrase "Blind mouths"of Milton. This combination of words at first seems very

nonsensical, but is so only to the shallow reader. The poet has

been speaking of the false shepherds who neglect to feed the flock of Christ—bishops and pastors who neglect their duty. "A

bishop means a person who sees. A pastor means one who feeds.

The most unbishoply character a man can have is, therefore, to be blind. The most unpastorly is, instead of feeding, to want to be

fed,—to be a mouth. Take the two reverses together and you

have 'blind mouths.'"This phrase, instead of being meaningless,

750 IMPROVEMENT ERA

compels us, by its very "audacity and pithiness"to look closer at the phrase and remember it. This is a good example of the immense amount of thought and feeling which poets often put into

their words.

In reading, then, in the proper sense, there are two things that we ought to do. There is first the thought that is expressed

in conventional black marks which common consent has given certain meanings to. This is, of course, a mere intellectual process.

We have this to do before we can do anything further. There is,

then, in the second place, the feeling that the reader gets from the words he reads. Now, it requires time for the mind to picture

what it reads, and to form the feelings that come to the soul.

this is theThese in turn refer back to our own experiences—and

spirit of literature, the essence of reading.

But perhaps I can make my position clearer by giving two examples and following out, to some extent, the thought and feeling suggested by the written words. I know this "sign post"

method is often ineffective, even disastrous; nevertheless I shall

risk failure by attempting it.

The first is from Shakespeare's Macbeth. Macbeth is about to

go to battle against his enemies, with a soul harrowed by thoughts of bloodguiltiness; it is, moreover, his last and fatal battle, for

he meets his fate here. His wife at this critical point in his history takes sick. In response to the doctor's report concerning

her condition, Macbeth says:

Canst thou not minister to a mind diseased,

Pluck from the memory a rooted sorrow,

Raze out the written tooubles of the brain,

And with some sweet oblivious antidote,

Cleanse the stuff'd bosom of that perilous stuff,

Which weighs upon the heart?

No necessity for praising this fine passage. But what a

wealth of meaning and feeling there is here! The "mind diseased"

—not easy; and well might Lady Macbeth's mind be so, after her

bloody deed. The next line conceives sorrow as a plant "rooted"

in memory—each day the plant sends its roots deeper down into

the soil; and the doctor is requested to "pluck"it out. But there

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN 751

is a lavish profusion of imagery here; the poet revels in it. The

brain is, in the next line, a tablet on which "troubles"are "written."Can thedoctor "raze"them out? In the following line

Macbeth asks for something that will make the mind forget! It

may be that the sorrow cannot be rooted out, or that the troubles cannot be erased, but still there may be some "antidote"to make one forget. And then the fifth line: "stuff'd bosom;"what meaning is thrown into that phrase, if you have ever been in a room

filled with foul air, or in the dusty street where you could scarcely breathe; or, best of all for our purposes, had difficulty in catching

your breath by reason of an unutterable filling up of the bosom. I

have spoken only of the things suggested by the words; I might

also speak of those suggested, not by the words, but by the thoughts and feelings brought up by the words. This would take

us back into the heart of our own individual experiences; but as

these are different in different persons, it cannot be done without too much hazzard. But the point is, we should call up these experiences,

for herein lies the value of reading. We should call before us,

in imagination, the whole past that has a bearing upon the present moment's enjoyment. Then we should, like Wordsworth,

have joy, not only in the dancing daffodils, but in our picture of them—not only in the pleasure that they gave us, at the time we

looked upon them, but also in the fact that we took pleasure in them!

The second example is from the Bible. And here I wish you

to lay down this magazine and read John 8: 2-11, that passage

about the woman taken in sin. No matter if you have read it a

hundred times before; read it now. It is "early in the morning."

Does this bring any feeling to you? What feeling? What mornings come to mind? Describe one of these. See those men—it

is not the point. They bring adoesn't matter how many—this

woman to Jesus, taken in sin. Look into their faces. What do

you see there? What have they come for? to learn of Jesus or to

it's all inentrap him? "Now Moses in the law commanded us"—

these words. Jesus "with his finger wrote upon the ground."

They urge him to answer. "He that is without sin among you, let

him first cast a stone at her!"Again he stoops down and writes

upon the ground. And they "went out one by one, beginning at

752 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the eldest."Does this mean simply that they didn't stay? May

be; but that is not a thousandth part of the meaning. Look now

into their faces! What change is there? Here is the important

point, not whether they went out in single file or two abreast!

Stop as you read, that you may bring to bear upon it the thousand and one details that concern the subject; and when you do,

the picture is yours with all its meaning.

One other point. Thoughtful reading will do away pretty

nearly with the need of asking, "What shall I read?"Read carefully and you may be trusted to pick out the good from the bad.

You can't easily deceive a thoughtful person by putting into his hands cheap literature; he will detect the false ring. The sensational titles—"The Midnight Marriage,""The Sorrows of Satan,"

"The Romance of Two Worlds,"and other "rosecolored novels"have no attraction for him. Such a person would soon—would

find out how fruitless would be his efforts to subject this kind of books, or cheap newspaper rhymes, to the tests of thought which we have seen true writings may be put to. He would discover

that there is little else to them than "sound and fury, signifying nothing."But, of course, young people may learn from others

what are good books to read; for they do not wish to waste their

time. Nevertheless, on the whole, the old books are the best,

those that have stood the test of time; it is not for nothing that

they have survived. But the test of the old and the new, the good

books and the bad, verse or prose, is thoughtfulness in the reading.

SEEING, THEY SEE NOT.

BY PROFESSOR J. H. EVANS, OF THE LATTERDAY SAINTS UNIVERSITY, SALT LAKE CITY.

I.

Whenever in the past men have found it impossible to turn aside the force of a doctrine by decrying it, they have sought to cover it with odium by inventing for it a low origin. This method

is legitimate enough when only the facts in the case are brought out; for a stream can rise no higher than its source: but when deliberate falsehood and misrepresentation are resorted to, the doctrine is in reality confirmed, on the grounds that men will not resort to invention when truth will answer the purpose better. Thus,

when the Scribes and Pharisees of old sought to stay the progress of Christ's teachings, they affected to believe that the sneering questions, "Can any good come out of Nazareth?"and "Is not this

the carpenter's son?"a sufficient answer to arguments which their

greatest scholars were unable to confute.

It has been so in our day. The same methods have been employed to prevent the spread of "Mormonism;"and with precisely

the same results. Failing to turn aside the force of the current of

truth, evil men have cunningly sought to pollute the source.

"Why,"they ask with the utmost disdain, "did not the Lord select familya family of position and respectability to do his work—a

with such antecedents and such a character as would make it impossible for malice itself to detect any blemish? Why did he not

choose as the earthly instrument of his work, a man of scholarship, refinement, experience, goodness? Why, above all, did he not

produce a work the miraculous character of which would be so manifest to everyone that the dullest might easily recognize it?

Some such outward conformity with the times is indispensable as a sign to the world. "If there were such signs, 'Mormonism,'"they

754 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

declare, "would be easily known, and all men would embrace the truth."Surely such reasoning as this ignores the plainest teachings of sacred history. When, we might ask, has God ever chosen those

whom the world has accounted great ones of the earth, to be his ministers of salvation? Our only source of information on this

point is the records of God's dealings with the Jews. The answer

is "They were the people through whom he chose to give religious light to the world."True enough, but such they were not regarded

by contemporary nations. Indeed, it was just the opposite of this.

They were among the most despised of the earth. So far as we

have any record, among other peoples, of any sentiment entertained for the children of Jacob, that sentiment was almost invariably one of utter detestation. Their origin, if we accept the judgment of neighboring people, was "low and despicable."They were

descended from an obscure shepherd; and the occupation of a

shepherd was held, by the most civilized nation of antiquity, in the greatest contempt. For, when they were first brought into Egypt

in Joseph's day, the haughty Pharaoh set them apart from his people for fear of contamination. Their austere theology seems not

to have attracted any attention whatever from the cultured Greek.

And in the eyes of the proud Roman, the Jewish nation appeared in the same light as any other of the thousand weak and rebellious provinces which the Roman eagles had conquered. And what has

been the history of this people since the days of Christ? The same

contempt and ignominy have pursued them. Even the followers

of the lowly Nazarene have united in heaping upon them every shame and humiliation. No part of the earth has furnished a resting-place for the soles of their weary feet! The fearful countenance and crouching attitude of the Jew gave rise to one of the

most melancholy proverbs of the middle ages. To this very day

they are literally "a hiss and a byword"among all the civilized nations of the earth. Such were, and still are, the people through

whom God chose to reveal his word to man.

And what of the men whom the Lord chose out of this despised people to be his servants? Passing by in silence the political

and social leaders, the Lord, when the people clamored for a king, selected the obscure Saul, whom, when he sinned, he replaced by

SEEING, THEY SEE NOT. 755

the most unpromising son of a humble family. Amos was a herds

man of Tekoa, and a dresser of sycamore trees. The sublime Isaiah

was "the son of one Amos."Peter, and James, and John were unlettered fishermen. Matthew was a man whose occupation the

Jews themselves looked upon with the utmost contempt. Nay, our

Lord and Savior, coming out of the most despised province of a despised people, was himself, as has been pointed out by Christian scholars, connected with the heathen world through his genealogy, and "with the names of two, at least, whose personal guilt had been great."To Christians in general, this means only that humil-

2 ty and lowly circumstances are dignified, and that Christ came to save all. The very dullness of the apostles, in failing on so many

occasions to comprehend their Master's meaning, has often served as a but of clumsy ridicule among Christian scholars who do not deny the divine calling of the Disciples. But whatever purpose

there may have been in choosing the poor and unlearned to carry on the divine work, such at any rate has been the history of God's dealings with men.

It is not, however, to be inferred, from this reference to the past, that we apologize for the lowly origin of "Mormonism."No

apology is needed. It cannot be pointed out, except on the perjured testimony of declared enemies, that there is any serious blemish on the character of any of those connected with the organization of the Church. That they were poor is conceded; but poverty

is not a crime. That they were unlearned in the knowledge of the

schools is also admitted; but neither is illiteracy a violation of any

law. The Saints do not assert that this work originated, or that

it is continued, by reason of the learning or wealth or social position of its founders or present leaders, any more than these things can be claimed for ancient Christianity. Nor do the Latterday

Saints contend that any of those who were instruments in founding the Church were without sin. They were men with mortal weakness, and subject, like all men, to temptation.

Members of the Smith family, it is true, were religious, and "had dreams and visions."But does this destroy their character?

Is it expected that God would choose a family of infidels to convey his truth to men? This is the first time that piety has been regarded as a disqualification for a divine work, and the complaint is

756 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

the more astonishing as coming from those who claim to believe the dreams and visions recorded of the ancient Saints. With respect to the character of the prophet Joseph, it is sufficient to saythat any person who has been arrested forty times, at the instigation of his avowed enemies, and has each time been acquitted, can

well treat the charges made against him with disdain and silence.

For the most inveterate foe of the Saints will hardly contend that a class of people with a reputation such as the Saints have among those not of them, would be likely to succeed in browbeating so many judges and juries, under the circumstances that surrounded the trials of Joseph Smith, into pronouncing him innocent.

As to the nature of the first vision and the revelation of the

Book of Mormon, the same line of thought might be followed. That

these are new to this generation is nothing in their disfavor. There

is nothing in Scripture or reason from which it could plausibly be inferred that such things as revelations and visions are impossible or improbable. On the contrary, there are many things which indicate that these are intended as a special privilege of men. That

such manifestations have not been common is the fault of the times. Visions and angelic manifestations have always characterized the people of God. From Adam to John the Revelator, it was

so. Dreams enlightened the sleeping hours of Jacob, of Joseph, of

the wise men, and of the reputed father of Jesus. Angels visited

Abraham, Jacob, and the Virgin. The voice of the Lord spoke to

the boy Samuel, and to Saul of Tarsus. The Lord also spoke face

to face with Moses and other prophets. On at least two occasions

—at the baptism of Jesus and on the mount of Transfiguration

were the words used, "This is my beloved Son."Why should it be

thought strange that these things should occur today?

The Scriptures expressly declare that in the last days such things should actually come to pass. Joel says that old men should

dream dreams, and that young men should see visions. Christ, we

are told elsewhere, shall come in the clouds of heaven with great power and glory. The time is to be when the miracle of the Red

Sea shall be swallowed up in that greater one by which the Lord will bring the lost tribes of Israel from the land of the north. Indeed, some time in the future, miracles shall be so common that

Satan will bring down fire from heaven in order to deceive the

SEEING, THEY SEE NOT. 757

elect; and if there were no true miracle, at the time, the Devil

could hardly succeed in deceiving any one by performing a false miracle.

II.

But what need is there, it is often asked, of this new revelation and of this new Church? Have we not Christ and the Bible?

Have we not churches enough already? If this new revelation is

different from the old one, it is false; if it is the same, it is superfluous. In either event there is no excuse for its existence. To

this question, the Latterday Saints have a clear and simple answer.

The Church finds its justification in the present apostate condition of Christendom. The thousand sects of modern Christianity

bear no more resemblance to the ancient Church than the rags of the beggar to a new garment. The ancient Church was one, the

only division being into branches, but all under the direction of one head. Modern Christianity is divided into hundreds of warring,

contending factions, each governed by a separate head. Ancient

Christianity could not exist without divinely inspired officers; modern Christianity has no other support than mere human learning,

obtained at the schools. Ancient Christianity insisted that the

fruits of the spirit are revelation, visions, tongues and interpretation of tongues, prophecy, healings, and other manifestations of divine goodness; modern Christianity contends that it can do without these, on the plea that they are not needed in this enlightened

age. Ancient Christianity taught that baptism is essential to salvation, that it is for the remission of sin, and that it is to be administered only to those who are capable of believing in Christ

and repenting; modern Christianity teaches that baptism may be

performed at the option of the candidate, that the ordinance has no virtue to wash away sin, and that, if performed at all, it is to be administered according to the desire of the candidate, by sprinkling or pouring or immersion; and it is oftener administered

to infants, who can neither believe nor repent. In ancient Christianity, it was taught that no murderer has eternal life abiding in

him; in modern Christianity, the condemned criminal, his hands

red with the blood of his innocent victim, may, by confessing 758 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Christ in his dying moment, go immediately into the arms of the great Redeemer. Ancient Christianity instructed its followers to

be as wise as serpents and as harmless as doves, to await in peace the coming of the Just One, and to encourage good will among men; modern Christianity, on the contrary, not only looks on

passively at the increase of crime in the land, and persecutes those sects which in its opinion are wrong, but even encourages, at least by its silence, the destruction and wholesale robbery of nations that are too weak to offer resistance.

There would, of course, be no objection to this condition of things, if there were any warrant for it in a revelation to those who instituted the change. But not only is there no warrant for

it in new revelation, but these warring sects are united on this point of denying the necessity of any warrant through a new dispensation of God's will. For generation after generation

this idea has held sway over the Christian mind. It mattered

not that the Scriptures give no sanction to such a doctrine. Men

went on believing and teaching it, till their minds were in such a condition that the idea of new revelation would not be very likely to suggest itself.

It is not urged that this apostasy came about all at once, that men and women retired at night Christians to find themselves next morning outside the pale of the church; or even that it occurred

in one generation. The change happened gradually as day fades

into night. During the first three centuries after Christ, the

Church was harrassed and persecuted by Jew and Gentile, and thousands were put to death. In their scattered condition, it was

impossible for the leaders to exercise personal supervision over the Saints. Hence, little errors crept in here and there, which in

time became a fixed part of the religion. In those perilous times

the quorum of apostles was not perpetuated; and when these died,

there was no supreme earthy head to teach the same inspired doctrine to all the separate branches. And when revelation ceased,

men soon began to deny its usefulness. These branches left to

themselves, dwindled away from the truth, little by little, and in separate paths, till, under the "bishop"of Rome, a great many of the "churches"were brought to a reasonable harmony of doctrine, but not to the original way. Then followed those days of peace,

759 SEEING, THEY SEE NOT.

when the church suffered more from its contact with Paganism than it had during the days of persecution. The empire became

"Christian,"the church became popular; heathen minds received

the gospel when it was gradually moulded into a form different from that which it had originally worn. Concessions were made to

the heathen, in order to bring them into the fold. Doctrines were

changed; worship was made more gorgeous to correspond with

what the new converts had been accustomed to witness under

Pagan rule. That absurd and unscriptural doctrine of transsub-

stantiation and the elevation of the host was introduced. Immersion became sprinkling; the baptism of adults was succeeded by

the baptism of infants; the simple and lucid idea of the Godhead

became a hopeless muddle, in minds that were more accustomed to the sophisms of the Platonic philosophy; new offices, unheard

of in the New Testament, Were thrust upon the church; bishops lost

their standard of judging truth from error; and the whole procession of pompous and glittering falsehood marched down the

centuries, accumulating in kind as it went, until almost every remnant of Christian truth was overwhelmed in the darkness of the middle ages. Within the last three hundred years, good men, seeing the deplorable state of their faith, have sought to reform it;

but the church was long since beyond the power of the mere reformer. Without new revelation from God, they were utterly unable to tell what was correct and what was incorrect doctrine; a

fact that needs no proof, when we consider the countless divergent opinions on almost every Scriptural passage. Then, too, men had

no longer any priesthood, any divine authority to administer the gospel ordinances; for the true priesthood could not be transmitted through unholy vessels. Hence there was needed a new

opening of the heavens, a new restoration.

Not only is there no justification in the Scriptures for all this change, but the Bible expressly predicts that such an apostasy would take place in consequence of wickedness. Paul tells us

that the second appearing of Christ should not be "except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition."Even in his day "the mystery of iniquity"did "already work,"and it became necessary for the revelator to tell the

only churches remaining in Asia that God would spew them out of 760 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

his mouth, unless they became something better than merely "lukewarm."Indeed, no one can thoughtfully read the letters of the

apostles, to the various branches of the Saints, without perceiving in the whole tenor of them a warning against this fearful state of apostasy.

Moreover, the restoration of the gospel in the last days is predicted in the Scriptures, and in such a clear manner, too, that he who runs may read. It is certainly not unreasonable to suppose that the second coming of Christ will be heralded by a note

of warning to all the world, a trumpet call to repentance, a special dispensation of heavenly power and blessing. Nay, if we are to

judge by God's dealings with men in the past, such a thing ought to be expected by every devout soul. For, the universal deluge

of the earth was preceded by Noah's preaching for a hundred and twenty years, as the first advent of our Lord was announced by the

Baptist. Accordingly, the Lord has promised that the baptism of

our globe by fire will not come without warning. John tells us

that the gospel will be restored, that it will be in the hour of God's judgment, and that it will be by an angel. Isaiah predicts the

coming forth of a "book"which shall "speak out of the dust,"and points out the signs that will accompany the word—"the deaf

shall hear the words of the book, and the eyes of the blind shall see out of obscurity, the poor among men shall rejoice, and many shall rejoice in the Holy One of Israel."

It counts for nothing that men have not understood these prophecies of the apostasy and the restoration, and these tendencies of modern Christianity, or that they have spiritualized the

Scriptures into harmony with their preconceived notions. For

identically the same thing happened among the Jews before the

Lord's first coming, and during the time that he dwelt in the flesh.

That the children of Israel received the law through Moses; that

they periodically fell into transgression during the long course of their miraculous history; that they stoned the prophets who were

sent unto them; that their "wise men"perverted the plainest

teachings of their sacred records, when, through wickedness, they were deprived of divine guidance; and that during Jesus'day their

apostasy was complete,—these propositions there is no one today

who will dispute. And yet, did not these same Jews affect to beSEEING, THEY SEE NOT. 761

lieve that in Christ they had a perverter of the ways of God?

Did they not hold up their hands in pious horror at the actions of our Savior, in healing the sick on the Sabbath, and allowing his disciples to eat corn on the sacred day? The predictions concerning Christ's coming in the flesh are so plain that, had the Jewish

leaders not been smitten with spiritual leprosy, they could not have failed to know that Jesus was truly the Messiah. Indeed, it

has been a standing wonder for nearly two thousand years that they could not see this. The time when Christ should come, the

place where he should be born, the town where he should spend his days; his ancestry and lineage; a thousand details of his wonderful ministry, the manner and circumstances of his death; the

religious conditions of the Jews at his coming, the strange mission these things were to beand appearance of his forerunner,—all

found in the Prophets and Psalms, in the utmost plainness.

Nevertheless, the Jews, especially those whose business it was to read and expound the law, refused to believe, even when these minute predictions were pointed out to them. "Look and see,"

exclaimed the devout Sanhedrin to Nicodemus, when he attempted to defend the Master. "Look and see, for out of Nazareth ariseth

statement which they must have known to be ano prophet"—a

falsehood. But they had spiritualized the words of God. They

had sought deliberately to inject into these plain and sacred words meanings which they could not reasonably bear. They had conjured up a Messiah that "should break the yoke off their necks

a.king clothed in earthly splendor, and manifested in the pomp of

victory and vengeance. Their minds were haunted with legendary

prophecies, as to how he should stand on the shore of Joppa, and bid the sea pour out its pearls and treasures at his feet."Surely,

in the face of these bold facts, no one that stops to think will expect a message from God to conform to the illplanned and erroneous conceptions of men.

Indeed, when we consider the character of the earlier message, and for the matter of that, of any message that God has ever given to man, we might expect the very opposite of that to which we had always been accustomed in our own doings; for

God's ways are not like man's. Jesus declared that he came to

bring not peace, but a sword. At almost every point, his doc.

762 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

trines clashed with Jewish traditions; every detail of his earthly

life struck fire with the expectation that the people entertained concerning the Messiah. They expected a ruler; he was the servant of all. They looked for pomp and splendor, they found an

obscure Galilean, poor and lowly, without where to lay his head.

They anticipated political independence, but his kingdom was not of this world. To the learning of Hillel and the schools, he

opposed the education he had received in silence and loneliness.

John came "neither eating nor drinking;"lo! Jesus was "a glutton

and a wine bibber, a friend of Publicans and sinners."Thus it was

throughout his life. The accumulated traditions of a thousand

years he repudiated as of no value.

So it has been with "Mormonism."Instead of what might

have been expected, the unusual has occurred. Not a remoulding

of the materials at hand, however ancient and venerated; not a

reformer with education, culture and social standing; not a compromising attitude towards the numerous and powerful sects of

the day: but, instead, a casting aside of every shred of the old

cloth as too much worn for the new garment; an obscure youth

without anything that men would call a qualification for the position, a bold and uncompromising front to all the world. Such is

"Mormonism."It is not a patched religion, statements to the contrary notwithstanding. The very first cry that it uttered at its

birth was that all the churches had become corrupt, and that the teachings of the clergy were an abomination to the Lord. All

the ceremonies and sacraments, the baptisms and ordinations, the preachings and coversion"this new religion swept aside as so much rubbish. Its genius and spirit were different from the genius and spirit of these apostate sects; its work was to be accomplished by a different method; it was uncontaminated, not having

passed through unclean vessels. "Mormonism,"therefore, has

nothing in common with the creeds of the day. It is not of the

world, therefore the world hates it.

III.

Some recent writers, in their effort to give a satisfactory account of "Mormonism,"affect to believe that the true explanation of its power lies in the conditions that surrounded its birth.

SEEING, THEY SEE NOT 763

"Mormonism,"they say, was the child of its age and environment.

And they go on to tell of the religious condition that prevailed in western New York State, in the nineteenth century. The country

was new; a religious wave swept over the nation; the people were

credulous as to religious things; the preachers of this neighborhood were especially heterodox in many ways. Then, too, the

Smith family and the Macks had always been among the most religious, from the first emigrant from the Old World to Joseph, in whom this religious feeling reached a climax. The faith of the

early generation of Macks had, in the healing power, passed through the imaginative soul of Joseph's mother, Lucy, and finally burst forth in the open visions of the youthful seer. The long

course of preparation going on in these persons combined with the very favorable conditions that prevailed in the locality of New

York to produce the anomaly of "Mormonism"in 1830. Such are

the conclusions reached by those who have turned the searchlight of modern science upon this puzzling religion.

Now, much of this really plausible explanation the Latterday

Saints themselves would be willing to accept, though not exactly in the wording that their friends have given it. The leaders of

the Church, from the beginning to the present, have declared their belief that the time was ripe for God to project his work. The

candle of this latterday gospel would have been snuffed out by the unwholesome power of Papacy,even if it had not been above the comprehension of the benighted and priestridden people of the middle ages. It required the revival of learning, the awaking of

the spirit of liberty, and the reformation, to strike off the shakles, spiritual and temporal, from the hands of captive man. The fires

of Smithfield, in England, and of Salem, in America, had to smoulder into ashes, before the world could be trusted with the last message; the dove must be several times sent from the ark, to see if

the waters had assuaged. Then there seems to have been a universal feeling after God, a desire for more spiritual light, an eagerness for something more stable than could be found in any of the

sects of the day. The Wesleyan movement had shown the universality of this feeling. No time, therefore, according to the Saints'

own belief, could have been more favorable. So far we may concede the terms of this explanation.

764 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

But what have we gained by admitting all this, or even as much as our friends would have us admit? Are we any nearer an

explanation? Do we understand any better the forces that underlie the workings of this faith?

Here is a seed dropped in the earth. It shoots forth into a

plant, and springs up into a giant oak, under whose branches the fowl of heaven and the beasts of the earth find grateful shade and protection. How does this all happen? The botanist may tell us

about the conditions under which this growth has been produced, he may explain the moisture and warmth of the earth, the nourishing properties of the rain and the sun; he may even tell us that

in the seed he has seen the great oak in miniature, and that the tree is only the tiny plant grown large. But are we in the slightest degree any nearer an understanding of the mysterious forces

shut up in the seed that shape the material into a thing of beauty and usefulness?

Here, again, is an obscure lad growing up on the banks of the Avon. Born of only ordinary parents, he has barely the common advantages of education and society. There is nothing to

distinguish him from other boys of his neighborhood, else the irate

Lucy would not have permitted herself to punish some of his boyish pranks. Yet out of this boy grew "the myriadminded"Shakespeare, a man whose name today stands at the head of letters in

the world, and whose works are studied as the product of a transcendent genius. How is this? Shakespearian scholars inform us

concerning the great natural beauties of the country in which the man was born and reared; they tell us of the outburst of feeling

in England during the days of his manhood, and of the marvelous breadth and depth and height of this feeling at the time; they

further explain that the most unprecedented encouragement was given to dramatic talent during the Elizabethan period. And a

thousand other things we are told of the man, his associates, his times, and his works. But is it any clearer, after all this, how it

is that the countrybred son of a Warwickshire trader should have possessed the supreme literary gift? Shakespeare was a mighty

genius, and there an end; he cannot be "accounted for."

Once more, here is a man "born of a nation which had been scattered and king, without liberty, and without peeled—without a

SEEING, THEY SEE NOT. 765

a voice; a nation suspected, discredited, hated."Born of a peasant woman, he was brought up a carpenter, and was poor all his

days. His own people, as soon as he was known to them, persecuted him, and put him to death as a wicked man. His entire life

was spent in an obscure and despised Roman province, the boundaries of which he was careful not to over pass. He never wrote a

word during his entire ministry; he was without standing, social

or political. And yet this man threw an influence over the minds

of men that has continued increasingly for nearly two thousand years, and that has absolutely changed the current of human life, individual and national. His name still causes the wicked to tremble, and fills the good with courage and hope. Not a question of

life or of death can leave out Christ. Every human soul has been

uplifted by the doctrines of Jesus. Here, indeed, do we confront

the greatest of all mysteries.

Nevertheless the shallowminded have sought to "explain"this insoluble riddle, by looking into the conditions under which our

Savior was born and in which he lived. Was he not, they ask,triumphantly the fruit of his age? The fulness of time had come. The sceptre

had departed from Judah. The age had lost the faith. There

was universal peace. All eyes, even of those not of the Jewish

race, were turned towards something, none knew what. Expectation was on tiptoe. Religion, such as it was, prevailed everywhere

in Palestine. Surely conditions favored the rise of a prophet. And

the antecedents of our Lord? Were not they religious? Was not

the Jewish nation a city set upon a hill, a candle put on a candlestick. And wrere they not eminently visionary? Not to go any

further back than Joseph and Mary, did not the Virgin see a vision in which she was told that Jesus should be born? And did not an

angel appear to Joseph? This nation is the only one of which we

have any record that was visionary. All religious "credulity"else

fades by comparison. And yet this nation produced the one Man

of the race. All these things are eagerly conceded by Christians,

and yet none will be so foolish or rash as to conclude that he has "accounted for"Christ: That a single life, and that to all appearances youthful, obscure, and unobtrusive, should so cast its spell

over a stretch of two thousand years of time, as to influence to the highest possible degree the individual lives of untold millions, 766 IMPROVEMENT ERA

today, is a problem the solution of which the human understanding may well give up in hopeless despair.

It is even so with "Mormonism."Granting that we can point

out many things that have contributed to its development, it does not by any means follow that we can "explain"what it is that has caused all this fruit in power and good that we see on every hand.

Truth has somehow an influence over the mind and human action that we cannot fathom, and no amount of prying into the conditions surrounding its inception and development will help towards explaining this miracle of power.

LIVING FOR THINGS THAT COUNT.

"Man seems not to know how to live for the things that abide.

Ours is a world in which a single hour availed for Peter and John to form a new friendship, that changed all their life. One hour

availed for Gough to form a new resolution, that opened up a new career for his activity and genius. In a single hour young Garfield formed the resolution that swept him on to fame and fortune.

What possibilities of excellence are involved in the brief space of time measured between the rising of the sun and the setting thereof. Meanwhile, men go through the years, wasting days

many and long, living for things that pass away. They build some

structure that is to be as permanent as the hills, and, lo! the

structure melts like snow. They lay the foundations of some enterprise whose walls hold neither crack nor fissure, and, lo! it dissolves like the cloud mist, that melts before a puff of wind.

"The seasons change. The winds, they shift and veer;

The grass of yesteryear Is dead. The birds depart, the groves decay;

Empires dissolve, and peoples disappear;

Song passes not away.

Captains and conquerors leave a little dust,

And kings a dubious legend of their reign;

The swords of Caesars, they are less than rust:

Tho poet doth remain.

Dead is Augustus. Maro is alive.

"Meanwhile the things that count remain after these transient things have passed away. For he that doeth the will of God

abideth forever."—Rev. Hillis.

ADVENTURES OF A PIONEER.

EMBRACING THE STRUGGLES AND TRIUMPHS OF A

LONG AND BUSY LIFE.

BY HON. JOHN M. HORNER, OF PAAUILO, HAWAII.

IV.—THE PANIC OF 1853-9.

These were our possessions and prospects when the first wave of money panic struck California, and swept over America with such disastrous results, from 1853 to 1859. It is said that during

two months, in 1857, in New York, discounts at the banks fell off $24,000,000, and deposits $40,000,000; interest went up 36 per

cent per annum, and there were six thousand failures, involving an indebtedness of $300,000,000. Yet, how small are these sums,

when compared with the direct and indirect losses suffered by the whole people during those years of panic! The breaking up of

business, the depreciation of property, the enforced idleness of tolabor and machinery, and the check to enterprise,—all combined

make up a loss impossible to compute; not counting the heartache

and mental anguish arising from loss of business and homes.

Men of families, wealth and enterprise, were driven from their homes and reduced to poverty, and in consequence, on the Pacific coast, selfdestruction was resorted to, to end their misery. Some

poisoned themselves, some shot themselves, some went crazy,—all

of which was brought on the people by our private currency system.

This loss cannot be measured by dollars and cents; no power

768 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

but the Supreme can weigh the sufferings of the human heart.

Upon the first appearance of panic on the Pacific coast, business began to shrink, property decreased rapidly in value, money withdrew from circulation, depositors withdrew their money from the banks, business failures were frequent, larger interest was exacted for the use of money, more property was demanded as security for a given sum, laborers were turned adrift by the thousands, some becoming tramps; two or more families of the less fortunate were

compelled to occupy one house in the towns, which before was hardly thought ample for one, and to get along with scant clothing and still scantier food. At the same time thousands of tons

of farm products were never sent to market, for there was no sale;

good potatoes were ten cents per bushel, but there were no ten cents. All this happened in the Golden State of California, in 1854,

where millions of gold and silver were dug from its mines every month. Most, or all, of it was sent to San Francisco as soon as

produced, and tons of it were hoarded in banks, treasury vaults, napkins, old bonnets, and other places, thought safe to keep money, after drawing it from the banks. Gold was gloated over and worshiped. A man with a few hundred dollars in gold coin was independent, while the owner of scores of thousands of property was

poverty stricken, and permitted it to be sold for taxes, and in some cases never redeemed it. Some with ready money held it for

purchasing properties at the depreciated rates for which it was sold by the sheriff, and money could not be borrowed on real estate, however good the title.

Money was plentiful, and perhaps more plentiful than it had been a short time before, but being private money, no power could circulate it, if its owners refused. These are facts forced upon

the country by its unwise currency laws. I am writing from

memory, but these things are indeliby engraved upon my mind. I

was an active participant, I might say an acute sufferer, in those scenes. The large endorsements before referred to, now came on

to be paid by us, and as endorsement creditors are exacting, money must be had. Products of the farm yielded no surplus

in these panic times from which we could draw. For the first

time we commenced mortgaging our property, and at this time money could not be borrowed on our San Francisco real estate.

ADVENTURES OF A PIONEER. 769

We did succeed in mortgaging it to C. K. Garrison for

$50,000, interest four per cent per month, compounded monthly and payable in advance. He drew on New York; we received the

money there. One month's interest being $2,000 and payable in

advance, we received of him only $48,000. It was about onesixth

of the amount we had paid for the property and the improvements, but it was enough, as it swept away the entire property. Thus

slipped from us the property we had paid $290,000 for. Our

$18,000 steamer went to pay a $7,000 endorsement.

In parting with our flouring mill, we did a little better; but the

panic continued so long, and was so heavy upon property values.that

the purchaser sold it for $5,000. This property had been depreciated in value by the panic, $80,000. The Mission lands that had

cost us $70,000, including improvements, went from us for an endorsement debt of $10,000. However, the squatters had

done as much as the panic to render this property of little value.

Our home farm of one thousand acres, which we had purchased four times, went off for an endorsement of $7,000.

Property was seemingly so valueless, that no one wanted it;

it was money, money; and nothing but money was wanted by creditors, but money was not to be had. It had ceased to circulate

except to a very limited extent.

Although my endorsements did not exceed $40,000, the high rate of interest and other expenses forced from us over $70,000 before they were fully satisfied, and that money was raised by the sacrifice of property sold at onesixth of what it had been worth the previous four years. If the payment of the endorsements had

been demanded before the panic, we could have paid them without embarrassment; in fact, had the panic not come, the endorsed

notes would have been paid by their makers.

The above briefly shows how the property was produced, and approximately how it was rendered almost valueless by the panic, that curse to enterprise and industry. We had no fears or

thoughts that the laws of our country, which force all business to be done with money, all taxes, tariffs, debts and dues to be paid in money, had not provided amply the money necessary for doing all the business of the country, even should private parties hoard theirs; but by bitter experience we learned that there was no pub770 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

lie money, and the private money had been withdrawn from circulation.

How cruel! Oh! how cruel is our Congress to leave the country subject to the curse of money panics, when, in my opinion, a

simple law would prevent them. Let us reflect. We have been

writing in review lessons of prosperity and adversity which may be of value for future reference.

Although our labors and struggles above referred to related only to temporal matters, yet spiritual things were not altogether neglected. My brother and I had erected a schoolhouse in a central locality, for accommodating our neighborhood, and hired and

paid a teacher. To this school all were welcome. In this house

we held church every Sabbath during our prosperous years, and for a long time after. Prayer meetings were frequently held evenings in the houses of different members. Some "Mormon"Battalion boys, and some ship Brooklyn families, had settled around us.

We baptized some good people of other faiths, who left for Utah upon the first opening. In fact, the Battalion boys had married,

and, I may say, all the more faithful Latterday Saints in our settlement left for Salt Lake at different times.

We were not left altogether, as elders were frequently passing to and from missions. Brothers Amasa Lyman amd C. C. Rich,

from San Bernardino, sometimes visited us; also Brothers Parley

P. Pratt, Orson Pratt, Addison Pratt, George Q. Cannon, David

Cannon, Joseph Bull, and many other worthy brethren whom I can't now name, whose society we enjoyed.

I never was a lover of money in a miserly sense. I did love

to make a success of all business in hand. When I had money, it

gave me more satisfaction to assist the elders and others requiring help than to use it for my own personal gratification.

I never mourned over the loss of my property, as many losers did, but endeavored to forget, and go ahead again. I have sorrowed and regretted repeatedly that I did not do my duty with it

more completely while I had it; but I must attribute it to ignorance

or procrastination, not selfishness. I should have paid, and could

have paid a tithing on $25,000 as readily as the $1,500 I did pay.

I can account for the delinquency only as above.

At that time I was too humble, too happy, and too thankful

ADVENTURES OF A PIONEER. 771

to my heavenly Father to have refused in my feeling to have paid my debt to him. I fully realized it was my obedience to the counsel

of his servant in sending me to California, and his continual blessings, that had placed me in the enviable position I then enjoyed.

One other thing I have also regretted. President Brigham

Young wrote advising me to be cautious, as reverses frequently visited people doing large business, and suggested that I send up $30,000 to the Trusteein-trust, as a precautionary measure, that would serve a good purpose as a future help, if misfortune should overtake me. The above may not be the exact

language of the President, but it is his meaning, as I understood it. From ignorance, procrastination, or misfortune coming so

quickly, or something else, the wise counsel was not acted upon, my misfortune came suddenly, and as unexpected as thunder from a clear sky. It was from a deficient supply of money—a cause no

one dreamed of, or thought possible, as four million dollars of gold was known to come into the city every month from the mines alone; but, being private money, it could not be circulated; hence,

so far as business was concerned, it was dead money.

"Get out of debt, while times are good, and keep out."I

fear some of our brethren will be as slow in acting upon this wise counsel as I was in obeying the counsel given to me. Those who

neglect this counsel will lay themselves liable to suffer some of the pangs of hard times, as I did, probably losing homes and property.

Hard times are sure to come, since money panics are some of the fruits of our present money system. Under it, hard times always

follow good times. This being true, a worse money panic than the

American people have ever suffered may be just ahead, and is feared by some government officials, bankers, and many other business men. It will surely come, if Congress does not administer a timely

preventive remedy.

If we are out of debt, and have no bonds or endorsements holding us, hard times may injure our business, but our homes and property will be safe. The loss of my property and business placed

me financially where I had commenced, eight years before, as nothing of much value was saved from the wreck, except my experience.

My prospects were dark, cloudy and discouraging. I gave up my

7 12 1MPR0 VEMENT ERA.

carriage team, my watch from my pocket, and commenced physical labor again to support my family.

At length the panic ceased, and its evil effects wore gradually away from the state. I rented my old homestead, and after a

time exchanged it again, this making the fifth time. Part of the

purchase money was left as a mortgage, and interest being so high (fifteen per cent) it was never completely paid for.

(to be continued).

WORK FOR THE DEAD.

(For the Improvement Era.)

BY HENRY E. HORNE, OLD CASTLE, LEADVILLE, N. S. W., AUSTRALIA.

Imprisoned in that spirit land,

Where joy is not eternally, There waits a sad, repentant band

Beseeching us to set them free;

For Christ and saints have pierced their gloom,

And sent to them deliverance, And we on earth may ease their doom

By God's vicarious ordinance!

Our God, whose mercy will not tire,

While yet a spirit can be saved,

Bids every suffring soul aspire,

In that dominion dark, enslaved.

He only asks that we shall take

The captives'burden as our own,

And as Christ suffered for our sake,

So partly for them we atone.

WORK FOR THE DEAD. 773

Let us not, then, pass unheeded by,

Forgetting the divine decree, Nor dare, with hardened hearts, deny "Our brothers'keepers that we be;"

Lest, when our earthly race be run,

And we would fain receive our crown,

These spirits sad we might have won

For Jesus Christ, shall on us frown.

Within the pure baptismal flood,

Let us, for these poor souls be laved,

Who, by our labor and the blood

Of Jesus, can alone be saved.

Beneath the water let us sink,

An emblem of the death he died,

To rescue spirits, from the brink

Infernal, for the Crucified.

Oh, let us labor in their stead,

And glory in vicarious deed;

For guardian angels round our head

May be those happy spirits freed.

Their "work"shall fill our lives with song

And joy and light for evermore;

And, first among the ransomed throng,

They'll welcome us to heaven's shore.

THE BIBLE.

ENGLISH REVISION, 1881—AMERICAN STANDARD REVISION, 1901.

BY FREDERIC CLIFT, M. D., OF PROVO.

The article on the Bible, in the July number of the Era, has called forth enquiries as to the origin and history of the two revisions of 1881 and 1901.

The revision of 1881 had its origin in action taken by convocation of the English church, in February, 1870. The scope of the

work was strictly denned and limited by a series of resolutions, one of which states: "We do not contemplate any new translation of

the Bible or any alteration of the language, except where, in the judgment of the most competent scholars, such change is necessary."Two companies were formed; one for the revision of

the Old, and the other for the New Testament.

Shortly after, the cooperation of American scholars was invited, and two committees were formed in America to act with the

English companies. In making their final report, the revisers,

referring to the American committee, say: "We transmitted to

them, from time to time, each general portion of our first revision, and received from them in return their criticisms and suggestions.

These we considered with much care and attention, during the time we were engaged on our second revision. We then sent over to

them the various portions of the second revision, as they were completed, and received further suggestions, which, like the former, were closely and carefully considered. Last of all, we forwarded to them the revised version in its final form; and a list of

THE BIBLE. 775

those passages in which they desire to place on record their preference of other reading and renderings will be found at the end of the volume."

Among the rules of procedure agreed to at a later date, we find: (3) "Each company to go twice over the portion to be revised, once provisionally, the second time finally."(4) "That the

text to be adopted be that for which the evidence is decidedly preponderating."(5) "To make or retain no change in the text on

the second final revision by each company, except twothirds of those present approve of same, but on the first revision to decide by simple majorities."

The time devoted to the work was some fifteen years—the

New Testament being published in 1881, and the Old Testament not being issued until 1885. The "task was revision, not retrans-

lation;"accordingly every effort was made to retain the language

and phraseology of the King James or Authorized version. One

of the chief blemishes in this version is the studied avoidance of uniformity in the rendering of the same words, even when occurring in the same context. This studied variety of rendering conduced to its happy turns of expressions and musical cadences, but

was not consistent with the requirements of faithful translation.

In the revision of 1881, one of the problems was to "discriminate between varieties of rendering which were compatible with fidelity to the true meaning of the text, and varieties which involved inconsistencies, and were suggestive of difference that had no existence in the Greek"The difficulty was often overcome at the expense of the grace and dignity for which the Authorized version is so commended; but the added truthfulness of the 1881

version must be approved by all who desire absolute correctness and uniformity of translation, rather than euphony and mastery of language. By thus adhering to uniformity of words and phrases,

the several gospels and books of the New Testament in their English dress have been brought into closer relationship with each other. Further, a number of interpolated or spurious readings

have been discovered and struck out, with the almost unanimous approval of Christian scholars. As an instance, take I John 5:

7, 8: "There are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the

Word, and the Holy Ghost, and these three are one; and there are

7Y6 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

spirit, and the water, and thethree that bear witness in earth—the

blood; and these three agree in one."The twentyfour words

printed in italics are not to be found in the best authorities, or ancient texts and versions, and they have consequently been thrown out as spurious. Notwithstanding, they are largely relied on by

those who accept the dogma taught in the Athanasian and kindred creeds, as to the personality of the Triune God.

Another point of excellence is that quotations from the poetical books of the Old Testament, as also the hymns in the beginning of St. Luke's gospel, have been printed in such a manner as to

call attention to their poetical character; and thus their force and

pertinence are more fully felt.

The division of the books into chapter and verse, first adopted in 1551, A. D., is very convenient for reference; but this minute

subdivision often presents obstacles to a right understanding of the scriptures. In order, therefore, to assist the reader in following the current of the narrative or argument, and to make him to

obtain a just perception of the true continuity of the subject, the text in the 1881 revision is arranged in paragraph form. The

division, however, into chapter and verse is still retained, the numerals being placed in the margin.

The American committee felt that if their views had been more generally accepted, instead of being relegated to an appendix, the English revision of 1881 would have been still more valuable. With the approval and indorsement, therefore, of that

committee, a further revision, known as the American Standard

Revision, 1901, has been prepared, in which the readings and renderings preferred by the American committee have been adopted into the text. An illustration of a series of progressive steps in

bringing about desired correctness of translation, is found in Matt.

3: 1-6 and 11. In the King James, the Greek word "en"in verses

1 and 6 is translated "in,"but in verse 11 it is translated "with."

In the 1881 revision, the same want of uniformity in translation is maintained, for the text retains the translation "with,"but an alternative translation "in"is suggested in the margin. In the appendix, the American committee's preference is shown thus: "After

baptize, let the margin 'or,''in,'and the text 'with'exchange places."In the American standard revision, 1901, this is done,

1HE BIBLE. Ill

and "in"becomes the uniform and correct translation in each of these three verses.

It is admitted, even by those opposed to new translations, that these modern versions are more accurate than the King

James, yet the Bible reader, whose time and opportunities do not permit him to compare it with the original texts, or other translations, accepts it with its many faults, because it is the Bible of his forefathers. Conservatism in a matter of this kind is to

be commended, but those who accept the eighth article of the

Church will seek for the best translation, and through the keys promised by our Father in heaven, will draw living water from the inspired writings of the prophets.

The Rev. Dr. Holland, speaking of the revised Bible, at a

recent Episcopal convention at St. Louis, argued that "the Greek

language was fitted to convey the original text of the New Testament, and that the English spoken in King James'time was likewise the choice vehicle of the inspired expressions. He considered

it an insult for any one to offer him an altered text'of Shakespeare. The same attitude he maintained toward the Bible. The

doctor forgets that Shakespeare wrote in English, and that to alter his text would amount to forgery. I, too, should feel insulted if he offered me an altered text of the Vatican, Sinaitic

or Alexandrian Mss., and expected me to accept it, because of its

added grace and dignity.

Personally, I expect to make use of the American version of 1901, in preference to other versions where accuracy in translation is justly impeached; but I cherish a fond regard for the Bible

of my fathers, and its intrinsic beauties. During my missionary

work, it was my practice to prove my points from the other man's

Bible; and, as one holding the Priesthood, I am prepared, with God's

help, to defend the faith once delivered to the Saints, from the

King James'or other versions that may be used by those hostile to the great latterday work of this dispensation. In conversation with an Armenian gentleman, a few days ago, I had the privilege of hearing him translate a few verses from an Armenian text

of the New Testament, and I was agreeably surprised to find that the translation made by my friend from his own Bible, an ancient version, more nearly approached the true meaning of the 778 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

scripture in question than any of our English translationsfrom the Greek. The point raised was settled by his own translation

of his own Bible.

TWO ANSWERS.

(For the Improvement Era.)

"Art thou a king, then?"Thus Pilate spake,

And thus the answer came:

"Thou sayest that I am a king;

To this end was I born, And for this cause came I into the world,

That I should bear witness of the truth."

Was he a king, then? Behold the cross,

From thence the answer comes:

The earth quakes, great rocks are rent,

Darkness covers the earth, The graves are opened, the dead arise!

Men stand aghast: "Truly, he was a king."

Is he a king, then? Look down the years,

And let the ages tell;

His august name transcends them all;

Nations tremble at his breath.

Empires crumble, and kingdoms rise and fall,

Verily, verily, he is a king.

"Art thou a prophet?"The mighty spake,

And thus the answer came:

"My people so sustain me.

But for this cause came I hither

That of the truth of heav'n—eternal truth

Revealed anew—I might bear witness."

Was he a prophet? Behold the king

Who shortly will appear, His prophets he will vindicate,

And all the world shall know;

Their words, of him inspired, he will fulfill,

Their works and names extol, while he is king.

—Ruth May Fox.

A TRIP TO CUBA.

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER, SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH SCHOOLS.

II.—HAVANA.

Havana is one of the oldest cities established by the Spaniards in the western hemisphere. Nearly a hundred years before our

Atlantic seaboard was colonized, Havana was founded in the year 1519. The city lies in a low, flat district, and from the sea would

be unattractive were it not for the bright and enlivening colors of its houses. To the west and south there are some small hills which

in recent times are occupied by houses whose elevated position enliven the general view of the city.

There is a very general tendency throughout the island to congregate in cities, and one is surprised to find so few people located in the country. There are two reasons why the Cuban population has swelled in the cities. In the first place, they are social

by instinct, and naturally flock together, a custom that is encouraged by the uniform and mild temperature of the climate. In the

second place, they have found it necessary to protect themselves by fortresses during the many revolutions that have swept over the land. Poor government has often made them a prey to bandits

who robbed and plundered without conscience. Within the city,

almost every house is a sort of small fortress. Every block is

completely walled in. The blocks are not large, and the streets

are uncomfortably narrow. Most of them are, perhaps, not more

than twenty or twentyfive feet wide. Where they are extremely

narrow, carriage drivers have rules by which they may all go down one street and up another.

Means of transportation about the city are very good. Lately

780 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

electric car lines have been constructed through the principal streets. The service is good. The conductors are among the

most affable and painstaking to be found in any great city of the world. Sometimes the streets are so narrow as not to permit of

any vehicles on the streets where the cars run. If a buggy happens to be caught, it turns into a side street and waits till the car

goes by. The sidewalks cannot, as a rule, be more than two or

three feet wide. Pedestrians must generally step down on to the

road to pass an opposing pedestrian. One might easily in some

streets shake hands from a street car window with a Cuban lady, sitting at her sewing machine in the front room.

The people of Havana have one of the best cab services in the world. One may ride from any one part of the city to another

for twenty cents. The cabs are of a high grade, and present a

very excellent appearance. They may be occupied by two persons

for the same charge of twenty cents. The cab tariff is regulated

by city ordinance, and no trouble is experienced in getting about.

They are frequently used, and are therefore numerous throughout all parts of the city. Two merchants may go to dinner together

to a distant part of the city, for ten cents each. Besides the better class of cabs, cheap omnibuses run along special routes in the

city for a very small fare.

The houses come up full on the sidewalk, so the passer by has only the wall to separate him from the front, often the best, room in the house. The front of the buildings around a block constitute

a sort of wall behind which the homes are established, the street wall constituting one of the walls of the house. In front of the

windows are iron grates which give to the house from the outside something of the appearance of a prison. Sometimes the doors

are small, especially in the poorer districts, and open directly into the front room of the house. In the wellto-do quarters, the

houses have a large double door through which a carriage can be driven. This large door leads by an open passage into a square

court which is often filled with palms and other tropical trees and plants. Often the court is a veritable garden, and its sweet perfumes give fragrance to the atmosphere all about. From this open

court, often without any roof, doors open into different apartments of the home. The carriage sometimes stands in one corner

A TRIP TO CUBA. 781

of the court, while a little further to the back is the stables for the horses. The dining room, parlor, bedrooms, and kitchen, all

open into the court which receives the sunlight for the entire home. It is about this court that the family gather in the evening and enjoy the outdoor life peculiar to tropical climates.

The "building rock"of the houses in Havana is a sort of loose textured sea shell which is cut out with axes into square blocks, and used for the walls of the house. Its porous, rough

sides make it suitable for receiving the plaster or stucco. The

plaster is calcimined with various colors, chiefly yellow, white or drab. The houses are rarely more than one story high, and are

built to resist the sun and the intruder. What seemed unusual

was to see houses of the wealthier classes built side by side with homes of the poor. A home in Havana is separate and distinct

from its neighboring home. There is no common dooryard, each

home emptying its occupants directly into the street. The poverty, confusion, or filth of one home are not seen by the occupants of

the one adjoining. The streets are so narrow that they do not

afford a play ground, for the children, or a common meeting place for neighbors.

About each home there is an atmosphere of the most perfect seclusion. It is a kind of a castle in which the inmates shut themselves out from the world about them. One would often not surmise, from external appearances which are much alike in all, what

elegance is to be found in the court and interior living rooms of the home. The wealthy thus shut out from the poorer classes all

knowledge of the grandeur and display of wealth in the homes of the rich. It was the policy of the wealthy Spaniards to avoid the

cupidity of the masses, and hide themselves and the gorgeous adornments of their homes from the Cuban people.

It is quite natural that a city in a tropical climate would provide itself with parks and promenades for the people who live so much out of door. Havana is no exception to the rule. Outdoor

life there is quite universd, winter as well as summer. Besides a

number of parks, there is in the city the celebrated Prado street which extends from La Punta, on the bay, a mile and a half to the heart of the city. Almost every evening, all the year round, there

may be seen the beautiful equipages of Havana's rich. The turn782 IMPROVEMENT ERA,

outs are certainly as elegant as may be seen in any great city of the world.

The center of the Prado has been somewhat raised and provided with benches. Along each side of the walk here is a row of

beautiful Spanish laurel trees that give abundant shade, and add to the tropical beauty of one of the finest promenades in the world.

At the south end of the Prado is the Central park about which the principal hotels and beautiful structures of the city cluster. It

extends north to La Punta, and leads to the beautiful walk along the shores of the Gulf of Mexico. Near the sea beach, at the north

end of the famous street, there has been erected a nice band stand where two or three evenings a week open air concerts are given free to all the people. The life of Havana, especially in winter, is

certainly "gay."People of the United States are every year making the city more and more a winter resort. There is an ever increasing effort to appeal to the wants and pleasures of the tourist

class. Many who go there for winter are building homes in the

suburbs, especially toward the west where the salubrious sea breezes give to the coast one of the most charming climates to be found anywhere.

Havana is one of the cleanest cities in the world. The American occupation had for one of its purposes the thorough renovation of the city, so that it might no longer breed disease to contaminate the seaport towns along our Atlantic coast. Now that

the Cubans manage their own affairs, they show great pride in keeping the pace set by the military government of the United

States, during the time it was renovating the capital of Cuba.

III.—THE POPULATION OF CUBA.

During the military occupation of Cuba by the United States, census returns of the population of the island were made October 16, 1899. At that time the total population of the island was

1,572,798. Very great misconceptions prevailed in the United

States respecting the character of Cuba's population. With respect to the black race, it was thought that conditions were very

much the same in Cuba as in other West Indian islands. In Jamaica the negroes outnumber the whites 40 to 1. In Cuba, however,

A TRIP TO CUBA. 783

the negroes number only 234,638, and the mixed races of Cubans and whites, 270,805, so that the people of Cuba in whose veins flow

African blood are only about one third of the population. For some

reason, not satisfactorily explained, the negroes have never thrived in Cuba. When the early Spaniards took the island, they subjected

the Indians to conditions of slavery, and practically thereby exterminated the whole Indian race in the island. Whatever Indian blood is found in Cuba today is sparsely mixed with the Spanish race. The Indian, therefore, is not taken into consideration

as one of the races of the island. To take the place of the Indians,

the Spaniards imported from Africa about one million negroes. Of

that number, including mulattoes, not more than half a million remains, and the negroes are gradually being extinguished.

For general purposes there are five classes: first, the white

Cubans, the descendants of Spaniards and owners of the soil; second, the black Cubans, the pure negro; third, colored Cubans, a

mixture of Spaniards and negroes; fourth, Spaniards including the

officials and intransigents; fifth, foreigners other than Spaniards.

As the great majority of Cuban people are either Spanish, or descendants of the Spaniards known as white Cubans, it is quite natural that Spanish customs, language, and religion should prevail there. The best element of the white Cubans is perhaps found

in the eastern and central portions of the island. Those spoken

most highly of are the Camagueynos. They have always belonged

to the higher type, and have possessed a high standard of manliness and virtue of which they have been justly proud, it being their boast that never has one of their women become a prostitute.

They are regarded by many as superior to the peoples of southeastern Europe who come to the United States every year by the hundreds of thousands. These Cubans educate their sons abroad,

and from them come a large number of men eminent in the various professions of life. The larger part of them who go abroad prefer

France for an educational career; this, no doubt grows out of the

natural kinship that is felt among the romance nations.

In contrast with the white Cubans of the central and eastern portions of Cuba stands the inferior kind of the white Cubans in

Havana and some of the larger cities of the island. At one time

they were united under an organization known as the Volunteers, 784 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

which consisted of Spanish porters, draymen and clerks of Havana, who constituted an organized mob, and who for years carried on a reign of terror. These Volunteers not infrequently fired their

revolvers at innocent people in the dining rooms of the hotels, and sometimes into a crowd coming out of a theatre. The Volunteer

movement reached the height of its domineering and bloodthirsty career when it demanded the execution of fortythree students, all under the age of twenty years, because one of their number was accused of scratching a glass plate on the vault of a Volunteer.

Fifteen thousand of this organization witnessed this ignoble deed which Spanish officials were bound to carry out at the behest of a

Spanish mob.

The Cuban is rather small. In the city he is elegant in his

make up, and somewhat fascinating. He has beautiful eyes and

hair, and pearly teeth. In the matter of his morals, he is superior

to other West Indians, in both the French and the English colonies, where illegitimate births are the rule and not the exception.

In Cuba the different races are classified and distinctions made, but they are not so sharply drawn there as in the United States.

Negroes and Cubans live side by side without any outward manifestations of strong antagonism. The mixed negro and Spanish

blood in the socalled colored races is more numerous than that of the pure negro. This would indicate that the mixture of these races

in Cuba has been more easily accomplished than in the United States.

It would be quite impossible to tell in all cases whether there was negro blood in those who profess to belong to the white Cubans.

This circumstance has undoubtedly given rise to the contempt in which the Spaniards have held the Cubans.

Among foreigners not classified with the Spaniards, the most numerous class is John Chinaman. According to statistics, fourteen thousand, eight hundred and fiftyseven of that race were in

Cuba in 1899, practically aU males. It was believed at one time

that the coolies and the Chinese would be an aid to the development of Cuban industries, by furnishing them with Chinese labor.

However, most of the coolies brought to the island returned to their native land, so that it is not at all likely to be dominated by either the African or Chinese, as both races are constantly diminishing.

A TRIP TO CUBA. 785

The statistics published by our government at Washington form some interesting comparisons. On the island, of a million

and a half people, eight hundred and fifteen thousand are males, and seven hundred and fiftyseven thousand females. These statistics confirm what has frequently been asserted, that the revolutions in Cuba bore more heavily upon the women than upon the

men. In Cuba there are married two hundred and fortysix thousand, three hundred and fiftyone; living together but unmarried,

one hundred and thirtyone thousand, seven hundred and eightyseven; widows, eightyfive thousand, one hundred and twelve. It

is said that onetenth of the entire population of Havana consists of widows. These statistics show that of all the women over

twentyone years of age, there is one widow out of every four and onethird women. There are one hundred and twentythree thousand

one hundred and seventyfive married women, there are sixtyfive thousand, eight hundred and ninetythree women living with men to whom they are not married, so that for fewer than for every two women who are married, there is one woman living with a man to whom she is not married. The Cubans thus living together

correspond with what is known in Germany as wild marriage, a condition that arises in countries where divorces are impossible, or extremely difficult to obtain. The statistics further show that

there is a widow to every one and onehalf married woman.

Special attention is now paid to matters of education, and the schools are receiving the careful attention of the government.

The statistics, however, of 1898, showed that there were six hundred and eightythree thousand, five hundred and fiftyfive who could neither read nor write. This great army of illiterates was

undoubtedly due to the little interest that Spain had in the educational welfare of her most valuable colony which it was estimated was reduced during the period of reconcentration to two hundred thousand. (to be continued).

SOME LEADING EVENTS IN THE CURRENT

STORY OF THE WORLD.

BY DR. J. M. TANNER, SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH SCHOOLS.

Railroad From Damascus To Mecca.

What is a remarkable circumstance, and what is certainly one of the signs of the times, is the construction of a railroad from

Damascus to Mecca, a distance of one thousand and fiftyfour miles. The first section of this road from Damascus to Amman,

one hundred and forty miles, was completed last September. The

second section, from Amman to El Hassan, a distance of one hundred and two miles is now nearly finished. The first section passes

through fruit and grain lands, and will find commercial support;

the second passes over a dry and bleak stretch of country to the south of the Dead Sea. It is estimated that about onethird of the

road will be completed and be ready for operation at the close of the present year; the other twothirds of the road passes over the

Arabian desert, and no doubt many difficulties will be encountered in its construction. The Bedouins will likely offer some resistance,

because to them it will be an invasion of their traditions, which some of them may feel strongly inclined to resent.

The remarkable thing about the construction of this road is that it is to be built by Mohammedans and chiefly for religious purposes. When the first railroad entered Turkey, it was looked

upon as a Christian menace to the Mohammedan faith, and in some places the tracks were torn up and people threw stones at the cars as they passed by. The needs of the road are certainly very great.

It is called Hedjaz, or Pilgrims'railroad.

Every year thousands of Mohammedans from different parts

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 787

of Turkey, Persia, and India gather at Damascus in order to make a pilgrimage to the shrine of Mohammed, at Mecca. The journey

has always been accompanied with great suffering and many dangers. The larger part of it is over a desert region where water is

extremely scarce; and hundreds have lain down exhausted and

famished on the desert sands of Arabia, without the privilege of beholding the Prophet's tomb.

At first, to allay prejudices, no doubt, it was announced that the road was to be built entirely by the material and labor of the

Moslems. The decision, however, was never carried out, as it was

necessary at the outset to purchase foreign steel, foreign engines, and other equipments. In time it became necessary to import Italian

and Australian laborers who were experienced in railroad building.

Turkey had no competent engineers for the work, and it is, therefore, under the supervision of foreigners. At first it was proposed

to make it standard, or wide gage; that determination, however, has

been given up, and it is, therefore, simply a narrow gage road. It

is calculated that the road will be completed somewhere about the year 1910. Pilgrims can then make with comparative ease the

journey in about two or three days that has required five or six months of arduous travel to accomplish. Whether the railroad

under the construction and supervision of foreigners will have a liberalizing effect upon the Mohammedan mind awaits to be seen.

Heretofore, no unbeliever has been admitted to the sacred precincts of the Holy City. Mecca is a sealed book to the outside

world. Under the disguise of language and dress, a few foreigners have gained admittance, and have given us some account of the

pilgrimages and the worship at the sacred shrines.

Railroads in Asia not only mean greater facilities in the transportation of merchandise, but greater facilities in the transportation of the thought and influences of modern civilization. The reawakening of Asia is full of interest wherever one goes; from

Japan in the east, to Turkey on the west, there are abundant evidences of a revolution in the Asiatic mind. Commerce, the advance guard of civilization, has made remarkable progress within

the last quarter of a century. Europe is coming on to the scene

of Asiatic life, and is injecting a new spirit into an old world and its threadbare civilization.

788 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Read these words from the followers of the Mohammedan prophet, in the Beirut Tamarat, and you will read what would have been rank heresy half a generation ago:

"What joy has spread over the whole Mohammedan world at the thought that our master, the chief of all believers (God save him!) is building this railroad from Damascus to the Holy City of

railroad that will join the Arabian provinces,the pilgrimage—a

the heart of Islam, with the centres of the highest Khalifate, and will unite all under the glorious Ottoman flag."

The War in Manchuria.

Now that the month of July has been ushered in, Japan and

Russia must stack their arms and wait for the passing of the rainy season. The geographers of Manchuria tell us that the country

of Manchuria, along which the Chinese railroad runs from Harbin to Port Arthur, is so wet and marshy that it would be impossible to conduct, during the months of July and August, any campaign whatever. The friends of Russia have all along hoped that General

Kuropatkin would be able to hold back Japanese advances until the rainy season began. They felt sure that during the months of

suspended hostilities, Russia would be able to send over the Siberian railroad reinforcements large enough to drive the Japs out of

Manchuria when the time for renewed operations would begin, during the month of September. It is now the middle of July, and

the war is going merrily on.

The Japanese have a military line of some two hundred and fifty miles. Along this line Russia is constantly on the guard to

defend herself against a surprise. The whole world, Russia included, keeps trying to guess what Japan will do next.

Along the northeastern portion of this military line, the Japs have a mountainous country over which they are rapidly climbing.

They are pushing the Russians back by degrees, and, at the same time, they are shutting up the Russians tighter and tighter within

Port Arthur. Siege guns are on their way up from Dalny to the

mountainous country about five miles north of the port. It looks

very much as though the rains were not likely to drive the Japs to their tents; at any rate, the rainy season will not hinder the siege

of Port Arthur, whose garrison may surrender at any time.

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 789

The further question arises: Can Russia, during July and

August, in case the rainy season hinderspresent operations, get in soldiers enough from Russia to retrieve Russian losses in Manchuria? The Japs figured on that problem at the outset, and estimated that Russia cannot put into Manchuria more than two hundred and fifty thousand soldiers for field work. The Japs figure

with that number of soldiers in the field the Siberian railroad would be taxed to its utmost limit to provide the army with the munitions of war, and that a larger army than two hundred and fifty thousand could not be used. On the other hand, Japan could get

into the country five hundred thousand soldiers, and could get them there more quickly than Russia could two hundred and fifty thousand, and could support the larger army with greater facility.

How Von Moltke would open his eyes, if he now could behold the splendid calculations of the Japanese, which are even more accurate and complex than those by which Germany overwhelmed France in 1870 and 1871!

From a Japanese Point of View.

f| The war now going on between Japan and Russia is not like its predecessors of modern times. The newspaper reporter has

played a very inconspicuous part. In the first place, the military

authorities of the Mikado's empire have not taken the newspaper men into their confidence, and they have kept them well in the rear of the army. When dispatches have been sent out, they have

been very carefully censored. This condition of affairs has not

been altogether satisfactory to those who have been most anxious to know just what is going on in the great battlefields of southern Manchuria.

There is also another phase that, from a Japanese point of view, must be taken into consideration. The Japanese are a very

industrious and economical race; the chief resource of the island

empire is labor, the chief occupation is farming, in a country where the farms do not average more than four acres to a family. Japan,

therefore, has little margin left for loss that might accrue through excitement, and through the tension which naturally grows out of the war. It is, therefore, in the interest of Japan that the people be free from excitement, even the excitement that comes from

790 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the great victory of the battlefield. The Japanese themselves do

not receive anything like the news from the seat of war that is carried out to other countries; the results are, that business is going on in Japan very much as though everything were in a normal

condition.

The trade between Japan and the United States during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1904, will exceed seventy million dollars. This is larger than during the preceding year. We are not

only sending more goods to Japan, but are receiving more from that country. Indeed, our imports from Japan will be something

like three million dollars more, this year, then they were last.

Certainly no war of modern times has created so slight a ripple upon the industrial life of a nation that was engaged in it, as has this of Japan. The Japanese triumph, therefore, in peace, in the

time of war, is no less wonderful than her achievement at arms.

Russia has Achieved at Least One Victory.

The people of Finland make the 24th day of June one of great festivity in the land of the midnight sun. This year, however,

Russia has suspended this national holiday, and forced the people, at least in a formal way, to be soberminded on that day, because of the assassination, by a Finn, of General Bobrikoff, the Russian tyrantgovernor of the province of Finland. The cable brings us

the message that on that day the Russians captured a servant girl because she was overjoyful when it was her duty to Russia to be sad. Russia is bound to achieve a victory and gain some glory in

the west, even if she is humiliated in the east.

The Jewish Clergy Limited.

Complaint now comes that there are not enough Rabbis to fill the demands in the various Jewish churches throughout the country. This is true, it is said, notwithstanding the fact that Jewish

preachers are paid higher salaries than those of any other denomination. The Jewish theological seminaries can scarcely supply one

Rabbi in response to the demand for five or six.

The reason for this condition is said to be due to the fact that the commercial pursuits of the Jewish people in this country offer

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 791

greater inducements than the pulpit. The case, therefore, with

the Jews as with the Christian world, would seem to be commerce versus religion, a case in which commerce is gaining ground while religion loses it. The question is now with them, "does religion

pay?"

A Vicepresident for Mexico.

Great interest attaches to the election of Ramon Corral as vicepresident of Mexico, especially as there is some tacit belief or understanding that he will succeed President Diaz as the president of the Mexican republic. Diaz is still a man of great vital powers,

and apparently very active, notwithstanding that he is seventyfour years old. It has been understood, however, for sometime that he

was desirous of shifting the responsibilities of chief executive to some other and younger man. Diaz has been so strong and so

unique a character in Mexican history that people have long wondered what that republic would do when his iron grasp fell from the reins of government.

Mexico has experienced something of the revolutions common to the republics of Central and South America. It would be, indeed, disastrous to American interests, should there be any return

to revolutions and civil contests. There is today more than five

millions of American money invested in the Mexican republic; and

the people here are very anxious that our vested interests there be not disturbed. The inducements offered there in that republic for

American capital are still very great.

Of course, the development of Mexico's resources depends so much upon the stability of her government that people on this side of the line have hoped that Diaz would live to a good old age, so that all dangers and contentions might be avoided as long as possible. There are several thousand Americans who are now residents of Mexico, and their interests there are of such vital importance as to make the selection of a wise and strong executive quite

necessary to their welfare.

For sometime,it was thought that either Limantour, Secretary of the Treasury, or General Reyes, would succeed President Diaz.

It has been known of late that there was considerable rivalry between these two, and some apprehension was felt about the elec792 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tion of either to the chief executive office. Of course, it is still

possible that either might be elected, despite the understanding that may now prevail about the succession of the vicepresident to the chief executive office.

Vicepresident Corral was not so generally known outside of his own country. He is now fifty years old. He has been governor of Sonora, and was governor of the District of Mexico.. At

the time of his election, Corral was Secretary of the Interior. He

is represented as a man of high honor, who has been clean and upright in official life. It is believed that he possesses the necessary

qualities to carry out the policies of Diaz, should he be elected to the office of President of the Republic. Still, people will wonder

what is likely to happen to Mexico when Diaz goes!

Venezuela's Fifteenth Constitution.

Some of the South American republics have had a great deal of experience in making constitutions. Venezuela has just completed her fifteenth. However, it does not matter so much what

their constitution contains, as it is never lived up to. Down there,

a constitution is something like a political platform; it shows what

the people are thinking about when it is made. President Castro

recently had some lively altercations with Great Britain and Germany about the necessity of a country paying its debts; and it

would be quite natural for him to order something put in on that subject. That is precisely what he did. The constitution now provides that private parties shall not have the power to assign contracts with the government, to any foreign nation, and that any

differences that may arise over the payment of a debt must be settled in the courts of Venezuela. The president is given power

to keep foreigners out of the country, or to expel them after they have entered. The President does not appear to be on good terms

with Protestant ministers who hereafter may be excluded, if he sees fit.

Venezuela has had a strong propensity for borrowing. Then

foreigners and their various enterprises which brought money into the country were welcome. Just now Venezuela is sweating under an arrangement by which a considerable portion of the country's taxes goes to the payment of debt. President Castro is,

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 793

therefore, undergoing an economical regime. It will be some time

before he can put on airs and revel in a full exchequer.

When present debts are paid, there will undoubtedly be a change of policy. The money of the foreigner will be as much in

demand as ever. It may be necessary then to make another constitution.

Arguments in Favor of Race Suicide.

Editors,newspaper correspondents, and contributors to monthly periodicals are constantly giving their reasons, or the justification, for the absence of children in the home, or for the presence of one or two at most. There are three arguments, which would better be styled excuses, why married people may not have an oldfashioned family of children. It is well known that a very considerable proportion of the people of this country live in large cities

and therefore must rent the houses in which they live. Nearly all

of the most desirable homes are let on the stipulation that those moving into them have no children, or one or two at most. The

very fact that landlords can put such stipulations into their leases indicates that there are plenty of renters of the small families.

The question then is at once put: What can a man do? If his

family is large, he cannot rent a desirable home, and circumstances compel him to abandon all desire for a large family, however willing he might otherwise be.

A recent canvass in New York demonstrated the fact that there were resident districts in which hundreds of families lived, and where there were not more than fifty children to four hundred families. It is further shown that the restriction upon the size of

the family is making its way among the poorer tenants who have hitherto been the chief conservators of the human race.

A second excuse is put forth by those who can afford servant girls, and who, therefore, must have them, that girls will not accept situations in homes where there are children, especially where there are several. They are willing to wash and comb lap

dogs every morning, but they will not be "troubled"by children.

Women will say they are not strong enough to rear their own children where there are several, or that they are unwilling to be tied to the drudgery of a home where there are several children; and

794 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

as hired girls cannot be had for a numerous family, they are compelled to abandon all thought of bearing children. Here the hired

girl, like the landlord, is responsible for the race suicide going on.

The breadwinner for the home has his objection to a large family in the merciless competition female employees are waging against him. They have, as a rule, only themselves to care for,

and can do the same work he is doing for smaller wages. In his

case, the woman wage earner is responsible for the race suicide of his home.

All these are excuses which cannot be lightly dismissed. The

conditions which give rise to them show the perverse and downward tendency of society. Families are carried by hundreds of

thousands in the stream of receding humanity, whether they will it so or not. It is important to remember that race suicide is as

much today the result of social conditions as of any disinclination of men or women to escape paternity or maternity. It means the

destruction of society, even against the will of a large number of separate members that compose it. The only safety is outside the

worldly influences that are today destroying the home. Children

constitute the chief reason for the existence of the home. Prevent

them, and the home will disappear. With the abandonment of the

home comes the abandonment of the marriage relation. Along

with the disinclination to bear children comes equally strong the disinclination to marry. People in the midst of such social life

have not the power to reform it. Its headlong and irrisistible

course is toward selfdestruction, race suicide.

A Fair Record.

The pension bureau at Washington has given to the public the record of one of its pensioners, Peter West, of Iowa, soldier, saddler, lawyer, and farmer, who fought in the seventh Iowa cavalry. Mr. West, in his application, admitted that he has been

married ten times and divorced eight times. In the records of the

pension bureau are the names of many old comrades who were married four, five, and six times, but Mr. West seems to have been

considerably above the average. The average length of time between the divorces and marriages of Mr. West was five months; in

one case the interval between divorce and marriage was cut down

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD 795

to twelve days. Notwithstanding all these wives, it does not appear that he has given to his country a very large posterity, as he

is the father of but four children.

So far as learned, the ministers and women of the country are pouring in no petitions against Mr. West's application. Why

should they? He is quite in fashion. Some of his divorced wives

might sign it, but they are not numerous enough to cut much of a figure. Besides, Mr. West has lived up to the requirements of the

modern civilized family life. He has not offended human nature

and good society by bringing into the world a large number of children. Under ordinary circumstances the number four might

be considered rather a large family by one wife; but as Mr. West

had ten, it cannot be said that he was guilty of criminal neglect in permitting an offensive number of children into the world.

The Rubber Business.

It is forty years ago since this country began on a somewhat extensive scale the importation of rubber. Then the amount brought

here annually amounted to about a thousand tons; today we import

25,000 tons which has a value of $30,000,000.00, and in its manufactured state represents $100,000,000.00. More than half the rubber

used by us comes from Brazil. England's colonies provide us with

about onefifth, and those of Belgium onetenth. We also purchase

from the British East Indies about six thousand tons of guttajuletong. This substance is used with the rubber to cheapen some

of our rubber products. We also import ten thousand tons of

scrap rubber which is worked over into rubber shoes and other footgear.

The people of this country have invested millions in foreign rubber plantations. A large proportion of this foreign investment

has no other value than that represented by the paper upon which the stock certificates are engraved. Doubtless some of these rubber plantations will prove valuable, as the demand for rubber is

rapidly increasing in many of the manufacturing establishments of this country.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

LIKE THE WORLD.

There are a thousand influences at work among the young

Latterday Saints, urging them to be like the people of the world.

It has been a characteristic of the Saints that they were unlike the world, having been brought out of Babylon, to serve God in his appointed way. As people mingle with us, it is natural that

each side is influenced by the other; as far as right is concerned,

it is well that we learn by contact, but aside from this, there are many things which we would better never adopt, but rather use our strength to impress our superior view upon the lives of our friends.

One of the evils that residents of the cities are falling into is what may be called the tenement house life. Under this system

light, cooking,every convenience is furnished to the renter,—heat,

and comforts of all classes. Young people start life in this fashion, and dislike changing for a place of their own, or else get into

such extravagant habits that they are unable to save enough means to ever obtain one. Their whole time is given to themselves, and their social pleasures, instead of being partly given to

the building of a home. In order to continue in this line, there

must be no children, for they are a menace to tenement life, society and pleasure. So one evil brings on another greatly worse

than the first.

Another evil that residents of large cities are almost compelled to fall into is the living in rented houses. In eastern cities

there are miles of beautiful residences owned by landlords, and tenanted by people who perhaps have never known what it is to own a building of their own. That same condition is obtaining in

EDITORS TABLE. 797

our Utah cities to a greater or less extent, and it is rapidly becoming the rule in some of them. All this is detrimental to the

best interests of home life. It was early the rule among the

Latterday Saints to have the lands so divided that every family could -have a spot of ground which could be called theirs;

and it has been the proud boast of this people that among them were more home owners than among any other people of like numbers. This condition had a good tendency, and whatever

men said of us, the home among this people was a first consideration. It is this love of home that has made the Saints famous as

colonizers, builders of settlements, and redeemers of the deserts.

But in the cities there appears now to be coming into vogue the idea that renting is the thing. Of course, it may be necessary as

a temporary makeshift, but no young couple should ever settle down with the idea that such a condition, as far as they are concerned, shall be permanent. Every young man should have an

ambition to possess his own home. It is better for him, for his family, for society, for the state, and for the Church. Nothing so

engenders stability, strength, power, patriotism, fidelity to country and to God, as the owning of a home—a spot of earth that you

and your children can call yours. And besides, there are so

many tender virtues that grow with such ownership that the government of a family is made doubly easy thereby.

Let us continue, as a people, to be unlike the world in this regard. I hope the Saints will ever be a homeowning people,

and never become roamers, roomers and renters. We should

no more follow the prevailing notions in this than in some other things. The people of Zion have a higher destiny than being

led by the nose, as it were, by the prevailing whims. We do not

purpose being led by evil tendencies, but rather glory in being leaders ourselves in all that makes for the welfare and happiness of the home, the advancement of the Church, the prosperity of the state.

The Church as a church can not tie itself to the policies of alleged friends who demand that it be like the churches of the its own, and is governed by the inspiraworld—it has a mission of

tion of God to his servants, not by political schemers, alleged friends, and popular sentiment.

798 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The individual members of the Church have their free agency, but should not be governed by the prevailing fashions and fads least of all by the fatal fallacy: no family and no home. Such a

course means disruption and death to the best institutions with and the church;which a man may identify himself—the home

and with these with their influences and teachings gone, the state is in danger of destruction from moral degeneration.

Joseph F. Smith.

NOTES.

It is the little things, the trifles, which cut down the average of success possibility.

"How can I hear what you say,"said Emerson, "when what you are is thundering in my ears?"

He who sticks to a lie for selfprotection is as if he clung to a lightning rod in a thunderstorm. Selected.

Dr. Franklin once made the following offer to a young man:

"Make a full statement of all you owe, and of all that is owing you. Reduce the same to a note. As fast as you can collect, pay over

to those you owe. If you cannot collect, renew your note every year,

and get the best security you can. Go to business diligently, and be

industrious; waste no idle moments; be very economical in all things;

discard all pride; be faithful in your duty to God, be regular and hearty

in prayer, morning and night; attend church regularly every Sunday;

and do unto all men as you would they should do unto you. If you are

in too needy circumstances to give to the poor, do whatever else is in your power for them cheerfully; but if you can, always help the poor and

unfortunate. Pursue this course diligently and sincerely for seven

years, and if you are not happy, comfortable, and independent in your circumstances, come to me, and I will pay your debts."

IN LIGHTER MOOD.

Professor Syle, of the University of California, tells this story of himself: At the beginning of the last session, while calling the roll of the new students; he came to the name, Miss Sara Greene. He stopped to

express disapproval of the final "e"in her name, by asking "G-r-e-e-n-e,—does that spell Green or Greenie?"Miss Greene responded promptly:

"S-y-l-e; does that spell Syle or Silly?"Success.

The judge of one of the United States Circuit Courts, has a fiveyear-old niece, of whom he is very proud. A few days ago, she came to

him, and said, with a very serious air: "Uncle, there is a question about

law I want to ask you.""Well, dear, what is it?"patiently inquired the

judge. "Uncle, if a man had a peacock, and it went into another man's

yard, and laid an egg, who would the egg belong to?"The judge smiled

indulgently, and replied: "Why, the egg would belong to the man who

owned the peacock; but he could be prosecuted for trespassing, if he

went on the other's property, to get it."The child seemed very much

interested in the explanation, and then observed, innocently: "Uncle, did

it ever occur to you, that a peacock couldn't lay an egg?"The Law

Review.

At the end of a day's journey a traveler stopped for a night at a small rancher's sback in Montana. As he sat on the doorstep with his

host, a troop of children began playing about them. The New York

Times reports this conversation:

"These children all yours?"inquired the traveler.

"Yep.""How many?"

"Let's see,"and the rancher hesitatingly began counting them up on his fingers.

Pretty soon a drove of hogs came into view.

"Yours?"asked the traveler.

"Yep.""How many?"

"Five hundred and sixtythree,"was the instant response.—Youth's

Companion.

OUR WORK.

M. I. A. ANNUAL CONVENTIONS.

Salt Lake City, Utah, August 1, 1904.

To Stake Superintendents, Assistants, and Ward Officers of Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations:

Dear Brethren:

The annual conventions of M. I. A. officers will be held in August

and September, 1904, on the dates named below:

August 8th—San Juan.

August 20th—Taylor.

August 27th—Alberta.

August 28th—Alpine, Beaver, Emery, Benson, Bingham, Juab,

Malad, San Luis.

September 4th—Box Elder, Cassia, Granite, Pocatello, Teton,

Bannock, Jordan, Nebo, Weber, South Davis, North Davis.

September 5th—Panguitch.

September 11th—Union, Morgan, Ensign, Salt Lake,Pioneer, Liberty,

Star Valley, Hyrum, Utah, Wasatch, Cache, Woodruff.

September 12th—Kanab, Big Horn.

September 18th—Fremont, North and South Sanpete, Bear Lake,

Summit, Wayne, Millard.

September 19th—St. George.

September 24th—Parowan.

September 25th—Uintah, Sevier, Blackfoot, Oneida, Tooele.

The conventions in the Arizona and Mexico stakes will be held in connection with the quarterly stake conferences of those stakes, appointed in August and September.

Stake superintendents will please give special and immediate attention to the following items:

1st. Confer with the stake cooperation presidency—secure their

and arrange for the conventions.

OUR WORK. 801

2nd. See that your stake and ward organizations are all complete

and your class teachers selected before the conventions.

3rd. Notify all officers, class teachers, and M. I. A. missionaries, by

personal visit,if necessary,of the convention,and request them to be present.

4th. Secure suitable hall or halls for the convention, where both the

Young Men's and Young Ladies'officers may be accommodated, without interfering with the Sunday schools or the ward meetings. Consult

with the Young Ladies'officers in Regard to this.

5th. Have all Sunday school teachers who are Mutual Improvement

officers or class teachers, excused from their Sunday school classes to attend the morning session of the convention.

6th. Extend special invitation to the Stake Presidency; the High

Councilors; the Bishops and their Counselors; and all stake and ward

officers to attend the convention meetings.

7th. Select competent persons to treat the subjects at the convention, and assign the topics to them in advance.

8th. Previous to the convention, hold at least one meeting of the

stake superintendency, aids, and convention speakers, and discuss the convention subjects thoroughly, and perfect all arrangements:

9th. Have, so far as possible, your local missionaries selected, so

that they may all be at the convention to receive their instructions.

In making these arrangements care should be taken not to interfere with the sessions of the Sunday school; so that, some settlement should

be selected where the meetings can be held in some building other than that in which the Sunday School meets.

For the work of the Young Men's Associations two meetings will be held, one at 10 a. m., and one at 2 p. m. In the evening, at the most

convenient hour, a joint meeting will be held to which the public may be invited.

The meetings will be conducted by the stake superintendent under the direction of the representative of the General Board.

At the morning meeting the subject for consideration will be:

"The Class how to select him; (b) his duties; and at the Leader"—(a)

afternoon meeting: "The Indifferent how to get him; (b) how Boy"—(a)

to hold him.

The stake superintendent will select for each topic the most competent person in the stake to present the subject, and two other competent persons in the stake to discuss it in all its bearings after which a brief general discussion should be encouraged at which all pertinent questions will be considered. Great care should be exercised to select

the most suitable persons to discuss these subjects.

802 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

There has already been distributed to you a Manual of Instructions to officers. The member of the General Board, visiting your convention,

will conduct a quiz on this Manual and every officer is expected to be able to answer all the questions.

At the evening meeting, the following topics will be treated by members of the General Boards of Y M. and Y. L. M. I. A.: "Town Tramping—its Antidotes and Remedies,""Reverence,"and "Our Greatest

Needs."No effort on your part should be left unmade to thoroughly advertise the convention before your officers and all who are interested. This

calls for energetic work and close attention by yourselves and your assistants, and we trust that you will make every necessary sacrifice to accomplish the work, and that no excuse will be offered on the day of the convention, but that every requirement will be met and this year's convention be the best ever held.

With constant prayers for your success and the Father's blessing upon your labors, we remain, Your brethren, Geo. H. Brimhall,

Edw. H. Anderson,

J. Golden Kimball,

Thomas Hull, Bryant S. Hinckley,

Committee.

RESPONSIBILITY OF OFFICERS.*

BY JOSIAH E. HICKMAN, SUPERINTENDENT Y. M. M. I. A., UTAH STAKE, PROVO.

The responsibility of officers implies a trust and a duty, not only of money, statistics, and organizations, but of the education, of the purity of the youth of this generation. It devolves upon us to organize the associations and see there is a wholesome growth of the spirit and the

letter.

An association may have every officer and auxiliary; may have precision in deportment, tabulated program, exact time for beginning and

closing, in fact may have all the mechanical adjustments with triangular and hyperbolic accuracy; and yet without the spirit and testimony

of the work, there is friction and waste of energy. Just as, in the most

perfect machine without oil, most of the work expended in running it is * Read at the general conjoint officers'meeting Y. M. and Y. L. M

. A., Salt Lake City, June 5, 1904.

OUR WORK. 803

consumed in overcoming friction. So, to reduce the loss in friction, there

is need of more delicate adjustment and perfect lubrication. Then the

machine more nearly approaches perpetual motion. We wish the organizations of our Church conducted with this selfadjusting spirit that

each shall run without external pressure or coercion.

I shall deal first with the mechanical phase of this subject; viz.,

the manipulation of the associations. The duty of the stake officers, as

well as those of the ward; is to be alert even before the time for the

reopening of the associations to see what material they have at hand.

And, if they have any offices vacant, be actively ready to recommend the best talent they have at their command. Before the candidates are

chosen and set apart, I feel the work and obligations should be carefully explained; and then learn if they are willing to assume the responsibility. If not, they are not the ones wanted. Every year in our stake we

call our officers together; and, after explaining the work, we ask if they

are willing to be responsible in their various duties. Invariably we receive the assurance that they are. Yet we find some who have to be

followed and urged to fulfill their promises. I have an instance in mind

where a president, this year, promised me faithfully five different times that he would do a certain work, and still that work is not done or even begun. It is refreshing to find an officer upon whose promise you can

safely rely. I used to think it was only ward teachers who failed in their

responsibility, but I find that, even in other organizations, there is the same tendency.

The Stake superintendencies are responsible for the completion of their organizations and their active work. They are, to a certain degree,

responsible for the ward organizations, also for their success. Yet more

directly are the officers of each organization responsible for their own ward, both as to attendance, preparation, and interest. This is the ideal

condition, but the friction of discord and the dead drag of indifference check this perfected movement.

To overcome these obstacles, the officers should (1) be in sympathy with the work; have faith in themselves; faith in the young people; and

faith in their God. (2) Ask no more from the members and subofficers

than they are willing to do themselves. (3) Meet often as officers

and review their work and prayerfully discuss conditions, needs and means of meeting emergencies. (4) Be loving and lovable. (5) Be

prompt in opening and closing meetings. Don't wait for your audiences. We all admire promptness and dispatch. I believe it demoralizing to appoint a meeting at a certain time and be a half hour later in

commencing. Not long since I filled an appointment in a neighboring

804 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

county. When I asked the presiding officer what time the meeting

was appointed, he replied: "Seventhirty, p. m., but you do not need to

be there until eightfifteen, for we cannot get our audiences until a half or three quarters of an hour after the appointed time."An association

run on that plan of polite lying, would die of a severe attack of indifference and procrastination. Why do we hasten to the depot with ungainly

strides, when we think we are a quarter of a minute late, and drag to

Church, though we are five minutes late? Because the one keeps its

word and the other waits till we get there. It won't do! It won't do! A

business run on such a plan would need a bankruptcy law to keep it going.

Finally, let us be honest with ourselves and those over us. I have

been stunned at the stolid indifference of some of our young men—I hope

the young ladies are not guilty.—After making faithful promises to discharge their duties to the best of their ability and on being set apart,

they scarcely ever appeared at the meetings. And, in a few cases, they

never made a move to fulfill the first appointment. This indifference is

too prevalent even with the more important officers. In our own stakes

we find a marked tendency after a young man gets married to relinquish his duties in the association. I wish the young ladies would look intothis matter and correct the evil, if they are to blame. It is not only true

of the officers, but of the lay members as well. Now our associations

are a phase of that great feast which the master gave. And I was forcibly impressed with the statement that when the servants were called to

the feast, one had bought five yoke of oxen and wished to be excused;,

another had married a wife and could not come. I wondered why these

two were put as coordinate reasons for their failing to come to th& feast. I surmised that it was because one woman could pull a man as

far from the kingdom of God as five yoke of oxen. I wish the young

ladies would look into this matter for our sakes.

The responsibility of the Stake officers appears very grave when we realize there is placed for their guidance the youth who are in their transition period from childhood to manhood. That period when new

forces of life are awakening; when all the luring fallacies and fantasies

of society and mind mingle with their scintillating splendor to entice the young from paths of safety and rectitude into the maelstrom of

Babylon from which many never return. This period of life is the rapids of youth where the most danger is encountered; and yet it is the

most precious and valuable period of life. For this is the period when

character is formed; when destinies are launched. It is the period when

the young receive with greatest readiness, if rightly presented, their deepest religious convictions.

OUR WORK. 805

Prof. George A. Coe, a noted psychologist, states that out of the

thousands he examined as to their religious persuasions only five per cent of them accepted Christianity before the 9th year of age. From nine to

twelve years of age, seven per cent; from twelve to fifteen, fourteen per

cent; from sixteen to eighteen, fifty per cent; from nineteen to twenty,

sixteen per cent; from twentyone to twentyfive, seven per cent; from

twentysix to thirty, one per cent.

This would indicate that youth, early manhood and womanhood, are the periods of life when we get our religious impressions. This coincides

with the Savior's statement: "You cannot put new wine in old bottles."

It is our responsibility to put new wine into new bottles; to hold in

check youth's wayward tendencies; to hold at bay the blighting evils

that surround them. This can only be done with God's help. We need

the inspiration of our work; that inspiration which comes through his

Spirit. Without it, we are impotent and vascillating. With it, we are

strong and invulnerable. We must have a love for the work and a love

in the cause of youth. We must love them in spite of their weaknesses

though they be red as scarlet. If we would do our work well, we will

marshal to our aid every uplifting force from the home, from society, and the whole moral world. We must look through and beyond the discordant lives of the wayward and see the divinity within.

When the old sculptor was asked why he was constantly looking at a large piece of shapeless marble, he replied that he was not looking at the stone but the Christlike form within. So, my friends, we are not

gazing upon the sinful life, but the hidden Christlike form within.

is suggested that if one woman can President Joseph F: Smith:—It

do as much as five yoke of oxen in keeping a man from performing a duty, will not the same woman be able to do as much in keeping him in the line of his duty, if she has a mind to? or will it take five women to

do as much as one yoke of oxen in that direction?

The paper was discussed by Supt. Geo. N. Child, of Alpine stake, and

by Emma Whitney Pyper, of Ensign stake.

brothers and sisters, there is no Elder George N. Child, said:—My

part in this paper that is now before us for consideration with which I desire to take issue. I wish to endorse heartily the opening statements

of the paper, wherein it is said that the responsibilities of officers embrace both a trust and a duty, not only of money and of statistics and the organization of the associations, but of the education of the youth, both in the spirit and in the letter.

I wish also to endorse the emphasis that has been placed upon the 806 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

duties that grow out of the mechanical manipulation of the mutual improvement work. There are a great many duties that devolve upon the

officers, both local and stake, that may be classed under the heading of "the mechanical manipulation of the work."These duties are indeed important, and the officers who are successful in the work will see that

these mechanical adjustments are attended to in their proper time, and in their proper manner. The fact that there are officers who have been

appointed and called to labor in the organizations who do not take the responsibilities upon them and perform the duties connected therewith, as related in the example given in the paper regarding the young man who had promised five different times to perform a duty, suggests the necessity of the care that should be exercised by the stake officers in the selection of young men and young women who will take the responsibilities upon them and properly attend to their duties.

It is necessary that the officers be well acquainted with the plans, with the detail work, so that they may be enabled, as executive officers, to carry out the plan of work of the organizations.

It is truly stated, as I understand it, that these organizations stand for the spiritual uplifting of our young people. I desire to emphasize the

word spiritual. They should stand for the improvement, spiritually, of

the young people of Zion. This suggests to my mind that the work, to

a large extent, is a spiritual work, and the greatest responsibility that rests upon the officers, whether local or general, must be of a spiritual nature. The first and foremost duty that grows out of that responsibility, as I understand it, for local officers, would be to see that they fully

sense the importance of the work, that they are thoroughly qualified spiritually, and converted to the nature of the work, and then that they form such social conditions in their community that that spirit and that inspiration may pervade the whole organization. It was suggested in the

paper that an organization may be complete mechanically, and yet fail to carry out the vital principles for which it was organized. I agree

with that, yet those conditions are not often met with. Usually it is

the man or the woman, the officer, who is spiritually right that sees to the detail of the organization, and to the execution of the plan of work.

It is the Spirit that giveth light, and I believe the most successful officers are those who are spiritually right, and who then become personally acquainted with the members of their respective associations, and perform the duties connected therewith; or, if they are stake officers, I believe

those will be most successful who are spiritually right, and then, by personal association, they inspire and instruct the various local officers in their stakes. If the officers of these organizations throughout Zion are

OUR WORK. 807

in a proper spiritual condition, the detail work is sure to be carried out effectively. We sometimes hear of the selection of other officers for organizations that have not been entirely successful, but that have been

made very successful by the change of officers, largely due to the spiritual condition of the officers selected. We find in some associations, in

nearly every stake, officers who fail to take the responsibilities upon the'm that are theirs by reason of their positions. I have been wondering, since reading the incident mentioned in the paper that has just been

read to us, how far the stake officers can be responsible for the nonper- formance of duty, on the part of the local officers selected, and I believe that, as stake officers, we are sometimes responsible to an extent.

I think we should be longsuffering, and if we are possessed of the proper spirit, we will have more influence, and will be stronger in the advice and counsel to be given, and in the inspiration that proceeds from our personality. If we are not possessed of the right spirit, we may be responsible for the nonperformace of the duties of the officers. The spirit

of the work must proceed from the head.

In closing, I desire simply to emphasize this particular point: That

the greatest of all responsibilities of Mutual Improvement officers, is to get thoroughly converted to the work, and to be spiritually right.

I pray that the blessings of the Lord may attend us. May His

Spirit inspire our hearts to works of righteousness, and to deeds that will be uplifting; I ask it in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Sister Pyper said: In the few moments I expect to occupy, I shall

touch upon those points which appeal to me most strongly, although there are so many good ideas treated in the paper that it is difficult to select from them for discussion.

One of the requisites in my opinion, as in Brother Hickman's, is faithfulness to duty, which embraces punctuality and the most of other virtues. It should be the bounden duty of every officer to see that nothing but serious illness prevents his regular attendance, and so soon as it

becomes known to the members of the association, that the officers will be at their post, so much greater the impetus to them to do likewise.

Nor should an officer ask to be excused from an association after a few moments of attendance. I well remember as a member of the Y. L. M.

I. A. the bad impression that was left upon the young people present by

the frequent request of the president to be excused, pleading another engagement. The disappointment and spirit of indifference that pervaded

the room after her departure was most marked. Perhaps a speaker had

gone to infinite pains to prepare her lecture or topic, having in mind, as part of her reward, the approval of her president, and the president was 808 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

not interested enough to stay and hear it. There should be no other engagement upon that night. From the President down, each one should

make it a matter of conscience to be faithful to the trust reposed in him.

How one who had agreed to accept the position, and who had been set apart to that duty, can fail in keeping his word is incomprehensible to me. To make the fulfilling of a duty so much a matter of honor that to

fail would be an unheard of circumstance, of which one would be heartily ashamed, should be our aim. In an experience of six years'service in

one association, there was but one failure on the program. The silence

.that followed that failure to respond was appalling. There were no

more failures after that.

Another essential point, and to the observance of which I believe the success of one association that I know of is due, and upon which I feel very enthusiastic, is punctuality. Start on time, if there be less than

half a dozen people present, or if none other than the officers be there.

Maintain order—one can be firm without being harsh—win the love

and respect of those in your charge by practicing what you preach.

There is another point which interests me very much which is in regard to wives hindering husbands in the performance of their duty. I

am pleased with Brother Hickman's remarks, "If"the young ladies are to blame—for I think the responsibility should be shared—I am an advocate of the cause of the home life. The duty of every woman and every

man begins there, though it should not end there. If one does his duty

faithfully at home, there is no fear but that he will be just as faithful to any other appointment he may have to fill. To* often a father or

mother becomes so engrossed in outside work that the greater need at home is neglected. It is a dangerous and most unwise thing for a wife

to use her influence to prevent her husband from performing his Church duties, and I should not have any confidence in him, should he allow himself to be so governed. But I also think that the home is first. I have

in mind one good brother who lived a long life of usefulness in the

Church, never missed an appointment, nor failed in anything that he was asked to do away from home. He died a few years ago and was eulogized as an exemplary man in every respect. But I do know that his

children grew up without acquaintance with their parents. There was

no time given to them, and when they reached manhood and womanhood, they seemed to be utterly indifferent to him and to their religion. It

seems to me that both could be given right attention, and if a woman be wise, she will urge her husband to do the right thing in this regard. And

a man should not make light of her work. Brother Hickman's paper appeals to me strongly, for in it I find invaluable advice to stake officers,

<\i which I am a very recent member.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH.

Local—June, 1904.

New Bishops Chosen.—Elder Oscar F. Hunter was sustained Sunday, June 12, as bishop of the Eighth ward, Liberty stake of Zion, at a

meeting held in the ward house, to succeed Bishop Elijah F. Sheets wha

had presided there for 48 years. Elders James G. McDonald and George

F. Richards were also sustained as Bishop Hunter's counselors.—At a

meeting of the Saints of the Fifteenth ward, held in the evening in the ward meetinghouse, Sunday, 19th, John Wallace Boud was ordained and set apart as Bishop of the Fifteenth ward, to succeed Elder Edward T.

Ashton, who is now a member of the stake presidency of the Salt Lake

Stake. John Moller Christensen and George Savage Ashton were also sustained and set apart as Counselors to Bishop Boud. Presidents Joseph

F. Smith and Anthon H. Lund were present and ordained and set apart

the brethren to their offices.

Valley, and in Bear Lake, and Severe Frost.—In the Snake River

many of the upper valleys of Utah, such as Ogden, and Morgan, a severe frost, on the 24th, injured potatoes, peas and all kinds of vegetables, and in some instances the growing grain.

Tuesday, June 7, Caroline P. Winslow a Died.—In Ogden Canyon,

hand cart pioneer of 1856, born England, Feb. 5, 1830, and baptized in

the fall of 1856.—In Provo, 7th, Sarah Ann Scott, wife of the late

Bishop A. H. Scott. She joined the Church in 1847.—In Salt Lake City,

17th, John Frederick Oblad, born Sweden, Nov, 10, 1841, baptized April 1, 1859, came to Salt Lake in 1865. He filled a mission to Sweden in

1873-4, and was a highly respected citizen of Utah for forty years.—In

Ogden, 16th, Ann Hardy, born England, April 16, 1820, joined the Church in 1850, and came to Utah in 1874.—In Salt Lake City, 16th, Annie D.

Luce, age 64 years, who came to Utah as an orphan in 1847, the wife of

Wilford W. Luce.—In Ogden, 19th, Sunday, Josiah M. Ferrin, for 27

810 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

years bishop of Eden, and a member of the High Council of Weber

Stake, born New York, Jan. 22, 1834, joined the Church in 1852, filled a

mission to England in 1868, and removed to Ogden in 1896, becoming soon thereafter a member of the High Council.—In Salt Lake City, Tuesday, 21st, Jane McCune Gardner, a pioneer of 1847. She joined the

Church in 1844, and came to Utah in Bishop Edward Hunter's Company,

Sunday, 23rd, Mrs. Andrus Olsen, a pioneerOctober, 1847.—In Morgan,

settler of Morgan Valley, aged 70 years.—In Salt Lake, 16th, Edwin

Frost, born Connecticut, 63 years ago, and a Utah pioneer of 1847. He

worked at his trade as blacksmith ever since.—In Hood River, Oregon,

27th, Edward W. Davenport, born Mass., Sept. 20, 1822, came to Utah

in 1851, removed to Idaho in 1884, and in 1900 to Oregon.

Monument to the Memory of Joseph the Prophet.—The first

definite step towards the erection of a monument to the memory of the

Prophet Joseph, and the Patriarch Hyrum,Smith was taken Monday aftersixtieth anniversary of their martyrdom—when thenoon, 27th,—the

First Presidency, and other authorities of the Church, assembled on the

Temple block, and selected a site for the monument. The chosen spot is

near the southeast corner of the block, directly west of the first entrance, on the east side of the grounds.

July,—1904.

The "Tribune"Under New Management.—Perry S. Heath, who

took control of the Tribune on October 17, 1901, resigned as manager,

June 30, and Joseph Lippman, a trained and practical newspaper man of good ability and who is well known in Utah, at once succeeded Mr.

Heath, assuming the management July 1, and will issue the paper as a straightforward Republican organ.

first six months of this year, the ore Ore Production.—During the

and bullion settlements amounted to $11,267,540, besides about $4,000,- 000 drawn from the furnaces of the copper plants in the valley. This

would show that Utah produces about $30,000,000 per annum from the mines. Dividends amounting to $2,046,500 have been paid exclusive of

profits divided by "close corporations,"and personal undertakings.

New Member of School Board.—On the 5th, Mathonihah Thomas

was elected a member of the Salt Lake Board of Education, to fill the vacancy caused by the removal of B. S. Young to Canada.

President Woodruff Released.—Elder Ashael H. Woodruff, presiEVENTS OF THE MONTH. gll

dent of the Northern States Mission, was honorably released on account of sickness, July 2. For some time past he has been sorely afflicted

with a disagreeable growth in his right eye, and on Tuesday, June 28, it having become necessary, that member was removed in one of the hospitals of Chicago.

Death op Bishop Sheets.—Patriarch Elijah P. Sheets, one of the

early pioneers of 1847, and who had served as Bishop of the Eighth ward, Salt Lake City, for 48 years, died at Rexburg, Idaho, Sunday, July 3, while en route to Teton basin to visit with members of his family.

He was born March 22, 1821, in Charlston, Chester count)', Pa. He

became an orphan at the age of six years, and a short time later found a home in the family of Bishop Edward Hunter, who at that time, was a wealthy farmer of Chester county. On the 5th day of July, 1840, he

was baptized by Elder Erastus Snow, and the following year removed to

Nauvoo, where he was ordained an elder and volunteered to work on the

Nauvoo Temple for six months without pay. In 1842, he filled a mission

to Pennsylvania; in 1844, he filled another mission to Great Britain,

spent the winter of 1846-7 at Winter Quarters, where he lost his wife and child, and in 1847 crossed the plains as captain of a ten in Perrigrine Sessions'company of fifty. In the spring of 1848, Elder Sheets

went on a mission to Iron county, as a pioneer; here he remained for

some six months, when he again returned to Salt Lake Cit\. May 11,

1857, he was ordained a High Priest and a Bishop, and was set apart to preside over the Eighth ward, which position he held until about two weeks before his death. He was ordained a Patriarch, Friday July 1,

1904, at the President's Office, by President Joseph F. Smith, just before

his departure for Idaho. Elder Sheets has held many important positions of trust, both ecclesiastical and political, and was one of the

prisoners for concience, having been sentenced by Judge Sanford in 1888. Since the Salt Lake Temple was opened, in 1893, he has been a

faithful and continuous worker in that edifice. His body was brought to

Salt Lake for burial, and his funeral services were largely attended,

President Smith being one of the speakers.

Sad Ending op 4th July Celebration.—At Glenwood Park,

Ogden, a fireworks celebration on the 4th ended in the death of two people. A 5-inch mortar, used for the discharge of fireworks, burst, at

9.30 p. m., the flying pieces instantly killing Daniel W. Shupe, of Ogden,

and Charlotte Clarke, of Warren, and severely injuring four others.

Shupe was a well known young business man, a member of the ShupeWilliams Candy Co.; and husband of Etta Gay Shupe. Miss Clark was an

812 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

estimable young woman who was to have been married next November to Joseph Gibson, of West Weber. The three men who were operating

the fireworks have been arrested for criminal negligence. Quite a number

of less serious accidents occurred in various parts of the state from the handling of arms and fireworks.

Charles W. Penrose Chosen a Member of the Quorum op

the 8th, the Presidency of the Church announcedTwelve Apostles.—On

that on Thursday, 7th, in the Council of the Presidency and the Apostles of the Church, Elder Charles W. Penrose was unaimously chosen to

fill the vacancy in the Council of the Apostles occasioned by the death of Abraham 0. Woodruff; and he was ordained and set apart as one of

the Twelve Apostles under the hands of the First Presidency and the

Apostles present, President Joseph F. Smith officiating.

Charles W. Penrose was born Feb. 4, 1832, in London, England;

joined the Church in 1850, being baptized May 14: was shortly after

ordained a deacon, and on Jan. 6, 1851, was ordained an elder and sent

on a mission to preach the gospel, in which work he spent ten years in his native land, then emmigrating to Utah, settling in Farmington, where he was ordained a Seventy and one of the presidents of the Fiftysixth quorum. He moved to Logan, in the fall of 1864, and was called

on a mission to England in 1865. On arriving in England, he labored

for some time in Lancashire; was then sent to preside over the Essex

conference, and afterwards over the London conference, bringing many persons into the Church. He labored for two years on the Millennial

Star. Returning after an absence of three and a half years, he labored

as a home missionary and member of the High Council in Cache Valley until January, 1870, when he was called to Ogden to assist in the establishment of the Ogden Junction, a semiweekly paper of which he became the editor, and which soon became an influential daily. He was ordained a

High Councilor, and acted as home missionary in the Weber stake of Zion, and was elected to the Legislature from Weber county; he also served seven years as a member of the city council. In 1877, he was called by president Brigham Young to assist in the editorial department of the Deseret

News, and on September 3, 1880, was appointed editorin-chief. He was

elected a member of the Legislature of Salt Lake county in 1879, and reelected in 1882; was a home missionary in the Salt Lake stake, and

became second counselor in the stake presidency Aug. 2, 1884. In January, 1885, he went on a brief mission to the states, and while there was

called on a mission to Europe; he labored in nearly every part of the

British Isles, presided again over the London conference, and in company

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 813

with President D. H. Wells visited Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Germany

and Switzerland. He wrote articles for the Star, baptized many persons

into the Church, and on his return took up his work on the Deseret News to which he had contributed during his absence, and has been active ever since as an editorial writer, a home missionary, and a defender of the faith.

On June 30, 1904, he was unanimously chosen by the Church board of education as a member of that body, to fill the vacancy that occurred through the demise of Hon. James Sharp. The calling of Charles W.

Penrose to the Apostleship is a recognition of ability, faith and a lifelong devotion to the Church. It is a wellmerited reward, not an experiment, and will meet the hearty approval of the Saints the world

over.

Grasshopper War.—State Senator Larson, of Sanpete, visited Salt

Lake on the 9th, and gave an idea of the war on grasshoppers in his county. He is the author of the bounty law passed by the present legislature providing for a payment of one cent per pound for the pest. Nets

are set for the hoppers, and in this way as high as 75 bushels have been caught in one day. Between Manti and Ephraim more than 11,000 pounds

were eaught in one day; while so far, twentyfive tons have been destroyed. This means much to Sanpete farmers, and the destruction of the

hoppers in Sanpete is a real protection to other parts of the state.

will be composed of 460 Republican State Convention.—This

delegates, the apportionment being one to every 95 votes cast for Hon.

Joseph Howell for Congress in 1902. The convention will meet in Salt

Lake City, August 25, 1904, 11 o'clock a. m., to nominate candidates to

be placed on the state ticket for three presidential electors, governor, secretary of state, attorney general, state treasurer, state auditor, superintendent of public instruction, judge of the supreme court, and a representative.

City, Saturday, July 2nd, at the home of Presi. Died.—In Salt Lake

dent Anthon H. Lund, Nels Peterson,born Lehi, January 26 1861, a son of

the late President Canute Peterson, of Sanpete.—In North Ogden, Monday 4th,Abraham Chadwick, born March 30, 1821,in Blakely, Lancashire,

England; baptized in 1840, came to Nauvoo in 1842;remained in St. Louis

and Council Bluffs for a number of years assisting in the emigration of

Saints. His wife died in 1850. He filled a mission in 1853-4 and at the

time of his death was a member of the Bishopric of North Ogden.—In

Ogden, 7th, George M. Kerr, the Union Depot Master, born Newcastle814 IMPROVEMENT ERA

onTyne, England, April 8, 1841, came to Utah in 1863, and has been in the railroad service many years; he was well known by prominent men

from all parts of the country, and was a man of splendid character.—In

Manti, 9th, Margaret K. Reid, born Belfast, Ireland, 1826, and came to

Utah in 1862. She was the mother of thirteen children, a faithful member of the Church,and mother of Hon. William K. Reid.—In Stone, Idaho,

10th, W. T. Harris, born England, 1815, an old time resident and business man of Salt Lake.—The funeral of Joseph R. Dover took place in

Salt Lake on the 10th. He was a substantial man, born England, October 11, 1823, and came to Utah in 1871, having joined the Church in

1847. He built the first gas works in Utah.

Domestic—June, 1904.

Political Changes.—On the 10th, AttorneyGeneral Philander C.

Knox was appointed by Governor Pennypacker, of Pennsylvania, to fill the vacancy in the Senate caused by the death of the late Senator Quay.

The Republican papers are satisfied with the appointment, while it does not suit the politicians; and the Democratic papers insinuate that Mr.

Knox has been taken out of the Department of Justice bv the trust and railroad interests, to which he was hostile there. On the 24th, the president appointed William H. Moody, former Secretary of the Navy, Attorney General; Paul Morton, of Illinois, Secretary of the'Navy; and Victor

H. Metcalf, of California, Secretary of Commerce and Labor.

lately appalled the Sea Disasters.—Two fearful sea disasters have

world—the burning of the General Sloeum., in East River, June 15, with

twelve hundred people on board, mostly innocent womenj and children, nearly one thousand of whom perished in flame and water;—and the

sinking of the Danish steamer, Norge, June 28, west of the Hebrides, by which over seven hundred lives went down in the sea. These calamities

have caused much discussion; and some doubt as to God's providence has

been expressed on the part of certain writers, who have been answered by others who hold that men are responsible for breaking laws upon which physical results are all that occurs should be based—and that not

laid to God, but that the responsibility should be placed.where it belongs.

Political National ConConventions.—On the 21st, theJRepublican

vention met in Chicago. Elihu Root made a campaign, keynote speech;

and later a platform was adopted declaring for the maintenance of the protective tariff. Theodore Roosevelt, and Charles Warren Fairbanks, of

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 815

Indiana, were chosen standard bearers of the party, as nominees for president and vicepresident.

The Democratic National Convention met on the 6th, July, at St.

Louis, John Sharp Williams'address in reply to exSecretary Root was the feature of the first day. Later Judge Alton B. Parker, of New York

was nominated for president, after the platform had been adopted without a financial plank. It was early Sunday morning before the convention adjourned, the last act being the nomination by acclamation of exSenator Henry G. Davis, for vicepresident, a wealthy and respected

West Virginian, eighty years of age last November.

On the 5th, the Populist convention at Springfield, 111., named Thomas E. Watson, of Georgia, and Thomas H. Tibbies, of Nebraska, for president and vicepresident.

The Prohibitionists have nominated Silas C. Swallow, of Pennsylvania; and the Socialists, Eugene V. Debs, of Indiana, as presidential

candidates.

July, 1904.

Sane Celebration of the Fourth.—While we in Utah have had

more serious accidents on the 4th, than usual, it appears that the agitation for a sane celebration of our great national holiday, has had its effect in the East, for the day after the 4th, only 52 deaths and 3,049 injured were reported, a much smaller number than last year.

bulletin shows the Negroes in the United States.—A census

negro population of this country to be 9,204,531.

of land The Rosebud Indian Reservation.—On the 5th, this tract

in South Dakota was made accessible to the public. It contains 8,500000 acres of fine land, which will be apportioned by lottery. On August

24, the Devils Lake reserve in North Dakota will be opened, and 550 homesteads, or 88,000 acres of land will be drawn for. The opening of

these and other reservations would indicate that while the Indian is not retreating he is being absorbed.

is not quite so prosperous The Trend of Business.—That business

as last year is evident from the report of Dun & Co., showing that there

were 6,124 commercial insolvencies in the first half of 1904, with $ r<9,- 490,000 indebtedness, against 5,628 in the first half of 1903, with liabilities of $66,797,000.

Foreign—July 1904.

E. Eliot, British Commissioner Zionist Affairs.—Sir Charles N.

816 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and Commanderin-Chief for the East African Protectorate, has resigned his position rather than make the grant of land offered to the Jewish

Colonial Trust. So the proposal to establish a Jewish colony in East

Africa, as a practicable substitute for the return of the Jews to Palestine, has met with opposition.

Another serious drawback to the scheme was the death of Dr. Herzl,

the founder of the Zionist movement, in Vienna, July 2. He it was who

succeeded in getting the 6th Zionist Congress (August, 1903) to endorse the African scheme. It may now prove abortive. A sketch of Dr. Herzl

appears in the Era, vol. 7, p. 358.

Cape to Cairo Railway.—In the early part of the month this

road was completed to Victoria Falls, on the Zambesi, 1,633 miles from

Cape Town. Its bridge over the Zambesi is said to be one of the greatest of modern engineering triumphs.

is authentically stated in the financial deBought a Volcano.—It

partment of the New York Independent that a New York syndicate has bought the Mt. Popocatapetl volcano for a price said to have been

$500,000, on account of the sulphur deposits in the crater, which have been estimated in a Mexican report to exceed one hundred million tons.

The "Mad Mullah."—The "Mad Mullah"reentered early in July,

British Somaliland with 6,000 followers 2,000 of whom are armed with rifles and well supplied with ammunition and supplies. He

was defeated with heavy losses by the British a few months ago, and on

April 14 took refuge in Italian Somaliland. The natives were thought

to have been thoroughly quelled, but now many of the tribes have again rallied to the standard of the prophet.

efforts are being made English Raising Cotton in Africa.—Strong

to cultivate cotton in the British possessions in Africa, in order that

England may be freed from her dependence on the United States for the necessary raw material for her textile factories. The Cotton Growers'Association is to spend $150,000 to develop the industry in Lagos,

Southern Nigeria and Sierra Leone, and the Colonial Office will contribute $32,500 for the same purpose.

..J!..t..J! WASHER Organs. The "1900"

Do you want one? We have X Saves Women's Lives. **

several Choice Organs on JjJ hand which we are closing The III) out from PERFECT $15 to $45 WHSHIIC Write us at once for full information. Everything MACKIti.

known in Music. All mail

orders receive prompt attention. 103 II USE

limy STATE AGENTS TOR THE

a breaking thread and Carpets PIANOLA. **'.'. Washes Lace Curtains without ease. with perfect

Price $12.OO Carstensen &

Money refunded in 30 days if nt r "nc. satisfactory. Anson Co., jj Jo*. F. Hanson Furniture Co, Gen. Agents,

TEMPLE OF MUSIC. Brlgham City, Dtah.

.. 74 Main Street, - Salt Lake City,.f. BarnesHardy Co.Local Agts,8alt Lake City

Successors to Daynes Music Co. Write for Particulars & Testimonial*

-. iii -- i "I "I"I"I "I"X"I"I"I"I"I"I"I-- X- l -- I| i hi i

THE FIRST VOLUME OF B. H. ROBERTS'GREAT WORK

fh "flEW WITNESS GOD"Is the property of the GENERAL BOARD OF

Y. M. M. I. A. Every student of the Senior

Manual for 1903-4 should read it. The subject

treated is:

JOSEPH S1WITH AS A WITNESS FOR GOD

While the Associations are now studying the subject:

THE BOOK OF ffiORfflON AS A witness foH goo.

Every member should read both volumes. Send

for the first volume for yourselves and your libraries.

Price $1 50 Postpaid.

Order from. I. Y M. M. A.

214TEMPLETON BUILDING. - - SALT LAKE CITY.

THE RIO GRANDE WESTER]*... AND...

THEDElWERAflDRlOGRAJIDE

Best hoeal Train Service Id Utah.

From ten to forty minutes the fastest line between Ogden, Salt Lake City, Lehi, American Fork, Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with through sleeping and dining cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St. Louis and Chicago.

MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE. J* J*\*

For Rates, etc., enquire of Local Agent or

write "I. A. BENTON,

General Agent, Salt Lake City

Oreoi? Sfyort Cipe Railroad

Operating 1262 Miles of Railroad through the thriving States of..

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONLY ROHD To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

FIVE DAILY TRAINS BETWEEN SALT LAKE CITY AND OGDEN.

all Points East,The Fastest Service to

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE SHORT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

t Office, |\fo. 201 fflair; Street, Salt Cale gty. qty 5kKe

T. M. SCHUMACHER, Gen Traffic Mgr. D. E. BURLEY, Gen. P. & T. A.

W. H. BANCROFT, VicePiest. and Gen. Mgr.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

YOU ARE DELUDING YOURSELF Telephone 351. WHEN YOU SAY,

Jos.Wm.Taylor,

UTAH'S LEADING UNDERTAKER "A Telephone

AND LICENSED EMBALMER.

ParPrivate Chapel, Funeral Fine would be of lor, Morgue. and Show Rooms

OrriCE OPEN DAY AND NI6HT.

21,23, 25 South West Temple St. no use to me

SALT LAKE CITT, UTAH. 9

at the house.'

TRY IT AND SEE.

ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN, Ask any of your many COUNSELORBT-LAW.

friends who have it. U. S. Supreme Court, Registered Attorney U. S. Patent Office, United States and

Foreign Patents, Caveats, Trade Marks and j* J> j

Copyrights. -

ONE DOLLAR PER MONTH IS No. 700 7th Street, N. W.

Opp. U. 8. Patent Office. WA8HINQT0N.D.C. TOO CHEAP TO REQUIRE

ARGUMENT.

"THAT This Space is Reserved for the GOOD COflLi."

A Comfortlnsufanee Singer Poliey.

161 JVIeighn St. mi

Successor to Co. PLEASANT VALLEY

COAL CO.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Bra.)

..CARPENTERS'TOOIiS..

An Important Branch of Hai*dcuare.

full Kits of the best tools manWe can supply any number of ufactured. Many tools are necessary articles in every family,

occasions to use them being of almost daily occurrence.

The superior quality of our tools is universally recognized.

Carpenters and joiners are unanimous in praising them. All our

hardware is spoken of in a similar strain. We make a point of

carrying nothing but the best goods in every line, and our prices are the lowest at which the best goods can be sold.

T7 C* 1\7T T tah 's Greatest Department Store

DRY GOODS GO.M.TH0PS

69 MHIN STREET.

'i ''i 'l 'I 'l "l I 1 I,M"I r i I"I"I ''M"I"I -| -'ri H"ll X l I, I ll l, 'M "M H"M"I TH-I-fr HM"I.iIl

OFF 50 %

on all Dress Skins, from August i

5111 10 15th. 1904. 1

'i ''I I I - i i"Hi..i "i HlH H "i i M I l I l 1 H- "M "H.M

The New Ideal Paper Pattern, 10 cts.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)