The Sego Lily scientific lily, bears the state flower, the sego

Calogenus Nuttalli. name The THEnameUtahCalochortus

chortus is derived from two Greek words, Kalos, beautiful, and Chortus, grass, in allusion to the flower and its grasslike leaves. The species name Nuttalli is in honor of the

great American botanist, Thomas Nuttall (17861859), who did much to inform the world of the beauty of this gem of the American desert.

The common name "sego"is of Indian origin and should be pronounced sego and not sago, as one often hears.

It was from the Indian that the Mormon pioneers learned of the great value of the sego as an article of food and indeed this plant often served in these famine years of the early settlement of Utah as manna from heaven.

The sego is strictly a western genus, there being about thirty species, and our state flower ranges from the Black

Hills of South Dakota to New Mexico, and westward to

California. California is particularly rich in species of Calochortus. There these flowers are known as Mariposa lilies.

The sego lily was selected as and declared to be the state flower of Utah, March 18,1911. It was the popular

choice of the school children throughout the state, who recognized in this flower an object of rare beauty common to every sagebrush hill of the state and at the same time a plant that lent strength to determined souls dedicated to the task of empire building.

A description of the sego lily should be as superfluous to a child of the desert as a word picture of a western sunset.

To every son of a pioneer it is something sacred, a living.

emblem of purity and strength.

:14Hi]LliI:

100 DDD tn 7DD.0DtrTOTire

MOTOR OIL

[PREVENTS 'ATTRITION* Attrition Wearing by friction.

of 88 Gasoline Pep TiresUTAH OIL ManufacturerDistributor of Atlas and BatteriesREFINING COMPANY 400 Service Stations and Dealers in Utah and Idaho

CODETHE IMPROVEMENT ERA Heber J. Grant, Editor

Harrison R. Merrill, Managing Editor Elsie Talmage Brandley, Associate Editor

EDITORIALS

June Conference in Relief -H. R. Merrill 416

What Brand Patriotism? H. R. Merrill 417

ARTICLES Frontispiece. H. R. Merrill 386

Charles A. Callis Bryant S. Hinckley 387

International Conferences Pres. J. Reuben Clark 393

Reminiscences of Charles W. Nibley By Himself 396

Glasses, What Do They Mean? Medical Staff B. Y. U. 399

The Mormons and the Mountains - Vesta P. Crawford 400

The Kingdom of God Nephi Jensen 405

When Rags Were Precious Rachel G. Taylor 406

Flags of the Confederacy Lucie A. Ferguson 409

The Oxford Groups at Close Range C. Frank Steele 410

The Lord Overrules Joseph F. Merrill 413

Ogden's Hole Andrew Jenson 414

Our Historical Insect Foe Elsie Hoffman Buchanan 418

Through the Birches Mae Huntington 424

FICTION Turquoise Taffeta Alice Lee Eddy 390

One Saturday Edna W. Sloan 398

A Quest Josephine Dahl 412 POETRY Grandma's Birthday. William Thompson 389

A Tree and I William Sykes 392

Thoughts jl * Lars H. Mortensen 397

Water Oscar H. Roesner 403

Homes of the Pioneers Clara Aiken Speer 407

For the Dark Stranger. Ardyth Kennelly 415

Coin of the Realm Clarence Edwin Flynn 415

Sacrament M. J. Cole 415

In a Garden Rosannah Cannon 415

Just Dog.. Ranee Wilcox 415

Dry Farm Andrew M. Andersen 415

Shadows Herbert H. McKusick 415

Under the Hollyhocks Mabel West Lillie 415

Grand Canyon Maud E. Uschold 415

Memory Melodies Fay Cram 420 Contrast. Helena May Williams 433

Elegy Edith Welch 441 Reward Billie B. Cooper 44

DEPARTMENTS Lights and Shadows on the Screen 425

Glancing Through 426 Ward Teaching 428 Aaronic Priesthood 429 June Conference Flashes - - 431

M. I. A. Accomplishments During Month of April 434

Your Page and Ours, Inside Back Cover

NEW AUTHORS Charity. Eldred Knight 421

My House For You Birdice Crouch 421 |My Boy; Leone Rose 421

'Why Should We Look on Death as Sad James J. Casto 421

Welcome I Paula Bloomfield 421

Answer, Betty Wall 421 Beauty.... Billie Clarke 421

To the SouthernArizona Pioneer Minnie Seaver 421

As Little Children Leone Rose 422

A Parable The Dreamer 423 |A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations and

Department of Education Published monthly by the ASSOCIATIONS BOARDS GENERAL IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL OF THE

Entered at the Post Office, Salt General Mgr.1 Melvin J. Ballard, OFFICES: EDITORIAL EXECUTIVE AND

City, Street, Salt Lake Utah 50 North Main Clarissa Beesley. A. Associate secondclass Mgr. as Utah, Lake City,

Copyright, the 1932, by Mutual Men's Young B. Peterson, Business for O. Mgr. at Acceptance mailing Association Corporation Improvement of

rate of the matter.special for < George provided postage Morris, Q. Saints. Clirist Latterday Jesus Church of of

Katie C. Jensen.-Ill rights reserved. Subscriptidn price, $2.00 a in section 1103, Act of October,

Chairmen Era and Publicity year, in advance; 20c a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

jsiar 'WH

"ENTERING THE VALLEY,"BY J. B. FAIRBANKS

B. FAIRBANKS, probably were selected by the Church to

tist, in was born Payson, that they serve as decomightJ the oldest living Utah argo to Paris to study art in order FrontispieceUtah, 27, In 1855. December rators of the various temples that

those days Payson was a village of a few houses on were under contemplation. They entered the Acadthe edge of the Indian country. emy Julean in 1890, where they studied under

Very early in life J. B. manifested a love of art and Jules Levebru, Benjamin Constant, and Jean Paul

music. He recounts that among his mother's prized Lawrence. J. B. studied landscape painting one

steel engraving of summer under one of the most famous artists inpossessions were two pictures—a

Rosa Bonheur's "Horse Fair"and a print of the home Paris. When he showed his landscape work to Benof a grandmother in Massachusetts. These pictures jamin Constant, the teacher said: "If you are going

he used to look at every opportunity he had as they to be a landscape painter there is no need for you to go were stored away in a trunk. His handling of them to school any against getting in a rut more—guardwore them to such an extent that his mother decided and you will succeed."

they would be safer on the wall, so to the delight of Since that time art has filled the life of the pioneer the children, they were brought out and placed where artist who has produced pioneer scenes of beauty and all could see. strength. His wheat fields and harvest scenes are many

When J. L. Townsend went to Payson as teacher in and varied. In them he has caught the genius of the

public schools, he did all he could to encourage the early Utah farm. He has also many canvases like the

interest of young Fairbanks in drawing and art. Mr. one produced here depicting early pioneer scenes.

Townsend also gave some instructions in drawing. Probably due to that early love for the engraving in

When young Johnnie Fairbanks was eighteen, the the possession of his mother, he has produced a magnimaster, John Hafen, moved to Payson and established ficent copy of Rosa Bonheur's "Horse Fair."This

a studio. Fairbanks, a baseball enthusiast, visited the fine canvas was copied from the original while he was

studio and beheld Hafen at work. After that baseball in Paris. It now hangs in the offices of the City Comwas forgotten and painting became the boy's ambition. mission in Provo, Utah, and is worth anybody's effort

One day while at the studio a controversy arose over to see. The writer has seen the original and yet he is

a drawing and those interested went to Hafen for able to enjoy again the thrill of the fine work from this advice. Mr. Hafen decided the question in Fairbanks'copy by Fairbanks.

favor to the boy's great delight. Then Mr. Hafen Mr. Fairbanks is important to the art world in anturned to him. "Johnnie,"said he, "I want you other way. He has produced some artist sons who are

to paint a picture."carrying on the art tradition. Avard Fairbanks, sculp-

J. B. pondered that in his mind. Secretly he set tor and teacher, and J. Leo Fairbanks, painter and

about copying a picture of a Welsh castle. When it teacher, did the art work for the Church exhibit at the

was finished he brought it out. It was so well done Century of Progress World's Fair Exposition in Chithat he had a hard time convincing his mother that it cago and both have done some fine things. Some of

was his. When she finally believed, she threw her Avard's sculptored figures have won national acclaim.

arms around the young man's neck and as the tears J. B. Fairbanks is of the early painters of Utah, but

streamed down her cheeks, cried: "John, you are he is still producing. The gold of the harvest, the

an artist."green of the sage, the love of this great western land

Later J. B. Fairbanks, Loris Pratt, and John Hafen are all in his many works. H. R. M.

*8Sfe E3GREATNESS IN MEN V

This story of one who loved Jesus with his whole heart will be appreciated everywhere but it will be enjoyed most by those who have come in contact personally with this man of strength and power. Here is one who uloved his fellow men"and has beengreatly blessed for it—blessed with the love of all who know him.

R.CHAR S CALLIS

By BRYANT S. HINCKLEY

dechivalrous heart has he which throughEVERY passed has given him lights to honor those who conquer the "malice of their an intimate underfate"through the power of constanding of the plain secrated endeavor. people and an insight

For a man whose worldly ininto their problems heritance was poverty, whose that few public men school days were spent in a coal have. A man who

mine, whose text books were has worked in a coal heavy tools, whose daily task was mine for twelve hours to win bread for his widowed a day for $2.50

the value of a knows adverse these conquermother—to dollar. disconditions to serve and with

tinction as a state legislator, to

:qualify for the bar and to succeed.::::

as a lawyer, to preach with persuasion and eloquence at home and abroad the revealed gospel of the

Master, to preside for twentyfive years over one of the great Missions of the Church, to inspire the lives and direct the activities of thousands of missionaries and finally to ELDER CHARLESOF A.THECALLISTWELVEOF THE COUNCIL

be called to the apostleship is an achievement that challenges the LEFT: MRS. CALLIS.

old.admiration of young and be young men may who "THERE this requires not do only To the of think door opportunityability of unusual order an but an

is is closed, there chance that nounconquerable will capacarid the ity for prolonged and concentrated for them. Not so. Charles A.

effort. Callis spent the impressionable

Charles A. Callis is a self made years of his life in work that ofman in the literal meaning of these fered little opportunity for

growth arid culture. Today hewords. His broad shoulders and

strong hands bear indisputable stands unabashed in any presence, evidence that he has been on inat home in any society. How

For the better part of fifteen did he do it? It is the same dratimate terms with hard work, that

he has known firsthanded just years Charles A. Callis worked in matic and inspiring story of strong

what the laboring man pays in the mines at Coalville, Summit men rising from humble surroundterms of toil for his daily bread. County, Utah. He knows what ings to eminence. The best friend

He speaks with a full and sympait is to come from the pit after a a young man has is not comfort, thetic understanding the language long, hard day and wash the dust but the stimulus and challenge that of the laborer. and grime from his face, only to comes from a hard environment,

The school of experience repeat it day after day. opposition to which awakens his

388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934

; CHARLES A. CALLIS AT AGE OF 20. superior intellectual endowments,

GRACE E. PACK AT AGE OF 21 BEFORE HER MARRIAGE. of rare patience and sweetness of

in maintaining an orcharacter,fort and whoencourageknows ahowmissionaryto comat far from home. Echo, boy

i s located which 9k ganization has a constant support been She the canyon down from Coalville. He and inspiration to her husband in

had no conveyance, the discharge of his arduous and this was prior to the responsible duties as president of president of the Mission. She was the automoof days the Relief Society Mission of the he before bile, but

would allow that asfor twentyfive years.

sociation to fail he This union has been blessed with children: eight (Mrs. Paul Grace and walked down and powersslumbering

(Mrs. Kathleen Summerhays) ten of distance back, a re- #>, hiddenreveals his

; Charles Spencer Al- A. Larson); week, each once miles, strongsources. The

(twins, bert Quilliam and Nephi conducting lessons and the from cushgiving come notest have men; deceased) (Mrs. Irwin Josephine is Failure not writthe meeting. surroundings lives. Softioned

Spillsbury) Paul; Laura; John, Charles A. of lexicon the in ten failure. breedoften and Pearl. "Charlie,"as he is familiarly Callis.

called, was born in Dublin, Ireland, In 1896 he was elected a memMay 4, 1865, son of John and TN September, 1902, he married ber of the state legislature from

Charlotte Quilliam Callis. His Grace E. Pack, an experienced Summit County. This was a hisfather died when Charles was a and successful school teacher, who toric session. In those days United

child. The widowed mother, with is a woman of sound judgment, of States senators were elected by the

her children, moved state legislature. Durto Liverpool, where ing this session the

Charles was baptized contest for the senaand confirmed a memtorship developed one ber of the Church of the bitterest politwhen he was eight ical fights ever waged years of age. in the State of Utah.

Two years later Fiftythree ballots the family, consisting were cast before a of the mother, two choice was made.

sons and two daughThere were times ters, left England for when the transfer of

Utah. They sailed two votes would have

in the S. S. Dekota, elected the leading

traveling third class candidate. The most

"because,"as he smilpowerful and relentingly observed, "there less pressure was was no fourth class."brought to bear upon

Their coming was Representative Callis, neither be who could possiblemade coerced nor Perpetual intrigued through the to cast against his vote Fund Emigration his convictions. contest was This plan adopted a by the Church for THESOUTH,CALLIS1906. FAMILYTHE CHILDRENWHEN THEYARE GRACEWENT

assisting people to emigrate to this AT RIGHT AND KATHLEEN IN CENTER. so bitter and the influences emcountry.

The Callis family settled first in Bountiful, Davis County, three years later moving to Coalville,

Summit County, where Charles made his home until he went to the Southern States on a mission.

In 1893 he was called on a mission to England and while there was made president of the Irish conference. On his return he

served as stake superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. in Summit

stake for nine years. In this service

he displayed the qualities of a real THE CALLIS CHILDREN leader. Cheerful but determined Photo made in Chattahe faced every obstacle. During nooga, Tenn., 1915.

.one winter he experienced difficulty

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934 389

ployed were so powerful as to test Soon after the adjournment of and discouraging circumstances, he out the moral fiber of every member the legislature, at the solicitation of took up the task.

of the legislature. When these prominent men in Park City who Among his friends was Joseph

powerful influences concentrated had watched with interest the L. Rawlings, one of the ablest and

their efforts upon Charles A. Callis career of Charles A. Callis, he ran best trained attorneys in the State

they discovered no weak spots. He for County attorney and was of Utah, who mapped out with

is sound to the core. elected. He had no academic traincare a course of study for the newly

Many of his influential constituing, little or no knowledge of the elected officer. Following this

ents were disappointed in the stand law, in fact no technical preparoutline Charles Callis made arwhich he had taken with reference ation for a position of this kind. rangement with the County atto the United States senator and torney of Salt Lake County to

he went from the legislature with T\JOW we get a glimpse of the real spend whatever time he could in the impression that his political man, a revelation of the forces that office studying procedure under career was ended, but solaced with that have made him. He resolutely the Utah Statutes. In addition to

the satisfaction that his conscience made up his mind to qualify for this he secured the necessary books was clear, that he had followed his new job. A gigantic underand went to work and he worked

without wavering the light of his taking but, without hesitation and as few men can work.

best judgment. His rugged honin the face of the most stubborn In eleven months thereafter he

esty and his unyielding took the state bar examiintegrity won the confination. He describes with

dence of friend and foe. emotion his impressions

Men who could not conand experiences of that trol his vote developed a eventful day. There were

wholesome respect for his college graduates and men integrity. of experience and legal

In the representative learning all there for exfrom Summit County the amination. Elder Callis

miners of Utah had a felt keenly his handicaps friend. One of Charles and approached the task

A. Callis'first efforts as a with humility and mislegislator was to provide givings. To the surprise

protection for miners and of the examiners, of himto safeguard their interself, and of his friends he ests. He was instrumenmade a brilliant showing

tal in securing the passage and passed the examinaof three measures which tion with distinct credit have been of practical and—in fact he was the only

permanent value to all one who received the coal miners: unanimous vote of the

The first provided for examining board. This

an examining board was a major achievement.

which was authorized to He was now a fullgrant certificates to those fledged lawyer and for six who proved their fitness years served Summit for the duties of mining County with distinction boss. as its prosecuting attorhis law ney. During provided second The GRANDMA'S practice the conhe won are paidthat miners where

by weight suitable scales fidence of his associates at BIRTHDAY judges the bar, of the on furnished and beshould clients By William Thompson the bench, of his the atthe coal weighed mine so that any subse- /"S RANDMA'S here to visit and of the people.

quent loss or waste was - And we hope she'll always stay In 1906 he was called not charged against the She is so kind and gentle to the Southern States sixtyfive just today. And rethe and, Mission on third, that and themen; flowers lovely her gave We tirement E. Rich, of Ben supplies, inemergency tales listened to her And

cluding stretchers, blanAbout an old Professor became president of that kets, first aid material, Who taught a school of whales. Mission, where he re-

a little says prayer She always for a quarter of a mainedetc., accessible should be will good, us keep That God century. fiveat every where mine it's course, sometimes very hard Of

should. just do as weor more miners were emTo a missionary and as

as as be good Grandma AS Toployed. a president Mission everyone, loved by And

These measures have And have so many birthdays, he was preeminently sucresulted in saving the lives Would be such jolly fun. cessful. The reason for

of many workmen and in this is easy to discover adding thousands of dolwhen you know the man.

lars to their earnings. (Continued on page 435)

390 TURQUOISE // ever a person begins to wonder how strong the -power of words can become reading a story like this one settles his mind.

TLmotions are translated into living; thoughts

are imbued with reality; life awakens in the

hearts of all who have been asleep to its need for love and tenderness.

THE GIRL LOOKED UP QUICKLY. HER

MOTHER LAID A HANDFUL OF COINS

AND BILLS OF SMALL DENOMINATION

ON THE FADED QUILT.

.HERE was enough! had seen the fabric on her first trip "When you get to be a big girl There was tmore than enough! For to town, a roundeyed, eager fouryou can have pretty things like

thedays yearold. been hugging gasphad she had "Oh, woman Ma,"her through rung had this"—it

secret heart ed,to her the "can I a dress knowledge have of that?"been the substance dreams and had

that she had only to send the order "Hush"her mother admonished, of her hopes for forty years. And

now, or better yet, wait until she but the customer examining the she had never had it. \

went to town to be able to see, to silk had held it up before her adorThrough her girlhood she had touch, to buy it! ing eyes and said kindly, "You are dreamed that perhaps her wedding

All her life the woman had too little for this now. When you dress—but the soft gray mohair,

wanted a silk dress, one of lusget to be a big girl you can have with touches of lace and ribbon, trous turquoisecolored taffeta. She pretty things like this."which was beautiful as well as

TAFFETABy practical, had been so much more slippers that you wanted,"cut in suitable. She had married a good her mother tonelessly. ALICE LEE man, thrifty and just, but hard, "Yes, twice in my whole life,

and he handled all the money for and see what other girls have. his household. The woman acEDDY Besides that wasn't Pa. He could

cepted this fact without resentment, let me go to college if he only but the coins which occasionally would. If it was harness or binder

found their way into her hands about her. "Pa,"Fanny was saytwine he'd get the money quick

she secretly saved for the dress. ing as she helped 'sideup'the supenough."In a storm of tears she

She had started saving them in her per dishes, "don't you think it went to her room.

bridal days, putting the coins into would be nice if I could teach next "I'm sorry,"said her father, a box under the prim white teayear? looking at the woman apologetictowels in a cupboard drawer, in a Her father only grunted. ally, "But you know we can't afcandy box with a cover as bright "I could get this school out here ford it,"and he took his pipe and

and gay as her hopes. so I'd be home to help Ma evewent out to the back step for his

Twice during the long years, she nings and I'd get sixty dollars a evening smoke.

had emptied the box, both times month."

for her daughter, Fanny. The first "You can't teach with just a 1HE woman went on

time she had used the money to buy high school certificate."clearing the table automatically.

a white muff with little black bears'"If I went to the A. C. to sumThere was a resentful gleam in her

heads on it which Fanny had mer school this term I could."eyes and her lips twitched nervouswanted with all her eager childish "That's out of the question. ly. She put the last dish away and

the for back determinedly started been time heart. second had The teach, to need anyway."don't You cut of sobbing the eighth finished door. sound The Fanny when

I to I supto! want "But want stillness. the give The to the chosen grade summer through and was

I things. don't do myself port and suddenly. With at graduastopped the valedictory county woman a desolate to tied to be down want little she turned sigh exercises. hopeless a tion

it Pa, like Please old farm Ma. across the room. slowly and walked classmates, inappropriher All dollars."fifty take only would dejectedly and drooped head Her ately to chosen enough, wear had

white satin beaded pumps, which "I'd like to see you go to any her eyes were dry and dull with summer school on fifty dollars!"defeat. Fanny's father had felt he could

not afford to get for his daughter. "Oh, yes, I could Pa. I've got Fanny was lying face downThe child's disappointment had a scholarship so I don't have to pay ward on her bed and she did not

been so real and so bitter that when tuition and there's a lady down move as her mother shuffled in.

they had gone to the county seat there who will give me my board "Fanny, could you do it on the day of graduation the woman and room if I help with the housetwenty-one dollars?"

had bought the slippers. As they work. Manda Smith stayed there The girl looked up quickly. Her

had passed the silk counter in the last year. All I need is just a little mother laid a handful of coins

big store something almost like a money for my ticket and books and and bills of small denomination on sob had escaped the woman, but things like that. I could do it on the faded quilt.

Fanny had not noticed in her joy less than fifty if I had to. Please "Oh, yes,"Fanny hardly could

in possessing the desired footwear, Pa!"believe her eyes. "Can I go, then?

with more and shinier beads on "You ought to stay home and Where did you get it, Ma?"

their satin vamps than any she had help your Ma.""I've been saving it."

seen. She had been a little ashamed "Ma won't care if I go. Please Fanny had never been so happy.

when in the place of a coin purse, Pa, just lend me the money.""Oh, Ma, I'll pay it all back to you

her mother had counted out the "You know what prices are this as soon as I get to teaching. It's

money from a pasteboard box, its year, Fanny. Fifty dollars looks wonderful of you, Ma."

once bright cover faded and shabby. as big as five hundred just now.""Never mind. I know what it

Refilling the box each time had Fanny was desperate. "I think means to you,"said her mother.

been a heartbreaking task. The you're awful! I just ask you to "I'll phone for the Wells'to take

woman had been resolute, howhelp me a little bit so I can earn me in to the train with them in the ever, in the cupkept the and box hapso morning. I'm Oh, Ma, the After I have my own way.

it board, to adding when parlor the into danced py!"and she I can't she scholarship bear to and all

could. At last she had succeeded. give it up for a few extra dollars. to telephone the good news to her

There was enough. It isn't fair! You never have given friends.

With warning sharpness, her me things I've wanted!"The woman returned to the

mind focused on the conversation "You got a muff and some white kitchen. From the cupboard

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934

drawer she took out the empty box, brought the money she loaned me,"flickered for an instant on the a catalogue with some of the pages she displayed a handful of bills. woman's face.

marked, and a handful of samples, "Pa, what was it Ma always "All right, Pa,"she said.

raveled and faded with age. Her wanted; what was she always savThe doctor told them that evehand shook a little as she lifted ing for?"ning the crisis was passed. Next

them, but she crossed to the stove "Why,."I didn't know that morning the patient was holding

rest easyand raised the lid steadily. One by she—her own and continued to

one she dropped them in. There "She kept it in an old candy throughout the long day. By the

was a bustling roar, a flash of box. I remember she bought my next day the improvement though

flame, and then just a heap of gray graduation slippers with it, and the slight was definite and the man embers. She was too old for a gay summer school money took it all. returned to his home.

color like turquoise, and she never If I knew what it was for I'd go He kept remembering the things went anywhere to wear a silk dress buy it and take it to her but since Fanny had said, her passionate, anyway. She went out and sat I don't I've brought the money.""As if I'd marry."She must think

beside her husband on the step. "Ma always had what she Ma had had a hard time. Surely

The sun had just set in such needed."he had been a good husband. He

glory as only the bleak westlands "Oh, of course it wasn't somehad meant to be. They hadn't

see. The harsh browns and yelthing she needed!"had much luxury but they had

lows were muted by purple shadThe nurse beckoned them and always had what they needed. Yet

ows and the western sky was flamthey entered the quiet, sunny room. how scornfully Fanny had exing with gold and crimson. Even The woman opened her eyes, but claimed, "of course it wasn't somethe stolid man was impressed. gave no other sign of welcome. thing she needed!"Fanny was

"Pretty night,"he commented. Fanny spread out the money on the young; she always wanted some

The woman beside him was not bed. "See, Ma, here's the money foolish bauble, but Ma was sensilooking at the sunset. She was you loaned me. You* must get well ble. She knew the value of a dollar

gazing at a patch of deep, vivid right away and spend it."and what it meant in hard work.

blue sky overhead. "I love it,""You keep it,"the words were Frugality and hard work had put

she said simply, and added softly little more than a whisper, "for them where they were, land free to herself, "it looks like turquoise your marriage."from debt and enough savings to

taffeta.""Marriage,"exclaimed Fanny pay all these hospital bills. Ma

with suppressed violence, "As if I'd never complained or asked for fool1HAT fall the woman marry!"She looked at her father. ish things. It was just another

drooped. Fanny noticed it when "You try,"her eyes commanded. notion of Fanny's. He would

she came home from summer The man cleared his throat. He brush his hands across his eyes and

school. She had made a splendid moistened his Hps with his tongue. dismiss the whole matter, but it

record at school and that, coupled "Sure need you on the ranch, Ma. would return. He kept seeingwith the last minute resignation Them turkeys, now—"he realized Fanny's scorn, hearing her voice.

of the regular teacher had won her from Fanny's horrified expression Sometimes he stopped working a position in the Canfield schools, that he was doing very badly, but and stood for minutes at a time, a rare opportunity for an inexperi- a light that was almost a smile, a bewilderment shining in his eyes.

enced teacher. "I almost wish I

hadn't taken this school after all,"I-.T was a long, lonelyshe told her mother, "I think you A Tree and I time for the man, but finally the

need me here."By 'William Sykes day came for the woman's return.

"Nonsense,"said her mother. She seemed in fine spirits. "See

a tree."It's one day beneath start to wonderful get a I"STOOD in greeted she him, had Pa,""Fanny * I, fools be. Thought mortals What weCanfield. right We're of proud a coat over with new made my struggle grief through pain, on To and isyou, Fanny. too."Your Pa It's like collar. just a fur new search for happiness in vain. And.""I "it's said just know,"Fanny, tree tall, stands straight This so which and one—his It suffers I guess."fall. way, fears not a nor we're going shopping,""And

lifted it stands years. With arms for first the flurry, the With snow to going Fanny. announced "I'm see tears. does foolish not And my ill. fell rushing Fanny,woman hat. dress silk a and buy a new Ma

home with a doctor and an amStill sad at heart I went away. If you want to make a contribubulance, whisked her away to the Thought I, In distant lands I'll stay tion, Pa, we could get new shoes

'Til its time has played part promisedCanfield hospital. then the Even too."

healed heart. aching of me my totally was for the And unpreparedman The man produced a five dollar like love die But never could minetelephone voice call, Fanny's shakbill. still as long nigh. As hovered hope

ing with worry and fear saying, And though I cried that hope was gone "Oh, we won't need that much "Come quick, Pa, Ma's dying."'Twas all in vain, love lingered on. for shoes,"said the woman.

There was a dull silence. "Pa, Pa, said "Never mind,"Fanny So found and I came that she homeI said—."gaily, "there change."suffered won't be any too, because Had of me.

"I heard you. I'm coming."How strange that in one fond caress There was though, and the

it to him when Fanny met him at the hospital. WithI foundchangea worldof heartof happiness!I stood once more woman returned"She doesn't seem to be making any Beneath the tree I viewed before. she displayed the purchases—new

fight to get well,"she told him. How sad, thought I, with sympathy, hat, new shoes, a silk dress of

"She's listless. We must rouse I pity now this lonely tree. heavy blue crepe.

her, make her want to recover. I've {Continued on page 436)

..

RNATIONAI

CONFERENCES the How TheWhy and By PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

In this, the third and concluding installment of the interesting discussion of "International Conferences,"President

J. Reuben Clark, Jr., takes the readers of the "Era"behind

the scenes and acquaints them with the mechanics of managing and participating in these august gatherings. From the

glimpses given we get a very good idea as to what such words

PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR., as diplomacy and politics really mean.

A DELEGATE FROM THE UNITED STATES

PART III suchand-such jurisdiction and At Montevideo the subcommitduties, and that soand-so will be tees were sometimes formally orthe day following the the chairman thereof. He pauses, ganized; others did their work by

"inaugural session"the very momentarily, and then cominformal conferences with no oneON

First Plenary Session of the pletes the announcement with the in charge. Where formally organConference was held in the same statement that no objection being ized, a subcommittee would have

place with the same machinery of heard, it is so ordered. The ob- a chairman and a Ponente, (the

publicity, press men, "movies,"jecting delegate would need to be French call him the Rapporteur) "talkies,"camera men. Now the indeed "fast on his feet"if he beat When they perform their functions

Minister of Foreign Affairs of the presiding officer in his announcfully, the Ponente is the most

Uruguay, Dr. A. Mane, took his ing. This procedure is followed powerful man in any subcommittee

place in the presiding officer's chair until the Conference is fully organor commission; for it is his duty

and delivered his speech of welcome ized. The President then names and right to listen to the various

to the delegates representing the the hours and places of meeting of discussions and proposals that take sovereign countries so present at the various committees so formed place and that come before the comthe Conference. When Dr. Mane by him. mittee or subcommittee, and then

finished his address the Secretary When the different commissions to draw what he considers to be of State of the United States arose or committees meet, their respective the conclusions reached as a result and moved that His Excellency, chairmen proceed just as the Presof the committee's discussions. In

Sr. Dr. Alberta Mane, Minister of ident of the Conference proceeded. theory and practice, the report of

Foreign Affairs of Uruguay, should He specifies the subcommissions or the Ponente is rarely changed, so be the President of the Conference. subcommittees to be organized, deit is quite within his power really

This was put to a vote by the gentlefines the jurisdiction of each, and to determine what the action of the man up to that time acting as Secredesignates the membership of each committee shall be.

tary of the Conference, and carried. by States (not by individuals)

Under the parliamentary proFor example, he announces that the AS the foregoing shows, the plan cedure obtaining in such Confercommittee will be composed of works this way. The Presences, the presiding officer of the delegates from the United States, ident of the Conference creates the

Conference specifies the main ComParaguay, Uruguay, Brazil, Mexico committees, defines their work and jurisdiction, Haiti, that its reand and their jurisdiction, and appointsmittees or Commissions and names duties will functions be those really and spective chairmen, without the chairmen thereof. The ordiwhich he names. It is left for the consulting the Conference. The

nary method followed to do this head of each delegation from each chairmen of the various committees is as follows: the President of the country so named to designate the divide the work of their respective

Conference announces that, unless particular national delegate who committees among subcommittees, there be objection, suchand-such shall serve on each particular subwhich they create, specifying their a committee will be formed, with committee. work and their jurisdiction, and

394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934

naming their chairmen; while the which it is a subcommittee) in a LAST PLENARY SESSION OF CONFERENCE

chairmen of the subcommittees plenary session of that committee.

name the Ponentes, whose powers The full committee in turn rethe formal record, of its objections are as indicated above. Thus any ceives the report, considers it, deor "reservations"to the instrument

president so minded can completely bates it, and adopts, amends, or involved.

dominate the work of every subrejects it. The committee then T'HERE should be mentioned here,

committee and committee of the takes the matter to the full Conferanother committee not ordiConference. This was not done ence in plenary session, which in narily falling within the work outat Montevideo, but the American turn (after discussion) rejects, lined in the Agenda, which at

delegation to the Second Hague amends or adopts it. Montevideo was called the ComConference (1907) complained The final work of the Confermittee on Initiatives, or, in our

bitterly of the autocratic procedure ence frequently takes the form of parlance, a "steering committee."

used there. Furthermore, in Eudeclarations, resolutions, votes of This committee is made up of the

ropean conferences, where the conthanks, conventions and treaties. Chiefs of Delegations. Its work

ference is called by one power, and A part or all of these may be emis to eliminate proposals it is not held in the capital of another, it bodied in a Final Act of the Condesirable to bring before the Conhas by courtesy been frequently ference, which is signed by the ference, to delimit other matters considered desirable that the presipowers at the end of the Conferthat should go to the Conference, dency of the conference should go ence. Provision is usually made but only when so delimited, and to

to the nation calling it. It has that any powers not attending or shape broad lines of policy for the

been suspected that in some cases at not signing at the closing of the work of the Conference, indeed, least, a nation, seeing the drift of Conference, may sign or "adhere""to steer"the Conference. At the

international opinion and that a later. Montevideo Conference this comconference would be called (perIt frequently happens that, for mittee on more than one occasion

haps in relation to matters it would one reason or another, some power saved the Conference, particularly really have preferred not to dismay not approve of all or of part on the side of its international ecocuss), has itself called the conferof a declaration, resolution, or nomic work, for one of the powers ence in order that under the foretreaty adopted by the Conference. had brought forward a plan which,

going procedure it should be able In such cases, such a power usually if pushed, might have proved an to direct the deliberation of the makes a declaration or "reservainsurmountable obstacle to the succonference and control its action. tion"setting out its position, and cessful completion of the other

The work of a conference orit may do this, first, when the matwork of the Conference.

ganized as outlined above is about ter comes before the subcommittee All conferences have their great as follows: for action, next when it is subdramatic moments. The MonteThe subcommittee, to which is mitted to the committee, and lastly video Conference had at least three,

assigned any given subject, investiwhen the matter comes before the two related to the war in the Chagates, discusses the subject or subwhole Conference. Furthermore, co, between Bolivia and Paraguay,

jects assigned to it, using a Ponente, the signature by that power of the and the other involved the United if it wishes, for the formulation Final Act, or of the treaty, will States.

of the results. It reports its connormally be accompanied by a The war in the Chaco has been

clusions to the full committee, (of formal statement, made a part of going on for several years. EfTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934 395

forts to stop it, by the United sentatives of the press streaming THE third great dramatic incident

States alone, by the United States into the chamber and filled the galof the Conference also conand other American powers, and leries with spectators. cerned the Chaco situation. It

by the League of Nations, had been came almost at the end of the Conunsuccessful. It was waging at the A SECOND dramatic afternoon ference. The armistice between

very doors of the Conference. Secmarked the discussion before a Bolivia and Paraguay was about

retary Hull determined wisely and plenary session of the Second Comto expire; no progress had been

humanly, that something must be mission, when the subcommittee made towards peace; the Bolivians

done to end it. Beginning with a charged with the matter gave its were accusing the Paraguayans of

statement as the delegation touched report on the "Rights and Duties bad faith and breach of the armisevidently tice the Paraguayans had (Brazil)at de Janeiro Rio States."on its of report—in the operations, the; upper during hand in the south, and continuingway of a draft form Thisconvention—was

the early days of the Conference, obviously aimed at the United and their army, a long way from

Secretary Hull pressed forward a States and its policy of attempted home, apparently unwilling to be relentless campaign for peace in the and intended helpfulness in the robbed of the fruits of victory,

Chaco. As a result of persistent region of the Caribbean. For two were seemingly somewhat out of

and increasing pressure, led by the hours the delegation of the United hand of the Paraguayan GovSecretary, the two belligerents States sat and listened to an outernment; the Paraguayan delesigned, in the third week of the burst of criticism, some misrepregation was just a bit on the deConference, an armistice to last till sentation, and much misinterprefensive; the bitter hatred, born of

the first of the year. The Contation, which probably no member years of war, were flaring up into

ference appointed a special subof the American delegation would flames from the embers only partly committee of the First Commission seek to pass through again. The put out by the armistice; the comto deal with the Chaco problem. criticism came principally from the mittee of the League of Nations,

At the first plenary meeting of small Caribbean states. One of the which had been on the ground

the First American delegates observed to the making a study, was in Montevideo Commission—presided Chilean Minister of head of the Latin American deleand cooperating with the Conferover by the

Foreign Affairs, Dr. Cruchaga gation, on the evening of the same ence in an effort to have the armisafter the signing of the armistice, a day, that this had been one of the tice extended and peace made. The

flood of fervid, congratulatory, and great days in history, a unique day, maximum moral pressure of the grateful oratory burst forth that for it was the first time in history whole western hemisphere, and inwould be difficult to match. As that any great power had sat, deed of the whole organized world

this was an ordithrough the nary meeting of League of Nations, the First Commiswas being brought sion, this outburst to bear upon two had not been antiny belligerents to ticipated and so bring an end of "the big shots"what the world bewere not in attendlieved was an unance. Indeed, so necessary and

unexpected was it therefore criminal that the head of conflict. But

the Paraguayan there were some delegation, D r. whispers passing

Justo Pastor Benaround that two ites, Minister of of the principal

Foreign Affairs of powers at the ConParaguay, was not ference were furin attendance at tively and secretly the meeting, and discouraging peace did not arrive unand fomenting til many had trouble, because spoken, including the head of the DELEGATESJ. REUBENTO THECLARK,CONFERENCEJR., their prestige could not tolerate

Bolivian delegation, Dr. Casto RoEXTREME LEFT that peace should be made in Monjas. The Paraguayan took the tevideo, and not in one of their

floor almost immediately after he without reply or expressed protest capitals. Others must not succeed

entered the chamber and delivered or resentment, and listened to such where they had failed.

an impassioned, though tempered, a welter of critical attack from a Accordingly a plenary session of oration that left many of his heargroup of small states, one of whom the Conference had been called to ers in tears, and that will never be owed its very existence to the power receive the Committee of the forgotten by anyone who heard it. under attack, and any one of which League of Nations and hear from

In the course of his oration, he or all of them together the power it a report.

paid a tribute to Bolivia that attacked could have crushed as a The Chamber was again ablaze brought Dr. Rojas again to his feet fly. The American delegate further with brilliant lights, the "movies"

in an appreciative reply. observed that a hundred years ago and "talkies"were there, the camThe occasion brought the reprethat day would have meant war. (Continued on page 437)

.

Reminiscences

o 1 CHARLES W. NIBLEY

A man who has risen above the crowd y attained success in many lines and yet has remained true to all the best in his own idealism has many lessons to teach others. Such a man

was Charles W. Nibley, late counselor to President Heber J

CHARLES NIBLEY THEY WEREINWOVENHIS FIRSTBY HISSUITMOTHEROF CLOTHES. Grant; and such lessons are woven into the memoirs left by

him at his death in December, 1931. No member of the

FORever severalI have yearstold mypastchildrenwhenlovingChurch serviceto whichcouldPresidentfail Nibleyto enjoygave thesuch autobiographicalgreat measure of incidents of my childhood or glimpses of the boy who was later to be the man. It is imearly life, which seemed interesting

to them, they have often requested possible to publish the entire work y much of which was written that I write them down that they primarily for his family, but permission to print the section

I have depreserve them. might for covering early years and those at Wellsville has been given, chiefly this, in doing layed long

the reason that there is so little to and it is with grateful pride that this magazine presents to its record that, to me, seems worth readers excerpts from the journal of a great man.—Eds.

preserving. Yet to the children

and their children after them, there is nothing more interesting than rather tall and raw boned, promiding quietly along. He was conthe incidents of years long gone by. nent nose and high cheek bones. tent with little and never aspired

I was born in the little coal minHis eyes were of pure blue. I to have much or to be much of

ing village of Hunterfield, some should say he was about five feet anything—a quiet, Godfearing,

eight'miles south of Edinburgh, ten inches tall and would weigh hard working, inoffensive man.

Scotland, on the fifth day of Febabout 165 pounds. He walked I have diligently searched for all

ruary, 1849. with a certain stoop or bend from the direct line ancestry of the NibMy father's name was James the lower part of the back, not leys, and have not been very sucNibley. He was born near Hunterround shouldered at all, but bent in cessful in finding many of them

field about the year 1810, but he that way. This, I suppose, in in the Scotch records. However,

himself did not know the exact consequence of bending so much all that I have found I have had day of his birth. Of my father's while he was at work in the coal the work done for in the temple,

family I know but little. He came mines. His hair was dark brown yet there must be many more whose

from an old Scotch family whose and very curly. names will doubtless be recovered

genealogy is traced in the EdinOf education he had not at all. in years to come, and I hope my

burgh records for two or three hunCould read a little and write imchildren will see to it that the temdred years back. They were perfectly but he had a vein of huple work is done for all relatives

farmers or what the Scotch called mor and dry Scotch wit, keen and not yet discovered.

"portamers"which in some way incisive, almost sarcastic at times pertained to the land. Whether and yet delivered in such a droll 7W[Y mother was born in the

this implied an interest in the land way,- not intended to be sarcastic neighborhood of Musseburgh

I do not know but they were farmat all, but which sometimes cut like on the 18th of June, 1815. Her

ers in the neighborhood of Ephin- a twoedged sword. He was a maiden name was Jean Wilson.

stone, Scotland, for generations plodder at his work. Was what Her mother was a Chalmers. My

back. My father, himself, was a the Scotch call a "cannymon": inmother was different from my

coal miner and had been one for offensive, quiet, unobtrusive anyfather in that she was all energy years before I was born. He was where, but a constant worker, plodand push and never seemed to tire

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934 3-97

of working and scheming to get on but could not feel entirely satisfied Consequently she was full of anxin the world. Withal she had pure with that religion. She, therefore, iety to get the matter properly preScotch thrift and prudence and joined the Baptists as being more sented to him. So when he would

could save a little money where nearly to her way of thinking but come home from his work in the most other people would almost still there was an unsatisfied somemines while he was bathing, which starve. She was the manager of thing in her soul and she afterconsisted in merely washing the

the family. She had a very strong wards quit the Baptist Church and main part of the body, including

constitution, well built, though connected herself with the Congrethe face and head, in a tub of water, gational Society. She attended this she would read these tracts to him not tall—built for work, and she

did work all the days of her life. meeting on the green, stood and and make such observations conAs a girl, I have heard her tell that listened to Elder McEwan's sercerning them in such a way as to

she worked in the coal mines before mon and drank it all in as though try and catch him. To her joy

the law prohibited women from it were living water which was and somewhat surprise also, she doing that class of work. She, springing up unto everlasting life. heard him say one evening when

with other women or girls, would In fact she declared many a time she asked "What do you think of carry coal on their backs in baskets and oft that for the first time in all this,"he answered, "Aye, but or "creels"as they called them, all her life her soul was satisfied it is true."So the next Sunday

from down in the pit up an incline and she was converted, thoroughly when Elder McEwan came back to the pit head. It is inconceivable converted by that first sermon. they were both ready for baptism

to us at this day to think of a After the meeting was over she and were accordingly baptized.

woman being permitted or obliged went directly to Elder McEwan Speaking of my father's Scotch to do that kind of work, but the and asked to be baptized. It all faculty of not being able to change

world has moved on rapidly since seemed so plain and simple to her, his mind, I have heard my mother those days. My mother had the plan that he had outlined, that tell that when he was a little boy

brown eyes, brown hair, although without hesitating a moment she he had been scolded for doing someshe was gray at a very early age. wished to become a member of the thing or other and would be let off

She was more of a religious temChurch by baptism. He asked her easy if he would only promise not

perament than my father, although if she had heard of the Mormon to do it again. But he made up his

he had a vein of true piety running people and if she had read any of mind that he would not promise.

through him, but not of the strong their works. She answered that The man who was offended at him

Presbyterian type. she had never once heard of them for something and trying to extract

Life was a serious thing with until that day where she stood this promise from him, after much her, an almost desperate thing, in through the meeting holding her coaxing and laboring with him which she had no time for levity baby, Margaret, who was about a finally took him by the heels and or play, but only for work and for year old, in her arms during the threatened to throw him down an prayers and other religious activentire meeting. He stated that he old pit that was close at hand, perities. She was denied the consolathought it would not be wise for haps many hundred feet deep. The

tion of even knowing a tune, could her to be baptized just then but man actually took him and held not even hum snatches of tunes as that he would leave some of his him by the heels, his head down she rocked her children to sleep; tracts with her and she could read in the pit and told him, "Now I'll

never could in all her life tell one them over and study the subject drop you down unless you promise tune from another, while on the carefully and pray about it also. you will never do it again."But

other hand my father was fond of He stated that if she was of the he never would make the promise, music and song. But for sagacity same opinion when he came back even though he were dropped to

and thrift my mother was the the next Sabbath he would baptize his death. So knowing his disposavior of the family. It was a her. She was disappointed in besition in this respect she was more

stern, hard life they had to live ing put off in this way. She wantthan overjoyed when she heard him

one of unremitting toil and penury ed to be baptized then and there give his assent to the truthfulness but they struggled on never falterand stated after, that she felt a of Mormonism.

ing and made the best of it. dread to think that if she should My parents had been members

It was in the spring of the year die before the next Sunday and had of the Church just about five years 1 844 when they had three children, not received baptism she would when I was born. My father was

Mary, James and Margaret, that surely be lost. then president of the branch in that

an elder of the Church of Jesus village and the meetings of the

Christ of Latterday Saints, Henry QURING the week she read the branch were held in our house. I

McEwan by name, (the father of tracts and was more and more have heard my mother say that I the numerous McEwans who live convinced and converted to the was a very puny and sickly child in Salt Lake City and Provo at truth of the message that the elder with little vitality and that she this time, 1912), came to Hunterdelivered. She was so anxious that scarcely expected that I would pull

field to deliver his message of glad my father might join in her way through and live. Indeed I have

tidings. He preached on the green of thinking and receive the Gospel heard her tell that when I was

near the little house that my partoo, and yet she was fearful that he about two years of age my life was ents lived in, a house by the way might say no and take stand against despaired of entirely and she had which most of my children have it, that she hardly knew how the grave clothes made already that been over to see and take photostealthily or cunningly to lay the in case I should die, they were ready graphs of because I was born in it matter before him, for she said, if for burial; to such an extent did

five years after 1 844. My mother he did say no, she knew no power this Scotch thrift show itself forth.

had been brought up a Presbyterian would ever be able to turn him. (Cont'nued on page 43 7)

By EDNA W. SLOANOne

Saturday

big i WAS all gooseflesh round together every April. But ple had congregated on our two

and shivering as I sat on the railing the spring cleaning was the life of porches. Among them and towerat the west end of our broad porch the party and just had to be over ing above the rest were twelve

and watched the sun peep out from before Conference began, or so Ma large Indian Chiefs with their blanbehind rolling, black clouds. Why said and Ma knew, being the kets drawn tightly around their

would that sun begrudge me a little Emily Post of the period and not bodies—looking as straight and

heat? Why wouldn't he look me guilty of any social errors like not stately as the poplars at the south

in the face instead of flirting with being ready. And this was the last end of the lot.

me in that coquettish exasperating day before Conference. My mother The Indians loved my father for

way? It had stopped raining now had been up since daylight. She his square dealing and big gentlebut was cold and wet. Inside, the had spent the morning playing hop ness of heart. Evidently, father

stoves had all been taken down scotch over her own and other had been abroad today and had and relegated to the attic for the people's children, making a desinvited every one he met on the summer. The house for the last perate effort to get through in time street without regard to sex, age,

week had looked like the breaking to take me to the Warm Springs sanity, profession, or strength of up of winter. All the morning I where we all went on Saturday to marriage ties, to come and have

had belonged to a picked division be parboiled for Sunday whether dinner with us. He was now

of Storm Troopers detailed to stuff we needed it or not. shaking hands with them all and

gunny sacks up the chimneys of inviting them to stay all night.

the grate fire places and scrape New Brother arnold

York gum from under window with his hack and horses had been INSIDE, the house was sills and chair seats, stuck there by busy all day dashing up to the bulging with salt risin'bread, the girls both far and near. Springs (I say dashing, though'black currant pies, feather beds and

Seventeen threeply carpets had Brother Arnold's hack was by no country cousins. Everything

been taken up and beaten, one after means a Roman Chariot for speed) seemed to be ready, everything the other on the clothes line, turned with other members of Father's scrubbed right down to the last fly under the door I speck. open holey side side Throughbright sleepily up and was now family—and a languishing was mother mother in (wherethe sofa for Street our heard my sure waiting on Main it would never show but it always contingent. But I knew Ma voice saying, "Yes—we are colddid), and tacked down again over would never be through before the and a bit crowded—we have not

freshsmelling straw. I loved hack would be taken to the barn much comfort today, but thank

house cleaning time because when and -I saw my chance for purificathe good Lord we are clean."

the huge bookcases and chest of tion dwindling into the twilight Then, I was suddenly seized by the drawers were pushed out from the and the new stationery tubs which hand and dragged in little jerks off walls I could always find my china had just been placed in the washto the wash house. My sister, dedoll's foot or a button off Ann's house and had drain pipes but no tailed to bathe me, had been huntcharm string, or one of my crystal taps. The water had to be carried ing me for an hour. She had saljacks, or some other lost treasure from the pump near Aunt Louisa's vaged an Indian papoose from the

which had been buried there in a back porch and heated in a big dampness of the wickiup and now foot of dust for a whole year. I kettle hung in the fire place. had the delicate and wonderful inloved Conference time, too, which Some Indian squaws had set up tention of giving her a warm bath.

always followed right on the heels their tepee in the back yard and She had wanted to put me in first, of spring housecleaning. It was now I could see they were lighting so I could have clean water, but

fun to sleep there in a bed on the a bonfire. There was such a crowd now she was so cross because she

parlor floor and swipe salt pickles huddled around it that I knew I couldn't find me, that she put me out of a great jar in the cellar with had no chance for a ringside seat, and the wellbaked dirty little

Liz and Mattie Wilson. but I decided to go down, anyway. papoose in together. But she

Ma said it was funny how spring So I climbed over the railing, slid washed me first and let me jump housecleaning, a cold spring tordown the kitchen roof and ran out; I was to dry myself, while rent, and Conference always manacross the yard. Around the corner she did the papoose-—-but just then aged to hit the trail at the same of the house I could see that all the—something happened. There

itime and had a yearly merrygo- nations, kindred, tongues and peo- (Continued on page 446).

GLASSES 399 What do they mean From the Medical Staff and Health Service 7

Brigham Younq University

Eyes are precious organs priceless in their value tion in that it favors the occurrence of -glaucoma, a disease which anto the individual. How carefully we should guard nually destroys vision in hundreds them and bring to their aid—when they need it—of eyes. There is also a tendency

helps which science has discovered for them. Head forceedingthisgenerationstrouble toofoccura givenin famsuc-

this instructive article by an expert upon whom you ily. Where such is the case, it is

to for more one or uncommon may rely. not

as develop maligwhat is known nant myopia, a progressive disease resultingin blindness, where unEYEGLASSES, at first called glasses upon the eyes of those who cared for. Excessive reading, espeintel- otherwise them. wear Even to are said spectacles, have cially of conditions under if done such fall into often ligent people the during invented been lighting, to bring poor myopia may penalsuffer consequent error, and In 1482 Century.Thirteenth children eyes were growing whose

there were at Nuremberg skilled ties in lessened vision. otherwise normal.

spectacle makers. The combinaStudies in human anatomy and

that huhave physiology shown first clumsy, at weretions produced to nearsightedness tends ALL least at to are subject eyes two man little to wear; and thingsawkward unprogressively worse, grow to in shape, have variations which until evident wasimprovement it is less corrected properly kept by ability to influencing our with do Century, in the Nineteenthearly this corglasses. with Along is see. eyeball shorter the In some were frames lighter metalwhen also rection, observe should one backbefore normal, from than replace the cumbrous tointroduced rules eye certain of hyimportant a results condition in ward, which tortoiseshell mountings. orhorn are: giene. these Chief among hyperopia. called farsightedness or is to said have FranklinBenjamin 1 lying read This down. Never are at birth babies somewhat Most lens, because bifocal theinvented strain, tends additional imposes and is farsighted, the condition not but life a his burden fromhe found stretch eyeballs the to more. as subsides extreme, and normally he matter that, factthe no what

wanted to look at, he always had the child approaches its teens. In 2. Never read in poor light.

the wrong pair of glasses on! Toothers the eyeball is elongated from 3. Do as little close workday, the making of eyeglasses is before backward, giving nearreading, etc.—as can consistently

both a science and an art—a prosightedness or myopia, because of be managed. Boys and girls who

fession in which marvels are which the person, while able to see are nearsighted should not be perachieved to bless mankind with close things well, perceives distant mitted to enter the study of law, more perfect and lifelong vision. objects only dimly. of medicine, or of other professions

Many laymen are afflicted by Marked nearsightedness, or where long hours of close work are curious ideas regarding effects of "long eyeball,"is a serious condidemanded. (Continued on page 444)

T MORMONS and the

Photo by W. P. Cottam.

HAT have the mountains "What have the mountains done for the done for the Mormons? Mormons?"asks Vesta Pierce Crawford, a Has the destiny of the

Church been magnified by the geonative daughter of these valleys. You maygraphical location of Utah? Any not agree with her or—again—you may. We

theory of social causation must take into account the effect of environthink you will like the article.

ment upon the accomplishments of

fever "took"in allusions to the building up ofdeterminism—thesociety. We call directthis geographicand eviWest!"But once the

dent relationship between the acthere was no stopping it. In NauZion in the everlasting hills, and

tions of man and his surroundings. voo, when another exodus became Joseph Smith had said that "the

The rigorous climate of the imminent, literature describing the Saints would continue to suffer

Northland carved the mental and "savage lands"was the town's best much affliction and would be driven physical characteristics of the Scanselling commodity. Newsboys to the Rocky Mountains."The

dinavians, and the bleak hills of ran the length of Main Street triProphet gave specific instructions

Palestine are sharply etched in the umphantly waving ragged pamfor outfitting an exploring party religious philosophy of the Hephlets, and any voyager who had which he intended to send into the brews. The settlement of the sailed the muddy Missouri or fordWest:

Mormons in Utah is the story of ed the Platte was given free "board "Send twentyfive men. Let them preach

a people who changed the face of and keep"at the Mansion House. the gospel wherever they go. Let that man

the desert, but in the process were The insistent voice of the forties go that can raise five hundred dollars, a themselves molded by the land. was a virus so potent that agriculandgooda horsebridle, anda paira muleof revolving* * * pistols,a saddlea

For the Mormons there was a tural Nauvoo became within a few bowie knife and a good sabre. Appoint

peculiar significance in the lure of weeks one vast wagon factory. a leader and let him beat up for volunteers.

the West. It was a fate forced Mormon leaders had many times I want every man that goes to be a king

a priest. gets he to the and mounWhen referredupon them to be to up away. and a Promised where Land tains he talk to his with may want God."gradually, first atOnly Israel"and a rich find from might "Modern

necessity, did they become afflicted inheritance. It was remembered rPHAT expedition was never aswith the fever of the age—"Go that the Old Testament abounds sembled, but the prophecy came

P. By VESTA CRAWFORD

MOUNTAINS true, and for twentytwo years portant since it formed the basis of nature for a scattered population long trains of wagons creaked an attitude that directed the destiny engaged primarily in stock raising, steadily over the plains. The of the Church. the closely knit community life of

travelers came with high hearted There has been much speculation the Mormons could not have deadventure, yet they came as Pilregarding the particular part of the veloped as it has done in Utah.

grims, too, who marched to fulfill West chosen by the Latterday The soil and contour of the land a foretold destiny. No doubt there Saint. Samuel Brannan, who in determine the type of farming and

was unavoidable mirth when an 1846 sailed around the Horn to hence the order of family and comEnglish weaver was asked to drive the Golden Gate, later rode horsemunity life. The Utah village,

six wild oxen propelling a lumback over the Sierras and the Newith its clustered homes and surbering wagon over the mountains. vada Desert to tell Brigham Young rounding fields was an ideal situAnd what is there of starker tragedy the glories of California. But ation for the growth of a well disthan the fate of the handcart comparticularly after the discovery of ciplined family and an integrated

panies who trudged that long way gold at Sutter's Fort, the Morsocial life.

singing: "For Israel must be gathmons realized that the Pacific What if the Mormons had travered soon and oxen are too slow?"Coast, with its rapidly increasing eled southward and cultivated the

The events of the westward trek and diverse population, was not rich valleys of Colorado? There

and the prophecies of a home in the place for them. Their leader they would have been too near the

the mountains were preparatory had referred the people to Isaiah, highway of the plains. Dissimistages to life in the valley. One wherein it is said: "I will make a larity is attendant upon remoteness,

pioneer upon his arrival in Utah man more precious than fine gold; and the Mormon social order, in

remarked that he was in a mood even a man than the golden wedge its early stages, could better expand for loving any "footstool"that of Ophir."without the influence, or even the

meant a stopping place after his What would have happened to example, of "Gentiles"in their long walk from the Missouri River. the Mormons if they had gone by midst. A student of geography

The Mormons were prepared to a more northward route and settled has remarked that the location of love the new land, no matter what in the cattle country of Montana? MONUMENT VALLEY

its promise, and that is most imObviously, in a land designated by Photo by W. P. Cottam.

Hfifc * IS*7 - 'tH 402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934

Photrt by W. P. Cottam,

DANCING IN THE WOODS in the face of long continued outone of our southern towns once side pressure. When an evergreen summarized this inner concord:

South Pass in the Wyoming tree has attained its time of strength "It's amazing how much music

Rockies not only determined to a it no longer needs the aspen shade. comes out of the desert. Our orlarge extent the order of the deBut protection is good for young ganist touches the chords of the

velopment of the West but qualigrowth. hills and I beat out the rhythm of

fied and enlarged the destiny of This sense of security was in the mountains. It takes a mixture

the Mormons. The Rockies are no small measure due to the physof Dutch and Danish, Swedish and

young mountains, geologically ical structure of the Wasatch Range Norwegian, German and English is lofty skylinespeaking. music. of a real surge Their voices to make Valley, covelike Salt Lake

it few.—the passes are can't andand irregular house hold The meeting sides, the with mountains on three

Theirs is a bold front and they are protecting peaks, receiving the all. You ought to hear my

true barriers. It might be added brunt of wind and storm. The 'mixed'choir sing 'Thou hast

that the position of the Wasatch prairie dweller, looking out over (Continued on page 445) also determinedcanyons sees far which level a flat horizon, to land MOUNTAIN LAKE to be settled wereUtah valleys is unobstructed, his because view first. and yet he has such an intense realiit life's that immensities of zation

established, then, what("">NCE is feel difficult indifor to him effect the of the mountains was people, safety. valley vidual But

first the In theupon Mormons? mountains, high surrounded by

refirstplace, the doubt and no a security shutof the unique know security, ofaction, sense a of was in. place. walledin safety. It has been said

that "rugged country is the friend The fringe of habitation folof a brave people defending their lowed the ranges of the Wasatch homeland from conquest. The and there were bonds of harmony

Greeks held the Persian hordes at in the compactly organized villages

Thermopolae because of the conwith their surrounding fields and tour of the terrain. The Chinese their roads stretching out to neighare now taking advantage of it in boring settlements. This physical

defending Jehol against the Japaspect of unity strengthened the anese aggressors."bonds of a common religion. In

the immigrant trains were men and accepted the ramMormons The races of different varyand women as a protectingparts the Rockies of culture. the ing were There Nausecurity the firstwall. This was Saints had become accusvoo who

It ever meantthey had known. greenness to the of the moist tomed

a period of respite from outside inMississippi Valley; there were eastterference, the importance of and ern converts from the coast of New ofthis factor in the development England; there were settlers froma coherent social order cannot be

overestimated. How could our the British Isles and the Dutch lowitWord of Wisdom, our ideas about lands. What a Tower of Babel

marriage and divorce, our law of would have been without the intithing, and the thought of the fluence of common religious ideals jfiHi

Church being of prime importance and the chain of mountains to hold in our lives; have developed so well the people close. A choir leader in

TERW

falls, SINGING down canyons and flashing down

Free and unhampered, dumb thrall to no duty,

Wooing sylph ferns, spraying mosscovered walls,

Its reason for being beneficent beauty.

Going, swift flowing, No rest ever knowing, Down to where sea or some deep river calls.

Out of rough mountains, away from pine tree,

Swift sweeping current of hurrying river,

Proving its worth now in utility,

Goes with great logs to some mill to deliver;

Wending, wide bending, Its cool waters blending At last with tossed waves of blue shipbearing sea.

Hoarded in ditches to moisten parched land,

Carefully tended with hopes high and eager,

Seeping so swiftly through thirstbitten sand,

Tinging vast desert with greenness so meager!

Turning sands burning And long moisture yearning At length into gardens as hopeful hearts planned.

Water the plentiful, gift so benign,

H. Robing the bare earth in fruitfulness, beauty;

Roesner Singing sea songs in high hills with the pine, Then sweeping far plainward on mission of duty.

Glory threads story From times famed and hoary, A blessing to mankind that's truly divine.

The KINGDOM "Where is the Kingdom of God and how do we was "within her,"to use New

Testament terminology.

enter?"That is a question which we all have asked

truly socialized group and which Judge Jensen, out of the store of his wisdom, pVERY makes answer. thesefurnishessimple basicexemplificationprinciples. ofA

young man was debating with himself about entering college. While

individual aspects, the and still his in merging into two undecided mind the he was was justnLICE enAlice's personal institutional. visited step he important the about was comShe her teens.

mencing to feel the new injoyment in the game was an indi- a university. He found a chum

ner surging urge to dance and play. vidual affair. It was something performing some interesting experiassociation with her. within Her so enstudent ments. was The initiated been yet not she hadBut possible her the group made which truth of pursuit his eager in grossed girls and boys of group theinto

It external. was inner joy was his to oblivious almost that he was the playing on gleefully werewho the entered group institutional. She youth wavering surroundings. The evening. summer radiant thislawn one initiation. a of kind The sent by that zest the noticed joyous looked little apart and a stoodShe for group the speak could facts. pursuit in of friend who his new of swirl rhythmic at thewistfully

inthe accepted her. invited She feel inner the to commenced He boys. girls andthe other lawfully thus she was and Before real student. the of urge leader vitation the a After few moments inlegal this inducted. Without the he had selected campus be left gleefully, called group theof

"Come on Alice!"The invitation his course and was registered. In

stimulated Alice's eagerness. With a few days he became completely

a slight touch of diffidence she acengrossed in the exalting pursuit cepted the invitation. For a little of knowledge. This spirit drove

while she played rather mechanhim irresistibly onward in the purically. But in the zestful swing of suit of knowledge and skill.

the game, set to merry laughter, When he registered he was lawher heart commenced to beat faster. fully inducted into the realm of the

Soon the exhilarating spirit of the kingdom of learning. When the

group took complete possession of real spirit of truthseeking took her; and she lost her self -consciouspossession of him and completely

ness and became utterly oblivious dominated his aspirations the kingto everything but the intoxicating dom of learning was "within him."

joy of the game. This young man's experience in

As the game increased in inentering the "realm"of truthtensity Alice's heart danced in seeking reveals the same basic eleunison with the rhythm of the ments of a harmonious social strucplayful group. Her spirit was ture as found in a group of children

stirred into perfect rapport with at play. He was initiated. He

everyone regardless of his or her became a part of an organization.

apparel, size, looks, or peculiar He came into rapport with this mannerisms. In the thrilling swirl unified group.

she recognized no outward marks of Coordinated play in perfect rapdistinction that set apart any of the port with other children is the children as preferable to the others. child's "Kingdom of Heaven."

In fact she was in perfect harmony THE INVITATION STIMULATED And it is an infinitely beautiful with every one in the group. ALICE'S EAGERNESS. WITH A kingdom. Coordinated study in

SHE OF DIFFIDENCE TOUCH other association with harmonious inSLIGHT commonplace very It is a

INVITATION. ACCEPTED THE student's students is the "Kingdom all simple things like cident. But

it gives us an infallible clue to the of Heaven."And in its finest asdeepest things of life. The story duction she would not have felt at pects, it is not far from the real

portrays a unified society in the home. She entered the outward or heavenly realm of which the Master

miniature. In it are all the basic institutional kingdom of play when had so much to say.

elements of an organized group of she was initiated. She entered the This play incident and the

actual kingdom of play when the school incident reveal by analogy sentient beings—organization, government and unity of spirit and enlivened spirit of play was awaksomething of the profound meanpurpose. In a way these children ened within her. Moreover, when ing of the Christian concept of a

at play constitute a distinct realm, her heart commenced to beat in perperfect social order. A story from

of play. fect unison with the playspirit of real spiritual life will furnish the a kingdom—the kingdom

This little kingdom of play has the group, the kingdom of play additional explanation.

By NEPHI JENSEN

she came into peaceful joyous harmony with God.

Her deep spiritual awakening was not wholly unlike the thrill of unified play. The essentialo pleasure of play comes from harGOD monious joyous action. But Ruby's

thrill was spiritual. It came from

the consciousness that she had come into perfect sympathetic accord with the One who is infinitely beautiful, good and true. This

inner serene sense of perfect loving harmony with the Father of All is what the Master calls the "Kingdom of Heaven within you."

Ruby had been initiated into the institutional Kingdom of God when eight years of age, by the sacred ordinance of baptism, administered by one who had been duly ordained to act for the King.

Now, through her spiritual awakening, she had become alive to the joys and glories of the heavenly kingdom. So she had no difficulty

in speaking to the little group of

Saints, neighbors and friends who gathered that evening about the

OF LEADER THE A AFTER FEW MOMENTS THE T JPON their arrival at the home hearthstone; for her newly awakenALICE!"ON GLEEFULLY, "COME CALLED GROUP

at which the meeting was to ed sense of the reality of God and

Some years ago a young girl be held, the two were shown to an His loving kindnesj had given her from Western Canada was appointupper room for the night. Shortly the deep feeling that she was kin

ed to do missionary work in the afterward Ruby's companion went to all His children. With the purest

Canadian Mission. Her first name down stairs and left Ruby alone delight she fraternized with and

was Ruby. And the name conwith her distracting thoughts. In spoke to those with whom she now

noted her character. She was a her desperation she fell upon her felt so intimately related. There

real gem. She had been reared in knees at the bedside and wept and was in her first simple, fervent ser-

a fine Latterday Saint home; but prayed. In girlish simplicity and mon the spontaneous joynotes of

she had never had any real profaith she pleaded for a knowledge the birdsong.

found experience with spiritual of the divinity of her religion.

realities before going on her misWhile she prayed a spirit of peace, CUCH a person is not kept out sion. joy, power and glory took posof the harmonious realm by any

Some months after her arrival session of her. She arose to her geographical barrier or racial difin the missionary field, she and her feet with a perfect assurance in her ferences. Nor is he shut out by the

girl companion were appointed to heart that her spirit had touched edict of anyone within the kinghold a cottage meeting. The two the Spirit of God. dom. He shuts himself out. His

took an interurban train for the It was the deepest, sweetest and every thought, aspiration and enplace of the fireside service. On truest experience of her life. Tears deavor takes him further and

the way Ruby became anxious of joy were glistening on her cheeks further from that perfected society about what she should say at when her companion returned. in which all the members find their

the meeting. It was to be her "I know that you know Morchief joy in sharing their joys with

first attempt at the delicate art monism is true,"said the companothers.

of preaching. As the train sped ion fervently as she took Ruby in A lovegoverned kingdom of

on its way she commenced to her arms. this kind, "is not of this world,"

soliloquize: "What can I say? I That night Ruby found the real as the Savior affirmed. The kingdon't know whether my religion meaning of Paul's profound condoms of this world are built up by

is true or not."It was a very disclusion, "The Kingdom of God greed and aggression and forceful

quieting thought, and she was quite is righteousness, peace and joy in subjugation of others. The kingdistressed about it. When she the Holy Ghost."Through the dom of Christ is fostered by loving

reached her destination she was Holy Ghost, which is the witness service and consecrated selfsacrifice.

really blue. for God and His son Jesus Christ, (Continued on gage 440)

THE OLD PAPER MILL By RACHEL G. TAYLOR

were hen RAGS

paper used in of the January ofTHEa singleamountcopy 3, 1934, issue of the DeseretNews would have been sufficient to PRECIOUS print your grandfather's copy for Modem -process and modone was year, if hean entire NEWS. of the DESERET 30, 1850. ern transportation have made subscribers 1850. in Thereoriginal SATURDAY, NOVEMBER

the for reasons one thanare extremely paper more an common

!!!!!! RAGS RAGS RAGS issues, but sizedifference the in of use. article have in every rags, body of daily Deseret your Save We discuss article but will onethis

; old covers, rags wagon your save plates, cups, paper patents, paperpaper. for are paper. shirts, wanted quilts, &c, &c,

In these days paper is plentiful. The most efficient measures are in progress per dresses; paper everything!

doorsIt and under our is pushed in operation mill the paper coming to put a valley, andinto will In pioneer times paper was this wade rags all your our mailboxes. in season, We

through page upon page of our be wanted. Make your woollen rags into precious because, like nails,

daily and weekly newspaper in the carpeting, aDd save importation. it was extremely scarce. In

hope of getting items of real interest bogged down in surplus paThe Mail, having passed through snow this article you will find the per. One of the expenses of a city is from one to three feet in depth, for 17 days, story of an early Utah paper

bringing arrived the 9th inst., copy on a along paidwages go to men who of and of the men and women incorporating Territory of the Utah, the Actits clear streets of keep and them

waste paper. as certified by Dr. Bernhisel, which we give who had part in its production.

entire to in paper. day's different 15, June on when How

latest the advices from Washington At our first the Deseret of the copy1850, officers the of not "Territory"been had a It printed! was wasNews tablishment of a paper mill. But it nominated, but ofour was thought by some

weekly paper of 8 pages, the sheets friends that Prest. Fillmore was favorably making paper meant a supply of

being 7 by 10 inches (a little inclined towards individuals now livisg in rags from which to make it, as smaller than this sheet). To print Deseret, for the greater portion of the offimanufacture from wood pulp in

a paper at all was an ambitious uncers of Utah. those days was out of the question.

dertaking when paper made in the j Strong exertions were made by our Agents This necessity was a blessing in jat infor the Washington of Deaeret name via the toEast paper to strong had come Rags Utah make

i stead mail of Utah, avail. but with no Thia still test ofMississippi over that the River thence stands and—paperdisguise. j confirmed the the Brigtruth of that rumor plains, time.the California or ship to by

has to Young the ham appointed take been I for desert. across for rags the appeal thenand The first

t, of Census to also Desert an appointment |

Before the year 1850 closed, j Willard Richards as Post Master for Salt papermaking purposes appeared in plans were being made for the es-''Lake City, Utah Ter the Deseret News, November 30,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934 407

1850, as evidenced by the accomof the News of Thursday, January panying clipping. 12, 1854:

The following year an appeal "DESERET PAPER MILLS.

was made in an open letter address- "His Excellency the Governor, ed: having granted the use of the north-

"TO THE PUBLIC: east corner of the Public Work

'The subscribers would respectShop for manufacturing paper, we fully advertise to the citizens of the lllllllt.... ': the undersigned, solicit the citizens

Great Salt Lake and the territory of Utah Territory to send all kinds of Utah, that they are fitting up of rags and waste paper of all deand preparing for the manufacture scriptions, to the Tithing Office imof all kinds of paper in the vicinity mediately, as we are anxious to be of Big Cottonwood; we would in operation so as to have a sheet

therefore solicit the Bishops of each of homemade paper ready for presward respectively, traveling and entation at the April Conference.

presiding elders, to spare no pains 'Thomas Hollis.

in spreading this intelligence that "Thomas Howard."

we intend to be ready to commence "RAGS! RAGS! RAGS Illour operation in the manufacture Save your rags!

of all kinds of paper by the first of GEORGE GODDARD "Look at the above and be wise.

July next. We therefore solicit all Bring your rags to the Tithing

the citizens of the territory of Utah as smooth consistency as possible. Office."(Ed.)

to save all materials for the manuWhen the cooking process was over, This item is also of interest and facturing of same; namely all kinds the pulp was run out over screens is from the Deseret News, Thursof ropes made of hemp, or flax, old and the surplus water drained day, June 8, 1854.

paper hangings, or waste paper of away, leaving the paper. This "In advertising for paper rags in

all descriptions, and rags of all must be flattened by hand or by our last number, we omitted to colors, of every name and denomirollers. mention that it is not necessary to

nation, either cotton, linen or Without proper bleaching mawash or sort them, as that will be woolen, for which we will pay the terials, the paper produced, while done at the factory. We also wish

highest market price, according to strong, was coarse in texture and the Bishops in the several wards their respective denomination, and dull gray in color. The difficulties throughout the territory to urge the

to facilitate the gathering of the of succeeding years in obtaining people to gather and send on their materials for the paper we would materials and using the materials cotton and linen rags, colored or recommend that each individual deobtained is best told in the columns uncoloved, washed or unwashed, posit their rags with the Bishas this is the only chance of getops of their respective wards, ting paper for the News until taking a receipt of the amount next fall."

received, designating the deThat the paper makers had scription, keeping a record of difficulty obtaining sufficient the same, and forward the same rags is indicated by this notice to the general Tithing Office in in the Deseret News, ThursGreat Salt Lake City, which day, July 6, 18547 received to be Tithonamount or "TO OUR READERS. paper paid in being, or to

any other thing that we may "We are compelled to come sheet, again out in a half much for paper.exchange HOMES OF THE it to chagrin, than our more Contractor, Roberts, "Sidney

sufficiently be to yours can; but ManufacHoward, "Thomas

all parties. to unpleasant As turer."PIONEERS stating the of a few most difbreast, prairie's the of sod on SHANTY rethe rags obstacles, ficult preventAPPARENTLY which

clears,. forest logs the where of A cabin A justify ceived did imnot a furnished being our with wilderness, rude, in bare the shack A a for theporting machinery sheet, to retend whole pioneers. may are the of houses These

mill. However, President move them, we will frankly do

floor scrubbed an earnest rough by A includedBrigham first broom, so. place, the In notwithYoung

shade, coarse muslin window brown A alongpapermaking with notices, the standing published flue. oil coal a shining with lamp the A articles manufacmany other rags said, paper have and all we old, old, a table on made Book An

tured in the Public Works come in very slow. Again, our

Shop. With simple tools, a woven rug, paper makers cannot use the

little quilt, a flower patchwork A the machinery, Without at present colored rags through sill, cradle's a swing, window rags On sorted, then washed,were material for bleaching, lack of wait, soul that can cower, cannot but Athe ground to pieces between and lack of skill to make the love, faith, brave a and man's woman'sstones. added Water to A was still further material. And

nears, bit night as the time prayer of A thick pulp which wasmake a yet does Brother not Gaunt toil,- soft threaded song through weary A vats. large forboiled in hours felting furnish the which new pioneers. the of the homes These makeThis pulp must be constantly—Clara Aiken Speer. was ordered long ago.

stirred and beaten to make it of (Continued on page 438)

theFLAGS of CONFEDERACY

successive designs for aTHREE national flag were adopted by the Confederate beCongress *tkiIt casJvtowfifee mistaken.d: the frstttm FbgS<U%.otwhessfcw*,having*> oo W!: 'i-.h-fore one evolved that met every was

Thi wascrucial requirement. in turn, Each, tte Buhner,jiJaricgttasa bar fowtbacrc*s orSaMmihtdaw:ittfe&racy.by Coflgrewhiit* la fcro*?iaxaft fewre4 <kj>9 r%tit the idealhad seemed one both ii

heraldically and symbolically, until subjected to the practical test of the battlefield, when the first two necessarily were abandoned because of their misleading visibility. THEADOPTEDLASTBY FLAGTHE

The first of these official flags CON FEDERATE was made from the following deCONGRESS

Metropolitansign: A blue union with a circle PhotoEngraving

of stars, and with longitudinal bars Richmond, Co.,Va.

of red and white instead of the

Stars and Stripes of the Union flag;

the white space through the center being the same width as the red Finally, on the fourth of March, into instant popularity immediately above and the red below the white 1865, only a few short weeks beafter its appearance and, within a bar; the union being a blue field fore the tragedy of Appomattox, a year, became the recognized emblem

extending down through the top third and last design was adopted. of the entire Confederate army and

red and white bars to the edge of The specifications for this flag was borne by all the troops the red bar below. were; That the width should be throughout the remainder of the

In the center of the blue field twothirds of the length, with the conflict. It was not intended, priwas a circle of white fivepointed union threefifths of the width of marily, for a national banner but

stars equal in number to the states the flag and so proportioned as to was created after the first battle of which had seceded. leave the length of the field on the Manassas for the use of the army

sector. in side that P. General the the twice of T. union G* width Beautiful flag, this though unit; field dethe of the the Beauregard of honor ground had belowdoubtedly, it was; and, though

flag, this square signing red, a to blue be which was broad withperfectly the embodied sentiment deference to the in in wishesSt. cross shape Andrew's wassaltier—or its theof South, abandonment was of Johnston. General thereon; cross E. the to Joseph bordered be

necessitated fact the that, by when its field, Its red; likewise bars was white with with emblazoned and

ithanging battlefield limp the on blue placed were stars, diagonwere fivepointed mullets, or white and easily mistaken the was Stars for field ally across the corner in the States to equal from of number

Stripes thus theand cause and was to corner a in the the of Greek Confederacy. the form Across opafterof such confusion that, the

cross. stars the bars posite were this a on end of banner The was

first Battle of Manassas, the both either corresor gold white and red bar, broad even added which forcesNorthern acSouthern and to those in the of ponded number its distinctiveness. to more Alcused another one using of an imiStates. Confederate bars blue The it see to destined though never wastation the of colors. opposing

field red separated the were from field, service flag is this in the now first fillet the Consequently, of on of white. by a narrow The

official their used as insignia the by official a flag flag, this second 1861, sizeMay, designated of the for was adopted by the Congress. Sons of Confederate Veterans. infantry, was 4x4 feet; for the

This design, also, proved disapartillery, 3x3 feet; and for the

pointing that, when hanging idly, A NOTHER design—not officialcavalry, 2x2 feet. its appearance was perilously like ly adopted, however—was the The first flags from this design

a flag of truce. famous battle flag which sprang were made by two Virginia belles,

By LUCIE A. FERGUSON

Flags are made of the very essence of -patriotic sentiof twelve stars with a thirteenth star, larger in size, in the center to ment. Woven into them are the heart beats of the people represent Virginia. It is supposed

whom they represent, therefore the making of a flag is no that thirteen, instead of eleven stars, the to represent two were usedeasy matter, and the preserving of a banner is one of the finest expected states that were doubtful tasks given to civilized man. The flag of the American to secede any day.

Confederacy was not quite fully born the cause for which it The first emblem of the Confederate Volunteers in the field was stood never quite materialized, but still much sentiment gath- a banner of solid blue bearing a ered, in a few strifetorn years, around "The Stars and Bars."single white star. It belonged to

the Texas Volunteers and was carried by the Wigfall Guards, comthe Misses Hettie and Constance of the Confederate warvessel, the manded by Ensign Duggan, to

Cary, who presented one each to Shenandoah, and was carried by whom Captain Howe, commandGeneral Johnston, General Beaurethat valiant ship to every ocean on ing "The Star of the West,"surgard and General Van Dorn. Genthe globe, encircling the earth in rendered his vessel with a large

eral Beauregard sent his flag to New what has been characterized as one cargo of foodstuffs, early in April,

Orleans, and—when that

it to Havana for safeThe pattern of this flag was: Two After so signal a victory, it is—he sent city fell of the masterly cruises of history. 1861.

keeping. At the close of the war, red stripes with a white stripe belittle wonder that the flag borne

it was returned to New Orleans tween; on a blue field was a circle by these brave Volunteers was imand was given into the mortalized in a song

custody of the Washcalled, "The Bonnie ington Artillery, of Blue Flag,"that swept that city. the South like prairie

It is interesting to fire and was second note, in this conneconly to "Dixie"as an tion, that Miss Coninspiration to the Boys stance Cary afterwards in Grey all through the became Mrs. Burton gruelling years of the

Harrison, and attained War between the distinction as a writer States. Though other

of fiction. flags bearing a single

Although the fastar were unfurled at mous battle flag was different times and in square in shape, there various states of the were many others that Confederacy, none ever were oblong and were attained so wide an made by loyal women appeal as that of the of the South who preLone Star Flag of sented them to comTexas. Indeed, the

panies in their own losentiment was quite calities. These, general at the begintoo, bear eloquent ning of the War in

testimony to the favor of a single star bravery of their flag as the official one defenders in their of the new Governblood-stained tatment; but this sentitered folds. ment never took definite form.QNE of the

most notable However, when Virstandards of the ginia seceded in April,

Confederacy was 1861, the flag that was flown from that known as the the dome of the Capitol, at RichJackson Flag. mond, was one of solid blue devoid

The original one of insignia, instead of the former was made by flag of the state.

Mrs. Libby Ann H...

fewer, still,Padgett, a skillful Southerners and pEW needlewoman, compatriots Northern of their for James Jackson, TOP: THE FIRSTFEDERATEFLAG CONGRESSADOPTED BY THE CONproprietor of the Marshall House CENTER: THE FAMOUS BATTLE FLAG, DESIGNED are aware that a Confederate Flag

P. G. BY GENERAL T. BEAUREGARD. repVirginia.at Alexandria, buildover a public A FLAG BOTTOM: THIS DISAPPOINTING once was flown PROVED

at thelica peak of it was flown ABANDONED. AND WAS (Continued on page 441

AN OXFORD GROUP IN CANADA

The Oxford Groups By C. FRANK STEELE at Close Range

rIEto AmericaOxford Groupersnot long cameago jovialfirst namesfolk. areTheyvery bearhuman,"witness"frank, Oxfordexample Groupwhere missionaryit did. Whenmeetingthe

and from New York to but do not debate. They are not was held in our city a Latterday

San Francisco and from Vancouver prudish yet I know of none who Saint stake president was invited to Quebec these evangelists in plushas not given up tobacco and to a place beside the clergy of other fours and dinner jackets spread liquor. They stand for the clean faiths, a dozen or more of them,

their new gospel in an earnest and life. There is no clergy in the the most friendly gesture that had

clergytime. that been Chrismade up to movement although many style. compellingoften And

is there are tian fellowship are Groupers; Dr. Buchno what they men for their "team"it indid a big way,

number forty or more, all happy, churches, no press agents, no periman and his zealous associates jaunty, enthusiastic envoys of the odicals; and only a few books, preach.

new way of life. notably "For Sinners Only,"by a

is a unique movement in This, in many respects, is the London journalist whose life was T'HIS most interesting new movement in changed, have been written of the many ways. Someone has

the religious world today. It is Groups and their plan for world called it "The Salvation Army in

not a new denomination but rather redemption. dress clothes."Certainly it is dis-

a new determination, as Dr. Frank One may be a Presbyterian, a tinctive. The missioners go about

Buchman, founder and leader of Baptist, a Roman Catholic, a Latin "teams."They describe their

the Groups, puts it. Life changing terday Saint and be an Oxford work as "jolly fun,"and propound

on a grand scale is the aim of these Grouper. This at least is what is it in the ballrooms of the best

missioners and by this means they claimed, for it is calculated to be hotels. Their "house parties"are

hope to change the world. It is a a great force for spiritual if not really testimony meetings and are

movement, not an organization. organic unity, breaking down devery frank and informal affairs,

Religion has been stripped of its nominational barriers and prejueven jovial but seemingly sincere formalism and stiffness. These dices. It stands for Christ rather and spontaneous. There is no

touring envoys who travel in Pullthan creed. sanction of the sensational or artimans and call each other by their Does it work? I can give one ficial; rather these Oxford Group

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934 41 I

people are intelligent, broadmind- won, the experiences in deeper, miral Sidney Drury Lowe, R. N.,

ed, normal men and women drawn richer spiritual life realized. C. M. G.; Dr. Cyrus MacMillan,

from a great many fields, often former moderator of the Presbygraduates of universities. I heard T-TOW is the Movement financed? terian Church in South Africa; Mr,

one critic call it an "emotional This is a common question. and Mrs. H. Kenaston TwitchelL

jag"but I saw nothing of this sort. To quote again Dr. Buchman: "It of Harvard and Oxford; "Jimmy"

Wesley and Booth carried their reis you not yours that we are after. Watt of Fife, Scotland, a coal miner

vivals to the poor of England; Voluntary donations are relied upand former secretary of the Young

Frank Buchman, Americanborn on largely although a number of Communist Movement in Scotfounder of this new revival, went the members of the "team"have land; Miss Eleanor Forde of

to Cambridge and Oxford and private means which they "share"Montreal, Americanborn but eduare reprethere it was that the movement very generously. No collections cated at McGill—these

gathered momentum. It, of course, are taken either at the meetings or sentative Oxford Groupers.

takes its name from Oxford Uniat the "house parties.""God has The founder of the Movement,

versity, although this is resented taken care of our needs thus far, Dr. Frank Buchman, was born in

by not a few Oxonians, though and He always will if we follow Pennsburg, Pennsylvania, in 1878, some of the missioners are Oxford His guidance,"said one Group of GermanSwiss parents. He qualmen. Today there are Groups in member. ified for the Lutheran ministry, but

a score or more countries meeting This Movement during the disagreeing with his church board from time to time as they became a free lance preachare "guided."he declares, In 1918, Here is the story of another "movement er. I have said, these in Kenswick, he England, As

Groupers have coined a American born, English bred, which mathad a deeply stirring relinew religious terminology. cates that men are seeking new and better gious experience and it was

For instance they "share"then and there that the in 'experiences and substance ways of fostering fellowship. This article, spiration of the Movement

i f necessary. They read in connection with that written by Dr. came to him. For some

"change"lives. They wait Beeley in this same issue, will undoubtedly years he was secretary of

for guidance and have? r.. the student Y. M. C. A.

their "quiet times,"periods e of interest. at Pennsylvania State Colwhen they commune with lege and became noted for

God. Moreover, a man who has stress period of the past three or his evangelical work on Amerbeen "changed"must make "restifour years has had a powerful apican college campuses. During

tution."Ageold conventionalipeal. Many notable men and the war, Dr. Buchman did Y.

ties have been passed over in stating women have become converts to it. M'. C. A. work in China and

their gospel. For instance, in the United States returning to the United States by

The "creed"of the Oxford it has won such men as Harvey way of Europe he paused at Cam

Group is simple. They believe in Firestone, the manufacturer; in bridge and there in 1920 was reallythe four Absolutes—absolute honCanada, T. P. Loblow, Toronto born the Movement, first called

esty, absolute purity, absolute unchain store magnate, was "The First Century Christian Felselfishness, absolute love. "It is "changed"and became an ardent lowship"or "Buchmanism,"and

that 'absolute'point that gets one,"worker. However, his influence later the Oxford Group Movement,

said a convert. "There must be no was soon lost to the Groups, for It is perhaps too early to evaluate

hedging, no sidestepping. One he died in April last. ViceAd- the Movement or even to place itmust be true. And such a type of No one can object to its four abliving would change the world."solutes: honesty, purity, unselfishThose whose lives have been ness and love. Elder Melvin J. Bal-

"changed"testify that God speaks lard, of the Council of the Twelve to them in their daily "quiet Apostles, has pointed out that the times."They hold that the comLatter-day Saints have always

mon idea of prayer is incorrect, that stressed these moral teachings and it does not go far enough. It is the rigid living of them. Some of

not enough to ask; we must give the other features of the Movement

God an opportunity to answer, may not be so acceptable. Howwhich He will if we have rid ourever, that the Oxford Group Moveselves of sin and sham and indifment is significant of the times is

itference. puts Dr. Buchman for this obviously reaching out true—a talk to then "Peopleway: God practical simple, something and

slam down the receiver."Comunderstandable. In a word it is

plete reliance on the Lord's ability another break with decadent deand desire to answer our prayers is nominational forms, a return to the one of the basic principles of the zeal and devotion of the early movement. Christians. It will be judged in

Nor must the Oxford Grouper the years to come as other organikeep to himself the good things he zations and movements by its.

has received. He must "share."It fruits. Right now it is an absorbis not enough to confess to God: REFLECTIONS ing experiment, religious and psyothers must be told of the victories chological.

412 QUEST By JOSEPHINE DAHL

and made a bed for him on the back porch. I had a delivery to make,

but came back as soon as I could mm') to make him comfortable until his owner could be found. And he

must have limped off"; couldn't

have gone very far."There was

during limb was now restored to its former genuine concern in his face anda busy week,S'OMEWHEREMrs. Southwick had symmetry and usefulness. And voice.

seen the word "Ideality."It might the doctor had a family to support,

have been the heading of Betty's a home to maintain, and office rent MR{LS. SOUTHWICK

English composition, or a caption to pay, besides the expense of opertold him that one of the children in the paper. It did not matter. ating his car and hiring an office had said something about a lame

But her mind had caught the word, assistant. Yes, she must telephone dog making its way to the hollow

and held it with annoying perhim. across the street, and with a smile

sistence. She began her regretful explanaand "Thank you"young Schultz

Impatiently she thrust it from tion, only to be cut short by a was gone.

her. Ideality, indeed? Ideality friendly little laugh. One check had been made out,

existed only in dreams and fancies. "I'm not worrying about it one when a young voice interrupted.

What use was there in vain and bit, Mrs. Southwick,"the doctor "Mum! Mummy!"

empty expatiations, when the perassured her heartily, "and hope that "Yes? What is it?"Mrs. Southfect exemplar, the archetype, was you are worrying no more than I. wick asked impatiently.

is in Dick? some Sendnot in him to be found you're not this prosaic day How "O—nothin'—say,

leg I'd again. time; see that like toof selfishness worryin'and commercialism? are you, 'bout money,

Life had long since cut itself apart What? He plays baseball? Send Mum?"

from ideals; it had resolved itself him in soon!""Well, a little, I guess, dear,"

into "each man for himself, and Mrs. Southwick turned from she replied, regretting her sharpness.

the devil take the hindmost."And the telephone with stinging eyes, "You don't need to. I was just

for the hindmost, it was merely a the tightness around her heart goin'to ask if I could go to the mad effort to get by. somewhat relaxed, then hurried to store an'buy one of those thing-a-

To get by! That was her own answer a knock at the back door. magigs in the window, but—youI canproblem, now and all the time, It was young Schultz; his peocan have my fifteen cents!

from the first of the month when ple lived on the corner, a peculiar save again!"And a grimy little

bills came in, to the last when she family who had raised a neighhand turned out upon the table a young man looked up with ter of feet, the slam of a door, andlookedcheck—thatforwardmoreto thebillsneededmightpaybe borhoodThe row about a rightof-way. precious hoard of pennies. A patpaid. What time had she to con- a friendly smile. the child was gone, scarcely hearing

sider ideals, when stern reality was "Have you seen a little bull terher mother's "Thank you, dear!"

her constant companion? rier limping around here this afterMrs. Southwick tenderly gathAs she sat, a prey to worry and noon?"he asked. ered the pennies into a little heap

discouragement, before her on the "Oh, is it your dog that's hurt?."and went on with her task untildesk were bills and check book. The children said something—another knock sounded at the back

First came, as usual, the statements "No, he isn't mine. I don't door. This time it was the plumfrom fuel, light and telephone comknow where he belongs. I was ber, who had come to repair a

panies. leaking drain under the kitchen Then—the doctor bill! driving my truck along the highThis month the doctor must wait. way up here, and a man just ahead sink. Curiously she watched him

No doubt she should make some of me ran right over this dog; at his brief task, remarking;

explanation or apology, for she didn't even look back. I couldn't "Plumbing is a more essential

was forced to admit that Doctor leave the little fellow lying in the trade today than it was in grandBurton had given Dick conscienroad; he wasn't dead. So I picked mother's time."

tious care, and the boy's fractured him up and brought him home, {Continued on page 443)

By JOSEPH F. MERRILL

A Member of the Quorum of the Twelve The Lore Overrules

was about 10 o'clock one at the University during 188789. ings, never forgot to pray daily,

This was a period of intense feeling and tried to make my personalITMonday morning the end of

Gentiles. mother's the square between with and conduct Mormons my early September, or August east I leaders the were went then teachings. of Church Most And in I riding westward1897. was further of living period "the for underground"a twoyear and on train, Pacific a on UnionWyoming "depcontinually study. were hunted by a this at scanning hour wasand

little there escape this inhutime marshals."was uty During To paper, obSalt of acopy Lake considerfurther persecution give the had to occasion Mormons man stop. at previous thetained At

this their of Public forsaken question comfortable to homes ation report reading athe I was moment the in activity. forty years lovely on However, Nauvoo beChurch the conference of quarterlyof the attention fore trip the of innumerwas return midst some and in Taberin the held Stake,Salt Lake

it of able unbelievable conclusion the hardships to but given and Reference before.nacle the day the sufferings fled to remained unbefore years they had four

release the'Joseph of towas made reason wilderness. one Mountain changed. was Rocky By This for served Felt, hadH. many who interest persistent struggles with so dint of read with much why I of asyears Superintendent Stake

to natural conditions they unfriendly happened of what had my friend the I. A., and thenY. M. M. in these themselves established During inhad Lyman. Richard R. my giventeresting information was

a vales peaceful accepted wanted, they absence where leave he of had beenthat Richard R. Lyman had

all, free to University. to feel worship in the position above teaching

as successor.selected his myTo dictates to the were to this "according and we knew their God I knewself I said "Congratulations, Richin conscience."their faculty. of But the colleagues But on be own these soonerard."words had No

it later eighties persecutions old I as the started just might to think

Ipassed than through was mind my bitterness all returning to for were become right was be and him are tosurprised the words by "You for strongly increasing. people not active but publicly Our Church last first counselor."hisbe These

live felt in peace to right a shock. they had came me my the read paper not were fromwords

I re- a in reclaimed invitation and they land Years ago had on ears inor but spoken audibly my at the Psychical this habitable. the Uniincident to ported made We impressed forcibly werethey upon

felt were that between of Society Boston. BeResearch we as if they had versitymy consciousness sea."blue deep the it as the fore accepting "the devil and phenomenal tones. uttered in thunderousbeen

I shook. "Is not this strange?"I The Gentiles regarded us as a MorSociety asked me a lot of questions.

I had never previously talkedthought. mon institution. The Mormons No,

(some of them) looked upon our with Dr. Lyman about M. I. A.

And then I began to ponder the school as an "infidel factory."work nor with any other person

situation. The facts were that I Hence we did not enjoy the wholeabout it in the Salt Lake nor any

was returning to Salt Lake City hearted support of either faction. other stake. I had neither seen nor

after an absence of nearly twentyin any way communicated withfour months to enter again upon CO when I went back to the inDr. Lyman during the two premy duties as a member of the stitution as a teacher in Septemvious years. Yes, I had known

faculty of the University of Utah. ber, 1893, I resolved in my public him at the University of Michigan

I had previously served for two capacity to be neutral toward both four years and more previously.

years as a teacher at the University factions, particularly since many But I was not then and had never and was now returning from a leading men and women on both been a member of the Salt Lake leave of absence, devoted to study sides were then trying hard and Stake, was not personally acquaintat Johns Hopkins and Chicago successfully to develop better uned with any officer of the Stake, to Universities. I going in the believed derstandings. Utah I was I. attended never A. any had M.

it that its convinced to possibilities Universitywith mind and my outside ward, meetings own of my for avoid for well factor be influentialwould me to become an ten than and this more Richmond, public activity in Church service. good in the community. But pubyears before, had no secret desire

I had taken this view during the licly I must exhibit no partisanto be a Church officer, etc.

two years, 189395, that I had alship else to that extent I might ready taught at the University and endanger the good work of the YKTHY was I told that I was to be

I had concluded to continue this University. Hence during these Brother Lyman's first counattitude. two years I accepted no call to selor? At first thought it seemed

"Why,"does one ask? This Church service. I went regularly very strange. But I have been of

was the situation. I was a student as a lay member to religious meet- (Continued on page 447)

II "OGDEN'S HOLE #X;;

Plwto of the Stansbury Map.

INthethe EraJanuaryI notice(1934)an issuearticleof By ANDREW JENSON under the caption, "The ColonAssistant Church Historian ization of Ogden Hole"by Glenn of Perrins, a newspaper Og man refers <den. the The aged but still keen Assistant Church Histo this article he In

location of the city of Ogden as torian who, himselfy walked across the -plains, calls

Ibeing identical with Ogden Hole, Howard Stansbury as witness in the case Ogden vs.

or, correctly written "Ogden's y

Hole."Ogden's Hole (See Glenn S. Perrins article in

There can be no doubt in regard the January, 1934 Improvement Era) and settles the to Ogden's Hole being identical controversy. Mr. Jenson also produced a Stansbury

with Ogden Valley in which the settlements of Huntsville, Eden, map as evidence.

and Liberty are now located. The

name "Ogden's Hole"was applied Valley of the Great Salt Lake of water, until he crossed the Contito that particular valley prior to Utah,"published in Philadelphia nental Divide, or South Pass.

the arrival of the Mormon pioneers in 1852. Thence he traveled to Fort Bridger,

in 1847, and perhaps the best auHoward Stansbury left Fort where he arrived Aug. 11, 1849.

thority we have is the official docuLeavenworth May 31, 1849, with In his official report we read the ment written by Howard Stanshis expedition. He traveled in a following:

bury, Captain Corps Topographnorthwesterly direction until he "From Fort Bridger there are now two ical Engineers, U. S. Army, entitled struck the Platte River, and thence routes as far as the Humboldt or Mary's

"Exploration and Survey of the passed up said river and the Sweet- (Continued on page 448)

For the Dark Stranger Dry Farm Shadows

By Ardyth Kennetly By Andrew M. Andersen By Herbert H. McKusick

T'D like to have slippers with jeweled heels T REMEMBER—THERE have been other shadows on this

* And a soft dress looped with pearls, L * * Assailing grey legions of sagebrush wall, so beautiful none But furrows eyes to match Until myA heavenblue cape—and this faint tracery As curls. to the edge of the pine lands; Reached A head all golden

winter has etched through leafmoon The

I'd like to be covered with costly stuff, * * Snaring the wary water less arms

White diamonds glittering blue, In pits at the foot of the lonely butte, That reach toward heaven in their loneFor then you'd see me and then you'd ask Where snows, embraced by the aspens, liness.

Would I dance this waltz with you? Melted slowly

There have been other lines upon this heart, * * Gathering abundant harvests Limn'd by the fiercer light of passion's sun,

From the generous soil. But none so beautiful, my dear,

ecstacy As this your love has wrought new is done. the Coin of the Realm Then the barren years came, After day

By Clarence Edwin Flynn A procession who would journey to anotherONEland Of wilting saffron droughts. Storm clouds were as impotent Memories

dust wheels the of ominous pause somewhere before departing. AsMust

the southBy Jane Romney Crawford the winds rolled from up That and

Exchange his money for the coin they know west. "DOSE! how soon your beauty leaves you

to go. he for means value where *To stand dry, Petals fall and and droop Frustrated, I renounced my bondage

leaves you, fragrance fades Color and slopes. cursed dusty heat to To to the world journey wouldOne who

is left alone to die. Stem a silver sheen there was But come

reaches endless sagebrush, of in home, On it a findIn peace, happy and all, it live at Rose, to pay sentinel buttes on traveler And all that that anyMust know just a for day? bloom you the foothills DoesWhen

in the purple dawn. Were character. is there pass for valueCan is then, Rose, mission Just what your

* * Leaves of the aspens Do you live in vain, I say?

Danced with the timidest breezes; Did I say you lived in vain, Rose?

In a Garden * * Meadow larks, far from their Now I know I failed to see

By Rosannah Cannon Trilledmeadowsamid pillars of golden grain, YouAnd thein yourtruthrealyoulighttold andto me.worth, Rose,

COULD ever spring come sweetly to And a house with dirt roof and log walls, Perfect is your mission then, Rose, this place, Framed by fields of burnished copper Perfume rare with it combines

And we not know? And drowsy hills, Life and beauty, charm and grace, Rose,

Where iris blooms with an especial grace, Is intimate and sheltering. Like true friends your life reminds.

green; trail tender their silver birchesAnd

is seen, Now you're here and now you're gone. a sickle in the dusk moonWhere

Rose,And faint winds blow.

stay just long enough. Only

Though we are dust a thousand years or To make your coming and your going more, Fond sweet memories of love.

The summer rain Will tell of one place lovely as before;

And grief we knew together will seem Grand Canyon small.

And death quite unimportant, after all, By Maud E. Uschold

If this remain. THIS cannot be—this world below our

feet!

This sunken continent of chiseled rock,

Sacrament Where lightnings dart, and follow thunBy M. J. Cole From derscloudsshockwhite enfilades of snow and

space! this woodland Within mist. of in a rainbow Shapes below maze O TREES so mute and reverent After sleet.a storm the strange mirage of stone

leaves quietly: Fold young all your sun, slanting rays of with Luminous now

It is a holy place. Blowing in streams carnelian, amethyst.

is land no ordinary This us lift Let in adrift continent; gossamer,this bright, Sharp up our faces,—gladof scars, unashamed And

Since we have drunk memorially One moment clear, then lost in clouds that

Our fellowship with stars. blur

Chameleonlike in ever changing light;

The Maker of clean beauty has That lifts from nether earth its terrible

Broken the bread again scars;

And given to us in the dawn FALLS AND GRAND CANYON OF THE Whose skies have depth, but neither sun

Communion cup of rain. YELLOWSTONE nor stars.

.:': wlfmW

June Conference in Relief Still Our Greatest National Danger "THE attendance at June Conference this year Mi broke all records, according to M. I. A. Officials.

Maricopa Stake, Arizona, led all stakes in Yod DO ALL RlOUf registration Friday. Saturday morning, howOCCASIONALLY-HE IS MY OREATESTBUT

r CAi-1 ever, forged into first place. Cheers LIEUTENANTPocatello Stake

rtlK\YEAR ON DEPEND stakes. AFTER for the distant I "YEAR

Three thousand one hundred and seventyeight singers assembled to participate in the grandest music festival in the history of the Church. Noble

Cain, director, from Chicago, was elated when he beheld his group. Madam Telva, former

Metropolitan singer, who was present to sing during the festival and in the general session on

Sunday, was highly complimentary in her remarks about the chorus after she had heard them in rehearsal. Madam Telva appeared in compliment to the First Presidency of the Church.

M. I. A. contests, which have been in use for

years, were replaced, officially by achievement programs. Miss Clarissa A. Beesley, second counselor to President Ruth May Fox, in making the

announcement, suggested that "a living room is to be adopted in which all of the family may meet all the time in place of the oldfashioned parlor in which the family met only on gala occasions."Rrptmiuad Ny Spls] Peiniisslnn l Tin riilraio TribuiK

Ninety Vanguards registered in the archery contests. These young Robinhoods made a beautiful Listen Friend! showing.

M Men soft ball and tennis contests proved to ISTEN, friend, you may be the next one to kill be popular. Some of the games attracted much some hopeful, innocent, splendid boy or girl,

attention. man or woman! No amount of regret or sorrow

The eight feet by nearly five feet replica of the afterward will bring back a life. No years can

July cover of The Improvement Era which was dim that horrible moment when you felt your car used in the Era program on Friday morning in the strike the yielding flesh of one fashioned in God's

Assembly Hall, attracted considerable attention. own image.

The new plan of the regular Tuesday evening You need not be the next one to do such a thing

Beesley. also announced meeting was by Miss exercise care; will you need never do it—if

meetings to this plan, the weekly According life. a chance to take with will—youif you refuse

be devoted in their entirety to the subject in hand; High speeds are dangerous and in most cases are

two evenings to the manuals, and two to the unnecessary. When you are tempted to step on

Appreciation courses, each month. the gas and force that car above a safe and sane

The Attitudes of Youth were stressed in the speed, pause and ask yourself if it is necessary. In

Saturday morning meeting in the Assembly Hall. most cases you will find it is not. At twenty miles

Four important speeches were given, some of an hour you can cross most of our ordinary towns which, if not all, will be run in this magazine. from edge to edge in three minutes; at thirty you

The lunch at Saltair and the dance contests can do it in two. Remember that if you are travelwere as interesting and beautiful as usual. The ing more than fortyfive miles an hour a blowout

original dances were especially fine. Eighteen on a front wheel means an almost certain wreck.

stakes participated and each couple may know that A young man got in his car and started for the at least some of the onlookers selected them. Teton music festival of his ward. A tire blew out. The

Stake presented a four couple waltz which was car tipped over twice. The boy was killed. Reartistically conceived and executed. joicing was turned into mourning.

The contest events aroused the usual exciteAn honest, hightype business man left his ment. See page 432 for results. home for his office. At twenty miles an hour he

Unusually fine weather greeted the visitors. could have reached it in less than two minutes,

Light rains had cooled the atmosphere until Salt but he had a fine car and enjoyed speed. A car

Lake City was, indeed, a delightful place in which had stopped at an intersection. He was in a hurry,

to spend a few days; at the Lake the sunset was perhaps, or was thoughtless, and passed the car at

gorgeous and the surrounding mountains were a fair rate of speed only to feel the impact of a dreams of loveliness. body as a happy young girl on her way to school

stepped out from in front of the car which had were deceived before our latest election, but many stopped to let her pass. The girl was hurled to people are not entirely sane on the subject of

the pavement. She was picked up and rushed to liquor, and many more cannot think through a

a hospital where it was found she had a fractured problem.

skull. She suffered untold agony. She may die; Now is the time, where you are is the place toshe may live—a wreck; there is only a very slender exhibit your patriotism. Let's get busy and make

chance of complete recovery. America safe for health, happiness, and sanity.

conventions even though there is not a dimeperson—yourself,Friend, you may be the next one to kill a Let's be patriotic enough to go to those primaries

for our attendance. Let's upsetelse—unless you exerciseyour owngreat family,care in drivingor someonethat andin sight any

powerful servant of yours, your car! machine that attempts to fasten liquor and other

We plead for safety! H. R. M. shackles upon our people. Washington gave his

as his fortune. Surely we can give a little time What Brand Patriotism? time, suffered hardship, and offered his life as well

to this cause.

TTHERE are several brands of patriotism, but only What brand patriotism should we have! The

one counts very of work. Talk, brand that will send good and men much—that women—men assuch one hears at the nation's on birthday and the with welfare all and women of the people at

seasons,other is important, heart—to our legislatures both statethought and thought produces action—sometimes.because it shapes—H.andR.nationalM.But work—work toward and for American ideals

is the brand of patriotism that counts most. We Will Carry the Torch a bit Confused big by the and complicated

stream of activity that is constantly going on TWO days before June Conference began a young around us, we, frequently, would be willing to M Man, Earl Ross, had completed a talk and work if someone would point the way. was looking forward to delivering it on Sunday

Right now is the time, and where you happen to night at the M MenGleaner session. Two days

reside is the place to begin. An election is coming after Conference, Earl was dead. In his place on

up this fall. Now is the time to prepare for it. Sunday night stood a teacher of his who had first

At election time we hear orators deride the asked the Men Men and Gleaners there assembled

American public for not using their votes. We to join him in a prayer of faith for Earl—a prayer

hear speakers declare that we must use our suffrage. which he offered in solemnity and sincere humilThose admonitions are good, but now is the time ity. Then, according to the sick boy's request,

to work. Professor Joseph Smith read the paper Earl had

There are huge interests preparing for the next written.

election. They never sleep, so to speak. They In the M Men organization members will grow

realize that under a democratic form of governolder and leave; Earl will be an M Man until the

ment such as ours, they can shape their own day when the grave is opened and he is raised to destinies and the destinies of the people while the inhabit again his body with clear young eyes again people sleep. They groom their candidates seeing and his strong young limbs again animate.

slyly, secretly. They prepare their programs and His is a spirit which, perhaps, will hover about

arguments. Usually they buy or force themselves the organization of young men his age and lend

into one or the other or all of the political parties. the inspiration of his greater experience and vision.

Their representatives will be present at the first From his last consciouslyplanned message we primaries and will follow through to the last quote: "Well, Pioneer, you see we too have

rally, because it means money to them. mountains to climb, prairies to cross, rivers to

The people, therefore, if they are to shape the ford in carrying the Torch of our Faith. * * *

kind of country they wish for themselves and their Ours is a great task, but we are unfalteringly piochildren, must also be alert at the right time. neering in ne wfields * * * but we are still miles

is the right time! After nominations our haveNow from can never reach, goal that we goal—a

is late to toobeen made become is nor can of the succeeding any generations. active. Now There

the time. will always be new problems to solve, new pioHuge liquor, grain, and fruit interests are eager neering in new fields * * * but we are still miles

to see the last vestige of prohibition removed. on our way; we have achieved concrete goals;

They will work hard and long for the return of but we can't and won't stop. We shall press on

all liquors everywhere because there is money to and carry the Torch you have handed to us; the

be made all along the line in the liquor business. Torch of our faith to every part of the world, no

Clever men are racking their brains for subtle matter where it is, to every nation, no matter how arguments for liquor. They will point out the small, to every individual, no matter how lowly.

difficulties of enforcement; they will speak of the We will do these things with every worthy cause we

taxes which will flow into state coffers; they will can command. We will pioneer, just as you did!"

trafficsay the will how carefully controlled. be Earl Ross has pledged his word M course, sane, no thinkingOf or will man carry torch. the woman will Men The M thatMenthemust deceived theirbe by argument any his than they more make good!"word E. B. T,

HistoricalOur

Our "foe"is still with us in many parts of the intermountain West. This lady who

knows her insects has gathered some interesting data about those ageold enemies of man—

the grasshopper or locust.

T&S

it the morning, was when "And east days, written that they into ciousness were of these insects, the Arabs * * locusts the * they broughtwind the historical records of superstition about mankind, had a peculiar face thatcovered the the earth of so whole the land was darkened; and they did eat together with other great events of them. They believed them to be

every herb of the land and all the fruit of world history. The prophet Joel a composite of ten different animals,

the trees: and there remained not any writes of them as a fierce, invading having the head of the horse, the

treesgreen thing in the herbs or any of army. horns of the stag, the eyes of the allthe field the land through Egypt."of

Exodus X:15. "Hear ye this, ye elders, and give ear, elephant, the neck of the ox, the

all ye inhabitants of the land. Hath this breast of the lion, the body of the

ever in the in scorpion, camel, happened of the the days? the days your or hip locusts orGRASSHOPPERS fathers? of left your by which was That legs the the the stork, of of wings are ageold enemies of man. the creeping locust the hath swarming eagle, tail the of the dragon. and locust eaten, left that and which by was have devastations Their Allah's Believing to be them Army, the grass locust swarming locust the hath all world. thebeen over witnessed

eaten, fate resigned left that to they the grass and the which themselves was by again. are us they menacingNow locust the eaten. locust hath corn inflicted forthese by upon them

* * * rapidity, have they alarming Awake, howl.With and weep and creatures. the valiant midable Even a nation land, hath For over come up my areincreased in until they numbers beaten them. were Romans by bold teeth are without and number, whose seriouscausing in epidemics our

teeth lion, the a of the teeth cheek a of a year C. B. In the during 133 states.midwestern damage The lion. great laid waste, vine hath He my infinite terrible locust plague,

is identical fig tree:they it that barked with which and do he hath made my

was done in Utah by the "crickets"clean bare, and the branches thereof are myriads of them were blown into * * * Sea, the white. Mediterranean harvest the made of The were pioneer longof days were (They

is field perished. beasts the do How the and drowned, washed upon really grasshoppers,horned not cattle groan! herds are of perplexed The that shore in such heaps immense

.crickets because as All they today) yea, pasture; have the no known

Latterday Saints are familiar with flocks of sheep are made desolate. * * * they caused a general pestilence of

the story of their miraculous deThe land is as the Garden of Eden all living creatures. And their foul

before them, indescribably horrible. behind desolate and odor a them wasstruction seagulls. by wilderness; yea, shall nothing escape and seacoast the near Carthage and On Ordinarily grasshoppers a few them. is appearance as the of The them perished. persons Utica 200,000give as concern, appearance of horses; as they are inand so us no horsemen

significant individually. When shall they run. Like the noise of chariots Of the 30,000 Roman soldiers that

the tops died, shall of in on stationed leap, they Utica mountains were 1500 excessively, multiplythey howlike the fire noise a flame of that of decarried buried out of the city andever, they a serious plague, become stubble, the voureth as a strong people in a single day. this battle in periodically occurs array."and with set

them. Throughout all ages, they A worse plague than that one

have caused fearful desolation, AT that time the locusts devaswas experienced in France in 872 famine, and pestilence. So terrible tated Palestine, Egypt, Syria, A. D. Every green thing in the

were these plagues in the olden and Arabia. Because of the feroland was devoured by the locusts.

INSECT FOE419 By ELSIE HOFFMAN BUCHANAN

Onethird of the entire population for the farmers, likewise terrifying ogists refer to the latter as grassof France died from the famine and is their visitation to the city dwelhoppers. They are really the same

disease that followed this epidemic. lers. In 1915 the people of Jeruinsects, and by some, the terms are

Perhaps the most horrible famine salem suffered such an experience. used interchangeably. In our

caused by these insects was the one country, we have no migratory in Morocco in 1778. The poor AFTER the fields, orchards, and species at the present time, the

people wandered over the country vineyards of the Holy Land Rocky Mountain Locust being in search of food, devoured the were devastated, the locusts rannow extinct.

roots of plants, and picked the unsacked the homes of the people. Four other species of grasshopdigested grains of barley from the Squeezing through cracks of closed pers, however, developed tremendung of camels. Starvation stalked doors and windows, they chewed dous populations in the middle

through the land. The streets and up lace curtains, upholstery, and west, and ruined crops worth milroads were strewn with the unclothing. Frantically, the women lions of dollars last year. They

buried dead. Fathers sold their swept them from the walls and laid untold myriads of eggs in the

children and husbands their wives, roofs of their dwellings, but to no ground. In some sections as many

to be spared this fate. avail. They got enmeshed in their as 5,000 to 10,000 eggs were laid

Although we have not had so clothes, and exuded a nasty, dark to the square foot of soil.

horrible an experience in this counfluid that soiled their garments most Mother Nature provides amply try, our grandparents can easily redisgustingly. Their thorny legs for the protection and survival of

member the locust outbreak of scratched the skin as they crawled these little eggs. She has the female

1874. Millions of acres of crops down people's backs. Their bite grasshopper dig a hole in the

were destroyed when the Rocky was like that of a horsefly. And ground about two inches deep.

Mountain locusts swarmed over the everywhere the locusts left behind Then the eggs are voided in a great plains. Many of the pioneers them their droppings, as repulsive mucous fluid that later hardens and

of the mid -west faced starvation, as those of mice. forms a protection around them.

were compelled to abandon their The piles of dead locusts were She then kicks soil over the hole, homesteads, and in the covered shoveled off of the streets daily by filling it up carefully again.

wagons to wander over the dehundreds of men, while others The tenacity and endurance of vastated plains in search of food. carted them out of the city to be these little eggs is amazing. They

Only those who have witnessed burned before they rotted. All of will withstand extremely low temone of these locust visitations can the railroad trains were delayed, peratures, and moisture of any derealize how swift and complete is and many of them stopped comgree, surviving all kinds of soil conthe destruction of all vegetation by pletely, when they encountered a ditions, unless they are exposed to

these ravenous insect swarms. locust swarm. Great masses of the the air and dried out. Periodically

Without a note of warning, sudcrushed little carcasses make the rails during the winter Minnesota entodenly the sun's face is darkened. so oily and slippery that the wheels mologists dug eggs out of the

Clouds obscure the sky. The air lose their traction. frozen ground, reared those grassis thick with myriads of flying The actual size of these locust hoppers in their laboratories, and

specks. Descending upon a field, swarms seems incredible. In 1927 had them survive practically

they transform within a few hours Dr. C. B. Williams, famous en100%.

the green acres into a barren wastetomologist then stationed in East The eggpods may each contain land. Africa estimated that there were anywhere from 20 to 130 eggs.

In the cornfields, even the stalks 1 2 billion insects in one swarm that Each female my lay from 2 to 20 are eaten to the ground. The locusts flew over his experiment station eggpods during the summer, desweep clean a field quicker than there. This swarm was 50 miles pending upon climatic conditions.

would a whole herd of hungry long, \ J/2 miles wide, and 100 During a long, dry, warm summer steers. In the midst of the incesyards deep. Flying at the rate of they lay eggs very freely, and consant buzz produced by them, and six miles an hour, it took nine tinue doing so until the first freezeawed by their terrible destruction hours to pass over the station. up in the fall. The weather has

to his crops, the farmer stands helpThose were Desert locusts that been ideal for them during the past less and bewildered at the collective had migrated from Egypt and three years, which accounts for this power of these little creatures that Arabia, a distance of 2,000 miles. epidemic.

are otherwise so insignificant indiTo distinguish the migratory speThere are only two ways of vidually. cies of locusts from those that do combating these insect pests

Disastrous as a locust epidemic is not fly great distances, entomolpoisoning them and destroying..

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934

their eggs. Entomologists have drying action of the wind and sun, gues did theifc utmost to combat

experimented with various kinds of or will bury them so deeply in the those ravaging hordes of insects, poison baits, and have found that ground that the tiny hoppers canbut with little success. Even as

a mash composed of coarse wheat not emerge to the surface when recently as 1915 in Palestine only bran, arsenic, molasses, salt arid they hatch out in the spring. primitive methods were used in

water is the best bait. Plowing, fighting them, and the very poor

disking, and harrowing the eggdoubt the ancient people who people were compelled to eat theinfected soil will expose them to the NOwere afflicted with locust pla- (Continued on page 448)

'iscasisggr/

AVgwov| Aclodic

cmorvkp due nke wunc,A>mcW5;|

fntta /off We. o[ fk*(ky;

JftlW tUtt qvoceful wU) Wok;

on aak, A&dW;jmoiifmk

CHIk Witting (Uid*amitd|?j

Wttadtifettr, OfWmoW oulu mutic cmtdMal; #oMh

if m tk fccwit.

ojtnmd $eqJ aticLlkAlittq ixc:; -

<B.

tkflife, ityWtf Gb tetaitU and /miW '.S&.&S

\Ai and dcatU awl nttk

lfllte U. all => oai wwovie

&:-> ifT 1 -"? -. -

<frf-<*WMl'>J|WW'42 i

Charity Answer

BLESSED event is of interest"\7"E who desire to be truly wise A 'at any time and in any locality, A T first I wondered why you came * Look at another with understanding and it is with particular pride that ** And hurt me so.

eyes. the Era announces the new arrival Once, long ago,If in your opinion he is not doing right.—New Poets—whose advent was My life was young, aflame

Have you and he conquered the same bitter predicted in an early spring number With eagerness, but now fight? of the magazine. The eagerness is gone, and I am old, someHave you and he traveled the same rough Many poems have been submitted how.

road? which space prevented our using;

Have your backs been burdened with the others are on hand to be printed in I wondered why you came to me same heavy load? later issues of the Era. We are conTo hurt me so.

If by some magic you could borrow his fident that readers of the ImproveBut now I know.

eyes, ment Era will be united in their Pain has given way to clarity:

And see where his thorny rough pathway interest in the work of new writers Each life must run its gamut, low and lies, and also in the promise it gives of high.

Your opinion would wither and die in greater work to come. Through loving you, I learned to suffer

rebuke and to cry.And forever remain as the silent dumb—Betty Watt.

mute. your soul will arise Why Should We Look onThen

Beauty with compassion smother,And as Sad Death you'll Because learned have is they beauty? me: answer andEvery brother. is your man WHAT as sad? death look should on we is see, pleasing to that "It is anything—Eldced feel as should had we if we Knight. WHYWhy flitting here and the bees and The birds

Suddenly faced an empty world there prayer, at child kneeling while lifted high, peaks My House For You Whencurleddeath her outstretched arms has MountainousA on a so heart? near Around form our the in colored clouds Various seen sky; a trail, winding mountain A LONG felt to part; bear could not we We true, holds beautiful Music and** thru Where, the trees, I see a glimpse spirits their lived before birth Our Literature, art too, nature—andsomething of blue, their earth, Into dwellings here on its beautiful in everyone Each and way quakingWhere aspens their leaves move a spirit in Lived with world God; Sometimes sombre, mostly gay."

green. of spirits in that trod world And we

There, dear, I'll build a house for you. Amid the works of higher form All these are so wonderful and fine

those seen sea midst and Than half as beautiful divine are they now as storm. But and

is near, and to its edgeA lake sweetest, o'As that mine? Mother

marchingCome stalwart spirits'death lives then such end pines of somber Can Clarke. loveliest—Billie hue; life's it sea drives from As stormy

And joyful birds unite in ceaseless song; The frail barks drifting o'er the tide?

I'm building there a house for you. No, they past death's dark portals glide, To the SouthernArizona

sail a calmer, broader To sea PioneerWild flowers are there, and at the morn Until another port they see.

Phoebus comesWhen to gather up the sail they storm calm, through Thus on and sand, cacti, plains sage and of dew ENDLESS in the Held of hollow His palm; lonely mountains jagged, Pierced with rustling leaves,The the make me ride, they on forever on, Thus lake—all land, forsaken a longguarding Staunchly glad Passing sea to sea gone, from and sun. angry the rays in of an Writhing I've hereThat built for house you. last sail a sea to so At broad bleached the and along way, bones White Crouch. my—Birdice are Its bounds to save none known God. dry,

J. Casto.—James coil, rattlers'repulsive The

aloft vultures and cry, wheel hungry The My Boy parched and the clouds shift on Dust Welcome sunbaked soil."yOU'RE a darling little rascal,

I've * Tho'April! spanked you twice today! WELCOME caravan slow, plodding A struggling,

child book says that (My spanking rabbit comes a knocking * "The Easter been, both hard and long, The way has

Will not help you to obey.) Knocking on your very door. Wheels sink deep in the bleached, glimmerhis Easter With basket swinging, sand. ing gotBut into you icebox my little the he's singing, song And on. grimfaced push But on and men drank some heavy And cream! see! Can't you Can't you red falls flames sunset and hear? Night and the I called whenAnd to you me a is here. Oh, of spring month gold,

it temper Was scream? made you

sigh. softly, wearily Desert winds Welcome May!

Between you and your sister All the breezes are so gay, Purple shadows, the grim, gaunt peaks

You broke my sewing box Tossing perfume on the air, enfold

And found my sharpest scissors Scents from blossoms pink and blue, As friendly lizzards scuttle by.

cut golden locks. your To Pretty flowers of every hue blue, stars Glorious the glimmer from

see! Can't you Can't hear? you descends. a of stillness mantle a little AndYou're such angel

is of here. a month bloom Oh are cherished anew, dreams Men's born you're laughing When in your swing

them, its mystic strength the desert June! listen Welcome must To workMy cease,—I

lends. All the children are a playing, voice merry With you sing.

School is out and books forgotten, They stay to conquer and to learn,

Perhaps when you are older, Jumping rope and playing ball, Until like the majestic Sahuaro;

And reason you can see, Here is one and there is all. They too, stand unbowed, unbent and

My course in Child Psychology Can't you see! Can't you hear? firm—

Will be some use to me.—Leone Rose. Oh a month of fun—Paulais here. BloomReld. Unafraid to welcome—Minnieeach tomorrow.Seaver.

"As Little Children"By LEONE ROSE

little "dead Two mothers and two little no doubt Marjy was going to wait end"street has such a friendly look. for them to return. Experience

Beautiful elm oURtrees line either side, children figure in this story had taught me that they never and all the front porches are within by a new writer. The plot is "stayed put,"so I had better bring

calling distance of one another. them where I could hear their not strong> perhaps partly bevoices. I hated calling to them, soBut it is a lonely little lane, because no one ever calls. Quarrels cause the writer says it is a walked up the street.

over such things as parking space true story y but the tone is "Marjy, Mother wants you and and stolen green apples have ended Bobby to stay in the back yard with "you low down Irish Cathsincere. today because I'm very busy."

heard me say busy before.olic,"leaguer—wantand in return,to run"youthe hightown."hat had"Is this cleaning day?"Marjy

This tale concerns the latter, my Just then the maid came for "No it isn't cleaning day butneighbor, up the street three doors, Brownie. I wondered if he would—."I heard a step and Mrs.

Mrs. Herman Ellsworth Brown, remember the name Joseph Smith. Brown came out on the porch. She

of the Montclair Junior League. It seemed so unlikely I thought no had most beautiful naturally curly

Mrs. Brown and I have three more about it, but made a mental hair that always made me wonder

dressed for a shoppingchildrenages—theeach,only ofthingaboutwethehavesamein notetume.to examineIt wouldthenoJapanesedoubt needcoshowwas smartlymine looked, and today she

common. There are no other little pressing. trip, I judged.

Patton."Mrs. you do, block. dochildren the on "How were having always Browns The times, at friendly late It enough in She was October, a balmy, was their parties children. for Mary else for little anyone never I waited but day, heardlazy Herwhen last the from come had home Lou began. finish they or called to speak what (everyone him Brownman gift the a balloons, one from with playing tell we "Mother, we were"Brownie") Mary Lou my table, pie big candy, and a on the

said School,"the party. went children to Sundayabout had The hat. the Hallowe'en paper I knew

made a lovely bed of leaves just party would be a grand affair. Marjy.under the solarium windows. They "Tundy Tule,"echoed Bobby.

were sitting now, buried nearly to The next few days were busy "Good morning, Mrs. Brown."

their waists, and a soft rustling ones. My cousin came to New I finally was heard. Marjy was

sound accompanied their voices. York, enroute to Germany on a pulling my hand. "Marjy, you

"I'll be six, and Mother says it mission. Tuesday and Wednesday, and Bob play Sunday School is

will be a Hallowe'en party. You as soon as the girl who sometimes over and run home now. That's

got a costume?"helped me could come over from good children."

"Uhhuh. Mother brought me school, I left her with the children The children dashed off and

a Japanese costume when she went and went to New York. Mrs. Brown said, "Your children

away this summer. It has shoes are always playing Sunday School.

that just cover my toes."Thursday there was Where do you go to church?"

"Gee, can you walk in 'em? quite a lot of accumulated work to "There's no branch of our

We're goin'to play games."be done. It was such a beautiful Church in Montclair, but we have

"I've got new slippers that I day the two little ones, Marjy, a chapel in East Orange. We're

wear to Sunday School. Maybe three, and Bobby, two, were put Latterday Saints."

they'd be better for games."in the back yard to stay and play. "Oh indeed! Brownie said

"I went to Sunday School and As I placed a gingerbread in the Mary Lou spoke of Joseph Smith.

got a picture of Jesus."Brownie oven and turned to wash the dishes, Is yours the Mormon Church?"

had coaxed his mother to take him I was suddenly conscious of too "Yes we are sometimes called to Sunday School ever since he had much silence. I listened but could Mormons because of our Book of

been in the neighborhood, because hear no chattering voices. With a Mormon."

lookMary Lou and the babies went shiny nose and mussy housedress "Umm—I suppose."She

every Sunday. I darted out the front door. There ed worried, and then to the great

"I didn't get a picture of Jesus."were the babies sitting contentedly relief of both of us her phone rang.

Mary Lou was regretful, but then on the Browns'front porch. The I knew her maid would answer, but

brightened. "But I heard about Brown babies always went to the I had visions of my gingerbread

Joseph Smith."park with a maid at this hour, but turning up its edges with too much

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934 423

heat, so with no reluctance on either vitations in the mail, and we didn't "Is he dead? I heard Mother

side we parted. get one. tell Joe's mother you belonged to

"I'll go see. I'll tell her our his Church. Gee! I sure pulled a

X RIDAY afternoon, invitation didn't come."She good one on Mother. I wouldn't

just as the babies were awakening started so quickly down the stairs eat 'till she got you, but when from their naps, Mary Lou came I left the babies and went after Gretchen came down for you, -she rushing in from school very much her. We sat on the steps together. said no one was home. Why did

excited. Cars were stopping up the street you go away?"

"Mother, Mother, get me ready, and happy youngsters dressed as "We went to the park."Such

it's Brownie's party. I'm to wear goblins and witches were chasing a sad little voice for my gay Mary

my costume, Mother, but my new one another. If they would only Lou.

shoes, not the Japanese ones, so I go inside! "I'm going to tell Mother Joscan run in the games.""I know how you feel, dear, eph Smith is dead. She doesn't

I guess."Off he tore to My heart sank. There had been but I'll phone Daddy to—."She know,

no invitation to the party, and the was sobbing and shook off my enlighten his mother.

Browns always sent invitations. hand when I would have petted A sigh went all through me, but

Was this because of Joseph Smith? her. I left her alone and quickly I didn't know how to improve on

What should I tell my child? The dressed the babies. the children's method of settling

truth, but not quite all the truth. "Why sister c'y?"asked Bobby. things.

Maybe a little white lie. My Mentally I answered, "Because of A little later in the day, Mrs.

thoughts ran pell mell. Joseph Smith."Brown came down. I broke the

just a dressed mingot "Mary and ice. we Somehow Lou—listen "No doubt we were both a littleute. to are not invited this over to the whefre park You Daddy

party, because it's just for picked us up in the car, and we all embarrassed by the party yesterday,

I'll future, if in wish, the but you cousins,Brownie's before ice cream and relatives. had dinner—an children the have of out the way treat. yesterday.I talked to outrageous his mother

You're not invited this time, (or and we'll save all the tears."My

inspite voice trembled in of my I other betime wondered?)any breakfast next AfteiiR tense this speech, preparation of andcause just a you are friend."How in the back were all morning we

pathetic and lame it sounded. "I'll yard. Just as I would have called my smile must have been pathetic

tell you what we'll do, we'll all go Mary Lou to help gather some late because tears came to Mrs. Brown's

to the park."nasturtiums, Brownie came around eyes.

I've never so ashamed. "I'm to park. the house. corner of the "I don't go to the want Mary Lou

I'll before. a known Mormon right to the rushed party. to him. to goI want up I know

let differnever again any it makelots cousins. of Brownie's I want I get didn't invitation an "Why children. ence the with near theto go."Tears were surto inblessed your party?"The her, to talk to but I wanted weface. formality of children.

left. crying, she so were both

"Listen, honey, can't go to we "Because of Joseph Smith."ice is the neighbors, and We are

parties invited."unless we're nonchalant, Brownie was religion, the field over but I broken of

"Brownie invited me, Mother. gasped. with what results no one can tell.

He said 'did I have a costume'.""How could he do it? He's And as far as the children are

"But Brownie's mother sent indead."concerned, Joseph Smith is dead.

>- io<*ef9V2i*- -<-

WAS once camping out see the light and then enotcome on high ground hunting cattle with a it, I the see where couldI of of men. Parah. bunch One

fire light right the of was A as an outlaw had anthem ears, horse's that betweenideal. He had had an exBy THE DREAMER so, I knew that he knew

tremely smart horse and (A Pioneer) that that fire was where we were talking about the we were going. He had

sagacity of that horse when someto keep a fire on the Iron mounlearned that in the first ten miles.

one asked him if the horse could tain in order that I might cross the So all night long I had no trouble tell an unmarked or branded calf, desert in the night. So I left the about it. He would avoid obstacles

as some had said he could. He mountain near Desert Spring at and always come back to the line."

said, "No, that is just a joke, but dark. It was about ten miles beThe young man thought that was

when I start him after an animal fore we reached the flat of the desalmost human.

he will never lose track of it."ert. I was afraid, when I reached Now I thought it taught a great

Then he started to tell us a story. the flat of the desert where there lesson to mankind; it taught the

He said: were low places from which I could necessity of having a beacon light,

"I once went to Pioche with not see the fire for some time, that a great ideal in life to guide us a bunch of beef. They were not I would not be able to tell where through the desert of life, the tempall mine and I did not want to be to look for the fire. But when I tations and byways. There are

seen coming back so my friend was went into a low flat where I could some who are as the scriptures say, 424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934

unstable, wafted about with every prepared. I have a little story of were sacking the grain. The boy

wind of doctrine. The modern my life. said to me, "Daddy, I would like,

way of saying it is they are drifters I was going to get some seed when I am a man, that men will who are just what their environgrain from a certain man. He say of me the same that man said

ment makes them. If they had was not at home and I had some of you today."

some great beacon light of a high trouble finding him. When I He is a man today and is honideal always in sight, they found him he said, "Why did you ored among men especially for his

wouldn't be turned so easily. not go and get it. I would just honesty.

as soon you would get it without All organizations of men have

I believe a man ought to know me as with me."He said, "You a constitution and bylaws. Every

what he would do before a great go now and get the wheat. I can't man is an organization and cannot

temptation came into his life. If go."live with any security without a

a man took stock of himself he So I went and my boy about ten constitution as a standard of courwould know himself better and be or twelve was with me w'hen we age and virtue.

*-—OGfg/Xlt* -<*

By Mae Huntington Through the Birches

a bright shaft ofTHROUGH the Birches,"sunlight which, one of the by the artist's magmost highlyprized ic, is more than canvases in the a streak of light;

Springville High it is a ray of hope,

School, was added an uplift to the to the school's colsoul that is keenly lection in 1932 as felt as one studies a student body the landscape.

purchase. Lord Rosebery's

The artist, Waltribute to books ter Koeniger, was may be made born in Germany, equally applicable

May 6, 1881. He to such a painting

now lives at as this: "There is

Woodstock, New a time when (art)

York. is an end in itself

The canvas porand that is to rerecruit fresh andtrays a summer spirit, ofsecene painted in clear, bright MASTERLYVILLE COLLECTIONPAINTING PURCHASEDBY STUDENTS—1932FOR SPRINGafter fatigue, depression

colors and breathing an atmosphere or suffering. When the object is to

of peace and of wellbeing. It is A HALFFORGOTTEN road refresh and to exalt, to lose the cares

such a scene as James Whitcomb which becomes lost in the disof this world in the world of imRiley might have had in mind tance is intriguing in its suggestiveagination, then a (work of art) when he wrote: ness of brookgladdened meadows, is more than a means. It is an end

of limitless expanse of sunkissed in itself. From any work, manual

"Outof-doors I'd ruther be hills and shadowy dells beyond. or intellectual, the man comes in Needn't fence it in for me!-—But always before one becomes lost tired and soured and falls under

Jes, the whole sky overhead, in contemplation of the mysteries the spell of some great master, who

And the whole airth underneath which lie at the end of the road, raises him from the ground and

Sorto so's a man kin breathe the eye is lifted "from the common takes him into a new heaven and a

Like he ort, and kindo has sod to a purer air and a broader new earth, where he forgets his

Elbow room to keerlessly view"by the leafy arms of the upbruises and rests his limbs, and he

Sprawl out lengthways on the grass wardreaching birches. Their returns to the world a fresh and

In the shadders thick and soft."beauty and grace are enhanced by happy man."

:a........:

LIGHTS and SHADOWS on tee SCREEN the parted by Englishman: Superbly young A

loves girl he from the three GreatDOUBLEdone thrillerDOOR (Para.)concerning War

remaining members of a deAmong the Best This deeply, finds her after tragic years.

settings, lovely acted, with in wealth, cadent of old family Month Beautifully finds a comfortwhich is the tragic charm a lifted to story melodramaticwhich a high plane of pictorial beauty, tense For Family ing solution, carries unusual power.

drama and genuine excitement. Adults City Limits (Monogram) Children would not enjoy it.

and Young People. Ferocious Pal (Principal) CITY LIMITS (Monogram): Fast

Voice in the Night (Colum.) I'll Tell the World (Universal). moving story of dyspeptic railroad

Though melodramatic in spots, this Man Trailer (Columbia) president who falls off his car into a

His Mate and entire Family. entertain the camp willstory of (M. G. M.) hobo of a telephone comTarzan work

(Columbia) the Night Voice in: Will carrying in service to humanity (Fox)pany Andrew Merry

will have an appeal for the entire For Adults and Young Adults Rogers in an amusing and pathetic role whoseFamily. business man a smalltown of

(Fox). Enemies Are Men a to selling out his insists on wife Last Gentleman The Pic- (Showmen's Bengal (United AllBeyond do. to nothing: leaving him chain,Artists) performance. A fascinating ture)

in which George Arliss plays a lovable The Double Door (Paramount) Family.

old gentleman who uses his wits to set Such Women Are Dangerous (Fox). Most Precious Thing in Life

things right. Pervaded with humor, Twenty Million Sweethearts (First (Colum.): Fine human story of a

fine idealism and a sense of justice, it National) frail little cleaning woman in a college is unique and refreshing and leaves satisfying impression. except Family, a TheViva WitchingVilla (M.HourG. M.)(Paramount). onedormitoryof the whoboysfindsfor herwhomson,shelongcleans.lost,

young children. The seven groups who preview Without disclosing herself, she helps

HALF A SINNER (Univ.): Somepictures and make up these lists, him through a crisis. Family.

what machinemade melodrama, based classify audience as follows: ChilSuch Women Are dangerouson the play "Alias the Deacon,"in dren—up to 14 years; Adolescents (Fox): Pleasant, clean little socialwhich a wandering card sharper drops—from 14 to 18 years; Young comedy of captivating novelist who

18 to 25 years; little Adults—into plays Family. a the good town and Family—finds himself in complications.

by adults. children accompanied fairy to lovers to avenger and young of (Colum.): Story WHIRLPOOL

a crooked gang. Adults and Young released convict who meets his winPeople. some 20 year old daughter, whom he

ISLE OF FURY (Warners): Story Little Miss Marker: One of the has never known, and the joyous week

of political Irish question, with both best pictures of the year. Equal in they spend together. With much melosides handled sympathetically and interproduction values and story to Lady drama, and no attempt at greatness,

woven with a love story and much for a Day, it has as well the plus value it succeeds in being unbelievably apcharm. Adults and Young People. of Shirley Temple, the new child pealing. Adults and Young People.

the breath of life into actress who puts (Para.) Strikes Bulldog Drummond Hour Witching The

acting. Family. detecher Exciting inBACK (2 Oth Cent.): of hypnotic old question of Story

tive story with never a moment beAll Men Are Enemies (Fox): fluence done captivatingly and brillianttween hairbreadth escapes and hilarious ly, in spite of an outworn plot. Hucomedy. Weddingnight comedy mars man characterizations. Family, exan otherwise delightful melodrama. cept young children.

Adults. Change of Heart (Fox): Four

Manhattan Melodrama (M. college graduates in New York seeking

G. M.): Story of two boys, orphaned their fortunes form the basis for a

in boyhood, who are raised as brothers, charming and effective picture. Gaynor

and continue their devotion through and Farrell reunited. Family.

their paths take into life, although one Sweethearts Million Twenty positions idealism other of high and the: of goldenRomance (Warners)

into ways of crime. Strong cast and voiced singer on the radio. Clean and

superb direction. Adults. entertaining revue. Family.

Faces (WarMan With Two a (Fox): When it Luck Call

ners) mystery of: Melodramatic fortune a small wins "cabby"unLondon

principled husband who has hypnotic and brings his lovely young niece to actress his over wife. Clever power even to get a way he finds York, New

its production type. of Adults and Nice fleece him. with the men who

Young People. blend of fantasy and realism. Family.

(20th CenAffairs of Cellini (Warners)-. Circus Clown The

: tury) Lavish pageantry of his is in remarkable E. 1 6th Joe Brown

life court lagging century with story but tent the big trapese under work settings far interest. behind Quesin preclude unfortunate elements certain

taste tionable the entire producmars for children. its recommendation splendid. tion. Frank Morgan

Viva Villa (M. G. M.): PerAdults and Young People.

haps not historically accurate, yet Thirty Day Princess (Para.):

picture convincing, not Clever, though very Villa becomes Pancho real—

set in America, and of a princess down roisterer, sorvaliant cruel savage, yet rowing peon, worshiping his guiding when she has mumps, a double has to spirit. Adults. 'LITTLE MISS MARKER"take her place. Family.

miti*

Life Ends at Forty Yes, it is all too tragically true that And at forty there is little chance of for many life ends at forty; those who filling this mission. I bolster up my

Anonymous (Forum for April, 1934) know that three things are necessary to courage by declaring that I am enall duties—that AM a single woman of forty, and living,not a sportingknow thatchanceat offortyfindingtheythemhave ofgagedschoolin theteacher;noblestbutof I that no know

well that not I know right I am a is mission a mate. and subject one There more and ridi-—money,

feet standing the expectant with on are will thousands cule the denounce school perwho me thanI toteacher—thattaunts threshhold of life. religion, no No listing for as fect vital of the one good, type heroic money of womanhood.

brand of scientific optimism, no cheer needs. Let them denounce! I am I find some balm in letters from parleader for middle age can alter this not talking of riches—merely ofmoney ents which I read on lonely nights

conviction. For forty years I have that makes food and clothes and edutelling me how much I have helped

been literally drugged with the sentication and health and play possible. this one, or that. But behind the sucmentality which was fostered in me A few years ago I would have extolled cessful school teacher is the real me

and the principles imbedded in me so the virtues of Lady Poverty as zeal- a lonely woman in the forties who has that now at forty, through a grim deously as any of her worshipers; but failed in her real mission.

termination to be an individual and not I have turned apostate. I used to beAnd lastly, what of a woman's need

an echo of my parents, I have been lieve that "My gold is laid up in sunfor a mate? This is so elemental that

jerked out of the pleasant paths of sets, safe from thieves, and all my one hardly needs enlarge upon it. Does

sentimentalism into that realism the silver current stars,"at is in the forty life begin in this regard? No. but now

life that does not is life. I know readily I know mate make stars do not we that when with and Men a woman

begin at forty. sunsets synonymous with material of forty, and for. her the love that

I can't, of course, speak for the commodities we are lying. It is my transfigures, that makes her a flame

whole human race; many will contend experience that people who claim that dancing on a mountain top, is no

that mine is a special case, for I am a money is nonessential live on the earnlonger possible. Today the words that

spinster and a school teacher, and was ings of others. In the depression I wring my heart and bring a sob to

as a childcursed fanatically pious with lost forty are throat faced uttered those Chrismy my I am by saving—at isparents. a special case? But mine the tina with all starting Rosetti, necessity of refused religious for over who

Women today, from thirtyfive to to save for my old age. I worked scruples two men who had offered her

fortyfive, are a damned race. They hard for it and stinted myself to save their love, and regretted her folly evermay be found on every hand—impoit; and when wellintentioned friends after:

tent Rachels weeping not for their tell me to count my blessings and for- "Too late for love, children, but for their lost womanget the bank, I see red. Money is esToo late for love!

late! late! refusing tohood, for be comforted Too Too no life, sential will in and be every in my

lingered long you on the road Too is possible. thatcomfort Everything life as is woman's as she long judged

loitered the gate."at And life in tomeant has gone them up her clothes, by complexion and beautysmoke. things are shatold For them bairdress. parlor If starts a woman realize that and awaken To

tered they themselves adjust cannot and to out at forty, it is make what money must late for too is tragedy. at love—thatfortyto the new. she Exercise, dress, do? massage it. nothing can about be done And

And what is offered them? Health, everything to hide the truth that she never feel, even in my loneliness, toIexercise, diet—a sane regimen of work has reached this delectable age. The blame my parents; they wrought as

play.and Imagine such advice an for world wants if I at forty they best. thought meet them But youth—and

intelligent is person! is the youth book Where over and I in the done for a woman. vaster halls say, shall of death

willthat suggest veal for substitutes the "It pitiful a mistake. was body The for So money! much about How life?things in a an us Give woman's to taught beautirenounce you was me a second mission? woman's need—aalternative for the that joyous romance sensitive a to too thing have I purposely that use of instead ful—far word

the that foryouth monopolized; charm created intelligent for been an by God "profession,"for mission that meanswill the tides check a ebbing of I womthe sole subjugation. purpose of is for called which sent one preor or

it is love.an's possible us that Show it learned late lovely. a that was I destined. a hold that miswoman's

it isto at romantic posbe living ecstasy; not of is forty—that sion to after a look to bear thing—capabletoo and homesible to the experiences to which know the soul, the exof the but enemy rear children, intelligently, and for andevery right. a has Countless woman it."pression of the I she loves. nature man was by substiare that there nowomen know is at to course able forty Of one one to dolls cuddle wanted and whotutes these things. for I a protective develop stoicism; have little kiss boys. to avail? But what

life and I know it Being a spinster hasn't much to do I was taught that a man who would lost my venture in with the situation. I know many come courting wanted a soulunion; poets and philosophers must come towomen of forty who are married—but that the things of the body were low. my aid. I can drench myself in

who are spinsterminded, due to PuriBut now I know that a man wants in transcendentalism. I can continue to

tan upbringing. One refined, cultured, a woman a lovely body as well as shape the immortal souls of my pupils.

religious recently said to me: woman intelligence she and spirituality—for is better of honesty"Any extreme is to be the of his children. mother spair—itThe cynicismis rathernowthe minevirtueis ofnota calmdethan the ignorance and lies on which courage retained by one disappointed

let no one tell me to awake, arise,mare—II was reared.cannotMy marriageadjust—Iis a merelynightButin life. I know all this. So be it!

school myself to endure."Her curse for forty is here, and life's glorious

was that her upbringing had made her morning is dawning and I can begin to spinsterminded.: live! Like hell I can'

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934 427

static, part, is grimly holdcompletely a compensatory based upon mained Renascence at "Forty a experience a pattern scheme. I don't of behavior which Suppose ing on to

By Lucile Grenbenc in full measure the perfect union before she had established in youth, and her (Forum for June, 1934) I die? Suppose I don't have a child? rigid adherence to it had shut her out

What then? Nothing. Nothing at of many new experiences and made

(Replying to "Life Ends at Forty") all. It would be a loss, but would not further development impossible. The

in such an single the continued in degree engaged third I saw one a 1 stop at forty, myself stock of I take AS to to struggle prevent charm or of hold on growth me active my spirit,"chesthealthy find with a woman she that the mirin was experiencing of youth from magnetism new joys and hair, eyes, few a skin and nut good in the life. still is ridiculous call acle meApril almost becoming There we

heaviness trace under a crowsfeet, of battle to frost rain remain the young. her of chanics of winter washing away

the setting line a the chin from and first of the buds shy uncovering and I myself, considered night my That the folds corners to of nasal the mouth.

still is there the nature; sun awakening the reactions, in behavior, mental my I is just beginning find one whoAnd the day, every climbing higher and I to me. light come which had new life live; to suddenly has found who I in stars at night. wheeling stand As elasticity perhaps lost youth, and had full hitherto unguessed mystery of and a earth, the grass the of deep with wet I a recalled well. flexibility as and perennial like a who woman I pellucidcharm—a sense overhead, about dome I girl a had conversation with young is the preparatory just up; waking invisible an me previously, during a days few had presence—imperturbis developover; physical period the

able, impersonal, idea enan expressed she had which dispassionate—of is is spirit left the behind; comingment

I, as a unit, infinitesimal which an am first impulse tirely to and new me my its into own.

I part. at forty? ending Life have it to was dismiss been had is too what? There it—because it Money—for just that discovered begins. And challenged midhad new. my Youth its talk in these importance aboutmuch

still lies a of discovery wealth what lisinstead of superiority, and dleaged times. experience, In money, my as before me! girl this interest to what tening withsuch, conhas bearing no upon my

it. I rejected Besay, to had had had particularly intacts others, formwith to Challenge Middle of it, Age assumption I fore knew my friendships.ing holding Beauty and

ears close and superiority might my areparlors a can not be June, for (Harper's Anonymous necessity—hair things strange all the and eyes to new oneself apcreamsshampooed and by 1934) me. around in the world happening theplied soft skin for the keeping of

I I feared a child, middle I, was really? TATHEN person sort was of What is there to repulsive something—and age, for the people me, about grown submerge to going middleage Was a trying middleaged aboutme woman

all smilingly indulgent and were determination me lifelong in spite of my off to years ten or shake more. And

I I bewilled to myself never on, dull—-and wore days contrary? to the As the attention of focussingwith upon

the outward signs of appearance, all come like them. As I grew older and became more and more aware that much

realized age that that of grooves; middle symptoms in set ran behavior of my is lost.sight the of inward woman We

I life felt that were deterior- a me, upon had even age not middle my failed if has as agehave middle women all I a beaten to just could me; watch was do was toward ation replaced values.not youth's Youth wasdecay—it

it as apprehensively spirthe significant robbed of me plateau which on things better has only youth—age different state. stages static cherished of the glow itual growth had richness, tolerance. ceased—aall—understanding,has of latent youth. securthe However, egotism a of sense achieved had who We happier than have many I am who

money, for no amount of it could which saves human beings from despair, ity in our early thirties resisted any that middleage change memake me state—to any happier than I am with told

in away; I resecurity. and my youth stillI hadwasdeterfar changewould befromto riskthatour I have.what

it off I to stave mined longer than first do anyone thing must the that alized for of money; So what much now

else in the ever securworld had of done hope any to abandon wasa life? in mission like other I am

I in this I is of frame And destructive. met mind must myit. deepseated a to desire withwomen, ity,—that

fatal still fortieth felt discipline having myself impose upon to reproduce. might mean birthday—Igive—which all friends young, and seemed acceptance cheerful a aspects: one, my two is life as so in simple the notBut now

dawn of history; spiritual and mental young. of my own unimportance; two, the

factors now complicate the simple Then a curious thing happened. substitution of deliberate for unconof activity. sciousphysical process of perpetuating the My friends—three

claranalyticalthem—passed through mind with my I Ispecies. once years about look As was in maThis me ago—but evaluation ity, and of them showed my of values hospitals ofternity wards readjustment the I wonder made had

where all these poor infants with poor me new truths. One, who gave every by attacking the fundamental causes

the objecwillheritable attitudes, go. backgrounds

disappeared. In neverfatuous argument that one The appearancetivity, had setof intomentala mold;and physicalshe did notacoftionablemiddle-agedsymptoms knows

only seemed I superiority another of or Beethoven to losing Edisonwhen any longer—she may think own sense my

think because expressshe so forcefully leaves able tobe found, being of the advantage For myself, found me cold.

I would rather continue sterile than ed the ideas she had been thinking for listen receptively to the ideas of others

Another, divorced years before that there theto iota to aggregate of years. I found young. add by one and

a resentful and adopting attitude tomediocrity express a biosimply art management in the efficient to-—oldwas an

logical urge in me which can be diverted ward men, had for fifteen years reof middleaged life—that of doingto other channels. To have a child nothing merely from force of habit

merely for the sake of having one is but only from a driving interest. Now,

egotism. Clouds chronologically, I have passed though

And now the mate problem! So By Fern Rose McBride middle age, but I believe I have escaped

far as possibilities at forty, of marriage

Rachel the need not* sit down in ash T LIKEFloatingfluffy,'gainstgentlethe cloudsquiet blue reorganizationits destructiveness.of theThetimerapidhas socialmade

heap and mourn; there is every possiAnd the tinted ones that linger flexibility necessary, and only those

bility of marriage for ten years yet; When the sun is through. who are alert and vital, who are curiall life, asdesirable elastic to enough permanently are not ous about men

all of the shapes colors But and livis there similateannexed. and suppose of thinking But ways no new man the nicest kind To

still alteredfor ing, forty. to the Life does themselves adjust can of woman Is the like our troublesme,clouds—which it? future withface end. thenot circumstances should. and whole The Why silverlined. often Are

of existence, of which marriage is only out fear. I can.

his It conversion is surprising came duty. do their about through the members New Form of Teachers'testimony of the are there boy. of us how many who feel

Messages Three weeks after the first meeting that that job is beyond the ability of

BEGINNING with this issue the hehe washas baptizedbeen an andactivefor andthirtyfaithfulyears thefollowordainedthroughTeacherwith tosomemaster.otherIfpaswe

monthly message for Ward member. In the past eight years, he sages of Section 84 we will find that

Teachers will appear in the Eta said, he has done Temple work for the Lord says: "And if any man

in the short form which proved more than seven hundred of the dead. among you be strong in the spirit, let

to be so popular when in use some him take with him him that is weak, ago.months will the plan This be all in meekness, be edified he may by Ordained thatuntil further notice. in Teaching message The also. that strong Therehe become may

its present to form is intended be used are fore, those take Teachers with you who as the basis only for the visit of the ordained unto the Lesser Priesthood,

Teachers to the homes of the Saints. Assignments for Ordained and send them before you to make apIt contains the ideas intended for use Teachers pointments and to prepare the way and

by the Teachers, not the words or exgISHOP SMITH: If you have been to fill appointments that you yourselves

pressions. Best results are obtained studying carefully your Priesthood are not able to fulfill. Behold, this is

where the message as printed in the Eta will reports, in ancient activity find apostles that that the the mine you way is studied carefully apby someone built is that of one lacking days unto the ordained most up Church my pointed for the purpose then disand inthe feel that let every Teachers. stand Therefore, me. Lord man We

cussed before the at Teachers Ward his in his labor in just tended that he do we should what own own office and the regular monthly meeting. Those said should be done in Section 20 of calling, and let not the head say unto?

present can then, by individual study the Doctrine and Covenants, which is the feet, it hath no need of the feet, of the message, prepare themselves present spirit. it in the proper A hurto asto watchfollows:over "Thethe ChurchTeachers'alwaysdutyandis bodyfor withoutbe able tothestand.feet, howAlso, shallthe bodythe

ried reading in an attempt to memorize be with and strengthen them, and see hath need of every member that all may the words or to pick out the central that there is no iniquity in the Church, be edified together, that the system may thought is not sufficient. Careful, neither hardness with each other, be kept perfect."

prayerful if study is required real the evil neither lying, backbiting, demonstrations nor have and We believe, the visitspurpose of is to be accomclearly speaking, the that the church meet and see proven wisdom of carrying plished. The message is intended to together often, and also see that all the (Continued on page 433)

furnish foundation for such study.

Summer Teaching Ward Teachers'Message, August, 1934

TN some instances Ward Teachers apPtepated by OSCAR W. McCONKIE, Undet Appointment of the Ptesiding

pear to have the impression that beBishoptic cause some of the Church organizations representation councils other in theadjourn for there should the summer Finite vs. Infinite or

to seek repeal or of the Church: modialso be a vacation from teaching. At

a time when other groups are inactive The Divine Plan fication of revealed truth; or to hedge

infinite, divine the about left areand to members themselves will—the LatterChrist Jesus of of Church is finite to subvert with God's wisdom is T'HE than themore during season winter

the is precisely Saints * day what to purposes proclamation of and makethe time the responsibility of when

Christ's implies, Jesus towit: name divine. the superiority over human isthe greatest. Priesthood There is no

latter established with in days Church, illegitimate, is of thought born Thevacation for is the It Priesthood.

charged with the responsibility of lookthe Lord administering its affairs recalcitrance.

but faldivinely commissioned throughing after Saints, the for not some lible representatives. Notwithstandingspecial period all of the year at The People's Voice but

authorized these weaknessestimes. teaching is as imhuman Summer

disciples Being of the Divine may beIt is thinkable that divine inspiraasportant teaching season. at any other come, through obedience, chosen of tion may not support human judgment

God, and may be prophets, seers and in an individual choice, but even then

Fifteen Year Old Teacher revelators, worthy and fully commisthe appointment having been made by the appointee, authorized in duly all one to teach to officiate and Wins Convert sioned accepted and approved by the when the spiritual Church. needs of the Such

TN a fast meeting in one of the wards is the divine plan and is consonant with vote of the Church, becomes God's of Ensign stake recently striking God. anointed and divinely approved and,

evidence of the effectiveness of Ward proportionate to his faithfulness, is

Teaching by young men was given The Lode Star magnified in the discharge of duty.

by one of the speakers. He related In the Church there are no honorary Thus, whether one responds to direct

the circumstance surrounding his own offices or dignities or stereotyped formrevelation or to the human judgment conversion to "Mormonism"in Gerulas. All appointments are made of commissioned authority, it is the

many more than thirty years ago. His pursuant to divine authority and all same. Each is the vofce of God. It is

first contact with the Church came its activities respond to divine inspiraso with questions of doctrine and when, during a visit to the home of a tion. The Church being Christ's His policy. For example, when the people

friend the "Mormon"Teachers called. will, as made known through the of the Church approved and adopted

One was an Elder of advanced age. prayer of faith, is satisfying. The the Manifesto, monogamy became as

His companion was a fifteen year old Lord's will, not man's, is the lode star, binding law upon all the people of the boy. Although both participated in and no refinement of argument can Church as though it had been written

the conversation the speaker stated that make it otherwise. To demand group by the finger of God.

; \wBgj sill iMsi

v.:;<l'?g;Stlllllllll mm i::llllilll|l:jl fflK iHillllllll

Adult Aaronic 'Priesthood spiration(This oflessonthe ifHolygivenSpiritunderwillthehaveinDoc.hood andof Aaron,Cov., pagealso 297.Priesthood,See PriestMel-

Lessons a convincing and converting influence chizedek, page 297. History of the

on the members of the class who are Church, Vol. I, footnote, page 40.

T/?e Improvement Era for June seeking a testimony.) Gospel Doctrine, pages 204, 206, 209,

first seven lessons 211, 213, 223, 236, 242, 244, 245,INwere printed the in a course outlined for adult memReferences 246 and 250.

bers of the Aaronic Priesthood by

Elder George W. Skidmore of Logan, Mediation and Atonement by John Lesson Twelve

Gospel Taylor. by Roberts, Chs. The with used by him Utah, and now being

1. has the made Lord Show how 4. 2, 3 and in the success Ninth unusual Logan

chilto Will His His mind and known to stake. 8 Lessons of Cache ward

earliest until earth dren time from on Lesson this Ten published month. 12 are The now. until series each continue will month

2.i 1. eight six, seven, Faith, Article Lessons of Ninth Review "We are lessons full course, the com52

all class all exrevealed, having believe nine. that had has and (The God also are lessons being pleted. These

reveal, as in believe Five perience that review Lesson does and of we He now section in serially the published Church if handled, will reveal will great properly that yet he commence, and many

. is that It urged the of Deseret News. the questions. to pertaining things ask answer to Members important and

classes in for responsible adult those of aids can the of or be of committee God."Kingdom lessons the save the Priesthood Aaronic

assistance 3. Revelations, in the Discuss explain review.) and appear. as they

19. verses 22, Chapter 18 and

Lesson Eight Lesson Eleven 4. Give scriptural evidences that

will continue to reveal His mind God to and will men. 1. Suffering and Death of Jesus 1. Mission, Authority and Calling

Peter, of James and John. Christ. (Brief.) Inspiration—Revelation. 2. we know What of Jesms Christ. 2. Resurrection of the class, or any of Melchizedek. 5.6. DiscussHave officers

Melchizedek 3. Restoration o f visitors others fulfilled. or Prophecy present-—members Priesthood. to testify to their prayers having been 3. Resurrection of Mankind. Priest- 4. Aaronic Review briefly answered. lesson will be (Brief.) (An entire

devoted to the Resurrection. See Leshood. (This lesson is given at this time

son 37.) 5. Why two Priesthoods? to engender faith in the members of

6. Duties and Privileges class, of those the that to Himself 4. of God revealed Advent Adam and Eve.

Priesthood. holding the Aaronic the Prophet Joseph 5. Smith which acEden. Garden of

7. Privileges Duties of those and in the inspiration for the counts Pro- 6. Death. Eve. Fall of and Adam

Priesthood. holding the Melchizedek his the phet in 7. of translating beFaith, Article of work Third "We

8. those for Reverence holding poto leading of Lesson of the up that lieve Book Mormon, through Atonement

Christ, all mankind may be saved, by sitions of Responsibility in the Priest13.)

obedience to the laws and ordinances hood.

of the Gospel."(It is not intended (Topics 6 and 7 should be given to References

Bishopric. a of the class by member all the treatise detailed of a to give here Gen. 1:2730; 2:1625; 3:7-23;

generalize. to outlined subjects but the 17:1-8; 12:1, 26:2-5; 15:7; 6:13; References is the third placed be to Emphasis on 28:1025; Ex. 3:6-16; 28:1. NumArticle Faith.) of 7:4-7; 49:1114; bers Doc. Cov. Deut. and 17:7; 27:1823; 34:9;

References 128:10, 11. Bible Dictionary, pages Mark 3:14; John 15:16; 17:18;

84, 90, 103, 120. Mark 3:37; Matt. 20:21,22,23. See references in ComMatthew, Mark, Luke and John. 17:1; Mark 9:2; Luke 9:27, 28. pendium, pages 24, 25. These refer

Genesis. Pearl of Great Price. Matt. 26:36, 37. Acts 12:1, 2'; to the Bible, Book of Mormon and

Gal. 1:19. Epistles of James. Matt. Doctrine and Covenants. Read lecture

Lesson Nine 4:21, 22. Index and Concordance of 1 6 in Article of Faith by Talmage.

1. Review briefly The Fall of

Adam. 2. The Atonement Explained.

Why necessary.

3. The Resurrection explained.

Literal. 4. General Salvation through the

Atonement. 5. Individual Salvation Through

the Atonement and by obedience to the

Laws and Ordinances of the Gospel.

6. Second Article of Faith, "We believe that men will be punished for

their own sins, and not for Adam's

Transgression."

7. Interweave and review briefly

what has been given in previous lessons concerning Faith, Repentance,

Baptism and Laying on of Hands for Left to right:EMIGRATIONLament Stevens,WARD VANGUARDS,Mark Ward, MorrisVANBALLChristensen,CHURCHHulbutCHAMPIONS,Keddington,193334Burt Keddington,

the Gift of the Holy Ghost. Roy Johnson, Leader; John Reeve, Lyle Ward, Aaron Fagergren, Adalbert Whitaker.

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934

Immigration Ward Vanguards larlyOurthroughactivitiesthe aresummer.carried onWe reguplay presidencieswards are responsible.of stakes and Webishopricsfeel sureof

Excel in Priesthood Activity baseball for recreation. that if you carry it forward systematicThe boys have become so chummy ally and thoroughly, you will get fine

as Well as in Sports that they are almost inseparable. They results in reclaiming boys who need

attention. togreatest together, together, sing play our work in Aaronic stake theT EADING

teachers, gether, not are in ward and Lj Holding Boy Boy 85% Men Work—in activity, engaging Priesthood

together. partners, older with but that the be asked to have men We the observing teaching 100%,ward

ineligiclass the will of be Six selected boys supervisors be as should ward enevery member of Wisdom,Word fall, activities this ble for this qualified best are the Vanguard for men who leading the School inrolled and Sunday three the it including of vanball advisin the members think ward. work We of I. activities areclass in some A. M.

fine select spoil team. the than Rather the able that chumbishopric should Emigration the ofthe achievements

I spirit exists that sending qualified to best are and win my am men now who in Vanguards, Stake, LibertyWard, is the to Priestin every 17 influence the the Aaronic boys boy who Men M the Churchwide toaddition winning years will leave of withcall age. us hood. This them boy We men—men report vanball. a In inchampionship

player. vanball experienced out an the the welfare of young have who requested activities group, the of theof

I this close report feel they without that at heart. not must when men We L. Johnson, the Era, (Roy) A.by

in things well saying deserved a are selected about retained few be they should followthe includes leader,Vanguard of called this to been Mrs. has position back She Johnson. not some and

ing: is this in position. and without other opportunity work There me 100%, is completely Club Vanguard "Our

class fine is her help cooperation in this our there for and as nogood work PresiPresident, Viceaorganized with it like else. convert to could have accomplished not what would where We Athletic Treasurer, Secretary,dent,

has. fine the this training of these to that men, viewpoint: Ray you Through Captain. andMgr. Team

if dethe kind, are right are Keddington, have they the worthy Vanguards a in carried are meetings on "Our all efforts are veloped their greatest in respect chorus a that proud the of we with businesslikedignified manner and of, call singing the ourselves to train the the and of Aaronic now young men all until busiofficersclass conducting is a these Priesthood. of preparation Vanguards. Every Vanguard memThe is is time the transacted,ness when

is ber chorus. the their of the in Priesthood boys work lesson for work. toturned over me

is this Class the greatest in Slogan Church. the of work Our men are class and meetings openedOur the to give the right judge leaders people will of future the be "We They to have prayer. aim withclosed We spirit if the us personal apconduct of get the our they by and Church a month. testimonya meeting once

I said repeatedly Priesthood. pearance."have testimonies is fineIt surprising what

is leadership. thing that the important

I these meetconsider bear.the boys

it. success without can be There no Book Remembrance of I best.ings recommend of our some

is is leadership there there poor Where leaders.this break idea to other To

is inactivity. Awards there usually good Where

I deinthe have brought monotony it fails leadership, success in with never professionaltectives, aviators, other and for of Remembrance Book WARDS A is It serious for a conboys. matter

interestthe given boys have "men who activities this are for year now that sideration. to us has come Word

talks.ing Deseret the available through Book are doing instances in some men who

social once sort of plan some "We East Temple, South 44 Company, fine in Priesthood the Aaronic work partfor and thea Vanguards month sheets covers Salt City. and Lake The positions. are other to For changed

is the vanball seasonners. that are Now for complete with 60c, each book instance, of heard one man young we

story, retold are takingover up we all coat awards. recommended The suas splendid doing work was who

for material our gleaningmusic, and to of with emblems comaward arms the pervisor in quorums. of He one

scrapbooks.individual plete the Deacons and Priests released to second counawards was become

ago, three years organizing "Since this separately for year, when purchased sure in the selor A. I am M. I. Ward

in the of the boys have hadwe 90% 10c. cost is losing that taking the out by ward

class. averenrolled in our Ourward position of the can he where him out

ofage attendance been has over 85% these exercise directly his influence with the Strengthening Program total thethe enrollment of Sunday the fine as a supervisor of young men activiPriesthood AaronicSchool. In the Church for Young of Men another there Priesthood. was Then

teacher's Emigration ofty the quorum acthe secured had young man who Presiding Bishop of Remarks (From Stake. leads Liberty MembersWard the in practically every tivity of boy at Sylvester Aaronic Cannon Q. in distinction troop the haveof won this released from was quorum, who Priesthood Convention contests, oratorical school, operas,high assistant in the to. ward work become 7, October 1933)etc. superintendency. School Sunday Some

tardy absent or from the Aaronic not been I have this \AAINTAINING promotion. is a

-LVJofficer's meeting, or Mutual prayer real service as - hood Correlation as far Plan—PriestWe Ipeopledo notmaythinkthinkit is

meeting in three years. I have missed would like to say to you that we think and real blessings are concerned. It is

but one Union meeting. this Aaronic Priesthood correlation the benefit of the individual young man

The boys were the only class in our plan should not be sidetracked in any we are concerned about. Let us select

Mutual to pay the Mutual fund withWay. It is just as important now as the best qualified men we have for these

out outside help, turning in 100% it was when it was first presented. All positions and then leave them there

fifteen days after the opening. They the people who have charge of boys and let them develop in these positions.

also sold 100% Gold and Green Ball of the ages 12 to 20 years should be We heard in one of our recent contickets. there. That is, besides the bishopric, ventions from one chairman of the

We are the one class in our Mutual the Aaronic Priesthood supervisors Aaronic Priesthood Committee who to make a financial success of an entershould be there, representatives of each has been in that work for six years in tainment, selling $43.00 in tickets for of the Mutual, Sunday School, etc., the ward. The work he has accomour musical, enough to pay our regisshould be there and every other person plished is remarkable. It is something

tration at Scout headquarters, and buy in charge of boys between the ages that cannot be done in a week, six seventeen uniforms. stated, so that they may work with months, or a year. It takes years and

Not a member of our class uses toinactive boys and prepare them to take when they have the spirit of it, it bacco, or strong drinks, and they boast active part in the Church. This corgrows on them as they work in it.

about it. relation plan is a plan for which the (Continued on page 433)

.::...

::.:...:w.:.,: '*

;a.

>,.':''

tk; a!\ "y ''W:'-"W "til *:,,...;;,|;;xTr:> '!'|;.!:;;-y:>5::;:j * <f l.,,., *! v.: fcW'-iil 1:1: y S,fcs | 1;: % wKrsMw;:.;#, Jl 1I:*'Si;';3 1.iltk sj;?ii t: r,-;.;t% l

fgtftAY CTt? i S seakestt.tk F.-MV T.Vffi;> iUW r*l? STAKE iESift&W-J&A ra? n STS;:S

:'.: -. Hsev '7 / ( / '4fy YRM ONE8M T 'if.: *% '?, 'v- Q 3 LPi M m*No sHi y 5 8jiN$HSC* 7 tsmofMis 5* smWvsa ill:?&ii.S 1**TO? 'OfZii BEAR UiKE % i i i i? MflGUnCH Jim UiNT4i 7 %5 30 M Ktl>- X R. BEAR i*AfKSWAN i jmmi 56 5 UNJO* 5 m 7

, 8A*ER.? KASAB

''!: /a; c 2> BENSON ISBtOt POOiTBXO WASATCH 4? 83 WfrHCRJJ UTHBRf&GE

; jC pwweu? s z'lV to WAYE:; h 5;: 8tSfiRWC#

: LSSI: 8tVB> RSFT WEBEfe 1 i% *H

,:BUg'li U8S8TY 5f.rr. \ l d;:T 3.14f 11.43

. 1 LOGS* ROOSEVItT 2 2? AT 5J0:-OX''

'ssvai 1 lgs? ii tm& WPZ&Jlr 8E8,: J tH 1! (Z 4 O S5

:: 3 Bi*ftJU i,!$..: / Losssaetss -&wzt$c L'.OWSTO& 4- $&Lt&m 53 '\ZT, 5 2 *& 2 5 z 50 ''? <K:''8 m. ST., CACHE; UTMAS 7 S-E0R8E... i':'s fc to f Z4.% 46;;m;2AS0N,MiS.tA5 JtHfiS'ST. ( 'Y '<J..: f>tf -?fIf if 110 "i 2* C 31 Vtssfaam fi Z?'SASSIA j ij MABICOKS.SX JOSEPH 1 1 'MlSSsdSA'7 5 H ta. ii j 4

: "COTTONWOOD MiiLmn JUAH cfa.#dR**sA 4* 'jf 72:.. 30 7 7 v ii. at 3 4; -: - ff #; cuRifesr iNiixc* LUIS S<SM I CAMSMffi 4$ 23 2 if ''1.? /r!m --5'MOftS* 'SIES S5SERT:7 *j 35::.mvm.$w.w -f 1 5 ifc | 3 *7 25 S< -:; HCNrtPEUER SSUd*gS86 *} smnaa fe.--. 4'usmtm&Mis 35 /G"zo 71 rf 6riS

'JOftCAN EAST iSS& $H$Mt JfQ n 15 J.73 2,1 3 vv M8 3::'7:. '*v 3".;.;..(, moso-H&mm SHky SHOWFiE in. tf: 32 14 13 m\<mm,mmmwm iim **!. s -"V/

. m. <iCxn fcfis SOUTH Ef#jiB Vt 22 20 15 mmmm.mm 1322MB a, s* II "* south / states:2 w 1 DAVISsmmm:/2 53 51?'i mwiuH 5J 7 2 3 1 3 m mmhevasa sgieR igs*qHf SOUTH &"i 'iimtiwmmmmmmkm 3 50 /2 &-&51 27 5-uH 8 5 z I 1

. D*VSS: '4 i.3. 1 oarfiew WSTH 'SftBtWUJEV 1f \ few tRHiimu 51 zi /I 2 /C5 23m -ItSJAt: f 1 T i 27 2? 5 25 21:% if KORTHSAHPgTiiM 5l *? ISOBTR SflStS mtESV.5 i #?r, 56 syMMitrmm 'IB f2 7 1 8Mtl?Em$m i | 1 *?

;. u!!,-|- '1, north TAYUJR ywsan jC 12 SEVIEKwmm 15 18 I Kr\,>/*%m\H (T H; TSMPA1SOGAS *?*>... 4- o&mM:..,*if:0 ii. fC 2/ 22:z.yx,:x\%iMk -::.;::'':-'. 5 i 2 2:r":"".\:'f 34 4 fi *-L. Aj

>?#- * - * 9 e ar? jf:: #p;.;:;:p;;.'i;;;i:ll 5il:'l::i:: W- ififfiH w

June Conference Flashes By HENRY A. SMITH

the President Church, stated Grant before to problems the gen- I. June A. of M.flNOTHER inspired twice the souls of all its recent "Attitudes board in who eral the into Conference has gone

annals of history and there listened with the magnitude of his of Youth"survey, were given by testimony of the truth of the Gosfour persons, each well qualified forremains the pleasant sensation of having seen history in its making. pel of Jesus Christ. His especial this duty. The messages called for

Youth and their perplexing message to the conference seemed to a high standard of morality and

I. A. leadersproblems were given a full conbe that there was no doubt in his made an appeal for M.

the truth of the to of their Gospel meet youth on own or mindsideration their demands and all impress to fact and the grounds. patient upon tolerant Be and desires, say, anwereshould we that it that their in inexperiChurch and God's was youth, with who affirmativelyswered, and some

stray, ence while the Gospel facing might seem to be insurmountman negatively. timesome The entire Jesus Christ of never in able obstacles again their preswould making general sessions was givenof two be taken from the earth. ent day social life conform with theover to youth, one featuring the

young people themselves and the President Anthony W. Ivins and ideals of their religion, was the

other featuring discussions by genPresident J. Reuben Clark, Jr., also message of importance from this

eral board members on the perimpressed the delegates assembled meeting. The speakers were SecSunday afternoon, with the values ond Assistant General Superinplexing problem of youth and reof personal testimonies of the Gostendent Melvin J. Ballard, Oscarligion.

pel the that promises and director executive of Kirkham, youth A.

briefly. pause pause That We themselves I. of the a cermight Professor F. A.; Joseph know M. decideis to in our minds which was

the the tainty truth of of the of Gospel Smith, Y. I. A. gen- M. M.the feature outstanding the of conference just closed. In our mind's as revealed to the Prophet Joseph eral Board, and Elsie T. Brandley,

associate Smith. editor of ImproveThe tall, ineye to see the we seemed

a ment Era of the and member three thousand or more T'HE figurespiring President M. of Heber

I. general Y. board. A. M. W. leaders the forcibly I. A. reminded and areJ. Grant who attended

that perhaps never before at a general session Saturday morning, The inspired voices of more than

Mutual Conference have we been June 9, in the Assembly Hall, will 3,000 singers lifted in perfect so thoroughly impressed with the long remember the inspiration and unison under the magic baton of leadership of this man. the message of that meeting. Four that wizard of choral conducting,

Standing before the assembled talks at this meeting, each a gem of Noble Cain, swelled the hearts of

M. I. A. delegates from all parts real value and designed as an answer many thousands to overflowing in

432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934 a magnificent performance Saturthis was made so due to the fact a. Definition: A declaration or

day evening, June 9. that for the first time all of the affirmation to support a fact.

This great festival chorus, the manuals for next year's study were b. In a religious sense one cannot

a celestial glory withoutpick of singing talent from all parts prepared and availed for the June receive or be in the of Jesus testimony of the Church, exceeded in number conference department sessions, first resurrection. Doc. and

the one held two years ago, but it adding to the value and the inCov. 76:5179.

would be hard to distinguish beterest in discussion at the meetings. c. A testimony is worth more than

tween the two for quality of perlife itself, for John saw the souls assembled members LA. the testifor that those died great took offormance. The chorus, "N/4"'a tremendous themselves upon 20:4. Jesus. Rev. of mony stakestrained in their and divisions

and then rehearsed under the task when they aligned themselves d. By the testimony of one man

of a wholebaton of Mr. Cain, reached the with the forces of traffic control in Jonah—the people

saved. Jonah, city Chap. were the effort reduce to correlated a a great before perfectionessence of

3. fatalities accidents and of number filled theaudience Tabernacle that the in the are and Church to e. We reckless driving and caused byto overflowing. testhe of because Zion of Land for safer driving automobile make Smith. of Joseph timony the fact perhaps that this was all"THE concerned. of Essentials History, (Church

last year of contest participation "Be not only careful yourself as Church History, Whitney's Hisin the cultural fields, did not drivers but see that others are caretory, One Hundred Years of dampen the ardor of those who ful"was the admonition given. It Mormonism.")

reached the grand final events in all resolves itself into a "three- f. Salvation of the individual and

Salt Lake. Participation in each toot"campaign. The presence of the strength of the Church rests

testimony. individual on the is field of attained a standard officer high and member an I. A. M. testimony. personal g. Give interunusual violating that quality bespoke driver to a made known 8. That Chorus—"I Know My Reest the these traffic in events throughout the sounding laws, by any Lives."deemer

stakes and wards during the year. of three short "toots."The drive 9. Prayer, by Patriarch if present.

Winners in all events were outis on now.

in various the of another masters standing At the conclusion feast, Brigham Young and the to the truly a spiritual a credit great conference, fields and

Churchwide system of cultural we feel more deeply our debts of Gift of Tongues participation in which more than gratitude to General SuperintendEditor, Improvement Eta, 50,000 people have achieved honent George Albert Smith of the Salt Lake City, Utah.

ors during the past year. The Y. M. M. I. A. and President Ruth Dear Sir:

contest winners were: May Fox of the Y. W. M. I. A. T AM writing to you in relation to an

Original dance, Fred Slater and and the host of inspired men and incident that happened in the life of

Leta Brazier, of the Eighteenth women who comprise the general President Brigham Young, in the early ward, Ensign stake; gold and green boards. Their wisdom and foresettlement of Utah; and of which I find

History. Along in Church mention no fitness particular their sight, waltz, tango Mrs. and Mr. and Ray

Sr., Fox., Jesse who about 1890, W. the leaders and of of as young of the ward Oakland men Rockwell surprincipal the early days in was is felt stake; more the of Francisco drama, the Church by San women settlements, North both Utah's of veyor

the Long Beach ward of Los Ankeenly by us with another personal and South, accompanied President geles stake, who presented "The contact at a great conference in Young on his trips and laid out the

Conflict"with Mrs. K. M. ChrisSalt Lake. principal towns of our state. Brother

tensen, Rex Richards, Laverne Fox related to me about the time above

Stallings and Loraine Johnson as Sunday Evening Joint mentioned, that he had heard President talk occasions three or on two Young cast; public the of members Men August Program for M tongue. in their the Indians to own Syracuse speaking, Walker, Myron

1. different times Was at Indians were The Song—Congregation—"What stake; the Davis North ward of settling in the Heavens?"Witnessed to the quite Mormons opposed

Gleaner Girls public speaking, Miss 2. Prayer. Southern Utah. President Young Wilma Salisbury of Independence, 3. Solo—"The Seer."often said, "It is better to feed the InMo., representing the Central 4. Individual testimony by young man dians, than to fight them."And in

States mission; Vanguard retold (5 minutes). order to carry out this policy a numstory, Jay Ashton, of Gooding, 5. Individual testimony by young girl ber of talks were had with the Indian

Idaho, representing the Blaine (5 minutes). chiefs. It was in these talks that Presquartette—"Nearer My God ident Young had the "Gift of stake; and the Junior girl retold 6. Male

Thee."made manifest. Tongues"

is a Testimony I had with Jesse story, Miss Norma Price, of Phoe- 7. toAddress—"What The conversations

nix, Arizona. Worth?"W. Fox were at the old County Court

Many hundreds of delegates to (Note: The following is a sugHouse, corner 2nd South and 1st West.

the conference were guests of the gestive outline, but suggestive only. At that time I was County Collector

M. I. A. at a reception and lunchThis subject requires great thought, for Salt Lake County. Brother Fox

eon held Friday evening at Saltair, study and research. It should be often came in my office and related to

where a delicious lunch was served treated under the influence of prayer. me many incidents of the early settleand the crowd packed the pavilion If so treated it will hold attention ment of Utah.

these the audience years ago them to twelve and move Some ten or dance hall to capacity to witness of forcibly attitude. References a spiritual were brought conversations

the finals in both the original and look up the word "testimony"in to my mind while reading the Church contest dances. the index and concordance of the History by Roberts. In Volume 2,

Department sessions this year Bible, Book of Mormon, and Docpage 381, I find the following: The

were usually outstanding. Perhaps trine and Covenants.) Prophet Joseph Smith says, "I saw

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934 433

Brigham Young standing in a strange tongues"being used by Brigham land in the far South and West in a Young to appease the anger of men of Ward Teaching desert place in the midst of about a color, (the Indians), in the far South (Continued from page 428) appeared of West. and dozen men color who jh -< spoke angry. Brother to them Young This vision was given to the Proin their own tongue."In reading this phet in Kirtland, Ohio. Kanab would out these instructions, that it is a good

vision of the prophet, the incidents of correspond to the place described. thing to take these young men during

our early history, as related to me by Yours truly, the two years they are expected to serve

Brother Fox, were brought to my mind L. G. Hardy, as ordained teachers and send them into

quite forcibly. Also, Jesse W. Fox, 1984 So. 7th East. the homes of the Church where the

Jr., stated to me when I asked him if members are in good standing. They

he had ever heard his father mention are not missionaries expected to go into hearing of Brigham Young talk in the homes where there may be contentongues to the Indians, that he had Contrasts tion, but to the homes of faithful memheard his father mention that he had bers of the Church where they will be on several occasions. By Helena May Williams treated with kindness and consideration.

About a year ago I got in conversaLet them go into the homes of this kind in the timer tion with was an old who is blue, dear. results. if get you will say, and my We

in our state southern part of 1870 it's clouds as TODAYExcept thefor skyfleecy call teaching clear. you done, good want your

a missionary. This man was Caleb D. The trees today are red and gold, ordained teachers and have them do it.

air is cold. too year. balmy, not his in Brinton, 84th He The now a carefully Give them prepared program

late fall flowers in glory nod. The talkat the of After was Kanab. town and send into the teach. them homes to

care seed I gather each pod. with wee Indian about ing Elder Brinton with

leaves they as the children laugh The affairs that finding at that he time, and red, are are their rough, hands cheeks Their

I the wellposted, scuff. } < obtained was quite this for gorgeous sing they laugh and But

following affidavit from him; of which day this is a copy: That is most lovely of all they'd say. Aaronic

"September 15th, 1932. Yes, the sky is blue, the sun shines down,

"Salt Lake City. But to my poor heart it seems to frown. Priesthood

flowers, too, the look The Concern: This "To It May Whom (Continued from page 430J are of you. eyes thinking For mytrees certify is to undersigned, the that in

is & I've dull,dim—I'mdullest ever the This day known, 4 connection Jacob with and Hamblin it's heart has vanished, though And my

at located Tenney, were Ammon a just loan,-—Kanab, Utah, as missionaries, when For you've gone. No Summer Slump

President Brigham Young, in connection with Jesse W. Fox, Sr., visited Today the sky is gray, my dear. HPHERE should be no summer slump

the town. The clouds are hovering very near. in Aaronic Priesthood activities.

"Black Hawk, an Indian Chief, also The trees are bare, the flowers have gone, The Presiding Bishopric have recomsome other chiefs were camped near The north wind has swept the snow along mended that under no conditions there. Black Hawk and his followers Till drifts are piled high up in the streets. should quorum or class work be disout, soul meets. a goes If one he not at year. continued the of any time for the 'warpath'been had on some

in stay, children to houses have The Meetings every should held be week time, dePresident and was Young it's play. to cold too to run out For much during the year. the In with summer sirous of of view meeting with a him the moaning, howling Today, and wind

I. session, schools the of out A. M. to to as understanding coming some come, has

peaceful settling of the south part of And the snow's seemed like a pall to some. only partly in operation and a general

the state. Yes, the sky is gray, the clouds are near, "letdown"in normal activities, temp-

"Jacob Hamblin, an Indian interBut to me the day seems very clear. tations increase. The quorum should

preter, was with the party, and while I can almost see the sun in the sky be the anchor of every boy and young the birds waiting to fly. wing on And in It the serve should Church. man the to they trying parley were with

is first years, bright in This day my a influence steadying he needs when chiefs, President to commenced Young first that I've forgotten day The my as it most. Bishoprics supervisors and their to talk in tongue, them and own tears, should vitalize the program and make continued so a to for time of period do come. you've For

it attractive ever than during more the toestimated be or 30 minby 20 me utes. This incident was quite a sursummer period.

prise to all of us, as we knew that

President Young did not know their language. "At the beginning of this talk, the

Indians manifested considerable anger.

However, at the conclusion of this parley, the Indians seemed to be appeased; for shortly after this incident,

the Black Hawk War, as it was termed, ended.""Witness: "L. G. Hardy.

"Resident—No."Caleb D. Brinton,5, Bodell Aprs.,

"155 North Main Street, "Salt Lake City, Utah.

The foregoing narration seems to me to be of sufficient interest to publish as a faithpromoting incident, as it verifies the vision the Prophet Joseph JUNIOR GIRLS WHO WERE GARLAND BEARERS, MARKING OFF LANE FOR PROCESSION OF

Smith had in relation to the "gift of QUEENS AT P0CATELL0 STAKE GOLD AND GREEN BALL

M. I. fl. ACCOMPLISHMENTS DURING MONTH OF APRIL

4-> i to O c *>. ".a EQ 5 w.2 H Ec M> c< o 23U T3 q to to <M fa ha;* l hO J3 O 3 >S3s >> > c < 4->a 03 >> 01 43 of people in Stake P No. T3 > of people in. No a m

02 *- 5+J o 3 Standard reaching u o T3 A Stali participat- e ap

DO receiving recogfa and 3 * a C aJTl in contest ing B -(J w ofa H ""+*a at nition Stake H Honor +3 U fnl- "Oi the in M work J3a toa siP, - 03 1 13 '> follow in ing the Ol Day 13 events uo lowing -si 01M OJ.a 03 a to 0JO a events o * H-S o>.C o 13T3 O au & to to STAKES H"t 01M ffl. > H 1 W

. ca) * gqc o 4)ac

o*-! 0!S 6 o3S "0 a TS at o (am T3s COO s 0)CO 0)

0) m H 3 otfl 14 siSU hi a WPh oi fa to 3 to to to fasi 5 o toa ita u 3* toa itp toa toa.5:.S ">.5'> "> '3 'to aV '> 0)S i-io i o3E3 ol 9 a0!3 li Ed P. 55 fl *M 03.5

,3 >> o O P-i i>i 8 sl p. fc A3 faQ OSup Q a!O 0.W j d 6 d o o d 6 d g o oo CO8 s

55 tn Jsm pj X % % II a Z< 4 3 1 5 3 3 2 2 4 2 2 3 12Alberta

Alpine 6 6 4 6 5 26 41 49 | 57 72 44 10 11 13 22 71 6 6 15 6 14 5 7 5 58 15 3 32 7 2 35 1 3 1| 5 15 7 12 66 48Bear Lake 11 5 10 12 14 10 22 7 9 45 12 5 10 10 7 6 5 17 25 10 50 8 12 114 | 15 12 RiverBear 2 24 3 74 6 103 6 5 7 7 27 5 39 5 4 6| 29 7 9 37 33 16 14Benson 2 4 2 2 8 4 2 3 14 10 13 8 2Blaine 4 13 13 36 101 57 10 1 13 47 8 12 5 4 2 8| 14 28 14 13Box Elder 3 | 3 30 90 25 8 18 4 20 5 24 1 7 12 18 20 10 8 8 56 52Cache 5 4 8 6 3 IS 30 3 5 24 6 49 9 10 J 17 69 53 5 22 13Carbon

| 7 7 6 44 9 8 46 6 11 16 4 16 18 9 3 11 68 68 16 12Deseret 20 4 5 3 56 4 4 16 10 5 6 23 53 10Emery 8 30 27 11 25 1 21 101 15 39 48 45 231 10 51 22 48 35 8 8 8Ensign

Franklin 11 8 11 3 7 5 10 10 43 53 15 32 91 86 34 15 16 5 13 1 2 12 10 9 49

Fremont 14 1 10 13 42 135 51 57 156 49 22 15 16 11 47 2 10 6 28 14 14 33 4 2 1 9 88 20 4 10 4 3 9 26 4 72 26 22 10Granite 10

I 7 4 12 25 7 1 2 28 5 21 58 3 13 50 57 7 22 32 1 4 18 14 7

Hollywood 15 10 8 6 3 8 8 6 12 24 4 4 75 114 58 40 19 10 27 3 8 4 38 | 10 7 6 3 1 3 5 3 2 3 6 2 1 3 6 10 5Hyrum 10 2 3 2 2 8 2 12 2 3 - 4512 308 1 52 2 3 1 1 2 3 7

Idaho Falls 14 12 3 10 8 8 22 12 23 67 58 8 9 18 15 9 8 19

Kolob 6 5 5 6 40 76 10 16 158 75 30 8 11 11 19 24| 5 5 11

Liberty 12 10 7 10 12 28 141 24 20 120 73 28 19 16 22 53 80 j 10 3 42

Logan 11 5 10 1 4 4 10 8 18 44 12 23 87 67 27 5 6 6 38 12 85 10 6 25 12 8 12 3 4 8 10 10 17 124 57 29 130 114 18 31 15 26 67 7 3 55 12 10 21

Lyman 8 3 1 5 27 24 3 3 3 3 Millard 7 4 3 4 6 30 10 12 48 34 16 4 6 4 4 6 8 4 2 4 16 4 4 1 4 5 9 4 2 3 4 2 9

Moapa 11 3 3 1 2 2 2 5 48 93 40 36 112 135 82 56 46 18 18 12 10 7 24 3 3 9

Montpelier 14 4 2 3 7 26 4 3 3 4 4 9

Moroni 5 3 1 3 2 9 2 2 8 17 8 4 3 3 1 2 2 2 5

Nebo 9 8 1 5 8 1 io 59 142 25 14 58 16 11 10 36 25 64 94 7 7

Nevada 6 4 4 2 2 1 3 14 4 4 1 5 32 5 9 6 6 11 11 8 32 10 4 5 10 15 14 5 7 6! DavisNorth

17 3 3 5 5 55 69 8 20 8 16 10 16 7 10 55 5 1.,,. 23 77 7 28 Sanpete.... 6North

North Sevier 4 4 2 3 4 i 26 21 81 16 4 27 26 16 4 11 30 3 3 4 1 1 7 3 2 7 1 6 56 1 2 3 4 7 2 2 18 8North Weber 14 25'5 1 9 311 46 21 6 2 12 44 132 11 48 12 24 20 35 12 27Ogden

1 3 31 6 2 6 7 2 3 2 8 || 3 10 6 2 16 30 16 5 11 7Oneida

Panguitch 1 4 1 12 12 22 7 6 16 6 6 7 10 1 1

Pocatello 10.... 10 2 8 9 | 38 116 145 43 35 67 22 10 16 25 15 66 13 16 17 44 10 10

Raft River 4 4 4 3 6 39 37 2 9 31 14 3 4 3 1 1 2 4 4

Roosevelt 9 6 3 10 9 21 10 6 61 16 23 26 1 1 6 5

Salt Lake 13 5 12 2 5 4 11 5 | 33 85 171 14 18 52 26 6 15 29 6 25 12 26 60 11 6

San Francisco 12 3 3 3 10 18 11 53 7 2 2 20 16 1 4 2 41 2 2

Sharon 7 7 8 6 7 | 108 121 114 17 38 45 74 14 27 27 1 17 1 1 1 40 6 5

Snowflake 11.... 7 1 7 7 1 2 207 28 9 10 40 12 5 5 13 25 2 14 13 10 6 4

1 1 45 6 4 8 1 8 6 16 50 4 10 36 12 7 Sevier 28 10South 1 1 1 5 1 4 4 14 u | 14 22 1 2 3 1St. 11 27 George

4 3 65 4 11 1 3 1 1 4 12 3 1 21 3 4 7 1 1 5 12 61 29 16Summit 14...... 9 123 3 39 6 13 t 25 6 1 27 23 20 10 30Taylor

Tintic! 4 3 4 4 18 4 2 18 6 4 2 2 2 2

Tooele 11 8 4 8 5 1 18 164 80 3 5 58 18 3 3 7 29 2 2 33 6 5

Twin Falls 4 3 1 2 4 | 32 23 29 6 9 31 18 6 5 8 3 3

I 2 29 58 17 21 9 5 7 2 4 2 3 44 10 49 5 53 9 16Uintah 10

I 1 4 1 5 55 5 11 22 5 58 14 10 20 12 43 5 5 4 1 2 2 59 7 7 9 2 32 9 9Utah 6 || 9 9 3 7 14 |1 1367 9576 214 4825 2293 1814 144 74 343 126 3510 3 2 6 2459 88 6Wasatch

Weber 9 8 3 7 7 | 14 | 35 21 5 9 32 6 9 9 4 12 15 8 4 4 18 8 4

Wells 1 6 2 6 7 6 | 76 47 17 13 29 6 17 14 6 16 27 9 9 3 51 7 3 50 7 3 Jordan 8West 3 5 | 5 4 28 |! '7019 10255 437 2710 69 32 9.. 25 137 1010 3525 1510 65 53Woodruff

4 3 4 | 2 2 2 23 10Yellowstone

i 22 21Calif. 11 12 27 28 Mission 42 49 |i 4054 12346 3511 2219 2462 2322 243 2310 351 198 753 28 49 529 679 254. 24

Northern States.. 21 10 10 8 8 9 9 1 16 | 20 | 67 76 17 11 54 15 13 12 1 3 2 4 2 11 6

Northwestern Sts. 20 8 12 6 9 8 11 7 | 59 | 75 55 63 15 85'101 20 22 12 29 30 8 20 18 69 12 12

Texas Mission 8 5 5 4 4 3 3 i 10 4 4

Eastern States.... 8 8 4 1 3 1 7 I 1..-- 46 12 17 10 6 10 5

NOTE: This report is very interesting as it gives the climax of the year's accomplishments. It is interesting to note that out of 61 Stakes and

5 reporting Missions telling.story And thethisfollowingmonth, 3,300numberpeopleparticipatedreached inA Standardcontest workin drama;: drama 1,3172,858 in; dancingdancing;1,2842,533; publicin music;speaking937 in626public; story speaking;telling 661.1,002 in

Also that of the number of Stakes reporting 946 Junior Girls have "My Story"book and have enjoyed this very splendid project.

Of the list of new reading course books the following have been read: Joseph Smith An American Prophet 519; Life Begins at Forty

1,780. (the Adult book, it will be observed that it leads the list); As the Earth Turns 1,265 (also widely read); John Jacob Astor 152; Two

Little Savages 277; Hidden Heroes of the Rockies 248. A large number of books from past reading courses have also been reported.

April has indeed been a month "brim full"of activity. In addition to contest work, there have been reported Adult and Senior banquets

and parties, M MenGleaner banquets, Junior Girls'festivals, Swarm Day for Bee Hive Girls, Music Festivals and various other M. I. A. socials.

This report should bring to our officers some degree of satisfaction for the efforts they have expended in giving to the members of M. I. A.

the development and joy that has been received through participation in the M, I. A. program.

Gratitude is expressed to all of our officers and members for the success attained during the past year. We appreciate also the splendid

support of the secretaries in sending in the monthly reports. We feel we have had a better response than ever before in getting the reports

to the General Offices on time.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934 435

Charles A. Callis ChristianHe wasgentlemanuniversallyandesteemeda distin-a withIn referringtendernesstoandhis motheremotion:he said

citizen the in where South guished (Continued from page 389)

I inhave "Throughout drawn my life years. lived for he many the spiration splendid and strength from 4 the of S. Bennion, President teachings mother. O. of example and my

she close the of day's the work Council of Seventy, said of After pasFirst the loves with humanityHe write. read to taught was She and me to him: soul, a children inspiring in wise all her a great mother, patience ofsion and

and at the same time he possesses a "It is a great pleasure to pay tribute to the highest ideals of loyalty to church and state. patience, tenderness, to devotion Her assotime long friend esteemed and my is bounddeep and whichsympathy willingchildren her for her love and and Callis. field, Charles A. ciate mission in the love the truth of and to to sacrifice areless. The love ness precious for them I the love him. know and I know the man

of mankind are shining threads that great work he has accomplished and apme and hold a sacred place in my memory.

gentle faith Her sublime and her in God it.run through the warp of his life. plaud

source to is a constant His will learned at an early age the art of submission "He

Here he did his major work. making friends. This precious gift has of inspiration and encouragement to me."

During his administration the been a great help to him in his missionary membership in the Mission mulwork. QHARLES A. CALLIS is an

gospel is the of preacher natural a "He practical uses idealist but means organized,tiplied, were branches humility faith his through and is a ends. his has to accomplish His life erected, prejudicechapels were the rich of a outpouring Holy was andenjoyed

allayed, confidence was established Spirit so that people everywhere are drawn monument of faith backed by high and the work moved securely forto the Lord through him. Charles A. and resolute endeavor. He believes

as history in will Callis one go down quarries supplies of that the Creator lines.ward on all proselyters the Church. of great the or cuts stone but that He never missionaries and the contact with "His misfour thousand than More of use temples the builds without toknit interest in their welfare his them he whilesionaries and went came

broth- a in friendship of in the gether hands. and Lord bond "Trust human constimulatingpresided. The life as as will erly that long love endure * * * verily and do good and conviction thistact of with lasts. man

is the shalt of be one fed"thou

Callis'experience, missionary "Brother quickonly not understandingand lives. precepts divine which he by years, thirty nearly has emicovering inspired faith their themened and

great position qualified for the nently of him advantages the of Deprived it finer gaveto them endeavor but occupies."he which now scholastic training has he husbandtheir holy loftier conception ofa

care his his energy ed time with and souls their inreligion planted and question to the answer In inspiration has and from drawn is It estimate ofa man. nobler inspiragreatest the has been a What the writers great of thinkers and effectivetosignificant touch thing Callis life? in Brother tion your present. the Lovelithe past and people. livesly of other the This said: reverently ness the in written beauty and and is It service. a supreme human

the fascinate spoken him. the has word Christ been Jesus Lord "The lift to soultakes a highpowered

life. in greatest inspiration From my my the cultivated constantly has Hemen. earliest recollections to present the time great of and companionship minds

intense abiding always I have and had an life early lessons of his hard The is the gallery his of adornmemory I read the Savior. for love cannot my of a quality pagivenhave him lives inspiring scenes ed in the with crucifixion sufferings story of and His

tience which makes most tasks apwithout shedding tears. He is my Lord of eminent men and with precious

easy. love forpear I lives that mankind His and and God. He know my lips. their utterances This from

is is the Christ. that the 'Lord He He impossible. intolerance Hismakes it is the is significant for of one I life.'resurrection of only and Not do certithefaith his in fellows and sources hanj/ of his growth. the If we regard redemption of with our manner

tude of his religious convictions wonder, awe, and gratitude, but I also beautiful pictures upon memory's give him a quiet air of confidence have love and affection for the way He walls and live with these long redeemed that can friendly approachand a us and bought us with His preenough do evil. we cannot blood."If cious such sources. onlycome from Charles has a great A. Callis

is his cause well ofpeople he speak a the deep appreciation and of tribute In to his wife he soul paying if appreciation; expressquick to life Irish beautiful in with enough said, things: other among disparagingly he attribthey speak situation. wit to meet any He

itutes is is a lack to a blessing wife of understanding 'A prudent from the teachable tolerant a legal with and tactful steps to give Lord.'takes heand training gives a judicial which him difficulties Callis "Sister conquered has a better understanding.them attitude love, patience, of faith permeating mind; unwavering and an by

When he assumed the presidency in God. During my ministry more than of this is an exalted love for manall

missionaries four reported thousand States of he the Southern Mission faith for kind sublime and a and settled at the headquarters. duty Mission She secured to the admission bar qualities These an in God. make cared in has sick for them and comwhen

South Carolina and also in Florida. forted them when sad news of the death invincible combination. It is this

While he had no time to practise of loved ones at home reached them. Well combination which has lifted him

her nobly has part she performed preside the andlaw a Mission, over and the desolation as out his of of youth helpmate. a mother and

fact that an accredited lawhe was into his soul to the desire and put poet says of the male bird and "The yer added greatly to his prestige his mate: lift others and the power to do it.

as minister a of the Gospel, and opportunity The has come and to sings 'He the free entree to gave circles that will him wide world, he do his work. nest, sings to her She

otherwise he never could have enIn the ear of sweet nature He stands a fearless champion of tered. As a result of this he was Which song is the best?'truth; a soulful and eloquent exable to establish cordial relations ponent of the message of the Master "The assistance Sister Callis has given with governors, mayors, and other me can never be measured this side of—"chosen of God and a friend of

men of influence and prominence. eternity."man."

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934

Turquoise Taffeta in "Lotsit,"saidbetterthe thanman,beingwhichburiedwas andimposingthey satarraybeforeof packagesit to openFannythe (Continued from page 392) as near as he could come to expresshad sent.

ing the great weight her recovery "She shouldn't have spent so 4 had lifted from him. much money,"said the woman.

On the way home the woman Back on the farm things were "This lovely scarf looks real exsaid, "We met that young high vastly different: Pa was a changed pensive. And silk stockings for

first silk stockings pair of carried school teacher been man. going the wood Fanny's He and me—the

were I ever had gay!"There handfires. built the the water icecream. with. He carried us to He treated

He brought me some flowers in the and on wash days hovered awkkerchiefs and a warm nightgown, hospital too. Looks serious to wardly in the kitchen to turn the too. To her father Fanny sent

me."washer and lift the heavy tubs. socks, a belt with a silver buckle,

"Fanny says she's not marryHe bought a mop and forbade any and a fine tie with matching silk ing."more scrubbing. He even essayed handkerchief. He seemed more

"Just talk,"laughed the wom- a pleasantry when presenting the pleased with the warm mitts his an. "You'll see. He seems real mop. "It's one of those fancy wife had knitted.

nice, doing well at his teaching, selfwringing ones, Ma. I suppose After trying them on, he said,

comes of a good family down you'd call it a 'tricky'mop.""I've got a present for you too,"

Nephi way. I made inquiries. The woman was happier than and to his wife's speechless amazeThere's nothing definite yet, but she had ever been, with a serene ment he tramped heavily out to the

Fanny's starting a hope chest."content. woodshed and returned with a big

Then hesitatingly, "We'd ought to Early in December Fanny wrote box still in its brown wrappings.

help get her things. Of course with that she had been invited to visit Beneath this outer covering was a

in as gay white tissue and at the the bills high package the hospital young home of and all—."silver tinsel as the big mailorder if school teacher her parents and 'em, the "Paid farm ain't and

mortgaged yet."didn't mind she would not come firm's "special wrapping departThe woman brightened. "I'd home for the Christmas holidays. ment"could make it.

like to get her knives and forks and "What did I tell you,"nodded "My, it's too pretty to open,"spoons with sugar shell and things the woman. "I'll bet that means the woman said, but she did open

to match. I saw some pretty ones wedding bells next summer. I it. Her eyes widened incredulously

must hurry with the quilts"—reat the contents—a robe (she called in a velvet box. I'd like—I'd like

to spend twentyfive, maybe fifty turning to the letter, "She says his it a kimona) of rich blue satin dollars for it!"She leaned back mother and sister have planned a elaborately embroidered in rose and

amazed at her own rashness. lot of parties and things for her. silver with—crowning touch

"Guess they come high,"gruntShe'll have a jolly time and I'm small, embroidered slippers to ed the man. "Get what you want."glad. Of course it will be lonematch. It wasn't a dress, it wasn't

This victory so surprisingly some for us, Pa, I think I'll get turquoise, it wasn't taffeta, but it gained, the woman sighed happily. some Christmas candy just the was all this, and more—luxury,

"I'll start piecing quilts, too,"she same."glamor, romance!

planned. "Young girls now-a- "And a wreathj'said the man Practical, even at this supreme

days have no time for quilt piecing. unexpectedly. "You always made moment, she thrust it from her, to

I'll finish that one I've been work- a wreath for the big window. I'll keep the quick tears from falling

ing on and then I'd like to make bring in the greens from the ridge."on it.

one of the wedding ring design. "Why Mother!"

be real suitable wouldThat Pa, "Oh, I'm crying because I'm mornChristmaswoudn't it, Pa?"so she happy,"explained, dashing ing found them brave with wreaths

They rode along in silence for and bowls of colored candy. The away her tears and smiling. Then,

two miles and the woman spoke man built a fire in the parlor heater softly, "Oh, Pa, I'm so glad you again. "You know, Pa, I guess did it!"

we're getting old. I always Muttering something about fixthought I'd be, well, 'thrilled'to ing the fire, the man retreated to

have a silk dress. I never had one the kitchen where he made noisy

before. Of course I'm glad to have and futile motions of lifting lids

it. It was right sweet of Fanny and shaking grates. Guess Fanny

to buy it. I like the hat and shoes wasn't the only one who could

too. I never had so many new waste money on Ma. Guess Ma

things all at once. It's a practical could have things she didn't need

dress too, good heavy silk. I can as well as anybody. No sound

get a lot of wear out of it, and came from the other room. Quietly

still the lace collar and buttons and he crossed to the door. The woman

all make it fancy enough for best. sat as he had left her, with the

I like these carved buttons. The silken robe draped over one shoulclerk in the store said they were der and across her lap, softly car-

'tricky.'Imagine me with a ressing the folds of the rich fabric.

'tricky'dress, Pa!"She laughed The man paused before the look in

softly. eyes, her "It will be nice to wear before that gloryabashed

GOOD! lightit Sundays."True. of Dreams Come

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934 437

and the President of the Conferwar. The Spanish Ambassador

International ence, came the Bolivian delegation, began in a well thought out but

Conferences edheadedIndian,by Dr.straightRojas, asa fullblood-an arrow, lowed.impassionedOuroration;own Secretaryothers folof

(Continued from page 395) with great poise and composure, State, Mr. Hull, gave an eloquent

taller was. the peroration of which looking than he He address,fc- 4

all declared: for paused a moment, eyes upon

era men also, every delegate was in him, then moved with real majesty "Peoples here and here reprehis seat, the full press were there, down the aisle to the point opposite sented must rise up en masse and the galleries crowded to capacity, his seat. Again the cameras clicked, demand that the awful scourge of

the doorways choked, the privithe magnesium exploded, the war be forthwith banished from leged rear seats of the Chamber movies droned, and again vociferthis hemisphere, that fighting peroverflowing with families of the ous applause, which gradually died manently cease and that not andelegates. On the dais were the down. other mother shall be widowed nor

President and the Secretary of the Then the third scene of the act another child orphaned."

Conference, their aides clustered opened. The Paraguayan and Bolivian

about them, till not another person delegates again spoke for peace.

could be crowded in. ]\JOW from the same point as beenIt wasfaultlesslya great staged;gathering;no itdevicehad

A signal was given, and out came the committee of the that might appeal or morally coerce from the side wall of the recess League, moved out and down the had been overlooked. The maxithat held the dais came the Comdais steps into the body of the hall, mum moral force of the whole

mittee of the League of Nations, the delegates of Paraguay. A wave world had been used. The repreheaded by the Spanish Ambassador of tumultuous applause greeted sentatives of the belligerents who

to Mexico. The whole machinery them, exceeding any that had prewere present were touched and subof publicity sprang into action; ceded, for the Paraguayans had the dued; but the men who determinmovies droned, cameras clicked, greater sympathy of the delegates. ed their course were hundreds of

magnesium charges exploded, the Again the movies, the cameras, the miles away in the capitals of their audience broke into wild applause; explosions, a scene of wild encountries; they felt little of the

the press wrote madly. thusiasm. pressure.

When the applause died away, Then the oratory began, and The armistice was renewed for there was a short pause, and then one country after another spoke ten days. When that time expired,

from an entrance facing the dais for peace and against the crime of the war broke again in its fury.

Reminiscences of pins,and anotherneedles, trinketsand a littleof onecandy,kind everto school,attendedindeedschoolI do notin believethe oldI store carrying his country, naturally his whole on but I was fondCharles W. Nibley back. I held to the penny the earliest days. of books from up my

- (Continued from page 397) packmanonce on thewhoground,threw openedhis packit upat simpleOur andlivingfrugalwastype.of theOatmealmost

asked rock, and if I wanted me porridge a little sour milk with was little recollection of Scotcandy, hard which rock meant article chiefJ HAVE our of diet. got We a child, except here land as stick or candy. and candy I answered a little perhaps once a week, meat

there a slight incident. I was only with sufficient selfdenial, "No, I generally on Sunday. Naturally

six years of age when we left there no wantin'rock, I want preens and enough our clothing was the cheapfor America in the spring of 1855 needles for my 'mither'."I took est that could be bought. I rebut I have a clear recollection of the preens and needles to my mothmember when we were leaving for

incident throwone which may er, all told her story the with my that a visit America we made to my at of light lookingsome on way my pride I in the recollect world. can brother, mother's Wilson, Thomas

I beenthings have monetary. must tears she picked with me up how at a station that time who was

I age. five years orfour of had eyes, rejoicing, I in her suppose, at railroad, agent the in which, on

been over to see an aunt by the my selfdenial, and cried, "Aye, my comparison to our low circumname of Snedden who had just bonny bairn."stances was a very high and exbeen confined and had a fine baby. I do not remember when I first alted position. This brother, one

It was the custom at that time in learned to read. My mother must of a large family, was a little out

espefor the neighbors,Scotland for have taught I can remember me of the inin ordinary the of way relatives,cially to call. the On parts reading the of New Testatellect faculty got and had and himsuch occasions usually bread and ment for her when I was about self moved up quite a few steps

cheese and Scotch whiskey were on four years of age. I had not been from the coal mining level of sovisitors table for allthe came who ciety. visited a with them We family. to the luckto wish good then day or two, to our back went

I had made my call and my aunt old home and presently sailed away had given me a penny in addition, for America.

perhaps, to a piece of currant cake.

On the way home from this visit President Nibley's experiences as

I met what the Scotch call a "pack- a boy in Cache Valley, Utah, will man,"that is, a peddler selling appear in a later issue.

438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934

rags. vehicle, useless solicits apGeneral without with his and he

supfailed situated a sufficient to thus bring persons to bringWhen Rags Were peals ply. whatevergo on. material of In along must the kind work ThePrecious of the it should, that order one take have saved and they may (Continued from page 407)

picinteresting, lovable, his and most residence or bring it to the News reOffice. characters turesque of that day- 4 it to

it beneath "Now we wish all who have ceived a special calling. This man "Some may think

them, to furnish all the uncoloted was George Goddard for whom no their dignity to do an act of this rags they can, until the paper task was too humble if in its perkind, but until the citizens genmakers are able to bleach. And formance he felt that he was "on erally understand the importancewe request any person having the the Lord's side."of the matter—the manufacture of

proper article for bleaching colored Following is from an editorial in paper in this inland state will berags, to furnish it, and he shall be the Deseret News of May 14, uphill business—whereas there will

well paid; or if anyone under1862: soon be ten times as much used as

stands manufacturing said article, "As soon as it became apparent there is now, if it can be made here, and can do it here, he shall be well that without some extraordinary and obtained without importing.

paid, and the better the sooner he exertion, there would not be maTo facilitate his business, Mr. Godcan go at it. terial enough obtained to keep the dard wishes it announced that he

"We call on Brother Gaunt to mill at work more than one day in is ready at all times to receive rags hurry out the felting,. a month, Mr. George Goddard at his residence.

"You will observe that we are (than whom a more energetic or "The machinery was imported not unmindful of your desires for suitable person could not have been and the mill put in operation at a a whole sheet, but we cannot lift found for the business) was emgreat expense and it should now be is outthe load alone. Who will help?"ployed to visit every town and setkept in motion—importation

COME of the difficulties encountlementties, for thein thispurposeand adjoiningof gatheringcounup ofandthewillquestioncontinuehere,to andbe therea greatis tered are suggested in this item whatever might be obtained condemand for printing and all other from the Deseret News, August vertible into printing paper. He kinds of paper, and it can be made

10, 1854: entered at once upon his special in any desirable quantities as well

"Doubtless the readers of the calling, but with poor success at in Deseret as elsewhere, and will be

News perceive that the paper has at first, as the people generally deemed as soon as everything suitable for last got a rather dark shade, and the matter of trivial importance, its manufacture is saved and apwe do not fancy its color any better and looked upon rag gathering as propriated for that purpose."

than you do. This arises from the the lowest vocation that could be

fact that the rags come in at a slow followed, but after a while the AFTER nearly a year we get a rate, and in small quantities, hence business was considered more imglimpse of the humor that as the makers have as yet no means portant, and the daily gleaning of lightened those labors from an open of bleaching, all colors have to be the rag man began to increase. letter in the News, August 20,

used except black, thus necessarily "He says there are many places 1862.

causing a very dark gray. But in the country where he cannot go "Ten Months Among the Paper

dark gray is better than no paper, Rags.

which will soon be the case unless 'To the Sisters of Utah:

every person in our settlements "Permit me to give a synopsis of gathers up and brings, or sends my experience in traveling from immediately all their paper rags, a house to house to collect rags for compliance with which will enable the manufacture of 'Deseret News"us to furnish you a whole sheet paper, wrapping paper, etc.:

weekly.""I have traveled over Salt Lake

Here is an optimistic note City three times calling at every brought about by the arrival of the house (with very few exceptions)

Church train, October 12, 1854: and visited nearly every family in

"We are happy in being enabled Springville, Provo, American Fork, by the arrival of our year's supply Lehi, Willow Creek, Big Cottonin the Church train to again issue wood, Ogden City, Kau Ward, the News on white paper * * * Farmington, Centerville and Sesfor we think our industrious subsions settlement.

scribers will now be able to read "The entire amount collected their papers by candle light. from those places is nearly 20,000

"Until further notice we are lbs. and this sum has been made

obliged to stop paying cash for rags, up by those who have responded tobut they will be taken on subscripthe call of President Brigham tions to the News and on Tithing."Young and others. Save Your

Fancy paying rags for tithing! Paper Rags.

The dream of having a real paper "Is it not encouraging to such to mill was realized 1861, when the know that their 1, 2, 4, 6 and 10

Sugar House Mill was put into VACATION SPOT IN IDAHO pounds of rags have contributed operation. Even so, the mill was towards making up so large a sum,.

; a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934 439

besides the satisfaction and peace of blocks east of the Theater which "The articles I have on hand to ofmind, realized by having done their would be more preferable. A little pay for rags are:—black ink

duty. I generally obtain rags at effort will yet enable you to reexcellent quality, pasteboards, GodONE house out of every five I call deem yourselves by October Confrey's cordial, agate buttons, pant

upon, so that fourfifths of my ference from a seeming indifference buttons, essence of peppermint, calls are unsuccessful visits * * * on your part in responding to the hatchet handles, bar lead, salerThe question usually asked at every least, though in reality one of the atus, bees wax, matches, girths, house is, 'Have you any paper rags greatest calls that ever have been, neck straps, sulphur, salts, comtoday, Ma'am?'The following or will be, made upon you. position, senna, cammomile floware some of the answers: "We need the rags to make paper ers, buckskin needles, small tooth

"1. No. for school books, arithmetics, combs, thimbles, extract of peach,

"2. I did not expect you or I writing paper, etc., and by now extract of celery, Batemans Drops,

might have had some. disposing of your first batch, your British oil ammonia, buckskin

"3. When I have assorted my bag will be at liberty to receive a mitts, drawers, besides other useful

carpet rags I may have a few. second, so that whenever I chance things which I occasionally have as

"4. I'm too economical to have to come along it will always be opportunity enables me to procure.

any, I make all my rags into carready with more or less in it. By way of closing this rambling

pets. address, I would strongly recom-

"5. You pay so little for them, mend, counsel and advise every

it don't pay for the soap and The Cliff Dwelling sister living in Dixie, or the cotton trouble of washing them. country, San Pete, Cache Valley,

"6. Call tomorrow, I can perBy Grace Zenoc Pratt Salt Lake City, and every interhaps raise two or three pounds. T TIGH up among the blue Sierra Madre mediate settlement to send or bring

"7. Can't stop to attend to * mountains in their rags whenever the bag is

them, I'm washing. Lies a valley shadowed from the sun; full. This will not prevent my

visits as far as practical, "8. Not unless you have either Here thecedarpines and birch, the sycamore and personal

tea, denim, or soap to pay for Sigh with the night wind when the day but it will be doing a great public them. is done. service which every good citizen

shines "9. the through The moon I've a if got Call next render, week, and should cheerfully trees—

silver crescent fullbig sack too busy but I'm another to labor Ten is calling his mate. spared to whippoorwill A after rags to lookwhitewashing, the Rags instead among Months distance the in tremble aspens quaking The

now. And all the world of nature seems to of recording the collection of

"10. We haven't any. There's wait. Twenty Thousand pounds, let us

cliff there against the grey of Andonly all and man. shoulders to me put our my the one and canyon "11. I shall never it the part with my Hunwheel and One make It seems the eyrie on we dream—but carpet. untilrags I get a if will have so dred steep Thousand, we

"12. The lady of the house is There stands a dwelling, relic of the ages. undisputed evidence that our labors

crag o'er pines their hung; and Bynot success, at home. with been crowned vigil have

keep. "13. shall be as address second and my stand that in awe, structure lonely Empty house. We

"14. Yes. viewing, complimentary as your attention to

"This last reply comes about one And if the dust could speak what could this call can call forth, and if these it say.in five, the others more arrest conand many the should few remarks Those windows dark, the portals wide, like characterof very often, come yet as have sideration of some who unguarded,

and although variety is generally It was not thus at one far distant day. done nothing in the matter and

considered the spice of life, the less Closed are our eyes to present things, a arouse them to their duty, and moment itI collection of the in meet with rigid others to stimulate a more lo! a And pageant opens, up that dim it.rags I like better the rags, the object saving economy in trail distant

"To the fourfifths portion I They pass, a tribe of warriors, heavy I have in view in penning these wish to say a few words: laden few lines will be gained, and

"By reading over the above anAndvale.ancient songs of triumph fill the remain,

swers you will see your own words Barbaric, their dress; their weapons crude "Your humble servant,

in print, but as your name is not and gory; George Goddard."

attached no one except myself From battle come they, to their cliff As George Goddard performed built home. them, gave and depend this for his serviceknows Church, who humble

the see portal waiting the women "tell tale"it I'm noupon it better served than he knew. children, except AndWaitingat for their lords he with

on general principles. Better late to come. The pioneers were too busy makthan never by having a bag hangThe pageant fades—the trail grows dim ing history to take time to record

with shadows, door, the it; behind the bedroom Historying up of Journal but the

silence of the over all; dead broods The it every into bit of clipputtingand is largely up of made Church strikes of harp winds the rag The music from

you make, of any color or quality, pine trees pings from the columns of old isbesides those pieces of old carpet And over all, the silver moonlight falls. sues of the Deseret News. Because

starlight, they were printed on "rag"stockand gunny sacks lying around the A birdsilence,sings of the moonlight, yard, when once washed in soap A silver stream, the fragrance of the they endure. Had modern wood

suds, dried and put in the rag bag, pine; pulp paper been available they

they will always be ready either for A camp at night among the brooding would have crumbled to bits fifty call, I or to send them whenme to A mountains, in the 13th one house Ward, song of ancient days—a dream is yearsthat wereago, sopreciousthe nondescriptlong ago, ragsaremy mine.

block south, and one and onehalf priceless as paper today.

440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934

The Kingdom slightesttalk, rompsenseandof restraintplay withoutor feelingthe moniouswith otherconcertaspiringandsouls.fellowshipSo the

staidness. essence speaks spirits instantly of Master of Their what theof God unrestrained into comes fuse of joyous of as the Heaven Kingdom

(Continued from page 405) friendliness. The development of from the deep serene consciousness

) 4 this perfectly unaffected sympaof being in actual harmonious felchildren. feeling, aspiration thetic accord of lowship and his with God "cometh Kingdom The of God

is insists as the Master and action said the essential Master Its "The observation."not by When

conquests, victories, riches and the one fundamental requisite for Kingdom of Heaven is at hand"glories are of the heart and not of the heavenly kingdom. He meant that the possibility of

outward valor. It moves forward coming into actual spiritual rapport

by heartpower and not by horseCINCE perfect childlike socializawith the God of Heaven and kinpower. tion is the one great basic qualidred souls was an immediate possification for into the entrance heavthe of "hidden The parable

it to enly realm is not difficult unbility.terminologyIf Heof hadmodernused psychologythe stiltedtreasure"exquisite joy portrays the

that assertion derstand the Master's of realm might have said "The He deep consciousthat the from comes rich for a impossible it is almost is at socialized perfectly beings spiritual actualness in of being enter. to predominant The man hand."children.union His with and God

is his a characteristic rich of man is those that intense so joyThis is perfectly a being heavenly A is better those feeling that he than it real a taste "all give get ofwho in realm socialized being. The less that he; possess and than who it. to get have"they modern The is socialperfectly lives a which he his material posreason of by are thisexemplifications truth of it all in are ized realm. For who is privileges, sessions entitled to he inspiring of in the historythe most each in are loving with harmony are that immunities honors and

religious experience.contemporary other. less forare to those denied who yearsJust instance one. to few A said financially. evokes Master Kingdom tunate "The This The lived there atago Winsor, Nova

is so of within friction. you."It social constant God awakAnd

littleScotia, a Scotch of woman is it its this sense. in individual In irritating animosiens hatreds and

intelligent highlyextraction and is the sense ties. this the of person harbors Kingdom God who The spiritual. theintensely day One

is peaceful divine actual far, reign the far, of sense very superiority of missionaries to her came and home in the guiding the soul through that realm in will harmonious from tell thrilling the to hercommenced the inspiring of and all are Holy in perfect sympathetic power which restoration.story of the gospel

of the Ghost. other. each rapport God But with Kingdom

like earnest fervent were wordsThe learnlike of the realm of play and the pleasure essential of play to her Thethe bird song harmonious

It aspect. institutional ing has an in spirit joyous being comes from soul. tasted the souldeep She

is state a a as social as well organism in a others rapport with cersatisfying that common joy from comes its sense institutional soul. of In enterprise. of study joy happy containty The She about God. was

is of a the of group God Kingdom in harorganized being comes else from verted. the in Everybody of those the have Kingdom who bitterly to the opposedtown was

affiliated divinely them, within God spite the inmessage. of frowns But will together; the governed by and

. [:--::-'-:.:;=: '-:-:.:...,:;::,.::..;:: \:.[:::yy/y':\y y friends, the of denunharsh and

ciations of the orthodox divines of God through His inspired authority of priesthood. she went alone one raw November

day and was baptized in the chilly The launching of the Kingdom waters of a little creek. She literof God in the world is the greatest

ally gave "all she had"for the premovement in history. It marked

cious "hidden treasure."the formation of an actual alliance,

These simple concepts aid us in upon the earth, between God and understanding a number of the Saman, through priesthood investure vior's rather obscure references to and the inspirational guidance of the Kingdom of God. The idea the Holy Ghost for the enlightenthat the attainment of joyous rapment, purification, sanctification

port with God and all His children and ennoblement of mankind. Paris the great essential qualification ticipation with God in this divine

for entrance into the Heavenly enterprise is the most exalting work realm, clarifies the Master's conof man. Through this hallowed

ception of eligibility to the heavpartnership with God in the estabenly kingdom. For a very prolishment of the City of God on

found reason He puts children in earth comes the deep ennobling joy the most favorable class. His inof being in actual spiritual rapport

sistence upon "conversion"and the with the Infinite, and with all His attainment of childlikeness as a children.

basic essential for entrance into the The two basic characteristics of

Kingdom is most significant. Little divinity are creation and conservachildren are perfectly socialized. tion. God creates and conserves.

is constructive and remeWhether they know each other or DESERT TREES His work not, the moment they meet they dial. His highest work is to

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934 441

"bring to pass the immortality and this high endeavor is the truest vouched for by the author already eternal life of man."The socialglory of life. Out of it comes that mentioned. While witnessing one

ization and spiritualization of man fine ethical, esthetic and spiritual of the festivals of which the natives is the finest aspect of this noble development which is the zestful of the South Sea Islands are so visitor relates—he desendeavor. The Kingdom of God. glory of exalted living. fond—this

is the effective, divine agency The actual joyous partnership cried a handsome Confederate Flag through which man is purified, rewith God in the extension and flying from the mast of a boat fined, sanctified, glorified and made glorification of His Kingdom in the belonging to one of the chiefs.

fit to enjoy "eternal life."Actual world is what the Latterday Saint Curious to learn how such a flag

joyous alliance with the Infinite in calls religion, or the abundant life. had reached that remote corner of

the globe, and anxious to obtain jg... possession of it, the American

personal reprisal. Not intimidated called upon the chief and learned

Flags of the by their threats, Mrs. Roosevelt refrom him that, some years before,

Confederacy quitefused withinand declaredher rightthatin displayingshe was ahadwhitegivenmanhimdyingthe Flagthereas ina sacredexile, (Continued from page 409) the flag of her own Southland in the window of her own boudoir. y[ysslWtitttt>SJ> "I am a Southern woman,"she

ing in the City of Washington, in asserted; "and you may do whatfull view of the National Capitol, ever you like except touch that

though the armies of Lee and flag; but it shall not come down!"

Jackson failed to reach their goal. The crowd, however, was in an Jobs

In his informative volume, "The ugly temper and refused to disperse

Stars and Stripes and Other till persuaded by the eloquent pleas

American Flags,"Peleg D. Harriof Roosevelt's father who conson declares that two Southern vinced the leaders that the loyalty

youths, Clinton Hatcher and J. C. of his wife to her own native secSalsby, students at Columbian tion was as natural and commendCollege in Fourteenth Street, able as was their own.

Washington, D. C, ran up a ConSo, the mob reluctantly scatterfederate Flag on the mast of the ed, and the offending banner conCollege building where it floated tinued to wave from the window

for several hours in full view of of this fearless daughter of the every passerby, before being disSouth. VOUR first year in business will

covered, and ordered removed, by show you the benefits of our the College president. ANOTHER, but more pathetic business training. If you are qualAnother fact not generally incident connected with a Conified through our training, your

learned federate Flag some was in this for but vouchedknown, will to progress you. prove it own visitor years American ago by an is the that Harrison's ofsame work business being Step by upward in is Islands to the and Samoan also, "BarbaraSouth, had a

Fritchie,"though one in actual life prepared. New students are enand a youthful one, at that. In Elegy rolling each week. Special and regthis instance, too, the heroine stood the courses are given during By Edith Welch ular

colors her of in danger thoughby months. rooms are summer Our

'life,her antagonist her while was Electric well ventilated. cool and softly Shine MOON-L inAV enragedan metropolitan mob

tree. dying plum ceiling installed fans On in each are mystead of a Southern magnanimous branches dry gaunt the About for office help Calls classroom. occurred,General. incident The a shining dream Weave

so Harrison relates, at the beginOf all the fragrant blossoms are increasing rapidly. Prepare

ning of the War, preceding a social She once bore. now for the good opportunities

function in the City of New York Night wind. ahead. Write, phone or call for ingiven by the parents of former PresSing softly

ident Theodore Roosevelt. The Through my dying plum tree. formation and catalog. It will pay

mansion was in gala attire with the AsCaressyou thedid brown and naked branches you to get the best in commercial

Stars and Stripes floating from When they were clothed training.

every window, save one, the winIn softest green dow of Mrs. Roosevelt's boudoir. So yielding, yet resisting Please mention Era in writing.

To your sighs. At that window was firmly

fixed a staff from which the Stars Kind heaven,and Bars of the Confederacy gaily TakeOf mythedyingsoul plum tree HENAGER fluttered. In your starry hands

As soon as the Flag was descried, This night. Business College

an angry crowd gathered in front And, when the woodman of the mansion and demanded in HerLays emptyupon theshell,ground 45 East Broadway Was. 2753

offendthe uncertainno mood that Bid my plum tree smile. m aftiriM r/4M rfirv/aQratryr;r/*v: ry<ii>vi i-/*vri r penalty of oning flag be removed

442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934

trust ly: promise that-—during on Nicola of Marschall, an.artist Course We're Saving for"Of

life his never pass said Marion, Alabama, was who time—itthe Improvement Era at ourThe his hands, at his to the from his design submitted have shouldand—upon

it should be buried by request of Governor A. B. Moore, House!"death—that

his successor in a secret hidingplace of Alabama. It was claimed by

never to be divulged to mortal man. the partisans of Marschall that his

Neither bribery nor entreaty on flag was flown from the State Capthe part of the American could avail ital at Montgomery, where the to break the promise given by the Provisional Congress was in sessavage to his dead friend; and the sion, on the 4th of March, 1861,

flag was never recovered. But it the same day that Abraham Linwas learned some years later from coln was inaugurated president of

meager records found among the the United States in the City of dead soldier's effects, by Southern Washington.

sympathizers sent there to investiThe other claimant for the disgate the truth of the story, that the tinguished honor of designing the name of their countryman was first flag of the Confederacy was

Henry Clay Renfrew, of the 2nd Major Orrin Randolph Smith, of or 4th Kentucky Cavalry, and that Louisberg, North Carolina. The

the flag he so passionately cherished first model from his design was was the one carried by the escort made by Miss Catherine Rebecca to which he belonged and which Winborne, of Pine Top, North was traveling with Jefferson Davis Carolina.

K/fOTHER and Father both say when captured by Federal troops. Major Smith called his flag the

we just can't get along without Determined that the flag of the Stars and Bars and is said to have the Era, and all of us kids agree little company should not fall into embodied in its design the idea of with them. the hands of the enemy, Renfrew the Trinity, the three bars repre-

"It isn't so hard either. We just hastily removed it from the staff senting the Church, the State and

hang the Era envelope where it's and, in some inexplicable way, the Press. The blue field reprehandy and then all of us, when we concealed it on his person and essented the heavens, and the circle

it in safety. with After of or caped dime, a nickle, ahave a penny, in size—the equal stars—equal of wandering, he finally months rights slit little of the States. slip ita into the quarter

friendly that remote reached but are. subthere ourand you When years of controversy After many

its fear of where, shore without is the arescription there up, two after all evidence exbeen and had fly his capture, he beloved could for the or to agentdollars waiting Stars the exhaustively, amined and flag at the hut. of his door humble direct to the Era.go Bars committee of the United Con-

"Mother says, 'This is our misThat the successor of the chief federate Veterans, at their reunion sionary fund. Until we have a in whom Renfrew had confided held at Richmond, Virginia, in

boy or girl old enough to carry the must, also, have kept inviolable 1915, formally recognized Major

Gospel to the world, we'll support faith was evident from the fact Orrin Randolph Smith as the origThe Improvement Era and do our that no trace of the Flag ever was inator of the first design for the part toward sending it free to the found even by those of Renfrew's flag.

missionaries.'read Whenever we loyalty to that countrymen whose

Regardless, of however, who first letters fine of those a misfromone all flag question. was beyond

alterations designed it or of what telling has thesionary Era how it will that underwent, deny none like visitor aseemed from home recent years claimtwo JNTIL flag deever gallantly no more was says, see, youngsters, you 'YouDad the for the field were in ants passionately or loved fended more that.'arehelped do we And first the deoriginating of honor the the of Flag Confederthan wasproud Flag, a sign for Confederate nameit reveracy; and, has been though tickets a pictureshow 'Two

it will than more do it.month My stillently hasfurledthe thismagicmanypowera year,to stirsister to stay Bess agreed I have and

away from some picture we wanted Reward the pulse of every loyal son and the of Southland, whether see, justto so we'll know how to By Billy B. Cooper daughter skies. soil or under alien on native sacrifice others-. for

is that these, that alone, T God it from THINK Nor "If trouble you're getting having -* surely have Must for tribute involuntary comes; for dollarsthat I'd the Era, two

throne Beside golden His discernmore, and amongsuggest a For Improvement The—morean trees poplar Two

is ing the consciousness minds, envelope."Era far reach That up

Good idea, Jack; we'll back up Into His blue, blue dome. growing of the basic significance

the the of Confederate Flag andthat suggestion, will mail and tree other an No it for stood; and, so Cause which freeenvelope address to any upon tried earth, has On

is as in the alive chivalry longrequest. reach the sky, to hard So Address of effort brave ceaseless world and Such the memory

The Improvement Era Should, I think, deeds is honored, so long will there 50 North Main Street, Receive award on high. be heads that are bared when "The

Salt Lake City, Utah Conquered Banner"goes by.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934 443

ten. the five and I know

all are the girls 'em;R Quest shefromwants

(Continued from page 412) wearing 'em now."

fa.. And with the pride of earning

newly conscious within him, he is. placed the money at his mother's "Huh? Oh, yeah—sure

Yeah, I guess it's necessary all right. elbow. Again Mrs. Southwick's

But that's about all I've got to say eyes misted. Actually only four

for it."and a half dollars, but they stacked

"Don't you like it?"mountain high when she reflected

ra it? it."I hate Say, "Like earned them had by that the boy

'a are then, 'Why, you rest his at plumber? breaking into needed

Why don't you do something two o-clock every morning to deelse?"liver newspapers, and devoting

"Well, to begin with, Dad was Saturdays and evenings to twenty-a plumber, and I just sort o'fell cent collections and soliciting new my subscriptions. this, it; as learnedinto soon the trade A fortune, to Automatic sister'sas I to a satisfy his younger hold wish old enough was

wrench. Then when I was just to dress like other girls. Refrigerator

out of my 'teens and making pretty Suddenly the painful tension good money, I married. And about under which Mrs. Southwick had

the time it began to soak in on me worried, snapped like a steadily that I was settled for keeps, I began weakening chain.

to realize that life? ideality in a Here wasa plumber

first all myI didn'tlife."want to be physicianNo thought whose was

He was silent while the blowof his patient, not of his fee; a

hissed,torch then on: went spared pains working boy no who

other friend old day an "The relieve to return injured an dog and S* "-**>-. i ft ingave a to chance cahoots go me his little to a child owner; him who

awith proposiranching on him offered gladly her carefully hoarded tion. I've always wanted to get pennies to lessen her mother's anxraiseout animals and and hay and iety; a a distasteful following man

I on,so the first don't but know security trade preserve the to and thing ranching. about Guess his I happiness of a highhome;

could learn, but when a fellow has school student cheerfully denying a wife and four kids he hasn't any himself to satisfy his sister's fancy. TimeSaving

business taking too much of a All these had been brought to her chance. No, ma'am, I don't like attention without search or effort Cooking

it's steadyplumbing, but work, on her part, within two hours'little the billskeeps paid and a up time.

to the good, so what's the diff? As to

I say, a man with a family can't Her soul was bowed in grateful think of himself; he's got a bigger humility. As she set about pre2r*tS

job on his hands."paring the evening meal, there was

a song in heart, which she voiced with the words: "God's in His AND with this bit of

philosophy, he arose from his comheaven; all's right with the world."

pleted task. As he walked toward

his truck, Mrs. Southwick noted a

certain dignity in his bearing; the Lover of Earth

dignity of a man who unselfishly faces responsibility. By Edgar Daniel Kramer O

The last check was signed and T SOAR aloft in its envelope when a door * On steady wings.

spaceopened. Through in which Automatic swings. The eagle

"Hello, Mum!"greeted sixteenBut, though I hear

yearold Gerald, with his infecThe angels'mirth, Water Heating stay,—tious grin. "How's everything? I doI lovenotGot out of school early today, so the earth.

I'm going to hurry and finish my I hear the grass.

collections, soon as I've had some The lilac trees, bread and jam. Oh, yes,"he addTheSweetdawningecstasies,larks'UTAH GAS & COKE CO.

ed with an elaborately casual air, And, hearkening,"before I forget about it, here's I leave the skies OGDEN GAS CO.

Sis. forfour a half Tell her For and Myfieldsheavenwhereinlies. WASATCH GAS CO. get sport thoseshe can shoes new

with crepe soles at that store across 444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934

Glasses—What Do beforefrom thetheabnormalglasses straining.released them EFFICIENCY

In Any Occupation Requires They Mean WEARING of properly fitted

Correct Vision (Continued from page 399) lenses before defective eyes not only does not cause them to get fa.. worse, but actually favors restoration of at least part of the vision

4. Spend out of doors as much lost through straining to see.

time as possible, where the eye For nearsightedness the above work is all at distance. holds true in a measure, but it

in for us Nature has provided is this that should be remembered refocusing the eye a or apparatus to often a disease which tends grow fMmmL: Practice Limiteds-s*CS: fractive system, normally which progressively worse. been has As Mto Optomelfy *#!: jj$C\

will exactly adjust images glasses fitting upon indicated, of proper

Salt 71 South Main, retina. constructed, Lake City, Utah the Delicately in 4395 Wasatch used of the measures is only one

this system has rather narrow limtreatment of nearsightedness. Such

its of elasticity, which means that eyes should have a checking up by when the eyeball is either lengthenthe oculist at least once a year, 1 ed or shortened abnormally, sharp with obtaining of new lenses where vision is at once interfered with. the change in eye condition warstructural eyeSince the of shape it. inrants eye with myopic TheGROW ball scarcely can modified be any by1 get 1 will correction worse adequate N POWER disat treatment medicine or our Nils'Students, Bishops, Graduate will the rapidly than more much

sionaries, Prospective Missioners posal, agent sought long was some fitted. is properly one kept which opportunity is your to Here Grow neutralize the to dewith which years ago, a Several gentleman in in Private Lessons Powerl Oratory, Intrepretation of Classical fects. Scientists already knew that took his nearsighted daughter to

literature, and Corrective Speech, glass might be molded or ground an oculist for attention. Glasses

now available. it so that the course would modify fitted instrucwere appropriate and (No Need to Stammer) it. of light passing rays through tions given, did the physician but

Call or Write a lens or convex bend would Thus take the father not time to impress

C. Hanks, N. nearer Studio converge a them toward his that nearsightedness daughter's

City, Utah Heber focus, lens a concave while would increase, even she might though spread or diverge them to a more were properly corrected with distant focus point. These pringlasses. At a subsequent visit the

ciples were applied in neutralizing man asked if his girl's eyes had errors or distortions in the focusing improved. Upon receiving a negapparatus. Neutralization of the ative reply, he threw down the

error cannot relieve the eye of its glasses and stormed out of the ofnormal and allotted work, because fice, saying if that was the best the it merely makes up for defects in doctor could do he wanted no more the transparent structures, so that of him.

natural focusing of images clearly There is a popular notion that, upon the retina may be accomwhere there are occupational hazplished with the eye doing only its ards to the eyes, it is dangerous to normal and intended amount of wear glasses. The assumption is

work. that if they are accidentally broken

This point should be emphathey will certainly do harm to the sized, because individuals are freeyes. Actually, it is rare to see

quently heard to say that, if one such injury, and glasses do save wears glasses, one's eyes will get damage to the eyes with surprising steadily worse—which dictum is frequency. One does well to wear

extremely silly in view of the facts. glasses as protection, whenever

As proof, these people cite the fact forced to work under conditions that many persons who have dangerous to the eyes. This was

trouble with their eyes and begin strikingly illustrated in the experiwearing glasses, soon find they canence of a local steelworker who had not get along without the lenses. a splash of moulten metal cover

There are two very simple reasons one of his lenses, breaking it into for this. Correction of the defect many pieces, and firmly sealing

often makes the vision so much them together as it almost instantly better that taking the correcting solidified. His eye was uninjured.

lenses off causes one to feel half blinded and exceedingly uncomeyes, fortable. are are but Secondly, the born with eyes two Men GERMWPROCESSED(PARAFFfhil BASE) quite tongue, unwilling, they with that in order one unable even and

suddenly to reassume the load of should see twice as much as they extra effort they were putting forth say Colton. MOTOR OIL

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934 445

their and thrilled to the depths of MormonsThe The pioneers were hardy souls who MAKE MONEY first as the they beings furrows dug f it Tfomethe Mountains in soil the turned and mounsteady each week, a new income at home, EARN page 402) from (Continued workingoil. miniatures photos Learn famous tain ditches into that this andin streams hunweeks. few done by inWork "Koehnecoloring 4 art Method"big talent experience nor demand. method No

this the grily for unfamiliar soaked independent needed. Send become way. up inMany

free booklet, at Home.""Make Money the first by faint children mighty water. green the Inc.made Thy And SCHOOL, NATIONAL ART

touch of the mountain sod'."that spread over the desert must 3601 Michigan Avenue, Dept. 418-B Chicago, 111.

"THE physical features of the lohave been a film too sacred for hudescription. shrubs and man The for homogeneity cality provided

trees in a over brought wagons a land wasin Utah Bishops! another Attention way. miles have thousand rough must missionary along work the Help supplying harvests, diverseof leafed special with bloomed and the at need. Even everynearly human a into beauty people for put who INFORMATION OF BUREAU proavailable, were ironsalt and getting your by their pioneering something more otherwise in not found manyducts their of than labor the hands and Sets Sacrament regions. sustaining Wheat self

hearts. the their of hopes The Ridge; Nephi on abundantlygrew From Us felt tilled the that they Mormons PRICES: valin LOW NEW trees Utah blossomedpeach soil a consecrated of land. No Water SILVER tray—heavy cotcountry; Boxelder the ley and with plated three dozen that inner such flame an wonder

$16.00 glasses of fruits out tropical came ton and results produced unbelievalmost glasses Extra the of irrigated lands the doz.Dixie; $1.25 per and able. $7.50 TRAYS$1.00 BREAD seed; sheep lucern Sevier produced

of Information Block pastured on the western desert and QOME critics have said that the BureauTemple cattle on the eastern highlands. Mormons are poetically inarSalt Lake City, Utah

Thus the necessities of life were ticulate. And yet when one studies

furnished and exchange among the communities facilitated a feeling of unity and a spirit of interdeinteresting pendence. How it is Call on Us - We're Here to Help valleys of Utah, that in the varied

immigrants built in the localities Pictures, pictures, everywhere! Around the house, at the club—today, tothat in some way reminded them of morrow, this weekend. Get your Kodak out!

Call us for on want Swiss among their homelands—the films,—youservice. careful finishing—youhere to want our For picturemaking Verichrome, of information—we'recourse. For cliffs the Danish of Santa Clara; the help.

(Levan) "Little in Copenhagen"is selection complete of always Eastman Cameras, A in stock here—Kodaks of lone Italian the at the mouth $(2.25. #5.00 for as little as up, and Brownie cameras

Rock Canyon.

With security and unity their heritage in the mountains, the EASTMAN KODAK STORES

Mormons set about the conquest Incorporated of the land. It is said that civili155 South Main Street—Salt Lake City, Utah

zation is the product of moderate adversity. Perhaps, then, with the

Mormons, extreme adversity produced a higher type of civilization.

Utah was not a land that yielded her treasures easily. Cedar trees QIljp Alpto Summer

and oak brush had to be cut down Offers you a rare opportunity to live sage and greasewood grubbed and Five Glorious Weeks among the grandburned; rocks hauled away; canals, estMountainspeaks ofwhilethe pursuingWasatch studiesRange forof

with their fringe of headgates, had staturethe purposeand yourof addingacademicto yourstanding.mental

to be dug; the land required deep

plowing and frequent cultivation. 23 to August 24 Homesteads had to be tamed. TERM—July

Many stony unwatered acres Strong Faculty—Variety of Courses

would produce no harvest. In the Democratic Society—Splendid RecreaValley of the Virgin waters ramtional Program—Thorough Class Work.

paged over the planted fields. In T T T

central throngs minerals Join the up came and spend Tvro Days Utah.. clouds. the Above the soil. covered earth and from the

One settler of the Sevier River Twentythird AnnualJuly 201Tiiupanogos Hike country, when all his land was white with alkali, still praised his For Particulars Address home in the mountains. We have Brigham Young University

plenty of room,"he said, "plenty PROVO, UTAH of work and exercise, and plenty of "The Friendly School"fresh free air."

446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934

the "mountain literature"of our tains, particularly when they were people, he finds it deep, expressive, clothed in clouds and stood above rhythmic. Brigham Young dethe valley with an almost forebodscribed the glory that flooded over ing guardianship:

him when he thought of the strong- "Much I love the solemn mountain meet It doth sombre mood my hold in the mountains, and he muttering amidst the When talked with the tongue of a maker O'er my soul the storm cloudsthunders,brood."

of beauty: "I will tell you when you and I may To him the untamed land was consider ourselves truly rich—-when we can "a desolation of centuries, where

native the speak to the earth—to elements earth seemed heaven forsaken,

say to them—'Be in boundless space, and

ye organized and planted here'."where Hermit Nature, watching,

waiting, wept and worshipped God

To this wise builder the valley in eternal solitude."

was a "large room canopied by the An old trapper from the Zion sky and walled in by these mounCanyon country came into St.

tains."George one spring and said to his

The close alliance between piofriends, "Well, I've seen the Great neer and desert soil was clear to White Throne and I can never look

Heber Kimball: "How does the down again."There was a Kanab

earth feel when righteous men and woman who used to stroke her women are walking upon it, plowwhite hair and wrinkled face and ing it, hoeing it, blessing it! I declare that the desert wind had

will tell you, the earth feels it waved her hair and the desert sand it has power in it."had etched her face.

fluted crests against view him as an integral part of his ranges—theirHow these people loved the long To understand man we must

the sky, their rugged canyons, their environment for he is literally highland valleys. There developed carved and molded by it. "For

lands to redeem arid wasteWhether or to early a feeling for the individuality races as for men it seems debilitating primitive business underdevelop a new conditions, requires a high order of foreof the mountains. No two peaks to be born with a silver spoon in

sight, integrity and resourcefulness. were alike, no two chains of the the mouth."The desert and the

filled printing the years 84For we have great seasonal like a forge were mountains pattern. Even the

circle dissame of of everwideningneeds an links late shaping of steel. were welcomed. wonder moods The No clients.criminating our conIt has been

stant aim to produce the finest printing, Orson F. Whitney, sometimes callthat the Mormons still declare:

that service render the most completeand "Sacred was ed the Byron of Mormondom, is the soil—dear are the inup-todate can equipment produce and hills affected of God."profoundly by the mountelligent devise. can management

Your order with us will be assured painstaking attention, and prompt delivery, and you will find that our charge will be no boys she'd teach them not to shoot aftermore than you pay for ordinary printing. One Saturday at a powder magazine—right

(Continued from page 398) housecleaning anyway.

Ib* When things quieted down, slipped on a sack apron and went that the whole a noise so loud was

Street, out on and Main oh!—all of there a crash earth trembled; was

big, glass plate the lovely in the trees bricks glass and and and i29 Richards Street Coop windows was lying all over to be seemed mortar. All nature

I the CITY, sidewalk. picked as SALT LAKE So up UTAH

! Terrified, fling a Highland since 1850 doing Printers and binders carry it in as I could put and much

I ran dripping, a good and naked the the of bottom yellow drawer half block to the kitchen. Everybureau for a keepsake.

body, wild and bewildered, had gathered in the basement for safety. Then—oh, I had a funny feelBE INDEPENDENT in sudof a All my stomach. this the ing time Another bang—and No Other little that den I remembered poor over toppled Vocation So Profitable I kitchen and cupboard ENROLL NOW the explosion had dishes precious play and papoose—what saw my at the I Course For a Complete the ran done to her! I through salt cellars glass over favorite whirl

to find sister—I shouted my floor in house the to crash head and my of Culture BeautyQuish School I last I as could. loud At "Em!"bits. confusion. panic All was and in the The Best West her to out primping found go up it the eruption; in a volcano Was 304-9 Bldg. Ezra Thompson her her beau. with I jogged So to world an coming CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH end—Camp the papoose. about memory the Douglas bombarding town Information Further For

and Catalog Call what could it be? "Em,"I gulped, "I'm afraid to

7560 oi in the Wasatch go you?"a before long time It was we washhouse—ain't

Fill in This left a beau catcher half made it a Em of couple found out was just Coupon playful boys up City Creek shooton her cheek and hurried out.

ing at a powder magazine. "Come along,"she said.

Aunt Louisa was so mad—she So, fearfully, we entered the

said if she could get ahold of those washhouse, expecting to see that

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934 447

poor little papoose in fragments, Bl but happily—there she sat in the

empty bath tub, trying to put thetub stopper and a polished bronze LD.S. GARMENTS

toe both—in her mouth at the same Selected from our extensiveFORline ofALLL. D.SEASONSS. Garments we suggest the following

time. numbers for all season wear

I guess she was glad the exNo. 12 CombedNew Style,Cotton.ribbed Anlgt. excelwgt. number.style Men's new or old $3.00

lent Ladies'$1.25 number Light 17 weight No. neverplosion garment, came or she would

lgt. ribbed Old style, wgt. Ladies'1.00 style or old style. new acquaintedhave become with her No. 13 cotton, 1.25 our standard garment. 18 Light No. Spring weight and

toe, since for eighteen months, it No. 14 bleached.Ribbed med.Our allwgt.seasoncotton,numNo. 19 AutumnLight weightgarment.silk forMenladiesonly 1.00

had been way down at the bottom ber. Men's new or old style. 1.45 only, new style only 1.00

of its little cradle on her mother's No. 15 bleachedRibbed cotton.heavy Ourwgt. doubleunNo. 20 andMediumwomen,wgt.newsilkstyleforonlymen 1.75

back so very, very far from home. backold stylenumber. Men's new or 1.50 No. 21 1/3Ladies'woolnew style light wgt. 1.75

best selling Our part wool wgt. stripe.... Part 1.50 wool, silk < No. In16 Part wool, ribbed unbleached. No. 22 Ladies'new or old style med. ordering, sure to be specify style short legs garments, whether old or new and

sleeves or ankle length to fit. insure perfect

Postage prepaid on orders accompanied by money order in United States. SpecialThe Lord discount legs, are wanted. Also give bust measure, height and weight to missionaries.

Our Jack Frost Blankets are made of Utah Wool and Utah Labor.

Write for PricesOverrules FACTORY TO YOU—THE ORIGINAL

(Continued from page 413) Mills Utah Woolen Manager 28 Richards Street——Bnant Stringham,OneHalf Block South of Main Entrance to Temple Block

the opinion ever since the occurrence that the Lord out of His abundant goodness used this (to me) very convincing means of showing me that my conclusions were wrong and that without fearof the consequences I should accept INSURE whatever Church call came to me. Your registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause.

I did not for an instant doubt that the shock came from a divinesource. It was ten years before on INSURE

the eve of leaving home for college Your animals while in transit to market.

that the a Lord had given wonme Let us quote you rates.derful manifestation. I So knew

He lived. I recognized at once the

source of the impression that came HEBER J. GRANT & COMPANY train. the on I thankedto me the 20 Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah thatLord had again He made my

way clear.,

So, having reached Salt Lake City, the following day when Dr.

Lyman called to see me I knew atleast one thing he was going to say Salt Lake Gity's Newest Popular Hotel to me. The visit resulted in our

going together to the office of Assistant General Superintendent B.H. Roberts and next to that of HOTEL

the President of the Salt LakeStake, Angus M. Cannon. From TEMPLE

that day until this I have been in some kind of public Church service.And my humble opinion has ever SQUARE

since been that this activity was 200 Rooms each with helpful rather than hurtful to the Tile BathUniversity inwith of Utah which stitution I remained connected in Rates a leading administrative position $1.50 to $4.00

during thirty and onehalf years

Radio Connections forfollowing the incident spoken of above. Every Room

Yes, the Lord does overrule Opposite Great Mormon Temple sometimes and often He is kind to ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager

our appreciation atus far beyond the time.

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1934

Ogden's Hole journey.had seen during our long and monotonous Ogden's Hole, a short distance north of the Ogden River, where Rather more than half way between

(Continued from page 414) the canyon of Ogden's Creek and the north some of the early nonMormon of inhabitants which County Weber by: pass is found a of the valley

the into mountain of the 4 enda crossing were element as the rough Salt known ascent effected.. The be can Valley Lake old to unite. in have congregating of habit the again The theyRiver, where

first or four is the side for western the of its follows River, strikes down Bearroad their a "glorious whistime"with rocky, and abrupt very yards five hundred Hall Fort to Springsvalley the Soda by it let definitely bottles; be key but grading deal of a require good would and to course southwesterly it a pursueswhence this, after practicable; but road a render all to that to for time come known northing a this routethe Humboldt. By except necessary be little labor would or no elethe this a resort is for neither rough and made, degrees nearly twoof is places, in which, brush, the to cut away lengthened. is consequently,road, much is anything nor Ogden ment North is the pass of length thick. quite The the laid Morout by route was otherThe local designation, a the than and more of height the miles three and about the conducts in and 1847 communitymon it cut the from makes which range through real the does to opening not apply part southern the city in their toemigrant valley the on feet above to 1,000 800 in in prethe vary mountains to causing Valley, known him Saltof Lake or Creek Ogden's valley of side. each The rather more direction his line of thefrom as Ogden's pioneer days Mormon in this kind of places (as Hole Ogden's

; to this he has southwardly degree athan Hole. called) are this country of the nomenclature the to course direct north arecover by the Northof rendezvous the been has long attention conclusion In draw we end the north near River Bear ofcrossing

its fine range of account on west Company trappers early fact that the the to a in northproceeds he Lake, the whenceof the been has winter in the and stock for old intersects the until he directionwest regions the in Mountain Rocky the hardy of reunion a merry scene of many Hall. Fortroad from the in the habit were of naming mountains. the of traders trappers and whether ascertaining I desirous of was beaver full of formerly Its were the streams in valleys smaller openings or could these either of route thana shorter disapentirely believe, I have, these but as holes, as such Jackmountains direct course a pursuing obtained by benot * * * peared. point the lake to the or ofto the head Valley, son Jackson Hole (now enter which we pass through the In its through basin enters River Bearwhere, Pierre's Hole (now Wyoming) were rocks carboniferous the Hole, Ogden's Valley. Cache fromthe Range Wasatch

, angle at of an etc. thrown again Valley, up found Idaho) Teton save traceIf a would practicable, such

the northto a degrees, dip with 80 or 70 feel I posterity benefit of the For has that great detour thethe emigration range side of high the east. the western On routes, present the either ofto errors, as by be present made that they themnorthwest the to hills extended which of the direct bearing a upon have wouldand selves, corrected. be should of eastern boundary the formed and post site military the forselection a of

strata cropthe edges of the Hole, Ogden's this region. forcontemplated formed if fault been great had a as out ped

After giving details of his trip at the point of elevation. * * * In the Our Historicalfrom Fort Bridger, Mr. Stansbury Wasatchpass leadingRange,to theSaltrocksLakewerethroughmetamorthe

continues * * * the pass through Descending phic. Insect Foe

trees, caught small of we thickets oak dense followed 27. August We Monday, (Continued from page 420)

Salt Lake, great first of the glimpse the a mile, when about Creek Ogden'sdown

Hgf search and object of desired our the long fr shut valley was that the broad foundwe to steps weary cost us so many had which hills, or rather of between two rangesup locusts themselves in order to keep * * the pass we from * Emerging reach. level botlow, a flat, leavingmountains,

tom, densely covered in places by willows, entered the valley of the Salt Lake and from starving to death. Our

through which the stream meanders from descending some moderately high table American Indians also ate them.

the the Mormon road from struck land altermiles, washing three forside to side Salt in the July 25, 1880, On River, Bear of ford to the lower settlement Aftei range. either base of thenately"Erastus Tabernacle, Snow, miles, came Lake in we or three whence, two ridge the this canyon, throughpassing

separated, and before us lay a most lovely, to what was called Brown's settlement* speaking of early epidemics of grassbroad open valley somewhat in the shape and rode up to quite an extensive assemhoppers and crickets in Utah, said:

stockaded picketed, log, buildings blage of and miles long 15 crescent about aof their destiin learned savages had "The cattle and outbuildings surrounded by and width, in miles five hemmed seven tofrom for visitations, profit these tution to by evidence affording yards. whole The and the south all especially sides,in on on all insects green the the devour would of when greater than far abundance, comfort and mountains, hills rocky lofty andwest by in things, devour turn they and would in a settlesee I so to expected new had the sides snow which of and the topupon this this insects. the ground, on on And ment."sun. the of morning raysglistened in the first city plot, savages of the company who

in the highest cheering scene wasThe the visited after the pioneer exchange camp, deHAVE quoted liberally from rich level, was valley, andgree. The their everetired to of salutations, prepare

covered with grass, springs broke out from Howard Stansbury's report, in ning repast, and they emptied out of their the mountains in every direction, and the order to prove positively that Ogsacks bushels of dried grasshoppers on to be appeared irrigationfacilities for their they supper. people which made Our present is the Ogden den's Hole breaking Creek, great. Ogden'svery to learned this yet, not had but had do site of present the Valley, and that crystal in a barriers, flows itsthrough providential it not appearance for the been

altois location a different the mountains of at base thestream on Ogden gulls, the of have been brought the half than rather for south, morethe reasons, not certain gether. to the the gather Foi same up wenecessity—towould it forces a pasvalley, the oflength when crickets subsist to and salt and dry them setearly the well known, Mormon divides which range thesage huge through upon."* designated tlers in County Weber Salt the desert"this the from of "gem

Lake Valley by a canyon, wild and almost North Ogden as Ogden's Hole, and We are thankful that our noble impassable (Ogden Canyon). On the at the time of the Buchanan Army pioneers did not have to resort to

little taking brook, beautiful anorth its troubles in 1857-8 North Ogden that measure. With our modern this separating elevatedrise in the group

from Cache Valley, washes the base of is named Ogden's Hole, and ranks education, our scientific knowledge, the western hills, and joins Ogden's Creek as the farthermost town north of and our social organization, if peojust before it enters the canyon, after Salt Lake City vacated by the Morple are willing to cooperate in latter discharges thepassing which through a River, tributary mons in the general move south in fighting an epidemic, we do not its waters into the Weber of the Great Salt Lake. Numerous bright the spring of 1858. There was need to fear these insect enemies that

little streams of pure, running water were still another place sometimes called afflicted our forefathers.

met with in abundance rendering this the most interesting and delightful spot we *The present Ogden. Improvement Era, Vol. 16, p. 75 3.

...

rTHE ARGONAUT Congratulates: The L. D. S. Men for "I would like to correct a little error, but not in the way

* making a semester average of 5,176, leading the entire of finding fault. She celebrated The Cinco de Mayo (5th

university (University of Idaho) scholarship race, and setting of May) for the Mexican Fourth of July, but I think the a new alltime record."Richard Stanton, Editor, The Idaho Mexican fourth of July is on the l 6th of September. Her

Argonaut, Thursday, March 27, 1934. father would know if anyone did. Ask him if you want

We also congratulate the L. D. S. men for that fine to be sure."

achievement. The letter containing the above paragraphs was signed

"In Arizona From Old Mexico."The post mark on the

Douglas, Arizona. envelope was the superior to traditionally111 students, men inWOMEN

lost the campus, scholarship Idaho realm of on group

LETTER, THIS USED111RY PERMISSION, IS for Institute S. the living in L. to D.that supremacy 22 men

the semester ending in February. * * * SELF EXPLANATORY

"The L. D. S. Institute has the distinction of being the LEWIS E. LAWES

first men's group on the campus to outrank all women's Ossining (Sing Sing) groups in scholarship. In winning first honors the L. D. S. New York

men merely repeated their performance for the second semester March 21, 1934.

last year the registrar's office reports."The Idaho Argonaut. My dear Dr. Knudson:

1 1 1 TN answer to your inquiry, the reason why playing cards are * experience, is because, in first institution this in permitted not of we Manana,"turned my to "The weWHEN its I concomitant their encourages use that find gambling and ere long, pleased, then somewhat were surprised—andLand

fights. evils feelings of and hard personalities therein inferences the contained andpained by the

kid bare,"writes a lady from the "Colonies,"Mrs. Grace (Signed) Lewis E. Lawes.

Zenor Pratt. Rev. Porter C. Knudson,

"With all due respects to the author of this narrative; to Scott Valley Parish,

her cleverness and versatility, yet we cannot but feel that she Etna, California.

has overstepped the limits of good journalism, to become sovery personal and to suggest to unacquainted readers the THE ERA A SEMI 111MONTHLY—AND IN THESE

lowly and unsophisticated condition of this far away and HARD TIMES

Saints continues. "Latterday Prattpeculiar people,"Mrs. Reno, Nevada,

this visited part of Mexico, mayand others who have draw Dear Brethren: '---

their own conclusions, but to strangers, what a unique posiWISH to congratulate you on the choice of material used tion we must hold in civilization, after such a page from I in the Era. We enjoy it as a spiritual feast and hope the

history! time may come when conditions will make it necessary to

the has modern, but most bits Historian's History in faithpromoting veiled his sarcasm and are of our manyone—even"There have been and still are many clever satirists, but no make the Era a semimonthly publication. I am sure there

wit, convention. the rules oftempered his with Leroi office testimony of Brother sources such as the and other

"These colonists are not my people, save by adoption C. Snow as it appeared in an Autumn number, that the

I would they were, I would be proud, indeed."members of the Church at large know nothing of. Such

Mrs. Pratt concludes a letter which accompanied the brief stories and incidents should be made familiar to our membersarticle in answer to Mrs. Cardon's article—which we cannot in order to increase their appreciation for the restoration ofprint in full—with this paragraph: "You may or may not the priesthood and the wonderful manifestations that have

use my name in connection with this article, that is imcome to the Church as a result of it. To my mind the Era

material to ask consideration kindly me, but I do your in this is and flourish as it continue doing to grow that. May it

willmatter. agree I think with that some apology you me brother, Sincerely done. your has

is the colonists of Mexico; due a different that impression be (Signed) Wm. R. Hurst.

left readers us here."your with do not who know 111 MEN""ARMS THE AND 111 TESTIMONIAL LETTER it cost figures, accountancy best to the ACCORDING like I to issue sent next new address. my my WOULD kill the to during War,"World about a man $25,000 -L very estimation love the magazine I think much. To my article in to and "Fortune"appeared an according which

that it is the best one on the market big business Digest. in of for any family. There condensed "One class "The Reader's

is reading every for of the household. member every time a this extravagance. For denounced men never

"I have every bound volume from the time it has been burst shell fragment found its way into the brain, the heart, printed in this form. I have many ask me where they could or the intestines of a man in the front line, a great part of

get such a book,"says Klein K. Skousen, c/o Skousen Brothers the $25,000 found its way into the pockets of these men, the

Camp, Williams, armament makers."

the of the people world be long will "like dumb How tc these great cattle"companies armament and allowTIHE March coverArizona.111of the Era is as lovely as a poem as I driven

* have read for some time,"says Mrs. Carl J. Christensen, force them into war for profit? If you are interested, read

of Long Island, New York. "If I were an artist I should love "Arms and the Men,"Readers Digest, or Fortune, May, 1934.

to paint all the moods of sky."111 Pocatello, Idaho. rEAR Editors: I think111I enjoy the Era more than I ever Dear Editors of the Era:

this visit the year us paid to Convention the June I did. been have wanting you not you do why

I. experience. OURfinest in all stronger A. dividends it bindingput a The to used our M. on like you Era—bindto ask

* * o'clock at us 8 gave the heldbefore the new Saturday morning together. * meeting Era and on went Y. theL. Journal

"I sure did enjoy reading 'The Land of Manana.'I enhope for the future and determination to carry on. Can we

joyed it more than all the other stories put together, and I hope to have the talks given in that meeting printed in the want to thank Leah for the lovely story and ask her to come Era? Every word must come to us.

again. There must be more where that came from. I want Sincerely,

to call her Leah as that is the name I knew her by; as I M. I. A. Worker.

have not seen her since she was a young girl, I don't know We can assure this worker, as well as others who have reif she would remember me, even if I would tell her my name. quested copies of the talks given in the Saturday morning

I would not mind telling her or you my name but I don't meeting, that they will be printed in the August and September care to tell everyone, so I'll keep you guessing. numbers of the Era. We are glad to be of service.

K x tW

it n mSL'---': '

lr mbt J 1:.':.- KM

WKKSSaL P* ****HHHiV pHyi

AI'l'UC.A. flOS to thv

toemfU-iiii Ufc tasu'ritnas Company

DECLARATION OF FINANCIAL INDEPENDENCE

Your signature on a Beneficial Life application is your declaration for future independence and happiness.

The safe savingsinvestment plan that positively does the job you wish done. Beneficial policyholders share in the net profits—their dividends have maintained the same high rate, year after year, and their

values have been available at any time—in cash—on demand.

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY

Directors heber j. grant

A. W. IVINS

J. REUBEN CLARK. JR.

GEO. J. CANNON

E. T. RALPHS

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH HGULIff B. F. GRANT

DAVID O. MCKAY

A. B. C. OHLSON

HEBER J. GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS. Gen. Mgr.

Home Office Salt Lake City