MSUBH&Auem

-***mm

**a "P***

*>"SC

. i- 77?y j Improvement Era June 1960

No jam tastes like the kind you make yourself!

Easy! Thrifty! No failures—and only oneminute boil with Certo or SureJell!

ijM iiH| ffSjl jgj

SureJell and Certo are Recipe: Strawberrry Jam. Stir in 7 cups sugar at once. Remove from heat; alterbrands of pectin... the fruit Crush 2 quarts fully ripe berries. Bring to full rolling boil; then nately stir and skim foam for 5

substance that causes jelling. The Mix 41/2 cups prepared fruit in boil hard 1 minute, stirring min. Ladle into 1 1 medium jars.

amount of pectin in fruits varies large saucepan with 1 box powconstantly. This short boil time Cover with paraffin.

—so SureJell or Certo takes the dered SureJell. (Or use liquid means less juice boils away. So SureJell and Certo

guesswork out of jam and jelly Certo—recipe on bottle.) Stir you get up to 50% higher yield are recommended

making. Easy recipes supplied over high heat until mixture—and fresher flavor! So much by General Foods GENERAL FOODS

with package and bottle. comes to boil. better than jam you can buy! Kitchens. KITCHENS

Let these "talking cookies"entertain your family and party guests with gems of wit & wisdom;-:::::::::..-.:.::::::;:::::;: mmmmmmmmm

lilt mmsm....:.:-;,

nmmmmm Wllllflf

! r?!s;s..;i;:::tS.:.iJllfiPilil'Mil';J;sfii.:!.:..;.:N'::

i.,,,,.:?:;S;o:v::SSiV;s'-;:i;:.::-.:.: "...III!

ill Si -:-:::..,.,...::...:.:.,:.m,.

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

—and when it comes to eating, you'll agree that

PURITY'S NEW

The Harrow The harrow was known in the cookiesRoman Empire where it was used nmurn for tearing out weeds. Perhaps in are SUPREME in FlavorRoman times, too, as well as in the

Middle Ages it was used for covering There's good fun for young and old—and mighty good eating

the seed, which it did faster than—in every bag of Fortune Cookies. Each cookie is numbered,the plow. The rolling cylinder of

oak fitted with iron spikes was em- f to 40, and the matching number on the back or sides of ployed during the Middle Ages for the bag tells your fortune. (Don't be superstitious; number 13 is

breaking difficult ground and for a good one, too!) Let fortune smile on you as you enjoyleveling the threshing floor.

the crisp pecans and rich cake goodness of Fortune Cookies by Purity.

Underwater Noises Studies have been made of the production of underwater noise by marine life by scientists of the Naval

Ordnance Laboratory. MeasureAt your favorite

ments along the Atlantic Coast of grocer's—a full

the United States found the frepound only 49<t quency (pitch) distribution of the sounds varied with location. The

amount of sound varied with the time of day. At Wolf Trap, Virginia, the

sounds were most intense in June and July at 9 p.m. By the action

of special drumming muscles against the fish's air bladder, the croaker fish makes a noise like the sound of an electric drill being driven into asphalt. The toadfish makes an

intermittent, lowpitched musical blast of about 1/2-second duration similar to that of a boat whistle. The

sea robin has a sound described as a "modulated, rhythmic squawk, squeal, or cackle, resembling noises ordinarily associated with a barnPurity Biscuit Co., Salt Lake Bowman Biscuit Co., Denver

yard."Divisions of United Biscuit Co. of America

JUNE I960 369 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for June 1960 Volume 63, Number 6

Church Features

The Editor's Page: To Be So Anchored, Tresident David O. McKay 382 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

Staff, 372, 376, art, 369; 380,

388389, 390391, 384,Your Question: Why Did the Lord Permit the Destruction of the Book of Era382,

Commandments? Joseph Fielding Smith 384 466, 468, 470471, 474, 480

General Conference: Duty of the Church to Teach Fundamentals, President Lillian,Dale Kilbourn,382 art, 385

David O. McKay...... - - 394 VirginiaDave Burton,Sargent,art, art,392386, 387

The True Word of Jesus, President J, Reuben Clark, Jr 395 H.DobsonArmstrongBroadhead,Roberts,sketches,470 394441

Watch and Be Prepared, President Henry D. Moyle 399

Joseph Smith's First Prayer, President Joseph Fielding Smith 401

General Conference Index - 374

The Church Moves On, 378; Melchizedek Priesthood, "Lest We Forget,"366; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 368.

Special Features

The Junior Partner, Morris A. Shirts 380

What Is An Ideal Family? Cone, W. Cleon Skousen 392

Are You Talking with Them or to Them? James B. Allen 390

The Language of the Book of Mormon, by the late James L. Barker 388

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans.... 446, 448, 452, 458, 462

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 369; These Times: The Contest with the Russian

Economy, G. Homer Durham, 372; Letters and Reports, 376; Fathers, June Holbrook, 457.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

This Happy Atmosphere 470 To a Teenage Girl.... - 474

The Last Word - ----- 480

Stories, Poetry

Squeebe, Orvid E. Howell... - 385

Don't Be a Dead Pigeon, Genevieve Van Wagenen 386

Poetry 406, 409, 416, 426, 440, 442, 446, 448, 454, 456, 475, 477, 478

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah

COVER: THE Elizabeth Associate Managing Editor; C. Josephson, Marba Managing Green, Editors; Doyle and Richard L Evans David McKay O Editor; FamilyEditor; RalphJ. ReynoldsMorrnT, B. Todays Pinnock, Associate; Editorial Florence Editor; G. Kinnear. Research L.John Zobell, Jr., L. Editor; Albekx Production and Breaks Morning "The

Directors. Art Maiiyon, Ei) and fleeing. will.. be."the shadows soon Editors. Contributing Sperry, B. Sidney Nibley, R. Hunter, Hugh Harris, S. Franklln Durham, C. Homer F. Bennett, Archibald has camera Wadsworth's Nelson But Director; Subscription Snarr, A. Glen Manager; Business Scott, Manager; Verl F Jr.,GeneralMilton Associate S. Reeder, Bertha General Manager; Bentley, T. at Hamblin Jacob "Morning caught

Representative. Advertising Regional Evans, JosephThayer cover. for the Era Arch"

Holein-theRock is the locale The All rights Saints. Latterday of Christ of the Jesus of Associations Church Improvement the Mutual Inc., published and by Funds, Mutual by Copyright Utah. of southern area issues. for special except single copy, 25c in advance; year, a $3.00 subscriptions, foreign in year, advance; a price, i960Subscription reserved. S2.50

section in Act for 1103. provided of postage special rate at mailing for matter. Acceptance City, as secondclass OITicc, Salt Utah Post the at Lake Entered

191S. 2, authorized 1917, July of October

at of he the rate for acceptance 1 on are paid Manuscripts contributions. welcomes manuscripts but is unsolicited for responsible not Era Improvement The

return. delivery for and sufficient postage bv accompanied be must word a and in full color Address lithographed magazine. of the issue Cover recent a slip address from please include change, a of address. for is notice change When required days'Thirty

Press. is News by Deseret included. one the as as well address old newordering the unless cannot be changes made

370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA summer,. reading recommendations

i.

YOUTH OF IB! NOBLE BIRTHRIGHT RIGHT

These are the Series of Fireside Chats given throughout the

Church by the General Authorities the first thirteen Sunday evenings of 1960. They include President McKay's talk on

"Courtship and Marriage,"and twelve other discourses by Mark

E. Petersen, Marion D. Hanks, Spencer W. Kimball, Howard W.

Hunter, and Harold B. Lee. Thirteen fullpage illustrations

and a frontispiece of President McKay. Alma Rand Clea Burton

1.75 2. STORIES FROMSTORIES FROM MORMON HISTORY

Alma P. and Clea Burton MORMON

Dozens of stirring stories, many of them littleknown, taken from early Mormon history are now compiled in this singlevolume for absorbing reading and use in preparing lessons and MISTORY talks. Selections include a variety of incidences such as Karl G.

Maeser's conversion, William Clayton's description of a buffalo stampede, and others.

3.50

A READER FOR THE TEACHER

Compiled by A. Hamer Reiser READER

outstanding from Here's for the teacher a LDS new help teachers '""'-fir/Sift'THE:: Bennion, Lowell as Q. Cannon, George such G. Maeser, Karl

Marion G. Merkeley, and others. These selections brought together in a single volume discuss discipline in the classroom,

preparation and organization of lesson material, use of variousteaching aids, etc. They are the best that have appeared over -rgACHER

the years in The Instructor Magazine.

3.50

FAITH IN A DAY OF ONDELIEF

David H. Yarn, Jr.

Those who are searching for a book on the LDS viewpoint to pass onto nonmembers will appreciate this newly published volume that crystallizes the "First Principles"in a compact form and gives forthright answers on many doctrinal questions.

1.95

Co. DesoretESlBooh

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City. Utah I in a fajtfutim

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: will find Enclosed you J*** charge. account. Please

books: encircled for (numbered) Amount( ) checkenclosed( $) money order ( ) I have art &*& H.vm

3 4 Name 12

Address

City Zone State.

Residents of Utah please include 2'/2% sales tax.

JUNE i960 371 WANTED These Times VACUUM TUBE PRODUCTION ENGINEERS In Salt Lake City

Are you interested in moving or returning to Salt Lake City?

If you have a BS degree in ElecThe Contest with trical Engineering and have 3-5 years vacuum tube experience, this is your opportunity. the Russian Economy

Monitor production facilities for power vacuum tubes. Work with by Dr. G. Homer Durham

production personnel to reduce Vice President, University of Utah manufacturing costs, increase yield and improve quality of product. The longfamous "cold war"now affinity with fellow Asian countries

These responsible positions provide has its urgent "fronts"in the realm which have suffered the ills of under- a high starting salary and an exof space missiles, cultural exchange, development.

cellent opportunity for growth in and economic competition. Immediate political objectives and

a company recognized as a leader Following is a digest of a recent tactics of the Communists vary conin its field. Congeniality and high State Department Publication, No. siderably from country to country.

employee morale are coupled with 6777. It reveals the official US The Soviet Union's purposes in

a liberal program of employee beneconcern for the economic phase. giving economic aid to India and

fits, including group life, medical, "International communism—inBurma are different from those inand hospital insurance, 8 paid holispired, spearheaded, and financed by volved in Egypt and Syria or in Latin

days, paid interview and moving Moscow—persists in wanting to comAmerica.

expenses, profit sharing, 100% munize the world. One of the most important objectuition refund plan, and vacations. "Russia began about 1954 to use tives of the Soviets is to establish

Salt Lake City, at the base of the economic programs to gain greater their influence in crucial uncomRocky Mountains, provides a influence in the less developed counmitted areas by acquiring good will, friendly, wholesome atmosphere for tries. especially among powerful key

unexcelled leisure living. "The Soviet economic offensive groups.

feeds on the ambitions as well as To accomplish this objective, the

Send resumes or inquiries in the dissatisfactions of the less deSoviet economic deals are designed strict confidence to: veloped countries of the free world."to fit into the context of broader

political activities in the area, such

Personnel Department "The Primary Motivation—as supporting Arab, Indian, Afghan,

Political Gain"and Indonesian national aspirations.

EITELMcCULLOUGH, INC. 1678 Pioneer Road Together with the USSR, Com- "Propaganda Objective—

Salt Lake City, Utah munist China seeks to impress lessExploiting National developed countries, particularly in Aspirations"

Southeast Asia, with its progress toward industrialization and to recThe specific propaganda points ommend its type of planned and conwhich the USSR seeks to impress trolled economy as a model for Asian upon the lessdeveloped countries economic development. In so doing, are woven into its economic offenthe Communists carefully conceal sive.

the cost in loss of human freedom In doing this, the propaganda side and dignity; however, they stress the (Continued on page 478)

'EIMAC—The World's Largest

Manufacturer of Transmitting Tubes."

372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

. Still the greatest

T -: 1; 1>. isM:;: |pl,T >vy frW'W:W W T # #:f W

50 years, and 12 million friends later!

Born 50 years ago, The Book of standing encyclopedia for children modern, upto-date. Throughout the

Knowledge has earned a cherished written in narrative style, in lanyears, millions of dollars have been place in the hearts of millions of guage they understand. Its thouspent in editorial revisions to keep

children. sands of pictures thrill young readers pace with the changing times.

Parents ask: "7s it the same, excitand lead them to explore new and But whether it be 1910, 1960 or

ing, easyto-read encyclopedia that fascinating fields of knowledge. The 1990, The Book of Knowledge, you

helped me to get good marks in Book of Knowledge has retained the may be sure, will never lose its charm.

school?"Yes. The basic philosophy quality of 50 years experience. It is Mail the coupon below for your

of The Book of Knowledge has never unique because it causes those who free copy of "Ride The Magic changed. Children turn to it today as have it to want to learn. It makes Carpet"containing 24 thrillpacked

they did 50 years ago, for it is their learning a pleasure, not a drudgery. pages taken from The Book of

constant companion. It is the outToday's Book of Knowledge is new, Knowledge.

MAIL THIS FREE BOOKLET COUPON

The Grolier Society Inc.,

Putnam Valley, New York Please send me "RIDE THE MAGIC CARPET,"the 24page fullcolor booklet taken from the newest editionTHE BOOK OF it is FREEof THEand BOOKwithoutOF obligation.KNOWLEDGE. I understand

There are.children in my family, ages.

ADDRESS.KNOWLEDGE CITY The Children's Encyclopedia STATE Era, June 1960 j L The Improvement

answers every question your child can ask I960, The Grolier Society Inc.

JUNE l h)60 373 April Conference Index

SPEAKERS

Benson, Ezra Taft 427 Brown, Hugh B 412 Buehner, Carl 421 Christiansen, EIRay W L. 409

Critchlow, William J., Jr. 405

Clark, J. Reuben, Jr 395

Evans, Richard L 402 Hanks, Marion D. 431

Hinckley, Gordon B 425 Hunter, Milton R 438 Isaacson, Thorpe B 413 Ivins, Antoine R 408 Kimball, Spencer W. 426

Lee, Harold B 433 Longden, John 436 McKay, David 394, 441 Morris, George Q 429 Moyle, Henry D 399 Petersen, Mark E 406 Richards, LeGrand 431 Romnev, Marion G 435 418 W 417 Sill,Smith,SterlingEldred G

Smith, Joseph Fielding 401 Sonne, Alma 411 Stapley, Delbert Leon 420 Tavlor, Henry D. 439

Tuttle, A. Theodore 423

Wirthlin, Joseph L 403 Young, Levi Edgar 415 Young, S. Dilworth 424

SUBJECTS

Aaronic Priesthood 402, 421 Advertising 413 Australia 420 Blessings 441 Book of Mormon 405, 435, 438 British Mission 423 Church history 415 Columbus 415 Communism 394, 427, 429 Example 394, 418, 425 Faith.420 418 Fathers Prepare for the Future Forgiveness 438

Freedom 427 Genealogy 409 405 Golden Plates At a Great University Gospels, the 402, 438

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, one of the great uniHonestyHonor 413406 versities of the world, offers finest education in 55 departInstitutesJesus Christ 395, 423411 ments of instruction. The students come from every state JewsJoseph Smith 401, 421, 429426

in the Union and many foreign countries, and because of Law 431 superior training are in demand over the nation. They MayMissionsDay 420, 433, 431435

. 399, 408, 425, 431, 436 study on this fastgrowing, beautiful campus with finest MortalityMissionaries facilities and staffed with an outstanding faculty trained Men, Great 426402

in a hundred universities and colleges. NephiPatriarchal Blessings 438417

Pilgrims...415

439 It PLUS THERE spiritual Preparedness BUT provides AT BYU - IS A Restoration 401 in to addition growth physical. the academic and Resurrection 438 Through

its democratic spirit, counseling facilities and religious orScienceScout Oath 406412 ganizations, BYU retains all the friendliness of the small Second Coming 399 college while providing all the advantages of a big uniSeminariesSeventies 408423 versity. StakesSons 420, 418433

Temple Work 409 Temptation 394, 441 CLIP AND MAIL TributeTestimonyto a Great Teacher408, 411, 421, 431, 433424 of Wisdom 394ffTO: Public Relations Department PLAN NOW WordYouth 431 Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah TO ATTEND

NOTE: Elder Howard W. Hunter of the Council Please send the of addressed of charge the radio additional Twelve information nationwide me free School Summer of audience Broadcasting the Columbia System University. interested especiallyabout Brigham Young I am

; on the the of "Church Air"Elder Alvin R. 1st Term, is in president Europe June 13 Dyer as of the European

R. spoke; President Bruce McConkie

session. 2nd Term, July 18 atMissionsthe priesthood Mr. Sumner G. Whittier, Administrator of Veterans'Affairs, WashNAME - Autumn Semester ington,All sermonsD. C, willbrieflybe foundaddressedin thethe conference.Conference

ADDRESS Registration Report pamphlet.

CITY STATE. Sept. 2627

374 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA!ZlO JV<[ I

for summer play and dressup, too all the boys like RamblCord continentals—new

luxury fabric made exclusively by

Farah. 100% super combed cotton,

Sanforized, fast color, wash'n'wear.

Tots walking shorts, silver olive, gold, brown, beige, sizes 2 to 7......2.98

Boys slacks, charcoal, silver olive, beige, gold, sizes 4 to 12 3.98

sizes 13 to 18 4.98

Boys walking shorts 3.50

Men's slacks, natural beige, silver olive, gold, 28 to 38 5.95 ZCMI INFANTS—Second Floor

—Shipping Charge—ZCMIZCMI MEN'SBOYS—StreetSPORTSWEAR—StreetFloor Floor

infants, 24c; boys and men's, 35c

wait! save at the bank with the backing"

Bankby-mail service makes it convenient for you to have a savings account at Zions First National.

Deposits and withdrawals can be made through the mail.

Preaddressed, postagepaid envelopes are furnished free by the bank.

Your savings will be safer.*

*Zions First National has more of its own money backing each dollar of your savings than nearly any other bank or savings institution in America.

* 3% guaranteed interest on insured savings.

ZIONS FIRST NATIONAL first

102 Office: South Main

70 East South Temple ZionsBox 1 709First—NationalSalt LakeBankCity, Utah South 235 Main

4847 Highland Drive Please open a savings account in the name(s) below.

M.-mb.-r F.ikral Deposit InBurtmciCorporation I have enclosed $... ($1.00 or more) in check

or money order as my initial deposit.

RETURN Name THIS Name {Joint Accounts) COUPON Address City Zone State

JUNE 1960 375 Letters and Reports

Tremonton, Utah he could officially be named an Eagle

Dear Editors: Scout.

for junior lias leader a qualified He Outside, delightful day. has a This been

of the to elected the Order award, was cold a are gray skies and and leaden the fraternity), scouting school high (a Arrow is inside, there blowing; but north wind

for is leader senior patrol as serving and Helps just is your read for have SAFEWAY gloom no we also awarded troop. been his has He of book our in the Era review new A

for his Silver Palm sufficient merit badges the Story Prophet Brigham Child's of required the as waits out as soon he award is It truly beautiful—so and Young. warm Future of theFarmers indian time. received Michael of length feel It quite us humble generous. makes

last his priesthood for year vidual award grateful. so very and

addition. in work for the you congratulate that to wish believes firmly Safeway We

agriculture is the foundation stone wonderful magazine you are helping to of our nation's economy. It is produce.

kindness and for your we you Thank responthe that imperative men will bless keep and you that God Stake Conferthe At topray Ben Lomond MIA nation for sible the feeding you. in Mrs. Mr. Utah, Kenneth and ence Ogden, as the as strong be men morrow Affectionately, the received and Hull Master Lee Man M so well the iob doing are who

pins. Gleaner awards Golden and

today. Neeley Glen and Deta is Mrs. of son the Mr. and Kenneth

For that reason. Safeway takes Robert R. Hull of Ogden and RaMona is

pride in encouraging the farm the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Marvin M.

leaders ol the future. Safeway Neeley of Franklin, Idaho. Kenneth was

has consistently cooperated with 4-H and FFA groups, as well as Los Angeles, California profunior Achievement the with Middleton Sister Dessie L. Newman

vear Safeway partiLast gram. Angeles, Los L. Middleton), (Mrs. D.

cipated in all maior funior California just celebrated her one hundred

Livestock shows held in Utah and and second (102) birthday March 11,

Idaho and paid premium prices, 1960. She was born in Lehi, Utah, then

above market, for all animals purknown as Deseret. She looks forward to

chased. These premium prices each issue of the Era which she reads and

other the Era and has had She youngsters enjoys. were paid to encourage for in publications her home LDS Church livestock business. in the is has years. motto and Her many, many

Scholarships to all major schools been "Learn something new each day"in Utah and Idaho were awarded which she still tries to put to use and the to deserving students under the Era keeps her up to date with the younger

Safeway scholarship plan, and generation of the Church.

hundreds of young workers have Perl M. Dodge

been given an opportunity for parttime or fulltime work at Safeway Stores of the area. graduated from Ogden High School and

interest in youth Saieway's reWeberSeminary.CollegeHe andis alsoInstitute.a graduateHe is fromnow interest in the its genera] flects

welfare of the communities which willattendinggraduateUtahin Statethe springUniversityfrom whereboth thehe it serves. university and the institute. He has filled

a stake and fulltime mission. He has reFRIEND OF THE FAMILY hoodceived programseveral 100%and hasawardsbeenin verythe priestactive

Stake. Ben Lomond the 29th Ward, FRIEND OF THE FARMER in

Preston High graduated from RaMona

Pictured above is Michael Meservy who, School and Seminary. She has achieved

at 13 years of age, was recently recogeight years of 100% attendance at Sunday nized as the first Eagle Scout in Troop School, Sacrament meetings, and Mutual.

70, Logan 13th Ward, Mount Logan She received her Honor Bee, Second Year (Utah) Stake. MIA Joy Award, and her Silver Gleaner.

Having earned a sufficient number of While attending the 29th Ward in Ogden SAFEWAY merit badges last fall Michael had to wait she was Sports Director in the Mutual.

out the required length of time before (Continued on page 460)

376 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wellknown construction superintendent Frank Lemperle with volunteer workers at site of new church buildingo

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many.'f*C Si -*****!

leading citizens do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other IK Instant "j artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. POSTUM

Make sure you always have Postum on hand. HFFE,NVj

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

JUNE 1960 377

BENNETTS

KriliKote INSTANT PAINT

The Church

Moves On

JUST OPEN AND STIR March 1960

Holladay Stake receives new leadership as Elder A. RayCurtis, the first counselor to President Bernard P. Brockbank,

was sustained as president. Elder William Wayne Prince,

second counselor to President Brockbank, sustained as first counselor.

Elder Marvin E. Pugh sustained as second counselor. President

Brockbank is called as president of the Northern British Mission. The

Holladay area of Salt Lake County is said to have been named in honor of John Holladay, an earlier settler on Cottonwood Creek....

In Granite Stake, Elder Spencer H. Osborn sustained as first counselor, succeeding Elder C. Laird Snelgrove, who is called as

president of the Argentine Mission; Elder Leonidas D. Mecham

sustained as second counselor succeeding Elder Osborn.

Carolyn Dunn reappointed to the YWMIA general board;

PAINT YOUR ROOM Annie H. Olson appointed to the Primary general board.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Richard W. Maycock as president of the Northern States

Mission, succeeding President Richard C. Stratford. President Maycock, currently serving as a high councilman in Monument

Park (Salt Lake City) Stake, will be accompanied to the mission field by his wife and five of their six children. Their oldest son is

expecting a mission call himself. With headquarters in Chicago,

the Northern States Mission comprises Illinois, Wisconsin, and

Iowa. When the name "Northern States"was first applied to a

mission in 1890, the area embraced was twentytwo states and part of Canada.

CLEAN UP WITH WATER The Deseret Sunday School Union announced the appointment of two seminary teachers to their board—Elders Golden

Easier painting! No solvents. No fumes. No mess. L. Berrett and Marshall T. Burton.

Bennett's KriliKote comes ready to use (if thinHistory repeated itself when Mar Vista Ward won the alh ning is desired, just add water). Gives walls a rich Church M Men basketball tournament for the second time in two

flat finish, cures to a tough film that's washable. years. This time they defeated Lomita, fellow Californians, by a

1,322 Colorizer colors! score of 4642. Other finalists were Logan 18th, third; Ogden 12th,

consolation; Roosevelt 4th, fifth place; Snowflake 2nd, sixth.

In the college division, Brigham Young 22nd won over Utah 5th,

(consolation); Utah State 5th, and Southern California. This was Cottyuzem with a score of 4543, followed by Arizona State, Snow College

the 38th season tournament as the long known for the M Men, largest world's basketball league. on page65 W. 1st South PAINTS 21st So. & 2nd West Bennett's Branches 455 ( Continued

and Dealers in the Intermountain Area and So. California

and Dealers in the Intermountain Area and So. Calif.

378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ANNOUNCING HUGH B. BROWNA Thrilling Biography

Rich with the authentic SPEAKS ON flavor of the old West MARRIAGE

Fact or Fantasy Off the presses June 15th

GIANT OF THE LORD

by James S. Brown

Violence, unbelievable hardship, suspense, and terror fill the pages of this wholly absorbing autobiography of a valiant pioneer. The remarkable detail, narrated in such a matter - of - fact manner and sprinkled

with lively anecdotes, make engrossing reading as you endure the hardships of the famed Mormon Battalion, brawl with drunken desperados, thrill with the discovery of gold, are terrorized by Indians, and finally join the Saints in the barren valley of the Great Salt Lake.

Then follows an enthralling account of hairraising experiences in the Tahitian Islands where legends and superstitions menaced his every path... and persecutions from

infuriated ministers caused him to be sentenced to a fiery death. His

miraculous deliverance from the hands of the raging natives will tinHere is a masterfully written book gle your spine.

When he returned to the Saints which deals with downto-earth problems in the States, he filled several excitin such a fascinating way that every husing missions among the warlike band and wife—every bride and groom, Jusf a few of the

IndiansShoshone served as and Intoo—will enjoy its rare insight. Drawing fascinatingchapters: scout,dian narrowly escaping death

at the hands of murderous war upon years of experience as a practicing parties. attorney, serviceman's coordinator, and LDS Concept of Marriage

Modesty—Hallmark of a lady

a fascinating followed Then mismarriage consultant, Elder Brown careDignifying or Debasing sexsion rich spiritual in England where experiences will intrigue and inspire fully covers the many aspects of marriage Maturity—a continuing process

you. As he returns to Utah, you'll from the prerequisites through the ripenThe Waste of Worry

see the West grow up. ing years. This book should be in every Enriching Life Together

But that is far from the end of the Latterday Saint home. Building a Home

turbulent experiences of irrepressible Children in the Home

James S. Brown! He lost a leg, was Inlaws—Get Off the Boat

fitted with an artificial limb, and returned to the Society Islands as Finance

Mission President! This bizarre and Soft Discipline and hard knocks

haunting account of the life of this "giant of the Lord"will stimulate and fascinate you. We challenge you mmm

to read it, for once you start, you'll want to read every dramapacked

It stop. will before be off youpage

TRADE 15th. pressesthe about Watch June BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S.v >, mmmmmmmmmmmL,, it favoritefor bookstore. at your mm mms mm

( Advertisement 1186 SOUTH MAIN DA 8-0566 J **%! If T rl1A I ft* $V# %jS 1 pt %*.?%*d &lis1 WSSp1 I*%?m I I V *:51 I i Y

fl jOj ft f *f i 1 I #-,W #* 0Tf#

# %f\ AC m,

fTTl %,.&.

1 Ml 'JW III

/"& 1.8ftJLW JL S I -mm

the Junior Partner.

by Morris A. Shirts

I am an executive in a rather important firm. Bechologist to settle arguments, large and small, and to

cause of its importance, I spend long hours daily help adjust claims and counterclaims so as not to dealing with the business at my office and going disturb personalities.

wherever business requires me to go. I leave home Psychiatrist: I am serving also as a fulltime psyearly in the morning and get home late at night. chiatrist, as it is my job to know these people intimately

Business has been pretty good recently. So good, in so as to be able to predict actions and reactions during

fact, that I have decided that additional help is necesemergencies.

sary, and to take over when I am gone. I advertised DieticianCook: I must also prepare three wellfor a junior partner and received a stack of applicabalanced meals for this group and make sure they

tions. They are all pretty much alike—routine answers eat the proper foods and in the right quantities.

to routine questions—date of birth, age, nationality, Teacher: It is my duty to teach and instruct this

etc. However, one of them attracted my attention group in ethics, morality, spirituality, and secular

when I got down to the item on "Past Experiences and learnings.

Positions."Here on this application was a list of Purchasing Agent: I also act as purchasing agent

qualifications which extended for several pages. The for clothing of all kinds as well as equipment and

list was incredible! I couldn't believe that one person supplies and foodstuffs. This is quite a task at times

could have had such a background and still be alive! of scarcity, but we have managed quite well so far.

The applicant was either a liar or a genius gifted FinancierAccountant: Among other things, it is

with administrative ability. The possibility of obtainmy duty to balance the books, make the investments,

ing such a person for my firm would not let me assume and see that the bills of this organization are paid.

the applicant to be a liar, so I read down the list. It Servant: It falls to my lot also to be the servant of

went something like this: this organization. I do the laundry and the janitorial

work in my spare time. During slack seasons, I also

Physician: I have the complete responsibility for clean the windows and tidy up the outside of our

the health and wellbeing of several people. I am on establishment.

call during daylight and darkness to attend to their The list went on for several pages. The ability of

needs. this person as an organizer and manager was obvious;

Nurse: In addition to the above, I also serve as the but at this point I was sure I could not afford such

day and night nurse for this group, getting up all an accomplished person, and hurried to the next hours of the night to take temperatures, administer question. "What salary will you expect, and why do

medicine, and give comfort. During the day I am you want to change jobs?"The answer was astoundalso on duty to give first aid and treat all kinds of ing. "I want no salary, I just want to be your Junior

minor aches and pains and injuries. Partner."I then, of course, turned over the page to

LawyerPsychologist: I am also serving as a psysee the signature which read, "Your Wife."

380 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hungry

mm

Get the answers... at Utoco Dealers

. always just aheadI

All over this area, Utoco Dealers displaying the "As You Travel"sign are ready to answer your travel

questions.

Let your Utoco dealer plan your trip, too. It's very simple. Fill in a card at

any Utoco dealer displaying the "As

You Travel"sign indicating your trip plans, and you'll receive detailed routings and maps from the Utoco

Travel Center in advance of your trip.

Also enjoy dependable car care, finest products, clean rest rooms.

Utah Oil Refining Company for Bonus Miles—get ULTRAPOWER Gasoline—with Builtin Gas Savers

JUNE I960 381 The Editor's Page

To Be So Anchored

by President David O. McKay

Years ago, the good ship Marama had anchored off the island of Rarotonga, and the passengers who desired to go ashore had to sail in small boats to the landing. When asked why he didn't run his vessel

nearer the shore, Captain Aldwell replied by pointing to huge steel ribs lying wavebeaten on the reef, grim and solemn reminders of the result of going too near the submerged coral in a treacherous harbor! A

few years previously the captain of that wrecked vessel had anchored, and undoubtedly in ordinary circumstances all would have been safe and well; but

in the sudden storm that arose, he had been unable to get his ship to sea, and in spite of strenuous efforts, he had seen his beloved ship dashed upon the rocks.

But the commander of the Marama had not only anchored but had anchored in safety.

It is glorious when one's soul is so anchored, for when it is, it is anchored in truth. When this is the

case, life is truly a joy. Notwithstanding the trials and

difficulties incident to everyday life, such a one finds a solace entirely unknown to the one who is drifting.

Storms of passion and tempests of doubt may wreck the drifter on the rocks of despair, but they spend their fury in vain upon the man or woman of faith.

Faith is the great need of the world today, faith that there is a God in heaven, who is real, not just a force, but a Father who hears prayers and answers them, the Father of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.

111! Faith in God cannot of course be other than perTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA

sonal. It must be yours; it must be mine; and, to be Jesus Christ. If we do, we surely cannot help expresseffective, must spring from the mind and heart. ing that belief in a constant desire to emulate the

To be so anchored in faith is the sincere desire of Savior's manhood; to cultivate his gentleness; to parevery honest person; but the great question How? is take of his purity; to practise his forgiveness; to make

always clamoring for an answer. Fortunately, an his sinless, perfect life our constant guiding star, our

answer has been given in sacred literature. Ether, in one hope and aspiration.

the Book of Mormon, proclaimed: Faith in God—faith in Jesus Christ as the Savior of

"... whoso believeth in God might with surety hope the world; faith in his gospel as a guide through

for a better world,... which hope cometh of faith, life; a faith that springs from the heart and is theremaketh an anchor to the souls of men, which would fore genuine; a faith that moves to noble and Godlike

make them sure and steadfast, always abounding in action—such a faith is an anchor to the soul, immovgood works, being led to glorify God."(Ether 12:4.) able—infinite!

This being true, surely we have found the answer Such is the faith that inspired the apostles of the to the longing of the heart; for to sense nearness to Lord. Such, the faith that gave strength and peace

God, to have an unwavering confidence in him as our even in martyrdom to the despised and persecuted

Father, and to know that he has a divine plan of early Christians! Such is the faith that opened the

salvation for his children, is to have the surest, safest heavens to the BoyProphet Joseph Smith. Such is

anchor known to humanity. the faith that is the uplifting power among the leaders

But note that the Prophet Ether said: "... whoso of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

believeth in God...."There is a difference between today!

believing and believing in. As I once wrote in a All who have such faith, though they may be tossed

lesson manual that was used by the elders of the about in a tempestuous world, have nevertheless the

Church: We may believe what a person says without safest and most steadfast anchor of the soul. Pray for

believing in him. If we believe in a person, we imply it; strive for it; there is no salvation without it.

that we admire that person's character, and desire to Every man will do well to pray with Emerson: "Oh,

emulate his worthy example. We naturally make a God, make me willing to be willing to do thy will."

part of ourselves the virtues we see in our ideal. The responsibility, therefore, of making the world

Now, with this thought in view, let us ask ourselves better belongs to you, and to you, and to millions of in deep earnestness if we really and truly believe in others professing his name.

JUNE 1960 383

Your Question

Answered by

Joseph Fielding Smith President of the Council of the Twelve

WHY DID THE LORD

PERMIT THE DESTRUCTION OF THE BOOK OF COMMANDMENTS?

Question: first edition of the Doctrine and Covenants was pub-

"A question that has disturbed me greatly is why lished in Kirtland, Ohio. This publication contained

the Lord permitted the mob to destroy the press, and the revelations that had been printed in Independence the Book of Commandments when it was so nearly and others that had been subsequently received, thereready for publication, and the revelations had been for it was better than the Book of Commandments approved by the Lord; the sheets had been dedicated would have been. The destruction of the printed

to the Lord; and the people had worked so hard copies in Independence delayed the publication

to finance and print them. There must be a reason, temporarily, but it permitted these evilminded men to

but I do not understand it."fill the measure of their wickedness.

How different it was in the attempt of wicked men

Answer to destroy the plates of the Book of Mormon. Every

In the beginning our Eternal Father gave to man plot failed, and every attempt to destroy the manuhis agency. This great gift permits every soul to act script and prevent the publication came to naught,

on his own judgment or desire. He may be obedient and the Lord protected the publication to the end.

to law and order, righteousness and truth, or he may A great loss has come to the world in the mutilation take the opposite course without interference from of the original records of the ancient prophets. We

our Father in heaven. Because of this agency, and may, however, be sure that the Lord has preserved

the activity of Satan, 1 wickedness has prevailed in the in his own way the records and writings of the anworld from the beginning. Contrary to the commandcient prophets, and he has promised to reveal them

ments of the Lord that men should live in peace and in their purity in his own way and time, 2 but he perrighteousness and respect the rights of others, they mitted Satan and his emissaries to remove from these have used this agency to rebel against God and commit records many of the most plain and precious parts all manner of sin. The mission of Lucifer, as we all and because of this the inhabitants of the world

should know, is to fight truth and destroy the works stumble in unbelief and darkness and Satan has great of the Lord and the salvation of mankind if he can. power over them. 3 We may not always see clearly

In the destruction of the printed sheets of the Book and thus we stumble and cherish false ideas in relaof Commandments it was the intention of the mob to tion to the work of the Lord. Perhaps in the apostate

destroy the work of the Lord which had been started. condition of the world, the Lord permitted the enePerhaps they thought they had succeeded. The destrucmies of truth to remove these plain and wonderful

tion of the press and the printed copies of the revelatruths for in their darkened minds and lacking of tions did not retard the work which continued to divine direction, they would not have understood progress and spread in various parts of the world. them.

The plottings and evil intentions of the enemies of We should all be assured that the Lord has never truth never succeed in the end. Their victories are relinquished his control and his power to bring to

always temporary and the Lord overrules them. pass his purposes according to his will in his own due

This destruction of the Book of Commandments time and manner. He permits men to go just so far,

occurred in July 1833, but the publication of the and then he stops them if they have plans that are revelations was retarded only until 1835, when the contrary to his decrees.

2Ether 4:6-7.

1Moses 5:13. 31 Nephi 13:2429.

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dead. He had a stepmother of sorts. He was

thirteen.

Melvin was in trouble at school. Someone had

written stuff in a girl's textbook. The girl accused

Melvin. The handwriting matched his. Melvin made

an emphatic denial, but guilt was large on his face.

The longsuffering school superintendent, exasperated, called in the school board, three men and two women. Reluctantly he recommended the reformatory. Drastic, but in view of repeated offensesvandalism, thefts, etc., he felt that it was the last

resort.

Two board members agreed at once; three demurred.

"Reform school never helped a kid,"one man said.

One woman thought they should try to reach the boy, get him to erase the offensive words and apologize. "Ask forgiveness,"was the way she put it. "If SQUEEBE"only someone could get under his skin,"she said.

The superintendent smiled cynically. He knew the

thickness of Melvin's skin. They finally voted three

to two to let the matter rest for a while and get various people of the little community to talk to Melvin—to

try to pierce the "hard shell."

The woman trustee tried. Melvin was unabashed

and rock firm. Melvin's father tried. But he understood livestock better than he did boys. He lost his

temper. The mathematics instructor tried nextMelvin was a whiz in math—the man got nowhere.

They asked me to try. I'd had Melvin in a Scout

troop briefly—too briefly. He couldn't look me in the

by Orvid E. Howell eye, but his will never wavered. We all gave up.

No one thought of Joe, the old RFD mail carrier.

No one knew that he and Melvin were sort of buddies. Melvin called him Uncle Sam. He called

Melvin, Squeebe.

Because I taught school for twenty years and worked "Hear you got trouble, Squeebe,"he offered.

with boys in scouting, many people ask me, "What Melvin registered surprise. "Me? I got trouble?

about this startling increase in juvenile delinquency?"Nix."

Of course, as there is no single cause for it, there is "You lie through your teeth,"the old man said no universal panacea. One thing we as individuals firmly. "And what's more, you know you're plumb

and as organizations can do is to seek out and try to wrong."

help the boy who is at the crossroads; the point in his Then he put his arm around the boy, and his voice

life when he will either go up or go down. Despite softened. "I alius liked you, Squeebe,"he said.

the fact that many children seem so calloused that "You're too darn good a kid to ack this way. I knowed

nothing will help them, I have seen few who could not your mother, Squeebe. Fine woman. You take after

be helped if the right person came along at the right her."

time and said or did the right thing. Squeebe's chin quivered. The shell crumbled. He

I have stood at the crossroads myself. I have seen went back to school, made things right, and gave no

many at the crossroads. For instance, there was more trouble.

Melvin. That was more than thirty years ago. Old Joe is

Melvin's father was wellrespected, a successful dead. Melvin is a successful CPA. He has two boys

farmer, a county commissioner. Melvin's mother was of his own.

JUNE 1960 385 B1ST A maid pimon One day our family visited the beautiful Seattle ments the bear devoured his helpless, foolish, little

Zoo. We were standing in front of an enclosure or victim and there was little evidence left on the floor

large cage containing a Sun Bear. The cage was of the cage to tell of the sad experience that had just

completely enclosed. Over the bars of the cage was taken place.

a fine mesh wire which extended halfway up to pro- "Just think,"our little tenyear-old said sadly, his tect and keep out childish fingers or teasing adults. lips quivering, "it was a happy, free little bird until

The upper part of the enclosure which extended over just a few minutes ago. It should have stayed out

the top was of a much wider spaced wire which made of the cage."

for better viewing. "You have just witnessed one of life's great lessons,"

We were admiring the sleek black fur and the I cautioned my children.

large coral colored "V"upon the chest of the bear "Evil is all around us. It is not in a cage like the

when a sad and thoughtprovoking incident occurred. bear, but it does have its limitations or boundaries.

A pigeon from a nearby tree flew to the top of the The Lord has not left us unprotected. He clearly

cage. Then being tempted by some morsel of food defined the bounds of safety, in the Ten Commandon the floor of the cage, it flew down to partake. Imments. The protective bars are the 'Thou shalt's'and

mediately the bear was after it. The pigeon seemed 'Thou shalt not's.'Like the pigeon, we have the

to sense its awful predicament; in confusion and utter power and the ability to stay away from temptation

despair it flew to one corner then another, with the and destruction. We must make sure we stay within

bear in swift pursuit. The growl of the bear, the the safety bounds. We must never put ourselves in

terrified screech of the bird, and the violent flapping the way of temptation or we will be destroyed as of wings against the bars soon brought a crowd. Somesurely as the pigeon."

one shouted to a caretaker, "Do something quickly!"The child that makes a habit of lying or taking

Our children who had witnessed everv move, in fear things that do not belong to him, has already taken began shouting instructions. "Fly up! fly up!"they his first steps into dangerous territory. Evil thoughts,

called. "Fly to the top of the cage! Get out of his the reading of obscene literature, the viewing of obreach!"they urged. "You can get out the same way scene photographs, the unwise choice of companions

you came in."Even if the pigeon could have underand idleness (remember the idle mind is the devil's

stood and followed their instructions, it was too late workshop) are all steps over the protective boundary.

now. The bear was viciously mauling its helpless Telling dirty stories and filthy jokes are trespasses

little victim. The feathers were falling like leaves into Satan's territory.

in autumn, and blood was beginning to trickle from Many steps into dangerous territory seem perfectly the quivering little breast. In just a matter of moharmless to the inexperienced, such as: dancing all

"Fly up! fly up!

they called. "Fly to

the top of the cage!

Get out of his reach!"

by Genevieve Van Wagenen

evening with the same partner, or going steady at a are a "square"if you believe in the restraints of the very early age. Staying out late. Thinking one's Ten Commandments. Don't believe worldly men.

parents are oldfashioned. Telling little white lies. They removed all protective bars at the time of Sodom

Making a holiday of God's holy day. and Gomorrah, and history records that only three

I have a friend who is a nurse. She works in the righteous people escaped that great destruction.

birth room in one of the large hospitals. She could Deceiving men removed all bars at Rome before its

tell you how dangerous these seemingly harmless steps dreadful fall. Don't be fooled! Don't be a casualty!

are. She has seen the broken hearts, the broken In section 89 of the Doctrine and Covenants the

homes, the crushed and ruined lives, the shattered Lord says concerning the temporal salvation of all hopes, and suffering extending even to an unborn Saints in the last days: "Behold, verily, thus saith

generation. Week after week she sees the unwed the Lord unto you: In consequences of evils and

mothers of fourteen and fifteen years, some older, a designs which do and will exist in the hearts of confew younger, come to be delivered. Accustomed as spiring men in the last days, I have warned you, and

she is to this tragedy, even she is appalled at the everforewarn you, by giving unto you this word of wisincreasing number of D.N.P's (Do not publish—illegitidom by revelation."(D&C 89:4.)

mate). It has been said, "A word to the wise is sufficient."

My friend said, "Let me describe a little fourteenWe would all like to consider ourselves wise, at least, yearold patient we had the other day. She had wise enough to protect ourselves from destruction.

bleached hair. A cold hard look in her eyes. And When the Lord said, "Thou shalt not"—that should

her language—such vulgar and coarse language I have be sufficient! When deceivers shout: "Passions should

never heard before in my life. How anyone could be satisfied; it is natural, human nature, instinct."

become so hard and calloused in fourteen years, I'll Give no second thought, take the Lord's word—not

never know."the word of evil, designing, and conspiring men.

The young and inexperienced are not the only ones We are living in perilous times. We must be conwho cross the boundary of safety. There is no age stantly on guard and alert to dangers. Evil does not

limit. The broken homes, the delinquency, divorce, hide or lurk in dark places, as it once did. Today, it

desertion, and dishonesty, so rampant today all testify parades in broad daylight under the false banners of to going beyond the protective boundary, of trespassrespectability, culture, sociability, broadmindedness, ing in Satan's territory. success, intelligence, and progress, but don't be deWorldly men are not only removing the protective ceived! Those who join its ranks are headed for

wire they are literally removing all bars. They are destruction!

telling you through all their cunning devices, that you Don't be a dead pigeon.

THE LANGUAGE OF THE BOOK OF MORMON by the late Professor James L. Barker

Professor Emeritus of Modern Languages, University of Utah; formerly President of French

Mission; author of the priesthood reference book for the study course, Apostasy from the

Divine Church.

It is not uncommon to meet with arguments against are called among us the reformed Egyptian, being the Book of Mormon based on the language of the handed down and altered by us according to our book. In these arguments, it is sometimes the lanmanner of speech.

guage of the plates containing the original text or "And if our plates had been sufficiently large we sometimes the language of Joseph Smith's English should have written in Hebrew; but the Hebrew

translation that is referred to. In this article, I desire hath been altered by us also; and if we could have

first to consider the language of the plates and then written in Hebrew, behold, ye would have had no the language of the translation. imperfection in our record."2

According to the Book of Mormon, the language

Are the known facts concerning the languages of of the ancient inhabitants of America was a mixed the Indians consistent with the statements in the tongue. Nephi wrote in the language of the Egyptians

Book of Mormon concerning the language of the and "of the learning of the Jews."One can only

ancient inhabitants of America? Do the languages conjecture just what this means. It may or it may

of the American Indians offer any evidence against not imply a mixture as radical as the language spoken the claim of the Book of Mormon to divine authenby the Armenian gypsies "who, desirous of speaking ticity? a special language unintelligible to the rest of the

"Yea, I make a record in the language of my father, population"adopted the Armenian pronunciation and which consists of the learning of the Jews and the grammar but kept the gypsy vocabulary.

language of the Egyptians."1 "The Hebrew hath been altered by us also."3 Was

"And, now, behold, we have written this record Hebrew still in semilearned or learned use side by according to our knowledge, in the characters which side with the language that consisted "of the learning

///////// y/j f *

388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the Jews and the language of the Egyptians"? teenth century was the historical point of view....

Probably, it was, since the records brought from This brought about a vast change in the science of

Jerusalem were written in Hebrew. In any case, the language, as in other sciences. Instead of looktwo facts are apparent: The language used was a ing at such a language as Latin as one fixed point,

mixed tongue, and those speaking it were aware of and instead of aiming at fixing another language, the fact that the Hebrew they used was no longer such as French, in one classical form, the new scithe Hebrew of the books of Moses and their "lanence viewed both as being in constant flux, as growing, guage of the Egyptians"was also a language that had as moving, as continually changing."4

undergone change. The beginnings of modern linguistic science were

It is not without interest that the Book of Mormon made by Friedrich von Schlegel who in 1808 was the should speak of those languages as having undergone first to speak of comparative grammar "but, like change. Had Joseph Smith been not the translator Moses he only looks into this promised land without

but the real and only author of the Book of Mormon, entering it"; Rasmus Rask who published a book in

it is doubtful if he would have included the observaDanish in 1818 (not translated in any language except tions already quoted concerning the changes underGerman and then only in part in 1822 ); Jacob Grimm,

gone by the Hebrew and the Egyptian employed by the first volume of whose Deutsche Grammatik apthe Nephites. In 1830, the historical study of lanpeared in 1819, brought out in new form in 1822;

guage was just beginning and little was known at that and Franz Bopp, whose first book was published in time about linguistic change; quite certain it is that 1816, and whose Comparative Sanskrit Grammar came

Joseph Smith could have known nothing about it. from the press between 1833 and 1849. A work of

"The chief innovation of the beginning of the nineWilhelm von Humboldt (Continued on page 444)

%'h WMi.&.jfrP% A tj V?

JUNE 1960 389 A wise man once said to those receiving his instrucupon which the rest of the teacher's assignment is tion, "Wisdom is the principle thing; therefore get built. It is only a foundation, however, upon which

wisdom: and with all thy getting get understanding."1 the teacher and the student may build together a

Pondering this thought, the teacher of religion might worthwhile philosophy of life.

well ask himself, "What is my primary responsibility Upon which the student and teacher may build in developing this understanding?"The challenging together—This is a challenging thought—the suggesconclusion must inevitably be reached that his basic tion that a teacher must help those in his classes,

task is actually to influence the attitudes, the habits, whether they be children or adults, to form their own and the beliefs of those he teaches. Subject matter, conclusions, to develop their own insights into life's

of course, is important; it is, in fact, the foundation problems, and to understand their own relationships

Proverbs 4:7. to the Church. In short, the teacher is working with

are you talking with them the class, not for it, and he should be talking with his in a lecture doesn't always insure its retention. It

students not to them. has lost some of its meaning in the too rapid transfer

To make the point clear in his own class, each from the mind of the teacher to that of the student, if, teacher at sometime ought to analyze one of his most indeed, it gets to its destination at all. Class discusworthwhile teaching techniques, the class discussion. sion helps solve the problem for it offers the opporThe student who actively participates in a successful tunity for selfexpression, without which real learning

lesson is the one who most enjoys it and usually gets can never be complete. Again, discussion provides

the most help in meeting his own life's problems. When for the repetition of ideas, an important technique in

a teacher stands before a class, it is natural that he itself. Discussion gives the teacher opportunity to

has preconceived ideas that he desires to put across. detect and, if necessary, correct misconceptions, while

It is clear, however, that simply presenting the idea at the same time it provides the pupil with training in the development of new ideas and insights. 2 Finally,

a discussion may be the means of revealing to the by James B. Allen, teacher a topic which he needs to prepare and take

Associate Director up another time, but with a different approach. For

LDS Institute of Religion all these reasons it behooves every teacher to reat University of Southern California examine his own discussion techniques.

What Makes an Effective Discussion Period?

We have all seen "class discussions"in which most

Conducted by the Unified Church School System of the "discussion"was between the teacher and one or two students or in which there was so much digression from the major topic that little learning took place. The following items, suggested by John T.

Wahlquist, could well be used as standards for judging the effectiveness of a discussion period: 3

1. Was participation widespread? (Was discussion

shifted from one corner of the room to another?)

2. Was criticism avoided?

3. Were interruptions at a minimum?

4. Did the teacher avoid digressions?

5. Did the teacher keep his own participation at a

minimum? 6. Was the discussion fairly "informative?—informal"?

7. Did the teacher maintain control over the learning situation?

Some Helpful Hints on Technique:

But how do you get response? How do you make

people think? What kind of questions should I ask?

What if the class doesn't want to talk? Such questions

are important if one would develop meaningful class discussions. It is impossible to answer them to everyone's satisfaction, or to give answers that will fit every

circumstance, but the ideas which follow, all of them gathered from effective teachers, may be useful.

In attempting to show young people the importance of setting standards to live by, one teacher often begins her class with a hypothetical problem involving a Latterday Saint. (It is wellknown that one of the

best techniques in education is the problemsolving method which not only (Continued on page 476)

2John T. Wahlquist, Teaching as the Direction of Activities, Salt Lake

City, 1957) p. 56.

Hbid., p. 5657.

and then taper it off later on when less will be needed.

The cost is spread over the years so that it is not a hardship when the need is greatest.

Take out hospitalization insurance! This usually

includes a plan for medical and surgical services. What

a blessing this can be when that first baby arrives.

Furthermore, unexpected illness can wipe out the security of the entire family and leave them under a mountain of debt. Sometimes hospitalization will

not pay the entire bill, but at least it will absorb the major blow.

Take out some liability insurance! This is primarily

for the members of the family who drive automobiles.

Modern traffic problems being what they are, even the most careful drivers can become involved in acciWhat Is an Ideal Family?

dents. Damages for inadvertent carelessness can cost

by W. Cleon Skousen a family thousands of dollars, so some protection is

needed.

Former Chief of Police Start buying a home! This is becoming more and

Salt Lake City more feasible for young married couples as time goes

Conclusion by. Low down payments and longterm contracts

make homeowning easier to achieve in many parts of

The Builtin Stabilizers of a Family the United States than any place in the world. No

As soon as a young couple have launched their young couple should pay rent any longer than is marriage successfully, they will want to provide some absolutely necessary. It is important, however, that

builtin stabilizers to protect their little kingdom they buy a modest home to begin with and trade or against the storms of life. Their object is to take the sell it for a larger home as their need and financial

is a lot better off in a homegamble out of lifeto reduce the margin of risk. Here status increase. A family

are just a few things they can do: it can operate with economic comfort than in a fancy

Start a savings account! Francis Bacon wisely said, place where the monthly bills for insurance, taxes,

"It is not what you earn that makes you rich, it is utilities, upkeep, and the mortgage are a backbreaker what you save."Most young couples do not have to a harassed father and worried mother.

ambitions to become wealthy, but they do have a desire to feel secure. One of the important keys to Fulfilling the Total Family Role

security is having a savings account, and the genius Families, like people, have personalities. Some

for creating a good savings account is simply putting families are nothing more than a group of people aside part of each paycheck and then spending the sharing board and room. Other families are like little

remainder. Too many people spend what they have kingdoms with courts and customs that leave the

and then wonder why there isn't any remainder for fragrance of happy memories for all who dwell theresavings. Their formula is backwards. During a in. There are a number of important functions which

lifetime most young couples will earn a quarterof-a- the institution of the family is expected to provide.

million dollars. As the years go by, they may find First, the family is supposed to develop a magnetic

practically all of this slipping through their fingers. center of social solidarity or security. Both parents

At least onetenth should have been held back in a and children need to feel that "home is a refuge."No

savings account. matter how serious the trouble or how far they roam,

Take out some life insurance! Life insurance should children should feel the invisible golden threads

be taken primarily on the husband or breadwinner. pulling them back to the family circle. This is possible

However, there is such a thing as being "insurance only when there is unity between Father and Mother.

poor."It is better to start out modestly and then build Each set of parents should develop a single gravitainsurance plans which make it possible to carry tional center of unity for all the little people who orbit

maximum insurance when children are growing up around them. If parents begin pulling apart, it con392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

fuses children. The family solar system becomes home has to have its own private grandstand where

wobbly. It has two suns instead of one. This is why Mom and Dad frequently preside in royal splendor. If

parents must be extremely careful about criticizing families feel they are falling apart, they might call one another in front of their children or seeking the a council and all of them determine to:

sympathy of the children after some quarrel or disTalk together more.

agreement. Children should see constant expressions

Play together more.

of thoughtfulness, common courtesy, kindness, and

Read together more.

love between their parents. They find it easier to

Travel together more.

love their parents if the parents love each other. Work together more. And if parents are united and are willing to expand

their unity and love to include each of their children, A weekly "home night"is the ideal way to make it is amazing how much a family can successfully sure that time is reserved for this kind of togetherendure. Through all adversity the core of security ness. For parents who feel they lack the creative

remains. Unity is therefore the indispensable inimagination to plan an exciting home night, the

gredient for happy family living. In times of stress Church has provided several excellent books with

it helps to return to the temple and be reminded of enough activities to last a lifetime. Families which

the promise: "For time and all eternity."have regular home nights build precious memories,

neverto-be forgotten. It is difficult for a child to

The Family Is a Place to Be Appreciated wander from his own home grandstand if things are

Second, the family circle is a place where each happening there which are just too good to miss.

member of the family should feel appreciated.

If all the world is a stage, then Mom and Dad are Providing Basic Necessities the grandstand audience as far as growing children Third, the family is responsible for providing basic are concerned. They hunger for the approval and physical necessities. These include three wholesome

appreciation of the two most important people in their meals a day, a clean comfortable place to sleep, clean lives. Children from three years old and up do not need and adequate clothing, transportation, heat, light, and

to be tended as much as they need to be tolerated. housing. In many countries the law also requires that

They like to bring their noise and toys right into the children receive a certain amount of education the middle of the adult circle. in public or private schools, and that certain health

"Get rid of those kids!"I heard an angry father standards be maintained in the home.

say, recently. His children were having a wild and These physical needs of a child are not cheap. It

woolly time trying to get his attention. He was trying is estimated that the average child's share of all the

to read the paper after a hard day. Only a few mothings he receives up to the time he is 21 costs his

ments before, he had arrived home with the warm parents and the community over $35,000.00. Each

expectation that now he could relax. Then the kids is a major investment!

had discovered him. With a whoop and a holler they Some parents deprive their children of physical

had descended on him. He had taken time out to necessities without quite realizing it. It is amazing

process their hugs and kisses one at a time and had how many children go to school without an adequate told them to go outside again. But they didn't. They breakfast; they receive badly prepared lunches which

stood around wishing something would happen. are neither tasteful nor nourishing. In some homes,

They wanted this wonderful lovable dad to come alive, there is also a tendency for the whole family to "just react, join the gang for a frolic. It wasn't something grab a bite"instead of eating the meal together. Unthey reasoned out, it was just something they felt. der these circumstances children tend to get left out

When they didn't get his attention peacefully, they insofar as healthful, vitaminfilled foods are concerned.

used tactics of war. That was when their dad exThey get their food by piecing—munching on cookies,

ploded. jam sandwiches, and whatever else strikes their fancy

Because parents feel the terrific tensions of modern in the family larder.

life, they need moments of quiet privacy to collect Other areas of neglect often include clothing for their wits. But it helps if they have saved a little cold weather, an inadequate place to sleep, lack of

time, energy, and humor for their homefront fans. cleanliness, and failure of parents to provide their

To meet the competition of the outside world, each children with available (Continued on page 461)

JUNE 1960 393 Assyrian tablet dated from ings taken an before years Christ DUTY OF THE 2800

Hayden gives a similar warning: "ToCHURCH-TO TEACH day, as seldom if ever before, human

society is threatened with disintegration, FUNDAMENTAL if not complete chaos. All the anPRINCIPLES OF A cient evils of human relationships, inGOOD LIFE justice,become selfishness,sinister and abuseterribleof whenstrength,reenforced by the vast increase of material

power. The soul of man cowers, starved

President David O. McKay and fearful in the midst of a civiliza-

(Opening Address) tion grown too complex for any mind to visualize or to control. Joy and beauty

fade from human living. Yet life,

In behalf of the First Presidency, memabundant, beauteous, laughing life, has bers of the Council of the Twelve, and been our agelong labor's end. What

all of the General Authorities of the other conceivable worth has the mastery

Church, with all my heart I bid you of the material world, the exploitation creathe resources of nature and the into of are crowding who welcome—you for basis the as a of wealth, except tion the grounds, Assembly the Tabernacle,

Hall, and all who are listening inrelease of the life of the spirit? We are

welcome to this, the first session of the witnessing either the crumbling of

One Hundred Thirtieth Annual Confercivilization under the weight of its mateence of the Church. I pray that the rial mechanism or the birth of a new

request offered in the invocation may be organization with a spiritual ideal."

granted, and that the Spirit of the Lord The daily press gives ample evidence may dwell with those who speak at this that there seems to be a general distrust session and throughout this conference, of our young folk. The great majority

and inspire those who listen, that we of them want to know what is right I may have indeed a spiritual uplifting have confidence in our young people. It

a spiritual feast. is our duty to show them a proper exam-

"Except a man be born again, he canple. Most of them today will follow

not see the kingdom of God."(John it, notwithstanding the fact that they

3:3.) are living in an age full of mysteries

"We are living in perilous times."and discoveries never before known in

That is what they said when I was a the world. Man holds dominion over

boy. That is what people thought and earth, sea, and air, and now is intent

said in the days of the apostles, followupon conquering space.

ing the death and resurrection of our Just recently the United States sent

Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. That is a new messenger out among the planets.

what people thought and said three Pioneer Five, a 94.8-pound sphere only

thousand years before the Savior came 26 inches in diameter, was the first to the earth, if we can rely upon writinterplanetary traveler with a farrang-

130TH GENERAL CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST THE TABERNACLE, TEMPLE SQUARE, SALT

CONFERENCE OF LATTERDAY SAJENTS LAKE CITY, UTAH, APRIL 3, 4, 6, I960 ing and longlasting voice. "If all goes speech given in Chautauqua, N. Y. This may be done in two ways: first,

well, scientists will be hearing from 1958.) by seeking the truth and living in

Pioneer Five steadily for the next five I was very much interested, as you harmony with it; and, second, by resistmonths, then sporadically for years to were undoubtedly, at a press dispatch ing every influence, every power that

come, as it swings back within range."recently about Ardeshir Zahedi, the new tends to destroy or to dwarf in any way

What a glimpse of the starry heavIranian Ambassador to United States, the religious sentiment. When an apens! While increasing admiration for who spent five years between 1945 and plicant for baptism stood at the water's

man's ingenuity, it should not surprise 1950 earning a degree in agriculture at edge, before being buried with Christ members of the Church who have been the Utah State University in Logan, in baptism, he possessed an implicit faith singing for years W. W. Phelps'hymn: Utah. He credits Dr. Franklin S. that the Church of Jesus Christ is estabHarris, former president of the Agrilished upon the earth, and that this

"If you could hie to Kolob cultural College (Utah State Univerorganization is the best in the world

In the twinkling of an eye, sity), and one of the founders of Point toda'y for the fostering of spiritual life,

And then continue onward Four in Iran, with doing a major job for the attaining of true religious develWith that same speed to fly, in cementing United StatesIran ties. opment, for the salvation of the soul.

D'ye think that you could ever, Mr. Zahedi remembers Utah and I repeat that this implicit faith was

Through all eternity, Utahns with fondness, according to a within him; and with that, there was a

Find out the generation report from Deseret News Washington true repentance, and that repentance

Where Gods began to be? Bureau correspondent, Warren Zimmercarried with it a desire to leave off everyman. thing in the past life that was contrary

"Or see the grand beginning, I thought as I read that how important to the teachings of the gospel or the

Where space did not extend? it is for members of the Church, parChurch. His old life, and the sins, if

Or view the last creation, ticularly the leaders who are sent out to there were any connected with it, he

Where Gods and matter end? these various missions, to exemplify the truly repented of. He looked forward

Spirit of whispers, the source Methinks one to Lord and time the be born would when he peace—the

it Savior, Christ. has "pure space,"'found Jesus in of 'No man God. anew How important the kingdom was He

Nor seen the outside curtains, is to teach them to support themselves, about to go through the ordinance of

Where nothing has a place. but at the same time to point out that baptism, typical of the burial of his old

there is a force higher than themselves, life, and with it all the imperfections, "The works of God continue, higher and greater than man, greater the frailties, the evils, the sins that acAnd worlds and lives abound; than the whole universe—that is that companied that old living. He was to

Improvement and progression God is the Creator of it all. be buried by baptism, that as Christ was

Have one eternal round."The duty of the Church is to teach and raised from the dead by the power and

practise the fundamental principles of the glory of the Father, so he might

The more man learns of infinity, the the good life. Obedience to the gospel come forth in newness of life, a memmore convinced he should become of the of Jesus Christ, no matter what the ber of the Church of God, a child of

possibility of rising above a mere anifinancial or physical conditions may be, the Father, a citizen in the kingdom of mal existence. will bring peace in the soul. When Christ. By baptism he was born again,

Wernher Von Braun, Director of DeNicodemus called upon Jesus about two and became a fit recipient of the Holy velopment Operations Division, United thousand years ago, a notable conversaSpirit. His body came forth anew, and

States Army Ballistic Missile Agency, a tion took place, during which unthe Holy Ghost was bestowed upon him;

man who has dedicated his life to the doubtedly they spoke about eternal he was confirmed a member of the conquest of space, in a recent article salvation, the real development of man. Church of Jesus Christ.

explains simply and fully what space It is implied in the scripture that the That is where we all stood at one means to our future, and then concludes purpose of membership in the kingdom time. Those were our feelings, our

as follows: of God is for the fostering of the spiritual faith, our hope. We stood that day

"We need not fear that future space life, and the achievement of moral and forgiven of past evils and follies. Now,

explorers on their heavenstorming charitable ends. the whole mission—the life, if youjourneys will lose their humility. The "Except a man be born again,"said please, of soul development—was before

heavens will surround them as an eterJesus, "he cannot see the kingdom of us, and we had thus bestowed upon us nal reminder that there is a force greater God."(John 3:3.) He told Nicodemus the light that emanates from the Father,

than the thrust of their rocket ships, a that before he could solve the question to lead us that our feet might not stumspirit greater than the cold logic of that was troubling his mind, his spiritual ble, that the truths of his holy gospel their computers, a power greater than vision would have to be changed by an might sink into our hearts—the truths

that of their own nation."entire revolution of his "inner man."that will give us knowledge that our

Yes, we are living in an interesting His manner of thinking, feeling, and souls might be saved in intelligence.

world. There is another side, too. We acting with reference to spiritual things The Holy Ghost was to bring all things

are told that 120,000 young people from would have to undergo a fundamental to our remembrance, to show us things

Asia and Africa each year are indoctriand permanent change with reference to come, to testify of the Father; and

natedmunism—with120,000!the false Thereideology areof Comnow to Itspiritualis easy matters.to see temporal things. It cordanceas we seekwiththatthelight,dutiesandthatliveare placedin ac400,000 trained communist missionaries is easy to yield to lascivious things. upon us by that obligation, we are seekin southern Asia and Africa saying to It requires little or no effort to indulge ing the true religious development we

the hungry masses: "We are here to in anything physical and animallike. are fostering the true religious growth.

liberate you. In Russia and China we But to be born out of that world into a But what is the other element which

have found the way—liquidate the rich spiritual world is advancement that we must consider? Along with this

classes; take all they have; the land the Lord requires of each of us. new life, with this seeking for truth,

and the machinery will be owned by It is implied in the scriptures that the there should be a strong power of rethe government. Then everybody will purpose of membership in the kingdom sistance. Though being born anew, and

have enough, and nobody will be opof God is for the fostering of spiritual being entitled to new life, new vigor, pressing the poor. Communism holds life—I repeat—and the achievement of new blessings, yet the old weaknesses

a tremendous fascination for the illitermoral and charitable ends; in other still remained with us. The Evil One

ate, hungry, desperate people of Asia words, for the developing of the religious was eager and ready to attack and strike and Africa."(Frank C. Laubach in a sentiment, the true religious spirit. us at our weakest point, and he has

396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA been striking at it ever since. Why? cigaret, which we determined—if we and designs which do and will exist inThat he might thwart the very purpose were sincere—to put aside when going the hearts of conspiring men in the last

for which we entered the Church of into the waters of baptism. Oh, when days, I have warned you, and forewarn

Jesus Christ. that longing came, after we were in you, by giving unto you this word of

Our mission, then, is to resist evil as the Church or kingdom, who was it wisdom by revelation well as to seek that which is high. who said: "Though you pretend to "That inasmuch as any man drinketh

Our Savior is our Divine Exemplar. throw that aside, take it only once more; wine or strong drink among you, behold

After he passed through the ordinance this once will not hurt."There was the it is not good, neither meet in the sight

of baptism to "fulfil all righteousness,"necessary moment of resistance! How of your Father, only in assembling yourafter he had received the commendation many of us stood as did Christ, our selves together to offer up your sacraof the Father and the testimony from leader, and said: "Get thee behind me!"ments before him.

on high that he was the Son of God, This element of resistance in regard "And, again, strong drinks... tothe "Beloved Son"in whom the Father to our bodily longings—satisfying the bacco... [and] hot drinks are... notwas well pleased, Satan was there ready passions—applies to every member of good for man."(D&C 89:4-5, 7-9.)to thwart his mission. Jesus went forth the Church of Jesus Christ. In some way These things mentioned here—strong

in fasting and prayer preparatory to the Evil One will attack us. In some drinks, tobacco, hot drinks, (tea and

the great mission resting upon him, and way he can weaken us. In some way coffee included)—are a few of the

when in his weakest moment, as Satan he will bring before us that which will temporal things which members of the thought, when his body was weak and weaken our souls, and will tend to Church who would follow the true reexhausted by long fasting, the Evil One thwart that true development of religious ligious sentiment of this Church should presented himself in temptation. And sentiment. And what I mean by that resist.

what was the temptation? An appeal to is this: the development of the spirit Every young man throughout Zion,

his bodily weakness: "If thou be the within, the strengthening of the inner when he comes forth from the waters of

the strengthening taunt, is part that it the (note of baptism, the ought and growth very man, to knowSon of God"—

the spirit, to resist kill, but of the was, a cigaret,testimony of his duty which time cannot smoking on the bank Jordan "This is my beloved Son"[Matt. 3:17.]) which is enduring and lasting as the no matter where he may be. Every

—-"If thou be the Son of God, command Eternal Father of that spirit. And the young person in the Church should be

that these stones be made bread."things which will tend to dwarf that taught, when coming from the waters

(Ibid., 4:3.) In a moment of weakness spirit, or to hinder its growth, are things of baptism, that he should resist intoxiand hunger that temptation would be which members of the Church are called cants when passed around at the social

strongest, other things being equal. upon to resist. gathering. Every young member of this

There was the moment of resistance on We have in the eightyninth section Church should know that tobacco in any

Jesus'part. His seeking had been maniof the Doctrine and Covenants, the word form should not be used. He or she

fest in prayer and fasting. His resistof the Lord upon a few little things should resist all these habits, not only

ance came at the moment of bodily little as considered by many, and parfor the blessing that is promised herein weakness. Though the body was weak, ticularly by the men of the world by our Father, but also because of the

the Spirit was strong, and Christ anwhich the members of the Church are strength so acquired to resist greater swered: "It is written, Man shall not asked to observe. It is a temporal law, temptations.

live by bread alone, but by every word and pertains to our spiritual as well as Now, just a word in regard to this that proceedeth out of the mouth of to our physical welfare. I hope that we "resisting"under circumstances that

God."(Ibid., 4.) may have strength to resist all the seem difficult. A young man who may

Then, as you recall, Satan tried him allurements that come with wealth and refuse cigarets or liquor at home, and on another point. Failing in that, the worldly position, when we make those who may find it easy to do so, might

tempter tried him still on a third point. two things an end in themselves. Toyield when he is out in company at a

He tempted him, first, on his love for day we have only time enough to consocial. When all the others partake of

physical comfort; second, he tempted sider those few little things with which these things, he might not have strength

him on vanity; and third, he tempted Satan tempts us in regard to our body. to resist the temptation. That is the

him on love for worldly wealth, and In that section, you remember, we moment when the true soul growth the power to rule the world. I say read: "Behold, verily, thus saith the should be made and fostered. That is

"tempted him,"but Christ was above Lord unto you: In consequence of evils the moment, in the hour of greatest

temptations. Satan tried to tempt him. temptation, when the strongest resistance

But all these temptations Christ resisted; does the most good. It is not when it

and the final resistance was: "Get thee is in the family circle, when father's and

hence, Satan: for it is written, Thou mother's influence help to keep these

shalt worship the Lord thy God, and things away. In this respect it is to

him only shalt thou serve."(Ibid., 10.) be hoped that every father and mother

We may not have heard audibly on will set a good example. I hope that

the water's edge the words: "This is my parents will not set bad examples so

beloved Son, in whom I am well that the children indulging in weakness pleased,"but the Spirit bore testimony may say, "I am following you."

in our souls that God was well pleased Ac far as possible let our fathers and with the act, and he was pleased to mothers restrain themselves in these lead us as we sought his guidance in things. Parents, resist temptation!

fasting and prayer. We might not have Control your appetite! What though

heard in audible tones: If you are a iSgi you do crave these gratifications? The

member of that Church, a member of more you crave it, the greater should his kingdom, entitled to the Holy Spirit, be your resistance and the greater will do this or do that. Our temptation be your soul development. It is no

may not have come in that form. It credit for us to resist something we do

may have come in the form of old not crave or long for. The man who

desires. It may have been (and I doubt grows most by resisting is the man who

not that it was) in the form of some resists what he craves, and who will bodily temptation, some longing. It say, in the strength of the gospel, "I

may have been the craving for the will stop it. I will resist it."

JUNE i960 397 "It is easy enough to be virtuous whether we are in the beginning, in the formed in the early Christian Church

When nothing tempts you to stray, middle, or near the end of a time when by the apostles. Being asked by what

When without or within no voice of sin we shall see what historians of the funame he did the miracle, Peter anIs luring your soul away. ture may call a revolution. And may swered:

But it's only a negative virtue I say here, and it applies frequently to "... by the name of Jesus Christ...

Until it is tried by fire; all of us in principle, we of the present for there is none other name under

And the life that is worth the honor of make history, our successors away from heaven given among men, whereby we earth us write it, and out of it they get things must be saved."(Acts 4:1912.)

Is the life that resists desire."which we do not now presently see. Then I remembered also, that Christ

(Ella Wheeler Wilcox) I fear, as I have talked and heard himself said, 'I am the way, the truth, others talk, that there may be a feeling, the light, and the life.'And to those

May God grant that as we are seeking in fact, I know there is among some, on this continent, he added, "I am the the further establishment of the kingthat it does not make very much differlaw."(3 Nephi 15:9.)

dom of God, that we may instruct our ence to what church we belong, what This, of course, as we believe, indiyoung people, and the members of the creed we may have, and not too much cates what we must believe and think

Church everywhere, to resist temptadifference, within very broad limitaand do, in what we must have faith.

tions that weaken the body, that destroy tions, what we do. We seem to be, in You know, the Savior came in the

the soul, that we may stand truly re- a way, in the presence of a trend of Meridian of Time to fulfil the law of pentant as we were when we entered thought that is national, indeed worldMoses, and he said on more than one the waters of baptism; that we may be wide, that would have us to believe that occasion, 'I want nothing to do with

renewed in the true sense of the word, all this does not make very much difsacrifice and burnt offerings, I want that we may be born again; that our ference, for we will all go to heaven mercy.'And then you will remember,

souls might bask in the light of the Holy anyhow, do what we will, think what he added at various times, as to the

Spirit, and go on as true members of we will, believe what we will, have sacrifice he wished: "... a broken heart

the Church of Jesus Christ until our faith as we may. and a contrite spirit."

mission on earth is completed and God I find great fault with that great As I reflected on this, I reflected a bit receives us and rewards us according trend, and I came across, in connection on where might I go to find the real to our merits. with this thought, some passages of words of the Savior. I knew I could not

this be our May lot, I ask in the name scripture I thought which upon I might go to the believe the do not Bible. Weof Christ. Jesus Amen. say words. a few are taken They from correct. tell is absolutely Bible Students

the Sermon on the Mount and were reus there are 4500 different manuscripts peated by the Savior in that great apof the Bible, and a few years ago it was pearance which he made on this estimated that there were 120,000 variacontinent after his resurrection. They tions. Then it came to me almost as

are identical in words. Remember that a revelation: Why do you not go to

he said when he came to this continent the Book of Mormon? So I took Third

that he had come to teach them the Nephi. I went over it with great care.

things that he taught in Palestine. And I parallelcolumned it with the parts of

these words are these: the New Testament concerning the

"Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide Sermon on the Mount and the Sermon

is the gate, and broad is the way, that on the Plain. In the Old Testament

leadeth to destruction, and many there I noted the instructions to Malachi as in thereat: be which go they repeated Savior, were because by the "ALL ROADS LEAD strait "Because is the gate, and narrow of they Malachi, no record had TO ROME"* is the way, which leadeth unto life, lived after they left Jerusalem. who

and few there be that find it."(Matt. I found some differences, some omis-

7:1314; 3 Nephi 14:1314.) sions from the word that he was rePresident /. Reuben Clark, Jr. I was reminded, as I read that, of the corded as having spoken in Palestine.

of the First Presidency dream of Lehi recorded in the Book of But I resorted to the Book of Mormon

Mormon, dreamed in the early days of and to Third Nephi with the feelthe life of migration of Lehi, where the ing that I was getting really what the My brethren and sisters: I am gratelatter part of that—"few there be"that Savior said. I commend an equal study

ful to be with you, difficult as it is to get into the straight and narrow way, by you brethren of those great books try to talk to you. I thank the Lord for was really prophetic. For his people of the Book of Mormon and so far

his blessings to me during the past found application of this principle in as the Savior's immediate mission was months, and more recently until now. I Lehi's own descendants, for there deconcerned, Third Nephi. There we

thank you as I thanked the priesthood veloped in the life of his descendants on may believe we have the true teachings, last night, for your faith and prayers this continent, the bloody conflict of for the record was made by inspired men, which have enabled me to be with you the Nephites and Lamanites that brought abridged by another inspired man, and today. I hope that you will be good about the utter destruction of the one translated through the inspiration and

enough to pray with me that what I by the other. revelation of the Lord himself. Brethren,

may say today, may be somewhat helpThat led me to these thoughts about I commend that to you, study it, if you ful to all of us. Christ. To Nicodemus he said that never have done so, you will find great

As I have thought about what I might he came not to condemn the world, but joy in the doing.

say or try to say, I have rather centered to save it. (John 3:17.) In the great "... strait is the gate, and narrow is

n the thought of the proud boast of prayer in the garden, he uttered the the way... and few there be that find

Rome, which was, "All roads lead to great principle, "And this is life eternal, it."(Matt. 7:14.)

Rome."And I have thought, and I may that they might know thee the only true I repeat, the Savior said, "I am the

say I endorse all that has been said God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast light, the life, the way, and the truth,"trends—Ithus far haveregardingthoughtour howtimemuchand theits sent."And (Johnthen 17:3.)I remembered also what Ifandyouonwillthisgocontinent,through Third"I amNephithe law."with

fundamental idea in this dictum has Peter said to the Sanhedrin, called before care, and the earlier works, you will come to mean among us. I do not know them as a judicial body in connection find a very complete discussion of how

*Delivered Sunday afternoon, April 3, 1960. with the first miracle, it is said, perhe fulfilled the law of Moses.

398 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA So, my brethren and sisters, I come other side in fundamental sayings and further advancement in every realm of to you with this simple message: There doctrines. As I have said to you, there human activity made by man will aid in

are not many roads that lead to heaven. are some omissions, there are some the accomplishment of God's ultimate

There is one and one only, and that is changes, some of the changes are most purpose for us here in mortality—that

the road that we profess to travel and important. Make the comparison I have is to say, the establishment of his Church

should be traveled. It is the road that made and find them out. But I found and kingdom here upon this earth,

is restored to us by the restoration of nothing whatsoever that changed the preparatory to the advent of the second the gospel and the restoration of the fundamental principle announced by coming of the Savior of mankind.

priesthood. Do not be misled by the the Savior in Palestine and here: There may be men who still continue

professions of men. And to those verses "He that believeth and is baptized to contend that there is a conflict bethat I have already read, I want to add shall be saved; but he that believeth tween church and religion on one side,

another which comes near the end of not shall be damned."(Mark 16:16.) and science on the other, but little do

that part of the Sermon on the Mount Brethren and sisters, do not stray, do they understand that all truths pertaining and to the people of the Land Bountinot be misled, do not cuddle to yourto science as well as to religion emanate ful, which says: selves the thought that you can do this from our Father in heaven. He has

"Not every one that saith unto me, or that or the other forbidden thing, power over his truths. He can withhold

Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingthat after all these things make no difthem from men when there is a purpose dom of heaven; but he that doeth the ference. I bear you my witness again in so doing, and likewise can inspire

will of my Father which is in heaven. that all your thoughts, all your acts, all men to discover and recognize truths,

"Many will say to me in that day, your doings of any kind, have an effect, and advocate them to their fellow men.

Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in beneficial or otherwise, on your souls, And so, science and religion alike are thy name? and in thy name have cast and you cannot afford to jeopardize entirely obligated to God, and so are

out devils? and in thy name done many the hereafter. we all. Neither science nor religion

wonderful works? May the Lord be with us. can successfully refute the second com-

"And then will I profess unto them, I renew my testimony to you that ing of Christ. The evidence is too com-

I never knew you: depart from me, ye God lives, that Jesus is the Christ, that plete, too convincing, too much a part

that work iniquity."(Matt. 7:2123; 3 the gospel and the priesthood were reof the great eternal plan of God, as

Nephi 14:2123.) stored through Joseph Smith, that there much a part and as real as our mortal

The earlier parts of the Sermon on came also to him certain other great earth existence. We might as well deny

the Mount do not contain teachings powers, that all that he had, he passed the one as the other.

that are too specific with reference to on to those who have succeeded him, the To me the astonishing fact is, that this last, "depart from me"and that last one of them being President David recently in England we were pointed those who had professed, and so per- O. McKay. out as peculiar because we believe "that

formed, were not his. But you will find May God bless him in his hour of Christ will reign personally upon the

rather a complete discussion of what tribulation, may God bless his wife and earth; and, that the earth will be rethat probably means in the book of restore her completely to health and newed and receive its paradisiacal glory."

Alma, the thirtyfourth chapter, where strength. May he continue to guide In spite of this tenth article of faith of

Amulek tells the things which are and direct President McKay, that he ours, published to the world for now a characteristic of those who worship our may guide and direct us, I humbly pray, hundred years, we are characterized as

Lord and Savior and our Heavenly in the name of Jesus. Amen. pagan and are said not to be Christians.

Father. Read them. It is worth your How can anyone deny the second comwhile. ing of Christ and be a Christian? And

Professors of religion, pretenders of how can anyone know of his second being the offspring of our Heavenly coming and not be his follower?

Father's gospel and principles, pretendLet me read what the Church of Enging to have the truth, beware of them, land's great expert on Mormonism rebrethren. Beware of the idea that you cently had to say: "Mormonism is

do not have to live the gospel in order essentially a pagan faith, and not Christo obtain the salvation and exaltation tian at all."

that are promised—not because God has The London Daily Sketch, on Februimposed a penalty for your failure, but ary 1st, entitled an article published

because, as I have already expressed to therein, written by Mr. Neville Randall,

you at one time or another, I believe "Knock, Knock—It's Those Mormons."

that the spirit grows or shrinks, as it In part, this article said:

is here in this mortal body, as it was "On a thousand doors in Britain durintended that it should. I believe that ing the weekend came a knock....

acts, itbad thoughts, inaccurate your turn to bad This be beopen week may liefs develop quiet, do not to a softspoken the WATCH AND BE your door Amerispirit; but onthe contrary, they may retard or dwarf PREPARED* can. To hear him say the words: 'Will

it. I believe that all that we do that is you become a Mormon?'If you let him

good, builds us up, and helps us to President Henry D. Moyle he will try to persuade you:

"prove"ourselves, that we really are of the First Presidency "To give up smoking and drinking living our second estate. even tea and coffee.

Brethren and sisters, do not be mis- "To give a tenth of your income to sisters, brethren beloved and My stray, notled, do not the I the imbibe do Church. Mormon

thrilled all at the beginwere know we it oftendency the that age does a religion not accept "To with no prayer this of ning yesterday conference morndifference It clergy. any do.make paid you what book and no

makes all the difference in this world ing with the inspired remarks of "To put off baptizing your children and in the hereafter. It makes the difPresident David O. McKay. Among until they are eight.

said: things other holds he "Manference salvation exaltabetween and Britons year "Last con- 1,404 were

sea, earth, over dominion and air, and Ition article. the verted,"damnation. and says Britain examined the "In

is intent space."conquering upon now if I out, could, find tobooks whether missionaries, 220 American now Mormon

that all accomplished, has and man in All Saviorthe change any their had early most made young of them men in speaking on this continent and on the *Delivered Monday morning, April 4, 1960. twenties, are at work. They call at

JUNE I960 399 2,000,000 homes a year. In December which are on earth."(D&C 27:13.) This of me and of my words in this adulterous

they baptized 237, more than in any is part of the second coming. and sinful generation; of him also shall

month for a hundred years. What And again: "... for it is necessary in the Son of man be ashamed, when he

of his Father withharm—or good—can the Mormons do the ushering in of the dispensation of cometh in the glory

to you if you let them convince you? the fulness of times, which dispensation the holy angels."(Mark 8:38.)

This is what they told me: is now beginning to usher in, that a "But in those days, after that tribula-

"You would believe that Christ will whole and complete and perfect union tion, the sun shall be darkened, and the come to earth again. More than a miland welding together of dispensations, moon shall not give her light,

lion Mormons... believe every word and keys, and powers, and glories should "And the stars of heaven shall fall,

of this. About a third of the male take place, and be revealed from the and the powers that are in heaven shall

Mormons, and quite a few women, bedays of Adam even to the present time. be shaken.

lieve it sincerely enough to give up two And not only this, but those things "And then shall they see the Son of years of their lives, usually when they which never have been revealed from man coming in the clouds with great are at college, to serve on a mission. the foundation of the world, but have power and glory.

his angels, shall then he send "And prudent, are kept from the hid wise and been come fromThey unpaid—expenses

elect his from together gather shall their families'savings. shall babes revealed unto or and and be Thetheir own

Mormons are determined to give you a sucklings in this, the dispensation of the the four winds, from the uttermost part chance to judge for yourself. Listen fulness of times."(Ibid., 128:18.) of the earth to the uttermost part of

for the knock.""For the hour is nigh, and that which heaven."(Mark 13:2427.)

We are grateful to the newspaper for was spoken by mine apostles must be And I can assure you he will not find

yesterday, spoke President Clark which pass; invitation, to that to comegivingchallenge—indeed,to the people of England that fulfilled; for as they spoke so shall it his elect upon all of those roads of

it will but to heaven, to lead supposed I knock, will reveal myself from heaven but also "Forlisten not alone to the inferentially to that which they are told with power and great glory, with all be in that straight and narrow path of by our elders. the hosts thereof, and dwell in righteouswhich the Savior himself spoke, in which

In the English Church, as in many ness with men on earth a thousand the obedient will be found and which others, the Lord's Prayer is an essential years, and the wicked shall not stand."constitutes the only way by which we

part of their religious service and is (Ibid., 29:1011.) can constitute ourselves his elect and

repeated by the congregation. They These are but a sample of numerous he called up and chosen to rule and

therefore pray: "Our Father which art declarations found in modern scripture reign with the Savior of mankind here

in heaven, Hallowed be thy name. Thy predicting the coming of Christ once upon the earth for a thousand years.

kingdom come...."(Matt. 6:9-10.) again to complete his mission in glory In the gospel according to Luke is

Thus unwittingly do they pray for that here on the earth. We can readily turn written: "For whosoever shall be

which they evidently do not believe to that which was recorded by the ashamed of me and of my words, of will occur. apostles of old and give to you the testihim shall the Son of man be ashamed."

The clergyman was right when he monies of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and (Luke 9:26.)

warned his neighbors that our elders John, and again repeated in more modAnd John, in the Revelation, says:

would teach them of the second coming ern revelation as in the Book of Mormon "And he laid hold on the dragon, that of Christ. We will teach them from in Third Nephi, of which President old serpent, which is the Devil, and

their own translation of the Bible that Clark spoke yesterday. Satan, and bound him a thousand years.

the white robed angels spoke to the The words of Jesus Christ recorded "And I saw thrones, and they sat upon apostles of old as the resurrected Christ by Matthew: "For the Son of man shall them, and judgment was given unto

ascended from their midst on Mount come in the glory of his Father with his them: and I saw the souls of them that

Olivet. angels; and then he shall reward every were beheaded for the witness of Jesus,

"... Ye men of Galilee, why stand man according to his works."(Matt. and for the word of God, and which had

ye gazing up into heaven? this same 16:27.) not worshipped the beast, neither his

Jesus, which is taken up from you into "And this gospel of the kingdom shall image, neither had received his mark heaven, shall so come in like manner be preached in all the world for a witupon their foreheads, or in their hands;

as ye have seen him go into heaven."ness unto all nations; and then shall the and they lived and reigned with Christ

(Acts 1:11.) end come. a thousand years.

We know he will come, even as he "For as the lightning cometh out of "But the rest of the dead lived not ascended, a material being, a living the east, and shineth even unto the again until the thousand years were

Personage, separate and apart from the west; so shall also the coming of the finished. This is the first resurrection."

Father, with an immortalized body of Son of man be. (Rev. 20:2, 4-5.)

flesh and bones. This is our work "And then shall appear the sign of And then in Third Nephi we read:

to prepare for the second coming of the Son of man in heaven: and then "And he did expound all things, even

Christ. This is the Dispensation of the shall all the tribes of the earth mourn, from the beginning until the time that

even should come in shall the see they of Paul, and Son of comhe spoken man of Times, by Fulness his glory—yea,

all the should things which come upon of in ing clouds the with heaven power in hands, our Apostle. the We have

with which to work, all that has gone and great glory. face of the earth, even until the elements

before in all generations of man. We "And he shall send his angels with should melt with fervent heat, and the

deny final consummation of his mission a great sound of a trumpet, and they earth should be wrapt together as a here upon the earth if we deny his shall gather together his elect from the scroll, and the heavens and the earth second coming. Thus only can the refour winds, from one end of heaven to should pass away."(3 Nephi 26:3.)

vealed gospel of Jesus Christ be prethe other."(Ibid., 24:14, 27, 30, 31.) We assert and testify today, not only

sented in its fulness—by teaching the "When the Son of man shall come to the English, but also to all the world,

world of the second coming of Christ. in his glory, and all the holy angels that Christ will return to the earth in

In our own Doctrine and Covenants with him, then shall he sit upon the power and in glory, and usher in an we read: "Unto whom I have committed throne of his glory."(Ibid., 25:31.) era of peace, an era during which all

the keys of my kingdom, and a dispensaMatthew doesn't leave any doubt shall be committed, transpire, and be tion of the gospel for the last times; about this second advent, and the words accomplished that yet remains to be

and for the fulness of times, in the of the Christ as recorded by Mark goes done before our Savior, Jesus Christ, which I will gather together in one all on to say: can report his mission completed here

things, both which are in heaven, and "Whosoever therefore shall be ashamed upon this earth to his Father in heaven,

400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA having subdued and brought under his answer our prayers, and his coming is untrue never would he have thought feet all things. approaching closer and closer; and alof separating Father and Son, nor would

This was revealed over thirty centhough no man knoweth the hour, it he have ever thought of having the turies ago to Enoch of old, for we read behooves us to watch, and so our misFather introduce the Son and for him in the book of Moses, Pearl of Great sion to the world is to watch and be to put his question to the Son to receive

Price: "And it came to pass that Enoch prepared. his answer. He never could have thought

saw the day of the coming of the Son of May this be our happy lot I humbly of it; for that was the farthest thing

Man, in the last days, to dwell on the pray in the name of the Lord Jesus from the ideas existing in the world in earth in righteousness for the space of Christ. Amen. the year 1820.

a thousand years."(Moses 7:65.) The very fact that the Prophet made

Now, our preaching the gospel is itself that statement that he saw the Father essential prior to the second coming of and the Son and they were glorious

Christ. Matthew wrote: "And this gosPersonages, and that the Father spoke

pel of the kingdom shall be preached to him and introduced the Son, but did in all the world for a witness unto all not ask him what he wanted, is one of nations; and then shall the end come."the most significant things that ever

(Matthew 24:14.) occurred in the history of this world.

So after the falling away spoken of The Prophet, if he had been telling an by Matthew, a restoration of the gospel untruth, even if he had thought that had to come, otherwise the words of the Father and the Son were separate

Matthew would be inconsistent and Personages, would have made another their fulfilment impossible. very serious error, if he had lied about

And then we have that wonderful it. More than likely he would have said

prophecy in Revelation: To John the he saw the Father and the Son and the

restoration of the gospel was foretold Father asked him what he wanted, and"And I saw another angel fly in the JOSEPH SMITH'S.the Father gave him the answer. If

ofmidst everlasting heaven, the having like that, said a thing Smith had Joseph gospel to that preach fatal story. dwell FIRST PRAYER* unto them to his have been it would

on the earth, and to every nation, and He did not make a mistake. It was

kindred, tongue, people, and and voice, "Saying a loud with Fear God, President Joseph Fielding Smith Jesusthe Fatherwho answeredintroducedhishisquestion,Son, justandas and give glory to him; for the hour of President of the Council of the Twelve he did at the baptism of the Savior, and

his judgment is come: and worship him just as he did to the three, Peter, James,

that made heaven, and earth, and the and John, on the Mount, and the Savior sea, and the fountains of waters."I want to thank this choir for giving gave the answer, as all answers have

a text, First Smith's Prayer.""Joseph me 14:6-7.)(Revelation Father our from in heaven from come

I particularly brethren, wonder, referring back to our since you the beginning, Then driven own Docwas Adam brethren, too, our sisters, and have if we Itrine grateful Covenants, this to and out of how of Eden, the Garden down fully realized of that the importance his for revealed to the Lord wordam day. They have all come through the

First Vision, the of the Father coming this in of greatas contained volume Son.

and the Son to the Prophet Joseph Smith,scripture: mistake, the Prophet Now, made no

a boy. of "And then they shall look for me, and, just his age not and a boy have would

behold, I will come; and they shall see The world has not realized it, or they known; he would have fallen into a

me in the clouds of heaven, clothed with would repent of their sins. For some trap, just as sure as we live, if it were

power and great glory; with all the holy fifteen hundred years or more, perhaps, untrue.

angels; and he that watches not for me the world had lost the truth in relation Do I believe that the Prophet saw the

shall be cut off.... to the Father and the Son and in the Father and the Son? I certainly do. I

"For the Lord shall be in their midst, year 325, at a conclave that was held, know it. I do not need a vision. Reason

and his glory shall be upon them, and they adopted a new idea entirely in reteaches that to me. And then I have

he will be their king and their lawgiver."gard to God and confused the Father that knowledge also by the guidance of

(D&C 45:44, 59.) and the Son, and the Christian world, the Spirit of the Lord. The Lord has

Joseph Smith once said: "When I confrom that day down until now, has made it known to me. So I thanked the

template the rapidity with which the looked upon the Father and the Son as choir, as I sat here wondering what I being say indicannot mysterious—Igreat glorious of the say. and day coming would

viduals, I say substance, can nor but of letof the advances, Son things a few when more Man Now, He me say spirit of separation without some sortshall I receive to Saints His Prophet. unto the that absolute about come have

Himself, where they shall dwell in His and the idea of the separate individuals, confidence in every vision, in every manpresence, and be crowned with glory and Father and Son, from that day on ceased ifestation, in every revelation that has exist. to I that considerimmortality: soon to us through the Prophet come Joseph when

Now, if the Prophet was telling a I to the shaken,the Smith. the truth. he heavens are and he spoke know And

falsehood the he went into woods when reel toearth tremble the evidence manifest and and fro; and in every is made

never out have pray, he would come are to as to therethat the unfolded heavens be has been a manifestaact where a scroll when it is rolled up; and that and said that he had seen a vision of tion from the heavens, either by the Son

every mountain and island are to flee the Father and the Son and that they of God, himself, or by his servants the away, I cry out in my heart, What manwere separate Personages, and that the prophets of old. Everything has worked

ner of persons ought we to be in all Father introduced the Son and then told out harmoniously and according to the holy conversation and godliness!"the Prophet to address his question to revelations we find in the Old Testament

(Teachings of the Prophet Joseph the Son, who would give him the anand in the New. There were no misSmith, 29.) swer. The Prophet never would have takes made.

The Lord grant that we may fulfil thoughtbeen a fraud.of such a thing as that, had it On the 3rd day of April, 1836, certain

this is ours, great calling messengers to heavenly and be appeared which the

If out he of the sayhad come woods to lay persons to First that ought Oliver Prophetthe and to be Cowdery. we

vision, ing seen a he it been had had for his of coming, himself. second foundationthe Son came the God And

for he lives—he lives for us, to hear and *Delivered Monday afternoon, April 4, 1960. they described him. Then the Lord sent

JUNE I960 401 certain messengers with keys to restore mine, and to you and yours, through truth I speak, impugn it, whoso list."

pertaining to the restoration of all the blessings that were bestowed upon I am persuaded, also, by an utterance things. Moses came and gave to the this man and those who were associated of another great man, Tolstoi, who said,

Prophet the keys of the gathering of with him in the restoration of the Dis- "If we would only... testify to the

Israel, otherwise you would not be here pensation of the Fulness of Times. truth as we see it, it would turn out

today, and through those keys the gospel May the Lord bless us, I pray, and at once that there are hundreds, thouis being preached in all the world, and guide us in all things and help us to sands, and even millions of men just scattered Israel is being gathered out keep the commandments of the Lord, as we are, who see the truth as we do, again according to the fulfilment, that in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. are afraid as we are of seemingly to be

is, in fulfilment of the promises that singular by confessing it, and are only were made by the Lord to his ancient waiting, again as we are, for someone prophets, that he would gather Israel to proclaim it."

in the latter days. I should like to proclaim it, to conElias came and restored the gospel of fess it, to share it, and humbly to testiAbraham. Who was Elias? That quesfy of it, and leave with you, my beloved

tion is frequently asked. Well, Elias friends widely scattered over the world,

was Noah, who came and restored his the witness of the truth as I find it imkeys.* planted undeniably within my own

soul. Elijah his keys, restored and came

Life is a great search for all of us. for of theopening the preaching way

all questions, and have unanswered We gospelthe performing to the dead the and grateful to witness to day you this I am in of theof the ordinances the temples as of Christ, gospel in the Jesus for of that theLord, dead. prophecy The

disthis restored in earth to and day fulfilled, at leastMalachi the bewas

I of faith in pensation, the found, have it, of the againginning keys and were fathers, leads that the to the road my Elijah, of thegiven through coming session, Morning Sunday life's to questions answers compelling fathers hearts of the turned thewhich April 3, 1960 lies, the search along the road which of heartsto children the the the and life, gives that to purpose meaning and fathers that canchildren to so the we ultiof great a sense the assurance and for into the the temple work do andgo FOR THE FREEDOM objectives everlasting of the mate and is in nothing,our dead. There my

of intelligence truth continuance and that revealed that hasjudgment, been SEARCH of associapersonality, sweet and and its fulfilment of than apparent is more all tion that loved ones with and means spirit this for Elijah, ofthe coming freehas gone forth into the world. It is not Richard L. Evans the most—a gospel which gives

for search, the freedom freedom dom: the the Twelve of Council the toconfined Church, the of of members

for for of truth, seeking the freedom it I rest say, not to sorry doesand am for learning, indeed, not only freedom as of the the Church membersupon it also to a charge but solemn pursue this it it following to, In opening fully moving as has gone but ought it.

I sure address President there are so by into forth that McKay, the world am

I find in this faith this All that my forgive will are that here you not those of belongthousands me who do who blessedly, fathers embraced young when, I if of aware understand and more hearts to the been have Church, am whose in missionaries as found them men listen here, are not those and seekare fathers to their who whoturned and who far to these places witnessed and them far in the places look through their dead, of records ing out and the many truths to they responded and which given their that chilbeen have modern that we, so preparing means them lives lives of their the by which and I friends us. for choice out grateful is, of the dead, children dren, the that am

chiltheir children's their children and faith, of there, friends not into of the Lord temples and the own go whom mymay this dren, generation, have unto even I cherish, respect to learned will and give have that unto labors the perform

I for these grateful blessed. been am I affecsincere for a have and opportunity, those no whom when had who

everlasting assurances, for assurances: the

I tion. for conviction grateful the living, gospel the receive to they am were

for enfaith for gospel, a a which in that liberty with mingling has that give them to Christ, come of Jesus them all all all truth, time, and compasses is in there that too, that have they, privilege, might much we the and all all living eternity, those and now truths, great great Israel of men: in the and house be numbered thatcommon—all

receive the blessings of eternal life. objectives, common problems and so

Do I love the Prophet Joseph Smith? much that pertains to all of us in the

Yes, I do, as my father did before me. living of life, and I have learned to re-

I love him because he was the servant spect the beliefs of others and would of God and because of the restoration of ask the privilege at this time of telling the gospel and because of the benefits something of my own.

and blessings that have come to me and In doing so I am well aware of a of reresponsibility. All us have a

to obhe priesthood given Adam; was first * "The

of sponsibility for all influence our with it of the keys First Presidency held and the tained it to generation. generation from He obtained all ideas for in others, of the we let loose,

as in formed, the before world Creation, was the effect total of our teaching for the and 28. given 1:26, 27, had dominion him Gen. He

is the creature. every Michael all I living over others. He influence Archour on am well

to of the scriptures. in angel, spoken Noah, Then also, of of witnessing the weight aware,

is to in authority next Gabriel; stands he Adam who

in the priesthood; he was called of God to this sobering truths that touch upon the

of his day, all living in office, father the was and the dominion. These given was and to men lives of other people. him

held keys first on earth, and then in heaven."Yet I feel somewhat as suggested by

to appeared Gabriel 3:385386.) (D.H.C."who sentence is found celebrated which the

appeared a son, and Zacharias who promised It himwas and in Edinburgh, in the house John Knox of of the Son the to coming announced and Mary

God as recorded by Luke. It was also Gabriel as an Scotland, which says, "I am in the place

and in Doctrine the Elias is mentioned who Covewhere I am demanded of my conscience Gabriel, It or Noah, was 27, verse 7. section nants,

who stands next to Michael or Adam in the priesthood. to speak the truth, and therefore the

402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA who shall live and all who have ever the gospel was restored with the divine We know Joseph Smith actually saw lived, all of our Father's children in the authority to administer in its ordinances; the Father and the Son. There should

great encompassing arms which seek to that this is the Church of Jesus Christ, be no question about that. He was the

lift the lives of all his children and to with prophets and apostles; that the first to see the Father and the Son since

lead us to everlasting life with our voice of God again is heard; that the the apostles were upon the earth nearly

loved ones. prize is great; that the search is worth 2,000 years ago, and through his testiOut in a far place this day we are the searching; and I would plead for mony we know that God lives, that Jesus

blessed and privileged to have a son an audience for that message with an Christ is his Son. Having that knowlwho is one of some six thousand misopen heart and mind. edge and also the priesthood, we, theresionaries of this Church, fulltime, these May God bless all of us in seeking to fore, have the ability and the authority

being mostly young men, with many know his will, in the keeping of his to preach the gospel to the world.

others besides who take part of their commandments, and in pursuing the The Prophet Joseph Smith at the age time for this purpose, knocking on doors, search toward the finding of the ultiof twentytwo was translating the Book making appointments, answering invimate answers of life and salvation and of Mormon that the people of the world tations, seeking to share this great thing the sweetness of everlasting association might have the privilege of receiving that has come into their lives and of with those we love, with those who that marvelous book and becoming acwhich they have an unshakable conmean the most, in Jesus'name. Amen. quainted with the history of America,

viction. that Jesus Christ had been upon this

It is not improbable or not impossible the American continent and that he had at least, that some within the sound of taught the Nephites the gospel as he my voice now would sometime respond had taught the people in faroff Jeruto a knock at the door where our son or salem. In translating the gold plates, he

someone else's son would seek to share came upon a passage concerning baptism.

with them these truths, with only one Consequently, he made it a matter of motive in mind: that they feel an obprayer, and in answer to that prayer,

ligation which the Lord God has given, there appeared a heavenly being who to pass on that which has given meanintroduced himself as John the Baptist.

ing and purpose to their lives. I would If you fathers and mothers and grandplead with you to open the doors—the fathers and grandmothers should properdoors of your minds and your hearts, ly teach your sons and grandsons, when

and listen to what they have to say, and they receive the Aaronic Priesthood, then decide—for there is always freedom they will have a testimony that this

for the search. great event took place, that John the

I think the young men who found Baptist who baptized the Christ appeared the bestowed said and in effect forebears, Aaronic have mustmy THE AARONIC Priesthood as a upon Joseph Smith such something and messageto themCromwell once sent to some with whom PRIESTHOOD Oliver Cowdery.

he would reason and persuade from a We of the Presiding Bishopric somecertain course and to a certain course: times wonder whether or not, in homes,

"I beseech you... think it possible you Joseph L. Wirthlin fathers and mothers are inspiring and

may be mistaken."of the Presiding Bishopric encouraging their young men to read

The great beauty of this gospel is its that marvelous statement of John the everlasting significance—and except for Baptist, the thirteenth section of the

these eternal assurances each day we live I sincerely trust, my brothers and Doctrine and Covenants. These are

would mean a shorter time with those sisters, that I might have that spirit and the words of John the Baptist. These are

we love and a shorter time for all the blessing so essential in expressing to you not the words of Joseph Smith or Oliver things that mean the most. the thoughts I have this morning. Cowdery, and because of that fact, all

"Life,"said Arthur Brisbane, "is a I wish that every young man and of these young men who hold the Aaronic short walk along a narrow thread... young woman could have heard PresiPriesthood be they deacons, teachers, or

beginning and ending in a mysterious dent McKay give his testimony of the priests should be acquainted with that unknown. Hope keeps us balanced as truthfulness of the gospel of the Lord statement. It will become a reality.

we walk the narrow line. Life is short Jesus Christ and what it means to all They will know it actually happened.

as we see it, but in reality it is just of us. It would be inspiring to our young people

beginning, and never ends—and, long I was inspired by the marvelous priestin our homes, brethren and sisters, if

or short, it is all we have."hood meeting held last night when we would periodically read the stateSince life is all we have, and since, President Moyle said, "We should have ment of John the Baptist. These are

blessedly, it is everlasting, and since the 12,000 young men preaching the gospel his words: "Upon you my fellow servjourneyalways—foris long,truth,a searchingfor that iswhichindicated,will toent,thosethe notChurchof ourhasfaith."6,000 missionaries,At the prestheants, Priesthoodin the nameof Aaron,of MessiahwhichI conferholds

bring peace and purpose, and for an and, I am sure, President Moyle and the keys of the ministering of angels, awareness of the meaning of all that we brethren and sisters, that it is possible and of the gospel of repentance, and of are and of all that the Lord God, who to have 12,000 missionaries in the baptism by immersion for the remission gave us life and who made us in his world preaching the gospel because all of sins; and this shall never be taken

image, intends for us. of our brethren whether they hold the again from the earth, until the sons of

I would witness to you, my beloved Aaronic or the Melchizedek Priesthood Levi do offer again an offering unto the brethren and sisters, worldwide, of the should have a full knowledge of the Lord in righteousness."(D&C, section

certainty of my soul as to the divinity gospel and a testimony that they can 13.) These words will build a testimony

of the Lord Jesus Christ, the literal Son bear to the world. of its truthfulness in their hearts.

of God, who died that men might live; Two thousand years ago, it was deAfter Christ and the apostles had left

of the gospel that he left for the salvaclared by the Christ, "And this gospel the earth, the world changed its attition and exaltation of all of us, which, of the kingdom shall be preached in all tude toward the gospel, and the organover the centuries, was changed and lost, the world for a witness unto all nations; ization of the Church was taken away.

as to its fulness and authority; and that and then shall the end come."(Matthew There had been a change in the form

the heavens again were opened, that 24:14.) of baptism. There had been a change

JUNE I960 403 in repentance. In fact, the Church as John the Baptist and by the apostles, Great Britain have joined the Church.

a whole had changed. Therefore, a Peter, James, and John. During the last three years, our Prophet

great event had to take place wherein With reference to youth, I hope the dedicated temples in London, New Zeagreat men as Martin Luther and others youth of the Church will read the hisland, and Switzerland for the benefit some four hundred years ago had the tory of the Prophet Joseph Smith and of the people in those countries. Recourage to declare to the world that the read of all of these great events which cently, Elder Harold B. Lee was in

socalled church of that time had gone took place, remembering he called upon faroff England, and there he organized wrong. They were no longer giving the Lord at the age of fourteen. The a stake in the Manchester area. The

consideration to the priesthood as it exFather and the Son appeared, and the Lord intends that all his people, reisted in the days of the prophets or in Father said, "... This is My Beloved gardless of where they are, are to have

the days of John the Baptist. Son. Hear Him!"(Joseph Smith 2:17.) the same privileges and opportunities

With the reformation that came If the youth of the Church have this that were revealed to us through the through these great men, then, the testimony in their souls, they would Prophet Joseph Smith. The youth of

restoration was necessary. The Lord not have any difficulties in understandthe Church should know more about

selected the young man Joseph Smith ing what they should do to live the Joseph Smith and of these great historito restore the true Church. For that gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. cal events that have taken place so that

reason, John the Baptist appeared and As I read the history of Joseph Smith they will have in their souls a testimony bestowed upon him and Oliver Cowdery and all the great events that took place, that Joseph Smith actually saw the the Aaronic Priesthood. I am impressed with the fact that he Father and the Son, that the establishTo you bishops who are responsible was a young man. At the age of twentyment of the Church came through

for men who are laboring with the two he received the Aaronic and Melrevelation, not coming to a man because

Aaronic Priesthood, see that all these chizedek Priesthood. When he reached of his own ideas but because of the

young men will understand the gospel twentyfour, 5,000 copies of the Book plan of the Lord for us in these the in its fulness, and as they go on year of Mormon were printed which were latter days. Youth should know that

by year and arrive at the age of twenty, available to the world. When he was this young man at the age of thirtysix

they will have a testimony whereby they twentyfive years of age, the Church was made it possible for all of us to receive can go out into the world and testify moved to Kirtland, and there he orwhat is called endowments. The youth

that Joseph Smith actually saw the dained the first bishop. At the age of should understand and know what these

Father and the Son. They will have the twentyseven, he received the revelaendowments are. Fathers and mothers,

knowledge and the ability to teach the tion on the Word of Wisdom. Onethat is your responsibility, and mine, to

world the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. hundred and twentyseven years ago, teach them of these sacred things. At

All of us who hold the Melchizedek he received that marvelous revelation. the age of thirtyseven, the Prophet

Priesthood hold it because Peter, James, At the age of twentyseven he comJoseph received the revelation on the and John bestowed it upon Joseph Smith menced the erection of a temple. At new and everlasting covenant of marand Oliver Cowdery. These are the the age of twentynine he chose twelve riage. Youth should know about the

only young men in the history of nearly apostles. At the age of thirty he dedinew and everlasting covenant of mar-

2,000 years who have declared that they cated the Kirtland Temple. When that riage whereby youth may have the opactually saw Peter, James, and John, great event took place, there were viportunity of going into the house of the

and who bestowed upon them the Melsions, there were angels, the Christ apLord and being sealed for time and chizedek Priesthood. That marvelous peared to him, and there were Moses, eternity. That is our responsibility. At

revelation given to the Prophet Joseph Elias, and Elijah who bestowed their the age of thirtyeight, he sealed his and Oliver Cowdery can be found in keys of authority on him. These events testimony of the restoration of the

the Doctrine and Covenants, section made it possible for all the sons and Church and the gospel of Jesus Christ 27, verse 12, when Christ said to them daughters of our Heavenly Father who with his blood.

and to us who hold the Melchizedek had lived over the hundreds of years I pray that youth will be able to testify

Priesthood, "And also with Peter, and gone by to enjoy all of these blessings. of these historical events and know the

James, and John, whom I have sent unto When he was thirtytwo years of age truth of the words found in Moses 1:39,

you, by whom I have ordained you and the Church had to move into Missouri. "For behold, this is my work and my

confirmed you to be apostles,..."Is At that time, he received the marvelglory—to bring to pass the immortality

there any question that we have apostles ous revelation on tithing. Youth ought and eternal life of man."

today as there were apostles in the days to be aware of the fact that the law of May the Lord continue to bless you of the Prophet Joseph? There should tithing came through revelation. When as the parents of youth, to bless all of

not be because here we have the words the Prophet Joseph Smith was thirtytwo us that, in turn, we may be a great source of the Christ himself when he said, years of age, another great event took of inspiration and guidance to them, I "... by whom I have ordained you and place and that was to give the Church humbly ask in the name of Jesus Christ.

confirmed you to be apostles..."of the its name. None of the great leaders Amen.

Lord Jesus Christ with the same auor organizers of other churches have thority, the same rights and the same ever attempted to say, "This is the privileges that existed nearly 2,000 years Church of Jesus Christ."They may

ago. Then he said, "... and especial take the name of Luther. They may

witnesses of my name..."—to be espetake the names of others. The revelacial witnesses of the name of Christ tion given to the Prophet in the Dochimself. We who hold the Melchizedek trine and Covenants, section 115, verse

Priesthood, can continually bear testi- 4 said, "For thus shall my church be mony to the fact as well as the called in the last days, even The Church apostles that Jesus Christ was the Son of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."

of God. Then he said, "... and bear Youth ought to know why this great

the keys of your ministry and of the organization carries that sacred name Said the Millennial Star in 1882:

I revealed unto Thesame things which Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- "The first qualities wanted in all day Saints. shouldthem."be no question There

whether we hold the Aaronic or MelAt the age of thirtyfour, this young who deal with the education of chizedek Priesthood but that we have man sent nine apostles into England to children are—patience, selfcontrol,

received this authority because it was preach the gospel. As a result of their and a youthful Heart that remembers

bestowed upon the Prophet Joseph by work, literally thousands of people from his own early days."

404 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Let me see those golden plates—thoughts are not your thoughts, neither seeing is believing—"he said. are your ways my ways,... For as the

"Perhaps,"I admitted, hastening to heavens are higher than the earth, so explain that Joseph Smith returned them are my ways higher than your ways, to the Angel Moroni who had told him and my thoughts than your thoughts."

that a sealed part or section of the (Isaiah 55:8-9.)

plates would be translated at a future Yes, the Lord's way was best.

time when the world was better prepared (1) His way—keeping the plates

to receive its message. safely preserves them against the time

"Well,"he smiled as he answered when the world is ready for a translafacetiously, "when Moroni returns them tion of the part thereof which is sealed.

for translation, give me a ring. I'd like Joseph Smith was not permitted to transto ask him a few questions."late this sealed part because the hearts

I suppose there are critics and skeptics of the people were not susceptible to the whose attitudes toward the Book of divine truth contained therein. ConMormonphilosophy—"seeingare reflectedis inbelieving."this man'sI wrote:cerning it, the historianprophet Moroni

suppose, too, that some of our young "... there never were greater things

missionaries have wished that Moroni made manifest than those which...

... And he commanded me that A DIVINE KEY TO hadso thatlefthethecouldplateshavewithdepositedJosephthemSmithin thethem;Lord hath commanded me to write

KNOWLEDGE wheresome publicinvestigatorsplace, amightmuseumcomeperhaps,to see Icommandedshould seal thatthem I up;shouldand hesealalsouphaththe

for themselves and thus be convinced, interpretation thereof;... until the day

since seeing is believing. that they [the Gentiles] shall repent

William J. Critchlow, Jr. I wonder! And my wondering inof their iniquity, and become clean beAssistant to the Council of the Twelve clines me to doubt—even question the fore the Lord."(Ether 4:4-6.)

plates is the that fancy let's assume idea that—"seeing In believing"—parthe ticularly deposited with in its application mummies been to the golden had

"What music must our Father have plates. and the Egyptian scrolls in the Chicago

provided for His saints in Heaven, when Were any of our early missionaries museum. Both would then have been

He afforded us such music here on or others ever able to support "seeing destroyed by fire. Joseph Smith never

earth."is believing"with evidence that the did find time to translate the second

I borrowed that from Izaak Walton people who saw the papyri scrolls with scroll which he said contained the writto express my appreciation for the the Egyptian mummies readily accepted ings of Joseph, grandson of Abraham.

music of this great choir. If music were Joseph Smith's translation of one of the Its contents are seemingly lost to the

the language of angels, I have heard scrolls as divinely inspired? The book world. So, without the Lord's interangels speak this morning. of Abraham in the Pearl of Great Price vention, "the greater things made maniAbout one hundred forty years ago, constitutes this translation. Those mumfest"in the sealed portion of the gold

an early American historian directed a mies and scrolls were exhibited over a plates may have been similarly lost to youth, Joseph Smith, to a hidden deposit period of two years, throughout towns the world. Surely God's "ways are

of golden plates upon which was enand cities east of the Appalachian Mounhigher than your ways and my thoughts graved a history of the early inhabitants tains. For another nine years they were than your thoughts."I am grateful

of the Americas. The engravings, subin Joseph Smith's possession, and after that the Lord kept the plates. Sometime,

sequently translated by Joseph Smith his death they reportedly reposed in I hope to read the "greater things"sealed by the gift and power of God, comprise museums; first, in St. Louis and later therein.

the Book of Mormon. The historian in Chicago, where they were supposedly (2) His way—keeping the plateswas Moroni—a resurrected prophet. destroyed in the great fire of 1871. complied with and satisfied his own

In an interview with a prospective Thousands of people must have seen divine law of witnesses which is "In the young missionary, I quite routinely them. No one, so far as I am able to mouth of two or three witnesses shall

asked: determine, ever questioned their genuineevery word be established."(2 Corin-

"Do you believe Joseph Smith was a ness, but how many, because they felt thians 13:1.) He gave this law to Moses

prophet of God?""seeing is believing,"accepted Joseph for the children of Israel; (Deut. 17:6.)

"Sir,"he said, "I know Joseph Smith Smith's translation as the handiwork of He taught this law to his disciples when was a prophet of God."God and petitioned for membership in he walked with them on earth (Matt.

"What is your feeling about the Book his (God's) Church? Very, very few 18:1516); he inspired his servant Paul

of Mormon?"I'm sure. What reason have we then to teach this law to the Corinthians (2

"I know the Book of Mormon is to suspect that seeing the Book of MorCor. 13:1); and he literally conformed

true,"he replied. mon plates would be different? Were to this law in this last dispensation by

His quick emphatic reply prompted they available for inspection people seesupplying twelve witnesses of the golden me to say, "How can you be so positive ing them may admit that golden plates plates, Joseph Smith and eleven others.

about it?"exist, and that there are engravings upon (3) His way—keeping the plates His response again was emphatic, them—which scholars cannot translate, satisfies adequately the civil laws of the

impressive, and brief. Three short but would that knowledge silence the land with respect to witnesses. Twelve

words conveyed it: "I've read it."attacks of skeptics who surely would witnesses in any civil court comprise a

There are undoubtedly many of you impute them to be spurious? Would jury whose verdict should completely

members of the Church listening to me it abate the endless disputations about satisfy the demands of civil law. Theat this moment who could similarly their origin, the angel, and the translajury's verdict was: "The plates exist—

testify to the truthfulness of the Book tion by the gift and power of God? we saw them."This evidence is incontroof Mormon because you've read it. Again, I wonder. The more I ponder vertible.

One scholarly man told me that he the suggestion that "seeing is believing"Listen for a moment to the witnesses:

could not bring himself to read the the more convinced I am that the Lord's "Be it known unto all nations,

Book of Mormon because of the fanway was best—he kept the plates. He kindreds, tongues, and people, unto

tastic story concerning its origin. said to his prophet Isaiah: "For my whom this work shall come: That we...

JUNE I960 405 have seen the plates..., and we also would ask God, the Eternal Father, in

know that they have been translated by the name of Christ, if these things are the gift and power of God, for his voice not true; and if ye shall ask with sinhath declared it unto us;... And we cere heart, with real intent, having faith

also testify that we have seen the enin Christ, he will manifest the truth of gravings which are upon the plates; it unto you, by the power of the Holy

... And we declare with words of soberGhost."(Moroni 10:4.)

ness, that an angel of God... brought This promise is not unlike a promise

and laid before our eyes, that we beheld made by our Lord and Master nineteen and saw the plates, and the engravings hundred years ago when he stood upon thereon;..."So spoke three of them. a mount in Galilee and spoke:

Eight others spoke as follows: "Ask and it shall be given you; seek,

"Be it known unto all nations, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall

kindreds, tongues, and people, unto be opened unto you."(Matt. 7:7.)

whom this work shall come: That Joseph Another time he said: "If any of you

Smith, Jun.,... has shown unto us the lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that

plates... which have the appearance giveth to all men liberally, and upof gold;... and we also saw the enbraideth not; and it shall be given him.

gravings thereon,... And this we bear (James 1:5.)

record with words of soberness, that... Joseph Smith, the youth, did "ask,"

we have seen and hefted, and know of a and he did "seek"and he did "knock"surety that the said Smith has got the and there was "opened unto"him plates of which we have spoken...."golden plates—delivered by one Moroni,

I have deleted from these testimonies, an early American historianprophet;

gift the translated by brevity, interest of Josephin interwhich the many and TEACH HONOR this same investiby of God. And now every poweresting statements which

gator of the work should read. They power or by the power of the Holy

specifically promhas (God) of the preface Ghost, he one found on bemay "with Mark E. Petersen will the book read of ised all of thepages who Mormon. Book

None of the witnesses ever denied his a sincere heart, with real intent, having of the Council of the Twelve testimony. Each to his last breath and faith in Christ,"to "manifest the truth

some with their last breath declared in of it unto you."

the trip, in guest a recent I was a On plates the the "I worksubstance, saw (5) God's way—keeping plates—the six or seven of about a little boy home divine key witnesses a preciousis the of provided twelve true."Two key—a

looking through age. of years was He used have their blood; of you if used their testimonies with as many whichsealed

five were excommunicated from the it, will unlock the door to: his older brother's Boy Scout Handbook.

section on tracking, turned to the had He that of Morthe "Book the from others withdrewChurch; two—Knowledge footare to follow taught Scouts where misthe said young is true."So disaffection toward despiteChurch; but mon

the Church, enmity toward the Prophet, sionary. I add my witness. prints of animals. He told me that he

this expects he that coming summer contains Bible the that of persecution, one notadversity, and—Knowledge foottracking, following will out be of of Book his Mormon testimony. the word ever deniedthem God—the

prints. its plates is witness. the His (4) way—keeping of footprints anithe I looked beyond Smith plates, was that lieu of the Joseph inleft to world, the—Knowledge of beings, footprints to the mals human of transtrue read, God. prophet a a not couldwhich man

lation thereof which man can read,—Knowledge that Jesus Christ is the and wondered whose foot tracks he

up. follow as he grew I wonLiving into twentytranslated Son of thebecause it is now God—the Book of would

or tracks be good dered if they would witness. is his It of is the Bookfour languages. MorMormon

mon. Joseph Smith translated it by I believe that Joseph Smith was a bad tracks, and if the people who would

the gift and power of God. prophet of God, that he was visited by make those tracks would be uplifting

The intrinsic value of the plates is one Moroni an early American historianor degrading in their influence on him.

not their gold content, but is their mesprophet who directed him to a hidden I picked up his book and turned to sage content. The Lord left that mesdeposit of golden plates. The engravthe section where I read the Boy Scout

sage to the world. ings thereon he [Joseph Smith], transoath. You remember the first few words

I will do honor "On my best. my of power is of God and are, It and the said, pudding lated by the gift "The proof

..."this will up, grows he what As proof the of Mormon. the Book is produced eating."So is the in of thus

the Book of Mormon in the reading. This is my humble testimony. I bear little boy learn about honor or dishonor?

The young missionary who said, "I it gladly, in the name of Jesus Christ. Who will teach him? Or does it really

know the Book of Mormon is true beAmen. matter? How important is honor, anycause I've read it,"is not unlike thouway? Is it something sacred? Is it

sands of you who are listening to me, sacred to you? Is it sacred to very many

who, too, can testify that you know it Americans?

is true because you've read it. In my opinion, America needs a reAnd when you read it, you discovered birth of honor more than it needs any

a key which unlocked for you a source other one thing. It needs honor more

the proved beyond of evidence which of GARDEN GALLERY thansubmarines.it needs itsPutatomweaponsbombsinandthenuclearhands source divine doubt the of ashadow

its origin. of dishonorable men and what have

This key was your reward for reading by Barbara Yerbury Filan you?

the book, from cover to cover, for only America needs honor more than it to the their reading pursue those who is the An artist paints a flower; needsin thewealthhands andof dishonorableprosperity. Putmen,wealthand find it. This will closing pages

key: I can't. what have you?

"And when ye shall receive these Yet I, too, create beauty; America needs honor even more than

things, I would exhort you that ye I plant. it needs professions of religious piety.

406 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What good is a profession of religion in I recently read an editorial in the betterment... interested enough to

a man who has no honor? Such men Richmond, Virginia, NewsLeader, commake tile effort for good government?

lived in the days of Jesus. He called menting on this moral breakdown in Is decency becoming unpopular in this

them scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites. America, and making special reference country?"

Have you been shocked at the public to the "payola"scandal. The editor Then he says, "The great challenge

display of deception and dishonesty we said: of America is to be a decent guy, a conhave seen recently from coast to coast? "The fault lies wholly in ourselves, structive citizen, a responsible businessAre you alarmed at the lack of charand in the sort of shallow, materialist man, an honorable workingman....

acter which has been exhibited? Are society we have built for our country. "... The test of civilization is not

you frightened when the public conHere we sit in our innerspring cocoons, how many cars you own or some of the science is dimmed and when men and fashioned of infinite soft selfdeceptions, things that have been glorified on TV women alike strive in greed and selfishand stare at the disc jockeys outside. and in the movies. The test of civilizaness to get all they can and give as "Who will cast the first stone? tion is the kind of people we turn out."

little in return as they can? "Will it be the farmer, paid for not And he concludes, "I'm sure that is abAre you alarmed when working men farming his land? solutely true."

laugh at the principle of giving an hon- "Or will it be the executive, padding My mind goes back to the little boy est day's work for an honest day's pay? his expense account? with the Scout manual. What if every

Are you shocked when large industries "Will it be the student who cheats? American could but learn the first great

become involved in public scandals? "Will it be the veteran who fakes a lesson in that manual, the lesson of

Does it scare you to learn that our govdisability? The bureaucrat who makes honor? What if every man were as

ernment was defrauded by its own useless work? The politicians who buy honorable as he expects his son to be?

citizens of five billion dollars in income votes? The special interests who buy What if every woman were as honorable

tax in a single year? politicians? The merchant whose fancy as she hopes her children will be? What

Where will all this lack of honor take package conceals a shoddy product? if every boy and girl had honor enus? What will be its effect upon our Who is the condemner, who the conthroned in their hearts and could pledge

children? Think of my little boy friend demned? to all men that on that sacred honor they

and his Boy Scout book: "On my honor "All this,"says the editorial, "is not would do their best in life?

..."What will honor mean to him? to condone for an instant the greedy, There is no happiness without honor.

The uniform crime reports of the FBI cynical and irresponsible conduct of There is little success without doing issued last September indicate that those persons in the broadcasting inone's best.

adults are responsible for eighty percent dustry whose contempt for the American To instil in the mind and heart of a of the major crimes in the United States. boob is now so shockingly revealed. child the importance of honor and the

Then, who is leading the march of They are reaping their own whirlwind. value of doing his best, is one of our

dishonor and disgrace in America today? It is merely to suggest that we get this greatest tasks. What are we without

Not the juvenile delinquents who get scandal in perspective, painful as the good character? Can good character exthe headlines. process may be.... ist without honor?

This same FBI report shows that the "... When our schools are crowded When we look at the life and teachage group in which most arrests are with 'crib courses'and our ministers ings of the Savior, it was the hypocrite,

made is the group fifty years of age are absorbed in the intricacies of adthe pretentious hypocrite, who received and older. Think of it! More arrests ministration, and our families have left his most scathing criticism.

among people fifty years of age and it to somebody else to inculcate cultural It was the honest widow giving her over than among any other age group values in their children, and the conmite, who has lived in our memories as in the United States! The next highest fiscatory nature of tax laws has made an example to be followed.

age group is made up of persons from a nation of devious contrivers, no wonJudas the traitor will forever be the thirty to thirtyfour, and the next highest der a quiz show contestant sees deceppersonification of dishonor at its worst.

those from thirtyfive to thirtynine. tion as reality and fraud as accepted The prayer in Gethsemane will always

I wondered if this picture had changed social behavior."be the criterion of devotion.

in the last five years and looking in Recently I read an address given in In this Church we have many marvelthe FBI report of five years before, I Boise, Idaho, by Judge Philip Gilliam ous characterbuilding activities. We

discovered that still, even then, those of Denver, the judge of the juvenile have outstanding organizations which fifty years of age and over accounted for court there. Among other things he teach honor and integrity to our young

more crimes than any other age group. said: people. The Boy Scout movement is

I was very interested in last year's "It seems to me that there has been one of them. It is a wellestablished

report to discover that only nineteen sweeping through America... an arbifact that this training in boys makes of

percent of all the arrests for major tration between right and wrong. them honorable citizens, with good

crimes in the United States involved "... you know,"he said, "you see it character and high ideals.

people under twentyone years of age. with the adults so often: [they say] Then in the light of our national

Do you remember the verse which Don't be a sucker, why should I pay moral status, in the knowledge of our says: my taxes if there is any way to get out great need to teach honor and integrity,

of it?... in the interest of rearing the next genera-

"'Twas a sheep, not a lamb that strayed "But you see it in the kids, too,"he tion to be better than the present one, away said. "Every now and then you talk do we not need more of scouting and

In the parable Jesus told, to one of the kids we get in our training other agencies which teach honesty and

A grownup sheep that had gone astray school for delinquent boys, and you say, truth?

From the ninety and nine in the fold."'Son, why did you break the law?'Scouting can help make a boy an

And he says, 'I didn't want to be a... outstanding man, a good church memOur leaders in crime detection tell chicken....'ber, a good student, a good citizen.

us that our increased juvenile crime is "Can you imagine Thomas Jefferson Then why are not more parents interlargely due to a great letdown in honor sitting back [in his day] and saying, ested in this wonderful movement?

and integrity, a great collapse in the 'I didn't want to be a chicken?'Why is there resistance in many homes?

moral fiber of the nation. They warn Then he continues: "Golly, friends, is Why do some officials who are charged

us that when we overlook honesty on there something wrong with being a dewith the welfare and development of such a wide scale, national disaster may cent guy, with being a responsible citiboyhood sidestep their responsibilities overtake us. zen... interested in community to the scouting program?

JUNE I960 407 It seems incredible, in a day when so have occupied it at every conference twelve, to direct the work of the sevenmuch temptation faces our youth, that since, and it gets no easier, brethren and ties.

any grown person, especially a parent sisters. There is a sense of growing At the first conference after the death

or worker with youth, would fail to take responsibility that comes to one with of the Prophet, a member of the Counfull advantage of the Scout program. the passing of the years and the expericil of the Twelve presented a resolution

Scouts are governed not only by their ences that come from this office, so I to the conference that all elders under oath to do their best on their sacred seek an interest in your faith and prayers, thirtyfive years of age, who were willing honor, but also by their law which says that perchance something I may say may to accept of the responsibility of misthat a Scout is trustworthy, loyal, helpbe helpful to some of us, for the only sionary work, should be ordained into ful, friendly, courteous. A Scout is purpose we have is that of helping to the seventies quorum, and enough men

kind, obedient, cheerful, thrifty, brave, come to a betterment of our lives as were ordained to make up twelve quoclean, and reverent. members of the Church. rums. Then this first group of seventy

Is there a boy anywhere who would You have been told that I am a memwas broken down into ten groups and not benefit by having these traits of ber of the First Council of the Seventy. each seven became the presidents of

character developed within him? Is It is astonishing how many people think a quorum. The first seven remained

there a home which would not be that I can be a member of the First the presidency over all the seventies blessed by having such a boy within it, Council of the Seventy and a high priest of the Church; the second, third, fourth

a boy who is helpful, trustworthy, loyal, in the Church, which is not the case. to the tenth became the presidents of

friendly, and kind? I think it may be appropriate if I can other quorums, the theory prevailing, it

What if every boy was courteous to gather from my experience, just to tell seems, that the first quorum was the his mother? What if every boy was you a few words about how the sevenpresiding quorum of all the seventies

kind to little sister? What if every one ties came into existence under the inin the Church.

was obedient in the home and obedient spiration that was given to the Prophet Now the first quorum of the seventy to God? Joseph Smith. has not been kept intact, except for the

Would there be any moral breakdown, Almost all of the men who were orpresidency of it, who are sustained as if all boys were clean? In this day of dained seventies in that first period, were members of the General Authorities of

delinquency, can we think of any better men who had placed their lives at the the Church.

way to prevent filthy living than to plant disposition of the Prophet Joseph Smith. Now these brethren were given a very

a love of cleanliness in the heart of a Almost all of them were men who had special office in the priesthood. All elders

boy? gone down in Zion's Camp and had under thirtyfive who are willing and

It is time to teach honor to America. proved a willingness, if necessary, to worthy to do missionary work should

It is time to acknowledge that an honest give their lives for the work of the be ordained seventies, and that is the man is the noblest work of God. It is Church, under the leadership of the primary responsibility of the seventies

time to remember that when the grownProphet. in the Church.

up sheep wander off from the fold, they Then there came a time, shortly after An appeal was made last evening for usually lead the lambs astray. that, when the Prophet was inspired a great number of missionaries, a great

May we awaken to our responsibility to call and ordain twelve men to the increase in the number of missionaries to be honest and true, to exalt honor in apostleship of the Church, that was in in the Church. It just happens that I

our lives and in our thinking, I earnest1835 in the early part of the year. have been on that missionary committee

ly pray in the name of Jesus Christ. That was followed within a few weeks since coming into the First Council and

Amen. by the ordination of a number of men realize the need of it. We have twenty

as seventies in the Church, and before thousand men in this Church who are very many weeks had gone there were seventies, more than twenty thousand, three full groups of seventy each and I believe, every one of them committed forty of a fourth group who had been orto the proclamation of the restored gosdained to the office of seventy. Over pel of Jesus Christ. Every one of them

all of them were placed seven men to should be qualified for that particular direct their efforts. purpose. And what should he be willThings went along pretty well for a ing to do? Every one of them and

while, and then one day there were two every son that he should rear with the men working in a brickyard, one was prospect of becoming a missionary, a high priest and the other was a seventy, should be able to testify that he knows and the high priest undertook to correct that God and Christ are Personal Beings, the seventy, and he rebuked him for a testimony which I have often said, something he, the seventy, did, and the came hack to the world through the seventy said, "You just can't do that. I vision that was first given to the Prophet

hold a higher office than you do in the Joseph Smith. He must be able to

priesthood."That little quarrel retestify that through experience he knows

sulted in their carrying the question to that God lives, that Jesus Christ is his

Sunday Afternoon session, the Prophet Joseph Smith as to which Son. He must evince a faith that

April 3, 1960 might be higher. I do not know whether will impel him to respond to every

the Prophet ever said which was higher, legitimate call that may be made of but he discovered this, that five of the him by proper leadership in the Church.

It happens, as seventhat however, have many responsibilities their only been family and OFFICE OF THE menties ofwhothehadChurch,been appointedhad already opordained high priests, and he is quoted portunity to respond to this particular SEVENTY as having said that it is contrary to the mission, is in the stakes of Zion, a misvision that a high priest should preside sion which is equally important with

Antoine R. Ivins in the quorums of the seventies, so those those in foreign fields. It does not reof the First Council of the Seventy five men were withdrawn, and another quire the same time, it does not require

five took their place as presidents. the same loss of income. There are

My brethren and sisters, in October During the entire life of the Prophet many things that are advantageous to 1931, I occupied this position for the Joseph Smith, there were only those it, as compared to the other, if you want first time, as your appointed servant. I seven men, under the direction of the to call it an advantage to avoid these

408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA responsibilities. But it is an important bility. Just how well we acquit ourmission because no man can say that selves of it, I cannot say. I can say

a convert in a stake is not as important this, however, that as a member of the as a convert in any foreign mission First Council, I am tremendously proud which you might name. But the fact of the lives that most of our seventies

is, that we expect that type of service of live, and of their willingness to sacrithem, one way or another. We expect fice for this great and worthy purpose.

every one of them to live in such a way But the great thing that has come out, that his growing children may grow up or one of the great things that has come with faith in Jesus Christ as the Son out, of the interviews that we have had of God, and with an aspiration and an with the mission presidents over the ambition someday to be able to declare last few days, is the fact that some of it to people who have not yet come to these young people have not been so understand it and have the glorious taught and they have to learn it under privilege of membership in the Church. the direction of the mission presidents.

I wonder how well the seventies do It becomes a grave responsibility for a it. I wonder how well the elders do mission president to have to implant into

it, because that is also their problem. I the soul and heart of a young man the

wonder how well the high priests do testimony that should have been placed it, how well they indoctrinate into the there by his father by his own faith hearts their chiland minds of growing service prayer and and to the Church. THE PRIMARYdren the is that testimony Christ Jesus this, just realize could Now, if wethe Son of God, that he is our Elder brethren and sisters, if we could realize PURPOSE OF THE

Brother, and that they live, that they when these tots are growing up, thathear and answer prayers, and that this care in the way we live, care in the PRESENTgreat work came into existence because things we do, care in the things we teach DISPENSATION

God and Christ did appear to the them, can so build into their conProphet Joseph Smith, because under sciousness a testimony of the truth, that their mandate other beings who had at maturity they will have been able to EIRay L. Christiansen

lived upon this earth, as resurrected go through all of the trials of adolescence Assistant to the Council of the Twelve beings I suppose, celestialized, whatever and come out unscathed. That is the

you call it—came back to the earth objective, brethren and sisters, of this

and bestowed a priesthood upon Joseph great work—one of them. I have been deeply moved by the

and Oliver, and with that authorization And as fathers of this growing generatimely and appropriate messages of those and under direct inspiration from God, tion, and as mothers, we have that who have spoken in this conference, beour Heavenly Father, there was brought responsibility, brethren and sisters, to ginning last evening, and also by the into existence a Church organization to prepare these young people for that beautiful and inspiring music that has control the use of the privileges of the service, because that is one of the three been rendered both last night and topriesthood in the ordinances that are major purposes of the Church of Jesus day.

essential to exaltation in the kingdom Christ of Latterday Saints, and I am Now I desire to discuss briefly with of God. not here to tell you which is most imyou, a matter which should be the conEvery boy who expects to go on a portant—the work for the living memcern of every member of the Church

mission, every boy or girl who aspires bers of the Church, the work for our and for which I believe there is a need, to a mission, should, through the way dead ancestors, or the effort to give this on the part of many of us, for greater he lives and through his study and his great opportunity to people who have interest and fervor.

faith and prayer, come to a position so not yet understood it. They are three We live in the period of time spoken

that he can testify to those things before major purposes of the Church, but it of by the prophets of the Bible, when he goes into the mission field. does not matter which one of those all the keys of the priesthood, the powers,

Now, brethren and sisters, that is not fields you aim at, the problem is to the gifts, and the authority are restored our happy experience always, as direcimplant into the hearts of those and are now in the hands of the servtors of this great missionary work. Too youngsters whom you have brought into ants of the Lord in this day, all of

often, inexperienced, almost unconverted this world, a testimony that will make which is preparatory to the ushering in young people respond to our suggestion. their lives as near perfect as possible, of the millennial reign of the Savior.

It is almost never that they fail to get and their service to their fellows a treThe primary purposes of this dispenthat testimony, once they get into the mendous and wonderful one. sation are first, to gather Israel through

mission field and devote themselves to May God bless and help us, I pray, the great missionary service of the the work. But cannot you imagine that doing it in the name of Jesus Christ. Church and the proselyting effort of all

if that testimony were implanted in their Amen. of us, that through the gospel of Jesus

hearts as growing young people, that Christ, they may seek and find salvation their lives would be different, so that and exaltation with their families.

they would always be entitled to the And secondly, the redemption and

Spirit of God to guide them and direct salvation of the dead through vicarious them, to help them in their studies and service.

preparation for this great work. Is there Section two of the Doctrine and Covegreater thatanything people can do

to offer othersthan the opportunity of HIT AND RUN nantsMoroni,containsthe angelthe whowords appearedspoken byto membership in the Church of Jesus Joseph Smith, the Prophet. While it

Christ of Latterday Saints, and thereby by Lucretia Penny is very brief, it is, nevertheless, one give them the privilege of earning an of the most significant and important of exaltation in the kingdom of God?

is the greatestthink that that blessing I Remember oneall revelations.time had thisElderto sayJohnaboutA. thisWidtsoesecanybody can ever offer to people. December? tion:

Now, the seventies have that as a Not June "The beginning and the end of the special calling and a special responsiSo soon! gospel is written in section two of the

JUNE I960 409 Doctrine and Covenants. It is the keyof the last dispensation, the redemption is going on in all the temples. I see in

stone of the wonderful gospel arch; and of the living and of the dead."this service one of the greatest tributes

if that center stone should weaken and Now the redemption of the dead carto the faithfulness of the Saints on befall out, the whole gospel structure ries a twofold obligation and mission, half of others that could be manifested would topple down in unorganized docto which we have all been called by by anyone, anywhere. When I see busy

trinal blocks."revelation of the Lord. In the journal men nearly equaling the number of

Let us see what is contained in this of President Woodruff he wrote this: women, coming hurriedly from their

momentous revelation: "I, Wilford Woodruff, received the offices and from their work, regularly

"Behold, I will reveal unto you the following revelation from the Lord."Inby appointment to act in behalf of these

Priesthood, by the hand of Elijah the cluded in that revelation which was who have passed beyond, it touches my prophet, before the coming of the great unanimously adopted by the Presidency heart. The fervor of those who come is

and dreadful day of the Lord. and the Twelve of the Church and by marvelous, and the love that they mani-

"And he shall plant in the hearts of the Church in conference assembled, is fest for the dead is beautiful to behold.

the children the promises made to the found this admonition: It is indeed the second great commandfathers, and the hearts of the children "We want the Latterday Saints from ment in action.

shall turn to their fathers. this time to trace their genealogies as The other phase of our responsibility,

"If it were not so, the whole earth far as they can and be sealed to their however, that of identifying the dead would be utterly wasted at his coming."fathers and to their mothers and have through genealogical research, is barely

(D&C 2.) their children sealed to their parents keeping pace with the work done in

Thus in this revelation, Moroni reiterand run this chain through as far as the temples of the Lord. In this temple

ated the promise of the Lord made you can get it. This is the will of the we have for some time administered

through Malachi, centuries before. (Mai. Lord to the people."many more endowments for the dead

3:5-6.) Brothers and sisters, there can be no than we have baptisms for the dead.

About twelve and a half years after substitute for the Lord's plan in reThat means that we will eventually these pronouncements were given by deeming our dead relatives, and no run into difficulties if something is not

Moroni, Elijah actually appeared to amount of sidestepping our individual done in the matter of more extensive

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery and responsibility will excuse us for neglectresearch on the part of the individual committed into their hands the keys of ing to do these two important things, families.

the sealing power and said unto them, namely, identifying the dead from the Some time ago the First Presidency "... by this ye may know that the great records available, and then seeing to authorized the sending forth of a letter

and dreadful day of the Lord is near, it that they have received in the temples appealing to leaders throughout the even at the doors."(D&C 110:16.) by proxy the necessary ordinances for Church to strengthen the genealogical

Along with the restoration of the keys their salvation. committees in the stakes, in the wards,

and the powers of the priesthood to enWe as heads of families must not and in the missions and to encourage able the living and the dead to gain equivocate in this; we must not prothose assigned to this work to go into

salvation, there came an almost overcrastinate; we must not assume that Aunt the homes of the people and teach the

whelming responsibility and obligation Martha or some other relative is doing fundamental procedures necessary to acto the Latterday Saints, to act as agents all that needs to be done in this respect. complish this work of genealogical reof the Lord in bringing about the proMembers of the Church are coming search. In that letter, priesthood

gram of salvation and redemption to to the temples in everincreasing numquorum presidencies are urged to actutheir fellow men. Where in all the bers. For some time the average number ate this work through their committees,

world can you find a people whose faith of endowments administered on behalf through their quorum Church service teaches them to recognize the justice of the dead by the good people in this and quorum activity committees, parit see to to district, that each and enticularly, 1738 has averaged all temple to of in grantingand mercy God is their to attending sealings besides the family in quorum a day, dowments least the living or dead, same or atmen, an equal opportunity to receive salvaand the baptisms. Nearly 40,000 were this indispensable part of the Lord's

tion? Since God is just, his divine plan administered during the month of March program and this essential part of their

of salvation includes the means and the in the twentythree days during which own welfare and salvation. For I tell you,

power by which those who have died the temple was open. The same thing none of us can expect to bathe in glory

without a knowledge of the gospel may if we have "gone it alone"and have hear it, and if they will, receive it, and not reached out a hand for others in thereby gain the gift of eternal life. this respect.

letter, are people this urged young In

President a public discourse, WilIn in offered training the to obtain now this significantford Woodruff once made organizations auxiliary various through and consistent statement: the courses presented there, and then to

"Since God is no respecter of persons, cooperate with their parents in identifyhe will not give privileges to one generaing their loved ones who have departed tion and withhold them from another. from this life.

The whole human family, from Father The sisters are encouraged to cooper-

Adam down to our day, have got to ate with their husbands and to the best have the same privileges somewhere, of of their ability and skills to act as rehearing the Gospel of Christ. They searchers.

have to be preached to in the spirit But the responsibility lies directly in world. But nobody will baptize them the hands of the bearers of the priestthere. Therefore, someone must adhood, the heads of families to motivate,

minister to them by proxy here in the organize, and carry this work on through flesh, that they may be judged accordto a completion. As new temples are

ing to man in the flesh and have part built, there is even a greater and greater in the first resurrection."need for research to provide the necesAnd a few years later, this great sary names for the proper operation of

leader said: our temples. Almost everyone can make a

"We have to enter these temples and beginning by writing his own name, with redeem our dead. This is the great work his own genealogical information, and

410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA then continuing on with his parents, (Matt. 16:17.) He said on another occaoccasion that Jesus was in reality and

and his grandparents, and so forth. All sion, "If any man will do his will, he actually the Son of God, the Messiah

who will do this will find it a fascinatshall know of the doctrine, whether it about whom the ancient prophets had ing adventure and a most compensating be of God, or whether I speak of myspoken. Second, they learned that death

work. self."(John 7:17.) That doctrine, was not the end; that through that

Let us heed the call of our beloved brethren and sisters, is sound and logical. mysterious change we call death, the

leaders! The First Presidency of the Live it, and you will surely know. Inpersonalities and the identities of Moses

Church, and the other Brethren are troduce into your lives the everlasting and Elias had been preserved. But the

cognizant of this need and are anxious principles of life and salvation, and you Lord told these three servants, "Tell it about it and are extremely templewill have no doubts. Testimonies are to no one until I am gone."

minded, themselves. Let us heed their the strength of the Church. They are Well, I am sure they kept the secret,

call and through our efforts and resolid convictions based on facts that but many years later Peter remembered search demonstrate that we have turned cannot be ignored by an honest investiit. He referred to it in his second epistle

our hearts to our fathers, that the purgator of the truth. written to the Church. To me it has

poses of the Lord may be fulfilled. For A few years ago I rode in an automoalways been very interesting. Said

this I pray humbly, in the name of bile over a welltraveled highway down Peter:

Jesus Christ, the Lord. Amen. in Syria. We traveled through a "For we have not followed cunningly

country which is not unlike our own devised fables, when we made known

Rocky Mountain region—the hills, the unto you the power and coming of our

valleys, the vegetation, the clear mounLord Jesus Christ, but were eyewitnesses tain streams were similar to what we of his majesty."(2 Peter 1:16.)

see around us here. For a time everyWill you remember the word, "eyething we saw reminded us of home. The witnesses."These men were not dedriver of the car was wellinformed, ceived. They knew whereof they spoke.

and kept us advised as to the historical They were as certain and positive that background of the localities through Jesus was the Christ, and that there which we passed. was a life after death as they were that

At one juncture he stopped the car they lived in a world of reality, "For he and pointed to a high rugged mountain received from God the Father honour near the highway. "That,"he said, "is and glory,"said Peter, "when there

Mt. Hermon, the Mount of Transfiguracame such a voice to him from the

tion."Of course, we were immediately excellent glory, This is my beloved

interested. He called our attention to Son, in whom I am well pleased. And

the size of this gigantic mountain with this voice came from heaven, we heard its snowcapped elevations. He also when we were in the holy mount."

told us in his own way the story of (Ibid., 1:1718.)

MY TESTIMONY thethe Transfiguration.Savior had led hisHe explainedthree apostlesthat myA friends?great andWestrongcan receivetestimony,the isn'tleaderit,

to the very summit where they could ship of the Lord Jesus Christ without worship God unmolested. He reminded any doubts and without any misgivings.

Alma Sonne us that they climbed to the top of the I know of no man in history who has

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve mountain, and to do so required great made a bid for world leadership except physical strength and endurance. Then only Jesus Christ. He actually made

he remarked: "They must have been a bid to lead the world for he said:

My brethren and sisters, I believe the strong men, physically.""And other sheep I have, which are not

audience in this tabernacle has never It was an impressive story as he told of this fold: them also I must bring, and

looked so big to me as it does today, it. It must have been a great event in they shall hear my voice; and there

unless, perhaps, it was the first time I the lives of Peter, James, and John. shall be one fold, and one shepherd,"

occupied this position nineteen years ago, Matthew tells it in these words: (John 10:16) and he, of course, was to

when I was sustained as an Assistant "And after six days Jesus taketh be the shepherd, the only one qualified to the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles. Peter, James, and John his brother, and to lead the world back to the place where

I have had many experiences during bringeth them up into an high mounhe and God dwell.

those nineteen years. It has been my tain apart, He said, on another occasion, "Come

privilege to travel in many of the coun- "And was transfigured before them: unto me, all ye that labour and are

tries of Europe. I believe I have borne and his face did shine as the sun, and heavy laden, and I will give you rest.

my testimony in every state of the his raiment was white as the light. Take my yoke upon you,... for my yoke

Union, in every province of Canada; "And, behold, there appeared unto is easy, and my burden is light."(Matt.

in our sister republic on the south, in them Moses and Elias talking with him. 11:2830.) He then admonished his

Mexico, and on the islands in the "Then answered Peter, and said unto disciples—those twelve wonderful men

Hawaiian group. Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be here: who went into the world and preached

I want to say to you that I have been if thou wilt, let us make here three the gospel, revolutionizing the thinking greatly blessed; that the blessings which tabernacles; one for thee, and one for habits of men and women everywhere,

have come to me I could not possibly Moses, and one for Elias.... planting the seeds of freedom and dehave anticipated nineteen years ago. We "While he yet spake, behold, a bright mocracy in the hearts of men, "Go ye

have heard many testimonies today and cloud overshadowed them: and behold into all the world, and preach the gospel

yesterday, most of them very fervent and a voice out of the cloud, which said, to every creature."(Mark 16:15.)

well sustained. These testimonies have This is my beloved Son, in whom I am May we do our part towards the fulnot come as a result of scholarly rewell pleased; hear ye him."(Matthew filment of this great commission, for

search or scientific study, but by prayer17:1-5.) today we are doing exactly what they

ful investigation and by right living. He, the Lord, had been similarly indid nineteen centuries ago, and we are

When Peter bore his testimony to the troduced on the occasion of his baptism preaching the selfsame gospel, which is

Savior, the Savior answered: "... flesh in the River Jordan. These three aposthe power of God unto salvation. I so

and blood hath not revealed it unto tles learned two fundamental things: testify in the name of Jesus Christ.

thee, but my Father which is in heaven."First, they learned on that memorable Amen.

JUNE I960 411 The accomplishments of man in the him; male and female created he them.

last one hundred years, his everwiden- "And God blessed them, and God ing search for truth, his insatiable appesaid unto them, Be fruitful, and multitite for knowledge, his discovery and ply, and replenish the earth, and subpartial control of the laws of nature, due it: and have dominion over the fish

are convincing evidence of man's of the sea, and over the fowl of the supreme position among God's creations. air, and over every living thing that

Did any animal ever gaze into the moveth upon the earth."(Genesis 1:27heavens and wonder? 28.)

We are told that in the last one hunFrom this it is evident that from the dred and fifty years, there has been beginning, man had a unique status, an more truth accumulated, more knowlimage nature; and that there was asedge gained, than the sum total of all signed to him a participative role in

truth previously gathered. The fact that the great plan of redemption. The

man bas the genius to discover and parstatement, "created in the image of tially master the elemental forces of God,"was never made concerning any nature causes men to stand in awe and other of his vast creations. Only man is

ask againnil the ageold question, "What is in Sometimehis image:ago,onlya scepticalman is hisstudentson. was man.-'

That question was formulated by the heard to say that man is nothing but

Psalmist when he said: a fortuitous combination of molecules.

"When I consider thy heavens, the But his older and more modest teacher work of thy fingers, the moon and the replied by asking him, "Did any atom stars, which thou hast ordained; or molecule ever have a thought? Did

"What is man, that thou art mindful any combination of elements ever give

THE FIVE WORLDS visitestof him? him?and the son of man, that thou birthever buildto an aidea?cathedralDid anyor a naturaltemple?"law

"For thou hast made him a little Within the lifetime of some of us lower than the angels, and hast crowned there have come into use such marvels

Hugh B. Brown him with glory and honour. as automobiles, airplanes, wireless comof the Council of the Twelve "Thou madest him to have dominion munication; and later radio, television,

over the works of thy hands; thou hast radar, guided missiles, atomic power,

put all things under his feet. (Psalm etc. As we think of these things, and

My dear brethren and sisters, I with 8:3-6.) utilize them, scientists and scholars are

you esteem it is a great blessing to atOne wonders when he reads that, how turning their attention and their instrutend this wonderful conference, and the Psalmist might have framed his ments to a consideration of the greatest especially to listen to the profound and question if he had had the benefit of phenomenon, or, as President Clark hasinspiring opening address of our Presimodern facilities as he considered the said, God's greatest miracle—man.

dent. I should like to add my tribute to heavens. I am sure it would have tended We are indebted to an internationally

the Tabernacle Choir. It seems to me to deepen and confirm his faith in the famous scientist, Dr. Henry Eyring, for a

the choir reached new heights today. great Organizer of it all. learned discussion of man's world. He

I am sure you all join me, too, in But as we consider man's increasing said:

expressing thanks to the Lord for his knowledge and power, we must not for- "We are living in five different worlds, blessing to President Clark in that he get that power can be very dangerous. none of which have been fully explored.

was able to speak to us despite his physiGeneral Omar Bradley, former Chief They differ from each other in the size cal illness. We are thankful that there is of Staff, speaking to a graduating class of the units of space and time.

no diminution in his great intellect, his sometime ago, sounded this warning in "1. In our everyday practical world

wonderful spirit, or his powerful voice. the following words: we go along nicely with such units as

seconds. feet and monstrous the weapons man too, for "With what appreciation, express We

"2. of the chemical world of moleis In in danger has, humanity the already this afternoon by saidhas been

other Brethren. But all of it together being trapped in this world by its moral cules and atoms, the electrons complete

adds to my timidity and makes the adolescence. Our knowledge of science their revolutions in one hundred milnecessity of following such men a humhas clearly outstripped our capacity to lion millionths of a second, while one

bling experience indeed. control it. (We have too many men of hundred million atoms set side by side

As this Church continues to extend science; too few men of God.) We have extend only a distance of one inch.

its boundaries and increase its membergrasped the mystery of the atom and "3. Inside the nucleus of an atom we

ship, we receive an everincreasing rejected the Sermon on the Mount. Man enter a third world where events hapnumber of requests to explain and disis stumbling blindly through a spiritual pen a million times faster still and distinguish some of the tenets of Mordarkness while toying with the precaritances are a thousand times smaller

monism. ous secrets of life and death. The world than in the atom.

Perhaps the two most frequently has achieved brilliance without wisdom, "4. In the fourth world the astronquestioned concepts of the Church have power without conscience. Ours is a omers measure revolutions of planets in

to do with, first, our belief in a living, world of nuclear giants and ethical inyears and the unit of distance, the light personal God; and secondly, our unfants. We know more about war than year, in about ten thousand million

derstanding of man's unique position we know about peace; more about killmiles.

and part in his divine plan. It is ing than we know about living. This "5. Finally we come to the spiritual

necessary that one have faith in the is our 20th Century's claim to distincworld where time is measured in eternifirst before he can understand and accept tion and progress!"ties and space is limitless, thus in

the second of these tenets, namely, man's But the question, "What is man?"thought we can travel from almost inrelationship to Deity. If that relationwas answered long before the Psalmist finitesimally small to the infinitely

ship be real, then certainly man occuasked it. In the first chapter of our large."

pies not only a unique but a Godlike oldest book here, we read: As we consider the vastness of an

status, and it is to that I should like "So God created man in his own orderly universe governed by undeviating to direct your attention for a moment. image, in the image of God created he law, the majesty of the Organizer and

412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the preferred place of man, we are inMan, then, is a child of God, created trigued into a reevaluation of the meanin his image. He is destined to be free,

ing and purpose of life. and, though subject to death, his spirit

Is it likely, for instance, that the most will continue to live, will again become intelligent creatures in the universe are united with his body, and he will behere by chance? Is it possible that God come a living, immortal soul. "Whatis unaware of man's existence or unever principle of intelligence we attain

concerned about his fate? unto in this life, it will rise with us

Mormonism asserts on the authority in the resurrection."(Ibid., 130:18.)

of divine revelation that man is the While we have complete freedom to central figure of an integrated plan, and heed or disregard the promptings of the as Dr. Talmage has said, he is potenspirit or the teachings of the prophets,

tially greater and more precious than let us always remember that we must all the planets and the suns of space; abide the consequences of our choice.

for him they were created; they are

God's handiwork; man is his son. The "For each descent from fair truth's lofty

Lord said: way,

"... this is my work and my glory For each gross error which delays the

to bring to pass the immortality and soul, Monday Morning session, eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.) By that soul's gloom and loneliness we April 4, 1960

The injunction of Jesus, "Be ye therepay, fore perfect, even as your Father which And by the retarded journey to its goal."

is in heaven is perfect,"(Matt. 5:48)clearly envisions an eternity for its While we may draw near to him ETERNAL VALUES

achievement, for no mortal man can through intellectual contemplation of gain perfection during his brief sojourn his handiwork, it is more important upon the earth. that we seek spiritual communion, by Thorpe B. Isaacson

The Savior further stated, "... this which alone we may gain a testimony of the Presiding Bishopric

is life eternal, that they might know of him and of man's relationship to thee, the only true God, and Jesus him. This thought prompts the prayer:

Christ, whom thou hast sent."(John "Help me, O God to hold a high President McKay, President Clark,

17:3.) opinion of myself."President Moyle, my dear brothers and

If, then, we are, in fact, the sons of This inspired doctrine of man's relasisters:

God, and if it is life eternal to know tionship to Deity involves communicaThe beautiful song just rendered by him, all men should seek him, become tion between them, without which this wonderful choir entitled, "I Need familiar with his laws, and bring their intelligent cooperation is impossible. Thee Every Hour,"has struck a very

lives into harmony therewith. Continued revelation from our Heavenly responsive chord in my heart. I do need

The Apostle John caught the vision Father is a third unique doctrine of "thee"every hour, and I need "thee"of man's status and exclaimed, the restored Church. We humbly bear this hour. I stand before you this

"Beloved, now are we the sons of witness to the existence of a living, permorning very humble, fasting and

God, and it doth not yet appear what we sonal God, to man's sonship and prayerful, praying that God will sustain shall be: but we know that, when he heirship, and to continued revelation me in this responsibility.

shall appear, we shall be like him; for to the Church through constituted auIt was thirteen years ago at the April

we shall see him as he is."(1 John 3:2.) thority, for which we humbly thank conference when I had my first assignMan's spirit was with his Father in God, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. ment to speak in general conference,

the beginning; he was designed to be and every assignment since then has

free, and expected to gain wisdom and nearly overwhelmed me. I pray conintelligence in the exercise of his stantly that I may have your sympathy,

agency. His freedom is, next to life your patience, your understanding, and

itself, his most priceless possession. He above all, an interest in your faith and

has freedom to think, to explore, to disprayers.

cover, and to act. We encourage men Sometime ago as I was reading someto search for truth, to be unafraid of thing about Church history that this

new ideas which are and always have April conference is the golden anniverbeen steppingstones to progress. sary for President Joseph Fielding Smith

According to the holy scriptures, our—that is, at the April conference fifty

earth life was not accidental, it was years ago—half a century—President

not only planned and purposeful, but Joseph Fielding Smith was first sustained it was voluntary. When the Lord asked a member of the Quorum of the Twelve

Job where he was when the foundaApostles. Then as I looked a little

tions of the earth were laid, he clearly further, I found that it was fiftyfour indicated a preexistent state of man, years ago at the April conference when and asserted that all the sons of God President David O. McKay was sustained

shouted for joy, doubtless at the prospect a member of the Council of the Twelve earth life.of golden Apostles—fiftyfour years—golden men speak of ultimate and years for President When Smith and President

satisfying values, their concepts must McKay, but golden years also for the involve the relationship of the indiChurch.

vidual to others, to the universe, and I am sure we were all deeply impressed to God. Men must not be approached this morning by the stirring address of

as animals for they are intelligent President Henry D. Moyle. Saturday

images of a Divine Father. He has night the priesthood assembled received

said, "... the worth of souls is great in some counsel and challenges that I think

the sight of God."(D&C 18:10.) we can live up to. His optimism and

TUNE I960 413 his vigor in this assignment of directing with righteousness, did he come face to Marvin L. Hendricks of Indiana Central

the great Church missionary system face with the secret of her genius and College indicated that fiftyseven percent throughout the world is an example for power. had at one time or another cheated in

all of us to behold. He undertakes this "America is great because she is good, examinations. It was not so much the

assignment with great enthusiasm which and if America ever ceases to be good moral badness of these findings as it

I am confident is an inspiration to all America will cease to be great."was the general acceptance of a new

of us. I am sure he is a great blessing Recently a prominent man made some standard in which cheating was more or

and comfort to President McKay and very serious remarks regarding the softless acceptable. Students are part of a

President Clark, and therefore, a great ness and decay which is eating into the system in which the attainment of blessing and comfort to the entire moral fiber of the American people. He knowledge has become secondary to the

Church. stated that "unless we as a nation decompletion of prescribed courses. Only

As I listened to the opening address velop a greater responsibility and make thirteen percent of the students felt of President McKay Sunday morning, I some right decisions instead of doing cheating was wrong and less than was impressed by this quotation from what is expedient, we are in trouble, twenty percent felt any deep resentment the Doctrine and Covenants, 102:9: "The serious trouble."against cheaters.

president of the church, who is also the He emphasized our problem is not I could not help wondering what president of the council, is appointed by economic, it is not military, it is not would happen or how we as individuals revelation, and acknowledged in his adpolitical, but it is spiritual. There probwould feel knowing that we were to be

ministration by the voice of the church."ably is too much talk about rights and operated on for a serious illness by a

In Numbers 12:6, we read, "And he not enough talk about responsibility. doctor who might have cheated his way

said, Hear now my words: If there be a Individual responsibility both for the through medical school.

prophet among you, I the Lord will young and the old seems apparent and These facts emphasize strongly that make myself known unto him in a vibadly needed today. We have no right there is a great deal lacking in modern

sion, and will speak unto him in a passing individual responsibilities on to character. How can we as adults expect

dream."others. to mold character in our children if we

In Amos 3:7, we are told that, "Surely Reference has been made to scandals, are guilty of these indiscretions. Perhaps

the Lord God will do nothing, but he cheating, fake advertising, and misrepwe should spend more time teaching revealeth his secret unto his servants the resentation from radio and television. honesty. It has not changed. It never

prophets."Chiseling, deceit, falsifying, gossiping, will change. This is a basic human

Truly, the Lord does reveal himself and talebearing are not frowned upon value that should be taught with emphaconstantly to the prophet, the President today as they once were. sis.

of the Church. President David O. "The truth, the whole truth, and nothEach of us will need to strengthen his

McKay is a beloved prophet of God, a ing but the truth": Those are the familiar own home life and his family ties if

seer, and a revelator to this people, loved words of the legal oath used in the Enghe is to combat these changing standards not alone by the people of the Church, lishspeaking world. The whole truth in human behavior.

but by many in the world who are not seems to be the heart of the matter. King Hussein of Jordan is reported

members of the Church. Answering questions in truth and nothto have said: "I feel I have a responsi-

I would like to say a few words on a ing but the truth is one thing, but volbility, and there are two things that are subject that must be giving all of us unteering the whole truth when it has very important to me in life. First, one

considerable worry and concern, changnot been asked for is something else. is to be able to live with myself. Secother ond, the our our acing times. Sometimes thinking and values—changing

if I right, I drift into channels, unfortunate try myis thebest,beliefGod willthat ifalwaysI do with this quotations preface my remarks tion from the Prophet Mormon 9:9 in stunting our mental growth and neglectbe with me."

the Book of Mormon: "For do we not ing to discover our own strength. It is In a revelation to the Prophet Joseph

read that God is the same yesterday, with us as with the soils of the earth Smith, the Lord emphasized these truths:

today, and forever, and in him there is where sometimes there is a vein of gold "There is a law, irrevocably decreed in no variableness neither shadow of changof which the owner is not aware. If one heaven before the foundations of this

ing?"wishes to enjoy the luxury of spiritual world, upon which all blessings are

When we consider this, we must growth, social prestige, financial security, predicated realize that, since God himself is imhappiness, or peace of mind, begin pros- "And when we obtain any blessing mutable, so are the things that are a pecting today for that vein of gold from God, it is by obedience to that sure foundation for us to build upon. within you. law upon which it is predicated."(D&C

We must intelligently and continuously What has happened to integrity? Has 130:2021.)

in other great with that events take placeappraise the it been exiled and good Yes! changed? But Have times who

It pitfalls if principles? television today. wellthe world be would The for and changed them? well It may be

we could enjoy and accept the simple constant unfair advertising are only a to try sorting out the parts that needus and eternal truths. We must do our sample of the trend of the times. Perchanging and putting them back in

best to appreciate values that do not haps this is the first time in modern their proper light and place. Let us reIf history that misrepresentation season. every passing with has beenchange turn old to the of God principles—love intovalues bought it is because changed, and paid for and delivered have we of fellow and love men. Love, like

have changed them or because we have millions of our homes with scheduled eternal principles, is infinite. all

changed our attitudes toward them. regularity. Dishonesty is sometimes

Recently, one speaker prominent

It over, that is reported philosopher a that have and from glossed which we that constant scandals are "only to look desired foreign admiration has warned with sought country oncea upon come and is of disease a a eating that symptom deceitful. to great. out turnedto learn America be had what made

vitals into of the morality."American of Dr. rivers, irrigation, H. Richard Walters our Toronto reviewed ourHe

our commerce, but it was not there; University suggests that in North AmerWe are constantly confronted with

he examined the fertile fields and ica perhaps we have an "unexpressed tricks, gimmicks, superficial slogans, boundless prairies, but it was not there; code of behavior."Sometimes society and falsehoods. It may be the result

he viewed our rich mines, our industry, verbalizes one code but lives by another. of too much commercialism and the inand it was not there. Not until he When we have a conflict of standards, correct estimation of values.

traveled from one place to another many times the lower standards take A recent survey by one of our promithrough our country, saw the churches over. nent statisticians asked the public this

of America, and heard her pulpits ablaze A survey among college students by question: "How do you feel about tele414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

vision commercials—do you think they it and a divine peace came to abide to go forth upon the mighty deep."Acuse untruthful arguments, or not?"with you."cording to Washington Irving, ColumSixty-seven percent of those contacted If things have gone wrong, let neither bus, when he set foot on the island of

stated they felt that untruthful methods of us point an accusing finger against San Salvador, uttered the following and arguments were used. Some said the other. The one who is to blame is prayer, which has been translated from

that as a result of these situations, crime not at all important. Only how can we the Latin:

in the United States has increased five set the situation right—that is all that "O God, our Father, eternal and omtimes faster than our population in the matters, so that we can go on living nipotent, creator of heaven and earth

last few years. "The scales of justice happily as long as God shall give us and sea, we glorify Thy Holy name,

are getting out of balance."life. praise Thy majesty, whom we serve in

"The image of advertising must be I bear you my testimony that I know all humility, we give unto Thy Holy greatly improved if the American people that God is our Father; that he lives; protection this new part of the world."

are to have faith in it,"said Richard E. that he hears our prayers; that Jesus Plymouth Rock has long since become

Ryan, president of the Advertising AssoChrist is his Son, our beloved Savior the emblem of American freedom, that ciation of the West. He further stated and Redeemer. May we live so the Lord freedom born of a proper respect for the

that fewer than half believed fifty percan speak to us if he chooses to. We rights of all men and the recognition

cent or more of what they saw. "Ninety might ask ourselves: What is our relaof the permanency of religion. The

percent said they did not generally betion with our Holy Father? Could he Pilgrim Fathers were men of deep faith

lieve cigarette advertising,"and adverspeak to us and could we hear him? in the Providence of God. Their comtising of other items got the same May God bless us that we may draw ing to America over the uncharted deep

answer. Yet, he stated that some businearer to him each day of our lives, was an event ordered of God for the

ness concerns "shrug the problem off on I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. ultimate bringing in of his kingdom upthe basis of 'What's the difference.'Amen. on the earth. Many centuries before

So the question arises, "Are the Amerthe birth of the Savior, the Prophet ican people getting soft physically, Nephi wrote these words as he looked morally, and spiritually?"into the future:

Have values changed? No! "People "And it came to pass that I looked

have changed."Perhaps we as parents and beheld many waters; and they diand teachers should look to ourselves vided the Gentiles from the seed of my

for the change in values of today's livbrethren.

ing. Are we good examples? "And I looked and beheld a man

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., once among the Gentiles, who was separated

stated so appropriately: "... After all, from the seed of my brethren by the

all the things that we are asked to remany waters; and I beheld the Spirit

frain from are things which lower our of God, that it came down and wrought standards of joy, lower our standards of upon the man; and he went forth upon

life, lower our respect for humanity and the many waters, even unto the seed of humanity's respect for us, and leave us my brethren, who were in the promised debtors to the whole list of Christian land.

virtues.""And it came to pass that I beheld

Times have changed only because peothe Spirit of God, that it wrought upon

Gentiles; other they forth out and went eternalple have them. But changed

captivity, A LOOK AT HISTORY of waters. the upon manyvalues have not changed. Ethics and

honesty and morality have not changed. "And it came to pass that I Nephi

Gentiles that beheld the gone had whoIt that attitudes of be the the people may President Levi Edgar Young forth of did captivity out themhumble standards,have those toward changed First President the the Council of of selves before the Lord."13:10, (1 Nephi these values remainbut unchangeable. Seventy12-13, 16.)

is It gratifying encouraging, and howIt divine that the guidance was by still toever, that are there know many Fathers Pilgrim to America and came greatpeople place a value on who civilizaof President institutions Clark, President the here planted McKay, ethics for honesty; instance, and one tion. President and the Moyle, brethren they Mayflower By and Compact my

star television rerecentlyprominent sisters: republic, established the highest a form

if act asfused to he a were smoking political this of are beautiful to institution here to day man. known Wecertain cigarets of as advertisebrand an a worship our Father republic to Such and Jesus God was unknown up

sindid not because smoke. hement He I their Christ this our time, that everyRedeemer. the only and land know was

it feltcerely to dishonest lead be would this feeling this will listen a of has one nation possible. and to where kind was

tothe public believe that smoking was he of his the servants until continent words with This joy been and had unknown did smoke. not hewhen thanksgiving. are right rightly the so trained, could There men, many

He further refused to read commercial phases of history that we love to study build their homes in the wilderness and copy which indicated that he used a and think about. During the past year, hold the ground for a purpose larger

certain product if he did not use it. I have studied the life of Christopher than they knew. These Christians had

That is true honesty and ethics. Columbus. Historians tell us that in mind a new city of God in the wilderIt is important how we feel in our Columbus felt that beyond the western ness, and they made the fish the emblem

own heart, and we should all try to be sea, land could be found. In the hisof their commonwealth, which has from

free from hard feelings, faultfinding, torical writings of the Italian scholar old been the symbol of Christian humiland backbiting. If we have been hurt Padre Clementis he conserved a form ity.

or offended, it might be well if we would of prayer said to have been used by Pastor John Robinson was one of try to forget it. One good writer states, Columbus on Friday morning, October the most prominent of the Pilgrim

"In the very depth of your soul dig a 12, as he stepped on the land of the Fathers, yet he never set foot upon Amersmall grave, and there, in the eternal New World. ican soil. The little group that left

silence bury the wrongs which you may Columbus declared in one of his letLeyden, Holland, in 1620, received his think you have suffered. Your heart ters to the king and queen of Spain that blessing, and, in his parting words to

will feel as if a load had fallen from he was the "agent in the hand of God them, he said:

JUNE I960 415 "Brethren, we are now quickly to part a Baptist, or a Latterday Saint or 'Morand commit all manner of abominations, from one another, and whether I may mon,'or a Campbellite, or a Catholic, he shall have no place in our midst, for ever live to see your faces on earth any or Episcopalian, or Mohametan, or even we have long sought to find a people more, the God of heaven only knows: pagan, or any thing else, if he will bow that will work righteousness, that will

but whether the Lord hath appointed the knee and with his tongue confess distribute justice equally, that will that or not, I charge you before God that Jesus is the Christ, and will support acknowledge God in all their ways, that and his blessed angels that you follow good and wholesome laws for the reguwill regard those sacred laws and me no farther than you have seen me lation of society, we hail him as a ordinances which are recorded in that follow the Lord Jesus Christ. If God brother, and will stand by him while sacred book called the Bible, which we

reveals anything to you, by any other he stands by us in these things; for every verily believe, and which we proclaim

instrument of His, be as ready to receive man's religious faith is a matter between to the ends of the earth."

it, as ever you were to receive truth, his own soul and his God alone; but if In conclusion, I have a word or two

by my ministry; for I am fully perhe shall deny the Jesus, if he shall curse concerning one of my devoted friends.

suaded, / am very confident, that the God, if he shall indulge in debauchery The head of the Catholic Church in

Lord has more truth yet to break forth and drunkenness, and crime; if he shall Utah, Bishop Duane G. Hunt, passed

out of his holy word. For my part, I lie, and swear, and steal; if he shall away the other day. He was one of

cannot sufficiently bewail the condition take the name of the Great God in vain, the finest men, and it is only within a of the reformed churches, who are come to a period in religion, and will go at present no farther than the instruments of the reformation."

That is why we are thankful that we have been blessed with a knowledge that the gospel was restored through the Prophet Joseph Smith, and that is our testimony. The reason why I am THE VALLEY OF PROMISE

speaking of it as I do, is because there in this conof peopleare a number ofgregation the by Franklin S. LaRocco not members who are

Church.

Thousands of people have accepted the gospel, and we believe in the purity Bleak, desolated land that I have led my people to.

gospelof of the teachings the of Jesus Oh, Lord! Is this that promised land where we

It else. asChrist is a wondernobody

ful thing. might build anew

for the the time came When Saints A kingdom unto thee? they westward,to headed came move

by a prophet of God. They settled in

this valley. It was a valley of sageSwiftly the winds blow hot across the barren

brush, very dry in the summertime, cold in winter. They came in the year 1847, desert sand.

there all the time, then on,and from Oh, Lord! Dost thou think we can build in

Saints of Latterday onwere companies the plains, coming to Utah, coming in this forsaken land in thensmall and numbers larger A kingdom unto thee? settled, territory until thegroups, was

and Utah as a state was founded.

A wonderful thought was expressed by My people weary and reflect on loved ones

President Brigham Young in the First

General Epistle to the people at the close buried 'neath the sand.

of 1847. It indicated the great love Their strong faith wanes as they behold this...

and respect that he and the Latterday

Saints had for all people. this wilderness... this "promised land."

Saints; then, come, ye "Come, then, A kingdom unto thee? of the earth; come, honorableye men

then, ye wise, ye learned, ye rich, ye noble, according to the riches, and wisRemove the veil before their eyes. In vision

dom, and knowledge of the great

Jehovah; from all nations, and kindreds, let them see

and kingdoms, and tongues, and people, The desert blooming as the rose that thou and dialects on the face of the whole earth, and join the standard of Emhast shown to me.

to build us up the helpmanuel, and establish the Thy kingdom let them see. of and God,Kingdom

principles of truth, life, and salvation, and you shall receive your reward In prayer they kneel and then arising see among the sanctified, when the Lord

Jesus Christ cometh to make up his no longer sand jewels; and no power on earth or in But waving grain, cool streams, tall trees

hell can prevail against you.

"The Kingdom of God consists in At last! "The Promised Land!"

correct principles; and it mattereth not Sing praises unto thee.

what a man's religious faith is; whether

he be a Presbyterian, or a Methodist, or Sing praises unto thee.

416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA year when Bishop Hunt said to a visitor, many ways, too many to be enumerated, blessings of Israel, or the line of Israel "One thing I do know. The Mormon and among these blessings we have the through which the blessings shall come.

Church has been gracious and kind to privilege of having patriarchs pronounce The blessings of Israel are leadership every soul that lives. The people have blessings upon us. People ask often, blessings, and leadership blessings are

gone forth giving and bearing their what I do in the Church, or, what does the blessings of the priesthood. This is

testimony that God lives and has re- a patriarch do. The Lord says that the main difference between patriarchal

stored the gospel."evangelists are patriarchs. The name blessings and blessings given by others.

May we all come to the faith that "patriarch"divided into two syllables, I have had many faithpromoting exhas been this morning told us by the explains itself. "Patri"means "father,"periences in declaring lineage. The

speakers and will be told us by the and "arch"means "chief,"so "patriarch"majority of the people who come to me speakers today and Wednesday. Let is a "chief father."for blessings are people whom I do not

us grow because in that growth is our We have two types of fathers in the know. I know nothing about their genesalvation, our joy of living, and we Church—those who are natural fathers, alogy or their family background. Howcertainly find what life means. or the head of their households, and we ever, a patriarchal blessing, in declaring

God bless us all through the holy have those who are fathers as an orlineage, does not always need to declare purposes, the priesthood of God, I ask in dained position in the priesthood. So genealogy—it is not a short cut to genein his name. Amen. an ordained father, or an ordained alogy. It is the blessings that are depatriarch, is a priesthood office, which clared. Genealogy and genetics may

gives him the right to perform such have the effect in assisting their patrithings as patriarchal blessings in blessarchs, but we are mixtures. Many of us

ing the members of the Church. are mixtures of several tribes of Israel,

Every holder of the priesthood who is and so it is the right of the patriarch to head of a family, has the right to bless declare that line through which the members of his own family. However, the blessings shall come.

it is not priesthood order for him to Elder John A. Widtsoe has stated the

declare the blessings of the lineage of following:

Israel. This is the specific responsibility "These blessings are possibilities prediof an ordained patriarch. For that reacated upon faithful devotion to the cause

son, among others, we go to ordained of truth. They must be earned, otherpatriarchs to receive those blessings. wise they are but empty words. Indeed

We have in the Church approximately they rise to their highest value when four hundred such patriarchs, ordained used as ideals, specific possibilities toto give patriarchal blessings. We have ward which we may strive throughout

a representative group of them here with, life. To look upon a patriarch as a

us today. These men are noble and fortuneteller is an offense to the priesthumble, worthy men, especially orhood. The patriarch only indicates the

dained priesthood officers, whom the gifts the Lord would give us, if we labor

Lord has placed in his Church to serve for them. He helps us by pointing out

you in giving you patriarchal blessings. the divine goal which we may enjoy

It is most desirable that they do not if we pay the price."(The Improvement

come to you to give you a blessing and Era 45:33.)

It is you. desirable that patriarchs the fact more are not fortunego that youYOUR PATRIARCHAL announce that they have a blessing for I am glad Brother Widtsoe mentioned to them. tellers availfarthest They that is the themselves because make

is able. at least the There patriarch in one blessings are from BLESSING thing truth—patriarchal of stake all Zion, each fortunetelling. so that not the membership of the Church has the opportuIf you can discover the keynote in

Eldred G. Smith nity of receiving such blessings. Those your blessing, it will be an index to

Patriarch to the Church who live in the mission field, where point the way of life for you, or the there are no ordained patriarchs, have path that you should go to serve God.

the privilege of coming to the stakes and These blessings are an eternal anchor

I am very grateful for the many blessreceiving blessings from stake patriarchs, for our soul with the Lord. They are

ings that have been mine. I am thankor they may come to my office. And just as eternal and binding upon us,

ful for the prayer that was offered at that is the primary work that I do through our faithfulness, as were the the beginning of this session and pray give blessings to those from the mission blessings given by Adam, Abraham, that I shall receive my part of its fulfield who come to me. Jacob, or any other patriarch of past

filment, that the Lord will guide me Many people have asked why we do times. Because of their eternal nature

in what I say. not have patriarchs in the mission field. the Lord has required that they be

I have been very grateful for the I guess the only good reason is the same recorded so that we have a record of heritage that I have, for the blessings reason we do not have bishops. Bishops them in the archives of the Church, and

and the experiences that have been given and patriarchs are officers of a stake each individual is given a copy of his to me through my childhood and my organization and as there are enough blessing so that he might have it availyouth, in fulfilling the various offices members in an area to organize a stake, able for himself. We encourage and

in the priesthood from deacon, teacher, then they are entitled to a stake organrecommend that members of the Church priest, elder, seventy, high priest, and ization. As that organization grows receive only one patriarchal blessing,

bishop, and the privilege of filling a sufficiently, there is usually a patriarch which blessing is recorded as an eternal mission and the other offices that I have ordained in that stake. record.

held, which have been for my training Then the question comes, what is a Now, if we are going to receive only and preparation. And now, as Patripatriarchal blessing? It is different one blessing, then it is important that

arch to the Church, I am indeed gratefrom any other blessing one might rewe get that blessing at a proper time in ful for the privilege of fulfilling this ceive. The first requirement and that our life. The question often comes to

position and pray the Lord shall ever which makes it primarily different from me, at what age should my children help me so to do. other blessings, is that the ordained receive their patriarchal blessings? I

We as a people are greatly blessed in patriarch has the right to declare the discourage anyone under twelve years

JUNE I960 417 of age. If I were a stake patriarch and curse, but also more especially for his

giving blessings to people in my comfather who had set it in motion. But

munity, I think I would raise that age. Theseus was not the first to possess this

I think the best age is between fifteen power to curse, nor is he the only one and twentyfive. However, every bapwho has turned it against his own son.

tized member of the Church is entitled Ten centuries before Theseus was to receive a patriarchal blessing. He born, God gave ancient Israel their law

should be old enough to understand the from the top of Mt. Sinai, and out of

meaning and purpose and value of a the lightnings and thunders of that patriarchal blessing to the extent that holy mountain came the divine warning he has a personal desire to receive such that "... the sins of the fathers shall

a blessing, and not because a group is be visited upon the children."(See Exogetting blessings, or because friends or dus 20:5.) The most effective way to

neighbors are getting blessings, or beset a curse in operation against one's cause an adult or parent has the desire own son is to develop the cause of the that the child should receive a blessing. curse in his own life. And then as our

Do not wait until you are troubled children play with us this interesting and then go to the Lord through his game of "Follow the Leader,"it will holy servants. The Lord does not innot be long before the curse will begin

tend to solve our problems for us. He to appear in their lives—that is, the

gives us special problems for our good, power to lead, possessed by every parent, to teach us to make decisions, because is also the power to mislead. The power

through making those decisions and to mislead is the power to destroy; it

through those trials we have the privilege is the power to cause eternal suffering.

of growing, and the Lord does not inIt is a little bit startling to realize us. this privilege tragedy father that take that totend from is being son and THE VIRTUES OF real life in in blessings for grateful enacted of our many own the many I amof the Lord that have been given to me THE FATHERS homes. Let me give you a more upto-

and pray that the membership of this date Theseus and Hippolytus story.

Church will avail themselves of the A friend of mine recently called me opportunities which are theirs to receive Sterling W. Sill on the telephone and told me that his

patriarchal blessings. I am thankful Assistant to the Council of the Twelve young son had the habit of coming home

for the testimony of the divinity of the from Sunday School each week and disgospel which has been given to me, that cussing his Sunday School lesson with

I know that God lives, that he is truly In the year 428 B.C. a play was being his father. Sometimes the father was

our Father in heaven. I am grateful presented in the ancient city of Athens unable to handle the situation adequatefor the knowledge I have that Jesus is entitled Hippolytus. This was a Greek ly, and it became necessary for him to

the Christ, the son of the Living God, tragedy written by Euripides. It was get outside help. And on this particular

and that Joseph Smith is truly a prophcentered around Theseus, the old king occasion he asked me if I would help et of God, and through him, this gospel of Athens and his son Hippolytus. him with the right information. We

of Jesus Christ has been restored on the Theseus had received from his father, discussed the idea at some length and earth in these the last days, in the fulPoseidon, the Greek god of the sea, noted the scriptural references that were ness of times, never to be taken from three gifts in the form of three curses. applicable.

the earth again. These curses not only had the power But I suggested to my friend that he

I pray the Lord's blessings upon the of temporal destruction, but they would could not solve this problem with just leadership of the Church, for I know also continue throughout eternity to one answer. It would be impossible to

that our present leader, President David punish anyone against whom they were keep his son content for very long with

O. McKay, is just as much a prophet of invoked. the answers that the father got from

God as any previous leader we have The first of these curses was directed someone else. The son would want the

ever had. I pray the Lord's blessings by Theseus against his own son, Hipfather to know the answers for himself.

upon all the leaders that they may have polytus. Hippolytus had done no wrong Before the son was very much older he

strength and health to continue to serve but Theseus had been deceived and did would also discover that his father did the Lord with us as long as he will not discover his error until Hippolytus not go to Sunday School, and he would permit them to be here. was on his deathbed. And while want to know why. At Sunday School

I pray for these blessings on the leadTheseus had the power to invoke the they would teach the son that some of ers of the Church and the membership curse he did not have the power to set the things that the father was doing of this Church, thanking him for the it aside once it was in operation. And were contrary to the commandments of

blessings which have been given to me, so as the father sat by the bedside of God. Then this fine young son would

and the testimony which I have, and his dying son he said through his tears, be forced to make some decisions of his

I do it in the name of Jesus Christ. "I weep for your good heart, your true own. Should he follow his father or

Amen. and upright mind. The gods have should he follow the Church? The

cheated me of my good sense."And as father is the one who provides him with

Hippolytus lay their contemplating his food and his clothing and his love.

eternity, he said to his father, "'Twas He is the one who takes him on picnics a bitter gift your sire gave."And then and provides for his general welfare.

The first time I read an excellent just before he died he pointed out that It would be pretty difficult for the book, it is to me just as if I had he could already see the gates of hell Church to win against that kind of difficult it is pretty competition. which he would suffer And his owngained a new friend; when I read beyond

is set father's eternity. to get the curse stopped curse throughout once it

before, perusedover have a book I it with the meeting resembles an playIf wein ancienthad beenAthens,witnessingwe wouldthis tragicprobincouldmotion.see theIf endthis ofsplendidhis lifeyoungfrom sonits

old one. ably have joined our tears with the beginning, he might say to his father

—Oliver Goldsmith, Citizen of others not only in feeling sorry for as did Hippolytus, that he could althe World, Letter 83. Hippolytus, the victim of this dread ready see the gates of hell beyond which

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA he would suffer eternally for his father's statistician could determine how many the success formulas when he said bad example. This situation furnishes of these important agreements we have simply, "Come follow me."And every

us with a little different setting for the made and how our personal performance life must eventually be judged by how statement of Jesus that "... a man's foes percentage compared with the Russians? well we follow that one instruction. We

shall be they of his own household."We should remember that any disalso reach our highest rank while serv-

(Matt. 10:36.) obedience to God or any other offenses ing as an example for others, particuWe are greatly disturbed whenever that we pick up in our own lives are larly our children. It has been said that

evil is brought upon one person by soon transmitted to others, particularly the first question that God will ask someone else; for example we were upour children. That is, the power of every parent is, "Where are your chilset when Russia closed her church doors example is the greatest power in the dren?"Our responsibility is not just

by governmental decree. Russian leadworld. That is the way we learn to walk. to be mothers and fathers of bodies.

ers are presently trying to terminate That is the way we learn to talk. That We are also appointed to be mothers

any personal relationship which otheris why we speak with the accent we do. and fathers of blessings.

wise might exist between God and the That is how we learn to dress ourWhen Alexander the Great was twelve people of Russia. But what Russia has selves. That is why we have our hair years old his father, Philip, arranged

done officially, many of us are doing cut and our clothing tailored the way to have Aristotle, the great Macedonian individually. That is, what good does we do. orator and philosopher, become his

it do if our churches are open if we I suppose that if I had seen you eat companion and tutor. Later Alexander

are not in them? Or, how much better your breakfast this morning I would said that Aristotle was his father. What

off are we than the Russians if we do have discovered that most of you ate he meant was that while he had received not manifest our faith by our works. with a fork in your right hand. But I his body from Philip, Aristotle was the

The chief representative of the great discovered the other day that in certain father of his mind. If you would like

communist state which is disputing our parts of Canada the people eat with the to take back to your work one of the most way of life was recently invited to be fork in their left hand. I suppose the challenging thoughts that I know anyour guest in this country. And as he reason is that they have seen somebody thing about, that is it. That is, physical

went about among us, he talked of else do it that way. Probably if we paternity by itself is an ordinary office,

"burying"us and our way of life. He had been born in China we may not that is something that is participated

talked about competing with us in the have eaten with a fork at all. in by all of creation from the top to the

manufacture of guided missiles, interThe other day I attended a meeting bottom. But what about mental

continental rockets, and other instruduring which someone on the platform paternity and spiritual paternity? Who

ments of destruction. He said nothing yawned. Then I watched that yawn go are the fathers of our ideals, and what

about competing with us in freedom or all over the audience. The people who kind of fathers do we have for our

human dignity. He said nothing about were yawning in the audience were not children's spirituality?

competing with us in the individual even aware of why they were yawning. Some of those being taught by Jesus

welfare of people. And I thought what Unconsciously they were following the kept saying, "We have Abraham to our

a stimulating thing it would be if the example of someone else. That is also father."Jesus said to them, "God is

great nations were vigorously competing the way we get many of our manners, able of these stones to< raise up children with one another for leadership in faith our morals, and our attitudes. unto Abraham."(Matt. 3:9.) Jesus

in God and the individual righteousness Thomas Carlyle said, "We reform said, "Ye are of your father the devil, of people. others when we walk uprightly."And and the lusts of your father ye will do."

In 1958 The U.S. News & World it is just as true that we destroy others (John 8:44.) We ought to exercise the

Report carried an interesting headline: when we walk unrighteously. Even greatest care about our own spiritual

"What 22 Years of U.S.-Soviet Talks Jesus said, "The son can do nothing of paternity.

Have Produced."The article pointed himself but what he seeth the Father Fortunately the lesson from Sinai did

out that during this period 3400 meetings do."(John 5:19.) Our children will not end with the decree that "... the

had been held between high diplomatic also do what they see us do. They may sins of the fathers shall be visited upon

representatives of the United States and not follow our advice, but they will the children."(Ex. 20:5.) It is also

the Soviet Union. During this time follow us. true that the virtues of the fathers are

they had made fiftytwo major agreeOne of the important functions in the visited upon the children. Theseus rements, fifty of which had already been life of Jesus was to serve as a pattern ceived from his father, Poseidon, three

broken by the Russians. for us. He gave us the greatest of all great curses. You have received from

Fortunately for us our eternal exaltayour Father in heaven some great blesstion does not depend upon whether ings which you may direct as you

Russia keeps or breaks her international choose.

agreements. But we might ask ourNancy Hanks directed one of her

selves if our upsurge in juvenile crime blessings toward her son Abraham Linand delinquency is a satisfactory result coln. And later in his life he said,

of what twentytwo years of dealing "All that I am or ever hope to be I owe with our own children and with God to my angel mother."Jesus conferred

have produced. During the past twentyone of his blessings upon Simon Peter

two years we have also attended many and raised the life of this humble fishermeetings. We have made many major man to one of great spiritual power.

agreements with each other and with We may confer as many blessings as

God. Some of these agreements have we like, on whomever we like, by the inbeen made at the waters of baptism; spiration of our own lives. We speak

others have been made as we have re- a great deal in the Church about our ceived and been advanced in the right to receive inspiration from God, priesthood. We have made some imand that is a tremendous blessing. But

portant agreements at the marriage the thing we don't always understand altar. And each week we meet before is our right to give inspiration. Yet if

there witness unto should of table and Sacramentthe be subtracted from each alnTriiiiwni.il 'im.—>-*. - that us theour Heavenly Father good that we will from we have received

ways keep his commandments. Wouldn't someone else, there might not be very

it be interesting if some impartial much of any of us left.

JUNE I960 419 Some time ago I listened to a great of converts are in prospect in that farSunday School teacher recount the thrilloff country.

ing story of creation. "So God created We are taking the Church to the peoman in his own image."(Gen. 1:27.) ple in the faraway lands. I remember

And as I listened to this story unfold, I the words of President McKay, as the closed my eyes and wished that I could New Zealand Stake was planned, that have been there to have seen this great transportation has brought the far places event take place. Then I remembered of the world close to us. Added to that

something that I have tried not to forget, are the improved communications that and that is that the creation of man is permit us almost instantaneously to talk not something that was finished and to the Saints in the far areas of the done with in the Garden of Eden 6,000 earth. The Church is being taken closer

years ago. The creation of man is still to the people because now all the helps

going on, and we are the creators; that of the auxiliary organizations and the

is, we are creating the faith and the visits of General Authorities will be at enthusiasm and the attitudes which will their disposal, and in turn this will determine what men and women will be bring the Saints of these faraway lands throughout all of eternity. closer to the Church. Truly it is a great

As parents we have helped to create blessing to the people to have a stake bodies, but that is not the end of our and all the blessings that are associated responsibility. We must also create inwith stake organization.

dividual righteousness. Dr. Alan Stock- I thought by way of a report of our

dale has called our attention to an work in Australia I should make this interesting challenge by saying, "God left rather brief statement. And new in the

a world unfinished for man to work his Monday Afternoon session, short time remaining, I desire, my brothskill upon. He left the electricity still April 4, 1960 ers and sisters, to challenge each of you

in the cloud, the oil still in the earth. to have faith in God; know that he lives,

He left the rivers unbridged and the that he is the Father of our spirits, that forests unfelled and the cities unbuilt. we are created in the image of his PerGod gave to man the challenge of raw HAVE FAITH... son, that we possess like traits, qualities,

materials, not the ease of finished things. and powers, that we are in very deed

He left the problems unsolved and the his children, that he loves us and has pictures unpainted and the music unDelbert L. Stapley made glorious preparation in his many

sung that man might know the joys and of the Council of the Twelve mansions for our eternal wellbeing.

glories of creation. God created the Have faith in life and its purpose;

quarries, but he carves the statues only know that God has provided and planned by the hand of man."Jn Hawaii, a speaker would address it for our joy and happiness. Live each

God has also left the world of men the people, "Aloha nui loa"And in day wisely and fruitfully.

unfinished. He has left the character Australia in an afternoon meeting such Have faith in Christ, our Lord, as

unformed, the lessons unlearned, the as this, the speaker would address the the Son of God, the Only Begotten of testimonies unacquired, and the deterpeople, "Good afternoon, brothers and the Father in the flesh, who is full of mination undeveloped. Then as a sisters."I extend both greetings to you grace and truth.

means of our accomplishment he has this afternoon. Have faith that he is the Babe of

given us this basic, fundamental uniElder Marion G. Romney and I reBethlehem, as chronicled by gospel

versal law which says, "We reap as we turned last week from Australia where writers.

sow."But that is only a part of the we were privileged to organize the first Have faith that Jesus is the Author of

fact. Mostly we reap as others have stake in that growing country—the Sydpeace and salvation to the people of the

sown for us. We reap as our parents ney Stake, which became the 293rd stake world.

have sown. We reap as our teachers in the Church. Australia was the Have faith in his gospel plan of salvahave sown. And one of the most thrilladopted country of my greatgrandfather, tion, exaltation, and glory.

ing ideas in the world is that our chilCharles Stapley, who, with his family Have faith in his matchless love in dren will reap as we sow. This is a (which included my grandfather) emigiving his life as an atoning sacrifice

part of the divine law "that the virtues grated there from England in the year to ransom the souls of men from the of the fathers shall be visited upon the 1838. They were among the first congrave.

children."verts after the Australian Mission was Have faith that he is our Redeemer,

Each of us has been given a set of established, which mission was estabSavior, and God; that there is no other

the most wonderful blessings, which we lished on October 30, in the year 1851. name under heaven given among men

may confer upon whomever we choose. With this background of family history, whereby we must be saved.

May God help us to use this great eternal I am most grateful to the First PresiHave faith in his earthly ministry power effectively which he has placed dency for the assignment with Elder and divine teachings which lead to joy in our hands, I pray in the name of Romney, a former Australian missionary, and happiness in life.

Jesus Christ. Amen. to give Australia its first stake. Have faith in his resurrection and

organization Stake will a great be to glory ascension sits and that he now to blessing Saints there, the adding the right preson Father. the hand of God

tige to the a tremendous Church, and faith that his resurrection Have by he proselyting to the upsurge work. The

of broke the death, resurbands that and Saints for are thrilled the and happy everyloves that has reading He rection of the all applies to body manincreased stake blessings organization his reach.thing but within has He kind. will provide the love them. They Church desire, possess himselfto he and may faith in First this of the Vision Have gospel the very are and much. They

to species every judge wisdom ofof dispensation, just treated President by testifaith, of strong devoted people a and power to perform. mony, and good works. The future of Joseph Fielding Smith.

—William Godwin, Enquirer: the Church there is most promising. Have faith that God the Father and

Early Taste for Reading It is a fruitful field, and a rich harvest his Son, Jesus Christ, personally ap420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA peared to the boy Joseph Smith and reme above all people: for all the earth

vealed themselves to him. is mine:

Have faith in Joseph Smith as a true "And ye shall be unto me a kingdom

Prophet of God, called to usher in this, of priests, and an holy nation."(Exodus

the Dispensation of the Fulness of 19:5-6.)

Times. But Israel as a nation became wicked

Have faith in the Church and kingdom and rebellious and thus were not worthy of God established by our Lord through to receive this blessing. While Moses

Joseph Smith. was upon the mount for forty days reHave faith in the restored gospel of ceiving the law from the Lord, Israel was

Christ as revealed anew to the Prophet guilty of backsliding, returning to the

Joseph Smith. worship of idols. When Moses returned

Have faith in continued revelation. and beheld them worshiping the golden

Have faith in all that God has revealed. calf, he in his anger threw down the

Have faith that he will yetjveal many tablets of stone, breaking them into great and important things concerning pieces. The Lord later called Moses to

his work and kingdom. return to the mount, instructing him to

Have faith in priesthood authority, hew out other tablets of stone upon knowing that the Lord has said, "For he which he would write with his finger, that receiveth my servants, receiveth but from the inspired version of the me."(D&C 84:36.) Bible, as given to us by the Prophet

Have faith in the power of God and Joseph Smith, the Lord indicated there the gift of healing and miracles. would be changes from what he had

Have faith in the Bible as the word originally written because of Israel's of God, as far as it is translated corforgetting their God. (Inspired Version.

rectly. Exodus 34:1-2.) About this time the Have faith in the Book of Mormon and AN HOLY NATION higher priesthood was taken from Israel

its inspiring message of truth and faith. as a nation, and a carnal or lesser law

Have faith in the Doctrine and Covewas given as punishment for their nants and in its doctrines and teachCarl W. Buehner disobedience.

ings which apply to our day and time. of the Presiding Bishopric The Lord then commanded Moses to

Have faith in the Pearl of Great appoint and ordain Aaron and his sons,

Price and its valuable information and Nadab, Abihu, Eleazer, and Ithamar to teachingsGod—Abraham,by twothe chosenfather ofprophetsthe faithof zine Recently,a cartoonI sawdepictingin a nationala mastermagaof receive28:1.) theAaronlesserand priesthood.his sons were(Exodusset

ful, and Moses, the great lawgiver. ceremonies introducing the next person apart to preside over the lesser priestHave faith in your heritage as deto take part on the program, and under hood, and this assignment became an

scendants of Abraham, that you belong the cartoon were these words: "Our next inherited privilege to them and their

to the house of Israel and are children speaker will need all the introduction posterity forever. (Ibid., 28:43.) Nadab

and heirs of promise. he can get."Now, brethren and sisters, and Abihu soon forfeited this inheritance

Have faith in our beloved President, I need all the help from above that I by usurping authority and were stricken

David O. McKay, who is not only the can get. dead before the congregation at the

President of the Church, but is also We have all been tremendously imaltar. Since they had no sons, there

prophet, seer, and revel ator to the pressed by the spirit present in these was no extension of this privilege to

Church and the world today. conference sessions, also by the inspiring another generation in their families.

Have faith to pray for and sustain him and uplifting talks of the Brethren. Until the ordination of Aaron and his

in his high calling and position. I was moved when I learned that sons, the first born male in each family

Have faith to be humble and believe President McKay has given fiftyfour of each tribe was considered as belonging and not doubt. years of valiant service in the leading to God and was thus ordained, but now

Have faith to receive and obey the councils of the Church and that Presithe Lord called all the males of the truths, principles, and ordinances of the dent Joseph Fielding Smith has rendered tribe of Levi to assist Aaron and his gospel of Christ. fifty years of service as a member of the sons in this priestly office. (Numbers

Have faith to set aside your own Council of the Twelve. Others have 8:1319.) It was the duty of Aaron and

views and personal desires to do God's also given many years to the work of his sons to preside, but the Levites were will with confidence and good works. our Heavenly Father. I would like to limited in their duties to perform the

Have faith in the value of service submit meekly that this is my eighth ordinance of baptism, assisting in the and be willing to devote your time, anniversary as a member of the Presidoffering of sacrifice and other duties talents, and gifts to the building of the ing Bishopric of the Church. This has coming under the lesser or carnal law.

kingdom and to the blessing of people. been a very rewarding experience and In addition they were assigned to care

life. blessing a great in for the setting dismantling of my and up faith to true, honest, chaste, be Have

the with work Our Aaronic Priesthood as tabernacle the they in about movedbenevolent, virtuous, in doing and good has to prompted say it something conthe wilderness me to order. keep in andto all men. cerning origin history the of and returned the Moses from this When mount

faith will that bless Have God and priesthood ages. through the Israel and found the worshiping golden

reward the faithful who love him and We first came to know of the Aaronic calf, it is rather significant to note that serve him in righteousness and in truth Priesthood at the time Moses was leadhe stood at the gate of the camp and unto the end. ing the children of Israel out of Egyptian indicated that all those who were on

Have faith, my brothers and sisters, bondage. The Lord intended to have the Lord's side should come to him.

to do these things, walking always in Israel as a nation enjoy the blessings of "... and all the sons of Levi gathered

obedience to the commandments, doing the Melchizedek Priesthood. He made themselves together unto him."(Exodus

those things that will please the Lord the following promise to them: 32:26.)

and lead you back into his presence, I "Now therefore, if ye will obey my The Aaronic Priesthood embraces the humbly pray in the name of Jesus Christ. voice indeed, and keep my covenant, Aaronic and Levitical Priesthood. While

Amen. then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto Aaron and his sons were Levites, they

JUNE I960 421 presided in the Aaronic Priesthood, and tion the divine nature of John's misPriesthood and the keys to this sacred the Levites who were not the sons of sion: power. His life and mission should be

Aaron, held the Levitical Priesthood "For he was baptized while he was an inspiration to every bearer of the and served in a lesser capacity than did yet in his childhood, and was ordained Aaronic Priesthood.

the sons of Aaron. The Aaronic Priestby the angel of God at the time he was It is the hope of the Presiding Bishophood continued to function in this pateight days old unto this power, to overric that not only each member of the

tern until near the time of the birth of throw the kingdom of the Jews, and to Aaronic Priesthood but also each memthe Savior. The Jews at this time had make straight the way of the Lord beber of the Church will come to realize

drifted into almost total apostasy. No fore the face of his people, to prepare the greatness of Aaron, his sons, and

longer were the lineal descendants of them for the coming of the Lord, in their posterity, and John the Baptist, as

Aaron permitted to preside in the temwhose hand is given all power."(D&C men who have made a great contribuple. The presiding high priest was 84:28.) tion to the kingdom in their day.

appointed by Herod the king and someJohn faithfully prepared the way for Because the Aaronic Priesthood has times by Roman authority, according to Jesus'mission. He was instrumental been designated as the Lesser Priesthood

personal desire, and they were deposed in overthrowing the kingdom of the does not lessen or diminish its sacredin the same manner. A good example Jews. While the decline of Judah as ness. It is still the power of God. Its

of their method of operation comes from a nation began long before John's birth, method of operation has been comZach arias who was a descendant of it was further weakened during his minpletely transformed in our day. From

Aaron entitled to serve as the presiding istry, and within three decades after his the time of its institution in the days high priest. While he was permitted to death it was no more. He stands with of Aaron and throughout the days of

officiate in the temple, it was not in a Adam, Enoch, Noah, Abraham, Moses, the primitive church in the Meridian presiding capacity. John the Baptist and Joseph Smith as trusted and true of Time and again during the early

likewise should have been the presiding servants to whom the Lord committed period of the Church in this dispensapriest in the temple because he was a a dispensation of the gospel. He suffered tion, only men were called to the offices

direct descendant of Aaron through his death as a martyr and was beheaded of this priesthood. Before the turn of

father Zacharias and his mother Elisathrough the trickery of the wicked the last century, young men were gradubeth, but the Jews rejected him. It Herodias. Like many of the servants ally inducted into this program, and

should be understood that those who of God, he sealed his testimony with today it is chiefly a plan to give trainwere called high priests by the apostate his blood. ing to our young men twelve to twenty

Jews were not high priests bearing the Little is known of the functions of years of age. The training they receive

Melchizedek Priesthood. They should the Aaronic Priesthood in the primitive today is a boon to the Melchizedek

have been designated as presiding priests church. The offices of deacon, teacher, Priesthood. It is one of the primary

and not high priests. and priest are named, but their duties objectives of the Presiding Bishopric to

are not that clarified. (I Tim. 3:8; Eph. 4:11; see shall receive each young man of the most was one John the Baptist

this 10:11.) Heb. training. of members the The servants.distinguished of God's 'That

he found favor with the Lord is emphaMay 15, 1829, was a day of paraAaronic Presthood of today are the sized in the Angel Gabriel's appearance mount importance to this generation. members of the Melchizedek Priesthood

in the temple to his father, Zacharias, On that beautiful occasion, the Aaronic of tomorrow, and if they participate promising him that he and his wife Priesthood was restored to earth after actively in the Aaronic Priesthood, they were to have a son who should "... be an absence of many centuries. It was establish a solid foundation on which

great in the sight of the Lord."(Luke the resurrected John the Baptist who was to build once they receive the higher

1:15.) The birth of few men has been the central figure in this restoration. He priesthood. The advantages of today's

foretold. He was one of this select it was who appeared to Joseph Smith Aaronic Priesthood program have never

group whose coming was made known and Oliver Cowdery on the banks of been equaled.

centuries before his birth. Isaiah prophethe Susquehanna River as a messenger Between his 19th and 20th birthday,

sied concerning his mission approxisent from God in answer to their prayers. there are at least three important blessmately sevenhundred years before he He told them that he came under the ings that come to a young man who has

was born. (Isaiah 40:3.) He was an direction of Peter, James, and John, and honored his priesthood. First, he is

Elias in that he was a forerunner of he conferred upon them the Aaronic recommended to be ordained an elder

Jesus. He vigorously preached the gospel and to hold the high priesthood. Secof repentance to the Jews. There came ond, he will more than likely be invited

to him one of the highest privileges ever to serve on a mission for the Church.

is a tremendous and important opof baptizing the Thisaccorded man—that

portunity for every young man. Third, a personal of theSavior was world. He

witness of one of the greatest manifestathrough his faithfulness to the Aaronic tions ever given. It came at the time Priesthood and his ordination to the

of Jesus'baptism. As Jesus came forth high priesthood, he will very likely

out of the water, John beheld the Holy have the opportunity of taking his bride

Ghost descend on him like a dove, into the house of the Lord and being and there came from the heavens the sealed for time and eternity. These are

voice of the Father giving divine aponly three of the important blessings proval: "... This is my beloved Son, that come through faithfulness in the

in whom I am well pleased."(Matthew Aaronic Priesthood.

3:17.) I trust that I shall always be found

assisting in our young the Church, men fact attested to the that John Jesus as I assisted faithful brethwas by of even of the greatest Baptistthe one was presided over the Aaronic whohis servants. paid him a glowing ren He

Priesthood I recall a boy. I was when said:tribute when he

very vividly a wonderful bishop the by

I that those you, say unto "For among of Elias twice S. Woodruff, name who

is there a greater notare born of women president, mission a became was who..."Baptist: theprophet than John of the general wel- a member Church

7:28.)(Luke I think was Lord repeated in this dispensa-.JH* a leader 8*.v. fareoutstandingcommittee,as abutbishopwhomand The

422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

of boys. I was one of his priests. At In retrospect, I see a young boy—sixtyone campuses. I see, in addition

the time he was bishop, he presided common variety of Latterday Saint to that, 1500 young people on thirtysix over a very large ward. There were sitting in a seminary class. The teacher more campuses who are under the insixty-three priests in that priests'quowonders whether he is learning what is spiration of the Deseret Club program.

rum. I recall Bishop Woodruff's combeing taught. He need not have wonAdd to this number of young Latterday

ing into the room, taking off his coat, dered, however, for two years later, and Saints approximately 1,000 at the Ricks hanging it over the back of his chair, two thousand miles from home, he is College, over 10,000 at Brigham Young and then teaching this large group of being induced by his army companions University, and hundreds more in the youngsters the gospel. We all learned to follow their actions in a decision that other units of the Church school proto love him. As I recall, more than fifty would have been detrimental to his gram. There is in this Church a veritaof those boys went on missions, and moral virtue. I see this young man reble army of Israel, who are receiving

we had thirtytwo missionaries from our turn home on furlough and go directly weekday religious education.

ward in the mission field at the same to the home of his seminary teacher I call this vast program to your attentime. Bishop Woodruff was an outto tell him how he had withstood the tion for this reason: Valuable as it is,

standing example of the devotion of a temptation and conclude with these the problem remains that we are not bishop to his Aaronic Priesthood quowords: "Pete, I couldn't let you down."reaching all of our young people, either

rums. I hope all bishops can learn from I see a young man in a seminary class on the high school level or on the colan example such as this. who is having trouble at home with lege level. Fine as the percentage of

May we as parents and leaders of his father, trouble with his high school enrolment is in our seminary program, our boys exert every effort to bring the grades, and trouble in seminary. I see we still lack far too many young people.

full blessings of the priesthood to every at the end of class a wise teacher chat The early morning seminary classes are one of them, to the end that the culmiwith this young man, and in the process extending far and wide now. Six

nation of their Aaronic Priesthood activiof the conversation actually to ask formonths ago in Orlando, Florida, I visited ties will become a steppingstone to a giveness of this boy. I see him graduate an early morning seminary class at six

great and marvelous future. from high school and college, go on a o'clock. About five hours later, on the

May the choice blessings of our mission, marry in the temple, and then same day and incidentally at the same

Heavenly Father be with us in our take his bride up to this small Idaho hour, Brother Boyd Packer was attending efforts to serve him, I pray and leave town, where he picks up the seminary a similar early morning seminary class my testimony, along with the wonderteacher and drives down in front of the in the Hawaiian Islands. The seminaries

ful testimonies that have already been seminary. He then introduces his extend from Edmonton, Canada, to

given to the divinity of this great latterteacher to his bride in these words: Juarez, Mexico. I would urge extending

day work, in the name of Jesus Christ. "This is the place and this is the man them even further into the stakes and

Amen. who changed my life and gave you to into the missions so that all of the young

me. people of this Church can have the opOn another occasion I see a young portunity of daily religious instruction.

couple away at a large university; their Parents, we need your help. You are

marriage falling apart, not because of the ones who are to see that your chilany involvement on the part of either dren attend seminary classes. Ward

person, but because of the lack of funds, education committees have been organthe urgency of studies, the children's ized to help recruit students. They

needs, and a multitude of daily living should make visits particularly at this problems that could not be met. As time of the year when preregistration

they cross the campus one evening, they is going forward for next fall. I plead

stop in at the Institute of Religion, alwith you to help them make the wise most accidentally. I see the teacher, choice at this time of their lives. This

who normally is very meticulous about impressionable age of life is the most following his outline, depart from it, appropriate time to impress them with for some unknown reason and get on the truths of the gospel. They need the

another subject, which somehow touched daily association with the message of the hearts of this couple who were the scriptures, especially under the contemplating divorce. I see them happressures of the world that would turn

py now, their marriage mended and them otherwise, and they need the successful. learning experiences in the subjects of

large say: gathering "All that I and ment, history, am, Testament, Church New

position I that to, of and theNO FINER PROGRAM I hear a stake president stand in a the gospel, where they take Old Testa- I have courses; come and Book where Mormon

owe to an inspiring seminary teacher and they keep journals, take tests, answer eight months in seminary."questions, give talks, see educational

A. Theodore Tuttle There are many others. I bear testifilms, handle the scriptures, gain testiof the First Council of the Seventy mony to the value of this inspired promonies, and prepare for missions.

gram in the lives of young people. Not In the southern part of this state, there

only is it valuable, but it also fills a is a stake president who recently said:

My dear brothers and sisters, since daily need for spiritual food for the youth "We have seven missionaries to interview the assignment that came to me last of this Church. In the everexpanding this conference. The reason for this is

week, has brought to a close fourteen program which now includes over 56,000 that we have kept them going from years of intimate association with the seminary students (1800 of whom are seminary to institute. We have found

LDS Department of Education (which Indian members, recently included in that if we can get them in the Institute has jurisdiction over the seminaries and the religious education program of the of Religion we get significant help in the institutes of religion of this Church), Church) receiving daily instruction, preparing boys to be missionaries."I

I would like to share with you some of under more than 1000 teachers. commend his testimony to all of the

my reflections and experiences concern- I see 8200 college students, who, at stake presidents in this Church.

ing this program.* colleges other than Brigham Young There is no finer program to teach

*President Tuttle has been assigned to work in University and Ricks College, are atthe gospel in this Church. The youth

the missionary department of the Church. tending Institutes of Religion on some are under teachers who are loyal to

JUNE I960 423 these brethren. They know they are Book of Mormon, and the Doctrine and children], by the laying on of the hands,

prophets of God. These teachers are Covenants. I look back upon it now, when eight years old, the sin be upon

skilled. They are proud of the noble realizing that there was where I got my the heads of the parents."(D&C 68:25.)

title of teacher. These men are men of first detailed knowledge of these standard Now, I should like to offer some

conviction and testimony. They know, works. Could I have enough influence homely, practical suggestions. They

as I know, that God lives. They know I would see to it that every boy and have been said before many times, have

that Jesus is the Christ, our Redeemer, every girl in the Church had a like been thought before many times, and that he wrought out the atonement for experience under a man of faith! anyone who has been a father has

us. They know that Joseph Smith is a There are other factors having to do exercised them many times. I should

prophet of God; that the Book of Morwith boys and girls. I should like to just like to remind us of them.

mon is true; and that these men who talk about one of those factors. Do we want children to feel that the

direct this Church are inspired of our I recognize that young people are bishop of the ward is called of God?

Heavenly Father. faced with great stress and strain in Then let us allow no note of impatience

Parents, I plead with you to see that these days. They are under great or disloyalty to enter into our voices as

your children take advantage of the temptation. We accuse them of many we mention his name.

opportunities for spiritual education that things, and we think we know a lot of Do we want our children to learn this Church affords. I bear you my witthe answers which could keep them out spirituality? Then let us be spiritual.

ness that this is a divinely inspired proof trouble. A recent great meeting Do we want them to be able to learn

gram, and it operates under divinely in Washington, I am sure, found more the whispering of the Spirit and to hear inspired men today, in the name of Jesus answers. it? Then let them see that decisions

Christ. Amen. But the Church has had an answer made by us in their behalf have been

from the beginning. To our first parreached because we have heard that

ents, after He had married them in whispering.

the holy bonds of eternal matrimony, Do we want them to learn the use the Lord said, "Be fruitful, and multiply, of money in the work of the Lord? Then

and replenish the earth."(Gen. 1:28.) let them participate with us in the

In my opinion, what he did when he tithes we pay and in the offerings we said that, was to place upon a father give.

and mother the responsibility of eduDo we want them to know that Presicating their children and keeping them dent McKay is the prophet, the seer, in the faith. Realizing there are other and the revelator, for our day? By our

influences which can have effect upon loyalty and repeated declaration of the them, theirs is the prime responsibility. fact, they can learn it best.

This was later confirmed through the Do we want children to grow up to mouth of the Prophet Joseph Smith be missionaries? The parental attitude

when he reminded the people in a on this service will be reflected in the revelation that "... inasmuch as parpreparation of the children.

ents have children in Zion, or any of Do we want to teach them respect her stakes which are organized, that for the priesthood? Then let us give

teach them not to understand the docrespect to its every bearer of authority, trine of repentance, faith in Christ the including the ward teachers.

Son of the living God, and of baptism Do we want them to have unwaverand the gift of the Holy Ghost [which ing respect for us, their parents? Then

few parents undertake to teach their let us render unwavering respect for the eternal truths of the gospel, and for the men appointed to administer RESPONSIBILITY its teachings.

consistently things carried out These TO TEACH THE parents others by in the home, with GOSPEL which they will think of as problems arise, will be the greatest factors that can be given in our day to preserve our

S. Dilworth Young children in faith.

of the First Council of the Seventy I add my testimony to those that have been borne as to the restoration of the gospel—that it has been restored

Had Elder A. Theodore Tuttle been through Joseph Smith the Prophet, and

clairvoyant, he would have seen in the I bear witness that I know that President year 1914 a fourteenand-a-halfyear-old McKay is a prophet of the Living God, stripling entering the first seminary and I would that every child could instituted by the Church. Across the know it. I would that everybody who

street from Granite High School a buildever influences a child could make ring ing had been constructed—one room in in that child's ear what I learned insize—a teacher employed, and the school seminary from the mouth of John M.

opened to students. I was that stripling. Whitaker, as each day at the end of

There died yesterday the third teacher each class he repeated to us his testiof that particular seminary. The teacher mony, that he knew that (at that time)

was John M. Whitaker. Joseph F. Smith was a prophet of the

I should like to make a short Living God; his voice following us out

tribute to Brother Whitaker. He likely into the hall with the final statement,

did not know the profound influence he "And don't you boys and girls ever had upon me as a boy, as I studied forget it!"

minutely under him and Guy C. Wilson That is my testimony. In the name

before him, the detail of the Bible, the of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA many large and beautiful churches and been unable to realize the separate a magnificent synagogue. People were entities of the Father and the Son, their

gathering to these buildings in such relationship and their reality.

numbers that the traffic was blocked I want to say that when we started in some areas. We then went to our emphasizing in our missionary program

own building where we met six of our the truth about God as a basic and fundamissionaries who are laboring in that mental and primary principle, and area. began to encourage those who were

As I talked with our elders and willing to listen to get on their knees thought of the sacrifice behind their and ask him in the name of his Son service, and then thought of the people Jesus Christ concerning the truth of that we had seen going to these other magteaching, we began to get converts in nificent buildings, the question came such numbers as we had not had in into my mind, "Why do we make such many, many years.

efforts at such great cost to come to The second great revelation received teach these people who already have so in this dispensation was the testimony much that is virtuous and good?"of another nation, speaking from the

We admire their great reverence. One dust, of the divinity of the Lord Jesus

cannot witness their worship without Christ as the God of this world, our appreciating their devotion. We admire resurrected Savior and Redeemer. When

their faith in an overruling Providence, we have been able to get people to read and their great zeal in teaching the the Book of Mormon prayerfully, we brotherhood of man. We admire them have seen realized in their lives the

for all of the tremendous good that fulfilment of the words of Moroni that they accomplish. they would know the truth of that

What do we have to give them, with record—that it is verily the word of

THE CORNERSTONE getall thatfromtheyanynowotherhave,sourcethat theyin allcannotthe God,Cameandnexta testimonythe bestowalof Jesus.of the priestworld? Is it a recreation program? We hood, the authority to act in the name

have a good one, and I believe imof God, conferred by John the Baptist,

Gordon B. Hinckley plicitly in it, but many of them also and then by Peter, James, and John. It

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve provide excellent recreation. Is it a seems to me that any man of any

youth program? We have a tremenchurch who has ever had administered

dous program for which I am grateful, to him religious ordinances might well

My brethren and sisters, I seek the but in many cases they likewise have ask, as many have done, by what auinspiration of the Lord. excellent youth programs. Is it schools thority this has been accomplished.

I am grateful to be associated with and educational opportunities? They When that most significant conversathe great missionary program of the have these also, and in saying that I tion took place between Peter and the

Church. As I look at you, I think of am grateful for our own great system. Savior, in which Peter declared, "Thou

the six thousand men and women who Seriously, what can we give them art the Christ, the Son of the living are scattered over the world, and who that they do not now have? May I God,"and Jesus replied, "Blessed art

this day and this hour are knocking on just review four or five items which thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and

doors, being refused entrance, in most have come to us through the revelation blood hath not revealed it unto thee, cases, but getting in now and again to of the Lord and which they can secure but my Father which is in heaven,"the bear testimony of this work. I think it from no other source in all this world? Savior then went on to say, among other

is a singular and marvelous thing that I shall follow the sequence in which things:

during the past year they brought into these came to us. I think that sequence "And I will give unto thee the keys

the Church approximately the equivais important. of the kingdom of heaven: and whatsolent of three times the number who now To me it is a significant and marvelever thou shalt bind on earth shall be

are assembled in this hall. This was ous thing that in establishing and bound in heaven."(Matthew 16:1617,

exclusive of the more than eight thouopening this dispensation our Father sand converts of those devoted men and did so with a revelation of himself and 19.)We have to offer to those of other

women who are serving in the stake of his Son Jesus Christ, as if to say to faiths, with all that they now have, the missions. all the world that he was weary of the restoration of these marvelous keys and

The other day when I was preparing attempts of men, earnest though these the blessing of the priesthood, under to leave for a stake conference in Dallas attempts might have been, to define and which every worthy man may be a the phone rang, and a man said, "I describe him. Strange as it seems, we priest in his own right, with power and

need a little information. I know a alone, among all the great organizaauthority to bless, to teach, and to govwidow who goes out every morning at tions that worship God, have a true ern in the affairs of the kingdom of

four o'clock to milk sixty cows to keep description and a true definition of God.

her son in the mission field. She has him. The experience of Joseph Smith Came next the organization of the

just received a letter from her boy sayin a few moments in the grove on a Church—the Church of Jesus Christ

ing that he needs a new overcoat and spring day in 1820, brought more light "built upon the foundation of apostles a pair of shoes, and she doesn't know and knowledge and understanding of and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being where to get the money to buy them. Is the personality and reality and subthe chief corner stone,"all fitly framed

there some way I can help?"stance of God and his Beloved Son than together in fulfilment of the words of

That procedure, of course, was very men had arrived at during centuries of Paul to the Ephesian Saints. (Ephesians

easily worked out, but as I traveled to speculation. Notwithstanding the dec- 2:2021.) To me it is a singular and

my conference I reflected on the sacrilaration at Jordan at the time of the remarkable thing that with all that our fice of that widow, and of many other Savior's baptism when the voice of the friends have that is wonderful and good parents, to keep sons and daughters in Father was heard, and notwithstanding and true, there is not a church among the mission field. On Sunday morning, the events on the Mount of Transfigurathem to my knowledge led by prophets

I rode around the city of Dallas with tion when again the voice of the Father who speak as they are moved upon by

President and Sister Atkerson. We saw was heard, men somehow evidently had the Holy Ghost, and apostles who stand

JUNE I960 425 as living witnesses to all the world of these there were many of the noble the divinity of the Lord Jesus Christ. and great ones,..."and we hear the

Came after that the great keys, of Lord saying:

which President Smith has spoken so "These I will make my rulers....

beautifully this afternoon, which brought Abraham, thou art one of them; thou

about the opportunity of universal salwast chosen before thou wast born."

vation and exaltation. A man said (Abraham 3:2223.)

rather smugly one day, "I am saved."He commanded Adam: "Be fruitful

I asked, "What about your father?"and multiply, and replenish the earth,

He said, "I guess he isn't saved."I and subdue it."(Gen. 1:28.)

said, "Can you believe that in the jusAnd the Psalmist sang:

tice and mercy of God he would make "Lo, children are an heritage of the it possible for you to enjoy all the Lord.... Happy is the man that hath

blessings which you claim you have and his quiver full of them...."(Psalm

deny those same blessings to your father 127:3, 5.)

and your mother, who gave you all that Regarding these "Men of the Hour,"you have of life and body and mind?"Carlyle said:

To me it is one of the serious anomalies "The most precious gift that heaven of our life that the great religious syscan give to the earth; a man of genius,

tems of the world, which teach equity as we call it; the soul of a man actually

and justice and mercy and kindness, sent down from the skies with God's have great principle. in their theology nothing of this A PROPHET IS BORN messageWhat tomother,us."looking down with

My brethren and sisters, I have had tenderness upon her chubby infant does opportunity to study what causes people not envision her child as the President to join the Church. I have come to the Spencer W. Kimball of the Church or the leader of her naconclusion that it is testimony, which of the Council of the Twelve tion! As he is nestled in her arms, she

comes into their hearts of the truth sees him a statesman, a leader, a prophof these great revelations, which leads et. Some dreams do come true! One

them into the waters of baptism there My dear brothers and sisters, this has mother gives us a Shakespeare, another to covenant with the Lord to keep his been a great conference. I pray that the a Michelangelo, and another an Abracommandments and to become citizens Spirit of the Lord may attend me in ham Lincoln, and still another a Joseph

in his kingdom. what I shall say. Smith!

A friend once asked, "Why in your About fifty years ago, Mr. F. M. BareWhen theologians are reeling and

missionary work do you emphasize the ham wrote the following: stumbling, when lips are pretending and

differences between your religion and "A century ago men were following hearts are wandering, and people are others? Why not emphasize what you with bated breath the march of "running to and fro, seeking the word

have in common with others?"We Napoleon and waiting with feverish imof the Lord and cannot find it"—when

praise all that others have that is lovely, patience for news of the wars. And all clouds of error need dissipating and

virtuous, or of good report or praisethe while in their homes babies were spiritual darkness needs penetrating and worthy, and add to those many virtues being born. But who could think about heavens need opening, a little infant is

which they now have, the great virtues babies? Everybody was thinking about born. Just a few scattered neighbors

which have come of the revelations of battles. in a hilly region in the backwoods even

God to the Prophet Joseph Smith in this "In one year between Trafalgar and know that Lucy is expecting. There is

dispensation for the blessing of their Waterloo there stole into the world a no prenatal care, nor nurses; no hospital,

lives and the lives of all who come after host of heroes: Gladstone was born in no ambulance, no delivery room. Babies

them who will keep the faith, of which Liverpool; Tennyson at the Somersby live and die in this rough environment

I bear testimony this day in the name Rectory, and Oliver Wendell Holmes in and few know of it.

of the Lord, Jesus Christ. Amen. Massachusetts. Abraham Lincoln was Another child for Lucy! No trumpets

born in Kentucky, and music was enare sounded; no hourly bulletins posted;

riched by the advent of Felix Mendelsno pictures taken; no notice is given;

RECOMPENSE sohnAndinweHamburg."might add, and Joseph Smith thejust worda few along.friendly It'scommunitya boy! Littlefolk passdo

was born in Vermont, four years earlier. the brothers and sister dream that a

by Grace Barker Wilson Quoting Bareham further: prophet is born to them; even his proud

"But nobody thought of babies, everyparents can little suspect his spectacular

Tiredfaced women, bearded men, body was thinking of battles. Yet which destiny. No countryside farmers or

Pioneering for their faith, of the battles of 1809 mattered more than loungers at the country store, nor village gossips of babies even surmise 1809? fancy can much God how WeCrossed the weary stretches, the

his great they batcould discuss, only did they with world but manage when talions, when all the time he is doing the power of prophetic vision. have

Hope went glimmering like a it with beautiful babies. "They are naming him Joseph,"it is

wraith. "When a wrong wants righting, or a reported. But not one knows, not even

truth wants preaching, or a continent his parents, at this time, that this infant

Westward under burning sun wants discovering, God sends a baby and his father have been named in the

Or in winter's freezing blast, into the world to do it."scriptures for 3500 years, named for

Finishing what was begun—While most of the thousands of and known to their ancestor Joseph, the

infants will savior born every hour of Egypt even and Israel. NotPromised land they saw at last. precious

realizes, in his adoring outside neigheven mother never be known their own borhoods, there are great souls being her most ambitious dreaming and her

Prophet's vision led them hence; born who will rise above their sursilent musings, that this one of her chilAnd their poor and sorry state roundings. We see with "... Abraham dren, like his ancestor, will be the chief

Blossomed to magnificence; the intelligences that were organized sheaf of grain to which all others would

Generations call them great. before the world was; and among all lean and the one star to which the sun

426 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and moon and the other stars would saw the finger writing upon the wall of make obeisance. his palace, the warning reappears. It

He will inspire hatred and admiraseems to restate with great forcefulness, tion; he will build an empire and reDaniel's indictment of an unhumble

store a church—the Church of Jesus people:

Christ Millions will follow him; "God hath numbered thy kingdom,

monuments will be built to him; poets and finished it.... Thou art weighed

will sing of him; authors will write in the balances, and art found wanting.

libraries of books about him. And thou his son, O Belshazzar, hast

No living soul can guess that this not humbled thine heart, though thou little pinkish infant will become the knewest all this;... and thou hast

peer of Moses in spiritual power and praised the gods of silver, and gold, of greater than many prophets before him. brass, iron, wood, and stone, which see

He will talk with God, the Eternal not, nor hear, nor know: and the God

Father, and Jesus Christ, his Son, and in whose hand thy breath is, and whose angels will be his guest instructors. are all thy ways, hast thou not glorified.

.. Blessed be the of God. name His contemporaries Vermont know Morning session,... he Wednesday

kings, setteth little and this just up kings."will removeth.not that one born April 6, 1960 5:2627, 2223; 2:2021.) (Dan.live as lived, accomplish few have men

what few men have accomplished, and The answer to all of our problems die as few have ever died, in his own personal, national, and international given to us times beensacred in a prison at many blood the hands of has by THE THREAT OF prophets, to ancient modern.assassins many as everlasting to a martyr Whytruth! must we grovel in the earth when we COMMUNISM

All expectations are understated. could be climbing toward heaven! The

Destiny outdistances all imagination and path is not obscure. Perhaps it is too

dreams! simple for us to see. We look to foreign Ezra Taft Benson

programs, summit conferences, land of the Council of the Twelve "God moves in a mysterious way bases. We depend on fortifications, our

His wonders to perform; gods of stone; upon ships and planes

if brethren of the and sisters, our gods and projectiles, Lord his footsteps My in the sea He plants iron—gods

bless to say a few have no ears, words which no hearts. will no eyes, me I desire the storm. rides upon And

We pray to them for deliverance and about a most serious worldwide threat.

"Deep in unfathomable mines depend upon them for protection. Like In the Old Testament we read: "My

Of neverfailing skill, the gods of Baal, they could be "talking people are destroyed for lack of knowlHe treasures up his bright designs or pursuing or on a journey or peredge."(Hosea 4:6.)

And works his sovereign will."adventure sleeping"when they are Thus spoke Hosea, the prophet. In

—William Cowper. needed most. And like Elijah, we might keeping with the spirit of President

cry out to our world: McKay's masterful opening address, I

During the unfolding of this Smith- "How long halt ye between two opintake these words of warning as my text, flower; during the brief ripening years ions? if the Lord be God, follow him. "My people are destroyed for lack of

of this fruit of the loins of that other..."(1 Kings 18:21.) knowledge."

Joseph of Israel, the world is preparing My testimony to you is, the Lord is As in Old Testament days we need for the greatest event since the Meridian God. He has charted the way, but we knowledge today. We need to know

of Time. The triplet infants, Liberty, do not follow. He personally visited our enemies. We must assess clearly

Freedom, and Justice, are contending for Joseph Smith in our world in our cenand accurately the perils that face the life; a small colonial nation is struggling tury. He outlined the way of peace in free world as we enter the Missile Age.

to its feet; the people from many lands, this world and eternal worlds. That At the same time we must assure oursquirming in the "meltingpot,"are path is righteousness. The Prophet selves of the knowledge which brings

firming up, suffering labor pains toward Joseph with all his successor prophets confidence and trust in our ability and the birth of a divine new program, "a proclaiming the ripening of this world that of our friends around the world marvelous work and a wonder,"the in iniquity and the solution of all vexto face the future—not in fear but with

restoration of the gospel in all its faring problems. The Book of Mormon vigilance. From knowledge comes

reaching detail. which he brought into existence relates strength, and from strength comes the

"We fancy,"said Bareham, "God can the story of two hundred years of peace power to preserve freedom both at home manage his world only with great batin the old days, which was the greatest and abroad.

talions, when all the time he is doing era of happiness of which we have any President Eisenhower and other dediit with beautiful babies."complete record. cated men have worked tirelessly to

O foolish men who think to protect God lives as does his Son, Jesus Christ, help the free world understand better the world with armaments, battleships, and they will not indefinitely be mocked. the deadly world conflict between good

and space equipment, when only rightMay we hearken and repent "for the and evil which is constantly going on.

eousness is needed! day of the Lord is near in the valley We are now entering a period of conHaving read the pages of history, six of decision.... the Lord will be the ferences, first at the Summit in May

thousand years of it, can we not see hope of his people...."(Joel 3:14, 16.) and again in June when the President

that God sent his babies to become the Joseph Smith is a true prophet of the travels to Moscow for a tenday visit in teachers and prophets to warn us of our Living God and his successors likeRussia.

threatening fate? Cannot we read the wise. The mantle of authority and As the President said in his State of

handwriting on the wall? History reprophecy and revelation and power lies the Union Message last January, "We

peats itself. in his choice servant who now leads us, will continue in our search for peace

O mortal men, deaf and blind! Can President David O. McKay, and he is and in our efforts to reach mutually

we not read the past? For thousands of God's prophet not only to Latterday enforceable agreements."

years, have plowshares been beaten into Saints, but to every living soul in all We have an enormous responsibility swords and pruning hooks into spears, the world. This is my testimony to you, here in the United States to help mainyet war persists. Ever since Belshazzar in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. tain peace and freedom and to push

JUNE I960 427 back the somber clouds of warthreats Internationally, communism seeks to Except for a few closely personal caused by international tensions. isolate us from the rest of the free world. items we would have no property to

The power of communism depends to Here at home, communism ceaselessly leave to our families when we die.

a large extent on public ignorance. pursues the disintegration of the AmeriWe could travel around the country

Knowledge is a dangerous thing—to can way of life. It strives to use only with police permission.totalitarian states; but knowledge is education, science, literature, art, even We could not travel abroad or marry

strength to a free people. the churches, to undermine our free a foreigner without the specific approval

There are some fundamental facts society. of the state.

which must never be overlooked, lest Suppose for a moment that this counWe could not even write freely to it be said of this our land, "My people try fell under communist control. What friends in other countries.

are destroyed for lack of knowledge."would be the fruits of this calamity? Our children would go to the schools

(Hosea 4:6.) First, the true seat of government would selected for them, and only so long as

We must never forget exactly what immediately be removed from Washthe state'permitted. Lenin said, "Give

communism really is. Communism is far ington to Moscow. William Z. Foster, us a child for eight years, and it will

more than an economic system. It is'the former head of the Communist Party be a Bolshevik forever."

a total philosophy of life—atheistic and in the United States, said this: "When a Teachers would be free to teach only

completely opposed to all that we hold Communist heads the government of the what the state authorized. William Z.

United States—and that day will come Foster said, "Our teachers must writedear.We believe in an allwise Creator. just as surely as the sun rises—the govnew school textbooks and rewrite hisCommunism teaches that everything in ernment will not be a Capitalistic tory from the Marxian viewpoint."

existence came about as a result of government but a Soviet government, To belong to a church would be sure ceaseless motion of the forces of nature. and behind this government will stand to bring discrimination and penalties of

We believe in the dignity of man. the Red Army to enforce the dictatorship many kinds against us and our families.

Communism holds that human beings of the proletariat."The great majority of church buildings

are but graduate beasts. Hence comWhat would this mean to you and would become state museums or waremunism does not hesitate to destroy me in our daily lives? houses.

those who stand in its way. The RusCould we own our own homes? Our No real compromise is possible with

sian communists in their rise to power living quarters would be assigned to us, evil such as this.

liquidated millions of their fellow and we would pay rent to the state as Is there any real danger that such a countrymen. The Chinese communists ordered. calamity could befall us here? My reto sponse that is merely to recite the as tens of our outwiped Our own farms? Could we own millions—perhaps fact: following shocking collectivized million. beand 30 farms be wouldmany as

We believe in a moral code. Comcome the property of the state and we In forty years, communism, by trickmunism denies innate right or wrong. would work them under orders from ery and force, has brought more people

As W. Cleon Skousen has said in his the state. under its domination than the total

timely book, The Naked Communist: Could we start a business and hire number of Christians now living in theThe communist "has convinced himself people to work for us? To do so would entire world—and Christianity has been

that nothing is evil which answers the make us criminals. in existence for nearly 2,000 years.

call of expediency."This is a most Could we work where we pleased? We We dare not underestimate the comdamnable doctrine. People who truly would work when, where, and how we munists'zeal, nor their aims, nor their

accept such a philosophy have neither were told—and the government would power. To do so could mean our deconscience nor honor. Force, trickery, do the telling. No labor unions as we struction.

lies, broken promises are wholly justinow know them would be permitted We dare not accept communist fied.We believe in religion as a mode of toCommerce,exist. NeitherFarm Organizations,would ChambersRotaryof pledgesThe Germanat face value.situation is a dramatic

life resulting from our faith in God. Clubs, the American Legion, and other example.

Communism contends that all religion organizations. The Soviet Union in the 1940's sealed

must be overthrown because it inhibits What would happen to our bank off its German occupation zone—breakthe spirit of world revolution. accounts? All above a small sum would ing its promise.

Earl Browder, a longtime leader of be confiscated. The rest would be The Soviet Union built up a powerthe Communist Party in the U. S. A., statecontrolled for us. The state would ful East German semimilitary police

said, "... we Communists do not distake over our insurance. force—breaking another promise.

tinguish between good and bad religions, The Soviet Union pledged Germany because we think they are all bad."political freedom, as well as freedom of

This atheistic, degrading, but militant speech and press. Here again she broke

philosophy is backed up with the her promise.

strength and resources of a big country The Soviet Union agreed to fourof 210 million people and a fastgrowing power rule in Berlin, then set up a economy. In addition, communism has separate East Berlin—breaking its prombuilt an empire of 700 million people ise.

more. Besides this, it has agents in all I visited the Soviet Union last fall,

free world countries whose ultimate aim spending much of my time with the is to overthrow the existing social order good, honest, hardworking people of and bring these countries under the red the soil. I am sure the Russian people

flag. want peace. I am confident that we

The major communist objective, can look forward to an era of peace if make no mistake about it, is to destroy the governments of the world respond any society that adheres to the fundato the will of the people. But I saw no

mentals of spiritual, economic, and evidence that the communist leaders integrity of man. political freedom—the

free of the leading exponent As the havequest—byalteredeconomictheir goalif notof byworldmilitaryconsociety, the United States is thus the means.

primary target of MarxianLenin philosEven this short visit to the Soviet ophy. Union clearly revealed how uneven and

428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA unbalanced their economic progress Second, let us all do our part to stay to fight the good fight for freedom and actually is. Their success in the field free! Let us stand eternal watch against world peace.

of rocketry is in sharp contrast to their the accumulation of too much power May it never come to pass that "My backwardness in general standards of in government. Here in our free land people are destroyed for lack of knowlliving. A Soviet wisecrack of recent let us preserve a true climate in which edge,"(Hosea 4:6) I humbly pray, in the

vintage goes like this: "Last year we got man can grow. name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

a sputnik and this year a lunik, and one Third, let us all reaffirm our patriotof these days we may even get shoes."ism, our love of country. Patriotism is

In agricultural efficiency and promore than flagwaving and brave ductivity the Soviet Union is still a long words. It is how we respond to public

way behind the United States. But they issues. Let us rededicate ourselves as

do have a substantial growth potential. patriots in the truest sense.

By means of a great effort, including Fourth, let us all help to build peace:

better economic incentives, Soviet agriTrue peace springs from within. Its

culture has increased production by one price is righteousness, and to achieve half or more in the past six years. righteousness we must so conduct ourAbout fifty million persons work in selves individually and collectively as

Russian agriculture and forestry—more to earn the loyalty and devotion of other

thanforce—comparedforty percentwithof atheirlittle totalover sevenlabor men.Finally, let us all rededicate our lives

million persons in the United States, and our nation to do the will of God.

or less than 10 percent of our labor force. With each of you, I love this nation.

They have relatively few farm maIt is my firm belief that the God of chines compared to the United States, heaven guided the Founding Fathers in and they use a great deal of hand establishing it for his particular purlabor, most of it done by women. Some poses. But God's purpose is to build

sixty to seventyfive percent of their agrifree people of character, not physical cultural labor force consists of women. monuments to their material accumulaBut one farm worker in the United tions.

States produces enough food and fiber to Nations that truly love freedom love support about twentyfive persons—one God. History is replete with examples

nations in Russia that have worker produces enough of once powerfulfarm six in THE RETURN OF persons. five or nation ripened forgottenfor only God. No The typical Russian laborer has one iniquity can long endure. "RighteousTHE JEWS

pair of shoes and one suit of clothes. ness exalteth a nation: but sin is a

That's because it takes a month's wages reproach to any people."(Proverbs

to buy a pair of shoes and two months 14:34.) George Q. Morris

or more to buy a suit of clothes. We in this land have a rich heritage of the Council of the Twelve

They are putting up a bold front as of freedom. It has rewarded us beyond

regards their ability to catch up. I saw our brightest dreams. The key to

hundreds of posters in the USSR urging further progress—the key to national seMy dear brethren and sisters, I sinfarmers to surpass the United States in curity—is the preservation of the initiacerely pray that the Lord will direct

per capita production. I also saw tive, vitality, energy, and resourcefulness me in what I shall say upon this occanumerous posters forecasting the ultiof our people. Our material progress sion. President Moyle Monday morning

mate victory of the communist system. is merely a byproduct of our freedom. set forth very clearly and effectively the

But we in this country are driving Our Godgiven freedom, a basic princiteachings of the Church regarding the ahead also. ple of religious truth, is still the most coming of the Savior, and I thought I

I feel sure that the Soviets will not powerful force on the face of the earth. would like to mention three signs that

equal nor surpass our productivity in our The people of the world long for the Lord gave that we might observe lifetime, if ever, under their system of peace—and I specifically include the and know when we saw them that he

agriculture. Why? Because they can people of Russia. had set his hand again to accomplish

never duplicate the levels of efficiency That is why we can approach these final preparatory work for the coming and productive ingenuity which are talks with the Russians with inner of the millennium.

called forth in a free society. strength but without illusions. We The first of these was to be the restoraBut let us not underestimate them. know that knowledge of the enemy tion of the gospel of Jesus Christ. That

On the contrary, let us strive harder to teaches us wariness and caution; we has already occurred, and it occurred

make our own free system of agriculture know too that we speak for millions 130 years ago. The Church speaks for

and industry even more efficient. And of suppressed people on the Soviet side itself. Its literature, its scriptures, its

let us constantly keep our guard up. of the Iron Curtain, all those everymartyrs, over a million testimonies from

What can you and I do to help meet where who want peace with human diglips and lives of members of the Church this grave challenge from a godless, nity. speak to the world and bear witness

atheistic, cruelly materialistic system May I conclude by saying that any that this thing has been accomplished to preserve our Godgiven free way of system which deprives men of their free that the Lord has set his hand to do, and life? agency, which weakens the home and it is evident that it is spreading all over

First, let us all prize the treasures family, which depends on butchery for the world rapidly.

we have in this country. This is a oower, which denies all moral responsi- A week ago Sunday our representatives

choice land—all of America—choice bility, which holds that man lives by organized a stake in Australia and on

above all others. Blessed by the Al-:>read alone, and which denies the the same day another in England. Our

mighty, our forebears have made and existence of God, is of the devil. temples encircle the globe. Our people

kept it so. It will continue to be a land This is the communist philosophy. are on all continents and in most of

of freedom and liberty as long as we There is no real evidence that it has the countries of the world, and God is are able and willing to advance in the been changed in the last forty years. moving forward with this, his kingdom.

light of sound and enduring principles Knowledge of the enemy and knowlAnother sign of great importance was of right. edge of ourselves give us the strength the rise of an evil power. Brother Benson

JUNE I960 429 had already very impressively referred been built on the site of ancient settle- a land onetenth the size of Utah they to it—communism. The Lord, in the ments."* have nearly a half million more people

first section of the Doctrine and CoveIt goes on to explain—I do not have than we have in our whole Church.nants, officially and formally announced time to read the details—that this moveThey have about 258 people for each

to the world the restoration of the true ment started about 1880 when pogroms square mile in Palestine, which is a and living Church, and called upon against the Jews drove them from dense population. We have about ten

all people to hear and accept the mesEurope, and they began to trickle into a square mile in Utah.

of hissages servants that Palestine. he In 1909 was send- a number of Jewish cannot So that us—I

forthing to the world. families started sand give of further homes on the words this details—ofmay remindthe

I also said: "For respecter He of of Jaffa, dunes outside am no working Isaiah: with

persons, and will that all men shall shovels and wheelbarrows. Thus began "Break forth into joy, sing together,

know that the day speedily cometh; the city of Tel Aviv, meaning the "hill ye waste places of Jerusalem: for the

the hour is not yet, but is nigh at hand, of spring,"Israel's biggest city, the first Lord hath comforted his people, he hath whenearth"—thatpeace shallcondition,be takenI thinkfrom thewe years.allJewish"Pioneers,"—ascity built intheytwocalledthousandtheir redeemed"The LordJerusalem.hath made bare his holyreadily understand—"and the devil shall farmers—returned to the land from arm in the eyes of all the nations; and

have power over his dominion."(D&C countries from which the Jews had been all the ends of the earth shall see the

1:35.) driven, in which they could not possess salvation of our God."(Isa. 52:9-10.)

It is that point that I think is very land. They were armed farmers; they And this looks to the time when the

significant. The Savior recognized the constituted the Army of Defense, reLord Jesus Christ is to stand on the

domination of Satan over the world minding one of the Prophet Nehemiah Mount of Olives, and the people will generally, and called him the prince of who said, "every one with one of his gather about that mount, and they will the world, but in a special way—in the hands wrought in the work, and with say, "What are these wounds in your

wayto—hethathas Brotherentered Bensoninto thehaspoliticsreferredof the4:17.)other hand held a weapon."(Neh. sayhandsuntoandthem,in your"Thesefeet?"are Andthe woundshe will

the world among the nations of the In 1948, with a population of 600,000, received in the house of my friends."

world, already and subjugated of about Declaration the one Independence they will recognize was Then billion people of the issued, a of world, and and the State by Israel was estabChrist, the Savior of the world.him—Jesus

dire, sanguinary, and deadly philosophy lished. An army of 35,000 Jews was I declare to you, my dear brethren

has brought death to millions and has opposed by an army of nearly 80,000 and sisters, that Jesus Christ is the brought slavery to almost a billion Arabs. In about nine months peace Redeemer of the world, the Son of the

people. was declared and they set up their Living God. We cannot partly accept

to call point to I just want one planted your government. 53 They more than as a philosopher, the merely him—as

attention. to not I have time Martyrs'million trees. Forest has six name perfect lived. most man who ever When

others here. Brother Benson has said million trees, one for each Jewish life we do that we reject him. We reject his

that they have declared for world lost in Nazi Europe. sovereignty and his divinity. He is the

domination, their aim the destruction This statement by a writer is very God of Israel, and the God of the whole of all the governments in the world. interesting: world. He is Jehovah of the ancient

I want to read before you God's dec- "Strangely enough when the State of scriptures, and God, the Savior of the laration: "And in the days of these Israel was reborn in 1948, it was a nanew scriptures. Into his hands God

kings shall the God of heaven set up tion of 600,000, the same number which has placed all things, and given him reportsa kingdom, that Bible the which shall never debe led out Moses over the of power flesh, and nations—all

stroyed: in shall and Egypt. the kingdom be bondage not some numbers It now that he is exercising power.

left to other people, but it shall break two million, the same number which Things seem to us, in our shortin pieces and consume all these kingit is said populated the ancient Kingdom sightedness, all confusion, but a clear doms, and it shall stand for ever."of Solomon, when Israel was in all its pattern is marked out that we can dis-

(Daniel 2:44.) glory."* cern. These three things have been

I bear my witness that that decree of That is why we may now say that the accomplished that he told his disciples

God will hold. It remains for us Jews have returned to Palestine. On would happen, as he sat with them on

members of the kingdom of God—to *Know the World: Israel, "Around the World Prothe Mount of Olives, and he is to

devote ourselves with singleness of purgram"by Peggy Mann. accomplish all other things. We see

pose to his service. To love God with now another rebellion like that which

all our hearts, and love our fellow men occurred at the planning of the world, as ourselves, and live and proclaim this when Lucifer stood up and impudently gospel of salvation to the world is the proposed that he should be the Savior, only means that will save it. and attempted to dethrone God and

A third item is God's promise that Jesus Christ, and subject the world to he would gather Jews to Jerusalem, and slavery.

I think perhaps we may well now not Now these issues are drawn again continue saying the Jews are going to the same evil power has declared that gather in Jerusalem. I think now we they are to conquer the world. God

may well say they have gathered. The has declared that his kingdom is to

ultimate returns will come later as they consume all the nations of the world.

develop this land and are joined by The issues are now clearly drawn, and others. the time will come when Satan, again, by

In a writing issued recently this the power of the Only Begotten, shall statement was made: "About two milbe cast down, and Jesus Christ will

lion Jews have returned to restore land reign supreme, and all those who believe which has lain desolate for centuries. and accept the fulness of his gospel

In little more than ten years fetid and devote themselves with all their swamps have been transformed into hearts to the building up of his kingfertile valleys. Orchards now blossom dom will be saved and honored with

on stony hillsides. Farms have sprouted him. Those who will not must of necesthe desert and towns and cities have sity be cast out.

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I bear witness that this is the Church "For if the trumpet give an uncertain relevant to the young, would accept the and kingdom of God established by him, sound, who shall prepare himself to full implications of his stewardship.

and it is never to be thrown down; that the battle?"(1 Cor. 14:8.) Think of the wonderful work being done

Joseph Smith is a prophet of the Living Thank God for the unwavering note. for our children by faithful workers

God; that David O. McKay is a prophet On the first day of May two important in Primary and Sunday School and MIA,

of God to this world this day. I bear events will be celebrated in the United in scouting and exploring, in Aaronic

this witness in the name of Jesus Christ. States in which Latterday Saints should Priesthood work, and in seminaries.

Amen. have special interest. While communistThink of the human resources available

controlled countries are using May Day to the bishop and stake president, and to demonstrate their military might and to their counterparts in the missionary their philosophy of rule by force and field, to reach out for the young and to fear, the United States of America will give them what they need of love, perbe celebrating "Law Day"under sonal interest,. visiting, good teaching,

proclamation of the President. Its obrecreation, friendship, testimony, and

jectives are: example. There is no program for youth

(1) "To foster increased respect for in all the world in any sense compalaw, enabling the nation to grow in rable. What great things we could do!

moral strength as it grows in population, God bless us to have a sense of our resources and world leadership. responsibility and our opportunity in

(2) "To provide an occasion for the this Church to provide the leadership

American people to rededicate themfor our young people which help equip selves to freedom for the individual them to be fit for the great days ahead.

under just laws... and to emphasize In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

before the world the contrast between the rule of law in the U.S., and the

system of totalitarian lands."

Members of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints are committed to obeying, honoring, and sustaining the law. We are under obligation

"WHO SHALL toandobeysustainthe it.law, and more—to honor

I count it one of the great privileges PREPARE

HIMSELF oflawmyforlifesometo haveyears beenand toa studenthave acquiredof the through that experience a great respect, as my father had before me, for the

Marion D. Hanks system of justice and the body of law

of the First Council of the Seventywhich we enjoy in this land. This is

not to suppose that every decision, judgment, interpretation, or application of

There are three matters which I would law is good and just altogether. The

mention this morning in brief headworkings of our appellate system, the lines, leaving to your judgment and initiation, revision, and abrogation of experience the fleshing in of the story. laws, testify that this is not so. It is

First, I express deep appreciation for to suggest that freedom and liberty rest the clear and forthright and courageous on law, that our laws are rooted deeply expressions of conviction which have in religious principles and rest on the ultimately law, and at this this great pulpit conmoral fromcome on the law TO CONVINCE THE it is our responsibility that and of God,ference. not intemperbeen have Theyate nor unloving, but they have been at the ballot box, in the jury box, in civic WORLD

firm and understandable and impressive. responsibility and political leadership,

I mention this because there are those in our homes and on the highways, to who seem to believe it unfashionable or obey, honor, and sustain the law of the LeGrand Richards even unChristian to have unconditional land, and to teach our children to do of the Council of the Twelve convictions, really to believe in somelikewise.

thing and to devote one's life and energy Also on the first day of May there to those convictions. As this conference will be celebrated the beginning of Na- I am happy, brothers and sisters, to

has proceeded, I have been increasingly tional Youth Fitness Week, and again have the privilege of attending this great grateful to belong to a Church, the no people in all the world should be conference with you, and I have been position of which is clear and the spokesmore concerned with the implications thrilled with the wonderful messages we men for which are convinced and of that day, because God has blessed us have heard. During the conference great

courageous. with the principles, the programs, and stress has been laid upon the great

At a recent meeting I attended, a talk the inspired leadership which can lead missionary program of the Church, a was given which seemed to be lacking the young, if they are willing, to the subject dear to my heart, having been in real conviction. At its conclusion physical, intellectual, social, emotional, a missionary most all of my life and

the chairman of the day characterized and spiritual readiness which will equip having had a desire to be a missionary the experience as "the bland leading the them for the great adventure ahead. long before I was old enough to go on

bland."Recently I had occasion to ponder the a mission, particularly when I read the

There is none of this in those who wonderful blessing of organization and life of the Prophet Joseph Smith by speak here for the Lord. leadership opportunities which the Lord George Q. Cannon, for from that time

A statement of Paul to the Corinthians has given us, and to consider what on I not only lived for but also prayed has been widely quoted recently. It might happen if every Latterday Saint, for the day when I would be privileged

seems applicable. He said: called to a position of responsibility to go into the mission field.

JUNE I960 431 One of those whom I admired most pertaining to this latterday gospel disworld, in the history of the world or in my youth as a great missionary, was pensation and the second coming of the the history of the people or churches, the Apostle Paul. I liked his testimony, Redeemer of the world than he had in where that promise has had its fulfilas he stood before King Agrippa and the his day. ment, and yet people look for his commost noble Festus and told his story I used this illustration with these mining?"But if Peter was a prophet of

how the Savior appeared to him as he isters: I told them that when we built God, Christ cannot come until there is

was on the way to Damascus, and you the Los Angeles Temple, I was still the a restitution, and I had explained alremember Festus said, "Paul, thou art Presiding Bishop, and we took the plans ready to them the fulfilment of that beside thyself; much learning doth make and showed them to the First Presipromised restitution of all things.

thee mad,"to which he replied, "I am dency one day, and we had eightyfive Then I took the coming of the angel not mad, most noble Festus; but speak pages about four feet long and two and that John saw, flying in the midst of

forth the words of truth and soberness."a halffeet wide, and we did not have heaven. I said, "Do you know anyKing Agrippa then said, "Almost thou the plans complete for the electrical where in the world that there is a record

persuadest me to be a Christian."(Acts work or the plumbing, and yet there of the coming of an angel with the

26:2428.) were eightyfive pages. Now I said to everlasting gospel to be preached in all

And you remember Paul's reply was: these men, "You could take those plans the world, to every nation, kindred,

"I would to God, that not only thou, and go all over this world and try to fit tongue, and people, since the time that but also all that hear me this day, were them to any other building in the world, that prophet's promise was made?"

both almost, and altogether such as and you could not fit them. There is Then I went through many other of

I am, except these bonds."(Ibid., 29.) only one building that those plans will the passages of scripture pertaining to

He had already asked them: fit and that is the Los Angeles Temple."our day, like the coming of Elijah the

"Why should it be thought a thing I said, "Of course, you could find heatprophet, and so forth, and then I said incredible with you, that God should ing plants and light fixtures and plumbthis to them, "Now, that Bible is just raise the dead?"(Ibid., 8.) ing and cement in other buildings just as much the Lord's blueprint of what

I was reading a statement from his he intended to do in this world as the missionary journey the other day that blueprint for that temple was the plan impressed me, and I would like to read by which that building was to be built."

it: I said, "It is true that you can find

"For he mightily convinced the Jews, some of the things that are in the Bible and that publickly, shewing by the in the churches, that is why we have scriptures that Jesus was Christ."(Ibid., hundreds of them, but you cannot find

18:28.) any other church in all the world that

And I thought it would be wonderful has all of the things that the Lord has if we could hear some of his marvelous promised."

testimonies as he took the scriptures in I remember as a boy hearing this his hands to prove that Jesus was the statement made that one of the great

Christ. evangelists of the United States, well-

I recall the words of the Savior where known all over the nation, in talking to he said that we should "Search the a Mormon elder, was asked questions by scriptures; for... they are they which this elder, and his answer was: "Well,

testify of me."(John 5:39.) Then he if we were to believe all that is in the

said to the Pharisees that they did err, Bible, we would all have to be Mornot understanding the scriptures, and mons."

we have his testimony to the two disThat is my testimony to the entire ciples as he walked along the way to world: if you believe all that is in the

Emmaus and their eyes were holden Bible, you would all have to be Morthat they did not recognize him, and mons, and I come back again to the he listened to their conversation about importance of the scriptures and the his crucifixion and he said, "O fools, as you do in that temple, but you could work of the Apostle Paul, and slow of heart to believe all that the not find a building that would fit per- "For he mightily convinced the Jews, prophets have spoken."(Luke 24:25.) fectly those plans."and that publickly, shewing by the

He explained the scriptures to them, Then I took the Bible and I said, "The scriptures that Jesus was Christ."(Ibid.,

and he opened their understanding that Prophet Isaiah tells us that the Lord 18:28.)

they might understand the scriptures. declared his work from the beginning And we can mightily show by the

(See ibid., 13 ff.) and he said that the 'grass withereth, scriptures that he was not only the

I feel that we do not place the value the flower fadeth: but the word of our Christ, but that he will also come again

we should on the scriptures, and in the God shall stand for ever.'(Isa. 40:8.) and that he has restored his kingdom

few moments I have this morning, I And as I see it, the Bible is the Lord's to the earth, as we have had testimony would like to relate an experience I had blueprint of his work from the beginning after testimony in this conference, and less than a year ago. By appointment until the final winding up scene."I bear you that testimony, if Paul were

from the First Presidency and at their Of course, there is not time for me to here today and knew of the coming of request, I was privileged to meet with go into details here today, but I took the Father and the Son and all the holy a group of ministers here in Salt Lake scripture after scripture that appeared angels that have visited this earth to

City who were holding a convention. in the Bible, and I said to these men, give us this restitution of all things,

They gave me two hours and a half to "Do you know anywhere in all the think how much more and much greater explain Mormonism to them. world where you can find a fulfilment power he would have to convince the

I explained the great organization of of that promise? Take for instance world, and that publicly.

the Church and how it came into existPeter's statement to those who cruci- I close with this thought: We have

ence and bore my testimony of its dified the Christ that before his coming heard about the marvelous progress the vinity. I thought of the Apostle Paul, the heavens were to receive him, until world has made scientifically. We read

if he had the scriptures and was with us the restitution of all things spoken by in the newspapers constantly about the today, and had to convince publicly the the mouth of all his holy prophets since day when men will make trips to the people out of the scriptures, how much the world began. (See Acts 3:1921.) moon—I have always said that if I were

more he would have to explain to them Do any of you know anywhere in this going I would want to be sure I got a

432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA roundtrip-ticket—but you know, if they fore, I trust that I might in some measforty-five houses for use as meeting

ever make a trip to the moon, and they ure, give you a picture of some of the places. In eight months he had bapcome back again, every newspaper in all things which have transpired of a motized over 1800—all 600 of the United

the world will spread it on their front mentous nature in Great Britain. Brethren with one exception—and 200

pages and tell what has happened. But This assignment from the First Presiministers of various denominations in

how would such an event, as marvelous dency returned us to the scenes of some the area.

as it would be, compare with the coming of the most soulstirring incidents and As a true missionary would, without of God the Eternal Father and his Son experiences in the history of missionary boasting, he wrote this simple sumJesus Christ to the boy Prophet, Joseph work in this dispensation. We were at mary: "The power of God rested upon

Smith? And why, I say in the words Preston in the midlands of Great Britus and upon the mission in our field of

of Paul, "Why should it be thought a ain where the first missionary work was labor.... The sick were healed, devils

thing incredible with you"(Ihid., 26:8) done. As you will remember the hiswere cast out, and the lame made to

that God should set his hand to do the tory, the first missionaries were submitted walk."

thing that he promised he would do to one of the greatest demonstrations of The work of these first missionaries and as is detailed in the plans of his the power of evil spirits perhaps ever was not without opposition, and later work. experienced by anyone. Brother Heber the Times and Seasons wrote about the

I leave you my testimony that Joseph C. Kimball, Elder Willard Richards, work around Liverpool: "... They were

Smith was a prophet, that President Elder Orson Hyde and Elder Isaac Russo good in general"(meaning the minMcKay is his duly appointed successor, sell had, for an hour and a half, as isters) "and so pure that they had no and that the power of Almighty God is they timed the experience, an awful room for the gospel. They were too

in this work. I have seen it all my life, demonstration of that power. holy to be righteous, too good to be pure,

and I bear you that witness, in the name President Heber C. Kimball, in writand had too much religion to enter into

of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. ing about it afterward, said: "I cannot the Kingdom of Heaven."(Times and

even now look back upon the scene Seasons, Vol. 2, p. 404.)

without feelings of horror; yet by it I And then they wrote: "It seemed that

learned the power of the adversary; his it almost required a horn to be blown

enmity against the servants of God, and from the highest heavens, in order to got some understanding of the invisible awaken the attention of the people."

world."(Smith, Documentary History of the

When he returned home, he asked the Church.) I thought of that when, after

Prophet Joseph what was the matter with elaborate arrangements had been made them that they had to be subjected to by President T. Bowring Woodbury of

such an experience, and the Prophet surthe British Mission for all the publicity prised them when he said something possible through the great newsgathering to this effect: "When I heard of it wire services throughout the world to

[your experience] it gave me joy, for I get a full coverage, including the local then knew that the work had taken root newspapers, to find the next day, hidden in that land [England.]"Then he redown in an obscure place in one of the

lated some of his own experiences, and two Manchester papers, this brief refermade this significant statement: "The ence to our missionary conference where

nearer a person approaches the Lord, a we created this stake and organized a greater power will be manifested by the new mission. This is what the Manadversary to prevent the accomplishchester Guardian recorded:

ment of his purposes."(Life of Heber

1945 Kimball, p. 132.) ed, Hold a Mormons Mass Meeting Afternoon session, C.Wednesday

I that the doubt have no Prophet had

April 6, 1960 in terrifying their first experience the he "British formed mind Mormons had in the grove when he prayed for diocese in Europe yesterday at a mass

until the the released therefrom he Saints Latterday in was Church of by the THE WORK IN light and was seized upon by this power meeting of more than 2000 members of of Manchester, the the center to the Son. coming be built Father and new He GREAT BRITAIN no doubt had in mind the experiences without delay at Wythenshawe, Manwhen he first went to see the plates, chester, at a cost of about 100,000 pounds.

when, as he sought to receive them, he The diocese, or stake, covers Manchester,

Harold B. Lee again saw a demonstration of the evil Halifax, Huddersfield, Dewsbury, and

of the Council of the Twelve powers. Leeds."

We were permitted, as we traveled I felt like saying what the other misin that same vicinity, to follow the sionaries had said, "It seemed as if it

My beloved brothers and sisters, for course that Wilford Woodruff was dialmost required a horn to be blown these next few moments I seek the inrected under inspiration to go, from the from the highest heavens in order to dulgence of your faith and prayers to potteries near Hanley down to Froomes awaken the attention of the people."

the end that, guided by the Spirit, I Hill, probably some fifty or sixty miles In one year, 1840 to 1841—one year

might make some small contribution to to the south, where, directed by the and fourteen days, to be exact—nine

the proceedings of this great conferSpirit, he found a people ready to remembers of the twelve were called to ence. ceive the coming of the servants of the labor in the British Mission. If you

Because of the desire expressed by the Lord. Within two days after his arrival remember the history here at home,

Brethren that I say something about the there, after having met John Benbow those years marked the period of some historymaking events of the past week and his wife and those who believed in of the severest persecution that the in the British Mission, I have put aside the sect called the United Brethren, he Church was to undergo in this dispenthe text of that which I might have had baptized six members, and in thirty sation. In that one year and fourteen

prepared otherwise to say on this occadays he had baptized fortyfive preachers days the nine members of the twelve, sion. I have determined long since that of the United Brethren, and one hunwith their associates, established churches

the expressed desire of my Presiding dred sixty members, and obtained therein every noted town and city in the

Brethren is to me as a command. Thereby the possession of one chapel and kingdom of Great Britain. They bapJUNE I960 433

tized between 7000 and 8000 converts. which the Lord declared is "the pure to take root in France, after a shocking

They printed 5000 copies of the Book in heart"in that land now, will "indemonstration of the power of evil in of Mormon, 3000 hymnbooks, and 50,000 crease in holiness and in beauty."Zion that mission only two short years ago.

tracts, and they published 2500 volumes will now begin "to arise and put on her And from the North German Mission, of the Millennial Star and emigrated beautiful garments."(See D&C 82:14, to use another example, which we have

1000 souls to America. 97, 21.) This first stake will provide a usually thought of as being behind the

These figures of the summary of the pattern for stakes yet to come from these Iron Curtain in part, they baptized in missionary work as done in Great great missions. We think we have set the month of March alone eightyfive

Britain might give you something of an it up in such a way that new leaders new converts.

idea of what has happened in the past so trained will shortly be able to take So it was likewise, during the three 123 years in that great country. In over still other stakes in that same vicinmonths of last fall, when we toured the

1849 and 1851 over 8000 baptisms were ity, and become a pattern for leaders of Latin American Missions of South Amerperformed in each year, or approximately stakes in that and the other European ica and in Mexico, we saw evidences 1000 converts to each missionary for missions. of the giant of God's eternal power, if

each of those years. The total number In truth, then, it now begins to build I might speak of it that way, awakening

of converts from 1837, when the work "a defense, a refuge from the storm, and among those wonderful people, where was first started, until the end of 1959 wrath when it is poured out with mixin some of those missions they are havtotals 136,026. The recorded number of ture upon the whole earth,"(see ihid. ing 600 to 700 convert baptisms each

emigrants during that same period was 115:6) which as the Lord declared, was year, as compared with only fifty to

57,149, and we have reason to believe the purpose of a stake being organized. seventyfive in previous years.

that thousands of others emigrated At that same conference, the new Indeed, in the language of Mark's without any record being made. North British Mission was organized, testimony to the early missionaries of

The total number of missionaries who with President Bernard P. Brockbank as the Apostolic Period who received the

have labored in that field numbers 7398. the new president. Parenthetically I divine commission of the Lord: "Go ye

Twelve of our General Authorities were might tell you that he received his nointo all the world, and preach the gosBritish-born, including our own Elder tice that he had been appointed as the pel to every creature.

John Longden, who was born at Oldpresident of that new mission only two "He that believeth and is baptized ham, now an organized ward in the weeks before he actually met us in New shall be saved; but he that believeth

new Manchester Stake. It is the estiYork to fly to his new assignment in the not shall be damned.

mate of Elder Richard L. Evans, who North British Mission, leaving his wife "And these signs shall follow them

has written an excellent history of the and children to make final preparations that believe; In my name shall they

Church in Great Britain during the first and the transfer of his business to other cast out devils; they shall speak with

one hundred years, that a very large hands. new tongues;

percent of the total membership of the We now have organized in the North "They shall take up serpents; and if

Church today trace their genealogy to British Mission eight missionary disthey drink any deadly thing, it shall

Great Britain. tricts, with nine missionary districts renot hurt them; they shall lay hands

By assignment of the First Presidency, maining in the British Mission which on the sick, and they shall recover."

in company with Elder Alvin R. Dyer, will continue to have headquarters in (Mark 16:1518.)

president of the European Mission, PresiLondon, the new mission to have headAnd then Mark records this significant dent T. Bowring Woodbury of the Britquarters at Manchester, England. The fulfilment: "And they went forth, and

ish Mission, and President Bernard power of God is resting again in the preached every where, the Lord working

P. Brockbank, now president of the new missions of Europe, today, as in the with them, and confirming the word

North British Mission, on Sunday, century which has passed. with signs following."(Idem 20.)

March 27, we organized the new ManDuring the month of March alone, President McKay, I have been a perchester Stake with a total membership in the British Mission they baptized sonal witness in these last six months of 2400 members. 360 new converts. In the French Misthat, as the apostles of old found, we

In the afternoon session there were sion, there were another 114 new conare finding today that the servants of 2026 in attendance, in one of the largest verts baptized in that mission, which the Living God are going forth, the theaters in the downtown Manchester seems for the first time in our day to Lord is working with them confirming

City. This stake, including all of the give evidence that the work is beginning the work, with the same signs followManchester and Leeds Districts of the ing.

mission, and part of the Liverpool Dis- I bear personal witness that the gift trict, is now organized with nine wards of tongues to a whole congregation, and two branches. which I witnessed, as in the day of

It was an interesting thing to discover Pentecost, was observed down in one that the leadership of the stake and of the Latin American Missions, by wards and the branches had to be which this congregation understood what largely composed of brethren who were was said, although what was being baptized converts to the Church of less spoken to them was in a strange tongue.

than five years. Fortunately, and it I have witnessed the healing of an imseemed as though almost by the hand potent and crippled child from birth in

of Providence, we found a few "anchor"the Brazilian Mission. I have witnessed

men who had been trained in the stakes the healing of a blind child in the here at home, who will become the Central American Mission.

trainers of these new, able, but inexperiAnd so, enumerating all of these, enced leaders. This stake becomes now, more important than any of these signs,

a training ground for leaders of organ- I have witnessed the reformation in the izations yet to come. personal lives of individuals who accept

This new stake brings the full Church the gospel and are true to its principles, program into action, so that such an which results from a true conversion to organization will be a demonstration the gospel of Jesus Christ. I bear you

to the world "to shine forth as a standmy solemn witness to the onrolling of ard unto the nations,"showing the work the work of the Lord. The work is

of the Church at full flower. Zion, awakening everywhere.

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I know that God lives. I bear perMormon is the most effective piece of flow of that "water"which Jesus said

sonal testimony to the divinity of the missionary literature we have. would be in us "... a well of water

mission of the Savior, and that this is I invite you to pray with me for a springing up into everlasting life."(John

his work, and that President David O. rich outpouring of the Holy Spirit, for 4:14.) We must obtain a continuing

McKay is his true representative here I would like to stimulate you to resolve supply of this water if we are to resist upon this earth in our day, and I do to read the Book of Mormon. As I evil and retain the blessings of being

it humbly in the name of the Lord Jesus speak, I shall have in mind particularly born again, as we were counseled to do

Christ. Amen. this fine group of young men and women by President McKay.

who are singing for us and all others The great overall struggle in the of their generation. world today is, as it has always been,

There are many reasons why we for the souls of men. Every soul is

should read the Book of Mormon. To personally engaged in the struggle, and

begin with, the Lord has put us under he makes the fight with what is in his obligation to do so. He said that he mind. In the final analysis the battlesent Moroni to reveal it (D&C 27:5) ground is, for each individual, within

and that through his mercy he had given himself. Inevitably he gravitates tothe Prophet Joseph "power from on wards the subjects of his thoughts. Ages

high... to translate [it]"(see ibid., ago the wise man thus succinctly put

1:29; 20:8); that it contains "... the this great truth: "For as he thinketh in truth and the word of God—"and "the his heart, so is he": (Proverbs 23:7.)

fulness of the gospel of Jesus Christ to If we would escape the lusts of the the Gentiles and to the Jews also."flesh and build for ourselves and for

(Ibid., 19:26; 20:9.) our children great and noble characters,

Nephi tells us that its contents "... we must keep in our minds and in their

shall go from generation to generation minds true and righteous principles for as long as the earth shall stand;... and our thoughts and their thoughts to

the nations who shall possess them shall dwell upon.

be judged of them according to the words We must not permit our minds to bewhich are written."(2 Nephi 25:22.) come surfeited with the interests, things,

there practices could and of the world imbe no more about us. To

for DRINK DEEPLY pellingFor mereason so reading the of do is tantamount to adopting Book and

FROM THE DIVINE Mormon than this statement of the Lord going along with them, for the exFOUNTAIN tenthat inweit.shall be judged by what is writperienceclusion ofofhimthewhoracesaidsustainsthat the conMoroni says that the very reason the

book has been given to us is that we "Vice is a monster of so frightful mien,

Marion G. Romney may know the "decrees of God"set As to he hated needs but to be seen;

of the Council of the Twelve forth therein and by obedience to them Yet seen too oft, familiar with her face, escape the calamities which are to folWe first endure, then pity, and then low disobedience. (Ether 2:11.) embrace."

My beloved brethren and sisters, I To the early Saints, the Lord spoke (Pope, Essay on Man, bear witness to the truth of all that rather sharply about remembering the epistle 11, line 217.)

Brother Lee has just said. As he talked, Book of Mormon. "Your minds in

I was reminded that my grandfather, times past,"he said to them, "have been If we would avoid adopting the evils

Miles Romney, heard the first missiondarkened because of unbelief, and heof the world, we must pursue a course aries, Heber C. Kimball, Orson Hyde, cause you have treated lightly the things which will daily feed our minds with

and Willard Richards, preach on the you have received—Which vanity and and call them back to the things of the

streets in Preston, England, in 1837. unbelief have brought the whole church spirit. I know of no better way to do

He heard them on Market Square; he under condemnation. And this conthis than by reading the Book of Morfollowed them to the Cockpit where demnation resteth upon the children of mon.

they did much of their preaching in Zion, even all. And they shall remain In all dispensations the Lord has

those early days. He joined the Church under this condemnation until they recounseled his people to keep in their

early in 1838, emigrated to Nauvoo in pent and remember the new covenant, minds and thoughts the truths he has 1842, and now has about 2500 descendeven the Book of Mormon and the revealed to them. To the early Saints

ants in the Church. former commandments which I have of this dispensation he said: "... let

I am tempted, in a way, to comment given them,..."(D&C 84:5457.) the solemnities of eternity rest upon

on my missionary labors of recent Prior to this he had already told them your minds."(D&C 43:34.) This counmonths, but will refrain from doing so that "the Book of Mormon and the holy sel followed his statement to the elders:

for fear I might miss some of them. In scriptures are given of me for your in- "... Ye are not sent forth to be taught,

the last twentysix months I have toured, struction."(Ibid., 33:16.) On another but to teach the children of men the

for which I am very grateful President occasion he had said, "... the elders, things which I have put into your hands

McKay, fifteen missions, fourteen of priests and teachers of this church shall by the power of my Spirit; And ye are

them beyond the borders of the United teach the principles of my gospel, which to be taught from on high...."(Ibid.,

States, eleven of them foreignspeaking are in the Bible and the Book of Mor43:15, 16.)

missions. Last October conference time mon,..."(Ibid., 42:12.) Instructing ancient Israel not to go

I was in Vienna. Last week I was in It is of course obvious that unless we after "... the gods of the people which

Sydney, Australia. I testify to you that read, study, and learn the principles [were] round about"you (Deut. 6:14),

the spirit is on the move in every one which are in the Book of Mormon, we, he said:

of the fifteen missions which I visited. the elders, priests, and teachers of "this "Hear, O Israel:...

One thing I can say about them all church,"cannot comply with this di- "And these words, which I command is that in every one of them I heard rection to teach them. thee this day, shall be in thine heart:

fervent testimony to the mighty power But there is another reason why we "And thou shalt teach them diligently of the Book of Mormon in bringing souls should read it: By doing so we will fill unto thy children, and shalt talk of

unto Christ. In my view, the Book of and refresh our minds with a constant them when thou sittest in thine house.

JUNE I960 435 and when thou walkest by the way, and ing the commandments of the Lord for dwell therein. The spirit of reverence

when thou liest down, and when thou behold he is mightier than all the earth, will increase, mutual respect and conrisest up. then why not mightier than Laban and sideration for each other will grow.

"And thou shalt bind them for a his fifty, yea, or even than his tens of The spirit of contention will depart.

sign upon thine hand, and they shall thousands?"(Ibid., 3:15 4:1.) Parents will counsel their children in

be as frontlets between thine eyes. If our young folks are traditioned in greater love and wisdom. Children will

"And thou shalt write them upon the the teachings of the Book of Mormon, be more responsive and submissive to posts of thy house, and on thy gates."they will not only be inspired with that counsel. Righteousness will in-

(Ibid., 6:4, 6-9.) righteous courage to choose the right crease. Faith, hope, and charity—the "Search the scriptures,"(John 5:39) by the example of Nephi, the "two pure love of Christ—will abound in our

said Jesus to his carping critics, who, thousand sons of Helaman,"and other homes and lives, bringing in their wake being surfeited with the things of this great characters of the book, they will peace, joy, and happiness.

world, rejected him. In the scriptures also be so schooled in the principles of That we will seek these blessings

they could, if they would, learn the the gospel of Jesus Christ that they will through reading the Book of Mormon, truth about him and the things of eternal know what is right. I humbly pray in the name of Jesus

life which he taught them. From almost every page of the book, Christ, our Redeemer. Amen.

The Psalmist thus recounts the rethere will come to them a moving testiwards which follow knowing and medimony that Jesus is indeed the Christ, tating upon the word of God: the Son of the Living God, our Re-

"O how love I thy law! it is my medideemer and Savior. This witness alone

tation all the day. will be a sustaining anchor in every

"Thou through thy commandments storm. In the Book of Mormon, they

hast made me wiser than mine enewill find the plainest explanation of mies:... Christ's divine mission and atonement

"I have more understanding than all to be found anywhere in sacred writ.

my teachers: for thy testimonies are my They will be familiar with the great

meditation. fundamental basic virtues; the Book of

"I understand more than the anMormon is full of instructions concerncients, because I keep thy precepts. ing them. They will have learned that

"I have refrained my feet from every "... to be carnallyminded is death, and

evil way, that I might keep thy word. to be spirituallyminded is life eternal"

"I have not departed from thy judg- (2 Nephi 9:39), that the Lord God dements: for thou hast taught me. lights in chastity and virtue which are

"How sweet are thy words unto my "... most dear and precious above all

taste! yea, sweeter than honey to my things,..."(Jacob 2:28, Moroni 9:9.)

mouth! They will know that a violation of this

"Through thy precepts I get undersacred principle is, in the sight of the standing: therefore I hate every false Lord, an "... abomination... above

way. all sins save it be the shedding of innofeet, cent blood word is a lamp "Thy unto my or denying the Holy Ghost."A MARVELOUS

a light 39:5.) (Almaand unto (Psalm my path."119:97105.) They will have learned the folly of WORK

I am persuaded, my brethren and putting their trust in the learning of sisters, that it is irrational to hope to men or in the riches of this world (2 escape the lusts of the world without Nephi 9:2830.) As a matter of fact, John Longden

substituting for them as the subjects of there is no fundamental virtue about Assistant to the Council of the Twelve our thoughts the things of the spirit, which they will not be taught, for in the and I know that the things of the spirit Book of Mormon, as has already been are taught with mighty power in the said, is to be found "the fulness of the "Now behold, a marvelous work is

Book of Mormon. I believe with all gospel of Jesus Christ."(D&C 19:26; about to come forth among the children

my heart, for example, that if our young 20:9.) of men.

people could come out of our homes And so, I counsel you, my beloved "Therefore, O ye that embark in the thoroughly acquainted with the life of brothers and sisters and friends everyservice of God, see that ye serve him

Nephi, imbued with the spirit of his where, to make reading in the Book of with all your heart, might, mind and courage and love of truth, they would Mormon a few minutes each day a lifestrength, that ye may stand blameless choose the right when a choice is placed long practice. All of us need continubefore God at the last day.

before them. ing close contact with the Spirit of the "Therefore, if ye have desires to serve

How marvelous it would be if, when Lord. We need to take the Holy Spirit God ye are called to the work;

they must make a decision, there would for our guide that we be not deceived. "For behold the field is white already

flash into their minds, from long and I am persuaded by my own experience to harvest; and lo, he that thrusteth in

intimate association with them, the and that of my loved ones, as well as his sickle with his might, the same words of Nephi: "I will go and do the by the statement of the Prophet Joseph layeth up in store that he perisheth not,

things which the Lord hath comSmith, that one can get and keep closer but bringeth salvation to his soul;

manded, for I know that the Lord giveth to the Lord by reading the Book of "And faith, hope, charity and love, no commandments unto the children of Mormon than by reading any other with an eye single to the glory of God, men, save he shall prepare a way for book. Don't be content with what somequalify him for the work.

them that they may accomplish the thing one else says about what is in it. Drink "Remember faith, virtue, knowledge,

which he commandeth them."(1 Nephi deeply from the divine fountain itself. temperance, patience, brotherly kind-

3:7.) I feel certain that if, in our homes, ness, godliness, charity, humility, diliAnd if, when the going gets rough parents will read from the Book of gence.

and temptation to abandon the course Mormon prayerfully and regularly, both "Ask, and ye shall receive; knock, and

of righteousness presses upon them, they by themselves and with their children, it shall be opened unto you. Amen."

would think of his plea to his wayward the spirit of that great book will come (D&C 4.)

brothers: "... let us be faithful in keepto permeate our homes and all who This is one of my favorite scriptures.

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I have noted that many of the speakers Then he was unashamed after he resionary farewell. It was a rich experiduring this conference have called atceived that affirmation and witness to ence. I learned that a faithful son from

tention to the revelations of the Lord be baptized and have hands laid upon out there had been called into the servto the Prophet Joseph Smith. This one his head to receive the gift of the Holy ice by Uncle Sam after filling his mission

was received fourteen months before the Ghost. He was unashamed to return for the Church. He became acquainted

Church was organized, for it was reto England where he assisted Elder Mark with a young man from Kansas who was corded in February of 1829. What a Austin in the conversion—or in teach- a staunch Baptist. This young mangreat declaration to make to the world! ing the gospel—to my parents that they had an inquiring mind. He was also

Joseph Smith knew there had been spirmight convert themselves. observant, and he was willing to listen

itual darkness, and it was revealed to A marvelous work has come forth. In and learn. Several Latterday Saint

him that a marvelous work was to come years gone by we have been on the deservicemen taught him the gospel. He

its a marvelous of fensive will everytruth a conviction because received Satan and has doneforth—not

in that thenote this thing—youis used. I thing the to thwart word "work"young his power work was baptized. He and man

am thankful for that word—that fourof the Lord. We are still on the defrom Tooele decided they would send

letter word "work."This is a Church of fensive for he is still endeavoring to some of their earnings from their Army

faith and works. weaken the faith and testimony of those pay each month back home to a misReference has been made to another whose lives have been touched by the sionary fund, to help support some

revelation bearing on the subject of the gospel. If we continue working at missionary. After they were released

restoration of the gospel, the first section building faith and testimony, he will they learned that this money had been of the Doctrine and Covenants: not have power over this work. This is untouched, and the idea came to them

"Proclamation of warning and comevidenced by the number of stakes that that this converted Baptist might go mandment to the Church and to the have been established in spite of his into the mission field to share with inhabitants of the earth at large—The buffetings—294 stakes, some 2400 wards, others the joy that had come into his

authority of the Priesthood in this disover 300 branches, in the stakes of Zion; life, so he accepted a call to serve as

pensation attested—Second advent of the fiftyone missions and the many branches a missionary.Lord Jesus Christ foretold—Authenticity and districts contained therein. I shall always remember the testiof the Book of Mormon affirmed."In all parts of the Church we have mony that he bore that night at his

This revelation was given November of many men who are anxious and willing farewell. As he looked down into the

1831 after the Church had been orto bear witness to this marvelous work, congregation and saw there many young ganized and set up, as we learned today that it is the work of the Lord, not a people with whom he had been affiliated from President David O. McKay. thing of man. It was deeply stirring to while in the service of his country,

Yes, a marvelous work has taken listen to the reports of fortytwo mission some of them now married, one or two place, and the authority of the priestpresidents in the temple a week ago with babes in arms, he said, "I am hood in this dispensation has been atTuesday—men from all vocations, willthankful tonight that I had the opportested. It was humbling to hear ing to serve the Lord, to be shepherds, tunity of meeting with you and learning

Brother Lee speak of the little town in if you please, of your sons and daughters, of these glorious truths, but more imwhich I was born which is now part of all of whom are united in the desire to portant, I want to testify to you that had a stake of Zion. I recall being told of serve God, to thrust in their sickle that you kicked over the traces just once, I

the missionaries calling in this town at the inhabitants of the earth might be would not be here tonight."They had

the home of my parents, sixtyfour years warned, the authority of the priesthood preached the gospel by their actions as ago. Elder Mark Austin was one, willattested, and the authenticity of the Book well as by their words!

ing to leave his home here and the of Mormon affirmed. The faithfulness Do we fully appreciate the influence

comforts and conveniences to carry this of these fine men and women who are that we have in the lives of others? It

glorious message—this marvelous work bringing to pass the fulfilment of lattersurely was called to my attention as I

to affirm the authenticity of the Book day revelation is most heartwarming. listened to his witness and testimony.

of Mormon to the people of that land. I do not underestimate what has been We must continually work at being

There was another missionary who accomplished in the past—in fact, I Latterday Saints.

had an influence in the lives of my parsalute the leaders through the years I bear you my witness that a marvelents—a Methodist minister, who was since Joseph Smith made his declaraous work truly has come forth. There

their neighbor. He told a group at one tion, "a marvelous work is about to come is nothing like it in the world. It is

time that he was coming over to Amerforth,"but I recognize too that today the pattern for living. The Lord has

ica to convert the Mormons, and he paid there is just as much faith and devogiven us a safeguard, the authority of his own expenses to try to do that. He tion in the children of God who are the priesthood. We may know of the

became acquainted with Elder James willing to serve and to spread these authenticity of the Book of Mormon if

Paxman, with whom I had the opporglorious truths and to build up his kingwe will but study its contents. Ws.

tunity to be associated on the high dom. have the power of the Holy Ghost which

council of the Highland Stake. Elder Just six months ago last Sunday night will guide into further light and truth

Paxman was the patriarch of that stake.—the Sunday night of general conferand knowledge. I humbly pray thatBefore coming to Salt Lake City he had ence in October—it was our privilege to we will constantly recognize the imlived in Nephi, Utah. be invited to Tooele to attend a misportance of this marvelous work and

This Methodist minister some way got wonder and will ever be found furtherto Nephi, where he had several gospel ing it, teaching it, living it, that others conversations with James Paxman and may see our good works and glorify our one or two others. He was heard to Father in heaven, and his Son, Jesus

make the statement, "It will be a cold Christ. I bear witness that they live,

day when I join the Mormon Church"Reading is to the mind, what exerthat Joseph Smith was and is a Prophet and it was! It was a day in January in cise is to the body. As by the one, of God, as are those who have succeeded

Nephi, Utah. They had to break the health is preserved, strengthened, him down to President David O. McKay

ice to baptize him. Why? Because he and invigorated; by the other, virtue, today.

witness. desire bless received a had received us with the and He May Godhad

gospel glorious of to do, light to accomplish, the eye which which is the health of the mind, is spirit an withthe banished darkness and untruth and half kept alive, cherished, and confirmed. single to his glory, I humbly pray in the

truths. The authenticity of the Book of—Joseph Addison, The Tattler, name of the Lord Jesus Christ, our

Mormon had been affirmed to him. No. 147 Savior. Amen.

JUNE I960 437 sisters sent word to Jesus to come. He Magdalene followed. As Peter and

procrastinated his coming. Lazarus John entered the sepulchre, they found

died and was buried. Four days later it empty. They also found the burial

Jesus arrived. Martha heard that he clothing folded neatly. And then the

was coming and ran out to meet him. apostles left the sepulchre and returned

She said: to Jerusalem.

"Lord, if thou hadst been here, my But Mary Magdalene lingered near brother had not died. the door of the sepulchre weeping bit-

"Jesus saith unto her, Thy brother terly. She felt the presence of somebody

shall rise again. near who she thought was the caretaker

"Martha saith unto him, I know that of the garden. The Personage near said,

he shall rise again in the resurrection at "Woman, why weepest thou? whom

the last day."seekest thou?"

And then Jesus made this memorable And she said, and marvelous statement: "Sir, if thou have borne him hence,

"... I am the resurrection, and the tell me where thou hast laid him, and

life: he that bclieveth in me, though he I will take him away."(John 20:15.)

were dead, yet shall he live: And then in his affectionate and

"And whosoever liveth and believeth beautiful way, Jesus said, "Mary."She

in me shall never die. Bclievest thou recognized the voice of the Master. She

"Rabhoni."Lord. "Yea, exclaimed, him, answered,."towards Martha MAN WILL LIVE this?"(Ibid., 11:21, 2326.) brushed her tears away and, running I know,.. to embrace she said, "But about furthermore As she was And AGAIN that even now, whatsoever thou wilt Master said, him, the

ask of God, God will give it thee.""Touch me not; for I am not yet

(Ibid., 11:27, 22.) ascended to my Father: but go to my

Milton R. Hunter Mary arrived about this time with brethren, and say unto them, I ascend

of the First Council of the Seventy ideas similar to those which had been unto my Father, and your Father; and

expressed by Martha. to my God, and your God."(Ibid.,

Jesus asked to be taken to the grave 20:17.)

"If a man die, shall he live again?"where Lazarus was buried. When they Thus Jesus Christ had come into

(Job. 14:14.) arrived at the grave, the Master told mortality and had fulfilled the purpose

From the beginning of human history, those present to take the stone from for which he had been foreordained. He

millions and millions of people in all the mouth of the cave in which Lazarus'had shed his blood for the sins of the nations of the earth have been conbody had been placed. Jesus'spirit world both in Gethsemane and on the

fronted with this question. Deep in the groaned deeply within him, and then cross. Now he had broken the bands

heartlive—notof everyonly topersonlive aislongthe timedesirehereto hehis prayedFather.in Aftersinceritypraying,and humility"he criedto offruitsdeath,of thetherebyresurrection.becomingAs thehe rosefirst

in mortality, but also to rise from the with a loud voice, Lazarus come forth."from the grave, so shall all people who

grave. To have immortality, or to live (Ibid., 11:43.) Although Lazarus had live upon this earth rise from the grave.

forever, is an innate desire or belief been dead for four days, he came from In fact, we read in Matthew, that at in the hearts of all mortals. the tomb. This marvelous event gives the time Jesus rose from the grave,

Religions that have offered great satisdefinite evidence that if a man die, he "And the graves were opened; and

faction to the worshipers are those that is not dead—he will live again. many bodies of the saints which slept

have had strong doctrines of the imOn several occasions during Christ's arose, mortality of man. Especially in times ministry, he raised the dead, thereby "And came out of the graves after his

of sorrow and bereavements have they giving additional evidence that man will resurrection, and went into the holy city, been able to offer comfort to those in live again. and appeared unto many."(Matt. 27:52distress. On a beautiful Sunday morning, about 53.)

Christianity has as its center a real, this time of the year, according to the Perhaps the Book of Mormon gives historical Personage—a SaviorGod—in Gospels of Matthew, Mark, and Luke, the most beautiful account of the appearJesus the Christ, the Only Begotten Son at the break of day Mary Magdalene, ance of Christ to mortals following his

of the Eternal Father. All the pagan Mary, the mother of the Lord, and resurrection. A terrific storm for three

rivals of Christianity had mythological other women whom Jesus loved, went hours and intense darkness for three saviorgods. According to their myths, to the sepulchre where the Master's body days and nights, which occurred while

some of the pagan gods were not enhad been laid to anoint his body with Christ's body was on the cross and in tirely moral. Thus Christianity had a spices. They desired to give his body the tomb, were now over. It was a

great advantage over all contemporary a more proper burial. Upon arriving at beautiful, sunny day, appropriate for the

religions. the tomb, they found that the huge rock symbol of Jesus'being the light and the

Jesus taught, "I am the light and the had been rolled away and the door was life of the world.

life of the world."(3 Nephi 11:11; see open. They entered the sepulchre and The people in the Land of Bountiful

also John 8:12.) "I am the resurrection, saw a young man—an angel—-sitting had assembled in front of the temple.

and the life."(John 11:25.) "In him there. He was They were discussing the various marvelwas life; and the life was the light of "... clothed in a long white garous events which had taken place durmen."(Ibid., 1:4.) ment.... ing the few previous days, especially

In him we find life and that eternally; "And he saith unto them, Be not those things pertaining to Jesus Christ.

and for this purpose he came into the affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, Suddenly they heard a voice speak as

world. which was crucified: he is risen; he is though it came out of the heavens. It

These marvelous teachings can be not here...."(Mark 16:5-6.) was not a harsh voice. Neither was it

illustrated by the example of the death They left the sepulchre, hurried back a loud voice. Nevertheless it pierced

of Lazarus. As you recall, he was the to Jerusalem, and reported the resurrecthem to their very hearts, "causing their

brother of Martha and Mary whom tion of Jesus to Peter and John. Accordhearts to burn within them."(3 Nephi

Jesus loved greatly. On a certain occaing to the Gospel of John, these two 11:3.) At first they did not understand

sion, Lazarus became very ill. The apostles ran to the tomb, and Mary what the voice said.

438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA They gazed heavenward and heard among the Jews. For several days he he shall stand at the latter day upon

the voice the second time and then the ministered to the inhabitants of anthe earth. And though after my skin

third. This time they understood the cient America. worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh

voice, and it said unto them: On one of these occasions, he asked shall I see God."(Job 19:2526.) I

"Behold my Beloved Son, in whom Nephi to bring to him the records of know, as Amulek testified, as recorded in

I am well pleased, in whom I have his people. After he had glanced Alma, that every man, woman, and

glorified said: records, ye him. through the child, female, he male my and and free, bond name—hear

"... as they understood they cast I say "Verily you, righteous unto wicked, the and through the I commanded

their eyes up again towards heaven; my servant Samuel, the Lamanite, that atonement of Jesus Christ—through hisand behold, they saw a Man descending he should testify unto his people, that grace—will rise from the grave and will

out of heaven; and he was clothed in a at the day that the Father should glorify receive immortality. I am also conwhite robe;..."(Ibid., 11:7-8.) his name in me that there were many vinced that each person will stand beHe descended from the heavens, and saints who should arise from the dead, fore the judgment seat of the Messiah

stood in their midst, and said: and should appear unto many, and to be judged for the life lived here in

"Behold, I am Jesus Christ, whom the should minister unto them. And he mortality. We will be held accountable

prophets testified shall come into the said unto them: Was it not so? for every action that we commit, for

world. "And his disciples answered him and every word that we speak, and for every

"And behold, I am the light and the said: Yea, Lord, Samuel did prophesy thought that we think.

life of the world; and I have drunk out according to thy words, and they were Furthermore, I bear witness that Jesus

of that bitter cup which the Father hath all fulfilled."(Ibid., 23:9-10.) Christ not only through his atonement

given me, and have glorified the Father Christ admonished the Nephites for gave us immortality, but also through in taking upon me the sins of the neglecting to record these important the gospel plan of salvation provided a world,... (Ibid., 11:1011.) predictions and their fulfilment. He means whereby we may gain eternal

The people fell upon their knees and commanded Nephi that "it should be life. If we are faithful in keeping God's

worshiped him. And then Jesus said written; therefore it was written."Percommandments, being sufficiently obediunto them: haps Jesus desired that those important ent in all things, we shall rise in the

"Arise and come forth unto me, that events should be recorded as a testimony resurrection and return to the presence ye may thrust your hands into my side, for the people in the latter days to help of the Father and the Son and receive and also that ye may feel the prints of us know that if a man dies, he will live a glorious exaltation or eternal life. May

the nails in my hands and in my feet, again. God bless us that we may do so, I humthat ye may know that I am the God of One of the greatest events, if not the bly pray, in Jesus'name. Amen.

Israel, and the God of the whole earth, most important event that ever occurred and have been slain for the sins of the in ancient America was the appearance world,..."(Ibid., 11:1011.) of the resurrected Savior to the inThus Jesus Christ presented himself habitants of this land. The story of the

to the Nephitcs as the resurrected Mesmarvelous events connected therewith siah and Savior of the human family. are beautifully told in Third Nephi.

The people went to Jesus and thrust The Nephites apostatized from the their hands into his side and felt the true religion Christ taught them and prints of the nails in his hands and later as a nation were destroyed, and the feet. Then they shouted, "Hosanna! Lamanites became a degenerate, pagan,

Blessed be the name of the Most High apostate people. Yet from age to age

Godr (Ibid., 11:17.) And they fell at many of the principal ideas relative to

Jesus'feet and worshiped him. Christ and his visit to ancient America

After this occurred, Jesus selected persisted.

twelve men to be his apostles. He Following the discovery of America,

taught them and the other Nephites the Europeans visited various tribes of the gospel. The resurrected Savior perIndians. From them they learned that

formed many marvelous miracles among practically every tribe had a strong them, even greater than he had done tradition regarding the appearance to their ancestors of the white and bearded

God. He had given the progenitors of

the American Indians their culture and their religion. So deep was the impression made by Christ upon the minds

ofdescendants—thethe ancient Americans,various Indianthattribestheir retained the principal details of the hisEXCESS BAGGAGE

tory and teachings of the resurrected

Messiah.

The Spanish Catholic fathers found Henry D. Taylor

that the religion of the American InAssistant to the Council of the Twelve dians was so much like Christianity that the claim was made that "the wicked devil had beaten the Catholic My brethren and sisters, I have come fathers to the New World and had put to know how it feels to be the last leaf a counterfeit Christian religion in the on the tree.

hearts of the Indians."A study of the I am grateful for my membership in

religion of the American Indians seems the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday to indicate that in some respects their Saints, and with these other Brethren,

Christianity was almost as true as that I bear my witness that I know that the of the European conquerors. gospel is true, and that this Church is

My dear brethren and sisters, "... I led by divine and inspired leadership.

know that my redeemer liveth, and that I rejoice in the growth of the Church.

JUNE I960 439 As Brother Lee reported on the organizafaultfinding, backbiting, and judging Savior so perfectly that we should tion of a stake in England, and we heard harshly. All these are excess baggage strive to perfect in ourselves, is that of

from Brother Stapley and Brother Romand we shall have to pay dearly for tolerance, that is, a willingness to be ney of the organization of a stake in them. longsuffering, patient, to appreciate anAustralia, I was reminded of some In contrast there are certain basic, other's point of view. Let us be strict

prophetic words by President McKay. essential characteristics or traits which and critical with ourselves, but lenient

Sometime ago, as President and Sister are very desirable. They constitute and tolerant with others.

McKay returned from New Zealand legitimate or necessary baggage on our With the passing of each day we after the dedication of the temple there, life's journey. One is love, love for our travel along our journey, some improvemany of us met them at the InternaFather in heaven, love for fellow men ment should be found in our lives. As

tional Airport in Los Angeles. President and neighbors. The Savior taught, "But a woman testified in a prayer meeting,

John M. Russon of Los Angeles Stake I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless "I ain't what I ought to be; and I ain't

and I were walking with President them that curse you, do good to them what I'm gonna be; but anyway, I ain't

McKay from the plane toward the that hate you, and pray for them which what I was."

terminal, when he stopped us and said, despitefullv use you, and persecute you."The Savior set us the example. We

"Brethren, next Thursday when the First (Matt. 5:44.) should earnestly strive to pattern our

Presidency and the Council of the Someone has said, "Be kind to your lives after his. If we do this, we will

Twelve meet, I am going to recommend enemies, for you are the one who made discard those qualities that constitute that a stake be organized in New Zeathem."excess baggage. We will carry with us

land."He continued, "You know, we One of the most beautiful stories of only those characteristics that are essenlive in a jetage, and with these fast love, loyalty, and devotion, related in tial and that will permit us to continue

planes it will be possible for the Genthe scriptures is that of Ruth. It seems our journey unencumbered.

eral Authorities to travel swiftly to any that there was a famine in the land of The poet Henry Van Dyke has given part of the world, to visit stakes as they Bethlehem. A certain man took his us these words of counsel regarding our

are organized."wife, Naomi and their two sons and way of living:

Now we have seen those words fuljourneyed to the land of Moab. The "To be glad of life because it gives

filled not only in New Zealand but also husband became ill and passed away, you the chance to love and to work and within the last week in England and leaving his widow and the two boys. to play, and look up at the stars; to be

Australia. Subsequently the two sons married Moab satisfied with your possessions, but not

Rather recently I enjoyed my first exgirls, but within ten years'time, both contented with yourself until you have perience of traveling on a jetpropelled of the sons also died. Naomi felt immade the best of them; to despise nothing

plane. It was amazing the speed at pressed that she should return to her in the world except falsehood and meanwhich we traveled. Less than two hours homeland in Bethlehem. Her two ness and to fear nothing except cowardafter leaving Denver, we were in Chidaughters-inlaw expressed a desire to ice; to be governed by your admirations

cago. Prior to departure we were reaccompany her. But Naomi encouraged rather than by your disgusts; to covet

quired to place our luggage on a pair them to return to their former homes, nothing that is your neighbor's except of scales. If the weight was under forty friends, and loved ones. One left, but his kindness of heart and gentleness of

pounds the amount allowed each pasthe other, whose name was Ruth, overmanners; to think seldom of your enesenger, a green light flashed. But if came Naomi's objections, when she utmies, often of your friends, and every

the weight exceeded forty pounds, a red tered these tender and memorable words: day of Christ; and spend as much time

light flashed, and a bell rang. The "Intreat me not to leave thee, or to as you can with body and with spirit

weight exceeding the allowance is conreturn from following after thee: for in God's outof-doors. These are little

sidered excess baggage and a penalty whither thou goest, I will go; and where guide posts on the footpath of peace."

or additional charge is levied. When thou lodgest, I will lodge: thy people May we all live so that our life's

the red light flashes, one begins to conshall be my people, and thy God my journey may be pleasant and we can sider the unnecessary articles he could God: obtain the peace of God which passeth

have left behind, such as an extra pair "Where thou diest, will I die, and all understanding, I humbly pray, in of shoes, for example. there will I be buried: the Lord do so the name of Jesus Christ, our Savior.

The thought occurred to me that this to me, and more also, if ought but death Amen.

earth life is also a rapid flight or jourpart thee and me."(Ruth 1:1617.)

ney. We are traveling toward a deSelf-control is a very valuable asset

sirable destination, that of eternal life to possess on life's journey. The ability

and exaltation. Now the Lord has said, to control one's temper, one's tongue,

"Forglory—tobehold,bringthisto ispassmytheworkimmortalityand my Asone'spointedthoughtsout isin highlyProverbs:commendable.

and eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.) "He that is slow to anger is better

ruleth the he that mighty; and perfect, than to goal be should become Our his HOW DARK THE VIEW spirit (Prov. taketh a city."is perfect. he that than in Father as our heaveneven

It would be well in early life to select 16:32.)

and make secure the characteristics and Another excellent quality is a forgivby P. C. Peterson, Jr.

traits needed for this journey of life, ing nature and disposition. The Lord

discarding the ones which are harmful has admonished us to be ever ready and which might be classed as excess and willing to forgive our fellow man. How dark the view when I am blue

baggage. We can then be sure as we In these latter days he has counseled: And cannot look aliead.

continue our journey, that the green "Wherefore, I say unto you, that ye When hope seems gone, I still trudge light and not the red one will be flashought to forgive one another; for he on

ing. that forgiveth not his brother his tresWith soul so full of dread.

What are some of the traits which passes standeth condemned before the for there remaineth as excess in him baggage on Lord; regardedmight be feel as to the It soothes bowed I kneel

sin. greater perfection? journey towardour To is there above That One I will will Lord, "I, the hate few: anger and a and but forgive whommention

the holding of grudges, a hot temper forgive, but of you it is required to forWho knows my care, and bids me and a quick tongue, envy, jealousy, and give all men."(D&C 64:9-10.) share

greed, a critical attitude resulting in One of the virtues possessed by the The comfort of his love.

440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA help make this conference a success. Third, in your behalf, I express apMany of them traveled at their own preciation for the cooperation of the

expense. Let me just repeat the groups: city officials; the city traffic officers,

Saturday night in this tabernacle, we especially, in their expert handling of had the Portland Stake priesthood chorus the increased traffic; to the fire departat the priesthood meeting, under the ment, on hand for any emergency; to

direction of Elder Bruce Kelly. Fiftythe Red Cross members, whom you see

three thousand members of the priestaround, ready to take care of anybody hood heard their inspirational singing who might suddenly be taken ill.

Saturday night over a closed circuit I have mentioned already our ushers in 244 buildings throughout the United who have rendered service in seating the

States, Canada, and Mexico. great audiences of these conference sesOn Sunday, we had the Tabernacle sions.

Choir at the Sunday sessions, under the We must not forget to thank the radio direction of Elder Richard P. Condie. and television stations. Throughout our

You remember that inspiring day. own city and the nation they have carOn Monday, the Mormon Choir of ried the sessions of this conference, and

Southern California sang at the two have been the means of permitting unsessions under the direction of Elder H. told thousands of people to hear the

Davis. Frederick exmost conference proceedings—the "DID NOT YOUR night, in the Tabernacle, we Monday coverage tensive television and radio

HEARTS BURN....?"had the Salt Lake Valley Regional Misever given the Church.

meeting. at missionary the sion Choir, for the appreciation express Again, we Address) (Closing of direction the small under chorus This this beautified lovely flowers that have

in the Mueller, sang hymns Elder Rudy our during building assemblies—scores different tongues. O. President David McKay spent of have of the Church members Univerthe Brigham Young Today, flowers these picking in and hours many

dithe Choruses, under sity Combined to for shipment getting ready in them

B. and of Dr. rection Newell Weight University ComYoung Brigham The City. sweet Salt thousand Lake Ten

singing. the L. Earl, furnished We Don the furnished have Chorusesbined direction the gathered under peas were

of inspiration and recipients the are this morning's session for andmusic of Arizona, of Mesa, David M. Hansen

groups. various these blessing from appreour express tosession. wish of the of aid the youth Wethis the with Mesa

the from thank members While we andciation these to women young men in of the seminaries. Church Members

are not University, we Young Brigham University.of Young Brigham We of sent stakes quantity a Phoenix the

others. all the of unmindful hours spent have they that manyknow sent States Mission stocks. Southern The appreciation express to also I wish gone that have in practice thein weeks gladioli. thirty Oakdozen The some

all in any gratitude to have and who inspiratheir could enjoy that soby we lilies, sent cala Stake landBerkeley this of success to the contributed way young singing. thank youtional fifty We sent dozen Stake the and Tacoma

First, to the General conference. great forth. efforts putfolks have for you the daffodils, kindness the and through

appreciation express deep Authorities we that inspiration for grateful the are Daffodil of ValleyWe generosity Puyallup they have inspirational messages for the includconference, this given haveyou is alFestival, Inc., Tacoma, Washington. us. conference given The latest in to listening beening all have who

this best, really the said to but be ways of you! are proudthis program. We near walking were day, two men One I think conference best the we been has all of our to proud be reason haveWe far Jerusalem, not a from town Emmaus, held. ever have exceptions. a people few withyoung their appeared a by suddenly and man I appreciation express like to should I repeat, I said, and frequently have side. him. recognize did not They reporters press the public the to and folks. our in confidence young havewe said, left not After "Did they them, he reports fair accurate for their and their parisIt adults as and our duty?"... (Luke us within heart our burn confersessions of the the throughout the in example proper set aents to them incitells us that about 24:32.) Luke ence. is It responsiour in society. andhome of after inquired dent, he had many

with our our childrenbility to impress people who had had some intimacy with in the gospelsincerity in our belief of Jesus.

parents should Never'Christ.Jesus

this in are there I think that many gospel the and about thingteach one

I hope congregation, and who many suscepare very another. Childrendo

radio listening over and been have insincerity.tible to

hearts their television have had who for folk the Yes, young thank you we lisas they have within them""burn forth. oureffort put have May you

singinspirational to the only tened not as go protect you Father youHeavenly testimonies, ing, to the and sublime but ever he to and homes, yourback may

I withhearts their as have burned hope service unselfish for you thebless you the realized message in that they them, the cherish shall rendered.have We

I hearts. their they into hope that went singing inspirational of yourmemory

least, of inkling, at divine the an have this day. us giventhat have you

of are sons that and they truth God, also, our express, I like to should just that that within burning was them 2,000 approximately to theappreciation and between a touch them of harmony California, andsingers Utah, from

Spirit infinite, of the the which God special presented have Oregon who our quicken will our minds, enlighten general this formusic conference—two all things to bring understandings, and singers have furnishedthousand who

music for the Primary conference sesour remembrance.

sions, for the priesthood meeting, and If we were just animals, we should

Sunday School conference! Freely have never have a feeling of that kind. That

they given of their time and talents to is evidence that man has a greater

JUNE I960 441

destiny than just a mere animal life. he has revealed in this dispensation the

That is a touch of the spirit! Every man gospel of Jesus Christ to the Prophet

who has sensed that has a testimony Joseph Smith. Have you not felt that,

himself and every woman also has a too, this conference? We have never

testimony herself, that man is a dual held a greater conference.

being. He has a body, just as all other I bear you that testimony that I know

animals have. But he has something whereof I speak; that we must live in

that comes only from his Father in the spirit and get power thereby to overheaven, and he is entitled, is susceptible come the lusts of the flesh as enumerto whisperings, susceptible to influences ated here by a man who knew. And

from his Divine Parent, through the you know, and the happier you will

Holy Ghost, the medium between us be if you live above the flesh. Conand God the Father and his Son Jesus quer the animal within you when you

Christ. are tempted to scold or find fault with

This has been in a remarkable manyour wife or with your husband. Conner, spiritual an outstanding conference. deal trol to tempers if prompted yourNOW] try

I should like to say that; child. a word about unjustly Young with a wayward

it came to me last evening: The highest men and young women, conquer your

acquisition of the soul we have experiown desires and obey your parents. Do

S, enced—the spiritual, the divine in man; not think that they are oldfashioned.

the supreme crowning gift that makes They are more experienced than you.

him king of all created beings. SpirituLove them, be kind to them.

ality is the consciousness of victory over God bless those who have given the self, the consciousness of being above the messages of this conference. They have

passions, whether in anger or jealousy or risen to heights sublime.

envy, or hatred. To feel that you can May he bless us all that we may go

be above those animallike feelings, is home with a firmer resolve than we to experience spirituality, and every man have ever had before to live the y gospel and woman whose heart burned when of Jesus Christ; to be kind to our neighhe or she heard the testimony of these bors, honest in our dealings, so that

brethren, experienced that spirituality. men seeing our good works may be led

It is the realization of communion with to glorify our Father which is in heaven,

Deity. No higher attainment can be I pray, in the name of Jesus Christ.

reached than that. Amen.

Remember what Paul said? "This I

say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh.

"For flesh the lusteth against the BELIEVEST THOU THE Spirit, Spirit the and against the flesh:

and these are contrary the one to the PROPHETS?

other: so that ye cannot do the things

that ye would. by Hazel M. Thomson

"Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery (the ReTo those who heard the prophets

vised Version leaves that out, but it long ago does not leave fornication), out it easy to reject, en masse, found fornicaAnd tion, uncleanness, lasciviousness. of great they were warned When "... hatred, variance, emulations,

wrath, strife,... heresies (I am not events we know

reading it all), That since that time have surely "Envyings,... drunkenness, revellings, come to pass;

and such like: of the which I tell you We feel derision that they were so

before, as I have also told you in time blind, past, that they which do such things So occupied with pleasures of the shall not inherit the kingdom of God. day,

"But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, So deaf to truth they felt no need peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodto find ness, faith, The strength, the faith, to walk the "Meekness, temperance: against such better way.

there is no law.

The Good Housekeeping "And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections And yet, to us with this same choice

Seal g uarantees and lusts. again,

Rancho's "If we live in the Spirit, let us also So well aware of prophecies fulgoodness! walk1925.)in the Spirit."(Gal. 5:1, 16, 17, Hisfilled,servants even yet may speak in

We have had testimonies during this vain, conference, the testimony Spirit, of the by \ Guaranteed fv

Housekeeping Good that are children Father. of our we We Aswilled.stubbornly we walk as we have

have testimony that living had is a God

Being. We have had testimony that Though prophecies have been or are

Christ is at the head of his Church. to be,

Have you not felt that testimony? We Still we, like they, in darkness fail 7 have had testimony of the Spirit that to see.

DELICIOUS VARIETIES!

442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fl '?:-? s "iWSsja-: sis

w W

if \

Tired of fabrics that come out of your automatic harsh and scratchy? Then you're ready for White King Soap

For this is the washday product that removes only dirt -even deepdown dirtyet leaves the gentle softness in

Rinses clear, too - leaves none of the harsh deposits of ordinary washday products that stiffen fabrics. No wonder more of

hard water problem? Try the easy White King 1-2 way. (White King

your neighbors use White King Soap - QualiiYWater Softener intheWest Conditioner and White King Soap). Softens water and saves

3r year5 upyou to onehalf on soap. See package for directions. all than other laundry i96o soaps combined.

JUNE I960 443 The Language of the Book of Mormon can lose we (Continued from page 389) 1 appeared, after his death, from 1836 to 1846. But until Max Muller

his Science the Lectures on of with SURE MEAL in 1861 gave the first series of of of the Language most the work linguists was "difficult of access except to the specialist."The first

edition of Whitney's and Language x *. 'jt y Control the did not apStudy Language of

.-* Weight Your until \ pear 1867.

you When have If the of testimony Reduce Joseph Smith your witnesses the the concerning deand with S siredreachedweight, continue to is use of of origin the Book one Mormon SURE MEAL Meal y once each day this will true, the con- (Indians) Lamanites—Sure /

It's sure! safe and help you to maintain a / good inherit to tinued the undoubtedly It cuts calorie your nutritional f balance also and help intake—while maintainyou to keep the intake of calories language which had been "handed

ing your vigor and hea'th under control. If you gain with down and altered by us according

nutrition. proper through one Sure Meal, you can cut the to of speech,"our they and manner

calories in is scientifically your Sure Meal a ordinary meals or still it in forms. speak a modern By use two else! or three Sure planned Meals a day food—nothing of comparison Egyptian for and short Hebrew periods to bring about slowly or rapidly can reduce You

the control it the languages Indian with should it when you use with Meal Sure can—You—use Meal there's countno lost until 3 times have you a linguists you—want day for deterpossible to be

all for done you! all \ ing of part substantial the or J Surecalories—it's a that the Indian are tongues mine

lose. to weight want you

of forms Egyptian modern and results use best range long For

Sure Meal twice a day with skim Hebrew or of a mixture of Egyptian milk or powdered milk and have and Hebrew? And if such a relaone other low calorie meal each tionship is not proved, is the lack of

day, until taken off the have you such proof damaging to the claim to lose. wish you\ weight

of the Book of Mormon to divine authenticity? V

In answering these questions, let us consider whether the relationship could be determined under favorable

Feel Save Money circumstances and, then, let us inBetter Sure Meal costs less than the ordiquire whether the circumstances are favorable. it nary replaces, meal at and the weight I no had

time, same you can sure the late Antoine Meillet, be at professor I enbut problem, will meal be nutritiously sound. just Meal the of College Sure of France joy and one

serving of One Sure oz.) Meal use I (% it's good. because linguists, greatest world's the says,

1 when mixed with of cup milk regularly it breakfast for difficulty concerning will in deterone furnish the normal individual along drink as a sometimes and with the essential food elements the relationship mining It two to between helps meals. other with my for one complete consisting meal essential the with supply body languages: my

of meat, vegetables, butbread and minvitamins elements, and food separated "Between widely two ter, a beverage. and pep. for I more erals that needed

in the of moments development one If you can afford to eat you—Sure Meal."better with feel "I the linguistic the language, and same afford can SURE MEAL!

type may change completely....

>*, %*. Language relationship, the expression of an historic fact, implies

If you just want to try SURE MEAL, send for the 20meal size. But if you nothing in common, however slight,

between the languages considered."5

have a lot of weight to lose, order the economical 40meal size at only $9.00, Whenever two languages have deor the case of 6-40meal containers for only $45.00. veloped so far apart as to have

"nothing in common, however slight,"only the knowledge of the unbroken

Don Lyman & Associates I may be interested in selling SURE MEAL [ history of both from a common an-

E. 9th South 1087

City, Salt Lake Utah Free Delivery Phone EM 3-9674 cestor or of one from the other can

Please send Vanilla Q Defatted Chocolate substantiate the fact of their relationship, unless or documonuments

SURE MEAL Bland Butterscotch fj are extant ments which and known 20 Meal Size $ 4.75 Name preserve the stages of their divergent

40 Meal Size 9.00 Address development from the moment of

6-40 Meal Size (Case).... 45.00 fj City and State

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TAKEreceives complete service and WEYour foreign car extrathorough lubrication at the sign of the Chevron.

We go to school to learn the best ways to care for all cars from bumper to bumper. And the service procedures

and lubricants we use are approved by auto makers throughout the world.

In any language, our service spells satisfaction.

You can count on us for clean rest rooms, a sparkling windshield, free insideout tire inspections, and many other conveniences that make driving more comfortable.

They are just some of the reasons why every independent survey shows motorists rate the service at the sign of the Chevron "best in the West."

CARE OF YOUR In any engine, the best CARoil is our RPM Supreme... the motor oil used by motorists in many countries

for supreme engine protection. Its DetergentAction

compounding keeps parts so clean, protects them so well, engines can outlast the car itself!

At the sign of the Chevron Standard Stations Chevron Dealers

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

JUNE I960 445 their separation down to the time of the their of period comparison. The Quality of Loyalty case is theThis for English and Russian. Meillet continues:

"In the present state of things, Richard L. Evans

English and Russian are two languages of absolutely distinct types, Refore we conclude these comments on qualities and it is hardly possible to discover of character, there are some that should not be a few elements of similarity of THE overlooked, including the quality of loyalty. Loyvocabulary; this does not prevent SPOKEN alty is essential in every worthy relationship of life:

them from being two IndoEuropean WORD in families; among friends; between teammates;

languages; the proof lies in the fact between employer and employee; loyalty to those who work for

that Modern English continues Old us, and with us, and loyalty to those who provide employment.

English, and Modern Russian, Old When we work for someone in honorable employment, we should

Russian, and the comparison of Old give full service—for only by the success and solvency of conEnglish and Old Russian is directly structive ventures can there be assurance of security. So long as

demonstrable, and especially is it we receive benefits from an honorable source, we should be loyal easy to prove that the Germanic to it, and contribute to its success. Like other essential qualities

group of which English forms a part of character, loyalty gives the assurance of what we can count and the Slav group of which Russian on. It gives the assurance that friends will not faintheartedly fade

forms a part, are both forms taken from us at the first failure of fair weather. This does not mean

by the common IndoGermanic lanthat a person should protect another person in evil, or in violation guage. As long as two languages of law, but should insist on fair presentation of facts. Significantly,

of the same family survive, they can- a search would show that "loyalty"comes from the same word root not cease to belong to the same famas "law,"and these words are associated in dictionary definition:

ily, no matter what changes they "Faithful and true to the lawful government... true to any person

may undergo, even if the changes or persons to whom one owes fidelity, as a wife to her husband, that take place do not permit a single friend to friend; fidelity to a superior (and, we might add—to a

trace of their common origin to subordinate)... to duty... to principle;... lawful and legitisurvive."mate... allegiance."This calls up the question of what might

Meillet presents another example be called "unlawful loyalty."Lawless men may be loyal so long

of the inability to establish by direct as their mutual safety or survival depends upon it, but disloyal comparison the relationship between as soon as one, by sacrificing the other, can serve the cause of his two languages. He says: own safety or survival. One cannot enter into an evil or unlawful

"If one were not in possession of act or association, or conspire to do anything dishonorable with the old Germanic dialects on the anyone else, and be assured of the limits of loyalty. Evil and

one hand and of Latin on the other, friendship, evil and honor, are not compatible. But the righteous

it would be impossible to demonlove and loyalty of family, of friends; loyalty among people for

strate the relationship that loyalty loyalty to high principle—such is the purpose, between high

7 English."French and steadfast as to an issue to stand persuades honorable a person or an

These examples are so numerous obligation, even after it becomes inconvenient. Without the quality

that Meillet is led to state: of loyalty there is little in life that can be counted on.

"In time, however, related languages end by becoming so different "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the that it is impossible to recognize Columbia Broadcasting System, March 20, 1960. Copyright 1960.

their community of origin.... The

relationship of two languages then can be, and often is, something that cannot be demonstrated, even when it is real."8

In another work, Meillet presents such great differentiation: STEPMOTHER OF SMALL DAUGHTERS

"If one had—considering English

of the present day and forgetting all by Virginia Norris Rhoades its past—to demonstrate that English

is an IndoEuropean tongue, one Into their loss she came, meeting their need would not succeed."

This difficulty would arise from With words of warmth and hands of love to feed the fact that one would not have under consideration the record of The bread of hope; into silken halos she brushed their hair

the linguistic changes as they deAnd fashioned dresses for them to wear.

veloped, but only the end result of final differentiated forms. Cases of She's woven with her faith the lost pattern of their

this kind lead Meillet to state: Believing, strong and secure—together grown

"One is never justified in affirming (Continued on page 450) In love, these not her flesh, not born her own.

446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA strawberry shortcake *#..*,v,l*'# adds appeal

to any meal

When it comes to family -pleasing desserts, nothing quite compares to strawberry shortcake. Fluffy golden shortcake topped with whipped

cream and juicy rubyred strawberries adds appeal to any meal.

Strawberries also are delicious in fruit cups, fruit salads, gelatins, ice cream, cobblers, pies, or just with cream and sugar.

\m m Preserved or made into jam, you can enjoy them all year around as spreads, or as topping for pancakes, puddings and \ ice cream. Check up on your sugar supply now and make

UU sure you have plenty of pure white U and I on hand.

Not only is U and I Sugar as fine a sugar as money can H*#> BUY, but it's made close BY. The beets are grown in

Salt Lake Valley and refined in U and I's plant at West Jordan, Utah.

JUNE 1960 447 A deluxe Goodness and Greatness djAMyul Bible at the irresistibly low price Richard L. Evans

of In the magnifying of so much that is mediocre, some

associated Yet$1075 h if:.--;:::::- words are often overworked—like great and greatsynonyms. for ness—example—and 8 THE

"SPOKEN is often unquality of greatness true found in the 'WORD in settings, the places, in simple, modest publicized heroic lives of humble men and women—the greatness of goodness

and of sincere service. "Goodness is richer than greatness,"said

Edwin Hubbell Chapin. "It lifts us nearer to God.... It is...

manifested according to our abilities, within our sphere,... and

every day I bless God that the great necessary work of the world is so faithfully carried on by humble men in narrow spaces and by faithful women in narrow circles,... performing works of simple

are people sincere goodness.. and unassuming. Z'1 Everywhere 02227x service, sincere performing and essential by year, day by day, year Marrakesh Persian Morocco,

flexible binding, half circuit, doing their share, carrying their sorrows, caring for their own, leather lined to edge. helping others, doing much that is greatly good. "Not a day passes

Concordance, Bible Study Helps. over the earth but men and women of no note do great deeds,

5x71/8, only i%6"thick. speak great words, and suffer noble sorrows"—said another source—

In RED or BLACK. "of these obscure heroes,... the greater part will never be known

till great that small hour shall be and the that were many when bookseller A1 your 2 great."is greatness in service is sickness, there small There where Authorized King James Version

Oxford India Paper often under disheartening circumstances. There is greatness in

enduring disappointments, greatness in meeting obligations; greatOXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS ness in work earnestly and honestly done. There is greatness in

teaching, greatness in trying, greatness in trusting, greatness in patient waiting. There is greatness in understanding, greatness in

forgiving, greatness in repenting. There is greatness—a very great

kind of greatness—in selfcontrol, in tempering appetite, in tempering

Order Today intemper.keepingTherethe commandments.is greatness in cleanliness"Greatnessof. life,.. [is]in keepingnot so muchfaith,

"3 lives... size quality as in a certain a certain human And what GRIND YOUR OWN is is or desirable matter glamorous not not good, great, no how FLOUR & CEREAL sometimes seems. As Samuel Johnson said it: "Nothing can beit

with this sturdy truly great which is not right."4 Thank God for heroic greatness

trust, to true simple in the faithfulness, in being in doing of duty—WHEAT MILL in humble lives, in humble hearts and homes, greatness in devotion, will not forget. of greatness the Lord which a kind God More Than

12,000 Sold to Date "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

ONLY Columbia Broadcasting System, April 3, 1960. Copyright 1960.

dwin Hubbell Chapin, Eulogy of Horace Greeley.

Brooks, Sermons; Purpose and Use of Comfort,

Johnson. $695 "Phillips2Charles4Samuel Reade.

POSTPAID ANYWHERE AMERICAIN

corn and wheat, Mill or grinds cracks all INITIATION grains. Grinds or soft kinds of hard Vh

pognds of flour or cereal per minute....

Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's. by Lula Walker

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS Cold fear clutched my pounding heart

Please send one Wheat me Mill. Enclosed is On that first day I watched him start order.) or (check $6.95 money

the street. his twowheeler down On

Nam... I thought, Suppose, meet if he should

Address A speeding car. I shook with dread,

City But he went peddling straight ahead,

State Then back, his face alight with joy.

I'd lost a baby—gained a boy.

PEHRSON HARDWARE 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fastest, easiest way to plan any driving trip!

New and better for 1960

1 1960, Continental Oil Company

Immediately available where you see this sign... jlJ pjlgJ

Your New Conoco Touraide is the only complete travel service you can get right away... and use for trip after trip.

CONOCO NewMexico!ConocoTouraideTouraidecontainscoverswhole50sectionsstates, ofCanada,flatfolding,and T0URA.DE

easyto-read maps. And its 64 colorful pages tell you everything you'll need to know: how to protect your home—how

to prepare your family—how to take care of every detail!

Get your copy of New Conoco Touraide today from your

Conoco Dealer. You've never seen anything like it! y

America's only instant, complete travel service!

CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY

JUNE I960 449

The Language of the It is thus seen that, even in case already seen, changed their language,

Book of Mormon of the development of the Indian Hebrew, for a mixture of Egyptian dialects away from an earlier form and Hebrew which may have been particularly largely not have has Egyptian been or forms or which may ( Continued from page 446 the other that of or than greater rapid and been one in grammar more that two languages are not related, most languages over a like period in vocabulary: throughout the hisat least distantly: a relationship of time—in the absence of numerous tory of the Nephites and Lamanites

would be discovered perhaps, if one linguistic monuments—it is impos- (Indians). there have been violent

had older forms of these same lansible to trace their relationship social changes; for centuries the

guages."10 either with Egyptian or Hebrew or tribes lived in isolation; the lanIn the case of the Indian languages, with any other Old World language. guage was transmitted orally withthese older forms which might perHowever, from what the Book of out the conservative influence of

mit of the tracing of the relationMormon says about the language of commonly used written forms.

ship are either wholly lacking or, as the Nephites and Lamanites (InIt is not the writer's intention to yet, undiscovered and undeciphered. dians) and from what is known about speak here in detail of the influences

Without knowing the past history the Indians since the discovery of making for great linguistic change.

of the Indian dialects, it is at presAmerica, the discovery of the relaTo do so would have no point since ent impossible to determine whether tionship of these languages to other all linguists are agreed concerning they continue Hebrew or Egyptian languages would be much more difthem; let it suffice to quote again

or a mixture of both; if resemblances ficult than in the case of Russian or from Meillet:

were to be discovered, they might French, because one must expect "A population which learns a new not be related; and if none were dis- (without knowing) the Indian lanlanguage frequently tends to introcovered or discoverable, they might guages to have undergone greater duce graver changes into this lanbe related. and more radical changes. guage than a population which

"Relationship implies no present Why must one expect the Indian continues its former language."12

resemblance between the languages languages to have undergone very "Populations which live in isolaconsidered, nor especially of the great changes? Because the factors tion, divided into little groups havgeneral system of the languages known to make for rapid radical ing little contact between them, can

considered; and, inversely, there are changes in language have been come to possess dialects [parlers]

many resemblances, both of structure operative in the history of the Inwhich are not understood except and vocabulary, that imply no reladian languages! They may be enuby a very small number of tribes.

tionship."11 merated thus: the Nephites, as Thus the native American tribes

. for the Exciting World of

HOME MOVIES Lowest Priced Movie Camera in Kodak History!

Save your most treasured memories through the medium of lifelike, fullcolor home movies. Keep a record of all your family's

special affairs and good times together. Shooting good movies

is as easy as taking snapshots! Just set a dial to match the day's

light... and shoot. Buy now...at this low, low price!

ONLY SCREENS TRIPODS Big 30x40 Davidson rollup type D-36, Elon tripod evator type Reg. $14.95 $795 Reg. $18.95 $995 $2450

Brownie f2 Nothing Dn $1 Wk!

COME IN or MAIL COUPON NOW!

Please send me the

priced at only $ I will pay on low easy terms.

NAME WIFE'S NAME EYEWEAR HEARING AIDS CAMERA SUPPLIES

ADDRESS CITY & STATE Salt Lake City: 155 S. Main—273 S. Main—2190 Highland Dr.

EMPLOYED BY Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 West Center Street

Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

CREDIT REFERENCE

450 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA infinite of varietypresent an lanFor a Girl's Most Cherished Moment which haveguages of some many common traits, but which differ enough in detail, not only that they are unable to understand one another from tribe to tribe, but even, W edding announceat least on first examination, so ments for that important that linguists are not in a position to establish a classification. There event. A wide selection of

are in America hundreds of languages, which form a large number styles and cards that would of groups that have not yet been please the most discrimcompared with each other, simply because the indigenous population inating bride.

seems always to have been of slight density in the greater part of the

American continent, and because the tribes who speak these languages The West's Finest have remained isolated from one Printers and Binders another and because all the forces of differentiation have acted without meeting any efficacious resistance."13 Thus it is seen from its very naDeseret

ture as a mixed language and from the character of the native population of America living in isolatedcommunities, the native dialects News would tend to greater and greater differentiation; and, that this hadbeen the case, is seen from the fact 33 RICHARDS ST. Press

that linguists have not yet succeeded EM 4-2581 in classifying them in their present SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH day forms, much less in demonstrating their relationship to Hebrew, Egyptian, or any other Old

World language. IN YOUR HOME...

In the absence of texts offering examples of progressive change, IN YOUR CHAPEL..

even had the difficulty not been so great, none other than conjectured, but unproved, solutions could be found. This is true because, with

present resources, the philology of the Indian tongues themselves—necessary for any sure work of comparison—cannot be worked out.

"It has been easy to establish the relationship of languages of which one had good grammars and whose philology had been worked out; we

are not confronted with languages whose grammar it is necessary to make and the most of which, because of the lack of ancient texts, are not susceptible of any philology."1 * Must one not conclude then that PRATT & LAMBERT

from the languages of the American

Indians no "damaging evidence"against the Book of Mormon may be expected? Though furnishing

no "evidence,"the known linguistic Countless homes in the area and many of our most beautifully decofacts are not inconsistent with the rated LDS Chapels are finished inside and out with the finest—Pratt

data and claims of the book. & Lambert paints and varnishes.

Is the English of the translation inconsistent with the claims of the SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO.

'Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"330 East 4th South—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—Salt Lake City, Utah

JUNE 1960 451 book? It is not. Critics of the Book Holy Ghost, which shall come upon dren of Israel through the Bed Sea

of Mormon who have assumed the you and which shall dwell in your on dry ground....

contrary have overlooked the facts: heart. "Ask that you may know the

The purported manner in which the "Now, behold, this is the spirit mysteries of God, and that you may

Nephite records were abridged of revelation; behold this is the spirit translate and receive knowledge

would not make for a finished style; by which Moses brought the chilfrom all those ancient records which

a prophet never loses his characteristic individuality and never becomes a mere mechanical instrument in the work of the Lord; the criticism they

offer of of the Book was Mormon against leveled the A summation: Qualities Testament New

writers; the Lord has employed one

means only to establish his workof Character testimony.

A finished style is rarely an imRichard L. Evansprovisation. Authors known as

stylists have written, corrected, and rewritten their work, sometimes In past comments on qualities of character, we have many times. This they could do talked of faith; of courage and kindness; of integrity,

sincerity, THE loyalty, in and to a sense which seem in cases of the ease most because SPOKEN a simple add up to doesn't word—a word which awith could which be new copy WORD

made. The abridgement of the include them all, but without which all else would

Nephite record was made on metal be of little use—and what they add up to is a kind of guilelessness,

plates. If a word, the form of a which in a sense is simply simple honesty. The Psalmist said it

this in sentence: "Blessed is the unto man the Lord imputeth whom elsesentence, or anything were not

iniquity, is not spirit there and in whose no guile."as to satisfactory,quite 1 Now once engraved on

the plate it could be changed only summation of these qualities, we turn to some sentences from three with considerable expense of time sources, the first consisting of some wise and ancient words from and labor. Under these conditions it Marcus Antoninus, from back some eighteen centuries: "Do not

is likely that only for the gravest of consider anything for your interest which makes you break your quit inclines word, or your modesty, to any practice will you whichreasons the text would be revised light, the not bear or look face."the in the world others are 2 Two the style naturallyand quite would

not be polished. cited from the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries: "In all things

integrity; the consciousness of thine and uprightness own his charpreserve never loses A prophet will alleviate the toil of business, soften the of illsuccess hardnessacteristic individuality never and

becomes a mere mechanical instruand disappointments, and give thee an humble confidence before ment in the hands of the Lord. The God, when the ingratitude of man, or the iniquity of the times may

English of the Book of Mormon is rob thee of other reward."3 Now from the third source: "Give us a

not claimed to be divinely revealed. character on which we can thoroughly depend, which we know to

Translators of a text they fully unbe based on principle and on the fear of God, and it is wonderful [other] brilliant qualities and popular and splendid many how wederstand the not reproduce do this all gladly can safely dispense with."and 1 Simply, to adds up in feelingthought of the text and

the same words; the language of being honest with ourselves, to being honest with others, to being

each will depend on previous trainhonest with the Lord God, and to being honest in an endeavor to his keep confidence commandments. love Peace and loyalty and anding, ability as a writer, etc. Why

lie in this direction; unhappiness other. sorrow in and any Despite reshould one expect any different

sult in the case of Joseph Smith's all sophistries, and cynicism, this is simply so. No person has the

translation of the Book of Mormon? right to harm another, (or himself, for that matter), or to take

unjustly from another, to take the virtue of another, to impair the not supposed, "It should howbe faith is isn't of another. anyone honest simply And punishing who

thisever, translation that though isn't there to himself—for peace, or to happiness, or any way any

inof theaccomplished means by real progress, lasting or satisfactory any life relationship and in...terpreters Seer Stone and was

is an absolute without that to akin honesty—an honesty a kind

that procedure;merely of mechanical a guilelessness that duplicity or no deception, that knows knows no faith, spiritual effort or or mentalno crafty in cunning. This significant a source: from summary "The

part; required Prophet's on thewas

... is of foundation leadership personal character, charPersonal

that the instruments did all, while.. is acter fact the in in prime determinant. success...

he who used them did nothing but failure...."s or

look and repeat mechanically what he saw there reflected."15 "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

The Lord's description of translaColumbia Broadcasting System, March 27, 1960. Copyright 1960.

tion is contained in the following iPsalm 32:2.

to Oliver Cowdery: 3William2Marcus AureliusPaley, 17431803.Antoninus, 121180 A.D.

"Yea, behold, I will tell you in BAirArthurCommodoreP. Stanley,W.18151881.C. Cooper, Character and Its Place in Industry, Rotary, R. I.B.I.

your mind and in your heart, by the Vol. 2, No. 24.

452 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

have been hid up, that are sacred; "The culture of the Greek lanthese languages, it is because the

and according to your faith shall guage and the old authors of Hellas difficulties are too great and the it be done unto you."16 could not but render despicable the texts available are insufficient in

"In attempting to exercise this gift language of a few obscure and ilany case to permit of such deterof translation, however, Oliver literate Jews."19 mination.

Cowdery failed; and in a revelation Linguistic science has discovered The English of the translation is

on the subject the Lord explained nothing to cast doubt on the truth consistent with the claims of the the cause of his failure to translate: of the Book of Mormon statement book itself. Critics of the Book of

''Behold, you have not underthat "the record was written in a Mormon have overlooked the fact stood; you have supposed that I language which consists of the learnthat the language of a true prophet

would give it [i.e. the gift of transing of the Jews and the language of is not the Lord's, but the prophet's

lation] unto you, when you took no the Egyptians."If linguists fail to own and they overlooked the fact

thought save it was to ask me. determine that the Indian tongues that the Greeks and Romans made

''But, behold, I say unto you, that are modern forms of one or both of the same uncomprehending critiyou must study it out in your mind, then you must ask me if it be right, and if it is right I will cause that your bosom shall burn within you, therefore you shall feel that it is Thoughtful folks should investigate..

right. "'But if it is not right, you shall have no such feelings, but you shall have a stupor of thought;

that shall cause you to forget the thing which is wrong; therefore you

cannot write that which is sacredsave it be given you from me.'.R.A

(Ibid., 9:7-9.) If all NonDrinkers Knew What Fidelity

is this not a description "While of Union Life Policyholders Know...! in whichthe Joseph Smith manner

translated the Book of Mormon, it is, nevertheless, the Lord's descripIf You Qualify You Save with—

tion of how another man could exercise the gift of translation; and ERA

Greater Life Insurancedoubtless it is substantially the manNon-Drinkers Deserve ner in which Joseph Smith did Benefits and GET THEM at Fidelity Union Life exercise it, and the manner in which he translated the Book of MorMedical Research has proved that people who do not drink are mon...."better insurance risks. BUT most policies do not take that into conThe translation "thus obtained was sideration. The Non -Drinker is penalized with the same rate as the

expressed in such language as the social drinker, the habitual drinker and even the alcoholic, who can

Prophet could command, in such pass the physical examination.

phraseology as he was master of Fidelity Union Life introduced a unique life insurance -investment and common to the time and the program nearly two decades ago that takes this factor into consideration locality where he lived...."1T and provides a substantial savings to people who abstain.

Had the language of the Book of The penalty premium you pay for other policies is the extra savings

Mormon not been Joseph Smith's, you get with Fidelity Union Life Insurance. It does pay to abstain!

Joseph Smith would have been unYou're paying more than you should if you don't have E.R.A.

like the prophets of the Old and These abstainer dividends too are among the highest in the land.

quoting Eusebius, Testaments.New 4% interest, compounded annually, on dividends left with the writer says: Christian an earlier company....

"The false prophet speaks in ecstasy... But they cannot show

of either, prophet, that any Inquiries Invited: -————those Openings for Agents *————or of those in the Testament Old Dist. Millet, Mr. Floyd Mgr.

in the New, Union Life Ins. Co. was inspired in this Fidelity Union Life is seeking top Fidelity."18

.. 1257 E. 7-7488 21st SouthHU way.

Salt Lake City, Utah In consequence each of the New quality LDS agents who are acTestament writers is characterized tive in their church and strong I am an abstainer. I want information

by his own peculiar style. The style on total abstinence. Nondrink- on the Abstainer Plan |

style of Peter of Paul and the is one schools ing training convenand in am an abstainer. am interested

is different. prophets. Both were the companyI as an Agent tions. for Special plans College 1representing

As critics object to the language of the Book of Mormon, just so pagan Seniors and NonDrinkers.

writers criticized the New TestaManager openings outside Utah NAME AGE ment authors: STREET ADDRESS

*Extra Rewards of Abstinence CITY. STATE.

JUNE I960 453 cism of early Christian writers with known facts is evidence of its supported by the testimony of men, which they now make of the Book divinity. It is not "proof."Indeed both living and dead, and confirmed

of Mormon. we should not expect such "proof."by the testimony of the Holy Ghost:

In no case is any linguistic disThe means employed in establishing "... if ye shall ask with a sincere

covery or any principle of the scithe divinity of the Book of Mormon heart, with real intent, having faith ence of language "damaging"to the is consistent with the practice of in Christ, he will manifest the truth

Book of Mormon. The idea of linthe Lord in all ages. The Lord has of it unto you, by the power of the

guistic change expressed in the Book always established his gospel by the Holy Ghost."20

of Mormon was held by a few, a testimony of men, of those living by very few scholars in Europe at the their spoken words and those dead FOOTNOTES time the Book of Mormon was being by their written testimony, followed x l Ne. 12.

written. This view is consistent by the testimony of the Holy Ghost. "Mormon 9:3233.

with the truth. The verv fact that In harmonv with this, the divinitv Und., 9:33.

everything in the book is consistent of the Book of Mormon is likewise '""'Meillet4Jespersen,LinguistiqueLanguage, Historiquep. 32. et Linguistique Generale, p. 106.

'Ibid., p. 101.

"Ibid., 90.

"Ibid., 94.

"Meillet, Caracteres generaux des langues Germaniques, p. 17.

10Meillet, Linguistique Historique et LinCOMFORT guistique p. 94. Generate,

"Ibid., p. 92.

12Ibid., 107. AND

"Ibid., 116.

"Ibid., 98.

15B. Roberts, H. HisComprehensive ADURABILITY

the tory Vol. Church, 130. p. 1, of

IS IT! Here is an average an ordinary man, THIS 11. "TJ 3, 8:2, & C

If being, enjoying larger, No. 868 comfort. cit., he were human Vol. "Roberts, op. 133. 1, 132, pp.

or smaller, he would still be comfortable in a lsEusebius, Ecclesiastical History, W > 1-5. 17, wellbuilt chairs Durham folding chair. These

'"Mourret, Les Origines Chretiennes, p.

of people! for the comfort are designed We would 167.

not presume to read this man's thoughts, 20Moroni 10:4.

but chances are ten to one were we to ask him

What make of folding chairs he'd buy, he'd say:

"This make!"It's a sure thing he'd be 100%

sold when given the complete story of

Durham construction and materials. ANSWER

They insure full value for every seating dollar. by Leah Sherman

What measure of my love belongs to you?

If there were scales with balance that would hold The sea, the earth and sky, the northern cold:

The warmth of southern sun, the gentian's blue.

My love would more than balance all you name As life itself outdistances all time.

climb steel or Tubular channel Leaves no intense awareness, since in frames styles: All many

steel; padded, upholstered you came.

seats and backs; wood There is no measure that will hold

seats. Tablet with armchair

for the vastness Chair sizes wrap rack.

children under 10. Chair acOf the surging sea: the air one

cessories includebookracks breathes kneelers. and

And so an answered moment only leaves A sureness of all future merged in

Write for catalog. See why your best buy is Durham. past.

Our traveled road has left no space

TESTED for doubt; JT *v APPROVED AND / \ Love became life: all else was I LEADING BY \

\ INSTITUTIONS FOR I crowded out.

THE. F\HEST METKL FVJRNVTURE. VOVER 50 YEARS/<

DURHAM MANUFACTURING CORPORATION MUNCIE, INDIANA 454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church Moves On Easter Sunday and a memoraElder Wayne B. Hales. President ble one for the Salt Lake Hales'counselors in BYU Stake are

Tabernacle Choir. In the Elders Lee B. Valentine and Daniel

(Continued from page 378) morning they presented their 1600th H. Ludlow. Elder B. West Belnap

The stakes of Zion literally program in their radio series (they sustained as president of BYU Secspread around the world as have appeared on numerous nationond Stake, with Elders Clyde D.

the Sydney (Australia) and allypresented radio programs). In Sandgren and Phileon B. Robinson,

the Manchester (England) stakes the evening they were part of a speJr., as counselors. Elder William

were organized. Sydney Stake, orcial Easterevening nationwide teleNoble Waite sustained as president

ganized by Elders Delbert L. Stapcast. of BYU Third Stake, with Elders

ley and Marion G. Romney of the The twentysix ward Brigham Dean A. Peterson and Fred A.

Council of the Twelve has five wards Young University Stake, was divided Schwendiman as counselors. Presiand three branches. Elder Dell C. into three parts, with President Andent Henry D. Movie of the First

Hunt was sustained as stake presitone K. Romney being succeeded by Presidency and Elders Mark E.

dent with Elders Walter J. Bailey,

Jr., and Clayton W. Lank as his

counselors. Missionary work in GET 4 TO 5% FOR YOUR MONEY AT early asAustralia attempted as was

Barrett, William1840, a young when to in WESTERN SAVINGS IN SALT LAKE CITY the restored gospelconvert

England, being about to make a voyto Australia, ordainedage was an PREPAID SYSTEMATIC as aelder missionary. appointed and

He delivered the gospel message in INVESTMENT SAVINGS

Australia but is not known to have Deposits of $1,000 or more will Regular monthly deposits of $10 made converts. Elder Harold B. earn you V2 of 1 % to a full 1 % or more will earn you V2 of 1 % to

Lee of the Council of the Twelve bonus each year when your ac- a full 1 % bonus each year when and Elder Alvin R. Dyer, Assistant count is maintained for 36 to 84 your account is maintained for 60

to the Council of the Twelve, organmonths. Compare these BONUS to 1 20 months.

ized Manchester Stake, with Elder PLAN earnings:

Robert G. Larsen sustained as presiPlan 1 Plan 2 Plan 1 Plan 2

dent and Elders Dennis Livesey and Initial Maturity value Maturity value Initial Maturity value Maturity value

William Bates as counselors. The Deposit at 36 months at 84 months Deposit at 60 months at 1 20 months

stake contains nine wards and three $ 1,000$ 1,142.82$ 1,412,97 $ 10 $ 673.33 $ 1,555.03

branches, all situated in the area 2,000 2,285.65 2,825.95 20 1,346.65 3,110.06

known as the "cradle of Mormonism"5,000 5,714.13 7,064.87 50 3,366.65 7,775.15

in Great Britain. The first branch 10,000 11,428.25 14,129.74 100 6,733.30 15,550.31

of the Church in England was organized at Preston, April 6, 1837.

Compare these earnings... you get the most you

April 1960 can for your savings with a Prepaid Investment or

The 130th annual general conferSystematic Savings account. Compare these earnence of the Church convened in Salt ings. Your savings are insured to $10,000 by the

Lake City April 3, 4, and 6. All of Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation,

the General Authorities except Elder Washington, D. C.

Alvin R. Dyer, currently serving as

president of the European Missions, Save by Mail—Western Pays the Postage Both Ways

that present. announcedwere It was mail. save both you by To the postage pay ways when We the of (as 31, 1959) December order. or check simply account, mail your your open money

1,616,- totaled membershipChurch will return signature card by send passbook your and We... time""conference088. During

like savmail. these bonus information on more you Would Salt Citytheaters in were Lake

will to you. booklet ings mail plans? our us and Write we type"movies: "Bible theplaying

Ben Hur, Solomon and Sheba, and

The Big Fisherman. AT THE ORIGINAL 4

First anPresidency The WESTERN > of INSURED the appointment z nounced SAVINGS

Elder J. Robert Price as president of the Arizona Temple, succeeding President Arwell L. Pierce.

President Price is a former stake and mission president. The temple, at )t

Mesa, was dedicated October 23, 1927 by President Heber J. Grant. AND LOAN COMPANY

45 EAST FIRST SOUTH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH JUNE 1960 455 Petersen and Richard L. Evans of

the Council of the Twelve made these changes. Incidentally, giving

a numbered designation to a stake is an innovation in the Church....

Elders Spencer W. Kimball and

George Q. Morris of the Council of

the Twelve divided the Santa Rosa

Stake in California to form the Napa

Stake, with Elder Harry S. Cragun

sustained as president and Elders

Rryant S. Knowlton and Philip S.

Ferrin as counselors. Elder Weston

Lawrence Roe sustained as president of Santa Rosa Stake, succeeding

President John L. Murdock. President Roe's counselors are Elders Carl

Steed Coombs and Sidney B. Henderson. Stakes in the Church now total

297.,.. Elder Wendell J. Ashton

sustained as president of East Mill

Creek (Salt Lake City) Stake, sucBOB AND SUE, like thousands of their elders, have learned the truth ceeding President O. Layton Allabout the "lying allure of liquor."dredge. President Ashton's counselors

are Elders Orin R. Woodbury and HAVE the glamorous YOU seen through haze thrown up by the Louis N. Bagley. alcohol advertisers? learned enough of the truth HAVE YOU about

liquor to want to have no part of it? A truck carrying a heavy cater-

"IF YOU DON'T DRINK,"says the Preferred Risk Mutual pillar tractor rammed into

Salt City's Lake famed Eagle Co., Insurance "WHY HELP PAY FOR THE ACCIDENTS OF Gate. Later in the the morning Preferred THOSE Risk, DO?"America's WHO first automobile gate was dismantled and stored

insurance company, for nondrinkers only, now makes it possible for for safekeeping. For several months

you to stop paying for the drinker's accidents—and to save money plans have been made to rebuild the

at the same time. gate, after widening State Street at

If you are a nondrinker,* we invite you to investigate, and inwoodenthat point.eagleThe( whichhugeforhandcarved,many years

sure with Preferred Risk. Save money—and put your automobile has been coppercoated), first asinsurance where your heart is—with the thousands of others who sumed its perch in 1859, at the ensay, "No Thanks—we don't drink."For full details, including an trance of Brigham Young's property.

explanation of Preferred Risk's merit reduction plan for claimfree The gate was rebuilt to allow the passage of streetcars in 1890's. the drivers, return this coupon now.

it As someone expressed of the day *IMPORTANTNon-drinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional social drinker is not eligible. the accident in April I960, "The cat

got the bird."

ACT NOWUSE THIS COUPON

Please send complete me information about your auto insurance for total abstainers. stand there is obligation. no TEI underfi

Name My auto insurance Address expires:Month INTEGRITY

City State Day OccupationYear by Richard B. Swenson

Age -Age of principal driver of auto Age of youngest driver

Make of Car -Year. No CylindersIf in competition

Body type & Model (Scries) I would be—with anyone,

Use of Car- Q Pleasure Q Business O To and from work- -miles one way. Let it be with myself.

with Married -children Q I Marital Status of Principal Driverliving Single at home D free copy of Christian Send me Herald article. Let all my ambition Q Single.

Point to work well done;

shelf. THl ACCIOINTS! PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL Pettiness I'd put on the

THOSE WHO INSURANCE COMPANY Help me to strive, 150 South 4th East, Dept. 660 Oh, Lord, I pray,

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone EM 4-1931 Myself to improve

Each passing day.

America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co. William Plymat, President

456 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FATHERS Serving over 60 cities in six

By June Holbrook great states—and now Calgary

in Canada.

We call him Father, the children who run to greet him at day's end, the small ones who wait for punishWESTCOBST ment, secure in the knowledge that it is for their own good. He told them

so, the boy who shows the first fish he catches to his dad and plays especially good ball because his dad is watching, the girl who shows her first formal to his admiring eyes.

Father is special above all others because he loves us. He is our special protector and supplies all our

needs. After him we model our life,

for he is honorable enough to be called Father.

We call him Father of a ward. We

call him bishop, and the name is as familiar on our lips as that of any friend. We know he has many things

to worry about. The welfare of all

of us as a group, the organizational problems of a ward, a church to build, in addition to his own job and his own family's welfare.

And yet he has found room in his heart to love us all as his children.

We go to him with our troubles, with the little things that make us happy.

We go to him, for we believe he loves us. What more can we ask of any

father?

We call him Father of a nation, that man who guides our nation's needs. The man we chose to deal

with other peoples for us, the man who speaks for millions of people, and guides their thoughts—and yet

to him, each one of us is still important. He still would wish to

know: Do we have enough to eat?

Do we have enough money and time to do fun things? Are we happy?

And we tell him because we sincerely believe that he is there to guide us as a nation and protect us as individuals. And although we don't

talk to him often, he is still the father of great multitudes and we admire and love him.

We call him Father in heaven for that is the name we have learned to know him by. We believe he is as

truly our father as our fathers on earth. He gave us life and free

It's Big... It's Beautiful... It's Hospitable!

1900 SOUTH STATE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

JUNE 1960 457.

agency so that we could grow. And dren, are happy and doing fine things?

although he governs worlds without He tells us he is, and we love him for end, we pray to him individually, his individual care and guidance, for knowing that he will hear us and his master plan that gives us a chance answer our prayers. to be. We are proud to give him a

Must not he be as happy as our name full of honor and love fathers on earth when we, his chilFather.

.. and subtle ELECTRIC Truth, halftruth

WATER HEATER suggestion...

LIVE BETTER Richard L. Evans

Last week we talked of greatness and goodness, ELECTRICALLY with FULL and of words that are often overworked in magnifyto exaggerate SPOKEN overworked but and overemphasize, HOUSEPOWER THEWORD ing the mediocre. And not only are words often often also to deceive by halftruth and by subtle

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. suggestion. A halftruth can in fact obscure the whole truth. A

halftruth can effectively suggest a falsehood. The persistent repeating of halftruths, can, for example, make things that are unwholesome and injurious seem to be desirable, or harmless, by sophistry

FLAVDR and suggestion. "If any man seeks for greatness,"said Horace

Mann, "let him forget greatness and ask for truth, and he will find

FIT FDR both."1 It isn't glitter or glamor or surface considerations that make

YDUR KING foror whatgreatness—oris fashionable,for truth.or whatIt isn'tis generallynecessarilybeingwhatdone.is popular,Such

with a things are often merely a surface to cover a shallow or a shoddy

LEE HOUSEHOLD substance. Deliberately words are often made to create an image

ELECTRIC FLOUR MILL merely for an effect, merely for a front. Sometimes words are used

deliberately to create misunderstanding—words deliberately contrived to distort and deceive, and to create a false sense of security.

Better Flavor There are some phrases from the Psalms suggestive of this subject;

Better Health "The words of his mouth were smoother than butter, but war was oil, his heart: his in words softer than were they yet were Electric drawn

Portable it is as swords."as it ideas, with words, so it is with 2 And must

products with or practices Economical be urged people: which are upon They

Automatic or practices, be honest products in must honest purpose; beneficial

grind stone you When flour hours in effect. They must be what they are said to be; they must do what your few a

before baking you can they are said to do. Guarantees and agreements must be words of

*\ ference!really taste the diftruth and of actual intent. They must meet the final test of fact

; Choice of 4 mills, as to whether or not what they said to be is or isn't so. Beyond

prices. for write 1 words, beyond halftruths, beyond cleverness and concealment and

] introthis Save on ) ductory offer. Send subtle suggestion, we need always the final test of fact as to what

check with | coupon or is intended, as to what is done, as to what is said, as to what is for 5 lb. money order ||

j/ pkg. Flour is stone suggested, as to what is solid and honest; as to what actually is or

ground day shipped. isn't so. Halftruth or subtle suggestion is never a safe substitute

Lee Engineering Co., Milwaukee 1, Wisconsin for the whole truth, for the honest, openfaced facts.

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY IE-6-60 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wisconsin "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

( ) Deaf Smith Flour, 5- lb. pkg., PPd. only $1.50 Columbia Broadcasting System, April 10, 1960. Copyright 1960.

( ) Wis. -Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg., PPd. only $1.00

Horace Mann.

Name 2Psalm 55:21.

Street

City State

458 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WhenIPP r c v you get r\ /vv that \yXV 1 LI..v.

Hollow

Feeling...

;W 'w3 It's ML

time for NABISCO \ Sugar w*s>. 4 t Honey # y "V #

i -: -... \ 11

Grahams

>**r-

Available in oneand twopound packages

Sweet enough... flavored just right for adults'and children's tastes alike Wonderfully light... won't spoil

appetites Baked with pure, fresh honey and rich graham flour Scored so they snap right in half for easy eating Wrapped in 3 InEr-Seal wax packets to keep 'em fresh and crisp, national biscuit company

JUNE 1960 459

Letters and Reports PREPARE FOR A (Continued from page 376)

FANTABULOUS St. Peter, Minnesota

FLIGHT DearI amSirs:a nonmember of your Church so I

waited for the Elders to call on me so they

The west's experienced males look to Bonanza Air Lines for the finest could fill out the card correctly. ( Subscripin air transportation. For business or pleasure ask to be routed via tion card requesting Ward and Stake or

Bonanza's JetProp Silver Dart... enjoy fast, friendly service all the way. Branch and Mission.

Serving Nevada, Arizona, California, Utah Send for Bonanza's free, ImprovementI wouldn't Era.want Whento be callingwithouton theme

colorful, Tour Brochure of the west. Write: Tour Dept, P.O. Box 391, the Elders left a copy now and then and

Las Vegas, Nevada. - m that is how I became interested in the

magazine. Bonanza Air Lines God bless all the Latterday Saints for

their wonderful work.

Sincerely,

Mrs. Roy Warning

Ft. Wayne, Ind.

Dear Editors:

I want to tell you first of all how much

I enjoy the Era magazine. Never in my

life had I read any magazine from cover to cover, that is until my first issue of the

Era came last April. I read each issue

completely and enjoy each and every word.

I get a little behind each time there is a conference issue, but catch up again on the next issue or two.

I want to thank you again for such a wonderful magazine. I only wish every

home in the world had a subscription to it.

Sincerely, for all Sister Lela M. Sibert

Calgary, Alta., Canada

Dear Friends:

The Improvement Era is one of the very few magazines we subscribe to as I'm a postman and have an allergy to magazines and magazine salesmen; but the message

from the President each month alone is worth the price of the yearly subscription;

the rest is clear bonus. In a world like

today where everyone seems to be trying to get something for nothing I think a subscription to the Era would do nicely—after

the president's message is read all the rest..armchair isgainfree.like Wherethat? else can you find a baror active Sincerely yours,

B. J. Rasmussen

Deseret News sports writers and cameramen give fans the Dear Sirs: Barduposs, Norway

facts fast and first My name is Johnny C. Olsen. I am

... every day. Turn to the sending you a few words to tell you how

finest sports pages in the I appreciate the Era. Right now doing

Mountain West in your myForce,militaryI haveservicea wonderfulin the Norwegianopportunity Airof

Deseret News and Telegram explaining the gospel to the boys. Our

base is way up north in Norway, and the scenery is just fantastic. But I am the

only Latterday Saint on the base, and it is relatively seldom I get the opportunity of meeting with the Saints in a neighboring city. So it means very much to me to

have the wonderful experiences I get

460 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

vS?

the I read the words of Generalwhen AuSPECIFY thorities of the in Church ImproveThe ment Era.

Norway is a wonderful country, and the

Norwegian Mission is having great progress under the dynamic leadership of Mission

President Best wishes Ray Engebretsen. AMERICA'S FINEST FOLDING CHAIRS AND TABLES for your continuous work with The ImVIRCO

provement Era. You save on the original price, and you save on replacement—because VIRCO

Yours truly, folding chairs and tables are built for years of rugged service... priced to

Johnny Christian Olsen meet any budget. Folding chairs and tables may look alike, but when you compare

them pointby-point—for advanced design, structural use of Vircoloy steel

APO New York (up to 20% stronger), and beauty—you'll find VIRCO furniture ahead

of the field in value and lasting satisfaction.

Dear Editors:

The "new"Improvement Era has meant so much to me while serving with the

U.S. Army in Germany. It has been an

inspirational guide in building my cwn testimony and in spreading the gospel.

Having a copy nearby has kept me from spending time with less worthwhile activiVIRCO-MATIC Series of ties. Cafeteria and AilPurpose

I note that the opportunity has not Folding Tables adjust been made available to all LDS men over easily to any height from 21"here. Out of ten fellows here, there is to 31"—in oneinch

only one subscription! If parents and increments. Heavy gauge

friends knew the value of the Era, I'm tubular steel legs and sure they would make certain each servnon-glare linen pattern iceman obtained a subscription. Vircolite plastic tops

banded with Sincerely, aluminum.

Pfc. Jay R. Weight

FPO, San Francisco, California Dear Editors, You might say Brother Richard L. Evans

was the unseen missionary who walked VIRCO #127 ALLMETAL with me into being an LDS member. FOLDING CHAIR

One summer while visiting friends in Tubular steel construction with

Kearney, Nebraska, I stopped at a bookthree fusionwelded braces.

store; found his book, And The Spoken Tubular steel reinforcement in

Worcl; liked it so much; bought it; and front legs at seat pivot

read and reread it several times. Several point, also under forward

years afterward, Elder Morris and Elder edge of seat. t Metal

Griffiths (now of Provo, Utah) baptized capped leg's with me. rubber durable

tips....:,:.'Thank you, Brother Evans. crutch

Sincerely, /s/ Muriel Bruner

FREE! New catalogue showing VIRCO's complete line

of church and institutional folding chairs and tables.

to: WriteVIRCOtoday MFG. CORPORATION

Dept. L-6, P. O. Box

What Is an Ideal Family? Los Angeles, 44846,CaliforniaStation H.

( Continued from page 393

services such as dental care, eye examinations, vaccinations, and "shots."

By way of contrast, we should mention that in some homes physical necessities are overemphasized so that parents keep themselves and the children in a state of threatened bankruptcy because they are trying to provide too many things. The

world's most prosperous nation has Please send a free recently learned a bitter lessonHOME STUDY Catalog la:

namely, that luxury spoils children, Name cultivates criminal tendencies, and Street - - breeds heartbreaks for parents. The City State

>:Adult EducationHOMEandSTUDYExtension Services

Sriqham Young University Prove. Utah

JUNE I960 461.

RIGHT AT THE CENTER

of the better plan is to keep life simple; On the other hand, if his appetites

avoid overindulgence whether it is have been satiated and his tastes

CENTER OF SCENIC AMERICA malted milks, chocolate bars, motor dulled by lavish indulgence, he boats, sports cars, or mansions. As usually grows up to be a soft, spoiled,

the psychologists point out, children uninspired adult. Studies show that

should grow up "wanting things"—rural life, where children get stars

not essentials, of course, but other in their eyes just from looking at things. When a person wants somemail-order catalogs, tends to prothing for a long period of time it duce more leaders in business, inbecomes precious to him—something dustry, and government than urban

to work for. It winds up a boy's life where children often get things

mainspring of action and teaches almost as soon as they think about him to appreciate what he does get. them. America is becoming a

"This same Jesus $9 enient downtown location... across the street

the west is the Temple Richard L. Evans

rounds... to the south

"The is. the district. shopping

1 And JjijV:: holyOf suchspirita dayof theas Springthis, a isScottishworkingpoetsilently."wrote: to the east and are the

the added: Tennyson more Heavenly "Once Power }l THE offices. Church."2 "/spoken it all things in said new, Goethe makes f WORD Comfortable, air conditits these sentences,. the year then. is repeating "So

ioned rooms. old story again. We are come once more, thank God! to its most

... flowers are as its inSuperb food in your choice charming chapter. The violets and the

of two dining rooms. scriptions or vignettes. It always makes a pleasant impression on us, when we open again at these pages of the book of life."3 Open200-car undering again at the pages of the book of life is, this day, a theme of

ground garage exceeding significance, since some nineteen centuries ago Jesus the adjacent to lobby. Christ walked among men, and proclaimed the eternal precepts of

life everlasting. His coming was foretold by prophets whose words

are witnessed in the written record. His ministry, his message,

his miracles, were witnessed by a multitude of men—as also was

the reality of his resurrection, as he appeared to his apostles and to many others also, "being seen of them forty days, and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God:... And when

he had spoken these things, while they beheld, he was taken up;

and a cloud received him out of their sight. And while they looked

stedfastly toward heaven as he went up, behold, two men stood

Write for reservations or by them in white apparel; Which also said, Ye men of Galilee, why

phone DAvis 8-91 14 stand ye gazing up into heaven? this same Jesus, which is taken

up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have

Max Dean, Manager seen him go into heaven."4 His divinity, the literal reality of his

resurrection, and his coming again on earth is the very foundation of Christian faith, and the assurance unto all men of everlasting life. And this day we would witness of the certainty of such assurthat personality is perpetuated, ance—the assurance and truth and EED has an easy,MONEY?fast way for your intelligence, C & W for all of us, everlasting and that, our loved life with

or raise auxiliary to ward funds. Our ones is the very essence and intent of heaven and the hereafter—

is program with working the LDS auxilspirit of the Father's puroose. motive prime plan our holy and "The iary in groups which supply them we

is silently."of at the Spring these with the of again material working pages open (on basis a charge 1 "We and

3 approximately profit) that they use 50% life."all the the of Heavenly "Once more Power book makes

as a fund full raising project. For details things new,..."2 without obligations write or send coupon

to: "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Distributors Wholesale

State Street cl2435 WSouth Columbia Broadcasting System, April 17, 1960. Copyright 1960. L.D.S. Owned

281 P. O. Box and Operated 1 George Macdonald, Songs of Spring Days. City Salt Lake 15, Utah

2Tennyson, Early Spring.

Ward 3Goethe.

Name *Acts 1:3, 9-11.

Address

462 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "citified"civilization. To produce

leaders and happy human beings, parents should tighten up on their children to keep their appetites well whetted for "wanting things."

44Home, Sweet Home"The fourth role of the family is providing a home. This means a

great deal more than providing an apartment or a house. It means

providing a place where there is a chance for happiness and growth by every member of the family. It

is a "place to go"because one is loved and wanted. It is a place where

there is not only security but also pleasant associations and exciting things to do. This means that

somebody is "home"most of the time. At least one of the parents

should be there. Brothers and sisters add to the excitement. It is a

place where pals are welcome.

It takes a lot of living in a house to make it a home. Every nook and

corner should reflect the personalities of those who live there. A "Ah'm tellin'you squatters for the last time—

picture drawn in school by a member clear off my Bigelow!"

of th5 family is far more significant as a temporary fixture on the living room wall than an expensive print Youngsters aren't the only ones who love to take up "squatter's of some classic. Baseball bats, fishrights"on cozy, comfortable Bigelow Carpets! Bigelows give a home

ing rods, tennis rackets, and riding such a colorful, attractive appearance; they make everybody

boots are more important to growing feel welcome and relaxed. For smallfry happiness and grownup

boys and girls than fancy vases, hospitality, Bigelows are just wonderful I Everybody lives delicate tapestries, and mahogany better, looks better on Bigelows.furniture. When a boy occupies a

room, he is delighted to be told he fix suit himself.can it up to When

is look like through, it won't an ad People who know.he.. buy Bigelowrugs. carpets since 1825

in a homemaker's magazine, but it will certainly be the boy's pride and joyOf course, some parts of the house have to appeal to the parents, too, a place where visitors can be invited without breaking their necks on skates, scooters, or toy trains. In FILMS! FOLDKING

the old days, the sanctum sanctorum DEVELOPED & PRINTED was the parlor. Children entered

it at the risk of getting their britches tanned. Today the parlor, now

called the living room, is family Fold King for hifi, teenheadquarters TV, is otherwise the PHOTOS Copie NO.TEMPEPEQPLASTICIZEOK-3 MASOHITETABLETOP "gabrests,"and

focal center of traffic congestion for r GENEALOGYFOLDINGKitchen committees,TABLE LINEsocial the entire family. Parents therefore groups, attention! Direetfrom-

discounts up factory—adult headto set up have SAM'S Churches, to PHOTOmay 40%prices—terms. IP. O. Box AA, Salt 1115, DepJ. all Clubs, and LABLake Gty, UO Schools, Lodges else. Parents, quarters somewhere organizations. MonOur new

Folding FoldKing roe 1960 like children, need a little privacy

Tallies are unmatched Banquet once in a while. 7 MODELS. for quality, durability, convenappear- handsome ience and ROLIING. parents get discouraged Sometimes sizes. 68 Models and STORAGE. ance. EASY HANDLING, are able to [pveJy SMOOTH, the because home they

I960 BIG CATALOG FREE—isn't as they afford as fancy would

trucks, table and chair chairs, line tables, pictures. Full Color top Leftovers

year. bulletin boards. 52nd partitions, portable platformrisers, like. It that should be recalled some

KITCHEn CHflRITI THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa

WAXED PAPER

JUNE I960 463. )

WET or DRY? of the best remembered "home, as well. These are concepts which

it's local option with beensweet shackshomes"by ofmodernfamousstandards.men haveA willchurchbeor Sundayfurther School,emphasizedbut mostat

home is not underprivileged so long churches have access to a child lessV| RAIN BIRD as the attitudes of those within it are than an hour a week, which falls right. When necessary, satisfactory far short of the time required to givejj SPRINKLERS

Rain Bird sprinklers get the farm homes have been setup in log cabins, a child a good religious education.

vote every time because they tents, or even covered wagons. It is So the parents must somehow make

offer the finest irrigation possible not "the place"which makes a home, up the difference. In fact, it may

with a minimum butinhabitthe it.attitude of the people who addjust tolearningtheir ownenoughreligiousto teacheducation,their of maintenance.

children. It also helps if parents Rain Birds'platHome—the Child's First take their children to church instead

form offers you School of send them. A youngster who is

"Weather to order"The fifth role of the family is to sent to church gets the idea that reand their record shows they proprovide education for those within ligion is "just for children."

duce double—even triple—yields. its circle. A child will do far better Parents should never forget the inYou can depend on Rain Birds in school if he gains the zeal for struction of the Lord:

—backed by 24 years of success. learning in his own home. This is "Now, I, the Lord, am not well

There's a Rain Bird model for unlikely unless the parents have a pleased with the inhabitants of every irrigation requirement... thirst for knowledge. If parents Zion, for there are idlers among

undertree, level land, hillside.. talk about mathematics, science, them; and their children are also

high pressure, low pressure, etc. music, art, history, current events, growing up in wickedness;..."

REMEMBER, political problems, sports, and busi- (D&C 68:31.)

if It hasn't the name, it isn't the ness, then the children are likely to "And again, inasmuch as parents same! Specify RAIN BIRD! catch the spark and absorb a trehave children in Zion, or in any of

See your Rain Bird dealer or mendous amount of basic knowledge her stakes which are organized, that write for literature. on these same subjects. A child also teach them not to understand the

faith in of repentance, if he doctrine

Christ the of the living Son God, WESTERN hasdoes acquiredmuch bettergood insocialschoolattitudes BIRD RAIN SALES

Gabriel Avenue from his parents. A child is forand of baptism and the gift of the 627 No. San

AZUSA, CALIFORNIA tunate who comes to school with a Holy Ghost by the laying on of the deeprooted sense of appreciation for hands, when eight years old, the honesty, fair play, sobriety, morality, sin be upon the heads of the parand thrift. ents....

their shall also "... they teach those years ago there were

upto to pray and parents helpchildren walk from YOUR whoA fewdiscouraged

SALT LAKE ingprovedchildrento be witha mistake.homework.One ofThisthe 25,28.rightly before the Lord."(Ibid.,

associations richest parents can have OPTICAL children is their The Family as a Laboratory with their refreshing

HEADQUARTERS minds on some of the rusty rules of of Learning

English and mathematics or the It is interesting that the expert high lights of geography and history. management of a family is efficient

EYEGLASSES Of course, no parent should actually in a different sort of way than the do a youngster's homework, espeoperation of an office or a business.

CONTACT LENSES cially if it is "to help him get good The purpose of a business is to get grades."Likely as not, he would certain things accomplished. The

ARTIFICIAL EYES flunk! Helping with homework is purpose of a family is to provide each

it provides of the family maxithe with member the with HEARING AIDS ofboththe greatestparents valueand whenchild for self realizamum opportunity satisfaction of "learning together."tion. Things are therefore not as

ANNOUNCING 4 LOCATIONS important as people. An efficiency The Home as the Child's First expert from a factory might watch Now in Murray

4792 South State Church a family and rate it "total confusion,"

The sixth role of the family is prowhereas a sociologist would see beThe viding spirituality. This is explainlow the surface and say, "There is

ing to him his own significance and some confusion all right, but it is

and the universe. It is designed to family life leaves a margin for freeOPTICAL SHOP his relationship with his Creator organized confusion."Wholesome give him a sense of responsibility in will expression around the border

420 Boston Bldg. terms of permanent and unchanging of all of the necessary tasks of daily

368 East First South values. It helps him learn that he living. A boy of eight will not wash

1062 East 2100 South has duties as well as rights and his dishes like an adult. Parents are

if significant are in this only willing not lucky he is to go through EM 3-5262 acts life, life his present future several years but for of "just plugging."To

Salt Lake City, Utah

464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA force him to wash exactly like a SUMMER WEDDING!grownup would be extremely disastrous. The same is true in cutting

lawns, washing cars, or any other BRIGHTLY FORMAL!

work in which a boy is asked to help.

Perfection takes time. Learning Handsomely correct, and so comforttakes time. Meanwhile a certain

amount of imperfection must be able! See our large selection of

tolerated or there will be no learnsummer formals. Sparkling, lighting. A mother who constantly weight.

picks up after her children will never motivate them to pick up after JUST RIGHT FOR YOUR WEDDING!themselves. A mother who "can't

stand"to let the children do things COMPLETE FORMAL RENTAL SERVICE because "they are so sloppy about it"is depriving them of a chance to learn how not to be sloppy. Ittakes patience—sometimes castiron SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

patience—to make a "laboratory of 1701 SOUTH 11TH EAST IN 7-9494

learning."SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH This also means that the pace in

a home is not top factory speed. If MAIL ORDERS INVITED - PROMPT SERVICE

it were, the whole family would get ulcers. Mothers knows that the

kids come home from school and

Dad comes homes from work to get a little pleasant relaxation. She

therefore usually gets her rest in the afternoon before they return so she WURLlTZER can go into high gear and get dinThe Name That Means Music To Millions ner ready while the rest of the family members are recharging their Music Develops respective batteries. Perhaps after Personality—Popularity

dinner, they can step up their pace

Happinessas they get to studying, doing the

More People Buy Wurlitzer Pianos dishes, or attending to other houseThan Those of Any Other Name. Learn to Play Today

hold chores.

Outstanding Wurlitzer To Be Born of Goodly Parents Features...

So we conclude by saying, it is a Models from Special Terms High Fidelity Sound great heritage to come from goodly $25.00 down Board

is life's Itparents. of choicest one Backs Laminated Oak a to raisedblessings by be man and $52500 30tomonthspay pin block piano Grand to tried truly a good be whowoman

king and a good queen, who presided If you can't come in, phone or mail coupon 10 year guarantee over their tiny empire with dilitoday gence and humble anxiety, who did Send pictures—description—prices Glen Bros. Music Co.

unto their children as they would 246 So. Main St.

like to have been done by. Salt Lake City, Utah

And what parents of a successful Phone EM 3-4434 family can help exclaiming, "Oh, the joy and blessing of obedient and loving children!"No matter how

famous or rich a man and woman might become, it is tarnished fool's gold compared to the treasures of their lavish heartshappiness which THE see the obediand minds when they ence, love, and success of their own WEST wellraised children. In fact, it isin this kind of family circle that the GREW UP

total, fruition of all mortal cosmic finds of IN zenithexistence its ultimate happiness and contentment. It is

the nearest thing to paradise that human beings may enjoy on earth. IT?7il AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL

JUNE I960 465 MEIfiHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

Are we, as brethren of the priesthood, following the Lest What of the servicemen's program?

program of the Church where our brethren in the armed services are concerned?

Or are our servicemen forgotten men? We Under the direction of the First Presidency, instrucence to encourage the brethren of the priesthood Forget tions were given at the April, 1960, general conferanew to care for the spiritual wellbeing of their

brethren in the armed services.

While scores of thousands gave attentive heed, the voices of Elder Harold B. Lee, chairman of the Church

servicemen's committee, and others, summarized many of the provisions of the program for servicemen.

Lest we forget, the following excerpts from that dramatic presentation are here recorded for the guidance and help of all concerned. Some of the excerpts

are instructions to young Jerry Goodfellow, a recently returned missionary who is going into the service.

That which follows is quoted from the conference presentation:

The servicemen's program of the Church provides a method for keeping in contact with members in the armed forces throughout the world so that these brethren and sisters may receive the spiritual guidance and direction they so much need....

Look Magazine in the issue of March 1, I960, described the conditions that face some servicemen. It

described life in a city of sin and sorrow, and says that the best place a soldier in Korea can find to spend his time on a pass is in the refugeepacked capital

of Seoul. Here, the magazine says, he is besieged by responsibilities to myself and to the Church. I deadvances of every kind of sin. A strange city is cided not to go into town, and I am sure I saved myself

always lonely for a soldier far from home. This is from a tragic mistake. I will be eternally grateful

especially true of our young men in the service who for the thoughtfulness of my bishop and for the are accustomed to living in good LDS homes. stabilizing influence of the Church during my time in

Listen to this excerpt from an actual letter received the service."

by the servicemen's committee from a young Church What greater reward could we ask than to be able member serving in the navy: to make such a contribution to the eternal happiness

"This ship is a small one, yet there are at present of one of our brothers? The purpose of the servicethree LDS members aboard. Of the three, only one men's program is to help our brethren and sisters

of us receives the Church Section of the Deseret News, in the armed services to become worthy of the blessand only one has received any letters, tracts, or ings promised them by the First Presidency in a pamphlets. Without these, and with few chances message to the servicemen delivered in the closing

to attend meetings, we lose track of the Church, and session of the 112th general conference of the Church:

in a short time lose ourselves. I was one of those that "To our young men who go into service, no matter

lost—and in my mind, what has been lost is lost for whom they serve or where, we say live clean, keep the

all time. I see little point in returning at this late commandments of the Lord, pray to him constantly to

date to the fold."preserve you in truth and righteousness, live as you

Here's another letter addressed, "Dear Brother pray, and then whatever betides you the Lord will be

McConkie."It was published recently in the Era. with you and nothing will happen to you that will not

It tells the story of a young member of the Church be to the honor and glory of God and to your salvawho would rather remain alone in the barracks on tion and exaltation. There will come into your hearts

weekends than go to town with associates who do from the living of the pure life you pray for, a joy not make worthy companions. Listen to what this that will pass your powers of expression or underyoung man says about his lonely weekends in camp: standing. The Lord will be always near you; he will

"During this period, you have only two things to look comfort you; you will feel his presence in the hour

forward to—your Church meetings and your friends, of your greatest tribulation; he will guard and protect

with whom you only spend an hour or two a week—you to the full extent that accords with his all wise

and those precious letters from back home. Very purpose..,. When you return to your homes, having

often when you need that letter or Church Section lived the righteous life, how great will be your happior The Improvement Era, it just isn't there."ness... that you have lived as the Lord commanded.

The servicemen's program, if properly followed, You will return so disciplined in righteousness that will help prevent his loneliness and provide an anchor thereafter all Satan's wiles and stratagems will leave for young men while they are away from home.... you untouched. Your faith and testimony will be

The rewards in this work are great because the prostrong beyond breaking. You will be looked up to

gram involves the guidance of young men during a and revered as having passed through the fiery furnace very critical period in their lives. A serviceman told of trial and temptation and come forth unharmed.

one of the General Authorities this story about the Your brethren will look to you for counsel, support, effect of a simple incident in his life: and guidance. You will be the anchors to which

"I was about to leave the barracks to go into town thereafter the youth of Zion will moor their faith in with some of the men in my barracks. We were to man."

meet some girls, and I knew the plans were not those With your help and constant attention to the servwhich would be appropriate for a member of the icemen's program, our young men throughout the

Church. As I opened my foot locker, I noticed a copy world will feel the influence of the Church and will

of The Improvement Era which had been sent to me be instilled with the desire to be worthy of the promby my bishop. I hadn't read it, nor did I read it at ises made to them by the First Presidency. God grant

that time. But it reminded me of home and of my that it may be so.

JUNE I960 467 Quorum Adviser's Calling Demands

TIME, ENERGY and TALENTS

In the Church there are a multitude of opportunithey weren't they couldn't begin to do that which is ties to serve. The vast number of organizations within expected of them.

the Church give many an opportunity to make a Time? The preparation and presentation of lessons

real and personal contribution to the work of the is only a start, but it is a start. How much time should

Lord. And in few Church positions is this opportunity be devoted to such preparation? This cannot be

so clear and everpresent as in the position of adviser answered in terms of hours and minutes and will vary to a quorum of Aaronic Priesthood bearers under 21. with the individuals concerned, but in the case of the

But where much is given, much is expected. average instructor it will be several times the amount

If an adviser to an Aaronic Priesthood quorum of time required to present the material. The adviser

thinks his job is to deliver a lesson weekly and occashould be familiar with supplemental materials and sionallv issue an invitation to absentee members—this be prepared to answer intelligently related questions

much and no more—he is seriously mistaken. These as well as those directly on the subject.

duties are only the beginning. The adviser is responTime must also be devoted to getting to know the

sible for the spiritual welfare of these young Aaronic boys and encouraging them in their work. This is

Priesthood bearers, and since spiritual welfare is probably the big demand on time. Inactives must be

deeply intertwined with temporal welfare, he almost visited and encouraged; members often need to be

invariably finds himself kneedeep in the latter as picked up on the way to meeting; socials, in which

well. He is an adviser, a counselor, not merely a fellowship is strengthened and actively encouraged,

teacher or instructor. The term "adviser"is wellmust be periodically held.

chosen, for the good adviser touches and assists the Then there are the meetings. Meetings with the

Aaronic Priesthood bearer in every phase of his life. bishopric, meetings with the ward committee, meetThe importance of this work can scarcely be overings with the stake committee (including stake

emphasized. Sociologists, psychologists, and religious priesthood leadership meeting)... allimportant and

leaders are unanimous in their pronouncement that all timeconsuming. Aaronic Priesthood bearers are

these years—the socalled "teens"—are the years in encouraged to attend priesthood meeting, Sacrament

which men are made. The beliefs, attitudes, and meeting, MIA, and Sunday School. A quorum adviser

habits acquired in this period remain with most of us should set the example and also actively support throughout our lives. This is the time of seeking, of these meetings.

asking, of learning, of open minds and shifting emoMaking assignments and following up on them are tions. That the proper attitudes toward God, man, important parts of the calling of an adviser. He

and life be acquired is critical, and to the quorum supervises and participates in welfare and Church adviser is given the awesome responsibility to see service projects with the members of his quorum.

that they are. Whenever possible, he should supervise through

The assignment is demanding; it demands the best and with his quorum officers; they too have a calling

in the way of time, energy, and talent that gifted leadto fulfil, and the adviser, although he should work ers can give. And our advisers are gifted leaders—if closely with them, should not preempt their duties.

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA One of the greatest possessions a man can enjoy

Ward Teaching Supplement: is that of freedom. Many of the finest men this world

AVOIDING DEBT has seen have given their lives that we might more fully realize this priceless gift. Latterday Saints are

especially cognizant of its toorth; it is a part of the

gospel that we have jealously protected from the period of the restoration to the present day.

But even as we acclaim our right to he free, many of us are losing our freedom... little by little, piece

by piece—not to worldly powers, but to our own bad

habits and misdeeds. These are as cruelly enslaving

as any dictator the world has known.

One of the most dangerous of these is debt. The

fact that this often appears, at first glance, to be relatively harmless only increases its hazard.

A person in debt is not his own master. To the degree

that he has taken on debts, he has sold himself into slavery—not physical slavery, perhaps, but a very real

Energy? If his quorum is to be active and enthusiasslavery nonetheless. In addition to discarding a part

tic, the adviser will be active and enthusiastic. A of his free agency, he gambles, and gambles somewhat

phlegmatic attitude can only result in decreased atrecklessly... on his future and the future of thetendance, slacking interest, and disciplinary problems.

society of which he is a part. Optimism is commendTalent? By all means, and in abundance. The able, but many have learned through sad experience

adviser, like Paul, must be "all things to all men."

that realism too is a virtue.

Allow us to mention a few. Debt has lost much of the moral onus that was

First and foremost, he must be that very special once attached to it. The severe legal sanctions that

kind of leader known as a "boys'man."He must could in the past have been invoked against debtors

understand boys and be able to communicate with have all but disappeared. The growth of big business

them; speak their language and enjoy the things they and big government have brought about deficit

enjoy. He must be one with them, however, without spending, heavy taxing, longterm buying, extensive

being one of them. There is a difference—being mortgaging and other practices ivhich have blurred

childlike rather than childish—and it is allimportant. the outlines which once were so clear. In this era

He must be a competent instructor. A certain acof the inflationary spiral, even the social stigma that

quaintance with teaching methods is invaluable. He once accompanied the debtor has vanished. The

must know how to lead a discussion and get all—the probable explanation for this is that there are so

quiet and the rowdy, the youngest and the oldest—many of them.

to participate on a common level. He must know The leaders of the Church have remained constant

the material he is to present and be ingenious in its in this upheaval in cautioning the members about livpresentation—projecting his personality but not his ing within their means and about the hazards of

personal ideas. borrowing money and instalment buying. We have

He must also be industrious, imaginative, persistent, all heard their counsel in this matter; many of us

friendly, outgoing, and firm enough to earn the recan recall the pointed anecdotes and admonitions of spect of his quorum. He should have a wide sphere that great champion of solvency, President Heber J.

of interests and abilities. He should be neither stiff, Grant.

unapproachable, nor quicktempered. When budgeting and buying, many factors must be

Above all, he should take a personal interest in each taken into consideration. Sometimes it appears that

member of his quorum. He should get to know and a limited amount of debt for a limited time might be

appreciate them as individuals as well as deacons, justified. But prudence and discretion must at all

teachers, or priests. His interest in them should go times be exercised. Haste still makes waste; and

far beyond merely seeing that they attend their meetalthough a penny saved may not be what a penny ings and earn their awards (important as these might saved was twenty years ago, it is still worth saving.

be). A full realization of this opportunity will make And finally, there is no feeling quite like the feeling

him an influence for good with few parallels in the of being free from debt—there is something uniquely

Church today. satisfying about itJUNE I960 469

This haffiy Today's Family:

Florence B. Pinnoch, Editoratmospnefe

The little old word "don't"springs so quickly to a offspring. Digestion is impaired when unpleasantness

mother's lips. It seems to be easier to say "don't"develops at the dinner table. Make dinner a happy,

than it is to say, "please do."This is something to happy time that will be stored up in each child's

watch. Our "don'ts"can become so numerous that memory and carried with him through life. To do

they become unheard. Building positive attitudes in this every member of the family has a definite replace of negative ones is the responsibility of Mother sponsibility. Tension should be dissolved in laughter

and Dad. There is a time and a place for "don't"but and joyful conversation. Even tiny children are

not at the dinner table. All this teaching should be susceptible to the emotional climate around them and

done day by day a little at a time in the positive vein. will react accordingly. This happy atmosphere deAfter a long hard day, parents are prone to sit down pends a great deal on what is discussed at the dinner

to dinner with a critical eye for the mistakes of their table. A good rule for conversation at this time is

470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA never talk about the four "D's,"death, debt, dirt, and tender. Remove mint and drain, using liquid in the

disease. To eliminate these four subjects may limit white sauce. Arrange vegetables in a casserole: add

the conversation considerably at first, but it will go the white sauce, top with cheese. Brown in 375 de-

a long way in making dinner time a happy time. Telegree F. oven.

vision in no way enhances this family gathering. Table

etiquette and conversation techniques will never be Garden Potpourri learned eating on a tray in front of a TV set. One of Circle a large tray with ruffled lettuce and center

the loveliest pictures in the world is a nicely set it with a bowl of dieter's dressing. Then fill in on

dinner table surrounded by a father, mother, and top of the lettuce with as many of the following fresh happy children. vegetables as you can gather together: radishes, little

In June this table could be placed out on a terrace whole carrots, cucumber sticks, celery slivers, young or patio with colorful flowers and pottery to help peas in the pods, new tiny wax beans, cauliflower, paint a gay picture. June is a happy month with all green onions, slices of zucchini, tomato wedges, and

summer reaching out ahead. Poets have rhymed June, thin strips of turnips. Serve this beautiful, colorful

croon, spoon, and moon, why don't'you this month tray proudly as an accompaniment to a hot fish make poetry with the wonderful fresh vegetables and casserole.

fruits coming onto the market?

Any vegetable can be a choice dish. The family Dieters Dressing

will learn to enjoy eating every variety if you cook 1-8 oz. can of tomato sauce

each vegetable with love and tenderness. Vegetables 1 tablespoon lemon juice

aren't to be drowned in quarts of salted water. This 1 tablespoon garlic vinegar

way they lose their minerals and vitamins along with 1 teaspoon onion salt their delicate, fresh flavor. Specialize in cooking and Dash of dill and celery seed

seasoning vegetables just right and watch even the % teaspoon Worcestershire sauce most common and homely vegetables grow in popuVi teaspoon pepper larity on your dinner table. Combine all ingredients in a jar with a tight fitting

The first and most important rule is not to overcook. lid and shake thoroughly. Chill.

For most vegetables use a very small amount of boiling salted water and cook covered until just Garden Fresh Peas tender. With strong flavored vegetables cook unShell 2 pounds of fresh peas. Reserve about 6 green

covered in just enough boiling water barely to cover. pods and place them in a pan with 2 or 3 fresh green

We naturally lose some minerals and vitamins in the lettuce leaves and the shelled peas. Add 3 tablespoons

water so never throw it down the sink. In some homes of butter, 3 tablespoons water, and Vz teaspoon salt.

the sink receives much more nourishment than the Cover tightly and cook until just tender. Remove the

family. lettuce and pods, add a dash of freshly ground black

At this time of year obtain the very freshest produce pepper and serve hot.

possible and forget about the frozen and canned variety during this growing season. Be creative in Peas Plus *- '

your preparing of vegetables. Use that artist's touch Add a dash of nutmeg and 1 cup picked little

in cooking and seasoning them just right. Never forget onions to 2 cups of cooked new peas. Serve piping

the wonderful treat of eating raw vegetables fresh hot.

from the garden. Here are a few suggestions of vegetables cooked and seasoned with a flair. Minted Peas

Add V4 cup of chopped fresh mint the last 2 minutes

Summer Medley of cooking new peas. Season with salt, butter, and

2 cups of shelled new peas a dash of freshly ground pepper.

10 tiny new potatoes, pared 1 bunch fresh green onions, cut into 1 inch pieces Peas for Lamb

Sprig of mint Cook new peas just until tender. Fold in JA cup of

Wz cups thin white sauce mint jelly, heat and serve.

Vs. cup grated American cheese

Cook potatoes and mint in a small amount of boiling Young Green Beans salted water for about 15 minutes, add the onions and Wash, remove ends and strings, cut crosswise, in peas and continue cooking until vegetables are just 1 inch pieces, or shred lengthwise (Frenched). Cook,

JUNE 1960 471 Telephone Service For covered in a very small amount of NEW boiling water for 20 or 30 minutesjust until tender and serve immeHotels and Motels diately.

Guest Dialing brings more efficiency and convenience Seeded Green Beans

Top hot cooked green beans with to your operation a generous spoonful of commercial sour cream and sprinkle with caraWith Guest Dialing, your guests dial their own way seeds.—Good with baked ham.

calls to shops in your establishment—barber and Hot Green Beans

beauty shops, travel desk, food service, etc. This means Top hot cooked green beans with

less traffic through your switchboard and fewer operhorseradish-flavored whipped cream, ators. sprinkle with paprika.

Southern Beans

To see a complete Guest Dialing installation, visit Toss hot cooked string beans in the World Motel at 1900 South State Street in Salt garlicflavored butter. Garnish with

Lake City. For information on this new service, call chopped peanuts and chopped

our business office. pimento.

String Beans MOUNTAIN STATES TELEPHONE Mustard of melted butter Add a tablespoon and a tablespoon of prepared mustard to hot string beans.

Young Carrots

Wash and pare or scrape. Leave

whole, slice, or cut in strips. Cook

in small amount of boiling water seaNOW soned with salt and a dash of sugar. AT YOUR Young carrots require about 15 minutes of cooking. GROCERY STORE

Variations:

Add chopped mint to glazed carrots. H0MEPAK Add 2 cups of cooked mashed

-Brandcarrots to 1 cup drained apple sauce butter, tablespoons salt, pepand 4 light. 1O0KW—AllOthtr Sizes—600Voltages,WaltPhases.to per. until very Whip CALIFORNIA Pour over cooked carrots a sauceUSE POWER TOOLS WITH DEPENDABLE

ELECTRIC SEEDLESS made1 tablespoonof 3 tablespoonslemon meltedjuice, butter,and 3 OWER PLANTS tablespoons chopped parsleyYou save 4 big ways with a Add cooked sliced carrots and electric plant: WINPOWER ripe chopped olives to a medium automatically plant idles (1) load when RAISINS

.. fuel cuts cost thick sauce. white

... islowersoff.noise.. extends engine.

life; less costs (2) to buy... priced to The World's Finest Tasty Zucchini

all beat competition;

speeds production (3) supplying up by Slice in zucchini saute small a and Raisins cost, low instant job; tne on power

it just until loses of butter gives long (4) you and dependable service years backed of Since by 35 1890 itsamount crispness. lightly sprinkle Then experience. Portable manufacturing

cradle units or two wheel dolly with finely chopped spring onions types. start vinegar. of a dash Don't COMPLETE FREE BROCHURE AND

MAIL. RETURN this until dish INFORFRESNO preparingand SENT BY the family MATION

is about ready to sit down at the table. WINPOWER MFC. CO. HOME PACKING

Dept. NEWTON, IOWA COMPANY Chicken Broccoli

Distributed by 1 can of condensed cream of chicken

L. CO. A. JONES

St.1120 Richards Salt Lake City, Utah soup DA 2-5849 When you think of TRAVEL Vs cup of milk

Ideal tor pound broccoli, cooked and

CONSTRUCTION - HOME - FARM Think of MURD0CK TRAVEL drained. CAMPING

WELFARE 51 North State Salt Lake City, Utah and EMERGENCY PROGRAMS DA 2-1 129

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Gold Ribbon Winner from Wyoming gives you an easy refrigerator recipe for

Blend milk in sonp and simmer for about 2 minutes. Pour hot chicken

sauce over broccoli and shred some Crispy Cookie Cake cheese on top. Serve.

"You'll love this easy new refrigerator way to bake,"

Parsley New Potatoes says Mrs. Carl Hageman of Douglas, Wyoming, who

Cook 10 tiny new potatoes in boilwon the Gold Ribbon for yeast baking at the ing water to which 2 sprigs of mint Wyoming State Fair. "There's no kneading, no

the leave dough overnight in the and fuss. You mix salt hasand added. been When

refrigerator. crispy Next day cookie bakethe potatoes are rebarely tender,

cake that with flavor wonderful yeast only can the amove mint and mixture add give. course use Fleischmann's Active Of Dry butter,of 4 tablespoons melted

... it's fast 1 Yeast easy, the and kind we juice,teaspoon lemon and xk cup

like prizewinning best."cooksminced parsley.

Scalloped Potatoes Crispy Cookie Cake solved yeast and add to flour mixture.

1 can condensed tightly. Combine lightly. Cover Recream of mush- 1 package or cake Fleischmann's room soup overnight. Divide dough Yeast, active dry or compressed frigerate

% cup milk 14 cup warm, not hot, water (cool half. On floured board roll each piecein

% teaspoon salt to lukewarm for compressed yeast) into 18 x 12 inch rectangle. Sprinkle

sifted 4 flour cups with remaining sugar mixed with cinnaofDash pepper 1 salt teaspoon Roll up tightly mon. beginning at wide tablespoons 2 onions or minced 1 teaspoon grated rind lemon

1 end. roll each into slices. Cut inch

1 chives sugar cups 14 side Place cut greased up baking on 1 sticks) cup Blue (2 Bonnet Margarine tablespoons 3 parsley minced sheet. Flatten with of hand. palm Bake eggs, beaten 2 sliced 5 cups potatoes cooked about at 400F. 12 minutes. 1 Makes cup milk scalded cooled and 3 tablespoons butter to lukewarm 36.

1 tablespoon cinnamon into milk Blend soup well and salt,heat. onion, pepper, Add and InIn largea smallbowlbowl,combinedissolveflour,yeastsalt,in lemonwater. SftM

parsley. Arrange a layer of potatoes rind, 14 cup sugar. Cut in margarine EftST

in a greased 2 quart casserole; pour with fork. Combine eggs, milk, disin half of the mushroom sauce, re- V.ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS I NCORPO RATED. /

peat layers. Dot with butter, cover,

and bake in 375 degree F. oven for

about 30 minutes—remove cover last

10 minutes of cooking. Binding your Eras?

Paprika Potatoes 8 medium sized potatoes 2 tablespoons bacon fat send a 4c stamp for

Vs cup corn flake crumbs IV2 teaspoon paprika 1959 index

IV2 teaspoons salt

Pare potatoes, brush with melted fat, roll in mixture of crumbs, paThe Improvement prika, and salt. Bake covered in

greased pan at 425 degrees F. for 3RIDAL GOWNS Era

about 45 minutes or until tender. FORMALS

Remove cover last 10 minutes of DRESSES 50 North Main Street baking. LINGERIE Salt Lake City 1 1, Utah

Tiny Beets with the Greens Clean and wash thoroughly, do not cut off tiny beets. Cook covered

in a very small amount of boiling, salted water. Turn with fork from

time to time. Drain, sprinkle with QUICKLY FOLD

melted butter, a little lemon juice, OR UNFOLD!

Seating Maximumand a dash of nutmeg. Folding 38 South Main Salt Lake City Minimum Storage

.. Tables BeetsOrange 2 cups of cooked sliced beets PERFECTIONEEREDBetter appearance, and strength.% cup sugar DRINK durabilityFinest construction,

salt 1 finish. teaspoon workmanship, 9llitcheU

top of Choice many 1 cornstarch tablespoon colors. materials and ficq A delightful

for Folder Write for those hot beverage *m who don't drink coffee. MITCHELL MANUFACTURING CO.

AT YOUR GROCERS Dept. A-10, Milwaukee 46, Wisconsin.

JUNE 1960 473 4j LIVING J STEREO MIRACLE -SURFACE

BOW THE rcaVictorK DE LUXE ALBUM OF GREAT 1 tablespoon butterWESTWASWON WESTERN SONGS with LIFE uvz cup orange juice (Photo Story) New on RCA Victor exceptCook theuntilbeets.clear allAddthe ingredientsthe sliced

beets and heat.

44 songs of the West presented by Bing Crosby,

Rosemary Clooney, Jimmie Driftwood, The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and other favorites. PLUS,

24page booklet edited from the famous LIFE

The selections in this 2 record set, magazine series.

were chosen after exhaustive research. Many days were spent in

archives of the the ORDERS MAIL Library of 2-record setof material. in quest Congress

filled day. Utah same

These, then, are the actual songs stereo 11.98, residents add 2Vi%

the of pushed back men who tax. Postage 15c

wilderness. the tunes they The

each set. the as they whistled faced unhigh fidelity 9.98

known, the ballads which imparted courage to the brave hearts.

This music helps bridge a century.

these songs Through feelings of the pioneer we share—thehis: issi i

tribulations triumphs, his and ScsitoLake City, Utah aspirations. laughter, his

Next time STAYAT..HOTEL

TEMPLE SQUARE Salt Lake City's Newest Hotel Overlooking Historic Mormon Temple Square

ON BEING A LADY

The Golden Rule

AIR CONDITIONED Twentyone young men were

I TELEVISIONFREE PARKING for broughtof their togetherdreams. toWouldn'tdiscuss theit havegirl

and DINING GUESTS HOTEL listen in being without to fun been in siyis: EXCELLENT FOOD

is to thing have next best seen? The COFFEE SHOP OUR MODERN hmm< 111

: W$$\ and DINING ROOMS a report of this meeting. They made

POPULAR PRICES a list of the things they admired most in girls. All twentyone of

Clarence L. West, Hotel Manager Phone EL 5-2961 them somewhere on their list men75 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah tioned personal appearance, and they all added, "doesn't mean beautiful, but it does mean being clean,

neat, wellgroomed, and smartlook- ing."Just as many listed a good

character, adding, "We like TEMPLE TOUR moral HAWAIIAN standards and a girl with ideals and required for tour) (Temple recommends them."to the courage stand up for Departing from Los Angeles intelligence, next Then came December 27, I960 sonality, meaning especially a senseperINC. JETS AIRLINES VIA UNITED disposition, of and a happy humor

tours including days 10 wonderful clarify- a lady, being then they listed island of Hawaii, the big of Maui, and Oahu,

President Tietjen of Hawaiian Temple has ing this by saying they wanted a girl approved January 4th and 5th for Temple who knew how to act under all conwork for tour members. ditions, "She must be gracious, kind,

and thoughtful."

Does this list surprise you? Those

fellows were leaders at their schools

TH/VVEL BUREAU in activities and in scholarship. Any

Phone DUdley 4-4440 229 Las Vegas Blvd. South Las Vegas, Nevada

JVIAKE RESERVATIONS NOW 474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

10 VARIETIES TO For your Ward Parties CHOOSE FROM one of them was the kind of fellow POTATO & EGG you would want to know. Now let's MACARONI

list again the five things they adCOLE SLAW mired most in girls: good personal BLACK CHERRY

appearance, high moral character, FRUIT SALAD intelligence, personality, and being (in strawberry or lime gelatin) a. lady. Some other qualifications MANDARIN

mentioned frequently were: good 1 PERFECTIONconversationalist, cultured, ambi-.l - 1*! (vegetables in lime gelatin)

WALDORFtious, background, good mixer, good fruit in and nuts loyalty,femininity, and gelatin) good comgolden(assortedcolored lemonmon sense. Wil MOLDED GOLD

How do you qualify? Check your- (carrot & pineapple in orange

self on each attribute mentioned. gelatin)

Now what can you do about you? HAWAIIANFirst, you must really want to be IN BULK? (pineapple in lemon gelatin)

that wonderful kind of person enough to be willing to work hard at it. Second, take a clean piece of Call DAvis 2-7 29 7

paper and make two headings: One,

how can I make the outside of me the best possible me? Perhaps you

would list under this heading: be packed serves

clean, be wellgroomed, stand tall, walk like a beauty, be graceful, be 1 lb. 4-5

modest, be happy, be sure your 6 lb. 2530

smile is showing, etc. Two, how can 11 lb. 4555

I make the inside me the best per30 lb. 120150son possible? Maybe you would

then list: be wideawake, be aware,

be in the know, be interested, be appreciative, be sincere, don't try to Bulk Chili Con Carne for Parties borrow someone else's personality, build a better one of your own, be active at Church, school, etc., be

kind, be spiritual—never being

set your Church, of yourashamed (L stick to them, andown standards MM etc. Your list will be twice this long.

Next write down concrete things you can do to carry out these different goals. Then all you have to do is

start working. Each day will lead

you nearer to being that girl you are dreaming about.

In all this doing always remember you are somebody very special, don't waste yourself, be that lady you were intended to be. Never forget

that wonderful rule of doing to others what you would like them to do to you.

NOSTALGIA

by O. M. Detty

Do young lads still go fishing down Complete Menu and Recipes at Your Grocer's by the old red bridge, Squeeze mud through bare, brown Display of Morning Milk toes, pick wild berries on the ridge,

Or, in winter, hunt rabbits through Here are easyto-fix dishes the whole family will a sifting of snow, rave about. The secret? Morning Milk, of course.

Prowling through the woods with For Morning Milk is doublerich, betterblending that special something to your favorite their dog?—I would like to know.—adds

recipes. Easy on the budget and with far fewer

calories than cream Looks, Pours, Whips like Cream!... tastes even better!

JUNE i960 475 Add Eye Appeal lesson the he merely nods toward Talking with Them and Vitamin C Are You class the then asks the board, or to Them? thing like, "What do you think,"someor

(Continued from page 391) "How many disagree?"and "why?"

It is only natural that the discussion encourages the thought process but which follows will eventually bring sets the stage for discussions that him to a position where he can ask follow. ) This teacher presents the the more important questions.

problem, then asks a question such The effectiveness of these discusas "What should this girl do?"or, sions, however, depends on a most

"What would you advise her to do?"important trait in the teacher, the

or, "What would you do if you were ability to avoid what might be in her position?"The teacher makes termed "repressive authoritarianism."

certain, however, that the problem positive his in teacher must be A realistic and challenging enough t4$mB&s is course, also of opinions, but he must to give real food for thought. A make each member of the class feel

- situation, for example, in which a that his contribution is appreciated.

girl has to decide whether or not to The teacher's summary, which Fruit go out with a popular fellow who should always follow a controversial

certainly thought stimulate more and final discussion, answers. how- A discussion more constructive than FreshFormerly FRUITFREEZE hasa a reputation for "necking"will discussion, is the logical place for ever, is the that assumption built on

Easy "nofailure"way to freeze a less subtle problem such as there will be a variety of opinions or whether she not help should rob fruits or can your subject. the Furthermore, on a even

store. first if a situation, The discoloration protects Stops and of basis the answer wrong have may skilfully, handled can help young fruit flavor natural it, the astute a within idea good and

girls to for decide themselves the fruit for salads fresh Keeps this in points teacher the out who standards set will for they judging serving before hours a go long summary toward may way of the to fellows kind they want extra or to vitamin frozen Adds C a that showing student backward not, date incidentally, and point flavor up juices—improves canned is, all, after appreciated. he During lessons to important some the boys is \ 9 8 f. can;<||| One the discussion the period teacher class. in lbs. v. for 75 enough 4

else's to needs ask merely someone **1 fruit asking of opinion questions, When such as those indicated above, it is opinion, keeping his own participaimportant to let everyone have his tion to a minimum. The idea behind

say. Even if the teacher feels a a class discussion is that all particime end od dfe"certain answer is wrong, he should pants are intelligent enough to think

control the immediate impulse to for themselves, and to change their correct it. A welldirected question, opinions if necessary. Repressing

such as, "Do you feel the same way, their incentive to talk by immediateMary?"(and the teacher should be ly rejecting any wrong answer will

reasonably sure that Mary doesn't defeat the purpose.

feel the same way), can sometimes The ultimate success of a class disTYPEWRITERS be"you'remore wrong."effective thanThe anteacherimmediatemenkindcussionof largelyquestionsdependsthe teacherupon asks.the

.. 15 INCH.. tioned above always ends discusThese must be as carefully prepared

SUITABLE FOR sions with a teacher's summary of as any lecture material. Questions

what has been said, and makes this of fact (who? what? where? when?)

are important, but are hardly to the reinforce the most type that stimulate original thinkconstructive GENEALOGY WORK herthoughtfulopportunityand suggesing. "Thought"tions questions that (why? have This, been made. SAVE!! what would she finds, you do adds to authority if...? more her 25% to 60% statements and opinions, for many would you feel if...?) are betterhow

ON FACTORY REBUILTS of them have already come from the keys to student attitudes and genWrite class itself. erally stimulate more meaningful

For Free Literature A teacher of college students and discussions. In teaching Church

adults has found that a slightly history to teens one teacher recogcontroversial statement written on nizes the need to build appreciation the board can often stimulate a good for the problems of past leaders by

Business Machines and Supplies discussion. He warns, however, that posing similar problems for the

student. stimulate a statement appreciation such carefully should To be State 757 So. Smith's chosen in conand certainly not of problems for Joseph the type City Salt Lake 11, Utah

that would tend to undermine faith. nection with the Book of Mormon,

His technique is to write a statefor example, he first reviews the ment on the board before the class historical facts in as interesting a

The Improvement Era arrives. When it is time to begin manner as possible, then builds his

12 issues $2.50

until July 1960

476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

class discussion around questions set INSURED such as the following:

"In what way would seeing an An agency of the so Federal Governmentangel make a change in your life? Highest Mm "Suppose something like this hap- W jthpened to you tonight—how many A %

believe your story?people would Dividend Insured Safety no one believed "Suppose you—Bhow could they best find out whether

or not you were telling the truth? your savings received by the 10th earn from the first

(Passing around a Bible or Book of Mormon in a foreign language.

...) "What would you do if I told

you to bring the book back nextweek with the first ten pages corSAVINGS rectly translated into English?

"Joseph didn't even have a dictionary of the language on the goldplates, and the Lord didn't tell him sendOCIATIOIM what words to write. What probformerly Zions Benefit Building Society

lems do you think were his? 33 EAST 1st SOUTH -SALT LAKE CITY

"What value is there in solitude?"4963 SOUTH STATEMURRAY (No one else was in the same compartment with him while he was Utahs Oldest Savings and Loan

translating!

Questions such as these are perHER WEDDING DAY THE CENTER OF S,,,.K;,;-:,:-:,:,,:,,

(\ CONVENIENCE by Ruth Linnea Erickson rt * K NEW AMERICA I

MOTEL CdOeCfi bride and groom have left; theThe 320E AUTBEAUTIFUL A8EROOMSSHOP!:: 6- are gone; guests MAINY SAVONAT fIFTH BSOUTH

And here within her room there lingers on The unpredictableness that was hers

Of dreams and hopes that kept her heart astir. salt lake city

I touch her scattered things, the NOUK accented much paxkuw && of haste; the air still sweetly umh whimL Wot fibppw awi 2 (kmuU Signs

scented; Then open up her album on the shelf, Seeking those dear portrayals of herself. 1959 Era indexes still

A teardrop falls, as now from page available to page, incl ude a 4c stamp From babyhood through every varying stage, The 1mprovement Era

I linger over keepsakes. Time is 50 North Main St.

then, Salt L ake City 11, Utah pianos Of precious years I'll never see again.

I weep; and yet my mother heart is

glad BISHOPS That love can bring to her these joys TO THE CONCERNED PARENT Before buying any organ or piano, see

I've had. the world's finest musical instruments

in foundation proper your church. Phone or write for the getting available child Is your Blessing my darling, I turn out the

to months precious Summer the Use READING? information. further for light, spelling, in by buildexcel and reading help him

And peaceful minutes fill the wells easying a butfirmprofessionalfoundation way.in PHONICS—at home—the

of night. Write for free information about the techniques Summerhays Music

low cost and materials needed to help you in 3719 So. StateAM 2-1061 -S. L. C, Ut.

this work. important

Write To: TEACHER, Box 305, Reseda, Calif.

JUNE 1960 477 sonal thought questions, rather than criticizes interest rates on Western \ ALL OVER THE MAP questions on the sequence of events. loans and credits which are char-r—Sears The students have been exposed acterized as a means of "exploiting"

Is Ready To previously to the facts, and these are the less developed countries and

for the main structure—the personal age."SEARS Serve You now used as foundation material keeping them in "economic bondROEBUCK AND CO appreciation. World political domination, of \S* A few more suggestions on the course, remains the ultimate Soviet

questioning process are important. objective, but the present phase

Questions should include only one probably does not contemplate early charge it, shouldmain pointbe shortfor anddiscussion.simply worded,They palcommunizationtarget countries.of even the princiso that they can be distinctly underIn the current phase of the offenstood. Students who seem reluctant sive any approach other than the

to participate will not usually take "correct"one would be selfdefeat- USA offense if the teacher simply calls ing, and Russia is at present probably on them, but it is often a good techsatisfied with attaining interim obExciting news! Charge whatnique for him to indicate before he jectives considerably short of politiever you want whenever you asks the question that he wants Mary cal domination.

need it, at any of Sears Retail or Bill to answer it. Another way

Stores Sales Ofor Catalog is with this problem to cope the "The Nature of the fices. "at Convenient home"enrol- "card the method,"whereby Offensive"

service as well as for vacation ment cards are kept handy, and the or business trips. Charge it as teacher makes it an occasional pracSince 1954 the Sovietbloc counyou go. tice to ask questions according to tries have concluded agreements

the names on the cards. with 18 of the less developed counFinally, questions must be asked tries outside the Soviet orbit which

as though the teacher confidently exprovide for the extension of an estiSEARS pects an answer. He should avoid mated $2.4 billion in intermediate

"Satisfaction guaranteed the impression that this is a test or and longterm credits and grants. Of

this total, consists million about $782 trying to that he is he show off what or your money back"of credits for of Sovietthe purchase are to reanxious Students knows.

veal what they know, and the teachbloc arms extended to Egypt, Syria, er's task is to give them confidence Iraq, Yemen, Indonesia, and Afghanby allowing them to express what istan. The remaining $1.6 billion

they know, to give them insight by for economic purposes includes allowing them to hear other ideas, $163 million in credits to Yugoslavia, NOW and to give them understanding by which, as a Communist country outhelping them to form conclusions. side the bloc, represents a special in its own This can only come from a teacher case. Communist China is the only

who talks with his students, rather bloc country providing grants of any than to them. consequence. It has granted $61

bindim million to Cambodia, Ceylon, Nepal, and Egypt. is providing about $1.6 These Times The USSR

billion of the total credits, European {Continued from page 372) satellites about $650 million, and

THE APOSTLES ofthe thefollowingeconomicdeeprootedoffensivesentimentsplays on lionCommunistincludingChinagrants.about $120 milin the less developed countries: Interest Rates. One of the feaOE JESUS CHRIST velopment1. The Desireand Higherfor EconomicLiving StandDe- turesdevelopedof Sovietcountriescreditswhich tohas lessatards. This sentiment is generally tracted great attention has been the

with the text by translated into the desire for inlow interest rates, typically 2 or 2.5

dustrial development. percent.

President David O. McKay 2. Dissatisfaction with the Terms Military Assistance. Of the $782

of Trade. The USSR has even gone million in block military credits, a

(from the November 1959 ERA) so far as to buy raw materials it large part has gone to Egypt and does not need—Burmese rice, SudaSyria.

nese cotton—in order to win over the Technical Assistance. Technical

An invaluable teaching lessdevelopedhas at times resoldcountries,thesealthoughproductsit nistassistancebloc is providedclosely relatedby theto Commuits trade at cut prices in the markets of the and credit activities. About 4,000

aidfor teachers or familyproducing countries. technicians spent a month or more

3. Dissatisfaction with the Terms in 17 less developed countries durNow available of Western Aid. Soviet propaganda ing the last half of 1958. Another

at your bookstore

478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hot Dog! Patio Parties and Picnics

2,900 technicians and students from the lessdeveloped countries have gone to Soviet bloc countries for...twice the fun with

study and training during the past years.few TABLE QUEEN BUNS dangerous, "How how extensive, convenience M to a package! Sliced, for your effective eco- 8 the Communisthow

nomic offensive may become still Fresh... delicious! Enriched with vitamins and iro

remains to be seen. Should it fail,

it is safe to assume that other ways of achieving the Soviet goal of world domination will be tried."

To this digest, may be added the following statement from Allen W.

Dulles, quoted recently by John J.

Corson* "In the short space of thirty years, the Soviet Union has grown from a iff Wonderful Heavenly positionrelatively backward HAMBURGERS into For WEINERS For industriallargestbeing the second ized economy in the world. While

their headlong pace of industrializaFor Picnics That C/ick, Get TABLE QUEEN BUNS tion has slowed down moderately in SALT LAKE CITY ROYAL BAKING COMPANY OGDEN the past few years, it still continues to be more rapid than our own."And

Krushchev has stated that: "The

Soviet Union intends to outstrip the.". States economically.United u if the. to According Mr. Corson, USCommittee on World Economic PracBURNED OUT

tices "Boeschenstein Commit- (The REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY fiveparttee") has proposed a answer to these questions. A fire may mean you are out of a place to live,

First, the enlistment of private with tremendous added expense before you find enterprise in the development of the another.

underdeveloped countries.

Let us explain your need for ample insurance Second, the development task is so great that aid from this countryto cover today's higher values.

private or public—alone will not

suffice. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

Third, the creation of an Office of HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

Private Participation to serve as the central point in government concerned with assuring that private enterprise is used as fully as possible in bringing about economic development. ( Such an "Office"has!>!<ai,w( l w.n

been created within the International

Cooperation Administration. IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

fragmentation the present Fourth, Beginning Next Month for Aids in treatment of Canker, simple of responsibility divisionand sore throat and other minor mouth departforeign 12 many aid among Youth Secpage new A irritations. throat and of committeesments, agencies, and in issue tion of every

our government should be corrected.

The Improvement Era Fifth, the committee pointed up HALLS REMEDY fact overseas that simplethe "actions Salt Lake City. Utah Written for and about Youth

words."It declared than louderspeak

that the creation in the less develand edited by President Marion oped countries of a broad "under- D. Hanks of the First Council of

standing of the United States, its the Seventy and by Elaine Caninstitutions, and its aims is as imnon.

portant as economic assistance."Era subscription rates

Mobilizing for the Real War—The Economic going up July 1 Subscriptions received in June

War (1959), a paper prepared for the National $2.50 a year. Beginning July 1,

Association of Manufacturers. Renew now at $2.50 a year subscriptions will be $3.00 a

See your ward Era director year.

JUNE 1960 479

The Last Word

/\ PLOY! 9*1? Freedom: being able to do what you please without

considering anyone except the wife, police, boss, life insurance company, state, federal, and city authorities, and neighbors.

rn&LEa

Henry Ford, industrialist (18671947): "If I can

When I applied for that job, the manager had the make men of my people, my business will take care nerve to ask if my punctuation is good. of itself. Everything I can do to help them ultimately

What did you tell him? benefits me. The more money I spend on them, the

I said I'd never been late for work in my life. more enthusiasm they will have for my interests, and

the more money they will make for both of us."

A. J. Cronin, English physician and novelist, London, Checking on an applicant's references, the employEngland: "Great achievements are never won the ment office phoned one exemployer and asked:

easy way, but through rigorous selfcontrol. The "During his stay with you, was he a steady worker?"

great pianist Paderewski summed up a life of un- "Yes, steady in a way,"the voice on the other end remitting effort in this remark: 'Before I was master, I replied. "To tell the truth, he was motionless."

was slave.'

Brother (after a quarrel): "Sis, I'll meet you half- I am of the opinion that my

way."life belongs to the whole comSister: "How?"munity, and as long as I live, it

Brother: "I'll admit I'm wrong if you'll admit I'm is my privilege to do for it whatright."soever I can. I want to be thoroughly used up when I die, for

the harder I work, the more I The doctor rushed out of his study. "Get my kit live. I rejoice in life for its

at once!"he shouted. own sake. Life is no "brief

"Why, Dad,"responded his daughter, "what's the candle"for me. It is a sort of

matter?"splendid torch which I have hold

"Some fellow phoned. He can't live five minutes of for a moment, and I want to

without me,"gasped the doctor, reaching for his hat. make it burn as brightly as posHis daughter breathed a sigh of relief. "Just a sible before handing it on to the

moment,"she said quietly. "I think that call was future generations.

for me."—George Bernard Shaw.

Woodrow Wilson, twentyeighth President of the US Arnold Toynbee, distinguished British historian, ( 18561924 ): "The history of London, England: "Religion holds the solution to all

liberty is a history of limitation problems of human relationship, whether they are of governmental powers—not between parents and children or nation and nation.

the increase of them. When Sooner or later, man has always had to decide whether

we resist, therefore, the conhe worships his own power or the power of God.

centration of power, we are When threats force him to look at the limitations of resisting the processes of his human power, he's often ready to seek his spiritual death, because concentration of one. What we need is patience and awe of God's

powers precedes the destrucplan in human history!"

tion of human liberties."

480 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Times Square comes to Salt Lake City.

MEETtfe% -SELLARAMA

At the Crossroads of the West, a new, spectacuper day.

lar news reporting and advertising medium now Less than two minutes elapses between the time serves the residents and visitors of downtown a news bulletin is received in the KSL Radio

Salt Lake City, In letters nearly four feet newsroom until it is flashed to the public in high, news bulletins, weather reports, sports the heart of the metropolis. Special events,

scores, public service messages, commercial such as election night, world series, etc., will

messages and station promotion are flashed be highlighted features of the sign's operation.

across the 70 foot length of the sign 16 hours

The first such advertising spectacle in the West, the BIG K-SELLERAMA is the newest member of the

KSL Radio family!

KSLr-2

Salt Lake City, Utah

1160 KILOCYCLES CLEAR CHANNEL 50 f 000 WATTS

I!his specialty: Your Family 's Future

Your Beneficial Life agent is a lot like the family do well to seek the best professional help when physician. He has the welfare of many families on planning your family security. His advice may

his mind. Every day he diagnoses the insurance save you unnecessary expenses and headaches in

needs of people from every walk of life, and prethe future. You get the very best counsel when you

scribes solutions based on his broad training and call your local Beneficial Life agent. He's wellexperience. An insurance program for one family trained, experienced, and always happy to help

may not be the right solution for another. You will you make your future a "planned future."

BENEFICIAL LIFE trtiakince

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah