////.'flipranemciitFra

OCTOBER, 1939 N RETURN POSTAGE GUA SALT LAKt CITY, UT

TbacL WjjnihIMPROVEMENT

ERA-

(Established 1897)

Will note its 42 YEARS So help me—of lontiinuoud

'twas a whale! SERVICE

I'm giving a stranger the business the

... other day—windshield, tires, water, etc.

The November great"ThisbuyGoldenat 25.ShellGotOil,"everything.I tell him,Tough-"is a

bodied so it can take it, an'fastflowing so nnwersctru it gets to every moving part—the instantA you step on the starter."

I'm about to suggest an oil drain to him will Announce when, whamo, I come up face to face with

.. fish."Yessir,""that there he tells me,

off ew creatures is the Kelluloo, only found Sandwich an the biggest fish I ever saw in my life

And continue with its authoriIslands, 140 fathoms down. Battled him for

tative interpretation of curseven days an'seven nights—finally got him

rently vital happenings. with a depth bomb!"

But I notice some stufnn'stickin'outa one

gill.

KEEP UP WITH THE CHURCH an'heAND THE WORLD—Subscribe I call it to my customer's attention

for and read breaks down an'admits he's a taxidermist.

Never seen no more water than in his Saturday-night bath!

all world, Well, it takes kinds a to makeIMPROVEMENT ain't facts Shell mister, EM but, Golden no themA Nationally Circulated Periodical

Published Monthly in Salt Lake City fish story.

HEBER J. GRANT Sincerely,icerely, - s

JOHN A. WIDTSOE

Editors RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor MARBA C. JOSEPHSON MmAssociate Editor

Character TIP FOR FALL TRAVELERS!

By JACK SEARS It's more economical,

Nationally Known Cartoonist and Illustrator, and a Member more convenient to make WHY DRIVE of the Department of Art, University of Utah every trip this Fall by YOUR CAR? J

good character is the greatest dividendproducer known. When all props UNION PACIFIC

one, if kicked from under have beenone'sA character has and squarely been firmly SUPERCOACH established, it is impossible to be downed. For business, shopping or pleasure trips

Money, property, every tangible asset may enjoy this modern way to travel! Ride

be swept away, but if one's character for luxuriously in airconditioned comfort.

honesty, integrity, sincerity has been firmly No driving strain... no parking probit established, arrive rerelaxed, ride will lems. You

viccarry one to.. full or Sample Low Fares from Salt Lake City freshed. of pep for business

tory. pleasure. And all this is yours for less Los Angeles $ 9.95

What do I mean than it costs you to drive your own car Portland $13.00

by building charPocatello..$ 2.90

acter and how does Denver $ 9.00

one go about build13 Schedules Omaha $17.10

ing character? First Chicago $24.50

of all, one must be Daily From sincere in that which he does, and Salt Lake City he must be honest with himself as well as with others. i s UNION PACIFIC STAGES Reputation

what the world generally catalogues you; character is what you!i 1t are. really J. Pier- i

i pont the Morgan, t7Xc/i; Je4#s

that first, said to ( CHARACTER Counts MOST! i worth I men AN HONEST CHARACTER sme t

t millions he would not t extend one credit, cent of while to i A new survey of 186 American colleges and uni- i*other character men with and he no money versities that the factor considered has revealed give unlimitedwould credit.

i I Is a character good worth having? One * i

I for vocational success of prime importance is CHARttime printer a well I knew came to engage to illustrateme i a book his. for a client of ACTER. ti vulgar, itIt was repulsive, was left and a |

taste.bad The more

read certain it, the more I Since its founding 64 years ago this month, the 1i

I shouldI was have tonothing It Church University has been preeminent in the dewith it. do

meant much money, of velopment of this fundamental quality in its students. l

course, should I illustrate ', it, but how could I do This is education at its best. t

my best without an en- i

t it? forthusiasm I When

i I I told printer the should i i nothing tohave with do UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNGthe surbook, so he was! PROVO. UTAHprised could not he

speak for several sec- i* SCHOLARSHIP—CHARACTER—SPIRITUALITY ionds.

t Another case in mind:!a very wealthy man, a '.:'.'.ViWt:m'.i'.,.,.,. sssassssssssssssg

businessman who dabbled in politics, came to see me about making a cartoon of an idea somepolitics high inone had Fl NEST OVERALL tosubmitted out AMERICA'S be put by the political party. SINCE 1853

My advice was asked H WAS s0 surprised and I was told to name my price. I took the rough drawing of theidea home and analyzed it very carefully. THERE'S A REASON—The next morning I called upon the poliLEVI'S

tician and told him in my opinion the idea Others can't imitate LEVI'S!

would be a detriment to his cause instead of a help, should he use the cartoon. "Well,"

said he, "I submitted the idea to you because

I knew I would get a frank and honest LEVI STRAUSS A NEW PAIR FREEopinion—How much do we owe you?"IF THEY RIP

"Not a cent,"was the answer.

in the That's honest what I mean by being loss face of a could which of money be scratch CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS easily had. And that is one of the most

important requisites of good character.

(Do yojjL JtiwwIn what way the eyes of the world are upon the Church? 579/HmprouementlEra

enDie9el the and by whom 'The Glory of God is Intelligence"When first inreally principle gine was vented? 580

Grant, J. Heber 1939OCTOBER, on the motoring long ago How

1 A. Widtsoe, JohnVOLUME 42 NUMBER was still a hazardous highway Editors

undertaking? 582 L. Evans, Richard

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor In what family a member of the

Marba C. Josephson, fifth generation was baptized in

OFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ORGAN OF THE place by the famous same made Editor Associate

ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMUTUAL IMPROVEMENT first? of the 583 a member Morris, General Mgr. Q. EDUCATION, OFMENT COMMITTEE, MUSIC

Associate Cannon, WARD GeorgeLucy G. Mgr.TEACHERS. OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH AND only, should things what For a man Orton, Business Mgr. J. K.OF SAINTS. CHRIST JESUS LATTERDAY OF 585 rewarded? be

How whole families are being moved

JPlSL fcdit&lL (pJOLCfSL toChurchnew Welfarefarm locationsProgram?in the586

The Reward of Doing..Heber J, Grant 585 Of the difficulties a traveler in Palestine is bound to meet?—587

QhuhdfL JjurfuML The difference between "events"and

The Agricultural Program of the Church C. Orval Stott 586 "happenings"experience? in terms of human588

Palestine Today Joseph Jacobs 587 Under what circumstances Mormon

Tahiti Doyle Green 592 missionaries came to Tahiti nearly ago, a century and how they are II The "Isaiah Problem"in the Book of Mormon—Part there today? 592 on 594 carrying Sidney B. Sperry

The Manner of Translating the Book of Mormon Howof totheaccountKing forJameswholeversionsectionsof Francis W. Kirkham 596 Isaiah in the Book of Mormon? 594

"The Day of His Coming"Music By George H* Durham 604 What Joseph Smith himself wrote Evidences and Reconciliations: XVII—Did the Sun Stand concerning the manner of transStill Upon Gibeon? John A. Widtsoe 609 lating the Book of Mormon? 596

Story of River Ribble Baptism..583 Department of Education: What Columbus himself attributed

Elijah 583 Our Teaching Responsibility, the motive for his voyages of disLooking at Tasmania, L. DougWilliam E. Berrett 621 covery to be? 600

las Johnson 603 Music: Church Choir RehearThe story of the Latterday Saint

Church Moves On 606 sals, Frank W. Asper...622 who has received the title "Dean

Priesthood: Melchizedek 615 Music and Worship, Archer of Trailerites"? 601

Aaronic: Building Boys to L. Willey 622 The dramatic history of the "Organ

D. S. Standards, Ira J. Genealogical Page 623 of Juarez"? 602

Messages: 618 Mutual Markham

Teaching 620 Mormon Ward Singers in Stockholm, WhatCovenantspart ofhas thebeenDoctrineset to musicand

AntiTobacco-Liquor Campaign: LeRoy Olson 624

Shall Liquor and Tobacco BeeHive 625 byposer?a wellknown Church com604

F. in Shorthand, Oliver Merrill Go? Joseph 616 Mormonism

warthe of missionaries 627 Where Certain R. Smith Arabs Smoking....620 on

been troubled have areas in Europe

SfwrioL 3>sttduMA. If transferred?the sun actually stood still as re607

"Praised Be the Fathomless Universe"Joseph F. Smith 588 corded in Joshua? 609

A Man of Destiny E. Cecil McGavin 600 How to govern use of the radio in

The "Dean of Trailerites"Fred V* Dankowske 601 the home? 610

The Organ of Juarez. Fay Tarlock 602 Thevidingresponsibilitysocial education?of parents in pro620

Character, Jack Sears 577 Emma R. Smith 610

The Eyes of the World, M. O. The Cook's Corner, Barbara

EDITORIAL EXECUTIVE AND Burnett 612 B. Ashton 579 OFFICES:

the the Exploring Universe, 613 FrankBook Rack On City, Street, Utah Salt Lake Main 50 North to Advertisers lin S. Harris, Index 630 580 Jr

Inc., a Cor1939. Funds, Mutual by Telefacts 608, 636, Alice Forgotten? Have You ImproveMutual 637 porationCopyright Men's the Young of

Morrey Bailey 582 Your Page and Ours 640 ment Association of the Church of Jesus Christ

Homing: Radio and the Family, scriptionof Latterdayprice,Saints.$2.00 Alla year,rightsinreserved.advance; Sub20c

single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

Postponed Accounting Richard L. Evans 608 Utah,mailingas atsecondclassspecial ratematter.of postageAcceptanceprovidedfor

The Next Generation Richard L. Evans 608 authorizedfor in sectionJuly 2,1103,1918.Act of October, 1917.

is responsible not conbut welcomes Free Agency Marba C, Josephson 608 forTheunsolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era

J'idtism, (posdbu}, Qjwaaw&uL (Pju$$1sl bytributions.sufficientAllpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust beandaccompaniedreturn.

LetBirthday—Aa Fellow ShortBuild Shorta DreamStory BeatriceIrmaK. EkmanHegel 590595 NATIONALREPRESENTATIVESADVERTISING

The Cable—Part I Helen B. Owens 598 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

Frontispiece: Portrait of HarLibraries, Helen Maring 613 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

vest, Vesta P. Crawford 584 THE AUDIT BUREAU OF Scriptural Crossword Puzzle 638 MEMBER OF Poetry 605 Page CIRCULATIONS

JJul Qdvsa.

for the of discovery, of gratitude American October, a month and a monthFOR way A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY fulfilled tribute to Christopher life, our cover Columbus, of a great pays a man who destiny. (See also page 600.) The photographic treatment is by Lionel Green. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

The Eyes of the World lllllflll

YDU CAN ENJOY Are Upon Us By M. O. ASHTON 1

Of the Presiding Bishopric For Zion must increase in beauty, and in holiness; her borders must be enlarged;

her stakes must be strengthened; yea, verily

I say unto you, Zion must arise and put on ] her beautiful garments.—Doctrine and

Covenants 82:14.

AT A REAL SAVING "pROM the beginning of our Church to—Many Families Do! preachedthe presentthe doctrinetime, theof leadersmaking haveour

homes more than just places in which to

TOURISTS ON SQUARE. THEY TEMPLE

LASTCOME, LOOK, AND LEAVE WITH When you use gas for the 4 phasizedeat and sleep.that ourTheyhomeshaveandalwaysour placesemING IMPRESSIONS OF MIND AND household jobs—cooking, water of worship should be clean and beauCAMERA.

heating, refrigeration and house tiful.

bill is really gas what Brigham Read advised Young heating—your

four people bills in one. in early heat authe to do pioneer Gas days bethatestablishedthe mountainin theof thetop Lord'sof the housemountains,shall

tomatically results in a lower Build beautiful cities in which may be and shall be exalted above the hills; and

cost for gas cooking, waterfound magnificent edifices for the conveniall nations shall flow unto it. (Isaiah 2:2.)

heating and refrigeration, beence of the public—handsome streets, skirted This prophecy is being fulfilled towith shade of water trees—fountains the day; cause people the use, more gas thousands you by are comcrystal tree, every shrub and streams—and ing to of the is "the top mountains."the less the rate The cubic per flower that will flourish in this climate, to

foot. No other househeating make our mountain home a paradise.... eyes of the world are upon us. Accordfuel gives you this advantage. Study order and cleanliness—adorn your ing to newspaper reports, Temple

city and neighborhood. Square last year had 335,000 visitors

Make your home lovely... strive to who were shown the grounds by

is little the.. only your attractive fuel make home make guides. This the Remember—gas anexceeds number

it neat. Set out flowers.the around doors, that all of take care can four nual visitors of to number Yellowstone

let the and plant fruit husband shade and It's household jobs. the only still National Park, leader the among... trees Let nestle house your beneath

fully automatic the househeating is national parks. This there year the trees, of cool shade fraand be made

fuel. grant with perfume of flowers. a large increase in the number of visEvery improvement that we make not itors to the Tabernacle grounds. In

only adds to our comfort, but is our wealth. one day there were visitors from eleven

Beautify gardens, your houses, your your nations states, total fortyseven and Order a Furnace a Gas beautify city. the will This for the of people. 3,769 day The us.. happy.. Save Now and 10% makefarms largest registered single number on a

this over 4,200. year was There About two a years ago Church day

are still other the hundreds who visit You can save 10 per cent by orBeautification selected, Committee was dering a new gas furnace now. and under its leadership much good grounds who do not register. Up to

Pay just a small amount down has been accomplished in the camSeptember 14 there was a total of balance on convenient terms. paign: "Our churches shall be beau338,341, when the season was only

Come in tomorrow and talk it tiful."partly over.

over. However, in view of the work yet to These visitors are leaving Temple

be done, only a good start has been Square with a favorable impression, their to according statements and own in this beautification made program.

letters the after they write returning tried visualize in to have our minds We

It is the home. harmony beauty and might what be in accomplished a camAT the of URAL grounds, the buildand unusual this if paign of kind everyone to were

ings that their attract attention. part, take joining each his with neighis, the question the does Now, physin bors a cooperative to beautify way

ical all condition of chapels, our both his home and surroundings, the inside out, all of and our and comchurches, the public buildings and elicit munities the admiration same parks, city the streets, walks and and visitors? from rechapels our Do leading highways into his city. or town

flect the ideals of our our Church, It is the appeal the of Beautification religion, the and membership who to Committee just do than more have in worship them? your apDoes home at a cleanup certain periods of the as like pear visitors you would to see It is year. the appeal to immake

it? pride, you, with visitor take Can a provements constantly. Just a few see to chapels, buildings, your school spent moments each will day do or places? public

in wonders OUNTAIN making FUEL place any more of the people the The world thouby It beautiful. is not always a problem are sands to us. see coming reOur of in beautifying. money than MoreSUPPLY COMPANY sponsibility as individuals as and it that, is desire a to do and accomis to groups prepare to receive these plish things. If it believe Salt Lake—Ogden—Provo you can be visitors. If are not organized we and done, will it. likely you more doSERVING 23 UTAH COMMUNITIES at beautifying communities, our work shall to see! come Many

start at should once. in we "Let Zion

And it shall come to pass in the last days, her beauty rise."

lAjniv&ibjL thsLfxhkrrincLT S W ByR TTVJ S.C HARRIS,HJDDTQ PDAFRANKLIN"MITT JR.TO

'T'he Diesel engine principle was in- A new type of ice is made by the ad- "Ouins of Nestor's Palace, famed in

A vented by the Malay natives at least "dition of a small amount of benzoic A"Homer's Odyssey, have been dis- a thousand years before its invention acid to give noncracking quality to the covered on the promontory of Pylos in Germany. An extremely efficient ice. in the Ionian Sea. Over six hundred

firelighting device used on the Malay 4 Greek documents found in the ruins are

Peninsula consisted of a tightly wrap- "Wttamin B, the complex group of being studied.

ped plunger which was forced into a v watersoluble vitamins found inwooden cylinder by a blow of the hand, rich supply in yeast, liver, and whole >A fourbladed controllable pitch pro- ** peller is being tested by the LI. S.heating the air by compression enough grains has been chemically separated

to light tinder in the bottom of the into ten different vitamins or factors Army Air Corps. Performance of this

cylinder. with probably more to be discovered. type of propeller will be compared with

propellers driven the same two on* shaft, in direcrotating opposite but about hundred one were AmerHPhere fast beat? insect Utrawings doT Tow other. just one behind the last tions, A ican expeditions archaeological

at. A high Harphotography speed of digabout which summer half were is electriclargest truck world's 'T'he has laboratories biologicalvard's

in the States. ging United

fifty It ally driven. hauls seventythat the hummingbird's ashown 4

miles coal leg scratching of of four ton load the second, over abeats per pay that inch so cubic star a heavy A fast at private Missouri. twenty, man's a and a doing roadway Hume,mouse <r* million eighteen weighs or pounds

trill supplies the engine butaneburning onefinger ten of beats per second A billion half times heavier a than water electric to generators the whichare times slower than wing power many has found. This been white dwarf

fly, for furnish fruit traction the energy motors insects. drosobeats of The star, recently 457, discovered was Wolf

in drives. the rearend ofphilia, about 150 speeds has wing the the to with telescope 82inch of new 4 conditions. normal215 under The in Observatory Texas. McDonald Pillar Delhi, of of wrought made TpHE butswallowtail big yellowcommon A iron, for than stood 1,600 has more secsixterfly per beats averages about patented been musk has ynthetic by C years. ninety, to theond, moth up white hawk * it chemists perfume Pont du which

the bumblethe to 220, 160 bee honey house thebee 240, and common fly 160. isfixativethoughtpowerswill haveof naturalthe extraordinarymusk. A **A sopasteeelthoroughmaythat survivethe bodya becomesdrought

4 grain of musk will distinctly scent milbrittle. A cataleptic insect may be held

Recently patented is a new type lions of cubic feet of air without any out rigidly by one of its unmoving legs.

A- thermoelectric rotary razor which appreciable loss of weight. Its odor is A frog may survive being frozen stiff

burns off the whiskers. extremely penetrating and persistent. in its winter retreat.

for children, good for busy

mothers and best for all

dessertlovers is this pure,

nutritious, easily prepared

dessert. Serve it tonight.

IT'S RICH IN JHE FOODENERGY SUGAR DEXTROSETHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

Exploring the Universe Tn some parts of the South Seas sucking fish are attached to lines and thrown overboard. Allowed to swim

about freely they attach themselves to a shark or turtle when the line is hauled in and the fish freed for another catch.

/ONTROL tion insteadof heat ofby conductionmeans of radiaand convection as usually used may reduce costs in airconditioning to onethird or onefifth that of airconditioning equipment of similar capacities. The

walls in a hospital where the system is used are covered with aluminum foil which reflects heat efficiently but radiates and absorbs comparatively little.

In the room are two black wallpanels about 3 by 15 feet which are kept at 50 degrees or under. These panelsabsorb heat as a blotter absorbs ink. WITH

All bodies radiate heat in amounts dependent on the temperature, and when two bodies are separated and at different temperatures, the cooler one absorbs more than it radiates. With the

new system, air temperatures of 90degrees and average humidity give no STANDARD discomfort; heat radiated from a person

which does not hit the cool black surfaces directly is reflected by the alumZCnAtMpaMed inum foil until it does.

diseases of mental nervous and/ases There's lots of satisfaction in knowing where* in the hospital beds more occupy

United States than all other diseases you'll find courteous Service Men, trained and combined. eager to be helpful; lubrication work that's

is being technique valuable A dereliable; authentic Travel Information; rest**"for of nervous the study veloped

conflicts and breakdown. Since people rooms like guest rooms—and many other

cannot be used in experimental workproducing conditions to cause breakmotoring conveniences. In a word—"You

of nervous inducing thedown, breakdo get more value per gallon with Standard1."for studying in rats gives a meansdown

human mental disease. Rats are trained by a system of rewards and punishments to make right choices, but whenthe right choice possibility is removed STANDARD OIL COMPANY

and they are forced to choose anywaythe rats develop neurotic symptoms. OF CALIFORNIA4

'"W'oices"heard by the mentally ill "may have a real basis in a diseased condition of the ear. Examination of persons suffering from auditory

hallucinations has shown that many of high for of hearing a loss havethem AMERICAN SMELTING & REFINING CD.notes, the first signs of degenone of

eration of the ear. People who have Seventh Floor McCornick Building SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

this toxic deafness think the voices or noises are real and outside their bodies, Purchasers of since they will reply to the voice or turn to see where it is coming from. Gold, Silver, Lead and Copper Ore

Address deafstudies thatOther have shown correspondence and Smelter Products theness disease to defect of or due as follows:

auditory nerve may be due to faulty Consign all ore shipments to:

Smelting Americannutrition, especially vitamins. lack of Smelting and Refining American Company> Co. & Refining Plant, Murray, Utah Ship Lead Ores to Murray that reports Friedenthal"P\r. Hans

there are about 104,000 hairs on a 700 McCornick Ship Copper and Siliceous Ores to Garfield Plant, blonde head, 102,000 on brunettes, and Building Garfield, Utah 88,000 on redheads.

dtcwsL yjoiL J>&vtjjoJbbut.?

By ALICE MORREY BAILEY

at the piazza before the engine died of overexertion. Many an exteamster has

missed an overcrowded bridge because he stepped on the gas in the spot where his foot had used to encounter a brake.

rain spots if the your new is roll to up do have Don'treplacedfret whenon thethewindshieldrubber haswiper,to be paintDon'tjob.grouchAll you

piston to have have new you when it yourself. of out to be the windows

tire gets in leak a rings, or slow a when in the to wait of had yore the In days we it to up have pumped have and you it out argued while and Pa at downpour Ma ten station. and service Count every figure top which the and to put up how

Famous cooks for three think of the old days. Be nonchalant curtain was meant for left front and

strip and of washboard, a you hit when rain rear. a right for made The which generations have always kept it time the try to recall you often when spine, of your hat, of a river your and spout

pantryhandy, It is everything suddenly touched bottom in some well and when you finally crawled, soaked you need in cocoa and chocolate bolicallyconcealed bridgelessirrigation acrossditch stretchedthe highway.diatoyourthe car,skin,theintostormthe doubtfulwas over.havenIf ofit

... everythingin-one! No grating; Grumble a little less when you have snowed, you hung your head out the

no melting; no time lost! someto unlockuniformedthe capattendant,of your gasand tankbe gladfor sidesubjectingdoor toyoursee aroundpassengersthe windshield,to all the

that Ma and Lizzie and the twins don't rigors of Antarctica, or you picked the have to pile out of the front seat and ice off a small hole in the windshield GHIRARDELLIS wait until some yokel with a spout slops raw gas on all the leather cushions in an effort to fill the tank underneath. If

you deplore the presence of so many service stations, you have never pumped up your own tires or walked ten miles for a gallon of gas. If you are held up

for three seconds while someone wipes the windshield, be thankful for both service and windshield. There was an

ancient time when auto travelers were so swathed in dusters, goggles, hoods, and flowing scarves that they resembled the four horsemen; a time when you washed your own windows, and forgot to check -pR.5

on water and oil, and consequently got with the fingers of one hand while you laid up in some village. guided your car straight into somebody's

When you face the stiff ordeal of haystack with the other. Church passing tests for a driver's license, brace And the roads. You never knew

up and be a man. Once all a man had whether the water ahead was a harmless

to know about a car to be a driver was puddle and did no more damage than how to turn on the ignition and patch to send a flat sheet of water over the a tire. His continual experience with engine, sloshing against the windshield Seating the latter rendered him expert in time, to blind you with mud, or a lake with

but never with the former, as you would no bottom. You were lucky if you got

it the calling out all without dollars at three miles around CHURCH PEWS. wellschoolknowgraduationif you exercisesmissed yourand spenthigh horsesthroughfor

the time instead pushing a threeton car a team, and you were thankful if the

STEEL FOLDING around with the help of a sympathizing helpful pickwielders didn't rip holes in

CHAIRS. family,In thosein andaysefforta manto getmightit started.know how yourHavetires.you forgotten that present easily

to start a car but not how to stop it. accessible scenic wonderlands were repreferred for "Travels those who

If a sudden >MOSHER KINDERWitnessto drive thearoundtime whenand aroundfather wasthe forcedblock servedwith a Donkey"?

the the gas ran out, and when of the mountains, in the tops descended his successfully navigated GARTEN CHAIRS. untilneighbor shower to skid trying stopped on up the iryou

CHOIR OPERA rigationwalk, mowedditch,downcrossedthe picketthe frontfence,sideand thatdugway,you blockedwouldn'ttheskidwheels,down.and prayed

CHAIRS. delivered his astonished family literally plowingWhen, thenowadays,sand up dothroughyou seethe deserta car

behind a plume of steam so high that

We Maintain a Complete thethe tracknativesandthinkis comingthe traindownhasthe jumpedwagon

Stock for Your Convenience road? In summer the dust was so powdery it was fluid, and rippled up the

tires and swam over the running board.

Woe to the poor wretch who had to time. a a tire at such UtahIdaho School change

all this? I do, and remember Do you

Supply Co. I'mthe nobody'sluxuries ofgrandmother.the present becomeAnd whenso

155 So. State Street common that the slightest inconvenience

Salt Lake City, Utah makes us irritable and ungrateful, a bit of remembering is a bracing tonic that every man should prescribe for himself.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939 frll}WL to be heard Conference Week THEthatnotablethe Tabernaclesuccess ofChoirlast yearand demandsthe Mutual Improvement Associations shall repeat Mendelssohn's dramatic oratorio, the Ask the Bishops of

Elijah, in the Tabernacle four nights this year during conference week—Tuesday,

Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, October 3, 4, 5, and a cast 6. With of 600 the Wards That Own

soloists, choir, including people symphony orchestra, dancing groups, and dramatic artists, this elaborately costumed production, with its tensely dramatic music and action will draw spectators from throughout the Church, as well as tourists and nonmembers. Rollin Pease will again sing Hammomj Organs!

the title role.

Tickets will be priced as last year

General Admission, 50 cents; Reserved

Seats, $1.00, and may be secured through

the ward genealogical societies, or at Glen

Bros. Music Co., or the Tabernacle in Salt

Lake City. Performance begins at 8: 15 p. m.

General arrangements are under the direction of Lester F. Hewlett, choir President, with J. Spencer Cornwall conducting,

and dramatic sequences by W. O. Robinson.

Other members of the Tabernacle Choir music and radio staffs are also participating.

And there are Over 40 Now Being Used in L. D. S. Chapels!

Because They are Easy to Play! Never get out of Tune! Easy to Install!

Take up small space! Upkeep is Negligible!

YOU ARE INVITED to attend HAMMOND ORGAN RECITALS

At our Display Rooms EVERY DAY during Conference by

Seldon Heaps! At 74 South Main St.

THE STORY OF A RIVER RIBBLE BAPTISM ABOVEJean isKnecht,a photographdaughterof Barbaraof Mr.

of P. Knecht Mrs. William and GLEIV CD. BROS. MUSIC Massaof Boston, formerly London, 74 So. Main St., Salt Lake City. Ut 2546 Washington Ave., Ogden, Ut.

chusetts, who was baptized in the

River Ribble near Preston, England, on July 30, 1939, the one hundred and second anniversary of the baptism of her greatgreat-grandmother,

Jeannette Richards. Sister Richards was the first woman in the British BE INDEPENDENT

first the Isles to baptized be and Profitable NATIONAL No Other Vocation So later confirmed. to She be member

Amarriedloyal lineApostleof LatterdayWillardSaintsRichards.have CASH REGISTERS For a CompleteENROLL CourseNOW at the

been the four generations coming after NEW AND SECOND HAND her: KnowlRhoda Ann Richards

ton, Ida Lee (wife Knowlton of S. $75.00 and Up Quisti School of Beauty Culture

Norman Lee, former president of the The Best in the West

Boxelder Stake), Ora Lee Knecht, CONVENIENT TERMS 336340 S. Main, American Bldg.,

Barbara Jean Knecht. Jean, -who had SUPPLIES AND REPAIRS SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

just passed her eighth birthday, was For Further Information baptized by her father near the same THE NATIONAL CASH or Catalog Call her spot greatgreat-grandmother was 7560 or Wasatch CO. REGISTER ago. hundred one and two years Fill in This

R. V. Sales Agent SEYMOUR, British Holt, Secretary, Grant R. Coupon 132134 South East 2nd

Mission. Salt Lake City, Utah

fijoii/uut ) dCaJwsi&L

years have brought a splendor to these fields, THE A radiance and a glowing tapestry By VESTA P. Of orchard land and grain. The valley yields

Its amber reaping, and again I see CRAWFORD

The ripened wheat along the stubble rows,

And lanes of trees in colored beauty bend

Where now the gleaner of the harvest goes

To find the fruit the mellow seasons send.

no measured furrows marked this place, ONCE

No laden tree or waves of bearded wheat;

A dun, gray wilderness reached out to meet

The horizon of solitude and space.

Oh, pioneers, help us to understand

The miracle of fields from arid land!

irz&?>.'":: * '

EDITORS PHGE=HhE

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

to man should want any blessing in this life unless he earns it, and i promise you as a servant of the living God that every promise made of God shall be fulfilled.

is that the things is upon heaven, decreed in irrevocably a law we read and learn and then put into There that practise count. will all blessings are predicated, and which no man

get the blessing without fulfilling the law. I wish The Lord says, among other things, that it is necesto impress upon the Latterday Saints that we get in sary for us to keep His commandments, and the day

this life what we work for, and I want to urge every will come that the Lord will recompense unto every man

Latterday Saint to be a worker. according to his work. That is one of the very first

Men should have a pride in doing their full share, and things in the Doctrine and Covenants, in the very first never want to be paid for that which they have not section of which it says (verse 10) earned. Men should be rewarded for doing the best Unto the day when the Lord shall come to recompense unto

that they can. There is a practice in some quarters, in every man according to his work, and measure to every man

the working world today, to tell a man how much he according to the measure which he has measured to his may do, regardless of his ability to do more, and to fellow man.

penalize and criticize the man who is able and willing Now, if you take advantage of your fellow man, reto do more than his indolent or incompetent neighbors. member, you will pay for it some day when the day of

If one man has the ability and the power to do three the Lord comes.

or four times as much work and is willing to do it, he Search these commandments, for they are true and faithful, all the prophecies and shall promises are and which in them it, saying, this "Don't of idea for the get and should pay be will lose your told are than or you you any more do you

I I I the spoken, Lord have spoken, excuse and have Whatfulfilled.

is wrong. standing,"fundamentally job, or your myself; not the and though earth the heavens pass and away,

No man should want any blessing in this life unless my word shall not pass away, but shall all be fulfilled, whether he earns it. No man should want somebody else to by mine own voice or by the voice of my servants, it is the

carry his burdens. No man who has a testimony.of same.

the divinity of the work in which you and I are enFor behold, and lo, the Lord is God, and the Spirit beareth record, is the true, and record forever abideth and the truth tithing. the to other gaged, pay should some man want

ever. and Amen. himself; should tithing want he should to pay want He

I to to want the say Saints Latterday con- I am satisthat his part, then to feel that and has done he faction that comes to every human being by doing what vinced, beyond the shadow of a doubt, that no man is right will come to him. or woman can fulfill any law of God but that he is

to bound receive blessing the to that attached law. The of conthe approval sooner have I would own my forgets. never Lord fails to never Lord The bestow I to than that duty science done and had know my

fulfilled those upon the law. have who the all not praise have of the the world and have

this in told are Doctrine same and Covenants theWeblessing conconscience. man's of approval own own my A anxiously in that should laboring be engaged and we is finest live, is the living should science, as he he when

to bringing pass will free works, of our good many own all in the world. can best the judge monitor and Men

is for in the accord, us and wherein are agents power we all it effect at accuse has no wrongdoing, of and you ourselves, that should and not wait to be we if you know they lie and you have done that which is unto in all things, all in that is commanded and compelled he right.

No amount of lying hurts a man if he has done what things is a slothful and not a wise servant. We should

is right. No amount of criticism bothers a bishop and a have the ambition, we should have the desire, we should

president of a stake as to the expenditure of tithing or make up our minds that, so far as the Lord Almighty the managing of Church affairs if they know that with has given to us talent, we will do our full share in all the power and all the ability and all the strength they the battle of life. It should be a matter of pride that

possess, they are doing the best they know how and no man shall do more than you will do, in proportion doing that which they think and know is right. Critito your ability, in forwarding the work of God here

cism does not have any effect upon a man who is doing upon the earth. That has been my ambition all my

full share. his duty. A man that does his duty has the approval life—to do my

of his own conscience and that is the finest pay in all I promise you, as a servant of the Living God, that the world. every man and woman who obeys the commandments

The Doctrine and Covenants is full of splendid of God shall prosper, that every promise made of God things with which we ought to be familiar. But shall be fulfilled upon their heads, and that they will

you can read this book through and through, and grow and increase in wisdom, light, knowledge, intellilearn it off by heart, and it won't do you a particle of gence, and above all, in the testimony of the Lord Jesus good unless you put into practise the teachings. To Christ. May God help each and every one of us who

read a book through without carrying out any of the has a knowledge of the Gospel, to live it, that our lives things that are taught in that book is of no value. It may preach its truth.

JhsL AGRICULTURAL PROGRAM jo ihsb ghwudL UktfovuL (plan.

Providing Land Opportunities For Farm Families By C. ORVAL STOTT

Field Representative Thethe AgriculturalChurch WelfareCommitteePlan hasof western states. Thinking farmers

been devoting much time to the will realize this and adopt methods problem of finding suitable land for greater conservation and more projects upon which some of our economic utilization of the water stranded rural population might find supply. Thus in many ways these

refuge. Several favorable areas ends can and are being attained, by

have been located. These are in rotating turns, using larger streams,

various parts of most of the eleven avoiding excess runoff and soil western states, as well as Texas. washing, adapting method of appliSome families have already taken cation to the soil type and land conadvantage of these opportunities tour, by more thoroughly leveling

and have moved to new localities. C. ORVAL STOTT the land and better placing of

It is the advice of the committee as ditches with tight dams and headgates, excess keeping growth weed well presiding brethren as of our for field possibility great unlimited of giving course, the of conout water for that opportunity land every effort that cooperative of type a must to the attention turn water stant locally, beexhausted, placement be first responsibility, genuine. be The the cropadapting day, night and is to fore outside movement made lies of family course, the with and to supply the water system ping and families areas, that and move when its relatives with secondly members; a possible in developing every way to as areas consider they moving brethren family; the the of then with will tolerate that not public opinion lotheir to possible as near home If local of Priesthood the quorums. additional water. wasting water An cality. all in will unite a hands common developing supply be by had may projects available land on Data prayerful, earnest a with cause and utilizing sources, dead underground all agriculsent stake to has been full a in desire such share a to do in lining reservoirs, existing storage tural committeemen, advisory who will results cause, the end worthy draining cleaning ditches, swamps, it in Priestturn are disseminating to skeptical. the surprise most even constructing small springs, and welthrough hood quorums ward placeopportunity land and The lies field reservoirs. great a Herein inadditional fare committees. As is of project only one ment many coconstructive, for thoroughgoing is land formation projobtained on activities of the AgriculChurch operation. it will ects likewise transmitted be in tural regional which Committee,

to stake agricultural committees. and stake agricultural advisory Marketing

The Church, as such, is not entercommittees are participating. PriestHPhe question of marketing in all of

ing into the real estate business. hood quorums, ward welfare commitits phases must be given more

Terms for purchasing land must be tees, and others who are seeking attention by the farmers. It is quite

made by interested families, and additional information on any phase futile to produce without an opporcontracts of sale will run from presof the agricultural program of the tunity to dispose of the product. The

ent land owners directly to the Church or who contemplate any marketing process really begins with selected families. Many land ownmovement in this connection are adseeds and sires. There is usually a

ers agree to this arrangement and vised to make inquiry from, and seek market for high quality, well graded, will give reasonable terms. counsel and advice of, their own properly packaged commodities.

In the main, the matter of family stake agricultural advisory comUntil and unless agricultural proselection will be in the hands of the mittee. Space will permit mentionducers learn the lesson of cooperaPriesthood quorum to which the head ing only a few of these projects at tion in the marketing field, the

of the family belongs. Only those this time. chances are that they will not receive

with experience and training in agadequate remuneration for their riculture should seek placement on New Crops labors.

farms. Priesthood quorums will

naturally be inclined to select those "pNCOURAGEMENT is being given to Intelligent Planning and men who are energetic, active, confarmers who can do so, to try RecordKeeping in small scale a out crops on new scientious members, obey and who it speaking, be ("Ienerally may deterto experimental program an the keep of the and Wisdom Word said that of moderate men adaptability commercial and mine individuals holy. Such day Sabbath farming look should not upon means it is this recvalues. connection In will of emissaries the good make rich large to get or plan a as make that close cooperation be ommended outside people Gospel where among rather upon dividends, but proceed experiagricultural with maintained live lives settle, as they the they by of to farming theory a the make stations. ment labor the well honest, of as hard by living. seeing are Constantly we

their hands. the trained people settle upon Utilization of better and are Conservation brethren is be. of our Init should as who land. This Many Supply Water are of themseeking not able farms telligent thoughtfarming demands

is the life blood water It selves reto because budgeting. make a move ful planning and of I rrigation

in the 634) (Conctuded on page production of agricultural finances. lies the lack of Herein

PALESTINE TODAY By JOSEPH JACOBS President of the PalestineSyrian

Mission

;M:-mM

GATE, JERUSALEM.FTER waiting for almost two gun mounted on top and a squad of BRITISH SOLDIERS ON GUARD AT THE JAFFA

years, I at last decided to soldiers to operate it.

make a trip to Palestine durEvery crossroad is effectively stores were closed, and the people ing a lull in the strife and investigate blockaded either with a cement wall had a hunted look on their faces.

conditions concerning the advisabilor sacks of sand, and the traveler Here is a case in point: an autowithin backfired. Everyone mobileity of missionary resuming work is his special permit asked to show

stood still and then sound jumped,there. long, intending to stay Not which at the card him was given

I purchased a roundtrip ticket and border. The permit card with idenlooked furtively around to see from

left Beirut June 30, at seventhirty tification and signature shows the which direction the bomb had exfa- the near ploded. This happened ina. m., to arrive expecting Jeruhours the you road will be on and of morning Gate. Jaffa mous The afterin thesalem by two o'clock to arrive expect and where you when

coffee I arrived, an Arab the daynoon. If particular that day. are you

Everything went well until we arshop in Jerusalem was the scene of rived at the Lebanon border, after a bomb explosion and two deaths some three hours'drive. The usual and several injuries had resulted.

checking of passports was in order, The British have made some wonof course. Then a fiveminute drive derful improvements in Palestine.

brought us to the Palestine checking Modern paved streets are the order station for another passport inspecof the day. All over the city, the

tion. I heard there that a bomb streets are lighted by the most uphad exploded the day before in todate glareless yellow globes.

Haifa, killing seventeen Arabs and Piped water under high pressure is wounding several more. Because installed in the new homes that have

of this killing, the border inspection gone up. At crossings in the new

was especially rigid. As an Amercity, the curbs are made in graceican and a missionary, I was not subful arcs to eliminate sharp turns.

jected to a very thorough search, Palestine is a very fertile and beaubut there were those who were. tiful land; yet everywhere there is

They looked in every nook and suspense and fearful expectancy.

corner of suitcases and searched AT THE ENTRANCE TO THE TOMB OF LAZARUS everyone's clothing. Ladies'handComeone has coined the phrase,

bags were searched thoroughly by going to be on the road more than "Jerusalem is a Holy City with a lady inspector. one day, a special permit is required. unholy people living in it."The

is city resacred three to the great twentyfive passing After some from road to border the JeruThe ligious groups: Jews, Mohamat arrived blockades, I Jerusalem witsalem of we reminded what me

is It Christians. medans, holy and in four afternoon. the about innessed during France the World

it is to the the because promised Jew patrolled roads so wereWar. The I I that to discovered Shortly had is It to to him. land holy the Moclosely that car other every an was to permit another around have walk other because, hammedan among military one,armored with a machine itself. policing city of the the The is things, there the rock from which

public to that even to is so strict go his prophet he believes Mohammed SANDBAG BARRIERS BARBED AND AT WIRE the and the Garden of Gethsemane It RIVER JORDAN, BETWEEN THE BRIDGE OF THE to is sacred to heaven. ascended

PALESTINE AND TRANSJORDANIA. Mount of Olives, which are only a the Christian because it is so intifive- and eightminute walk, remately associated with the life of

spectively, from the east wall of the Savior. And yet not one of the

the city, a permit card is necessary. three is permitted to enjoy his reliThe city and once busy streets wore gion in peace and safety.

a funereal aspect. On my first visit I made it a point to stop some

two years ago all the stores were Arabs on the street and ask them bustling with business, tourists what the answer was to this trouble, crowded the streets, a building boom and what solution they offered.

was at its height, and the people apSome of them stated that they were peared happy and contented. But sick of the whole thing, and were

what a difference! Many of the willing to quit on any terms. Some

buildings had "To let"signs, half the (Concluded on page 637) \\Praised Be The Fathomless Universe"

F. SMITH By PROFESSOR JOSEPH

Head of the Department of Speech, University of Utah, and a Member of the General Board of the Y. M. M.I. A.

.:.,:!!; Overonetheof threethe buildingsfront portalson theof daythingshouldof worthever happeningclose withoutto everysome-

University of Utah campus body, everywhere.

there appear severally these inscripWhat is the difference between tions: the ordinary man in the street and

"Praised be the fathomless universe for the poet?

life and joy and for objects and knowledge The poet is one to whom things curious."happen; the poet is one whose soul,

"Learning is ever in the freshness of its because of an exquisite awareness, for youth the old."even

is only "There good, one namely knowl- "Draised be the fathomis temperedThe ordinaryin themanfiresinoftheexperience.street is evil, edge, only one ignorance."and namely

These three inscriptions, one by a less universe for life the one who eats his three meals a he about what worries day, objects and for who joy and classic great dramatist, a and one by is en- "facts of life,"calls the who curious."knowledge great philosopher, an one and by

his play, events. In with cumbered is ever in the "Learning poet, American have evoked some Americanthe Reunion, of its youth even freshness The Family little contemplation. Latterday A tells S. Eliot, British poet, T. born for the old."Saint without can hardly read them gathered stuffy family of is a story the good, one only "There similarity their to struck being by

its of of return one the for together one and knowledge, namely tenets, for wellknown exMormon for absent been has ignorevil, members who namely only ample, are that might they "Men his lost has decade. a nearly He ANCE."joy,"glory have of and "The God circummysterious under wife is intelligence."

"Praised be the fathomless unistances. The family request that haphas to explain what them happening anything for verse without life and joy and for objects

in words: these replies pened. He It is not enough curious."knowledge and The to be alive—oneto him. he

whole purpose of our earthly experimust live. "The world is so full of But how can I explain, how can I explain

to you? things, I'm is of sure we inesti- a that number of ence something less after I have will understand You as kings"as happy shall should all be to us mable worth happen it. explained

something that will prepare the imtrite but true. The world is an exAll that I could hope to make you undermortal part of us to carry on hereciting place. There is so much to stand

happened. has events: not what only learn, Is to do, after. to see, so much for experience, so much We are here ever haphas nothing people to whom And that it seems to experience kind. so much of a specific and experience pened

There is nothing more tragic than a pity to have to spend a third of Cannot understand the unimportance of that a man should go through life our lives in bed. It's a pity that a events.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

A beautiful sunset may be merely His steel was a finer metal therefresh; it is eternally exciting. It is

an event—a physical phenomenon after; he was better prepared for his a field where adventure never palls,

caused by refraction of light rays calling as Patriarch of Israel. where adventure is open to everythrough strata of dustladen air one, from the tot learning his ABC's

or it may be an experience which fNE of the most desolate cries ever out of an exciting Mother Goose leaves a beholder forever a little uttered was made by Joseph book, to the boy in the high school better. In the latter case, something Smith at a time when he felt himself laboratory who for the first time sees

has happened to the beholder. utterly alone. Here was a man who drops of water form, as hydrogen

A college student can read Ham had seen and had talked with God, burns in air, to Einstein and Complet under the prodding tutelage of who had lived in close and almost ton and Jeans, delving into the pro- a blind professor; can look up the constant communion with the divine fundities of time and space and

sources from which Shakespeare Spirit, who, although surrounded by cosmic rays. Each is coming to a

drew his plot; can study a glossary mortal enemies and cried down by new awareness; each is broadening

to know the individual meanings of the secular clergy, was yet suphis horizon. Unlike the physical

all the words; can underline or list ported and strengthened by divine frontier which forever diminishes as

all the classical allusions and gramguidance. There came a season it is explored, the frontiers of the

matical constructions and still be when he was deprived of that divine mind become ever wider as they are unmoved, still be no richer in exfellowship, and in his loneliness and explored. Whereas physical thrill

perience. To him Hamlet has been despair he cried: "The heavens are soon reaches a point of satiety, each

an event, but to him who has lived as brass over me."There was an mental and spiritual discovery opens

through Hamlet's experience, whose new avenues for further discovery, understanding of man has been and the thrill of mental discovery thereby deepened, whose pulse has becomes cumulatively greater.

been quickened by poetic beauty, Learning is being alive.

to him has something happened. He * <rpHE Glory ofGod is intelligence. spiritual experiencedhas a alchemy.

Tchaikovsky's Fifth Symphony And now for the third inscriphas been heard by thousands. To tion: "There is one only good, namemany of those thousands it has been ly knowledge, and one only evil,

an event, a combination of musical namely ignorance."I should like

sounds. A relative few of those to change two words: a better renthousands have been moved by the dering of the idea intended would

grief underlying it. To them somebe: "There is one only good,

evil, namely wisdom, only and onething has happened.

difficult to anguish comprehend. Out stupidity."namely psyModern missionary can go Mormon A it of appreciation of the grew an its interspecial chology given hasinto his a carry to and town message necessity for divine guidance which pretation to intelligence the wordhundreds. for those hundreds, To probably have obtained could been a is in not meaning wholly which part,the his most he message and in other no way. inscription. keeping that the with ofare merely events, passing but two cry, as are heavens That "The is the using of one's knowlWisdom city, family, will ofof a one a hear

still calls over brass to me,"a mind for the best ends. Stupidity edgethat lives their forare message and greater greatest, cry of is the neglect the refusal or use to anguish—theever difinto transmuted something exquisite the articulated ever most available of for purposes knowledgeferent. has them something To in of Nazareth's cry GethJesus betterment.happened. hast semane, thou God, why "My his savage wresting meager The "Praised the unibe forsaken mere me?"Here no was livelihood inimical wilderfrom an

lifeverse for and and the here of man, Begotten was Only is ness stupid. that not uses He fathomlessjoy"—yes,It grief pain.for and is sometimes right, Father, the divine in His own is at for his which hand adown that findtaught the to Lord wanted spiritual undergoing anguish a which is vantage. stupid he The who man ofout kind what man was Abraham the sufphysical subsequent made is opportunities surrounded and by ordered toand slay his son him He fering cross on the pale in comparyet of fails to take advantage who altar. the Inupon obedience to ison. something Here was happenthose opportunities. In that regard

Isaaccommand, prepared Abraham to the ing of Here Son God. was He all as are a people frequently too wefor sacrifice, disthe Lord and when the of the becoming Redeemer stupid. freso Because we Why? that thiscovered would Abraham do it world. making Here was He fail to quently of take advantagething, longer required the no He all possible to for the enjoy mankind the of Christ. Gospel Jesusact sent but for the a ram complefruits of repentance. an Here was is it simply purMormonism whattion sacrifice. of the exquisite transcends agony which life ports to of be: unto "The way

I no longer believe merely that. finite understanding, but from which salvation."Unfortunately we have

A Deity who was, has been, and is Christ emerged the Savior of manused those words so often, they have able to read the very distant future kind. become so much of a stereotype,

was in no need of discovering Why "Praised be the fathomless that they have lost their full signifiwhether or not Abraham would universe for life and joy,"and even cance; or, at least, as a result of so

make the sacrifice. I am convinced pain and suffering? By them we frequent hearing we have ceased to

that the Lord knew Abraham would learn. invest these words with their full

be obedient. Why then should He To consider the second inscripsignificance.

have given the order? I am not tion: "Learning is ever in the fresh- "The way of life unto salvation."

prepared to say why, but this I do ness of its youth, even for the old."How may it otherwise be said? A

know, that during that experience Learning cannot become stale. It way of life is a technique for living.

something happened to Abraham. is perennially new; it is forever (Concluded on page 639)

3bL cl fallow BUILD A DREAM 'here—as sMarymorelearned—andto this businesslikedthanit. white collars By IRMA HEGEL

Aloud she said: "Maybe it will

will you? Because dreams jack you work. Now what sort of dahlias did

up when everything else fails...."you want, Glenna?"

Andrews heard Dreams, thought Mary contemptPhilbin long before enintangible uously.Chug he were They saw day Mary L/ATER that

tered the things couldn't Flower Shop. M,aryAndrews you put your flower the past fingers Tris go slouching

Chug was whistling in an offkey on. That position at Holt's had shop, his hat on the back of his head,

manner, always a sign that he was been real. She had counted on it his hands in his pockets. A dreadin trouble of some sort. As he enheavily for their future, together. ful sob, hard and dry, shook Mary's

tered, Mary looked up from the Couldn't Chug see that? Couldn't slender shoulders.

roses realize? larkspur and that she was he "That goodfor-nothing—heading inarranging box. a long, narrow But Chug was nipping a rose

"And since when,"she demanded from her box. Then pushing it into

in a tone of mock severity, "does the his buttonhole, he blew her a kiss

Robert Holt Company let its young and marched jauntily out of the men out at ten o'clock in the mornshop.

mg? "I'm going to look for our garage,"

"I'm the bestlooking one,"said he called back over his shoulder.

Chug, resting his long lankness Mary bent closer over the flowers against the counter, "that's why they so he could not see her tears.

let me out."It was not until noon that she

Mary smiled. He was goodheard the sequel. Glenna Gardner,

looking, this Chug of hers—that who was Robert Holt's personalcurly brown hair—those laughing secretary, came in to order dahlias

blue eyes. She shook her head. for her mother's birthday party.

"Most likely you're fired.""Did you hear about Chug?"

"Resigned would be the more Glenna asked at once. "And isn't

polite term,"Chug answered. it the most ridiculous thing you ever

Mary, startled, looked at him. heard of?"

"What happened?"Mary deChug was not making fun—she

could see that. His eyes were too manded.

solemn and his jaws were clamped Glenna said: "It's the Woodyso firmly together there was a crevice fellow—Tristram, you know. He's

on each side of his stubborn mouth. been working for Holt's about six

now. weeks cried, she Chug,""you "Oh,

than little slower Businessusual—ithasalwaysbeen isacouldn't the through? be with Not

Bennett, Sam who in summer—andRobert Holt Company. you Why, things in the runs department, main to junior partner therewere be a

some day."said he had to cut down and let a man go. He had Tris in mind and

"I'm going to have a business of everyone knew it. But Chug, the

my own,"said Chug, "a garage big ninny, got right up and rethat's"A—awhatgarage?"I've alwaysMarywanted."stammered. signed.""For Tris?"asked Mary.

She suddenly saw a dirty, clut- "For Tris,"echoed Glenna sar-

I of placetered cars—piles

spillingchinery out of ofcorners—old macastically.know that Tris"Nowwon'tyoumakeknowgood,and in

of thick black oil upspite of Chug's sacrifice. Tris isn'tgrease—poolson the floor! She shuddered with that kind. But Chug has those big,

actual distaste. The Robert Holt high motives. He thinks because

Company was a brokerage house of Tris happens to be supporting a old standing, with rich, soft rugs, widowed mother and five younger restful overhead lighting, luxurious brothers and sisters that he's to be chairs and lounges. given a priority. Silly? Why the

Chug scowled. "Don't make a whole affair is utterly ridiculous."

tragedy out of nothing, Mary, for Mary thought, why couldn't Chug that's what you're doing. I like cars, have considered me instead of Tris?

like to tinker with them—you know Chug knows we want to get marthat. Let a fellow build his dream, ried....

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

for the corner gang, just as I surprise for you. Business has been assistant. At two o'clock the Holt

thought! What does he care? He's so good the last few days that I've home was a breathing, perfumed

so stupid he doesn't even realize hired an assistant."bower of flowers. The French

what Chug has done for him."Mary brightened. "I'm glad, period room was banked with roses,

And so another two weeks passed. Chug. Who is it—the young Italian snapdragons, and snowwhite budlea

Tris went his easy, lazy way. Chug fellow who's been helping you out that gave a fragrant pinkand-white

worked day and night. A small weekends?"effect. From the chandeliers hung

share of business had come to his "No,"said Chug and shook his silvered leaves trimmed with white new garage—the Burlington Launcurly chestnut head. "This is Tris bells. I used to dream of a weddingdry—the Howell trucks Woody."like this, thought Mary, pressing a

Chug said, dropping in at the An- "WHAT?"Mary stood up in tired hand across her forehead.

drews Flower Shop one August the display window, the dahlias Every portion of her slender body morning, "Why don't you come over spilling over on the floor. ached with weariness and her heart

and see the place, Mary?""Now, Mary darling...."was a leaden thing.

And Mary, who was arranging "Don't you darling me,"cried Mr. Holt, passing by, paused apdahlias on her knees in the display Mary, her small face growing red. preciatively.

window, shook her dark head. "Wasn't it enough to give up your "Come, child, I'll have the caterer

"I don't like garages."position at Holt's for that—that lazy give you something hot and bracing. "But Mary—"His blue eyes lout? Must you take him into a new A check could never cover all you

were wistful, like a little boy's. business—let him ruin that for you have done here this afternoon. I

"This is our garage."too? I'll tell you something, Chug wish I could do as much for you as

1 m sorry. Philbin—Tris never was grateful for you have done for me."

it is. Aw, Mary, fornight he was off with the boys on breathless.—that's"You'rewhatstill thinking about Holt's the sacrifice you made for him. Every Mary looked up at the tall man,

get it, will you? I'm glad I'm out of the corner. I saw him. Now you "Could you take Chug Philbin

that place. By the way, I've got a want to make the same mistake all back, Mr. Holt? He was valuable

over again. All right, do it—but to you once, wasn't he?"

you get out of here. And don't you The broker smiled. "I had almost

ever come back. I want to marry a forgotten that you two were sweetsuccessful man, not one who helps hearts. Certainly, Mary, any time

weaklings until he turns weakling Chug wants to return he'll find a himself."hearty welcome—an increase, too.""Do you think I'm a weakling?""Oh, thank you—thank you."

asked Chug, staring up at her. Tears streaked from Mary's eyes.

"Get out,"Mary sobbed and put She excused herself from the caterher hands before her eyes. er's tempting repast and fumbled her

When she looked down again, way out of the big mirrorlined room

Chug was gone. And he did not with its flowers and heavy fragrance.

—ifreturn.he prefersLet himTrisgo, toMaryme, thoughtlet him repeatedI've helpedover Chug,and overhelpedto him,herself.she

have that noaccount to his heart's He won't have to stay in that dirty content. garage now—he won't have to help

that lazy Tris. He can go back to

O,'nce again the weeks Holt's—back to Holt's. She almost

passed. The heat of August melted sang the words. Down the main

into the mellow ripeness of Sepstreet, through a narrow alley, she tember. Mary no longer saw Tris hurried, on into the foreign section

hanging about the corners, nor did of the city, across the broad bouleshe see Chug. Glenna told her the vard to the site of Chug's garage.

garage was not prospering, but She saw a big sign waving over a neither had it gone under. "They're neat brick building—CHUG'S

just holding on,"she ended up by GARAGE. Coming closer, she saw

saying. the interior had an almost hospital

Then, in the middle of September, cleanliness. No one was about, but

Robert Holt entered the Andrews a light burned far in the rear. Mary

Flower Shop. tiptoed in and saw two young men

"Mary, will you help me out?"he in overalls bent over an engine on

asked. "My daughter, Mildred, is a block.

getting married this afternoon. Her "Will it work?"Tris was asking.

fiance, Count Deschamps, has been It was Tris, of course, but he recalled to Europe. I want the house looked different. His face was

decorated, of course. Because we flushed with excitement and he bent

ters—are hurried, we mustn't skimp matveryover thelife blockdependedof theonengineits action.as if his

"It will be everything you want it "Sure, it will work,"Chug was to be,"Mary promised. answering from the opposite side.

And she reached for the phone "We haven't spent all our evenings to call the greenhouse. for nothing, have we? This is going

All morning she worked with one (Concluded on page 634)

By DOYLE GREEN Formerly of the Tahitian MissionTahiti tDohinq bock, otl jcl omiuhy.

L. D. S. Chapel, Takaroa, Tuamotu, the largest

branch in the Tahitian Mission.

The Papeete water front. During the past 95 years

nearly 250 L. D. S. missionaries have entered this

peaceful lagoon, the gateway to the Tahitian Mission.

But now, thoughts of the long months at sea and all the accompanying hardships were lost in the realization that the hand of Him whom they were serving was bringing them to their destination, for, two hours after midnight, April 30, 1844, the cry of "Land ahoy!"was

heard from the sailor on watch.

They were approaching the island of

Tubuai in the Austral Archipelago!

A lifeboat was lowered, and, entering through a pass in the encircling reef of coral, glided smoothly over of of important islands the more some A map protected of now the the waters in included Mission the Tahitian superimposed upon hundred and three days at of western states to a map the drawn same scale. shore, touched shoe touched Boat

Papeete, Tahiti, where mission headquartersTwosea on a windjammer! TwenWithare located, lagoon. centered islands ground, and the first Latterday Salt Lake City, upon

tynine of conweeks weary in the eight states closest shown. branch The Saint missionary stood on an island

is headquarters miles away at Fakarava; 245 vessel,finement tossing in a tiny

farthest, and tothefall at Vahitahi, miles in away. the 600 South Seas!

rolling, pitching and turning! Nearly It was a providential landing. It

seven months with little to do but bers of the ship's crew harpoon is doubtful that the captain of the read, talk, eat, sleep, and think, the whales! Only twice during the enTimoleon had planned to set in at

only recreation to fish with hook and tire journey had their feet felt land, Tubuai at all. But he needed proline, and occasionally to help memand then but for a few hours. visions, and found them. Elder

Addison Pratt found more-—-a peoTHE FIRST BASKETBALL TEAM ple anxious to hear the Gospel and L. D. S. MISSIONOF COMPOSED

ARIES TO ENGAGE IN SCHEDULED IN COMPETITION FRENCH ready to accept it. He concluded

OCEANIA to stay, and his companion missionLeft to right, first row: Doyle L. aries went on to Tahiti. Theirs was

Green, Eldon Mortensen, Wiley H. the first mission to be opened by the Miller.

Second row: President Kenneth Church among a foreignlanguage

R. Stevens, Allred, 0. Rudeen Howard

L. Randall, E. people. 0. McEntire, Ray

Benson, Taft Stevens. Jr., J. Golden

(A. Neal Machen and H. Gordon Nearly a century later, in May

Wilde were absent when picture was of this year, Elder Rufus K. Hardy

taken.) of the First Council of Seventy visMISSI0NARIES ATTENDING THE TAHITIAN

MISSION ELDERS'CONVENTION IN PAPEETE,

TAHITI, DECEMBER 26, 193S TO JANUARY 2, 1939.

Left to right, first row: Marva, Vera and Catherine

Stevens, Logan, Utah.

Second row: H. Gordon Wilde, Coalville, Utah; Uel

C. Hunting, Vernal, Utah; LaVor C. Chapman, Mesa,

Arizona; Doyle L. Green, Union, Utah; President

Kenneth R. Stevens, Logan, Utah; Sister lona Brimhalt

Stevens; J. Golden Stevens, Cowley, Wyoming; A. Neal

Machen, Rexburg, Idaho; Eldon A. Mortensen,

Manassa, Colorado.

Third row: Ray 0. McEntire, Clearfield, Utah;

Delmer W. Braegger, Providence, Utah; E. Taft

Benson, Jr., Park City, Utah; Howard L. Randall,

North Ogden, Utah; Calvin L. Leatham, Shelley,

Idaho; Ralph J. Richards, Malad City, Idaho; 0.

Rudeen Allred, Ogden, Utah; Nile R. Chugg, Providence, Utah; Wiley H. Miller, Ogden, Utah; Percy L.

Asay, Lovell, Wyoming; Howard Heusser, Weston,

Idaho.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

any other Latterday Saint missionPrimary Children of the Papeete aries have ever traveled to reach their

Branch. fields of labor.

Leaving Elder Pratt at Tubuai,

Elders Rogers and Grouard arrived in Tahiti on May 14, 1844. They

found the French government and the natives in arms against each other. The people had no time to

listen to a new religion, and after a few months in Tahiti, the missionaries separated, Elder Rogers going to the islands west of Tahiti, Elder

Grouard to the Tuamotu Archipelago. Elder Rogers found little

Part of the congregation and chapel but opposition, and, discouraged, at Takaroa. was the first of the original party to

return home.

Elder Grouard encountered more favorable conditions. He describes

his landing on the island of Anaa, two hundred miles east of Tahiti, as follows:

As we drew near the land I noticed that the beach was already lined with natives ited those same shores, to stand barenearer,awaitingI couldour arrival,distinctlyandhearas themwe shoutcame headed in a tropical rain while the and jabber like a flock of ten thousand wild memories of ninetyfive years of misgeese. I can hardly describe my feelings

sionary work among a people gentle, Pou A. Temanaha, a as I approached this strange land and heard

halfcivilized sons of these shouts the wild member of the lovingsweet, passed and in review native Church, left It as if I had of of ocean. the seemed

pictured Takaroa,before him. His sixteenhundred- planet, another got the upon world and load boat aboard a

mile tour of the major islands comof fish. among another class of beings. They were

prising French Oceania in the small certainly a different race of people from seen. hitherto any hadschooner a has Denise become memwas meditation, for however, time MyIorable part that record of a began the landing arrived at short, for soon we

when Addison Pratt left Nauvoo on place, and leaping ashore, I found myself

June 1, 1843, at the head of the first the next minute surrounded by some two missionary party bound for the isorall threeages; hundrednaked, nativeshalfnaked,of bothandsexesdressed;and

lands of the Pacific. hooting, hallooing, laughing, and jabbering

Along with Benjamin F. Grouard, likethey alookedlegion wildof evilandspirits.savagelike;In myandeyesI

Noah Rogers, and Knowlton F. listened to their frightful noises, and not

Hanks, Elder Pratt was ordained a being able to understand what they said, I

Seventy, blessed, and set apart May knewfor sacrificenot butin whatvery Ideed.had become a victim23, 1843, by Brigham Young, assisted by Heber C. Kimball, Orson In spite of his first impressions,

Hyde, and Parley P. Pratt. The Fare Woodbury Elder Grouard remained on the

missionaries intended to book pasrecreation(House Woodbury),hall on island, the first white missionary to sage for the Sandwich Islands ( HaTubuai, named in stay, and soon baptized many of the waii ), which Elder Pratt had visited Woodbury,honor of ThomasbelovedA. inhabitants.

some twentyone years before as a formermissionarypresidentin the andTaThe islands on which the Elders member of a ship's crew. Unable to hitian Mission. first labored are but several of the

find a ship leaving for Hawaii, they one hundred and ten islands now intook passage on the whaler Timocluded in French Oceania. These

/eon, bound for Tahiti in the Society possessions lie midway between group. They sailed from New BedSouth America and Australia, withford, Massachusetts, in October. in 133 and 156 degrees west longiOn November 9, Elder Hanks died tude, and 7 to 28 degrees south latiand was buried at sea. In January, tude. Tahiti, largest island in the

the Timoleon, after a brief stop at (Continued on page 632)

St. Nicholas, one of the Cape Verde

islands, rounded the Cape of Good

Hope, and one month later found President(front row,RufusthirdK. Hardyfrom

and President left) and her at the island of St. Paul, mid-

R. StevSister Kennethway between the southern tip of ens (fourth and fifth

Africa and Australia. Thence the fromof Tahitianleft) withmissionariesa group

course lay past Tasmania, Kings in front of Papeete

Islands near New Zealand, and on Branch Chapel.

to Tahiti. The twenty thousand

miles which must have been covered by the trip is probably farther than.

"QmuoPl (p/wJbhm!'JJul

IN THE PART II ThethesecondIsaiahpartproblemof myin answerthe Bookto of Mormon arises from the reBOOK OF MORMON sults of a careful examination of the

Isaiah in chapters that record. The By DR. SIDNEY B. SPERRY Isaiah in text of scripthe Nephite

ture reasonably well fulfils the techOf Brigham Young University nical requirements of one presumed to be really ancient. EALING CLAIMS WITH SOME CRITICISM OF HIGHER might venture An expert such D FOR AND EVIDENCES VIEWS. THE ACCEPTED questions and as these: comments

1. Is the text of Isaiah in the Book

of Mormon word for word the same as that of the King James version? 2 Nephi 13:9 (cf. Isaiah 3:9)

If it is, the claims made that the reads in part "and they cannot hide original on the gold plates harks it"as against the Hebrew and King back to the time of Isaiah can be James reading "they hide it not."

denied. In other words, the Book The Syriac reading is in agreement

of Mormon should be thrown out with the Nephite reading and even of court as a witness to the original the Septuagint clearly supplies the text of Isaiah. This would be a and.

reasonable action because every 2 Nephi 13:14 (cf. Isaiah 3:14),

Biblical scholar knows that the He- "and the spoil of the poor in your brew text of Isaiah upon which the houses,"as against the Hebrew and

King James version mainly depends King James version "the spoil of the has been somewhat corrupted in the poor is in your houses."The Book

course of transmission through the of Mormon "and"is clearly supcenturies. If the Book of Mormon ported by the Syriac and apparently

reproduced all these corruptions by the Septuagint.

there would be plain evidence that 2 Nephi 23:11 (cf. Isaiah 13:11 ),

Joseph Smith did not translate from "I will cause the arrogancy,"etc.

a really ancient text of Isaiah. for the "and I will cause the ar-

2. What is the witness of the 1 The text of Isaiah in the Book rogancy"of the King James and

ancient Greek, Syriac, and Latin of Mormon is not word for word the Hebrew versions.

versions of Isaiah to that of the Book same as that of the King James verHere the Syriac supports the of Mormon? These versions have sion. There are 433 verses of Isaiah Book of Mormon reading by omitalso become corrupted in the course in the Nephite record. Of these, ting "and."

of transmission through the ages, 234 verses were changed or modified 2 Nephi 7:2 (cf. Isaiah 50:2),

but by the laws of chance they ought by the Prophet Joseph Smith so that "Behold, at my rebuke I dry up the to agree in some instances with the they do not conform with the King sea, I make their rivers a wilderness readings of the Book of Mormon James version. Some of the changes and their fish to stink because the

where the latter differs from the Hemade were slight, others were waters are dried up, and they die bebrew. That is to say, each occasionradical. However, 199 verses are cause of thirst."This reading is

ally preserves a true reading of Isaiah word for word the same as the old really remarkable from the angle of where the Hebrew fails us, and in English version. We therefore textual criticism. The King James

such places where the true text of freely admit that Joseph Smith used and Hebrew versions read: "BeIsaiah appears the Book of Mormon the King James version when he hold, at my rebuke I dry up the sea,

should agree. In general we should came to the text of Isaiah on the I make the rivers a wilderness: their

be prepared to admit that the science gold plates. As long as the familiar fish stinketh because there is no

of textual criticism will throw great version substantially agreed with the water, and dieth for thirst."

light on the question of the genuinetext on the gold plates record he let ness of the claims that the Book of it pass; when it differed too much, HpHE Book of Mormon reads "their

Mormon text of Isaiah has high anhe translated the Nephite version rivers"as against "rivers."This

tiquity. Textual critical tests can and dictated the necessary changes. is readily explained on the basis

be most subtle and powerful in prob- 2. In 2 Nephi 2:16 (cf. Isaiah 2: that the letter mem ("their") which

ing for slips on the part of unlearned 1 6 ) there is prefixed a whole clause was attached originally to "rivers"impostors who offer amended Bibto the reading of the King James veraccidentally dropped out of the Helical texts for the examination of the sion. The clause reads: "And upon brew text because the very next

public. all the ships of the sea."The anword ("wilderness") begins with the

Now let us consider the Isaiah cient Septuagint (Greek) substansame letter. Such accidents are well

text of the Nephite record in the tially agrees with this clause by renknown to textual critics. Furtherlight of these questions and observadering: "And upon every ship of more, in the next clause the reading

tions. the sea."(Continued on page 634)

a

-''','IIP**

STEPHEN LOOKED AGAIN AT

THE LIGHTED WINDOW AND HYSTERIA GRIPPED HIM.

ways been! Strange that he had

never cared for farm work. Al-

,E walked up and though he would listen to his father's down, up and down, tirelessly on the plans for the crops, the cattle, or the white flags of the rose pergola, drainage of the meadows, it was the where the dry leaves of the climbing bird's song that the boy heard; it

roses rustled in the crisp air. was the beauty of waving grain and

The stars were shining and a slim blossomed orchard that he saw. He

young moon had dropped behind was not at heart a farmer.

the hills an hour or more before. Stephen remembered how once he

No sound broke the stillness but the had watched over his young son rustle of falling leaves and the murthrough a wild delirium of fever.

little friends had gonemur of the creek as it ran over the Two of his stones at the bottom of the garden out with the same malady. Stephen

where a fringe of willows grew. To had not left his side for days at a

the south beyond the willows the time. He sat hour after hour holdfarm acres stretched in row on row ing the hot little hand, pouring his

of garnered furrows; to the west lay own strength into the paintortured

silently might that praying he body, cattle the lands wherethe meadow BIRTHDAY miracle, the doctor had spared. Astill of dethe days through grazed

... said, back he was safe when A SHORT beclining warmth.

the shadows. from wall skirted the south pergola SHORT The

violinist had a fine summer One in built beenof the house and had STORY in his the mountains vacation Stephenrecent years young when faPorters, the farm, the By BEATRICE nearspent and his for schoolPorter from home was friends with son, and had made vacation. springearly and Father

stranger him. the had KNOWLTON EKMAN ther Evenings

it planted built together andson had the strains for from played them roses bloomedred white that had and in early summer so profusely. They to his heart as the small fingers had great music makers: folk songs and

had been especially lovely this sumclosed tight around his. Many symphonies. It had been the

boy. to the ecstacy of since, he had felt that clutch awakeningmer and had covered the entire times

his lessons, took and Finally he at his heart. of lovetrellis.

They had called him Stephen after dream was to become a great violinThe memory of the roses and the himself, and from that time his wife ist. With his son's need of money as

sound of water over stones brought had called them Stephen and an incentive, Stephen had worked.

to Stephen Porter many thoughts of Stephen. After she died (as His affairs had prospered; his wealth

past years. Joys and sorrows, serenely as she had lived ), they had grown. It was a pleasure to providestruggles and achievements, the gone on together... the best of teachers for his son. He

sweet and the bitter that make up had loved to see his handsome dark life. marriage of his thought He his while the fiddle, bent over the first head i-HE on windows

birth of his subsequent theand of the fingers caressed long supple dark, but a large floor were window son,only melostrings the rich that out sang floor brightly the second twentyone years ago—on was

time.short the of measure the even dies under lighted a behind shade upon drawn

Twentyone years ago tonight he which, at intervals, shadows of movbow.

had waited on a narrow board walk ing figures were thrown. Stephen So much they had in common: the

where the flags now were. The door Porter looked at the window, and memory of the mother, the beauty

of the sitting room had opened and his face convulsed in the darkness. of the mountains and meadows, the

a light had streamed out. He had He raised his hand to his breast sound of the creek and the appregone to meet a woman in nurse's pocket where a sheaf of legal papers ciation of music. The creek seemed

uniform who stood in the doorway. lay. He paused and looked up at louder tonight after the morning

She had smiled and said, "You may the calm stars. Cold, remote, unstorm. It babbled as if it had a messee your son now; he is asleep; a fine changing, they were unmindful of sage. Over and over it seemed to

tenpounder. Your wife is asking his or any life. So they had looked murmur, "Stephen and Stephen,

for you, too."through the ages; so they would look Stephen and Stephen."

He had gone to see his wife, lying for ages to come. His hand closed Stephen looked again at the lightpale but starryeyed. Afterwards on the papers, and he drew them ed window and hysteria gripped

he had stood by the little bed lookfrom his pocket almost reverently. him. The papers of partnership, to be

ing down at his son. He had felt For a moment he stood very still; presented to his son at the birthday

strange and shaky and proud, and then slowly resumed his walk upon dinner, that had been planned for when he had touched the soft, rosethe flags. so many weeks, would now never

petal hand, a shock of joy that was How he had loved this darkeyed be given! Half of all he had

almost pain had gone from his hand boy of his. What a joy he had al- (Concluded on page 632)

TPlcmtWL # JhamJaiinqJfob

ow and where did you obJIul tain ZJooA: the of Mormon?"BOOK 4- This one of twenty was questionsaH answered by the Prophet

Joseph Smith in the Elders'journal published July, 1838, at Far West, Missouri. "I am answering these MORMON

questions,"wrote the Prophet, "by publication for the reason they are By DR. FRANCIS W. KIRKHAM asked of times."me thousands

"Moroni,"writes the Prophet, "the person who deposited the plates from whence the Book of Mormon 'T'HE CONTEMPORARY RECORD AND THE TESTIMONY OF EYEwas translated, in a hill in ManWITNESSES SHED LIGHT ON A SUBJECT OF PERENNIAL chester, Ontario County, New York, INTEREST.

being dead, and raised again therefrom, appeared unto me, and told me where they were; and gave me Another short statement by the General of a military organization

directions how to obtain them. I Prophet was published in the Times consisting of all its ablebodied male

obtained them and the Urim and and Seasons at Nauvoo, May 1, citizens:

Thummim with them, by the means 1842. He was then mayor of the Nauvoo, Illinois, March 1, 1842. At the

of which I translated the plates and largest and most rapidly growing request of Mr. John Wentworth, Editor

thus came the Book of Mormon/'city in Illinois and the Lieutenantand Proprietor of the Chicago Democrat,

I have written the following sketch of the rise, progress, persecution, and faith of the

Latterday Saints—of which, I have the

honor, under God, of being founder. Mr.

Wentworth says that he wishes to furnish

Mr. Barstow, a friend of his, who is writing the history of New Hampshire, with

this document.

As Mr. Barstow has taken the proper

REPRODUCTION OF A steps to obtain correct information, all I

BOUND FIRST EDITION shall ask at his hands is that he publish

OF THE BOOK OF the account entire, ungarnished, and without

MORMON. misrepresentation....

On the evening of the 21st of September,

A. D. 1823, while I was praying unto God

and endeavoring to exercise faith in the precious promises of Scripture, on a sudden a light like that of day, only of a far purer and more glorious appearance and brightness, burst into the room; indeed the first

sight was as though the house were filled with consuming fire. The appearance produced a shock that affected the whole body.

In a moment a personage stood before me surrounded with a glory yet greater than that by which I was already surrounded.

The messenger proclaimed himself to be an angel of God, sent to bring the joyful tidings that the covenants which God made with ancient Israel were at hand to be fulfilled; that the preparatory work for the

second coming of the Messiah was speedily to commence; that the time was at hand

for the Gospel in all its fulness to be preached in power unto all nations, that a people might be prepared for the millennial reign.

I was informed that I was chosen to be an instrument in the hands of God to bring about some of His purposes in this glorious dispensation.

I was informed also concerning the aboriginal inhabitants of this country, and shown who they were, and from whence they came: a brief sketch of their origin,

progress, civilization, laws, governments, of their righteousness and iniquity and the blessings of God being finally withdrawn from them as a people was made known unto me.

I was also told where there were deposited some plates, on which was engraved an abridgement of the records of the ancient peoples that had existed on this

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

continent. The angel appeared to me three Messenger and Advocate, Kirtland, proval of the Prophet, quotes

the night the unfoldedtimes same and same 1834. October, beginning Ohio, as declaring: In Moroni

visitsthings. received After having many

letter, introductory Oliver Cowthe an unfolding the Therefore, of angels remember, that they are to God,from majesty and glory of the events that should dery declares: be translated by the gift and power of God.

last the in will great thetranspire days, a morning the and on Lord a them By work correct, narrative our and be That may the the the ofof of 1827, wise the September, marvelous work: A. wisdom D. 22nd it is introduction, particularly the proper

shall records into the as the delivered naught, the ofangel understanding and Lord come that to patrons brother our inform our hid, shall the of hands. because prudent be andmy offered assist to us. Smith, has Jr., Joseph

the shall of those displayed, power be God plates records engraven These on were there items are connected Indeed, many the to profess truth but walk who know of the gold: each appearancewhich had this fore that the of subject part render with

in deceit, shall anger; tremble with but with six inchesplate eight inches was and wide his his indispensable. labor labor With

signs gifts with with wonders, and andlong, quite thick as so not and common in authentic with documents and our now healings, of with the manifestations with filledtin. in engravings with were They this possession, to render pleas- a hope we

the the of Ghost, with God, and power Holy in characters togetherEgyptian and bound narrative, ing agreeable the well worth and shall faithful hearts the of the be comthe as ofa volume, leaves a book, with of the perusal examination Saints. and

forted.three the rings running through whole.

six inches over volume somethingThe was that the person Here is evidence after the a half and About a yearin thickness, of part sealed. which was

for The responsible the under God book publication of this divinecharacters record, 44 the part small unsealed on were and beautifully engraved. The whole book which has become a companion book Elders, 10 Priests, and 10 Teachers

exhibited in its antiquity of marks many Bible, the to the knew in at of conference the contents of were home skillconstruction, the in art of and much letters these the opportunity had and Sirenes at Burnett, Brother Orange,engraving. the records found a With was edit to correct them. andcurious called instrument County, the ancients (October Cuyahoga Ohio which

"Urim and Thummim,"which consisted of Oliver Cowdery writes 25, 1831 ). In the minutes of this

transparent the set stones in rim oftwo a the of setting time the following the of sun, Near the conference appears fastened to breastplate. abow Through evening, 5th, April natural 1829, my (Far p. Record, 16): Westthe I Sabbath the of medium and Urim Thummim for first the eyes this time beheld brother.

translated gift the record, the said, Brother power by and he Smith "That Hyrum in then resided Harmony, He Susquehannaof in published (Also God. of best that All information the the thought History of County, Pennsylvania. the Monday, On Harrisburg,Churches, of forth the 1849, p. 345, coming be John Book of Mormon I 6th, assisted in arranging busihim some

himself, related the toWimebrenner. Elders Joseph by ness of a temporal nature and on Tuesday,

all for that themmight know 7th, the to write the commenced Book of present,selves."in the 1838 to These days Prophet never Mormon. began were bepARLY

it Smith, said Brother Jr., "That Joseph sit the under of sound a voice forgotten—to life his the writing story of own tell all to intended the the not was world dictated the inspiration of by heaven, awakparticulars forth the of other with of the informationwhich becoming has Book the ened gratitude this utmost of bosom.

it said, also "that and Mormon,"of was thecome History Documentary I after continued, of day Day uninterrupted, the Church. In this remarkable acto write from his mouth as he translated (Continued on page 630)

the with or, Urim and as the Thummim,count frankly he tells and honestly

Nephites would said, "interpreters,"havethe details of the circumstances and the history called or record the Vfl B0ot ep of "Book divine origin of the Mormon."Book of Mormon

Pn t ord CO I'ena c iVs that historso these traced be may in his narrative Further on Mr.ically. Material ( See Source Con-

'erps a*d (tien 0ttl<1 with Cowdery, the apparent apcerning Origin of the Book of MorKirkham.mon, by Francis ) He W.

srael.declares that the immortal Moroni,

10 "eve SttSP***&%> vo****S*orTS?*ie a to entrustedmessenger from God, 33z szttspnts

him gold plates upon which was reJeivs P JoruSaS ec>kn0lv tofo<jr: n > and L*? *h'ic rz&istcorded "the fulness of the everlasting of

Gospel as delivered to the ancient *hich thisinhabitants continent."JOlcC of 0 With AeSii-** for,,?*'1 $'*.

, WaZ>0fsrerf. sil- y inthese stones plates were "two */

th. %lhe breastplate,ver fastened to a bows, ei,. A PAGE NEPHI, FROM a>ondlf BOOK a*o/ sr*wsSfeut M-srsftfaten OF FIRST EDITION. MORMON,.,:**fe.*5*fe* s!l thC'",iifcalled the We. Thummim."and Urim Jaye tho.?**.*'!

this instrument"the and use of"By, Osh'LU v *}$&f*$Ln"'shnlj gift he of God,"and power"by the.SSSas??me >>Sll> the intotranslated part of the plates,;:"i<:t"<H< his/e"Way

'sfan lSAndBook Mormon, c*of of - fist awthr 'a > e to; 6 F. letter to In a addressed N. 'bhss: '?yJ!pzss tt*tty**a*

folthe theSeaton, Prophet makes be. Pe PeoJy1 i,SnhndJlGoT"statementlowing Sea- > and ( Times

of ) s: b<'Us the};sons, Vol. <- page 21 V, "- PCOD Od

to r?>eth e earth?'6, of tf}ffyel..J lPOtlth /Athe ftfe*rod, is the of a record The of Book Mormon

'>e i, (/ tribes offorefathers of our re Western And 'h""u InSj&1&?&*i**

dians, through having found been the min- e&Teatl,istrations angel, holy of an and translated into our own language by the gift and Wolf hid after of having been uppower God, Wl,bth years, for conin the the last earth 1400 tt..tl*epcne*hferA. e> b<l-anrt > and.. lhti ''e <btf>ns?h*n'L>tbe.::.*** mi

taining the word of God which was delivered unto them. e(ld th ESSSFoneVben>- 'l&Ain

The earliest printed account of the the coming forth of the Book of Mormon is a series of eight letters by

Oliver Cowdery published in the "My father heard the story many J**- times. Once was when he acted as Cable guide to the onearmed Gentile who

By HELEN BREWSTER OWENS yearswent ago.throughOld thisChiefcountryChuaruumpeaka dozen

told it then. Many years ago the

"\X7hat care we when mad winds blow? Indians who lived toward the sumfire setting mer's sun top beheld a on kiss, hiss wild gale's hot sun's the The

of there, that great butte over white that greetings well know. Are we

flat the top."with the broad one flash, lightnings torrents as dash Though

Still 'cross the mountains we go. "You mean the one that looks like the very throne of God Himself?"

'The Messenger's Ride."queried Frank.

"That's the one. It does look like

its top rose a mighty blaze, a F,or nearly seven years the canyon of the Mukuntaweap, afromgreat white throne for a fact. Well,

there has nestled beneath the shelter which enters the Parunaweap at this signal fire the Indians thought, of the Vermillion Cliffs a lively little point, had been Nephi Johnson, warning of danger. Their greatest

settlement which bears the name of coming up river thirty years before, enemies were the Navajos toward the fickle, turbulent stream flowing searching new farm lands for the the rising sun across the Colorado by its borders and watering its Saints. How well he could rememRiver. They thought the Shivawits

gardens. The heart of a great grazber those great cliffs which cut off were warning of an attack. Then

ing center, from its earliest days progress to the east, making of it a other fires came on other peaks; so

Kanab had need of easy communitrue Forbidden Land. From this all the tribes gathered. They sent

cation with the cities of the country. memory of nearly vertical cliffs came runners everywhere, and all their

True it is, the Deseret Telegraph the idea which brought Jacob Hambkinsfolk to the north and west were from Salt Lake City to St. George lin, Jr., and Frank Farnsworth across warned. But when the warriors

had been extended by way of Pipe thirty miles of rock and shale, gathered in the Mukuntaweap Canstill burning high up wherebut—aSpring pairto Kanabof bootsin itscannotfirst beyears,dewherethroughnoforestshumanofbeingpinonfoundand cedarhabiyon,the firethe Straight Canyon, they saw

livered on a telegraph wire. tation, to stand at the crest of no path led, where no man could

A post office was established in Shunesburg Hill, their riding horses climb. So they knew it was an evil

1871, served by a Star Route, someand pack train beside them. spirit which had lighted the blaze to

times from Marysvale, sometimes "There lie the Temples of the cause them trouble. They thought

from St. George along the road Virgin,"said Jacob, pointing to the they heard those spirits in the Roarthrough Pipe Spring. In either case towering cliffs rising northwest being Waters—that's what Parunathe route was long, so that Kanab yond the river. "Did you ever hear weap means.

felt quite grownup when Nephi the story the Indians tell of them?""They were afraid; so they went

Johnson signed a contract to bring When Farnsworth replied that he away from here. Those Indians of

mail regularly twice each week. knew no story of these parts, Jacob the southwest would not venture in

Contentment with this was shortcontinued: these parts again for many years.

lived. Need for a daily mail increased. Then Brother Johnson

secured a contract to carry a daily mail, except on Sunday, to Kanab from the Virgin River Valley.

If this mail must be carried by way of Hurricane and Pipe Spring it would involve twelve hundred miles of travel every week. Brother

Johnson pondered the question and consulted with his neighbors concerning a trail from Rockville to

Kanab. Repeatedly the high plateau

had been explored by men searching in vain for a roadway. That road

was first to be secured half a century later when the mountain was tunnelled north of the Virgin River. No

other direct road exists today.

The road to Rockville and Shunesburg was, for the early eighties, a good road. At Shunesburg it

ceased. An old Indian trail, twisting

and precarious, furnished the only path eastward over the Shunesburg

Hill, towering a thousand feet above the Parunaweap River at its base.

The first white man to go into

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

They still call it Tumuurrugwait

Tuweap, that is, the Rock Rovers'

Land. You can read about it in

Major Powell's story of his trip out here, which was printed a few years ago.""Some story, but if we are to get this contraption rigged up before noon tomorrow we'd better get started. Where do we put it?"

"Brother Johnson said 'where the cliff is steepest.'This is certainly that place. He said, too, that

there was a tall rock near the edge and a tree back of the rock."

"No doubt about it, then,"rejoined Frank, and began loosening the diamond hitches ready to pull off the ropes from packs.

*xs THE sun climbed high the next morning it gazed on a strange scene. On the edge of the

cliff stood a sturdy frame of rough timbers supporting a heavy windlass on which Frank was winding a stout new rope from a coil at his feet.

"There, it's all on at last,"he sighed. "I'm glad it isn't my job to

wind up that quarter mile of rope every day."

"What do you think it will be like with a hundredpound weight on it?"

laughed Jacob.

"Do you suppose the contraption will work?"asked Frank.

"Brother Johnson says it will. He

generally knows what he is talking about. It will sure help Kanab if it

does.""And Brother Johnson's pocketbook, too,"added the other. "It

takes the full time of two men to give twice-a-week mail. I hear he's

calculating on giving three times that with only four men."

"He is putting his own money into

it. all the LIKE "IT LOOK DOES rope and This wire and it avalanche. more A young Once FOR THRONE GREAT WHITErest he's a lot are costing got and ITS A FACT. WELL, FROM went, out, whirling as it bounded

to fix that trail better than it is now TOPBLAZE, ROSEA SIGNALA FIREMIGHTYTHE until with one tremendous fling the

INDIANSif he expects a man to follow it."THOUGHT, WARNwire end tore loose from the hurtling ING OF DANGER."

Farnsworth stood with the end of spool, flipped out in the sunlight like a slender telegraph wire threaded the lash of a giant serpent's tongue, through a strongly built pulley. The men was calling as they waved hats then dropped to lie quivering against

wire lay wound on a spool at the and gazed up the cliff side. the face of the precipice. Swiftly

edge of the cliff, new wire winking "Are you ready?"the horsemen closed in, grasped the

at the sun as if promising soon to The calls had ceased. wire, fastened their lariats to it and

share with him some happy secret. "All ready. Stand clear below,"dragged it from the rocks to anchor

Jacob gave the wire a final tug. called Jacob as he and Frank rolled it high on a solid tree which was

"Better be sure that pulley is the spool of shining wire to the cliff growing a hundred yards or more fastened tight to the rope on the edge. They held it poised till the from the base of the cliff.

windlass. It wouldn't be fun if it men had ridden far to one side. Then The wire swung free, a silver

rolled off with the wire."the call came, "Let her roll!"thread stretched between its rock

downhill, the started spool The feet and a above support thousand time,"said on "Done off playing Frank, wire more and more its base. living the near standardsquinting at the sun. noonhigh gained as the quickly mass moit for would hang many Here

"And there are the Shunesburg mentum. The coil struck a rock, years. Riders would bring letters

boys."bounded far out, fell, struck again, from Kanab to the crest, fasten the

Far below, a small group of horsestarting loose stones rattling in a (Continued on page 628) MAN OF DESTINY By E. CECIL McGAVIN

Instructor at the East High School L. D. S.

Seminary, Salt Lake

subterfuge could suffice to detain their heavensent quest no longer."

In his journal for October 12, 1492, Columbus recorded: "I gave

the name of San Salvador (Saint

A story of Discovery—in which the leading Savior) in remembrance of His

CHARACTER DID THAT WHICH THE PROPHETS High Majesty, who hath marvelousHAD FORESEEN. ly brought all these things to pass."

Always the humble navigator ascribed to God the inspiration which

Soonuponafterthe theshoresNephitesof thelandedNew sameWassermannway, beforecontinues:that pious "Inassemthe promptedhe wrote histhisgreatmodestdiscovery.panegyricLaterof

World, one of their prophets blage in San Esteban, he insisted himself: "I have received from Him

beheld a glorious vision in which was that he must be regarded as one inthe spirit of understanding. He has

portrayed the destiny of this choice spired. The passages in Isaiah that made me very skilful in navigation;

land. Among other things he rehe forcibly interpreted to his own knowing enough in astrology; and

corded: ends are to be found in the 24th so in geometry and arithmetic. God

And I looked and beheld a man among and 64th chapters: 'From the utterhas given me genius, and hands apart

thethe Gentiles, separated from was who of the have earth most parts we this to [having referglobe draw the of waters;seed by many my brethren build 'I will a songs,'and heard new ence and had prepared]; he to a map I Spirit that of theand beheld it came God,

down and wrought upon the man; and he heaven and a new earth.'The reon it the cities, rivers, islands, and

went forth upon the many waters, even unto ligious element in Columbus is no all parts, in their proper places."

the seed of my brethren who were in the pretext of embellishment, nor does (Aaron Goodrich, Christopher Copromised land. (I Nephi 13:12.) it rest upon any dogmatic view of lumbus, p. 148.)

History indicates that the man life; it is the very heart of the man In a letter to his royal sponsors,

among the Gentiles upon whom the himself."he recorded: "Then let the King

Spirit of God wrought was ChrisWhen reminded that the main and Queen, and the princes, with topher Columbus. object of his expedition was to find their very happy kingdoms, in conWhen we recall that the three gold, he exclaimed: "I am detercert with the Christian world,

small ships which brought Columbus mined to find much gold, so much render thanks to our Lord Jesus and his band of convicts to the New that the subjects of Her Royal HighChrist, who has accorded us such a

World were unseaworthy little ness will be rich enough to reconquer victory, and such a grand success!

barges in which people today would the kingdom of Jerusalem."(MarLet there be processions; let solemn

be afraid to venture far upon an inius Andre, Columbus, p. 46. feasts be celebrated; let the temples

land lake, we realize how he must His thoughts never smacked of be embellished with boughs and have been imbued with the spirit of the mercenary spirit, but were dediflowers; let Jesus Christ exult with

the Almighty to enable him to brave cated to a holy and spiritual purjoy on earth, as He rejoices in the storms and maintain faith in the pose. In the latter part of Septemheaven, at the approaching salvadangerous expedition. ber, 1492, a white dove flew over tion of so many peoples, who until

The largest of his trio of vessels the ships. The great admiral the present were in the region of

was "sixtythree feet over all in shouted: "Let God be praised."the shadow of death."

length, fiftyone feet along her keel, The historian Ober gives the folAnother writer says of the humble twenty feet beam, and ten and a lowing appraisal of Columbus: discoverer: "Columbus claimed to

half in depth."(John Winsor, "Religious and devotional, Columbe divinely appointed for his misChristopher Columbus, p. 184.) bus attended church with regularsion. He affirmed his voyage a

In the year of his success Columity, and it was while in the chapel miracle, and himself inspired with bus wrote to King Ferdinand: "I of a convent at Lisbon that he first the conception of it by the Most

came to your Majesty as the saw the lady who became his wife."Holy Trinity."{History of Central

Emissary of the Holy Trinity, to (F. A. Ober, Columbus, p. 10.) America, Vol. 1, p. 232.)

spread the Holy Faith, for God "This church,"continues Ober, In a later correspondence to the speaks clearly enough about these "was occasionally attended by Queen of Spain, Columbus explainlands through the mouth of the Columbus while awaiting the outed the secret of his unquenchable

Prophet Isaiah, where it is said that fitting of his fleet; but he oftener yearning for an opportunity to ven-

'His name shall be proclaimed worshipped in the chapel at the ture upon the mighty ocean in an abroad from Spain.'"(Jacob Wasmonastery, where he passed in effort to discover a water route to

sermann, Christopher Columbus, p. prayer the greater part of the night the far East. He recorded: "An

46.) before he sailed.... Evasion and (Concluded on page 628)

The "deantrailerites // AND HIS PHILOSOPHY OF TRAVEL

EDITORS INTRODUCTION

tragic accident resulting in the

MR. MRS. DAN- (the of his AND former wife death A THEIR AND KOWSKE of brought A. Robins Ogden) Mary WHEELS, ON HOME

seventyFred Vincent Dankowske, BEFORE SHORTLY five year old member of the WilTHE "JOURNEY'S shire Ward and nationally famous END."

as the "father of all trailerites,"to journey's end. It was the first mishap in their more than 315,000 miles

of transcontinental travel. So wide

ity unique the for so and been desire have manifested expediburning By tions the that of Dankowskes Time information. enalways were Wea

its in magazine 17 issue July in conversation. rarely gaged We tribute to as the them of two counpaid FRED V. DANKOWSKE city to in a great the curb drew up try's foremost nomads.

A comfortable fortune founded in or a hamlet without an audience.

Salt Lake during the Coin Harvey wild shouting of newsboys Those who gathered round us soon in real estate boom days made it Thein Chicago announcing the discovered that we were Utahns, possible for better the part of each year to be devoted to traveling, huntdeath of Brigham Young was and when they learned that they ing, fishing, and sightseeing. More my first introduction to Mormonism. were actually face to face with a

than half a century ago Brother DanTen years later, in the spring of pair of living specimens of Mormontrail followed kowske the in a covthey plied of call of ism, us all kinds with the alluring 1887, I answered ered there wagon, when were no questions. to able hosthe with its promise Thus of exciting were we West trailer pitable with camps every modern convenience to welcome tired, adventures and game hunting, and correct many erroneous ideas. We

dustcovered immigrants. "We camplanded as a tenderfoot on Wyoming always parted in friendship, and exed night where us. overtook Firesoil, to a hearty them to at Rawlins, reputed welcome be the tended wood, sagebrush, fish, game, and Utah and Square, Pacific, toughest where Temple town on the Union water plentiful, were sufand none

ered want.'Then, in 1890, I moved on to Utah, competent guides could complete the

It was in the spring of 1912 that and there, in the old Farmers'Ward introduction.

Brother switched first to in Salt Lake, attended MorIn my these riper years analyze as I

International had the gasoline—heDankowske service. at heard mon I past indiscretions, What I risked that my when of Harvester Chicago Company

build his first motorized housecar, service was not only a pleasing reveseveral independent fortunes to a twocylinder highwheeler, shod lation to me, but convinced me begain nonessential shadows and lost tires solid with rubber inch about one all that antiall, question all the yond I realize that career nomadic my thick. third last and motorized The is propaganda read I had and Mormon the life. It brightest spot in my the home, Dankowske was Nomad,

in heard warped like the past was and looms light, up a great beacon of built it in 1923. that time At was

considered a modern palace on false. This conviction reversed my directed by the kind, protective

wheels, and with its owners was views on Mormonism. Its edifying finger of divine Providence.

pictured to from coast coast. Toprinciples adprofoundest drew my given travels have not only Our gether, the visited Dankowskes every miration for the and its peoChurch national park us a firsthand the introduction to and monument, every

state and its principal cities, almost ple. resources and grandeurs of our

national forest every accessible to I supported the morally Church country, but they a have proved their wheels. home on materially for fortyfour and years living, visual university us. to Imall travels, their time In no was before a member. I became Four in portant courses geography and the to Possessed object Dankowskes.

years in ago baptized I was Wilsports- the of of and a sense in humor history the of and study humanman's zest for adventure, a love of shire Ward, Los Angeles. I did not kind have been taken during our

the of the outdoors mainspring was all delay function this sacred those travels. not did simply make We their rolling existence. "It has meant years because not Mormonism was a tour of merrygo-round North health, vigor, joy, not but only and

I for good enough me, but because it life's its jourbeautiful has prolonged inexhaustible, America and open ney,"writes Brother Dankowske. was unfortunately possessed of conbook of knowledge. From experioffers us im- "Travel a visual and victions the years which of struggle ence and observation, chapmany in pressive course history."American could not overcome, I therefore and ters might for written not be only this of of point Something view

felt unfit for membership. the benefit reof of the for also and philosophy youth, but sound and

ligious conviction which have guided Although not called on a mission, those who live to a ripe old age, yet all in his Brother Dankowske wanwife and I served constantly my reach in never maturity.

derings in are to the be found acthe capacity of selfappointed amcompanion faithful sketch. The companying Latof my migrations, A

terday Saint, his wholesome exposibassadors of good v/ill for Mormonsince passed to her rest, joined tion reveals ism, with this a littleknown side of a mighty continent life in the a nomadic for me on personality. wellknown field. our Wherever went with we trip into the honeymoon wild and

our rolling home, inquisitive human- {Concluded on page 630) 3**- ORGAN of JUAREZ By FAY TARLOCK

A TRUE STORY FROM DOWN BELOW THE

BORDER THAT TELLS OF THE "SOUL OF

AN ORGAN"IN A COMMUNITY THAT USED IT

BADLY AND CHERISHED IT MUCH.

was sunset in Colonia Juarez.

IT Over the valley lay a clear golden light. It fell through the green

trees and rested on the housetops.

The hanging bridge over the Piedras

River caught the afterglow and

HARPER AND THE ORGAN 'AUNT"FANNY a part of the golden waterseemed JUAREZ. OF it had been of the nonessentials, andbeneath.

Everything was still and waiting, bearing the dignity and character as if out of the golden bath the old of the years. from Sister Lucretia Whiteman. I

Juarez would emerge. In the silence In the corner of her broad livingdo remember that we paid seventyit, a great sum ofI could feel the pride of race borne room stood an object that had defive dollars for

first the I the of time and then, fied the passage and that was money created and the men women whoby it. I It to used of soldiers. lessons was to take on despoiling an one they excitement Their whenJuarez.

found this new frontier where grain organ, made with grace of line and play, 'Bird of the Greenwood, Oh,

Sit Thou Here?'and fruit grew as if by magic and delicacy of design. Its mahogany Why

game waited in abundance still pulwood had the soft glow of old satin. "We'd just got the organ when

sated through the mild air. The In size it was so small a man could Uncle John came to see us. He

great brick houses with their wide easily lift it. I sat on its horsehairtaught the entire family 'The Unlawns and rose arbors avowed the covered stool, silently fingering the known Grave.'He didn't have a

colonizers'faith in their religion and keys. word or note written down, just

it. it until sang sang knew and we play only could "If that organ resources.their own

it about. singing began Then we said, units Harper story!"Mrs. eerie the of the Juarez This was title. It that time was it had no At thoughts. derstanding my of light. dayJuarezmellow The song. just sang Ida Fanny's and We into chair rocking her She movedlight grassgrown of a town was in the great public deal and when a the I sat light circle on of and the roofs where some townstreets—a Smith's song people David wanted stool, waiting. to the surrendered alreadyhad call, Ida song, 'Sing they your would

littlerains, organ,"strong in on that where weeds grew "It was she and Fanny.'No one else ever sang song, Smith's gardens.the revolutionwasted "that began, David it.

The golden light faded. The 'The Unknown Grave,'was first "You see, Payson at that time was

past that had trembled, pregnant played. quite a music center. We had bands

with life, became a ghost in the "He was the Prophet Joseph's and musical organizations. For mudarkness. I left the bridge over the youngest son, and years ago, in the sicians we had William Clayton,

Piedras, glad for the light in Mrs. seventies it must have been, he came Johnny McClellan, O. O. Huish,

Harper's living room. out to Utah. He and John Coombs, J. L. Townsend, J. J. Walser, and

brother, were father's youngest my I can't others out not shut could that light Yet remember now. We

re- I can friends. great From what least of past, music. all loved ubiquitous Juarezthe

all here in the spacious rooms of member, John and David went about "One time when the Authorities the Harper House. Years ago it the country a great deal together. were down for Conference, Pa inhad been built as a house of enterThey spent much time talking and vited them to our house to hear his

tainment for the colonists and the singing. David Smith was a handgirls sing the song. I think it was

stranger within the valley. At one some, sensitive young man who liked Joseph F. Smith and Wilford

time a hundred Villa soldiers had music and poetry. The first time Woodruff, and possibly George Q.

'The sing hearing John remember came. were They it Cannon, who a Cuartel. I was I asused When

I Grave'when was Unknown the song, with impressed strident was very much at night I heard theiralone feet. I had but to close my eyes to about fifteen years old. He was in and Pa told them the story of how

see Mrs. Harper, grand in the doorPayson visiting us, where Pa was we came to know it,

way, defying the entire hundred to a tithing clerk. "Some time later Isaiah, our oldest

reenter her house. She was like her "We had the little organ then. I brother, was married and living in

home, ample and serene, stripped as think we bought it in about 1878 Salt Lake. He was called in to sing

the song to Professor C. J. Thomas, who was once a Tabernacle chorLooking

ister. Isaiah sang the song over

until Professor Thomas had written at down the words and music. After

this it was published in the Deseret Song Book. There are two errors Tasmania

in the wording that have never been corrected. In the first verse it reads, BY

tree spreads.''There the heaven It L DOUGLAS be, the should haven tree 'There

spreads.'Again, in the second JOHNSON

verse it says, 'and over its bosom

CHAPEL TASGLEN, AT BRANCH HUON, AND thistle spreads.'It should the white

MANIA, TASMANIA'S OF CENTER IN THE 'the spreads.'read, BUSIEST SECTION. APPLEGROWING wild thistle Wild ShortlyAustralianafterMission1840, waswhenopenthe

is much more in keeping with the ed, Elders were sent to labor thought. It's better poetry. With in Tasmania, a heartshaped island stories of the political exiles and the

these corrections the song is just as separated from the mainland of criminals who led a forced existence we used to sing it to the early peoAustralia by 250 miles of water within its confines. Port Arthur is

ple of Payson. known as the Bass Straite. While today the chief historic attraction.

"From then on, the song passed little known to the outside world, When the island was discovered, out of our hands, but I've always Tasmania is one of the most beauit was inhabited by a dark race of associated it with the little organ."tiful and peaceful spots on earth people known only as the Australian

Hills and valleys, picturesque gorges aborigines. Their origin is still a

T thought she was going to stop, and majestic heights, crystal streams mystery, and will remain so because and I leaned forward to ask, "But which lose themselves in entrancing the first white men exterminated that didn't end the organ's history?"lakes, bays where rugged cliffs meet them. The Hobart museum contains

"No,"Mrs. Harper answered, her sandy beach, a smiling countryside the remains of the last natives.

eyes looking into the past, "though of green fields and orchards stretchHobart, the capital city of the

I shall always love it best for that ing back into the bushland, where island, with a population of 60,000 song. splendid mountains tower beyond, people, is situated on one of the

"Many things happened after all combine to enhance its attractiveworld's finest natural harbors, which that. For years I was away from ness. is two and a half miles wide and does

the little organ. Brother Harper The island, first discovered in 1 642 not require dredging. The largest

and I settled here in Juarez, in Old by Abel Jansz Tasman, a Dutch exliners dock at the wharves without

Mexico. This lot was the only one plorer, was not visited again until the aid of tugs. Fruits, especially

left. Brother McDonald, who'd one hundred and forty years later, apples, are Hobart's specialty. It is

helped to plan the town, had set it when Captain Cook, in 1777, found not uncommon for an ordinary apart as the one on which to build shelter in one of its bays. The sepfarmer to ship 20,000 bushels to

the house of entertainment; so we aration of the American colonies England each year.

had to build a large home. I began from England only a few years beWith missionary activities, and

to wish we had the little organ, for fore necessitated England's finding with three branches organized, the my own pleasure and for the people another outlet for her "undesirGospel restoration message is being who stayed here. Ida was coming ables,"and Tasmania, with the arpresented from door to door, and by

to visit us. We asked her to bring rival of Captain Arthur Phillips and means of Sunday night radio talks,

the organ with her. his fleet of eleven ships and 778 as well as in the form of film lectures

"The railroad didn't come to prisoners, became a penal colony. at the Toe H clubs, Friendly Societies, and the Tasmanian UniverDublan then. We had to drive to Port Arthur was founded as the first

Deming, New Mexico, to meet her and leading town, and though today sity.

and the organ. Mexican duty was in ruins, it had a grim, eventful hisCITY OF HOBART, CAPITAL OF TASMANIA, AND

high and we had to pay it on everytory into which are written the tragic SECONDLATION 60,000.OLDEST CITY IN AUSTRALIA. POPUthing that came across the border.

There are young persons in the colonies today who have their homes entirely furnished with things made in Mexico, but in those days we had to bring furniture from the United

States. "The organ had to be weighed and paid for by the pound. To avoid

duty on the heavy packing, we took the crating off and wrapped the organ in burlap. But the road to the

customs house was so rough the keys got knocked off their pivots. The

customs man said the organ was old and no good and didn't charge us the regular duty. That was funny, for even today its tone is rich

(Concluded on page 626) "THE DAY OF HIS COMING"Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 61, v. 3839-

Geor&e H. Durham,

Con spirito. mf marcato.< <—< < mp mf V!f 1Largamenlo. ft rail. dim. mf a km.

N.B.—Use a few light, clear voices on the upper high notes of the Amen.

AFTERTHOUGHT;-"'MY SONG

By Helen Miller Lehman By Eleanor Welch Schow

of gladness song a made at her I have fretted ways OFTEN I the early spring; in morn One little things sheSo The awkward did and I it sadness banish thought would said,

all sing. could hear me From who fingers, faltering fumbling speech Her and

the throng of me, heed would But few uselessness of all her seeming days! The

about; I sent copies Though it is, is that queer since dead, she now How the that did not need me, world It seemed long, strands myrtle of cool above growAnd

out. the great had crowded For me lingers grave, that the only Her memory

Is of her gentleness and patient love. I sang in a summer twilight

To a weary child alone, STRONG MAN And my song soared beyond the sky's

By Jonreed Lauritzen And heightcame to the jasper throne,

Down the dull and heavy years WhereFound favornone inofmythestead,famed and pampered

He has walked with pondered tread But a loving Father answered

Through the valley deep with tears With a blessing upon my head.

Where the weaker bow their head;

STANDS OUR OAK TREE AGAINST AUTUMN SKY Far along the quiet land THE his beckoning, Stretched shadow, took his the ones hand By Solveig Paulson By Leah Sherman whoAnd reckoning without Followed in gay procession march C'olors tree against stands the oak sky 'Our hills, over and Up singing clouds winds and Where Till against the he came hour again, return they be, when go by; To It feels the force of storm; every his slow. steps measured were When daffodils! Tulips and its strong In branches bees can swarm. that small flower it be oneCan

In his path could turn him so? The fingers of the sun's first ray IS IT ETERNITY?

LITTLE HOMES And,Caresswhenits crownthe sunsetwith eachwarmsnewtheday,west, By Luacine Clark Fox

By Delia Adams Leitner A rose light lingers in its crest.

Lying on the grass at night, it ground the beneath beat The knows Relaxed is built, stately that every mansionFor feet. still, playing song and Of childhood's And little arise, thousand modest homes A

field of Laboring glade and eyes upturned men With toil, realities of those dreamThe who its in rested shade. gracious Have cheeks caressed by And in oh, of them wealthAnd, romance what

lies. Cool, dark air,

Our oak is blessed by wind and sky, I fill my soul with

Here are true love, deep sympathy, and AndIt is notmemoriesstrangeof thatdayssuchgonea treeby. AllNight.the grandeur of the tears,The closeknit bonds of sorrow, loss, and Seems very beautiful to me. I see—I feel

pain, That vast procession Abiding faith, and laughter, simple joys AUTUMN GOLD Marching on, and ever on

Unmeasured in the terms of worldly gain. By Vera Brown Mook FardistantIn shining stars.worlds

... endless mystery Of little are the hope, nation's homes, youO forest; the dazzling through RODE

... Unknown for hold; that the idealFoundation we WE sea; the lunched sunbright by We Is it eternity better vision of the yourThrough day own I riches the tonight count And of nameless hush That generations behold. comingThe may to glad brought me: day The beyond, Worlds

Inscrutable and THIS I SHALL HAVE TheThe goldgold ofof sandsthe glowingby the sea,maple, Timeless?

By Edna Casler Joll TheAnd goldgoldenof cloudseach memory.at sunset I've seen too much.

tarnish that will never Gold is stilled heart My I shall to heart from have warm myThis greater treasure could be O fear With chill that of these the Lord the autumn Than unnameable Of the the of short winter come, white daysWhen to the me. world and Gave veiled And is smallest flown every or dumb; songAnd

all the cold things stand growingWhen CAME AUTUMN And and numb, My momentthen it'sofgone... rain the in icy hand wind hand andAnd Yates Crawford By Elizabeth

Eternity? again, these hues noisy shoutedHave down

firmament empty. seems left torn valiant grasses the and silver bridge The foundAnd a LISSA huge, It's a black bowl,... slain. spring, a of day On shining, sparkling And silverblue, a of brook Found

the stars Are I the shall This have;This tree upon ring. a fairy hill, And

futile tears! Like still. its brief flame, beautifulBurning and

* Lissa danced and ran away DUSK Before the fairies came, FAITH

Never heard a fairy flute, By Dorothy Harriman Never heard her name. By Kathrya Kendall

Dusk comes on quiet Indian feet. Lissa walked, when autumn burned, A little seed beneath the grasses His quiver filled with powdered dark; Where the bridge had stood, ** Breathed a prayer through the sod;

He scatters it along the street Only found a brook of brown Then it raised a slender finger,

And through the park. And a flaming wood. Pushed aside a heavy clod.

FORMER HEAD OF FRENCH NEW WARDS FORMED and Harold S. Hintze as counselors.

MISSION PASSES IN WELLS STAKE John O. Everett was released as first

Sheffield of F. to counselor Bishop in service to career devoted long A porcreated from Ward, Reese named and Lon Wells Ward, J.W.* business the to varied Church and tions wards, of Burton and Wells Polumbus is the in stead. his new Pay LeRoyactivities 25 with August ended was division Ivins a formed and by Ward, counselor. Andresen second A. M. formerthe 67, of Daniel death Lang, J. of Belvedere Wells, McKinley, and clerk. as released ward was Mission. the ofpresident French He the to recently wards, been have added counselors R. A. to Bishop New in City, Salt born Novemberwas Lake total the bringing Stake, number Wells are the of Belvedere Brower Ward his of 19, he the 1871. time death At ten. stake of to the within wards sucCroft, Calvin C. Schank and E. Priest'of the president Highwas announces E. President Towler Thomas J. Checketts ceeding and Ed- H. Joseph in the Eighteenthgroup Ward. that building unbe no program would Bertell Bunker, S. C. Dodge. ward half century nearly a an For emyear, next dertaken the within new clerk, released. also was I., filled of Z. C. Elderployee Lang M. in other the of chapels meeting wards

his first mission to France in 1894. With wards.

his first wife, the late Antoinette LaThe following reorganization has MOAPA STAKE SEESPorte Lang, he served as head of the been effected in leadership of the REORGANIZATION

French conferences in 1908. In 1930 he wards Cucceeding President Willard L.

married Ruth Lundquist, and three William A. Bateman, bishop of McJones, Bryan L. Bunker, formerly

years later assumed duties as head of Kinley Ward, was named bishop of the second counselor, was named president the French Mission. He is survived new Ivins V\/ard, with Grover A. Hanof the Moapa Stake. Robert O. Gibson

by his widow and three nieces. sen and Nicholas J. Teerlink, counwas retained as first counselor and

DEATH CLOSES CAREER selors, and Roland L. Kingsbury, ward Bishop J. Harold Brinley of the Las

OF TEMPLE DESIGNER clerk. Vegas Ward was chosen second counHerlin, School stake Arnold Sunday

58, chairman Pope, ConradOyrum bishopric of of superintendent, bishop chosen the Las Vegas was selor.New architects temple of the of board consists S. the L. Bunker, of Beckley with Ross Columbus Ward, new Ward attack heartfor the of a died Church, Sheffield bishop, as counwith and and Carl N. Walter Long LeRoy Fox

in business 25, Preston while onAugust selors. counselors. LeSeuer, A.

firm,for his Funeral Pope and Burton. reof of Earl bishop Milton E. A. Overton was Andresen named was J. ofservices chapel conducted in a were after service Ira eighteen as leased F. years'Burton succeeding KimWard,

his designing, the University own is clerk, ball, stake succeeded and Alfred by and and MarReed Uhrhan W. membership. held he whereWard, of as counchosen Vegas. lowe Las Callahan were Whipple

Born in a suburb of Nuremburg, Gerselors. Reorganization took place under the

2, 1880, Eldermany, Pope December F. In the F. direction Adiel of Elders Richards McKinley George Ward,

in studied 1896 and Americacame to elevated of the of counStewart Council from first A. Callis and Charles was

at the Chicago Art Institute before selor to bishop, with L. Darrel Welling the Twelve.

opening practice in Salt Lake City.

Famed structures designed by him include the Canadian and Hawaiian temples, and St. Paul's Episcopal

church in Salt Lake. As chairman of

the board of temple architects for the

Church he was busy with plans for temples at Idaho Falls and Los Angeles at the time of his death.

DAUGHTER OF BRIGHAM YOUNG SUCCUMBS "P\eath on August 21 of Mrs. Clarissa

Hamilton Young Spencer, daughter of Brigham Young, took from

Church and community another colorful personality. The wife of John D.

Spencer, Mrs. Spencer was in later

years prominently associated with activities at the Lion House Social

Center, where she was born July 23, MISSIONARIESARRIVEDLEAVINGSEPTEMBERFOR THE4, 1939—DEPARTEDFIELD FROM THE SEPTEMBERSALT LAKE 14,MISSIONARY1939 HOME1860, the daughter of Brigham Young

and Lucy Ann Decker Young. LaRueLeftJones,to right,Gail Gudmundsen,first row: JamesWandaG. Clay,Fullmer,Iva GeorgeRose Decker,C. RichardViola Bennett,Galloway. Emily Fay Therning, Leah Gruwell,

Several years ago she founded the Second row: President Don B. Colton, Mrs. John A. Israelsen, Ethel Black, La Ree Whitby, Martha Cleo

Memorial Room at the Lion House to Wilcken, Melba Flake, Edith Olsen, Joseph Victor Stevenson.

preserve memory of her father and hisWilson,ThirdMarionrow: Nelson,WillardJohnLeRoyGarside,Smith,JohnMelvinBishop,Woodland,Franklin PresidentL. McKean.John A. Israelsen, Dorothy Mowery, Ardis

toric incidents pertaining to early Utah Fourth row: Theodore Larsen, Donald Cox, Leland Stanford McCullough, Iris Marjorie Alger, Phyllis

settlement. Collaborating with Mrs. Madsen, Orvilla Jacobsen, William David Newsome, Aubra Morgan.

Fifth R. L. Harbertson, Albert Israelsen, Heath, row: Clarence David Bacon, Clifton Herbert J. Howard lastEarl Harmer, Mrs. Spencer's W.

Erickson, Muir, Peterson, Lloyd Mary K. Harline. Dan Ferguson, Burnett Alden the preparation of a book. waswork

row: Sixth Willis, Dunn, Vern Calvin Bennion, T. Carl G. Gold George Woodbury, Evans George M. Beal,

Is being Valiant, Jr., Cheever, S. nowOne Ivins A. Arthur Wallace, Hyde. Gordon Who

printed, which deals with personal Seventh row: Ralph Charles Gunn, Douglas Pay, Dean Christensen, Dean Ray Hicken, Wilbur Murdock, Joel

reminiscences of her father. Helen S. Lillywhite, Frank Robson Brown, Joseph Roy Hilton, Gail Turner.

Williams of the Y. W. M. I. A. GenHugo EighthHarvey row:Peterson,FredrickAllen Aldrich,Miles Dillman,Marion ClydeHinton,BaxterGeorgeKirkman.Balir Bradshaw, Charles Allred, Reed P. Larson,

eral Presidency is a daughter. Ninth row: John Phillip Dalby, Myron Leslie Western.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

MISSIONARIES TRANSFERRED August 27, 1939 the bishopric of the new Beverly Hills

FROM WARAFFECTED AREAS President Levi Edgar Young of the Ward, is not a member of the bishopric is particiof States the president but Mission England ward Y. M. New

the of ahead outbreak"\T7ell of ao I. in counselor the Institute in the of second Relapated A. M. Human A

conflict in v "tual countries of Europe is tions, bishopric to announced. yet 27 to Sepbe met August which

now involved in a war of major protember 1 at Williamstown, Massarportions, the First Presidency of the chusetts. President Young, who was NEW HEAD NAMED FOR

Church on August 24, ordered imme- a leader of the Utah branch of the orNORWEGIAN MISSION diate missionaries of evacuation from first in counselor Israelsen, A. ganization the last year, addressed naJOHN France,Germany, a and England. As the presidency, has Stake tional conclave "Citizenship Hyrum and on

result of instructions issued more than Religion."The institute is sponsored been appointed to preside over the Nor-

a year ago to mission presidents in the by the National Conference of Chriswegian Mission, it is announced. He

disturbed areas that they should pertians and Jews. succeeds President A. Richard Peterfect for missionaries of plans removal son. Israelsen family President and 27, August 1939

this notificationat that once upon the entered Mission on SeptemHome Stephens, of Carl former O. member done, has evacuationshould been be their for departure prior to ber 4 Northe council, high S. succeeded A. Wilefficiency. effect intocarried great with 15. September on way as kinson bishop of Huntington Park in kept touch close ChurchThe was Stake. Angeles Harry Los Ward, in situation the well ofwith advance STAKE HONORS OGDEN Christensen were and Lee named Jackhostilities daily the telephone conby PRESIDENT McKAY counselors, replacing Oliver E. Hansontacts of President Clark, Jr. Reuben J. sixtysixth his occasion of /"N the and Floyd Hampson. thewith State, of Department Washfive birthday, than hundred more

28, 1939 Augustington, of direction D. the C. Under officers of the stake and Ogden ward Succeeding H. OsHudson Webb, of Fielding the of SmithJoseph Council is of Stake, he a former member, which appointed bishop C. wald was Hardman officialthe tour of an Twelve, on EuPresi- 9, tribute paid to September on

of Thirtieth the Stake. Pioneer Ward, missions, transfer ofropean temporary First dent the of David O. McKay Cracroft D. Boren and Henry Edwin neutralmissionaries the to made was Presidency. Eulogies addressed were

as counselors, were chosen A. and ofcountries Sweden, Norway, Denclose to associates President by McKay clerk. DeGraw, Wayne Holland. Latermark, and cablegrams his friends of during years and won

from Church headquarters directed September 7, 1939. Church service. President Samuel G.

their final disposition, instructing those C. H. Dorson, head of the organ Dye represented the people of Ogden

who had nearly completed their mission department of Columbia University and Stake in his tribute to the honored guest.

to be released, others to be transferred retiring warden of the American Guild Each of the twelve wards of the stake to unaffected missions in Europe, and of Organists, and Raymond C. Robincontributed numbers to the program.

the remainder to be sent to missions in son, professor of music at the UniSpecial guests were President and Sister the United States to complete their versity of Boston and organist at King's Heber J. Grant and President and

term. Moves have involved some 35 Chapel in Boston, visited the Salt Lake Sister J. Reuben Clark, Jr. Toastmen and women missionaries. Tabernacle for the first time, were master at the banquet was William

shown the organ's fine points by AlexArthur Budge of the stake presidency.

CHURCH BUYS RECREATION ander Schreiner and Frank W. Asper,

CENTER ON COAST organists, and played the organ themDESERET INDUSTRIES selves. tonal commented on its OPENS They EIGHTH STORE

in of a country clubhousePurchase qualities the acoustics of the and /\rganized one year ago, on August California, for Burbank, as use a Tabernacle. 12, the Industries, Deseret cooper- center has amusementChurch anbeen

nounced by the Presiding Bishop's September 10, 1939 ative program of the Church Welfare office. Approximately $25,000 will be President Heber J. Grant dedicated Plan to salvage and recondition old

used in remodeling the structure, bought the Utah Valley Hospital at Provo, materials for resale, marked its first for $15,000. It will be used by Burbuilt through a grant of $240,000 from anniversary by completing arrangebank Ward and Pasadena Stake for the Commonwealth Fund of New York ments for opening of its eighth retail

recreation purposes. City and $90,000 raised through donastore in Salt Lake County. Stores are

tion from 4,000 citizens within the 35now located in Salt Lake, Magna,

August 26, 1939 mile radius to be served. Murray, and Midvale.

sixty junior Approximately seminary project has The a twofold purpose: 17, 1939. September

principals,superintendents, officers and first, to remake articles useful many chapel of the The new Oxford Ward, states gathsurroundingfrom and Utah benefit for the in of people not a posiStake, Idaho, dedicated Oneida was fall in Salt for City conered a Lake tion to purchase ones, proto new and President by Heber J. Grant.ference direction the of Dr. under M. vide such articles for necessary many

Lynn Bennion, supervisor of seminary Correction the Welfare Program; and second, to

activities for the Church Department of Roger Cannon, announced in the provide employment for people who

Education. September Era, p. 543, as a counselor in might find it difficult to qualify in regular

industry and for others who desire to learn various trades available in the

CACHE REGIONAL program.

STOREHOUSE Serving the Cache, Logan, Hyrum, BenFORMER SWEDISH MISSION son, and Smithfield HEAD RETURNS stakes as warehousing and work center in the ru stive O. Larson, who has presided Church Welfare Prothe is this gram structure, mission since Swedish over

of one the remodel1936, released and returned was ed buildings of the August, former New Jerto Utah in September with his family sey Academy at Loto assume his previous position as digan. Incidentally,

it has not lost sight rector of the L. D. S. institute of

of ideals the set forth in the for religion at Cedar City. No successor campaign

Church beautification. has yet been named to direct activities

Chairman of the storein the mission.

. house i,s Bis>hop

George Raymond. (Continued on page 627)

fcdiiiftiaL Into free agency must go various ingredients which are never to be forgotten or gainsaid: toler-

"Rrom the book of Genesis we read of Jacob, who ance for the opinions of others; efficiency in exeawoke one night while traveling in a strange cution of plans; diligence in study; steadfastness to

land, and said: "Surely the Lord is in this place; that which is right. God grant that we may live

and I knew it not."Jacob was no more startled to merit free agency. M. C. /.

by his discovery than have been many men since his time—men who have attempted to run away JhsL Tl&xt sunstiiaiwrL

and the Lord, conscience, from from and from life, statistics, illustrated national graphically far, Current fast traveled and they have even though who, points those Service, reemphasize by Science be, that they life and wherever found have may conscience and the Lord are, in the words of Jacob, with respect to the rearing of children to which attention was invited some months ago. (See "in this place,"also.

"Shall felt they have had things who have Some men 1 939. ) I ARearrecitationa Family?,"of birthsImprovementper thousandEra,mayApril,be to as to so foolish not been from have run away

illustrated lightly facts over, but not the so passed into far been take a have country—they in of the cent married per United women—30 foolish to as so themremove more afoolish—evenjourney children; 18 one; States cent 18 per have have of selves, the hands, presence from by their own

it is left cent for the remaining per have notwo—and find, to will there according they even men. But

the word of the Lord which faileth not, that God 34 per cent to maintain or increase the race!

is in that place also, and that conscience goes with Except for those who are justified by reasons unthem, and that life and all of its problems and avoidable, marriage without family is a reproachmistakes must be faced, even in that realm in which ful and unnatural state. Those married couples

men find themselves beyond the grave. who are childless by choice are voiding their obliAnd so, lest any man decide to take a far journey gations to society and shortsightedly robbing theminto this world or any other, let him remember now, selves of the greatest compensations that men may

so that he may not be surprised later, that life is as well know in this life. Even a broadly selfish sense

long as eternity, and that no man may travel prompts farseeing people to rear families. And as faster or farther than his conscience, nor beyond for our debt to the past—the only way we ever pay

the realm of accountability to the Lord God his it, is to do for the next generation what has been

Father in Heaven. done for us.

Since life is a thing of everlasting duration, it After all of the personal and social and economic would seem to be the better part of wisdom to reasons have been chalked up against childbearing solve its problems here, rather than to carry them and familyrearing, there is still this to be said in unsolved into the hereafter. R. L. E. its favor: That's the way we all got here! It is to

be doubted if our coming were physically conJaml Gq&yuty venient for our mothers or economically convenient "pREE agency is on the operating table. Men who forcesfor ourusfathers.to concludeAnd thatyet thetheirfactsacrifice,of our existenceif such it

know not surgery attempt to doctor in the name was, was something quite worth while. And our

of humanity. Unhesitatingly, they thrust the knife obligation to life is not removed until the next

in. Heedlessly, they pull it out, caring little that generation stands to our credit.

the patient's very life blood is pouring from the The unspeakable joy of watching our own chilincision. dren grow and develop, the supreme satisfaction of

The claim of these men is that in emergency paying a debt to the past, and the fact that God anything is permissible; that free agency must give our Father says it should be so, are combined with

way to dictatorship because greater good can be the countless other compensations that make it accomplished with greater speed for the greater good to be the founder of a family. Let no one

number of people. Rapidity of action would seem doubt that it is so. R. L. E.

to overbalance steady conversion. Democracy at

best flounders and seems to move slowly—but that

very slowness tends to make progress certain. By

progressing steadily, the whole group is educated, TELE FACT and, although U. S. A. OF CHILDREN leaders may come and go, the prinNUMBER ciples go on forever.

When free agency goes, democracy no longer o o exists. Those who assume power maintain it at the

expense of democratic principles. When they are removed by death or disaster, the principles which IIHMI1III130% OF MARRIED WOMEN. HAVE NONE

they established perish with them.

Free agency is a bigger thing than exigency or nation or time. In the hearts of all thinking men

1 and women everywhere, there exists the hope that flliiff18% HAVE some day man can learn to govern himself through the application of the principle of free agency.

flip Jff think, to Ideally, free freedom agency means tw ft? Trr talk, fffISiM18% HAVEW? 2 WW greatest will bring that the act in good and a way

to all mankind.

ftftftflft SftftS608 &34% HAVEAftftft3 OR MORE

Science ServicePictorial Statistics, Inc. 9-8

In the Old Testament are recorded fewer than one hundred events that can be called miraculous.Evidences and That is not a large number for the thousands of

years covered by Israel's history before Jesus.

Many more uncommon events have been recordedreconciliations in every recent century. In the New Testament

about a half hundred miraculous events have been recorded.xvii. (bid, JthsL Sun, Stand StUL

In view of recent progress, many of these lAporL %ibsmc? "miracles"do not now seem so strange. The cure

of leprosy, making a barren woman fertile, the comquails, ing of the plagues and of Egypt manyTn the Book of Joshua 10:1214, the following quite others are the limits within of present human

occurs understanding. The floating of Elisha's ax ceases

Then spake Joshua to the Lord in the day when the Lord to be a wonder in a day of magnetism. Others, on

delivered up the Amorites before the children of Israel, and the other hand, are yet beyond our comprehension, he said in the sight of Israel, Sun, stand thou still upon notably, perhaps, the two greatest miracles of all, valley in the of Ajalon. thou,Gibeon; and Moon, And the the creation of the earth and the coming of man.

still, until the people stayed, hadsun stood and the moon this their written enemies. themselves Is not uponavenged

in the of It must also be kept in mind that some of the midst stood still the sun of Jasher? Soin the book

heaven, and hasted not to go down about a whole day. And Bible miracles, especially in the Old Testament,

there was no day like that before it or after it, that the Lord may be poorly described, or incorrectly translated, hearkened unto the voice of a man: for the Lord fought for and therefore confusing to us of a later day. LatIsrael.

terday Saints will do well to remember that the

There is no good reason to doubt the hisLord does His work through mortal men, subject toricity of this event, that during a battle between to the weaknesses of the earth. Jonah in the whale's

Israel and the Amorites, daylight was extended belly may be such a one, which if fully understood far beyond the usual limits of day. The sun and would leave no question behind.

to be at seemedmoon rest. It is not the only account The real quibble in the field of miracles arisesin history of similar phenomena.

over the intervention of divine power in the affairs

The explanation of the occurrence made by the of men. As to this, Latterday Saints can take but

writer or some later copyist, implies that the earth one side, for they believe in the existence of God, ceased its daily rotation and annual course around whose intelligence permeates the universe. They

the sun, to bring about the needed additional daybelieve that divine power and intelligence may and light for Israel's victory in battle. This may well be do help weak humanity, true sons and daughters

questioned. Even limited human knowledge sugof God. Latterday Saints do not attempt to limit

gests several simpler methods, by refraction and the extent of the Lord's intelligent power, to muzzle reflection of light, for instance, by which the extenHim, as it were. As the possessor of infinite knowlsion of daylight might be accomplished. Divine edge and power, the Maker of the heavens and the

power may stop the rotation of the earth, let that be earth, He may at will set forces into operation to clearly accepted, but it certainly may have at its succor His children or to witness of His power.

command other means for extending the hours of light in a day. Likewise, Latterday Saints hold without apology

A miraculous event, properly authenticated, must to the doctrine that mortal men, commissioned with be accepted as any other occurrence. An exdivine authority, may in mighty prayer and faith

planation of a miracle must however be held in bring divine help to those of earth in physical, doubt until fully confirmed by acceptable knowlmental, or spiritual need. Indeed, such manifestaedge. tions always accompany authoritative appointment

A miracle is an occurrence which, first, cannot in the plan of salvation.

be repeated at will by man, or, second, is not underlife andstood in its cause and effect relationship. History Those who are familiar with Mormon

history that through exerprayer and faith, knowis filled miracles. is more, the with such What

if Priesthood, the miracles happenings, cised by of progress of story is the conversion man'swhole "miracles"into controlled and understood events. you choose, far beyond the ken and power of man,

The airplane and radio would have been miracles, have come to pass. If collected they would outyesterday. All wellinformed persons now admit number and often outweigh those recorded in the

Bible. this the these grateof For days is Churchthat there forces in the countless universe may be

ful. It is fulfilment the of but express the declarain forces yet operarecognizednot man. These by

tion may produce results baffling to man. tion that miracles shall follow them that believe, to

We no longer speak of supernatural events, for help men in need and to strengthen their faith.

the invasion of the unseen world by man has shown The quibble over miracles in this miraculous day that all human experiences are but manifestations of progress is dying. Common sense dictates that

of the one world—are natural though perhaps not if the authenticity of a miracle is established we

understood. can afford to wait for its explanation. J. A, W.

.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

RADIO AND THE FAMILY BY EMMA R. SMITH

Family Responsibility 5. If there was any doubt about a proso I thought you thought it was all

gram, the decision of the family council right."

passing the observer beneath final. considered was to be A ny Hearing a gangster in program once"Mrs. and America of Mr. windows Variations of this plan while might probably effect be a has no lasting

asearly hear an morning any may to adapted almost family a child. on any Constantly hearing whose provariety radio of programs, tounding are in conviction to grams members open which characters representing on how

hour. In the early considering one to this use criminals to open take door part opbroad inbut cannot be

following: the Setblock heard were portunities. jurious. fact that iterates voice a The

exercises, stockweather, the tingup that little crime not does has inpay in the weather announcements, yards Effects Standards on fluence child's a on evaluation of a localities, kinds, of music other many being tends to human become criminal clever A so that and glamorous day's the preceding of market record a reconciled things familiar are which all not only others, he outwits lives but skit, reports, a supposedly humorous to child, him. hearing a program life desirable his very a criminal Ato with

a transcript of a political speech, news with undesirable features a sufficient activities. Radio furnishes rather diabout foreign wars, and a program for number of times to get accustomed to rect contact with character. It clothes

children. If the observer had a view it, may come to accept it as the right undesirable behavior in attractive dress,

families, of the he probably would same kind of entertainment. of glosses and often over objecwholly A family

stage of see in some the members most average intelligence listened to the tionable for conduct with excuses the dressing, eating breakfast or preof same it. program one night person a week over showing

in children, it, dressing bringingparing a period of time. The program was Those whose business it is to serve

listeningthe milk, with few very atsilly, harmless, but except for the use the public to high should be held tentively. the American It has become vulgar of a expression the comedian standards of expression. short Nothing

habit to "run"the radio the greater allowed himself each time. No disof correct, acceptable English should

part of the waking hours of the family. cussion was held concerning any part be tolerated. It should be made a

There are, of course, all kinds of of the program, although the mother qualification of those who assume to parents. Many fathers consider the occasionally protested that the comehold positions in connection with the

radio peculiarly their own. Although dian was not up to standard. After radio that they use English to which

they tune in to programs interesting the program had run for some months, no one could take reasonable exception.

only to themselves, they prohibit genthe sixyear-old son of the family used Perhaps the most serious injury eral conversation while they themthe comedian's objectionable expresdone by keeping the radio running conselves are listening. They feel no oblision in his conversation. Immediately stantly, no matter what the occupation

gation, however, to abstain from conthe father protested, and threatened of the listeners, is the forming of the versation themselves when someone punishment if the offense were repeathabit of divided attention. After the

else has selected the program. ed. The son said, "first deep absorption of children when,

Many intelligent parents are asking says that every Sunday evening, and on account of their singlemindedness, just what arrangements should be made you listen to it and don't say anything, it is easy for them to lose themselves about the use of this wonderful invention in the home. It is so different

from any other equipment of the home that the seekerafter-precedent has noneto depend upon. The area it covers is GOOD BREAD

its rightful use plan forso that a broad m ak es a 9 {ood spread life. of featuretouches every

One typical American family, containing two teen age and two school TASTE BETTER age children, held a series of "family Youngsters need lots of energy out meetingscouncil"to work a plan food. That's why wise mothers to everyone.that be satisfactory would

Any member who wanted to listen to see that there's plenty of good a certain program could do so under the bread on hand for afterschool following conditions: snacks. Royal Bread is the fa-

1. He must be allowed to choose a program and listen only when his time should vorite in thousands of homes

studying, spent innot be working, or otherbecause it tastes better—is betduties. with occupiedwise

2. Other members of the family, engaged ter. Ask for Royal Bread by

in normal pursuits, must not be annoyed name.by anyone's use of the radio—either by its

noise or the type of program.

3. No member should listen to a program

acobjectionable, in any waswhich way fresh mm of morals, standards to the familycording every day taste. or goodmanners, Mi BAKING ROYAL COMPANY at your

to be exciting programs were IIMeAD Salt 4. No Lake and Ogden grocer's.

the school {for in near age timetuned bed Mueller, President George HomeOwned 100% members ) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 193?

entirely in whatever interests them, there comes a period of conscious effort, when concentration is almost impossible except under the most favorone, conditions. noable There is no NO MORE SKIMPY his to centermatter what his ability

attention, who cannot do better thinking when he is not receiving concepts sense. thanthrough one more Few

center the can beings changehuman BREAKFASTS—————a———i thingof attention so quickly from one

that another part of the activity in suffer. does not are engaged theywhich at

attention OUR house! that dividedIt is not in reason

can give results as satisfactory as attention centered wholly upon one object.

Is It Possible to Improve the Radio Situation?

'T'here is no doubt that in many homes the regular discipline extends to the use of radio.

Then there are homes in which programs are never chosen, in which the only object seems to be to have the radio "on,"no matter what the other activities are. As a people, Americans

need education in its use. We need to

consider for what purpose it serves us.

Is there a special purpose or a special time for its use? Can the family come

to some agreement on programs for its different members? In the home

much can be done to prevent the abuse of this wonderful channel of communication. pSpBPM*"

What can be done outside the home?

A group of determined mothers decided that their children were being harmed by certain propaganda. They

met and formulated a plan of action.

They took their proposal to the station putting on the program. Failing to

make any change in the situation, theythen appealed to the sponsor, who at...when THREE

first belittled the harm set forth by them. The determined group then tookdrastic action. They boycotted the PANCAKES cost

product of the sponsor so thoroughly that his bank balance began to showhim the difference organized pressure ONLY A PENNY!

could exert. He was slow in coming

to the conclusion that his method of What a difference a good, subadvertising last did not pay, at but he stantial breakfast PANCAKE that thoroughlybecame of convinced in the makes day's work! Folks

fact. his changed methods and He energy have more these pep and influentialhas in been helping some

other advertisers to profit by his excold mornings when they eat nourishing breakfasts of Globeperience. ECONOMICAL! "Al"pancakes, served with Radio sketches for children shouldbe distinctive in bringing to the child ham, bacon or sausage for va-—makes three pancakes for

something necessary to his imagination. riety. Serve a pancake break- a penny.

rareSomething delicately and handled fast a package tomorrow—buy QUICK!is the possible in of radio. area There of Globe Pancake "Al"and

is the no reason radio. of maker why add liquid. It Flour. lots—just Waffle containssketches not should create a new of good, oldfashioned butterfor children'sstandard entertainment. DEPENDABLE! for milk flavor. extra little for sketch the ones not be needA ingredients are always—the Itpretentious. If serious. not be need

it is humorous, it should contain fun the same, always perfectly of the rollicking but clean kind that mixed.children really enjoy. "The gift of beGLOBE "A1"

ing funny for little children,"says May

Lamberton Becker, "is one of the rarestto be bestowed upon authors or artists."PANCAKE AND WAFFLE FLOUR

(Concluded on page 612) n

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

Homing (Concluded from page 611) The radio sketch for the very young should make the characters come alive / for the hearers; be clear and beautifully

simple in language; include material for wonder and surprise; be skilfully deGive

signed; show an honest respect for the

integrity of childhood; and be conthat / meatless meals its sistent in purpose, whatever

be. a projudge Mothers may may appeal..

tests. Just same gram by these any a NEW

program is not good enough for children. Parents choose books, toys, Appetites quicken to the

playmates, and schools with care. The mouthwatering goodness

cannot is in Children radio the home.

the of Pioneer Minced Sea it gives from get away it. What

children should be carefully selected; Clams in dozens of tasty

their hours of using it should be caredishes. Appetizing...

fully controlled. Then radio can do

only good.

THE COOK'S CORNER By Barbara Badger Burnett COOK 1 cup diced celery until tender.

Cream of Celery and Clam Soup Drain off water and save 2 cups. Melt

4 tablespoons Clover Leaf Butter. Add 2

tablespoons flour, celery water and 2 cups

Clover Leaf Milk. Stir until thickened.

Add celery and 1 can Pioneer Minced Sea

Clams. Season with salt. Remove crust

?$&&>&!'> from Royal Bread. Toast, butter, and

sprinkle with grated cheese. Cut in strips

Get a "delicious"start in the and put in soup dishes just before serving.

the clean white From waffles morning. or panHave Noodle Ring Tuna butcakes. with Saturate them of the North Pacific and boil sands A-l Noodles Break 1 cup Globe ter trulypopular West's and the

Drain. salted 20 minutes. water Add... table syrup JACK. in LUMBER beaten1 J4 Ocean, the finest Razor 2 well Sauce, cups medium White better. You'll like the breakfast

You'll eat more heartily, and the Milk White eggs. Add 14. can White Star Clams are dug just as they

buttered into and bake mold Pour rich will Tuna. Jack sugar of Lumber firm. reach their prime. Then, until at of water 375 degrees in a pan for give you energy the day

the exclusive Pio-—you'llaheadl neverRememberforgetLumberthe temptJack TurnCreamedout Tunaon plattera la King.and fill center with through

ing flavor. Creamed Tuna a la King neer process of packing,

grocer ask your FOR ECONOMY, Clover Leaf all Butter they with come to you or, if the prefer, 5 pail, No. you tablespoon salt the jug. convenient

pimento for 2X2 tablespoonstablespoons chopped their flavor natural and can White Star Tuna Vt freshness... with all their flour 2 tablespoons

mineralcontain- alleys; IK cupscup dicedClovermushroomsLeaf Milk valuable

Make white sauce of butter, flour, milk, ing properties.

and salt. Add the rest of the ingredients.

Hearty Salad Bowl Leaders for fortyfive 2 hard cooked Milk White eggs—chopped pieces years, Pioneer Minced Sea into small broken cup shrimp, n

2 tomatoes, cut in slices Clams are the white meats 6 lettuce leaves, pulled into small pieces celery /2 cup chopped only... tender, rich andLumber 1 in slices cut avocado,

nourishing.

Dressing 1 cup Mazola 2 teaspoon mustard *4 teaspoon pepper 4 tablespoons vinegar 2 teaspoons salt few drops onion juice Place all salad ingredients, well drained and chilled, into bowl. Mix dressing ingredients separately in small bowl, just

before serving pour dressing over salad.

Note: Lumber Jack Syrup is a blend

Since Pears of of quantities sugars. Baked Large PIONEERi—e -=d-

into enter U. sugar the making fine& I. large pears. Put in buttered Peel and core 1894 of this fine Imitation syrup. maple

flavor that's simply deliciousl baking dish. Sprinkle with Royal Cookie SEA CLAMS

by NALLEY'S, Made Inc.—Manufacturers of crumbs.Syrup. BakePour overin moderateall Nalley'soven Lumberjackuntil pears the Perfect Dressing and other TANG,

QUALITY FOODS are tender.

his all, lives to he of up Best beauty. her Icelanders apenlightened Progressive and MARCH, CHEMURGYFARMWARD best can the one of "saying the standard live under to to learned pear haveTAKES COMMAND in is institution life."an Coffin Mr. about has rule. world disturbed golden Our(William McCann Coward J. Hale,

to professes know America. Icelandic Anyone who the small learn from to much $2.00.)Co.

nation of 120,000 souls. anything about poetry must know the

of coiner the word Chemargy Hale, This Coffin. P. Tristram of Robert to works emigrant first Icelandic (1855) TheDR. scientific with equipped splendidly and is recomcollected his of poems Thidriksson, States Thordur the United was

in this grapples experience, andknowledge fine C. the of the pioneer convert, J. a Mormon bookmended.—M. of series In problem. a the farm withbook first Morcolonists of Utah. Icelandic The

points chapters SPEAK he phrasedpopularly RECORD THE in 1851. LET Iceland reached missionaries out mon Houghton Thompson, (Dorothy agricultural towardsthat advance the new figure world a produced book, by The 1939. Boston, Mifflin Company, of agrithe will use fromprosperity come Saints, makes friend the of Latterday a and

$2.75.) pages. 400 food the than in othercultural products reading. inspiring instructive, charming,

adrecent tremendousindustry. The A. pointed introduction, the has author W.—J. the IN unsurpassed in chemistry, an makingvances as conditions they the of seriousness out ROBERT OF POEMS COLLECTED achieveof the in romance humanchapter out in exist points the today. She world P. COFFIN TRISTRAM addito the door such openedment, have is "is that of the whatever Naziism York, enemy (Macmillan Company, New that crops. means oftional farm That uses pragmatic, reasonable, sunny, common- $3.00.) pages. 1939. 349 inlies in a the farmer future of new the lifeaffirming, formsense, freedomloving, of this collection to poems Preface and the farm bringsdustrial which system THE tradition."of conscious seeking, and read is be should by masterpiece and is a It pointed cooperation. into closefactory is the collection of a book, which This poetry. or read write all One would interwho of passing the that, with alsoout syndicated author has the which column over emphasizes Coffin that thought, Mr. requires security national trade,national States, the speeches of throughout United is is this: saying again, "Poetry over and selfsufficiency.national of has broadcasts, has made, she which life."could about can the best one One this stimulating in presented ideas The three in preparation the process over of been the word expanded that he had wish of man's foundation the yet form maybook to herself years. be author has shown The all literature. include to Today poetry after It is read to prosperity. good future conditions observer of analyst a and keen so receiving are sordid the ugly and when knowllight the of modern with a who, man are, wishful rather being as than they a it is writers, good emphasis the among much into steadily clearly and looks edge, thinker as conditions might concerning they that plainly states writer find to one who A. W. be. future.—/. "different poetry put believes should he

at the speech In a commenting made on Coffin together."things Mr. of kinds good KNOWLEDGETHE NEWER

of Arts Conference Tercentenary Harvard responsive chord strikes another when also NUTRITIONOF Gilson Professor Etienne Sciences and by E. McCollum, V. Rewritten, Edition, (Fifth simple that and poetry states be must he

strikes Paris, the of University of the author Day. G. OrentKeiles, Harry and that public theElsa and understood readily by

all thinking that should note heard a be by $4.50.) "public as Macmillan a Company. restored poetry should be

if universal persons: conviction the that function."major to a be nutrition has come the is in else truth everything supreme overHuman is chronologically. collected poetry The life, health of mankind. Long concern the go, will the should world world know in is it that autobiography almost Therefore for work, and zest alive, capacity and while of slavery. worst kind slavery—mental interests it author's changing the reveals

life been of affairs shown have in the sanity the one columns, through back Looking all displays style. that In writes he he and of habits nutritive the determined to by that thought be sees more Miss Thompson it life, in interest his intense be whether of and the war madness interpreter mankind. of clearly Even the average than life the beast. of of or evidences man He disnutritive to traced be crimes other events may current has wherein and shown we to nature the of a response and keen moods or nations leaders of the orders to among as things has face done wise she be may

mobs or criminal rings. The progress of so that we may reach better conclusions.

the vast demonstrated has science importLIBRARIES—M. C. /.

of Wisdom. ance of the Mormon Word

Knowledge in this field has accumulated By Helen Mating WATCH FOR THE DAWN

Mifflin (Stuart Cloete, Houghton student the best that rapidly so and greatly the of days winterin-themind A GAINST pages. Boston, 1939. 489 of the abreast it difficult* to keep finds new ** stored These are books with food, for Company,

advances. In this book Dr. McCollum has years to be, $2.50.)

preto to edition, edition attempted, from style, That his picturesque to feast wish vigorous, men who on thought With field of in the information all available sent find; may transports again Stuart Cloete once

fifth edition, and this, he the nutrition. In silent hearts And posterity. nourish 614) (Concluded on page

magnificent a done his associates have Orlando, Photo bg ]eano is conknown of work. Whatever piece

cerning the factors of nutrition is here compiled and arranged for the easy use of the student. It is a veritable encyclopedia,

useful to the technical student, the research worker, and the intelligent housewife.

Dr. McCollum is one of the world's foremost authorities in the field of nutrition.

He has often lectured before Latterday

Saint audiences, and hundreds of the people count him their friend. J. A. W.

ICELAND, THE FIRST AMERICAN REPUBLIC (Vilhjalmur Stefansson, Doubleday

Doran & Co. $3.50.)

Iceland is geographically an outpost of the western continent, hence the subtitle of this book. It is a place of magnificent natural scenery, and of intriguing

human exploits. Its history of a thousand

years contains offerings in literature, political, and social economic relations of first importance to our present day. It was a

republic for 331 years. The cooperative

movement has operated successfully there.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

On The Book Rack (Concluded from page 613) themselves. In the tests he suggests that to each make delightful, different reading.

his readers into a lush African background friends also be asked to write their estiThe little daughters reveal charming perof Boers, Kaffirs, and English. The story mates. In this way, a fairer picture can sonalities, each different from the other.

is vastly entertaining and highly readable, be drawn. The characteristic which each has to a

the to fall real forbut ending too seems pat degree is absolute frankness. marked Yet is book an interesting to the The addition life. to expects Stephanie deserted be One is with the frankness to desire an intense various psychology that books are becominstead of transported. offense. avoid giving girls the were When ing popular today. M. C. J. descriptions Cloete's vivify the Mr. landliked they asked whether they York, New

to toscape his readers eager enough make it said that they offense give hoped would no FAMILY OUR see Africa. creation of His Kaspar van if that they said better. liked Paris they and Lin ( Adet with Anor foreword and isder of Berg Frederik and Bezuidenhout leaders of Those Junior Gleaner and comments Mei, by Mei John Company, Day it vigorous convincing. and comes When felt classes that have Story, Lest York, who 1939. 265 pages. $2.00.) New My fail. to Aletta, strokes to his powerful

I inlack Forget Treasures and Truth of /. C. at the instigation TI7ritten of—M.seem Dr. Lin terest is there because writing to be done

VV felt Yutang, that his this daughters find truly who should read and book how SPIESARMIES OF should have in girls experience writing interested in writing can and in Engbecome Collomb, (Joseph Macmillan Company, lish, these excerpts the interesting truly their Lin on writing family be. and how can 1939. York, 213 pages. $2.50.)New the countries they visited their reactions and /. C.—M.

is the only Amergiven has beenTheicanauthorjournalistof this bookwho access to Scotland Yard, the secret service, and the detective schools of France, Austria, Italy, republican Germany, and the police department archives of New York,

Chicago, and other cities. In this book the first statements made Df Special Interest To

show us the difficulties of recognizing the modern spy, for he must be ruthless and at the same time sensitive. To prove his

point, the author cites the famous or infamous Mata Hari who finally paid withher life and contrasts her with the unknown Conference Visitors

Madame de Littke, who did far more without being captured and who lives today Each Conference time we make it a point to offer visitors some undertook Shesomewhere—unknown.

spies of three outstanding values in L. D. S. Church Literature, as well as in that had baffled the bestwork

countries. How she did it reads like a General Books, Gifts and other merchandise from our complete

novel. stocks.

The methods used indicate clearly that no country can be free from the termites AN EXTRA SPECIAL VALUE, WHILE THEY LAST of other countries'spies who bore into Price every nook and corner of a country and An Introduction to the Study of the Book of Mormon undermine it until collapse is an almost By J. M. Sjodahl, Price 98c Regular $3.50

certain outcome. Step by step the author

points out the procedure used by the Nazis theirin overthrow of Spain and of well Althoughas Austria SOME NEW BOOKS FOR YDU as of Czechoslovakia.

the bulk of the book deals with the Nazi spy system, attention is also given to the Life of loseph F. Smith, By Joseph Fielding Smith $2.50

Russian and Japanese methods.—M. C. J.

A Voice From the Dust, By Genet Bingham Dee... 2.50NEXT TO VALOUR

(John Jennings, Macmillan Company,

New York, 1939. 820 pages. $2.75.) Latterday Saint Hymns, By George D. Pyper 2.00

its title statement from a madeTaking by New Edition, Gospel Doctrine 2.00

Brigadier "Next General Wolfe, James in qualities the best a militaryto valour, author Book of Mormon Geography, By J. A. Washburn 2.00 the caution,"are vigilance andman

develops the theme in a style that is reminiscent of Cooper at his best. Into the New Edition, From Playboy to Prophet and Mother Stories

story of Jamie Ferguson, who left Scotfrom Book of Mormon, By William A. Morton 1.25

land at the time when the Pretender was lost histrying to foothold regain in EngHistory, Comprehensive Roberts, 6 Volumes, Cash and historicalland, injected are the important Carry $25.00 Price Regular 30.00 of into theevents the immigration New

World, the conquest of the northern part of New York, and the fall of Quebec, with Documentary History, 7 Volumes, Cash and Carry 10.00

its significance to subsequent American history. If Mailed, $1.00 Extra Regular Price 17.50

Told in the first person, this novel gives a vivid firsthand account of love and war that will undoubtedly make this novel rank We also have many other exceptional values which it will pay you to among the highest for its readability. Since investigate.

itthe is wellwritten, deserves book and see our a perWhile at Conference, come in choice selection of Personalized in the libraries place of all thoroughmanent Christmas Cards.going Americans. M. C. J.

SEE YOURSELF AS OTHERS SEE YOU (David Seabury, Whittlesey House,New York, 1939. 352 pages. $2.50.) DESEHET BOOK COMPANY

INpiledTHISa bookseries Davidof tests Seaburywhich if hasfollowedcom44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah will undoubtedly help persons to analyze

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVEJOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

THE PROBLEM OF QUARTERLY plow and prepare the land for seeding. the appointed days in the plowing,

REPORTS About sixty members turned out to planting, thinning, and hoeing as well assist in the work and there were sevas harvesting and threshing, the Relief

HPhe problem of quarterly reports has enteen threehorse teams and seven Society sisters prepared and served not yet been fully solved by some tractors engaged in plowing. In a day lunches to them in the field.

quorums and stake committees, though and a half the field had been plowed. The project is under the supervision

there is none that has given up. Of A man was employed and paid and management of Brother E. W.

course, none such will be found. On $50.00 a month to stay on the place Bingham. It is intended that all funds

the contrary, many quorums have and do the necessary work in keeping realized from this project in excess of ceased to find the making of quarterly it up. This man finished preparing the the stake assignment and expenses will

reports a problem. So there has been seed bed and then a call was made of be turned over to apply on the new

commendable progress in this matter the people of the ward to do the plantChurch building program.

throughout the Church. ing, which they accomplished in one The bishopric of the ward report

The items that have generally given day. They planted twentysix acres of that their people have supported this

greatest difficulty are those relating to beets, seven acres of potatoes and, project one hundred per cent.

money contributions and the Word of except for two acres of hay, the reThe bishopric, manager, and the peoWisdom. But since many quorums mainder was planted to grain. ple of the ward are to be complimented

report fully on these questions, there As the beets came up and the time and congratulated on the fine cooperais a way to get the necessary informafor thinning approached, the people tion they have displayed in carrying tion. What is this way? We suggest were again asked to give of their time through this project.

that this question be fully considered and do the thinning. On the day apat one of the monthly meetings of the pointed there was such a fine response

stake committee with the officers and that before sundown all of the twentyANTI-LIQUORTOBACCO teachersdesirable—inof thefactquorums.earnestlyIt isaskedhighly sixWhenacres timehad beenfor thethinned.first hoeing arCOLUMN

that quarterly reports be complete, that rived another call was made for workquestionevery be answered and that ers. fortyfive to came About men the COMMENDABLE WORK BYthe reports be promptly made. Hence all the field and done in one hoeing was

how and where the necessary informaday. The same procedure was folRELIEF SOCIETY TEACHERS

tion for the reports may be obtained are lowed for the second hoeing, when "Crom the office of the general presiquestions that should be fully answered thirtyfive about the answered members Society of the Relief dency have we meeting, ofat the monthly spoken their to finish call and were able several reports job received indicate which above. in one day. is fine in that the the being done work

In its quarterly report queson the grain the matured and had When in stakes the Relief Society teachers by tion, getting "State plan of quarterly for the ready of harvest people was 'final that the a check making on homes reports promptly from every quorum the ward were asked to do the reaping. have access to and are reading the

one successful stake committee anThey again responded to that call and booklets in the campaign for the nonswered, sending stake committee- "By all the gathered. Brother grain was of use tobacco. liquor and The followafter them."men The committee then offered to Andreasen thresh adoptAaron ing quotations are the retaken from

ing this method shows commendable the grain without cost. Again the peoports of various stakes:

willingness and enthusiasm. But every ple of the ward were asked to devote

should take a pridequorum President Nettie L. Behrmann of

unnecessary.this method reports: Stake Whyin makingask numbertheir labordonatedand theirtime,servicesand sufficientto finish Young

others to do for us what we can do for the threshing in one day. About one

ourselves?We congratulate and thank all those thousandized from bushelsthis undertaking.of grain were realallAsthefarfamiliesas I inhaveourbeenstakeablehavetohadfindaccessout,

thatquorums prompt and make full not have yet The beets been hartoandthetobacco.pamphlets on the nonuse of alcoholreports, their excellent and commend vested, of crop but a three hundred

example to the other quorums. tons is expected, all to be dug by the President Alta B. Childs of Idaho

people of the ward. The potato crop Stake says:

is not up to par, but a yield of four

visits for the the of to check July month on QUORUM PROJECTS hundred bags is anticipated. I am writing to report 100% teachers'to given The assignment the Trenton

booklets. in placed nearly have These been

five Ward, hundred by the stake, was all the homes.

bags of potatoes. The ward will fill

WHAT IS YOUR QUORUM that assignment and in addition will Sister Laura R. Stephens of Los AnDOING? have produced 1,000 bushels of grain, geles Stake Relief Society presidency

about 300 tons of beets, and hay from has this to say:

VJThile the following is not strictly two acres.

vv a quorum project, yet it is one in As rental for the land the ward was I am happy to report that every home which the quorums participated, and is required to give fifty per cent of the has been visited and books and literature left. this in Priesthood stake howThean fifty grain, example can of what accomcent be per of the hay, onethird

ever the of charge have had campaign, butplished: of the beets potatoes. and exOther in possible cooperated have every we way. In the spring the of 1939 penses Trenton for involved seed the were and

Ward of Benson Stake rented a sixtysum of $6.75 for the rent of a team to It is reported that in Granite Stake,

acre tract of land for the purpose of be used by the man employed to stay Liberty Stake, and Grant Stake there carrying on a Welfare project. The on the place. has been a 100% checkup by the Refirst call for help on this farm was to While the brethren were engaged on (Contimied on page 616)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939 3rd Q. Elders and women, boys and girls—to the useMelchizedek Priesthood Wells Stake 65% 65% 65% of alcoholic beverages and tobacco.

196th Seventy Q.

{Continued 615) page from Stake Wells 70% 60% 30% InUnited1937, States$30,000,000in advertisingwere spentcigaretsin the distribution the teacherslief Society on Elders 1st Q.

of the booklets. Salt Lake Stake 67% 67% 67% alone. Falsehoods are dressed up to

facts, truths, slavery as as appear Elders th Q. Secretary Cecilia D. Rutter of Malad 8

to satisfy as as vice freedom, Salt Lake Stake 100% 100% 100% errorsvirtue—allStake says

7th Elders of Q. gold. for greed the propaganda The

We wish to report that the pamphlets Cache Stake "All onehundred - the liquor and tobacco interests is so on alcohol education have been distributed eleven members bold and seductive that the strength of contacted been haveto all the homes in our stake, according to to challenged is shamelessly comliterature with on Zion instructions.your this engulfed bat it. Zion is being by items."these

Sister Vinetta Simpson, secretary of 7th Q. Elders propaganda.

Weber Stake Relief Society reports: Logan Stake 74% 71% 88% There is a phase of liquor and cig11th Q. Elders aret propaganda that is especially danall the of a checkup have made We Stake Logan its is 91% 91% 81% to objective gerous because popuin find the thatten Stake wards and Weber Elders 12th Q. socially larize poisons the these among visited the pamphlets have been andhomes Stake Logan 80% 70% 30% is this ambitious. expense end no Tofor the alcohol of education campaign have 8th Elders Q.

false, great, deception be to too too no distributedbeen 100%. Stake Ogden 99% 43% 99%

into are inveigled people used. Young 9th Elders Q. in the following sends Stake Moapa that success social believing depends Stake Ogden 75% 55% 55%

S.report Secretary through Nelda cigaret the the of use 11th adroit or Elders on the Q.

Adams Ogden Stake 80% 80% 80% liveliness flowing from the glass. If

Our visiting teachers checked on this 2nd Q. Elders indulgence in cigarets and cocktails is

work during the June visits, and their reports Oahu Stake 85% 70% 89% popular in any group or situation, tempshowed that the people were reading them tation may be particularly strong forand were willing to do whatever they could SHALL LIQUOR AND nonusers in the group. This is one

It of the drive. a successto make GO? was TOBACCO S. parents should be reason why L. D.

thealso people that were reported young of solicitous the character about Merrill veryinterested, passing the were books and By Joseph F.

social young group with which theiraround for friends to read. Of the Council of the Twelve the

affiliated people on school become

Stake the Presidency of Oneida From is A Paper for Campaign Workers campuses and elsewhere. reportRelief the following Society

made: Tn our campaign for the nonuse of Not Smart to Drink

find eight out of our We fully. the completedhave work twelveWewardshave theliquorphaseandthattobaccowe callwethehave"campaignreached of Butsocalledbe it rememberedsocial popularitythat nocanamountever

contacted the other four and... they plan of persuasion,"using an expression of outweigh moral and spiritual integrity.

to put the pamphlets in every home as soon President Rudger Clawson's. The first The former has fleeting, the latter enas possible. phase—the distribution and reading of during, values. No success secured

the booklets "Alcohol Talks to Youth,"at the expense of honor and integrity

Reports From Quorums "Nicotine on the Air,"and "The Word can ever be permanent. These facts

The following reports from Melof Wisdom in Practical Terms"—will should be burned into the consciousness

chizedek Priesthood quorums indicate still continue, of course, wherever it of our people, old and young. Everythat these quorums have been very has not reached its objective—copy of one can tell substantiating experiences.

in distributing booklets being theactive still, better or in home, every each drinking L. and D. smoking Are by

for the in the nonuse campaignused the of every familiarity of members S. stones stepping to people success?

in also tobacco, liquorof and and the of these contents bookwith it, home as Latexperienced from Far many the they of a havekeeping record work lets. testify. Saints the All terday can

the of that believedone. many We that the stands world Church knows

the booklets distributed havequorums Booklets? Read the Why for of a the For Wisdom. Word

fully reported, they than havemore it all is baptized that it advisable "spells to violate Church member Why lack recordkeeping. to ofdue The faof the should be Church members using hypocrisy,"or weakness words

is obvious.remedy these miliar of bookthe contents with of once a Utah, governor spoken by

the for these quorums commend We all is that lets? Briefly, the answer late the Bamberger. Simon Weakness that also reports, urgefollowing and liquor tobacco and in should strength, loves delights why know hypocrisy

all quorum officers try to carry on an are not good for man. In the revelation dependability, vice admires virtue.

effective "campaign of persuasion."giving us the Word of Wisdom the Untarnished honor shines in any enthis information. give us It is did not clean, the vironment. manly, honreasons the gives general never full orable men person of and sympathy A si oo HiD K "1 Lord that his the orders. for But Lord his for love that fellows knew the crowds

find out, inquisitive in. he which delight *>o would strong, It is the man capable,Quorum and Stake eraG been the "why's"has done. have energetic, that the fellow dependable And

ca4> 55 authoritatively, is though simply and for. looking employer LatterLet no CD Sh o (UuCjg

briefly, in told booklets. these Saint into thinking deceived be day O o

the Further, was that of liquor the what use Lord knew or can tobacco "* S Z Z0\ Elders Q.2nd in of conspirhearts the be and to ever would help success him even among

Luis StakeSan 80% 80% 80% is stateing This His men. proved by for denon-Church members, they too

5th Elders Q. evils that "In of it spise consequence and ment weakness hypocrisy. and No,

.. StakeTimpanogos 70% 70% 80% in will exist the is designs and which for do "socially peosmart"our NOT4th Seventy Q. last in hearts the of conspiring ple to use these narcotics, men whatever StakeEnsign 81% 81% 81% I days forewarn the and have warned you will be others. with case may Zion

Priests'High Q. this of giving its unto free evils of narcotic you you, by be glory and Word of part Stake "MajorCarbon

brilliantly revelation."its "Conspiring all shine by more our Wisdom youth when read members have

all three booklets."men"in our times are carrying on an and young people are so instructed and

2nd Q. Elders alluring, deceptive, intensive and very motivated that they will never touch

Twin Falls Stake 80% 80% 80% expensive campaign to win all—men narcotics.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

To secure this end we must have the ask questions. But we do not object be awakened and to be filled

help of all mature people in the Church. to properly motivated questions; the a. Spirit of profound interest in the

Gospel reason is oneThis why b. Spirit of thanksgiving throughout

three bookletsread the named all above—need to Prophetin ignorance.taught Thethat Glorywe cannotof Godbe savedis inthe Churchthat they may be informed and able to telligence. We are spirit children of

answer the quest of youth for reasons the Father and possess in embryo His LESSON XXX why narcotics are not good for man. attributes. It is our duty to grow in Temporal Salvation (Chapter 30)

This is a questioning age, necessarily intelligence, knowledge, understanding, I The fear of poverty so because the schools teach youth to (Concluded on page 619) a. Plans to avert it today: insurance,

pensions, compensation b. The intended function of the stakes

of Zion in securing economic, Melchizedek Priesthood Ou tline of Study, October, 1939 II. Wordmoral,of andWisdomspiritualfor securitytemporal salText: Priesthood and Church Welfare. vation

a. Moral breakdown of nonobservers

b. Financial loss through nonobserv-

increase opportuniance standard,LESSON XXVIII raise 1. U. S. statistics ties of others

of Vocations Man 2. statistics ManyThe Utah of III. Philosophy Welfare Church(Chapter 28) lav/ to forgoes temporal the a. of a III. Obedience man: Brotherhood ward productive be must I. Employment spiritual well as blessings as equals of a. wageearner For a. tithes of offerings and Payment income—the b. agents are independent morally familyWe business owner b. For b. to Willingness work reserve—the for salvatogether mutual working II. of Opportunities—variety Book The c. of of Observance Wisdom Word tion vocations of d. in Faith God c. of President Statement Reuben J. a. ocof American Description 3,500 e. for in Prayer guidance temporal uplift of out Clark, Jr.—spiritual cupations affairs material cooperation for of opportunities b. Classification f. to counsels Obedience of those in

earning a living IV "Not what we give but what we authority 1. Industry share"

2. Transportation a. An opportunity for every member g. nantsPromise82:10.of the Doctrine and Coveto share, service to valuable render 3. Business 1:2627 Admonition of James

b. in service merits return of Donation 4. Professions against idleness, depression, and war IV. Ah. in implied of help case promise an 5. Personal service ills social

of need 6. Public service effort Individual

in III. Specialization has multiplied voca- c. Assistance bishops'storehouses—b.a. effort Quorum

of a matter need tions of intelligent leadership c. Need

has no price; work The of productive receipt-—it a. More—economy of V. the Priesthood work The

it is that individual promise a needs method a. assist the Lord's To plan—salvation will supplied be b. greater better training, Makes for everyone

in satisfaction brings welldoing e. Joy skill b. of priests community and kings Afor

c. of the loss of Disadvantage: view In V. of the hands the Priesthood "lay members"—few

a. whole responsibility of The free agency c. In the spirit of Christ—story of Fitness b. IV. of for a vocation matter a divine need of guidance The Christian missionary

ultimate worth c. The opportunity to transform lives d. To continue as long as there is one

a. Natural ability VI. Hunger for righteousness: a hunger to person who is in need

b. Training

c. Experience S. L. D. REPORT MONTHLY OF THE STAKE MISSIONS d. study Continued

to First Council the Seventy Made by The of Council The of the Twelve Apostles e. Fitness in skilled and in unskilled the For July. 1939 of Month

vocations MISSIONARY ACTIVITIES July July is misfit vocational security a V. The 1939 1938,,

of times out doing missionary.,Number work 7,786 6,921 problem

2. spent in missionary 1. Hours work 16,044 15,809 a. to have supported be May 3. of for entered the first time Number homes 4,730 3.720

b. 4. invitations of to return Requires readjustment mental Number 5,205

5. revisits of Number 4,592 c. 4,995 to taught be Has work new

6. of conversations Gospel Number 12,971 13,249 d. himself be must remade The man 7. of standard Number distributed: works Church

task individual VI. Providing Loaned Sold security—an

of Copies Bible the 8 9 a. Against unemployment

of the Copies Book 118 of Mormon 115 a misfit becoming 1. By not of Copies the Doctrine Covenants 10 and 13

2. By development of skills Copies of the Pearl of Great Price 7 14

(Loaned and Sold) Unclassified 67 in TOTAL 361 par427 conditions 3. watching By

8. of other distributed Number books 494 443 into stepping ticular a vocation;

9. tracts of Number and pamphlets distributed 14,837 49,187 necessary pursuit 10. when new hall of Number meetings held missionaries by 256 322

11. of cottage Number meetings held missionaries b. by 582 old age 466 For

12. of missionaries Number cottage attended hall who and meetings 1,804 2,009 savings 1. Insurance,

of investigators Number at present hall cottage meetings 2,713 and 3,390 2. tithes 13. of Payment 14. baptisms result Number of as a of work: missionary

c. Direction and propulsion needed (1) Of people over 15 years of age 80

(2) Of people under 15 years of age:

LESSON XXIX b.a. BothOthersof underwhose15parentsyears ofareagemembers 6335

All Things Are Spiritual TOTAL 178 123 (Chapter 29) 15. Number of inactive members of the Church brought into activity through stake missionary

service during the month 273 252

I Practicability of the Gospel Number of stakes in the Church 127 124 a. The law must be applied to pracNumber of stake missions organized 125 119

tical living: the spirit giveth life MISSIONARIES

b. Who serves his fellow men serves NumberNumber ofof stakesdistrictsreporting 33990 35995

God Elders 258 246 c. Poverty not essential to spirituality Seventies 1,126 1,206

286 High Priests 217 d. President F. Smith Joseph What

326 373 relationship of Women said of harmonious 2,064 1,974 TOTAL the the spiritual temporal and of missionaries the 574 requirements making minimum of righteous wealth for II. Use less of 738 missionaries requirement making purposes NumberNumber than minimum

a. First duty to provide for own famNumber of inactive missionaries 513

ily to best of ability Not classified 149 b. Second immediate consideration to TOTAL (Agrees with total above) 1,974

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

Building Boys to Latterday Saint Standards beof Latterdaystressed in Saintour publicitytraining andthatadvercould

By Ira J. Matkham, Weber College the individual activity but the mass partising campaigns:

to that are Develops anxious a testimony the truth of of we of ticipation familiar the story with areTITany the precious most possession achieve. 1. Gospel—the tried Emerson, Ralph who Waldo acquire. can any man if this: not does a boy Remember calf enter to to a persuade 2. wayward Trains to think feet. you your on life fully learn live the of to Latter- a

its Business executives barn. to are required placed the around rope a He speak

is is Saint there young, while he day at extemporaneously business conferences, calf pulled hard. refusedneck and The

life full live that will small he chance a clubs, organizations, socials at and and his for called to budge. son who He adult. as an dinners. father his behind while frompushed

3. Prepares to you executive. become an

in calf, front. Sales pulled Promotion Plan from The howThe Responsibility naturally to gravitates those

still It its ever, of ideas own. had are prepared. who executive training sell The to to our have something We

its legs stiffened to refused move. and in received helping to direct activities the selling quality are people. young a We

of is organizations lookkitchen the trainChurch from maid valuable The was Saint standards product-—Latterday ing for business responsibilities. ing sized very on amused. She much ideals. and 4. Increases poise. obtain polish You help. situation the offered toup and is it In goal, order to reach our personal in and poise often meeting with finger, aid the of the maternal"With necessary sales to develop a promotion taking people activities. and in part

calf the toshe obediinduced follow plan. officers, sales 5. force friends. of art of Our Wins making The

ently inside. teachers, and leaders should function friends is valuable in your business. Church

Special Inducements Needed as a successful business organization activities place you in companionship with in the best city. elements the to get You utilizes efficient sales prothe most inthat special to need inducements right the of We kind know people under a motion methods. fluence our people. Parents young can pleasant and environment. wholesome You

to Advertising part important has an develop friendships that eternal. officers will be can andpush and teachers ward

pull, but unless we have some special play in any sales promotion program. 6. Develops you physically. Physical

activities advertising are necessary to health; has four main obmaintain inEffective their to attractinducement and hold

: is and health essential the good of one jectivesterest live influence to cannot them we in elements personality. a dynamic 1. Attracting attention the the ideals to ofup standards and 7. Enriches of English your command 2. interest ArousingChurch. and improves your memory. Extempo- 3. desire Creating

for our inducements raneous have do to speeches reference without notes We 4. to action Moving

in class taking and part discussions provide people. ofyoung Aaronic program The

Priesthood quorums, the Sunday Advertising is an aid. It is a very an opportunity for training that you cannot

afford to miss. to increase attendance. aid necessary Scouting,School, Explorer, and Men M in education. 8. Aids your read You entirely mere us not depend on Let ifactivities that are so well planned worthwhile more books hear them and activoral our about announcements officer his willevery or teacher and do discussed people by are whose views auities. of use such hackneyed The faithfully efficiently,her part our and thoritative worthwhile. and

young people will come and find the phrases as "We need your support"9. Increases new ideas. Gives you the

experiences gained so interesting and or "It is your duty to support us,"etc., opportunity to learn and discuss the reworthwhile that they will continue to should be discouraged. There is no ligious, ethical, social, and industrial probof the day. power for young people in such lemscome of their own initiative. pulling

10. Increases social prestige. You beannouncements.

entertaining conversationalist. a come moreQualified Leadership Essential It is to organi- a privilege go to our

is in valuable business This in and also in leaders the are the The wards in key zation meetings engage Church and social relationships outside of Church.

directmen. the contact with have They activities. publicity, advertising, In our 11. latent Develops your powers. Proour youth. They have been selected and personal solicitations, let us stress fessor William James declares that the

for their positions because they are the advantages and opportunities to be average man develops only ten per cent of qualified to do a certain job and do it gained by each individual in attending his latent mental powers.

well. They were selected on the basis classes and taking part in our activities. 12. Promotes courage and selfconfidence.

in Activity destroys organizations Church ability, their willingpleasantness,of fully If our aware young people were is a sure cure fear and for an inferiorityness to work, and their deep spiritual these opportunities they of parwould complex.

convictions. radiate a They should ticipate regularly and thus gain the personality. 13. Develops A pleasing

spirit of friendliness and cheerfulness benefits. personality business asset. is a good

in their work so that these qualities We are competing with well organ14. Develops personal characteristics of

"will become contagious. ized and commercialized recreational leadership. It is essential to have training

in responsibility. accepting is activities. to It that try essential we Balanced JobA If initiative. 15. never Rewards do you into build the of consciousness our memfor, will are than never paid more you of you organidepartment Every every fact that training the the they bers for paid be than do. more you it is iszation important, necessary. and

is in receive organizations valuable our 16. Increases income. your win You is not aThis Church, oneman no and

it will training, help to that develop ability the to developing promotions by isparticular sufficient in organization people. the handle individual personality Rockefeller help D. once and John

itself. ofand job are Whatever you said, will for ability to "I the more pay effiprogress and become more make

it It is do, toassigned well. the do ability for handle people than other any in professional cient business the and

allbalancing of of organizaour the sun."work under It to live to world. according pays

life. 17. the willtions Produces abundant results. that Deproduce ideals. standards Latterday Saint and physical, spiritual the mental, velops and If inleadership, have adequate we is religion the a refuge of not weak Our in nature the proportions. of proper man studies,teresting full activity a and those but the of be would weapon It who indito thus well tends balanced a make stillprogram, not have done a balwe strong. citizen of vidual can and be whom we

unlessanced job large get a mawe proud.

jority of our members out to receive the Advantages of L. D. S. Training 18. Fortifies you to live in a changing

benefits of the program. It is not only Following are eighteen advantages world. There is one thing we are sure of

<S18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939 in this life, and that is change. We need

It fight willnot in change. spite of come REVIEW THE OF WISDOM WORDanything do. can Latterday Saint we Pertinent Presentation Information Regarding the of A Monthlytraining to prepares changing you meet Lord's of Health Law intelligence,conditions with courage, and

strength. that telling they are onehalf only you statement a Roger Tn made by W. organizations should our make is story. the liquor, of other half that We The in economist, Babson, Boston, Massainterestingas beneficial this as tax, and any on has so they which wrecked pay chusetts, April evening, 25, Tuesday

that the federal of character our thousands in associationscompeting the world. at dinner the celebrating seventieth a to are state required governments and now should programs be moreOur made the of anniversary the of formation Nafor than out year a pay $500,000,000 morevaluable offered than any by commertional party, Prohibition arraigned he relief relief! the country expense Thiscial organizations. activities Our of prohibition. the repeal the traffic"before never liquor had as "commercialized

inshould be surrounded with such political entire menacing structure""our Christian a a Moderate Be "Can of thatducements nature a wholesome as the threatening of destruction and article is the in Drinker?"a companion willour decide people canyoung they "our as termites a freedom destroy C. magazine. Grace same Howard, affordnot to miss a single or meeting wellbuilt house."author, references the and ample byactivity.

his In discussion of regards he what authorities, that the socalled proves this this in In only and way way as outstandingly serious an situation is drinker a greater moderate menace buildcan our to Latterday boys we facing the people today, American Mr. one, the than drunkard. confirmed The lightSaint standards. Give and said, reports the our Babson American his ridiculous disgusting beand by will find their peopleyoung way. Business Foundation: Men's Research havior, frequently causes those around

But only since the repeal of prohibition, him to become teetotalers. The other,

Shall Liquor and however,of the commercializedhave I realizedliquorthe traffic.terrific dangers bydrinkingdeclaringmoderately,that therecausesis no othersharm toin

that traffic only liquor theTobacco After most careful study, I am convinced drink. by crushing Go? to the question authors answer The saved. be democracy (Concluded from page 617) can is article the title of the "Unequivfast people American The apin are now

power, and wisdom. There is no exproaching the time when the liquor interests ocally NO."

cuse in these days for any normal adult's will be running the United States governParaphrasing the titlequestion to

If is constitution our thrown over a Saint read Latterday a Be "Can toment. liquor of andbeing ignorant why

it for will fascism, to primarily the be due to Drinker?"needs only one Moderate for man.""not are Our goodbacco traffic liquor never has which known when listen read of the and Wisdom Word rests their for nonuse uponcampaign its in nefarious to stop underground and to the to of advice our leaders Church their of harmadequatean knowledge campaigns. great of such danger a The

all get positive the of the answers, mostful effects. development cannot be overemphasized.

And this knowledge will certainly inEven today, the liquor interests claim that Word of the Lord: "Strong drink is

crease our faith in the divinity of the they elected President Roosevelt and that not good, neither meet in the sight of it... to to protect them. him up again strong your Father and health. of great a matterLord's law As

I statistician, especially disturbed a isAs am belly, for drinks are not the the for but it faith is that ofof fact, lack not a the interests liquor the arguments which bodies."of your washing this necessary? campaignmakes No by in use taxation. connection with They is Saint Latterday guided by A real faith reachSaint hasLatterday whose is that liquor contributing claim because

ed perfect assurance is likely ever to about $500,000,000 a year to federal and the word of the Lord. To conform

partake of things proscribed by the state treasuries, they are entitled to special to the word of the Lord, a Latterday

Word of Wisdom. consideration. Let me tell you, however, Saint must be an absolute abstainer.

A Word of Caution acre, published in the September, 1939, who have tried to quit tobacco or

And this leads us to utter a word of Improvement Era, page 516.) The liquor—who want to quit but have not

caution. There are some of our people Church has always had its critics, both done so. Encourage them to continue

its within without membership. both. for tobacco, and liquor or one or Yet the use more frequentlywho

the has a major oblior treat Church of them think God's them as we know struggle—prayhelp and command more willDo not

bad. Most of them at least are good gation that it can never escape—that power than before. "What man has

neighbors and upright citizens, our of preaching the Gospel of Christ, of done man may do,"if sufficient willrelatives, people of our own blood. doing missionary work. Whether we power is brought into action. But reThey became addicts for one or more will or not, we are our brother's keeper. member that every addict would prefer

of many reasons, largely due to cirWe must be active in the work of savthat his wife and children be abstainers.

cumstances and environments. And ing human souls, the most precious For their sakes, to make the various

all of us are influenced by these factors. entities in the universe. types of savings that would result, and

In the main this campaign will reach The use of liquor and tobacco handito gain the pride in himself that victory them only outside of meeting houses and caps human beings, physically, mentally, would produce, try to get him to join the congregations of the Saints. But and spiritually. Knowing this we canyou workers in this campaign by first of

to be complete it must reach them. In not escape the obligations, divinely all conquering himself.

all cases, however, let this be done in given, of working for the nonuse of This campaign should reach every a spirit of love and helpfulness, never these poisons. But we repeat, let us home. Insofar as feasible every parent

in criticism or condemnation. Contacts be careful of our methods, else our should be enlisted as a worker at least

can succeed in their purpose only if labors may do more harm than good. to the extent of teaching and motivating

tactfully made. Hence workers going Let love permeate all our acts, and wishis or her children. This enlistment

to these people should be sympathetic, dom characterize all our efforts. should be for the term required to>

discreet and wise, never offensive. But secure complete victory.

let us make sure that all of them are The Cigaret a FaithKiller Brethren and sisters, our great prophcontacted, induced to read the bookWe have asked before and we ask et and leader, Heber J. Grant, callslets, and encouraged to become abagain—is not the cigaret the greatest us through the Council of Twelve to

stainers. faithkiller in the Church today? When join the colors and battle valiantly until

But why worry? some among us ask. we are free of its use we shall be free the victory is won and Zion freed of

Are not smoking and drinking personal of other evils also. Faith will then be the curse of narcotics. "Our cause is

matters, and do we not live in a free more abundant and its fruits will be just,"and if we will all do our part in country? (See article "Who Has a more plentiful. this fight against evil, calling upon the

Right to Drink?"by Charles S. LongNow there may be those among us Lord to help us, success is assured.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

are going out to teach; pray that you

WaJid*Jswidwi6L. Wjt&AaqsL #&v VlavsimbsUi, 1939 maywho beareablewayward,to reach negligent,the hearts careless,of those

SOCIAL EDUCATION and indifferent.

it is of the the says duty Lord The for in the planning search education people the part and on of young Tn the althe to over Church watch it of is to the it, there of those part education provide duty on whose aljust but month, a once Teacherways—not in consideration to of recent years tendency a has manifested avoid been is in teacher! a hour no There ways

the plain, simple, social qualities which are essential if people are to live the day, or day in the week, or week in together in social units, happily, successfully, and profitably. the month, or month in the year when

The oldfashioned virtues of honesty, morality, chastity, consideration the teacher is free from that responsifor others, respect for authority, deference to the aged, kindness, faith in bility and when you should not feel it

God, willingness to sacrifice in the service of others, charity, politeness your duty to do something to make that many of these are being overlooked in the world in which we find ourselves. group of members in the Church better

The primary responsibility for cultivating these social virtues, for and happier. Make them feel you are

providing social education, rests with parents. These teachings should interested in them.

be supplemented by the studies in Priesthood quorums and in the auxiliary Part of the preparation of a Teacher organizations. But in the home is the most desirable and effective place is to see that his mind is free from evil

for such teaching and learning. thoughts, that his heart is clean and

Parents should not leave the teaching of these allimportant virtues to pure; to cultivate the spirit of love and others. In a world motivated to a great extent by selfishness—and that is a desire to be of service to the families the most outstanding single cause of the world's troubles today—we should in his distrct; and to see that his heart

make certain that every Latterday Saint home is the fountain head of is free from faultfinding and from ensocial education of the highest order. tertaining hard feelings one towards

Many of our schools are supplementing home teachings, and other another. Follow in this the advice of

agencies may assist, but the responsibility of teaching Latterday Saint one good writer, who says: "In the

children these necessary and desirable social graces rests with the parents. very depths of your soul dig a grave;

While Latterday Saint cultural and social standards rank high in let it be as some forgotten spot to which comparison with other groups, there is still room for improvement, and this no path leads; and there, in the eternal

is highly desirable. Ward Teachers are urged to discuss this responsibility silence bury the wrongs which you have

with parents and to encourage them in efforts to teach their children accordsuffered. Your heart will feel as if a

ing to the standards of the Gospel. If parents neglect or fail in this, they load had fallen from it and a divine

must share the burden of guilt if their children go astray. peace come to abide with you."With

In section four of the Doctrine and Covenants we are admonished to that divine peace in your soul go into "Remember faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, brotherly kindthe homes and teach the people.

ness, godliness, charity, humility, diligence."

If there were more teaching of these subjects and more attention given to them in our lives, this would be a much better world. All Latterday Certain Arabs on Smoking

Saint parents have the direct responsibility of teaching their children these social attributes. HThis incident occurred about

A sixty miles north of Figig in

SUGGESTIONS ON WARD peating passages of scripture or tellFrench Morocco:

to in were asked came we As we is ing of incident to the family someTEACHING sit shiek. to the next were down We is teaching. not the Teaching awakenin Lethbvidge Stake Used to his son, a introduced young man in ing the of of those thought minds

is face, first to clever of and thing to with seventeen to a look doHPhe( visit, of the convincing and we whom circle in quietly sat on a down we to or yourself, see not whether you their the truth souls of the of message in floor, legs the with our drawn teach. can to preparedare man No to bring that them. you tailorwise. spoke. under us Nobody It that not does heteach know. which else for waited somebody Everybody in things should kept Three be mind isis the that to teach Jesus duty your start. to

first for preparation. thorough The of the world;Christ, the Redeemer the silence slightly became As emis are those of knowledge a you whom of a prophetthat Smith was I Joseph barrassing, cigaretteproduced my teach; to of the second, a knowledge dislast this in it all that offered to case round. him and andGod, They

pensation there appeared God the Fawhat you are to teach; and third, a shook their heads. Not one of them

ther and His Son in person. Do you knowledge as much as may be obtained smoked. I looked a little scared at

it is the thoughtful consideration said, shiek prayer and by proand "But it it in feel heart?believe your and

hibited, then?"said, he "but "No,"teach. of are going to you two how No spirit radiate that testimony andDoes it think better to not we smoke. district alike, in families are any and enter the home?from you you when the should ruin health Allah iswe Why in are individuals family a no two lifeIf will so, to the give radiation that has given us?"

alike; in the the so or message manner teach. topeople go you I whom "But,"objected, should "one not

it vary. present might which we elall the life."do with pleasures Ephesian Paul in admonished away

ders at Miletus "to take heed unto What you are to teach in the homes "I do not regard it as a pleasure,"themselves, and to all the flock over is the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. he said, "and I feel sure that if I

I less get enshould smoked much it the unless teach cannot Ghost hadwhich Holy you know made You life of out joyment as a whole. But

it it feel in feed to overseers, the heart your Churchthem and have and the what saying were the about you sun it. spirit starting to of teach purchasedof out Before had he God, which only shining a in hours two day your

with his own blood."(Acts 20:28.) you should get down on your knees country at this time of year?"...

A visit to the homes of your district is and pray for the spirit of the Lord to From Desert Encounter, by Knud not teaching. Reading the message or guide you and give you understanding Holmboe, Putnam, N. Y., 1937.

prepared outline is not teaching. Reof the message and of the people you

CHURCH BOARD OF EDUCATION EDITING COMMITTEE

HEBER GRANT ALBERT J. CLARK. JR. REUBENJ. ADAM S. E.BENNIONBOWEN WILLIAM E. BERRETT

DAVID O. McKAY FRANKLIN L. WEST Chairman.

RUDGER CLAWSON ARTHUR WINTER. Sec'y. and Treas. VERNON F. LARSEN JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

L STEPHEN RICHARDS R. RICHARD LYMAN FRANKLIN CommissionerL. WEST. of Education. T.GERRITEDGARDELYONJONG, JR. A. WIDTSOE JOHN

JOSEPH F. MERRILL M. LYNN BENNION. J. ROGER FECHSER.

CHARLES A. CALLIS Seminary Supervisor. Sec'y.

OUR TEACHING RESPONSIBILITY

BY WILLIAM E. BERRETT

Of the Church Department of Education

A s teachers of the youth of Zion we vessel, failed to perceive the other, curiosity-—and through her curiosity

* need to read occasionally the nor did his calling seem to get any leading her to an understanding which prayer for teachers written by Glenn response. After some days with no altered the whole course of her life.

Frank, former President of the Unibetter success the man inquired of the When the learned lawyer in a spirit versity of Wisconsin, especially the devil as he made his usual rounds: of antagonism asked the question:

part of the prayer which follows: "What has become of the man in the "Who is my neighbor?"the Master

Learners, Learning of Lord and O we neighboringreplied: "Why,jar?"heto haswhichpaid thethe devilpenconvictionsmade no attemptupon him.to forceRatherhisheownled in best at are blunderers this Godlike but

business of teaching. alty for his wrongs and has been rehim by a skillful story into an experiOur shortcomings shame us, for we are leased from purgatory."The man was ence with robbers and a good Samarnot alone in paying the penalty for them; amazed! "Why, that fellow when upitan on a lonely highway—out of

they have a sorry immortality in the maimon the earth was a thief, and a robber; which the lawyer, forgetting his aned minds of those whom we, in our blun- a criminal in the eyes of all men tagonism, emerged with his own conderings, mislead. while I did nothing wrong, but was a victions.

to merchants content be been have We girls teacher."school teaching of boys and humble in our We of yesterdays, should dead have when we is just students facing with burdened it,"quoth the devil; are "That to guides tomorrows. unbornbeen

individuals are with surrounded he wronged whom problems-—students conformity to old customs "The have put We

did be overcome. barriers which must and the that he harm now dead, curiosity about above new ideas.

We have thought more about our subject is gone from the earth. While you were These students in middle adolescence

than about our object. a teacher; you taught young people are observing keenly for the first time

We have been peddlers of petty accurfalse doctrines and those false docthe power of money. They see this

priests acies should been have when we ofttimes trines through accumulated being are repeated genermoney from. living. of abundantand selfishness. greed ation wicked to generation."and The

precounted have knowledge more.. Weprophets rightthe to and seem go unpunished to force have no right As teachers we cious than wisdom.

unrewarded. people. views upon young Too eous tried to students our teach our have We

often These of beliefs a discussion students see many of the foreand docthink. to of instead thinkwhat how to

We have thought it our business to trine becomes only a onesided contromost business men, high in society, as furnish the minds of our students when we versy, in which the teacher, by reason smokers, imbibers of liquor, sometimes should have been laboring to free their of his position and age, dominates. immoral. They are awakening to a

minds. The faith and conviction of the teacher world of toppling pedestals. Religion

is important, but the student's faith and no longer seems vital in the lives of

If one does not feel guilty after readconviction must grow from within their parents. The parent who has

ing that prayer, one must be at least the recipient must take an active part hustled the child off to Sunday School greatly humbled, and in the process. then remained and home himself—findsing of humility that weit mustis withapproacha feelthe child a young grown to man with teaching must center around the Our

the problem of leading young people student and not the subject. In most little faith in a religion which has no

to an "abundant life"through a study of our teaching the subject has been more vital effect upon his parent.

of the history and doctrines of Morthe center of our attention. What have we to offer these boys

monism. Only as our teaching changes the life and girls? How shall we stir them to

The responsibility of the teacher, of a boy or girl is it justified. Only vital appreciation of God and the value

especially the teacher of spiritual valas it helps him to meet the problems of of righteous living?

It isues, cannot be overestimated. it into people as inspires young to him We cannot bully life—onlywell emphasized in an old story: life cannot is it pour better of efforts. our own our worthy live a testimonies—we

Two men died, and their spirits were In all the teaching of the Master the into their minds like water from one wafted into Hades. There the devil teaching centered around the student. vessel to another. We must lead them

was given power over them, and he When the Great Teacher beheld the into experiences which will change and showed his delight by placing each of woman of Samaria approaching Jacob's enrich their lives. The Gospel, above

them in a pot of boiling oil. Occasionwell alone in the heat of the day, and all, must not become to them dead

ally he came around to push them perceived that the reason must be yesterdays, but a vital, dynamic today further into the oil or to stir them up a deep shame arising out of an and tomorrow. Prayer, revelation, in-

a bit. Between such stirrings the two immoral life, he did not recite to her spiration, Priesthood, the Holy Ghost,

men found good opportunities to peer historical facts or thunder the admust be made living, breathing realover the edges of their respective vesmonition: "Thou shalt not commit ities.

sels and converse one with the other. adultery."He sought rather to break What part does a textbook play in

After a period of time the one man down the barriers that separated the accomplishing these things? How, for

peering as usual over the brink of his teacher from the pupil by arousing her {Concluded on page 626) w ii uuum

CHURCH CHOIR REHEARSALS

/\NE of the most necessary requireBy DR. FRANK W. ASPER cannot expect to do good work in our merits for successful rehearsals is Church without humility.

the wholehearted support of the bishop. Tabernacle Organist and a Member of A really dependable librarian is one

The choir practice which accomplishes the General Church Music Committee of the greatest helps that a choir disomething is so dependent on material rector can have. Do not allow music

things that his backing is essential. The to be passed out during rehearsals, as

greatest favor he can do the director where the air is not fresh. Minds canit consumes valuable time. A far better

of the choir is not to allow any internot be alert when breathing the air of plan would be to have some sort of ference whatever with the regular choir a stuffy room. folder which contains the numbers to

rehearsal. Too often one sees the disDo not neglect the prayer, for we be rehearsed so that the confusion of

integration of a fine organization by passing out music may be avoided. I

the rehearsal period's being shifted or mention folders here because they are omitted to accommodate some other MUSIC AND WORSHIP a little more practical than envelopes.

unit. The only exception that should A folder with a stiff cardboard cover

be allowed is when the rehearsal falls By Archer Willey should cost but little more than an enon a holiday. If choir members can velope and there is far less likelihood

depend on a certain time each week TUIusic is the spiritual barometer of tearing. In a folder the music may

for rehearsal they can make their plans of worship. It opens the furthermore be laid flat.

far ahead, and their plans will always doorway of prayer and tunes the By all means the director must be include the practice. It is often true emotional heart to communion on time at every rehearsal. Nothing is

that our musically inclined people are with God. more fatal than to have a director

also the ones who are keen and active Good music is one of the most neglect his duty in this regard. He

in many things and are more busy than determining factors for worship. must not only be at the rehearsal and

the rest. Music is to worship what have it start on time, but he must also

it is to soil, without water which be there every cannot expect time. One step the choir in making The next

barren. is unproductive, choir the dry and into to put members more rehearsal success a the is obtaining

wellselected without their singing Worship than the director choir ofcooperation organist. orthe The

is like if sunwithout music days does, and an example of mediocrity isganist often this welltrained. For

is days drab set, and in mediocrity is singing to be—thereason will wise conductor always shine—grey foggyIf expected. is the rehearsal wellconsult his with organist his value and

outlet for natural a joyous in The planned things advance and moveopinion. stress cannot too One much

is in emotion found as should, they hour should one be song—thatthe of importance the preparation meetis like heart sing cannot which sufficient for in rehearsal a of our anying the director of the choir where and the soul cannot anguished who that wards. time the singers will Bythe organist get together discuss and cry. sufficiently be fatigued realize to thatthe rehearsal coming agree and on what in his So, he has a song who they actually have a accomplished itshould taken be should up and how in soul his has already a prayer deal. great finest of the One axioms done.be This preparation meeting need

life. a is conductor practice can to havetake only a minutes, very but few where

little. sings sins often, He who the little talk group sing and much. isa thorough understanding behad us prayer through Give more It will relieve very the much monotthetween individuals, two valumuch in reverence our if of the rehearsal ony the order of song—moreable will time be rehearsal, during saved music. worship through is numbers time. changed each That will eachand the benefit have the of in of nature her harmony The is, time the one music could be new of theviews other. progressive The is color song. a first at studied the very another and isconductor will always one seek who entire universe to beats The last. time at the this In very the wayadvice try to the and performance make rhythm. harmony and in is matter interesting. kept hand In fineas as possible. of Deprived prayer through beginning if it especially a is number, It is very important that the rehearsal song—the temple gates of joyous difficult, a good plan is first to recitehall be welllighted. Experience worship are closed—and Heaven the words in the time of the music and

shows that where there is adequate ceases to be Heaven. then to practice the hardest parts first.

lighting the group learns much faster Let us, therefore, so operate By the time this has been done the choir than if the visibility is poor and the our work, so water our soil of has automatically learned the number singers have to strain their eyes to see worship, through wellselected without extra effort. It is a good plan

both music and conductor. The reand prepared music, that our also to vary rehearsals, sometimes using

hearsal hall should also be at the proper lives may be kept full of spiritual accompaniment and sometimes rehearstemperature. If it is too warm, it may moisture. ing without accompaniment. If the diresult in hoarse throats. Also see that Give us more prayer through rector will observe these things, eventhere is sufficient ventilation. A choir song—more reverence through though he does not have great musical

cannot rehearse properly in stagnant worship, and thereby, more comtalent, but has a keen insight into the air. This will be noticed by the conmunion with God. psychology of those who are in his

tinual flatting which takes place group, he is sure to be successful.

cso

Tn examining the quarterly report of in the earlier pioneer period of Amerthis record they had recorded the or- * one of the compact stakes of the ica, for most families to have in their dinances they had administered in the

Church where considerable temple possession a family Bible in which they temple for a large number of their anwork is being accomplished, it is noted recorded, upon blank pages provided cestry. Then came a sudden flood in

that of a thousand and eight families in for the purpose, the important dates in California; his house was flooded, and

the stake, only 336 of them are keeping connection with members of their famthe records were found lodged in a family records. It is probable that the ily. In our day modern forms of family heap of mud, utterly ruined. It reaverage for the whole Church is less records are provided, more suitable quired weeks of searching among the

than this. It is all too evident that there than those ruled in the old family Salt Lake Temple records to recover

are many homes throughout the Church Bibles, which facilitate this task of the information that was thus suddenly in which no type of family record is recording dates. swept away.

being kept. Many individuals excuse themselves Families move from place to place,

For years the Genealogical Society from this simple duty of making acand in the disturbance of moving, some of Utah has had, as one of its foreceptable family records by depending thoughtless member of the family may most slogans, "A family record in every upon the record kept by their granddiscard a most cherished record, or a home."The Prophet Joseph Smith was parents, an uncle or an aunt, or the valuable original document preserved

one of the foremost advocates of recordfamily genealogist. They seem to see as an heirloom for generations.

keeping by all members of the Church. no need for keeping one in their own The family record kept by each famDuring his day many of the brethren home, with the result already indicated ily should include, first, a record of the

followed his example of keeping daily that whenever an important occasion immediate family, that is, of the husjournals which, at this time a century presents itself in their life, they must band and wife and of their children.

later, are of incalculable value. Sevenresort to others for the information they If either has married more than once,

ties'quorums encouraged their members need. the record should include the fact of

to submit brief biographies of themEach family is a distinct unit in itself every such marriage and the children selves, and these when received were and should have its own record for its by each. The family group record sheet

carefully copied into the quorum record. own use. Families are scattered widely is recommended for this purpose, as it

One instance is recorded where a memover the land. Each child in the family contains more complete details, when

ber was dropped from the quorum for who weds, marries into a different famproperly filled out, than do the bound failing to submit his biography. ily, and half the ancestry of his children temple books. The back of the sheet

This wonderful example set by the is entirely different from that of the is blank, and here should be recorded early Church leaders has been followed children of his brothers and sisters. other facts in the life of the individual

by many later Church members to the The records kept by one brother in which are not called for upon the present time, but a great majority have Washington, D. C, will be of little printed side of the page. Second, in

lost sight of the fact that recordkeep- immediate help to a brother living in addition to the record of the immediate ing was instituted for the encourageSan Francisco or Canada or Mexico. family, there should be included a group

ment of all members to keep accurate Moreover, our experience in the Genearecord for all married descendants of and careful accounts of their lives, of logical Society of Utah fully demonthat couple; and third, the record of all

the principal dates connected with their strates the fact that in most cases known progenitors of both the husband life experiences, and accurate records of grandchildren today know little of the and the wife.

their descendants to the latest generafacts pertaining to the lives of their own A service award is given by the tion. grandparents. Frequently individuals Genealogical Society of Utah to those

Should you spend a day in the Hisare found who cannot even name their who compile a record of all the descendtorian's Office you would witness a grandparents. The fact that the geneants of their four grandparents. There

continual stream of individuals coming alogist may have all this information are frequently cousins in close assoin to have looked up for them their in his possession does not help the ciation who have not the slightest date of birth or baptism or other essenyoung and growing children in a family knowledge of their relationship. We

tial data which they have entirely forto learn the intimate details of the lives owe it to our grandparents and even gotten. Sometimes the search required of their ancestors, heighten appreciaour greatgrandparents to see that recis a lengthy one. Others write in to the tion for their sacrifices and hardships, ords are compiled of all their descendHistorian's Office and also to the Genfaith-promoting experiences, and to ants down to date. Consider how

ealogical Society asking other people build up a determination to emulate valuable such a record of your grandto spend their time, regardless of how them in their own lives. father's greatgrandfather and his debusy they may be, in looking up records In these days of uncertainty there are scendants would be to you now, had

which they themselves should have many hazards to which records are such a record been kept in former times.

kept. One mother even wrote asking subjected. If only one set of records These records should be kept up to

them to find for her the complete recis kept for a whole family, and the date, including the latest births, bapords of births of all her children. This, home in which they are kept is sudtisms, endowments, etc. It is a splendid

of course, cannot be undertaken by denly destroyed by fire or earthquake, thing to keep in touch with your relpeople in these offices. Obviously famthe records are irretrievably lost. What atives by occasional correspondence.

ilies and individuals should make record a blessing it would have been had there Once a year, or once every two years of these events as they occur. A child been one or more copies of those recat least, you should send them a blank

is born; a moment's care will record ords preserved in other places, and family group sheet to fill out.

that date at the time when it is known particularly in the Archive of the We believe also that no record can beyond question. But if months and Genealogical Society of Utah, where be considered complete which gives

years go by, the date of birth, the date they would be always safe and accesonly names, dates, places, and relationof blessing, the date of baptism, of sible to all members of the family. ships. It should be enlivened by brief

confirmation, of endowment, etc., may Recently a friend wrote to the office biographies of various members, with

be extremely hard to remember and from California. For years he and his the most interesting events of their lives,

very difficult to ascertain. good wife had compiled an extensive chronicled and illustrated in the most

It was a most commendable custom, family record of their ancestry, and in appealing way.

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

STREET MAIN NORTH Y. M. W. M. Y. M. CITY. UTAH LAKE 50SALT LUCY GRANT CANNONI. A. Q. MORRISI. A. GEORGE

Offices A. WILLIAMS Y. HELEN I. General M. I. W. JOSEPH CANNON W.S. VERNA GODDARD BUILDING BISHOP'S K. FARNSWORTH BURTON

A. BEESLEY. CLARISSA CITY. UTAH SALT33 LAKE A. KIRKHAM, OSCAR

Secretary Executive to General Offices Direct to Committees Secretary Send all Correspondence Executive

MORMON SINGERS BEFORE INTERNATIONAL GYMNASTS IN STOCKHOLM

By E. LeRoy Olson

Thirtyseven nations gathered in Stockholm on July 2023 to honor the man

P. H. Ling, who through his gymnastic system left to the world impulses and

ideas for the promotion of physical health.

The thousands who came from foreign lands to celebrate the centennial of the passing of the famous Swede gave striking demonstrations of the widespread results from his physical training methods. The

American flag waved with the others in the huge stadium but was not represented on the field.

However, America was not entirely without representation, as was evidenced in the press and on the radio, for a group of Mormon missionaries—The American

Harmony Singers, under direction of Sister

Virginia B. Larson—were presented to the

public over and over again during that weekend. On July 21 they made their

fourth appearance on a national broadcast to add to the international spirit of the day, and on Sunday evening they sang before 1,300 gymnasts at the popular Berns'Restaurant. Aside from the radio broadcast,

the Mormon Chorus sang to nearly 3,000 people in four appearances during two days of the Linniad, They were announced to the international assembly of gymnasts in three languages as a group of congenial

Mormons from Salt Lake City, Utah.

The writeups, interviews, and pictures in the leading papers, aside from presenting the chorus members as SwedishAmericans from the Mormon Church, also referred to the Gustav Adolph Chorus in Salt Lake

City, which sang for the Swedish Crown

Prince in 1926. Mormon interest in music

was recalled, together with mention of the tenyear record of broadcasting from the famous Mormon Tabernacle in Salt Lake

City.

On July 4 the American Harmony Singers sang first at the SwedishAmerican Vasa

1. Queen and attendants of Gold and Green Bail,

Redding Branch, California Mission.

2. First M. I. A. queen of New Nampa Stake, Nampa,

Idaho, and her train bearers.

3. Gold and Green Ball queen and attendants of

Claresholtn Ward, Lethbridge Stake.

4. Gold and Green Ball held in New Harmony Ward,

Parowan Stake. The theme of the ball was "The

Castle of Dreams."

5. Leeds District Gold and Green Ball, British Mission.

6. Queen and attendants of Manavu Ward Gold and

Green Ball, Utah Stake.

7. Gold and Green Ball king and queen of Rock Springs

Ward, Lyman Stake.

S. Queen and attendants of Gold and Green Ball,

Dingle Ward, Montpelier Stake.

9. Five reigning queens with attendants representing the

five wards of Twin Falls Stake M. I. A. at the

Festival of the Seasons. Six hundred fifty guests

were in attendance.

10. Burley Third Ward "Queen of Hearts"at the M

Men and Gleaner Girl Valentine party.

11. The Gold and Green Ball queen and attendants of

the Susanville Branch, California Mission.

12. Queen and attendants at the Taber, Alberta, Gold

'.1! 13. andGold Greenand Ball.Green Ball held in Mink Creek Ward,

Oneida Stake.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

Club and in the evening for the SwedishAmerican Association at Skansen, popular openair museum. Then followed a series

of appearances at hospitals, restaurants, old folks'homes, and outdoor services. Always they leave their listeners enthusiastic

over the presentation of folk songs, negro spirituals, and cowboy songs as well as

Swedish favorites. But stronger in the

building of Mormon good will than the songs are the singers themselves.

Utah's natal day was observed by singing first for 450 old folks in "Danviks Hem"overlooking the harbor. Here tears and

laughter and a liberal serving of "Mormon tea"was ample reward. The superintendent accompanied them a good bit of

the way back in order to emphasize his invitation for a return visit.

Then by train and boat to the Y. M. C. A.

Scout Camp on a beautiful island in the

Stockholm archipelago. Swimming, and a

demonstration basketball game, which the

Swedish boys had never seen before, preceded a Scout dinner and evening program. The camp leader introduced the

Mormon chorus by saying: "When they

sang for us last winter in the city, they took the roof off the building, so now we have neglected to repair our roof until after this program."

Ileen Anne Waspe, chairman: Ethel S. Anderson,

Margaret N. Wells, Bertha K. Tingey, Lucy T.

Andersen, Caroline Adams, Ann C. Larsen, Minnie

E. Anderson.

RE you well informed on some of theA details of our BeeHive program?

Perhaps it would be fun to get your pencil, number a paper from 1 to 15, and answer the following BeeHive

Quizz without reference to your handbook. We trust you not to look

at the answers on page 628 until you have a written answer for every question. You may then turn to page 628

and rate yourself five points for every answer that is correct. You should be

able to make a mark of at least 80; 92

would be very good; and if you get a

hundred drop a card to the BeeHive committee and tell us so.

1. When does the BeeHive Silver Jubilee

commence?'2. What is the BeeHive Theme Project

for 193940?

3. Name the 193940 reading course books

for the BeeHive.

4. Do you personally own a new BeeKeeper's handbook?

5. Have you the following BeeHive

eguipment: a. A Band. b. A Review

of the Life of the Bee. c. BeeHive

Swarm record, d. The Improvement

Era. e. Honey Comb.

6. Have you either completed the three

ranks or are now filling cells with that objective in mind?

{Concluded on page 626)

1. "The FiftyFifty Finish,"a oneact play presented

by the Jacksonville Branch, Florida District, Southern

States Mission, at the June statewide convention.

Play was directed by William 0. Copeland.

2. San Diego Branch, California Mission, Gold and

Green Ball.

Girls BeeHive of 3. Weiser Stake. Mink Creek Oneida Ward,

in attendance. Stake Swarm Day—100 girls and 15 mothers 7.S. players presented Grace First Mutual Ward who "A atHeber.the Wasatch Stake Scout and Explorer banquet in

4. Texas Mission Gold and Green Ball dinnerdance Servant in the House,"Bannock Stake. 11. The Millennial Chorus at the Rutland Theater,

held in the spring of 1939. 9. Missionary group in the park near the "lokal"at Scotland.

5. Genealogical Class of Osmond, Wyoming. Goteborg, Swedish Mission. 12. Sunday School class of Maori students in Korongata,

6. BeeHive Girls of the Jacksonville, Florida, Branch. 10. Part of the crowd of seven hundred who were served New Zealand.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

MUTUAL MESSAGES {Concluded from page 625) The following statements are both 8. A BeeKeeper holds the same relationthe to ship her of girls as Queen Swarm incorrect. think correct and If you least to at planning give two you 7. Are to the the in does Hive. workers Bee the true put a check beside them for preparation Beeyour hours a week num- 9. at close Seals should the be awarded ber. the in notes Era? September Hive Era in the of earned. they which month were

9. the General you read Plan in 1. Have ranks to be complete three girl must Honor Badges are chiefly for summer 10. A 1 to 28? pages Handbook, your activity. certificate. a Guardian awarded

10. Name the fields and the color identified 2. A girl entering Mutual at 13 must enter

with each. the Builders Rank. BEE KEEPERS: You might use a

11. Have you read carefully pages 163 to 3. Honey Combs are required of all Beesimilar Quizz with questions pertaining

Keeping. in the Bee 183 on handbook girls the three ranks. complete Hive who to for as your a your work game own

it to require12. does hours many fill 4. in colors How day's Bees never mix one girls. Points or prizes could be Badge? an Honor for search Honey.

It simimight conducted awarded. be earnwhile of rank emblems worn13. Are 5. the gives Bee Queen The commands

ing that rank or given as awards upon and directs the workers in the hive so larly to a spelling match or like some completion of the rank? that all activity is orderly and sysof the current radio programs present

14. What must a girl do to become an tematic. quizzes.

Honor Bee? 6. Bees sit on the eggs prior to the hatch15. Do we expect every girl to become an ing of the tiny larvae bees. TURN TO PAGE 628 FOR ANHonor Bee? 7. Small bees burst from cocoons. SWERS TO ABOVE QUESTIONS.

OUR TEACHING RESPONSIBILITY

(Concluded from page 621) character portrayed, moved with the It will not affect a student's life for copiously from to quote to be able fears, and rejoicing in the same him history same a studyexample, can of Church joys. pray but if he can or Jonah, Habakkuk problems solve a student'sand doctrine

and change a life? Church history or any historical with Habakkuk on his housetop and

experivicarious thrill must a study Living become the of the nearness with all, hisrecital First a mere of to series experiences of such or to ence run or attempt God, can if he away that. will facts nottorical do Aof mere stupeople. our the want our young sense from with and Jonah God We doctrines history of the andknowledge to experience of impossibility dents course, of such power a he may lead will necessarily notof the Church life's of the force prayer, to face a led be with problems therevelation—the life. if get boys better can Butto a we certainty truer of perspective. God.

exthe live vicariously girls toand is It that not important so Joseph will religion not adolessave Our in early of andperiences men women a in as died Carthage Smith jail—that, it fire unless cent with youth can them the with faced werethe Church who fact, eternal value. has to But no have that enthusiasm, enthusiasm must and with which doubts and problemssame experience so testimony student a a inner develop from experiences and in will a they today, faced arethey it is real burning, for that an death so

is convictions. religion Christ of thrill that The the experience samemeasure is thing, matter. quite another easy zeal. inspiring In early of capable experience firsthand woulda give—they is It that the Saints not important so

fires Christian times Christ's the of vicariously answerwill an experience is it of driven out were Missouri—but could not order quenched be new by thrill joy service, the in a prayer,to that important could and men women the force of the whole Empire. Roman of to loyaltyspringing out God. They faith firm in society better so a a have

In early the old of days Mormonism the dy- a changewill which witness all privations of the that could Missouri namic faith makes in people's lives not quench or shake it. This is an and young caught an enthusiasm which

aside their in sweptand resolve unconquerable—which that hearts to change experience can grip the boy or was

living. of drouth,their barriers, defeated all material manner life. a girl and change

cold, planted an and empoverty and it Bible of the so is not In our study teaching are young people who We desert. in pire the midst of a The recite that able are to of important experiences live the wecan do and

others. We see them in motion picaccurately the Ten Commandments, Gospel of Jesus Christ must become

ture houses so vividly living the scene but it is important that we see in them again a dynamic living experience in before them that they become the very the basis of all happy social existence. the lives of our youth.

THE ORGAN OF JUAREZ

(Concluded from page 603) other organ in town, the Church Esther, my baby sister, and Lydia and pure, as true, I think, as when organ. Brother Walser wouldn't Taylor used to take turns playing

we bought it from Sister Whiteman. let that organ be carried about or chords on it for the dances. I think

They didn't build cheap things in used for anything except Church that even today if you were to ask those days. The little organ, made music. That left the little organ rethe scattered people of Juarez about

in Boston, had the best of everysponsible for the secular music of the amusements of those days, they thing put into it. the town. One of the men used to would all remember the organ.

"We used to have many parties in come by and lift it into a wagon and "Somehow, in spite of the part it this very room. Then we didn't carry it over to the schoolhouse had in the life of the colonies, I

have to think of games or ways of where we danced, or to the banddon't feel that it belongs down here.

amusing people. Conversation stand by the river. We had it there Long ago I gave it to Esther. Some

meant something then. I've never for Mexican Fifth of May and Sixday she will put it where it rightly

heard better talk than we had in this teenth of September celebrations belongs, in some museum. Esther

house when the town was younger. and for our own Fourth of July and still has the original bill of sale.

We interspersed our talk with music. Twentyfourth. Whenever there Our people should see the organ and

Everybody gathered about the orwas a public party, and that meant know its story. Down here, after

gan to sing. about all parties, the little organ my day, it may be forgotten or even

"At that time there was only one was there, the center of things. destroyed."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

THE CHURCH MOVES ON (Continued from page 607)

MORMONISM IN SHORTHAND GREGO SHORTHAJTD L. D. S. VOCABULARY

By Oliver R. Smith

Instructor in Journalism, Brigham Young University. Author! ties Elders

A manual, Gregg Shorthand L. D. S. of the Church. of the Church

** Vocabulary, by Harry W. Sundwall, instructor in office practice at branch First Presidency

Brigham Young University, has reof the Church of the Church cently been published at the Church Church and members

Utah.university press in Provo, kingdom of God of the Church of is an extension The vocabulary

shorthand theory to Church phraseology and diction. To produce it required the invention of new, brief symbols or outlines for words and phrases t-

most frequently used in spoken and written English in Church diction.

Added to these improvisations was the shortening of regular Gregg shorthand outlines for theological terms. All this

was devised and has been reproduced with special permission of the Gregg publishing Company. The result of

two years of research, compilation, and classroom experimentation, the thirtyexcellent furnishes an bookletpage battle Flats the of the between Crows LEWIS HONORS MEMORIAL use. forspecial Church vocabulary the Blackfoots. he and next year The GUIDE CLARK AND in the voincluded sections are Ten valley. returned to face the stone A Colter, "Freto section honoring devotedcabulary. John 7\ monument A in is inin Valley found 1931 Teton ** contains 130 the and Names"quent behold wonto first Words white man scribed, Colter 'Jhn Colter—1808/ from symbols corresponding erected and Park,words was Yellowstone of ders settled in a Missouri farm 1810, on

"apostle"to "Zion.""Frequent at Driggs, Idaho, recently by the Teton where he died in November, 1813,

Phrases"includes 313 recurrently used County company of the Daughters of about 38 years of age."

groups of words and simplified symbols Utah Pioneers. The memorial bears

All these them. representwhich the following inscription: FEDERAL WRITERS COMPILE acgrouped are convenientlyphrases accompanied Colter, HISTORY OF who NAUVOO "John phrases as to subject, suchcording

norththe through Clark reillustrated and booklet inLewis A fiftypage "blessor "bless"thecluding words ** white the first 1 803-6, man in was west lating the history of Nauvoo dealing "God,"withings,"those and and Pass, Jackson Hole, enter Teton to Illinois, released has been by A. C. Mcetc. "Priesthood,"The"Gospel,"

Park, Yellowstone of the wonders publishers. Co., laClurg Chicago The & of Christ of Jesusphrase, "Church

Latterday Saints,"is written with two ter called 'Colter's Hell.'He joined work was compiled and written by the

outlines in place of the conventional the Crow Indians and took part in the Federal Writers'Project of Illinois.

eight. Even fiveword phrases such as

"First Presidency of the Church,""plan of life and salvation,"and "power of the holy Priesthood"are expressed in a single symbol.

"Other Words and Names"is a valuable section containing unfamiliar words and terms which are difficult for an ordinary stenographer to record.

In this section are 74 words and names taken from the Old Testament, the

New Testament, the Book of Mormon, and from Latterday Saint history.

Shorthand outlines are given for 46 groups of words in a section on "Church Offices and Organizations."

titles of the the officialThese cover of the of Mil Like "MILK WHITE EGGS"Best! AuthoritiesGeneral Church,

official auxiliary organizations,the pubBEST TASTING BEST LOOKING BEST LIKEDlications principal of the Church, and stake and ward offices. Six sections The verdict of thou- "Milk White"Eggs alThousands of houseof the vocabulary book also are devoted sands: finest flavored, w a y s have bright, wives prefer "Milk

for expeshells eggsto Practice,""Reading Writing and richest. "Milk that White"tiveclean to has proven the eye... asattracwell White"rienceconsisting written of notes shorthand the favorite! eggs are taste! they're good! always as thefrom sermons. and works Church

The manual will be used in office "Milk White"Eggs are used exclusively in M. I. A. Cooking Schools.

practice classes at Brigham Young University and will also be available for Utah Poultry Producers'Coop Assn distribution to high schools, business colleges, and stenographers.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

A MAN OF DESTINY (Continued from page 600)... The three old crazy vessels portunings and get rid of him."

angel appeared to me and said, 'God were enough. The Spirit Angel (Journal of Discourses, 2:37.)

thee, thehas given to Columbus, their their guardian guide, was and Irving's Washington monFrom the of thatkeys great chains bind the with and them on was stormy

'umental about Columbus work wethe oceans.'His- (Montgomery,... deep. important reaAnother extract: following the quotetory America, 138.) p. of this discovery son should be why life, his latter the part of "In this appraisal of Possessed same history made: record of The and the with sublime impressed when,of of said Columbus, Orson Hyde fallen people, light a containing from his events about through brought in in the Salt ahim sermon Lake spirit land, the truth from heavand agency, looked back Columbus upon "...Tabernacle, 4, 1853: July en, in soil buried the were the of

his career superwith solemn and a in ChristopherObserve Columbus continent."western ( Journal of stitious his feeling, attributed he silenthis meditations; his unmark Discourses, Vol. 7:107.) irresistible inclination early for andtiring faithful observations! Beand

hold him watching the western Orson Hyde further said of the sea, and his passion for geobreeze, and marking, with zealous him: "By the aid of Ferdinand graphical studies, to an impulse from

eye and anxious heart, every suband Isabella of Spain he obtained the Deity preparing him for the high stance that floated on the ocean's three small vessels, old and almost decrees he was chosen to accomeastward-bound current as probably rotten, poorly manned and badly plish."{Life and Voyages of

from the New World he sought. provisioned. It was not because Columbus, by Irving, p. 18.)

Listen to the philosophy of his reathey believed he would be successful, soning: that a western continent was but, like the unjust judge with the It is not by chance that writers

necessary to preserve the equilibrium poor widow, they desired to get rid agree in their estimate of Columbus of the earth, and to balance it corof his importunities.... If they as a deeply religious man, a man

rectly on its own axis. Inspired of had had any faith that he would be of destiny. Of him Nephi, with forethe Almighty God of heaven, he successful, they would have fitted seeing eye, testified that the Spirit

encountered the ridicule and jeer of him out with the best ships that any of God "came down and wrought a faithless and unbelieving world, navies of the time could have afupon the man."The record of his

.. Combatting opposition, calumny forded, manned with sufficient men life and the events of history confirm

and reproach from almost every and supplied with all the necessary that testimony. And thus it appears

quarter, he surmounted every obequipments; and they would have that the Lord prepared this man to

stacle, obtained an outfit that was as said: 'Go and prosper, and the serve his own time and generation,

little fitting and proper for the great God of the seas pioneer your course.'as he has done many others, before

enterprise as was the manger for But they had no faith in the enterand since, to further the purposes the birthplace of the Virgin's Son. prise; they wanted to stop his imof God.

THE CABLE

(Continued from page 599) fourteen years, straight and slender mail pulley at its the to sack upper stood, birch a little he a young BEEHIVE ANSWERS as let it slideend, that slender down older facing the but anxious man wire, to be picked off by another (See pages 625 and 626) unflinchingly. Clear, gray eyes,

carrier at the foot. He would ex- 1. January, 1940. honest and unafraid, met the other's

change for the outgoing mail his own 2. Daily Prayer—Service to chilstern glance as the question snapped,

forsack, Kanab, hauled to be bound aren't in school?"you 3. Caddie the cable as windlass gatheredup the the answer,"dren. Woodlawn—Good Man- "Why"I guess you know ners.

up the rope. 4. Yes. 5. Yes. 6. Yes. 7. Yes. the boy answered, mustering a rather

This way came the daily mail to 8. Yes. 9. Yes. tremulous smile. "Since Father died

2. HomeKanab. 10. Religion—Purple; little school there has been mighty 4. Arts Orange; 3. Health—Red; Until a should be built roadway either. for me, or Joseph We've 5. Outof- and Crafts—Brown; the divideover between and Kanab 6. Business doors to work."at the farm keep had—just -—Green;

Public Gold; 7. the cableMarysvale, remain would hesitated Service—Red, then and a moment He

Blue. White, andfaithful to its greeting each work, continued, and and Joseph "Mother Yes. carrier as came, bidding henew girls at the the can the work manage him 11.12. 13. during the Twelve. Worn

farewell when the desperate loneearning of the rank. farm now but we need some cash.

liness of the upper trail drove him 14. Complete the 3 Ranks, 14 Honor I want to ride with the mail to

keepfrom the work. Badges, a record of the work Shunesburg Hill."Comb. in a Honey

15. No. Whatever doubts the older man

felt he left unexpressed. His father 1he novelty of the daily 1. True; 2. False; 3. False; 4. True;

mail at Kanab had worn off. Sixty 5. False; 6. True; 7. True; 8. when nearing sixty had taken to

miles of riding over rough trail wore False; 9. True; 10. False. wife a pretty girl of twenty years,

down man and beast. Winding a the English Margaret. A hard life

heavy load up a thousandfoot cable for all it was. The devoted father

was a trying task. Traveling for trails for a few weeks, and turned had gone on many missions and

two days through land where no to other tasks. died an honored Patriarch. All his

man dwelt, where the only greeting Nephi Johnson looked up from his children were grown save only six of word each day came from the rider desk to find before him one of his Margaret's family. The boy before

on the opposite trail, made cheerless father's youngest boys, Aunt Marhim was her second son; four young

days. Men took the work, rode the garet's second son. Tall for his children, one less than two years

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

THE CABLE

old, were dependent on her labors. Great peaks of rose and saffron and below while the rope, sagging by

It was right that Ezekiel should take white, peaks whose towering caps its own weight, marked a perfect a man's work. he knew from a distance, peaks catenary in its curve. Such matheLong he looked at his young halfwhich had cut the skyline when as matical niceties held no mystery or

brother before he spoke. a little child he first journeyed to fascination for the boy. Heaving a

Parowan or drove across the treeless sigh he drove tired muscles to the "You start to work on Monday, mesa to Pipe Spring, stood so close task and slowly but surely brought

Ezekiel. The pay is seventeen and before him it seemed that if he but the mail bag to the crest. Many a

a half dollars a month and I furnish stretched forth his hand he could heavier one would he lift, but never the horses and their feed. You get touch their ruddy faces. one which would carry the same

your own food. Dick Shumway So entranced was the lad that a thrill to rest tired muscles as this one

rides the other shift. Mind you, no hail from below startled him, crashdid.

skylarking."ing in on a hundred wordless dreams. Five miles back on the trail the

To a boy whose spirits could never Hastily he snapped the mail sack to carriers had pitched a primitive camp be long depressed, the first day on position and lowered away swiftly, beside a tiny spring, one which would the trail was a grand adventure. letting out the rope hand over hand be dry in late summer but now

Alone on a trail he had never before while the windlass whirled merrily. flowed freely, its waters gurgling

traveled, holding the responsibility When the sack had reached the botover its stone bed singing to the of bearing the sealed mail sacks of tom and been replaced by the heavier ragged pinons above. A tiny shelter

the United States of America! What incoming mail the signal was given tent stood with rough bed beneath

proud fancies raced through his acto hoist away. it. A mass of charcoal and ashes,

tive brain. Eagerly Zeke bent to the new remnants of a cooking fire, and a

Three miles north of Kanab he task. Grasping the handle firmly he longhandled skillet completed the

forded the stream and began that began to turn too rapidly. Over and arrangements. Zeke was growing

long, steep climb which brought him over turned the wheel. Over, press up. He was about to experience his

out on a wooded plateau where the down, pull back and up, thrust over, first night far from all human comwork panions. Hobbling his horse hetrail twisted its way among pinons press down, pull back—The

and the ground was covered with brought into play muscles which the built a small fire and sliced some last year's ungathered harvest of boy scarcely knew he possessed. bacon into the skillet. The sun sank

toothsome pine nuts. At CottonThey tired; they protested; they behind the cliffs, sending forth a

wood Springs he filled his waterbag shrieked for relief. The speed of blaze of crimson which glowed

slackened. the windlass How air filling the very the trees, through fresh his on, to rideand mounted

its crept round slowly now the rope its It cast of rose. with a flush led the voice, whichyoung Sunday

School singing, lifting in the stirring spool. Would the end never come? friendly smile over the tent, leaving

words: Discouraged and wondering, Zeke it softly pink; it blended with the

snapped the ratchet and looked over smoke from the frying bacon and

All hail the glorious day, the cliff edge. There it hung. The showed how yellow flames can be.

By Prophets long foretold. pulley, over halfway down, straight

t on the wire, held the bag swaying (To be Concluded)

On Zion's hill, His praise proclaim.

His frugal lunch was eaten as he sat on a great mound of rock, looking far across Antelope valley to the ASK YOUR GROCER FOR plateau.Kaibab day Some he FLEISCHMANN'S HIGH VITAMIN YEAST valley, that cattle across herdwould

learn the mysteries of the dark Helps supply the vitamins you need. Start now to eat 2 cakes

crown of forest. So he dreamed every day.

briefly. New sights were near at

hand. ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS

The trail climbed laboriously for Seven delicious flavors—lemon, orange, cherry, strawberry,

several hundred feet only to slither raspberry, pineapple, lime. And use Royal Salad Gelatin for

down a series of sharp terraces salads, appetizers and main course dishes.

across a bare rock channel and begin again the upward climb. CrowdROYAL PUDDINGS

ed between fragrant cedars or sliding

Three with wholesome arrowroot. Made flavors—Chocolate, slick ledges, rock along insecurely

delicious homemade ice Also make and Butterscotch. thing Vanilla hated a that trail might become cream.

This day it was a thing of joy. He

nearly an windlass the reached hour ROYAL BAKING POWDER looking stood schedule ahead of and for the first time from above at that The only nationallydistributed baking powder made with cream economical. marvelous varicolored valley—forty of tartar. Dependable and

years before it would be advertised to the world as Zion National Park.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

THE DEAN OF TRAILERITES (Concluded from page 601 now converted into a vast empire of walls, where mountains rise on picturesque intermountain region. wealth. To me the land of the setmountains and the glittering peaks

I have bagged every variety of game ting sun, the windswept, desert try to pierce the sky. Amid these

cottontail rabbit to silvertipfrom a hills celestial the of plains scenes sunscorched and and influences—farbear moose. and I have enjoyed struggles of lofty competitive of the is the land above Golden West,

battle with the trout ofmany a his of faces. familiar finds haven turscenes hapand I am mankind—one

I recallbulent streams. mountain air rest. of that breathe the still climb I can mounHere we py to say

the early wilderness of the West, tains with men half my age. Last freedom and live in a strange and

summer, while touring British Cofuture world—a world conforming

lumbia, Alberta, and the worldfa- with the hopeful dreams of the \ Wh I. A... And | mous Canadian Rockies, I climbed master minds of the ages.

! ALL CHURCH MUSIC j to the top of a range of glaciers. But we have many mountains yet

This celestial sojourn necessitated to climb, in our eternal journey, be- a round trip of sixteen miles of ups fore the spiritual and moral granand downs. Here I found myself deurs of mankind achieve the granon the roof of the earth, in the midst deur of this glorious earthly paradise

of mosscovered crags and vertical on which we live.

THE ADVERTISERS The Manner of Translating The Book of Mormon and Where You Will Find (Continued from page 597) Q: Was this before or after the pubTheir Messages not expedient for him to relate these things, licationA: Theof theBookBookofofMormonMormon?had been

before. translated time published and some Smelting American Refining reading careful the of writings 6 etc."A the P. Pratt united Parley with had Church 581 Co his including the of Prophet mes- I before or of heard Rigdon, Sidney knew Beesley Music 630 Company fails to reveal the the him. sages time and sermons At was of Book Mormon Beneficial Ins. Life Back Cover Co

translated there organized, no Church was information further regarding any University. Brigham Young 577

did acquainted with not and Rigdon become Continental Oil 631 of translation the of the Company the manner till after the and Church Joseph was me Products Corn Co 580 Book Mormon,.. of established. Cortina Academy 636 he. have Explanations advanced not a [Joseph] or been Q: Had book Deseret Book 614 Company

dictated manuscript or read he from which to diction, explain the students by Deseret Press News 638 to you? Ghirardelli Chocolate 582 lanthe construction Co of form, and neither manuscript had nor A: book He Bros Glen 583 for the book. of the Reasons guage to from. read Mills Globe 611 quotations of the from had, not appearance not he have Could and Q: you Station Radio KSL

it? know in Bible the King Book James'of Inside Back Cover

If the anything of he he A: had kind had Landes Tractor given. also Equipment Co.633 have been & Mormon

it could not from concealed me. have L. S. Business D. College 639 it is that the only emphasized Here that at sure plates Are had he you Q: Lankershim Hotel 636 left the the us time information Prophet for writing by him? were you Levi Strauss 577

plates often the lay table A: The on Oliver Cowdery, Smith and Joseph Fuel Mountain Supply 579 Co without attempt at concealment, any Nalley's in scribe, his stated sen- a 612 be may in linen cloth, small table a wrapped which National Register Cash 583 Co translated the tence. Smith "Joseph I I in. felt to fold given had him them once of School Ogden Culture.,639 Beauty gift plates, the the of table, as thus and the they lay by Book on Mormon of Pioneer Minced Clams 612

tracing their outline shape. and They aid of the the with of power God School Provo of Beauty Culture..630

to pliable like seemed thick be paper, and Quish of School Culture....583 Beauty gold from and Urim Thummim rustle metallic a would with sound when Royal Baking 610 Co plates to entrusted Moroni, him by the the edges as thumb, were moved one by Stores Safeway 635

.. raised again the does sometimes being of dead book. thumb edge was a who Shell Oil Inside Front Co Cover father dictated not Could the have Q: therefrom."Standard Brands, Inc 629

to you, Oliver of Book Cowdery, Mormon Standard Oil of to writing witnesses the 581 Company Other others for after and wrote him having who Taylor Jewelry...637 Co the were Book Emma Mormon first of it, first written it or out having read Pacific Union Stages 577 of the Prophet, of Smith, David book? some wife Utah Engraving Co 636 neither write A: Smith Joseph could nor Harris, Martin and Whitmer, John Fire Utah Insurance Home 637 Co dictate letter, well coherent a and worded all UtahIdaho School of these writings Supply 582 Whitmer. The let alone dictating like the a fiooA: book of Poultry Utah Prod. Ass'n 627 in manuscript the claimed are be to I and though active parMormon, an was Savings Utah Trust & 636 Co ticipant in the that transpired, scenes Missouri. at Independence, and Washburn Condon 6 634 present during translating the was the of October, Saints'Advocate, College The Woodbury 637 plates, of things cognizance and had they as

1 Z. C. M. last 631 of the gives testimony 1879, it is transpired, to marvelous me, "a marvel

Emma Smith Bidamon, wife of the and a wonder,"as much so as to anyone

Prophet Joseph Smith. The queselse.

is belief ATTEIND the your what about Q: Mother, son, Smith, tions were by her Joseph

origin or the of Book of Morin the presence asked wereProvo School of Beauty Culture and of authenticity,mon?

The School Where the Promise is Kept Bishop Rogers, W. W. Blair, and A: My belief is that the Book of Mor11 East 1st No., Provo. Utah H. A. Stebbins. A part of the intermon is of divine authenticity—I have not

it. the slightest satisfied of that doubt investment meager I amA Life's income for a follows: view

could the dictated no writing of have man

Fill for further in coupon the Question: manuscript for, unless inspired: When did you first know he was information or

Phone No. 2 Sidney Rigdon? when [I was] acting as his scribe, your

Answer: I was residing at Father Whitfather would dictate to me hour after hour;

mer 's when I first saw Sidney Rigdon. I and when returning after meals, or after

think he came there. interruptions, he would at once begin where

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

THE MANNER OF TRANSLATING THE BOOK OF MORMON he had left off, without either seeing the translated. Joseph Smith would put the seer would appear. Thus the Book of Mormon

manuscript or having any portion of it read stone into a hat, and put his face in the hat, was translated by the gift and power of to him. It would have been improbable drawing it closely around his face to exGod, and not by any power of man.

that a learned man could do this; and, for clude the light; and in the darkness the spirThe Desecet Evening News, Seplight of would soone... unlearned as he was, it was itual shine. A piece sometember 5, 1870, reports in part an

resembling appear, thing parchment would impossible.simply

These questions and the answers she had and on that appeared the writing. One address in the Salt Lake Tabernacle

given to them, were read to my mother by character at a time would appear, and unas follows:

me, the day before my leaving Nauvoo der it was the interpretation in English. Martin Harris related an incident that

for home and were affirmed by her. Major Brother Joseph would read off the English occurred during the time that he wrote the

Bidamon stated that he had frequently conto Oliver Cowdery, who was his principal portion of the translation of the Book of versed with her on the subject of the transscribe, and when it was written down and Mormon which he was favored to write lation of the Book of Mormon, and her repeated to Brother Joseph to see if it was direct from the mouth of the Prophet Joseph present answers were substantially what correct, then it would disappear, and anSmith. He said that the Prophet possessed

she had always stated in regard to it. other character with the interpretation {Concluded on page 632)

Who is the sonSigned,of theJosephProphetSmith.Joseph

Smith. chmvqsL jfadoif to

Tn the March, 1836, issue of the

Messenger and Advocate, John Whitmer writes as follows: OILPLRTMG

It may not be amiss in this place, to give The "magnetic"action of patented a statement to the world concerning the Conoco Germ Processed oil gives work of the Lord, as I have been a member every square inch in your engine aof this Church of Latterday Saints from slippery overlay of oilplating—

its beginning. To say that the Book of attached as firmly as chromiumMormon is a revelation from God, I have plating. And could any plating

no hesitancy; but with all confidence have ever drain down when you park for

signed my name to it as such; and I hope any length of time? Then you

that my patrons will indulge me in speakknow why oilplating—drainproofing freely on this subject, as I am about—naturally has to be ready to lubleaving the editorial department—therefore ricate before you're even ready to

I desire to testify to all that will come to get out of bed, or away from work.

the knowledge of this address, that I have Long before any oilpump could handled these plates, and know of a surety squirt a drop, your drainproof that Joseph Smith, Jr., has translated the oilplating has readied your enBook of Mormon by the gift and power of gine for safe, easy starting. That's

God, and in this thing the wisdom of the exactly how you get the drop on wise most assuredly has perished: therewear and waste, by oilplating

fore, know ye, O ye inhabitants of the now with Germ Processed oil. Keeps

battery yourearth, this address wherever come, up conoco gerih may oillevel,engine—yourtoo. Change your now to in this thingthat I have garments freed my

of your blood, whether you believe or disYour Mileage Merchant. Continentbelieve the statements of your unworthy al Oil Co. PROCESSED OIL

friend and wellwisher.

In 1 887 David Whitmer writes an %V%*# address "to all Believers in Christ."

This was fifty years after he had separated himself from the Church.

He was now past 82 years of age.

In this address David Whitmer bears a faithful testimony to the divine origin of the Book of Mormon.

He states: I will say once more to all mankind that

I have never at any time denied that testimony or any part thereof. I also testify

to the world that neither Oliver Cowdery nor Martin Harris at any time denied their testimony; they both died reaffirming the

divine authenticity of the truth of the Book of Mormon. I was present at the death

bed of Oliver Cowdery and his last words were, "Brother David, be true to your testimony to the Book of Mormon."

He also declares:

I testify to the world I am an eyewitness to the translation of the greater part of the

Book of Mormon. Part of it was translated

in my father's house in Fayette, Seneca

County, New York.

He also wrote as follows: Mary: Whatbe "onlydarlinga bridesmaid!"newlyweds! And I thought she'd always

I will now give you a description of the Jane: I thought so, too, until she started wearing ZCMI

manner in which the Book of Mormon was clothes. Now she's really attractive.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

THE MANNER OF TRANSLATING THE BOOK OF MORMON (Concluded from page 631) him to relate these things."( See quoin digging a well. "Joseph put it into

a seer stone, by which he was enabled to tation above. ) When both these men his hat and then his face into the

translate as well as from the Urim and were past eighty years of age, and top of his hat... alleging that he

for convenience he then and Thummim, the about fifty years after the event, they could see in it."Mormonism Unstone. Martin explained used the seer

translation as follows: By aid of the seer undertook to describe the manner of veiled, Eber D. Howe, 1834.

stone, sentences would appear and were translation, whifch Elder Brigham This is an attempt to explain the read by the Prophet and written by Martin, H. Roberts has clearly shown is not alleged power of Joseph Smith to

finished say, "Written,"he would and when if that written, sentence correctly and would in harmony with the manner inditranslate the plates by a person who disappear and another appear in its place, cated in Section 8 of the Doctrine denounced him as a fraud and an but if not written correctly it remained and Covenants. (See New Witignorant deceiver.

until corrected, so that the translation was ness for God, Vol. II, pages 106In the opinion of the writer, the

it just as engraven on the was plates, pre133 by B. H. Roberts.) Moreover, Prophet used no seer stone in transin cisely the then used. language

they refer to the use of a seer stone lating the Book of Mormon, neither

Both David Whitmer and Martin by the Prophet. But no publication did he translate in the manner deHarris knew positively that they had during his life contains such a statescribed by David Whitmer and

been shown the plates by Moroni ment. Martin Harris. The statements of

and had so declared since the time A neighbor, Willard Chase, asboth of these men are to be explained of the experience, but the Prophet serted Joseph stole a "singularly by the eagerness of old age to call declared in October, 1831, that no appearing stone"which he had upon a fading and uncertain memory one knew the manner of the translafound in 1 822 when Joseph and his for the details of events which still tion, neither was "it expedient for brother Alvin were employed by him remained real and objective to them.

BIRTHDAY

{Concluded from page 595) the last. At least his wife had been den gust of wind brought down a

for his beloved son! Rather to have spared this agony. He alone must shower of crisp leaves about his feet

been poor and to have worked his bear it—he alone. as the door to the sitting room

fingers to the bone than this. Riches With sudden determination he opened. Stephen Porter walked to

could not buy life, could not prevent brought his will to attention and meet a woman in nurse's uniform accident. squared his shoulders. He would who stood in the doorway. She

When the doctors had told him go to them and face his problem. said, "Come and see him; he is conafter the accident that there was no "The eternal God is my refuge and scious and resting easily. The dochope and that his son would never underneath are the everlasting arms; tors are most wonderful; they are

regain consciousness, he had crept... surely He will deliver thee from so happy to give him back to you."

past them out of the room. Like the snare of the fowler and from the "Why,"he said, "you are crying,"

Hagar he could not watch his son noisome pestilence...."and suddenly he sat down on the

die. They had said they would do Calmly he folded the papers and low step and burst into uncontrolall that was humanly possible to returned them to his pocket. A sudlable weeping.

TAHITI

(Continued from page 593) the south, a member of the Austral president. On Fakarava, Elder

colony, is approximately the same group. ( See map, page 592. ) While Hardy found the branch president

distance south of the equator as the members of the Society and to be Maeva a Marunui, governor

Hawaii is north. Geographically, Austral archipelagos are mountainof the island, with his first counthe islands are divided into groups ous islands of volcanic origin—the selor, the island's head policeman.

known respectively as the Society, romantic South Sea islands of popuOn the island of Taenga ElderTuamotu, Gambier, and Marquesas lar imagination—the Tuamotu Hardy dedicated a house as dwellarchipelagos. In times past there Archipelago, often called the "Daning-place for the Elders, built by the

has been proselyting in each group, gerous"or "Low Archipelago,"concombined efforts of the three as well as in the Cook Islands, sists merely of thin strips of lowbranches of Taenga, Nihiru, and

British possessions, but more relying land, or coral rock, encircling Makemo. Everywhere the Paumotu

cently work has been discontinued lagoons whose size varies from a people, as the inhabitants of the in the Gambier, Marquesas, and few miles to fortytwo miles in Tuamotu group are called, expressed

Cook Islands, and concentrated in length. There are fiftysix such joy at the visit of one of the General

the Society, Austral, and Tuamotu coral atolls in the group, scattered Authorities. Gifts, feasts, special

archipelagos. over several hundred thousand demonstrations marked Elder Harsquare miles of ocean. dy's stay at each island.

"Deginning and ending at Papeete It is upon islands of this archiAt Tubuai, due south of Tahiti, on the island of Tahiti, mission pelago that fourteen of the eighteen a local missionary, Brother Teao headquarters, Elder Hardy's cruise branches in the Tahitian Mission a Mauta, was set apart, for there the took him on a huge circuit of the have been established. Largest French government will no longer

Tuamotu group, including the branch is found on Takaroa, with permit foreigners to carry on proseislands of Niau, Fakarava, Takaroa, Taumata a Mapuhi, graduate of the lyting. With three branches fully

Nihiru, Hikueru, and Hao to the onetime L. D. S. Maori Agriculorganized and wellhoused in chapnorth and east, and of Tubuai to tural College in New Zealand, as els of rock construction, with beau632

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

TAHITI

stop only at infrequent intervals er and sail boat, tracting, administerat islands of little commercial iming to the sick, organizing and reportance. There Elders think little organizing branches, and preaching

of going without mail from home, the message of the Gospel of love.

or word from headquarters, for Even as it was in the days of the weeks, even months, at a time. When first missionaries, they find hands

questions arise, the missionary must extended toward them, and the lovsolve them. He learns to depend able natives willing to do everything

upon himself and to trust in the Lord. they can to help the work of the

As the Tahitian Mission nears its Lord progress. These darkskinned

century mark, Elders from the "tops island peoples are truly, in the words of the mountains"still travel among of Robert Louis Stevenson, "the these many islands on copra schoonsweetest people God ever made."

A flock of young coconut gatherers ascending a tree.

tiful and wellkept surroundings,

Elder Hardy expressed confidence in the continued growth of the

Church on the island. On all the

islands where the Church is active, branches are prospering under the direction of local presidencies, Relief Societies are functioning, the

M. I. A. and Primary are carrying

on.

New proselyting activites have also made their appearance in the mission. Elders are coaching basketball teams in various sports clubs

in Papeete, quaint capital of Tahiti,as well as in the Papeete high school. atFilm strip projectors, run on power buy

from storage batteries, are winning friends. The program of tracting

has been enlarged, and within recent months the little press at mission our risk headquarters has been kept busy refilling shelves with literature. A When you buy "Caterpillar"Diesel engines,

series on the Articles of tractsnew and Diesel tractors or road equipment, you buy been completed,of Faith has sectionsadded guarantee comof the Doctrine and at OUR risk—because we

translated.Covenants

plete satisfaction. Ask any of the hundreds

Some twentysix missionaries under the direction of President and of present "Caterpillar"users!

Sister Kenneth R. Stevens are diligently promoting the work of the

Lord among a people naturally religious, a people quick to respond to the word of God, and quick, also, momentarily to forget their duty. Distributors of

To obtain the viewpoint of another race, a race now subjected to the "CATERPILLAR"standards, good and bad, of the Diesel Engines of the TrackType the problem Europeans, is Tractors T LANDESRACTOR It EQUIPMENT CO. Road Machinery'is a physical missionary. There

: slow problem, too—that of isolation

deprives travel irregular many and Headquarters - 245 West South Temple; Salt Lake City visits of the Elders. of the islands

The schooners of local merchants

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

LET A FELLOW BUILD A DREAM (Concluded from page 591 "I have an idea,"Tris mumbled, wellmeant kindness. Mary resolved

to revolutionize the motor car inbending over the model and chalking she would see Mr. Holt tomorrow,

if see. Say, a I could the side delivered the block. of explain not line upon had why she

like this thing ajustdustry—you'llput the royalties the could. intake change "We'll message, never she and his why

might bring at Mary's feet...."then...."She thought of the Holt's French pe-

"Aw, shucks,"said Tris. "It Mary stood there without speakriod room banked high with flowers.

isn't the royalties she wants—it's ing. She was still watching Tris. No wedding like that for her—not

you. Money in itself doesn't count. There was no slouch to his shoulders now. Oh, well, thought Mary, grinWe had that at Holt's—remember?"now—no sullen droop to his mouth. ning gamely. I wouldn't want it anyThere was a sputter and sizzling Was Chug's dream Tristam's way. All I'll ever want is Chug,

sound from the cylinders. dream too? Did things work out just as he is, without any alterations

"It won't go,"said Chug in a disthat way? A dream was such a on my part.

appointed voice. "Blew out another fragile thing, she thought. It could She was still smiling as she moved

condenser. We'll have to try anbe crushed forever by lack of underforward toward the curlyhaired

other angle...."standing, lack of sympathy, even young man in the smudgy overalls.

THE AGRICULTURAL PROGRAM

(Concluded from page 586) Individualized Rehabilitation phase of this situation can be quires out of an actual working using Church the official by plans HpHE job of alleviating distress and handledafter they are once made. cards"survey "green Plan Many Welfare

failures result because of inadequate establishing good will, confifor all quorum members, and agrirecord-keeping. The pencil is the dence, and selfsupport can be done cultural "survey form No. 2"for all

most neglected farm implement we most effectively by tackling it on the problem cases. There is no short

have. Records should be studied, basis of the individual family. It is cut, so far, and until and unless

and programs on the farm and in the a slow process. Miracles cannot be quorum officers catch this vision and

home replanned in light of market expected to happen, only on the basis put into practice this procedure, they forecasts and past recorded experiof earnest effort properly directed. will continue to flounder and our

ences. Until folk realize that they This takes time. Quorum officers fundamental problem of effecting a

are on the farm to cash in their labors and committeemen should not allow permanent solution for unemployand that the more days they can discouragement to defeat the fundament and the dole will continue to labor the greater are their chances mental purposes of the Church Welgo unsolved. (See Improvement

for remunerative returns, they will fare Plan. The fact that the end Era for August, 1939, page 487, parnot catch the true philosophy of cannot be seen from the beginning agraph six of President Rudger

scientific farm management. In other is no reason for not making a start. Clawson's letter to quorum officers.

words, it is just as productive to The Lord helps those most who first Thoroughgoing Latterday Saints overhaul a plow or grease a harness help themselves. will ponder all of these things and

during the winter months or fix the Officers of Melchizedek Priestuse the talents the Lord has given fence with the hay crew that has hood quorums and Adult Aaronic them to till and take care of His been stopped by a rain storm, as it Priesthood group leaders are exearth to the best possible advantage.

is to work with a team off the farm pected to take the initiative in this They will also live the Golden Rule for cash. This philosophy fails to program by first definitely and sysin all of their dealings, keep the

be envisioned by too many of our tematically determining which of Word of Wisdom, and observe the rural men, judging from the great their own members are in distressed Sabbath day. There is no doubt

amount of time they have to loaf at circumstances and why; and secbut that honest, earnest, wholeprominent places on the main streets ondly, by setting about to find a hearted cooperation and work will

both winter and summer. remedy for the problem. The first bring success to our rural people.

THE "ISAIAH PROBLEM // (Continued from page 594) the original text. By a most peis "their fish,"which argues well for culiar coincidence the words "stinkthe correctness of "their rivers."eth"and "dried up"in this Hebrew

The ancient Greek reads: "And context have nearly the same sound

PRODUCERS their fish shall be dried up because and look very much alike. Transthere is no water, and shall die for literated they read "tiv'ash"and

SALES AGENTS thirst."It will be noted that the "tlvash,"respectively. The acciHebrew omits "dried up"while the dental dropping of one of these verbs

CflTTLH06S-SHP "stinketh."Greek on theTheotherBook handof Mormonomits froming oftheeither,originalwouldtext, occasionor a misreadcon-

UNION STOCK YARDS retains both, indicating that the Hesiderable difficulty and cause scribes brew and Greek each lack elements to reconstruct the text in different

Los Anqeles Stockton that were in the original text of ways. The present Greek and HeSo.San Francisco Isaiah. On the basis of the Book brew readings illustrate the processes

of Mormon reading the textual critic of reconstruction. The Book of

can reconstruct what happened to (Continued on page 636).

to market. ifevs re steppe* Mound 2500 *$S *&&!

averafsgtbe sam Werelambs shew 'ai kfor 35 h <wg 2TJS*I

see f0L producers seotions

Sas George Wilbur—

Sheep men profit by yearround selling support

Tender, juicy young lamb can now be I notice Safeway runs regular, yearon the family table every month of the round advertising on lamb. That beneyear—nobody has to wait for a special fits sheep ranchers by stepping up

season to enjoy it! George Wilbur lamb consumption, steadying prices.

made that plain to me. "Another example of fine coopera-

"Right from here in Arizona we're tion we're getting are those 'eat more now moving good, young lamb to marmeat'campaigns. In these big, nationket in an allyear stream,"he told me. wide drives everybody works together.

"Sheep ranchers in other states are doBy everybody I mean Safeway and ing the same thing. But it doesn't do other members of the National Assous much good to get our lamb to marciation of Food Chains, independent

ket if the public doesn't know it's retailers, packers, and the National there. We need plenty of marketing Livestock and Meat Board.

help to make people realize that lamb "I know for a fact that these drives, is a yearround item nowadays. by firming up prices, have put money

"There's no question we get importin the pockets of producers. Credit is

ant help on this from Safeway and due Safeway and other distributors for other distributors. I keep an eye out doing this grand selling job on lamb."

for advertising about what I raise and—The Safeway Farm Reporter

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

Leads to New Friends, Better TE1EFACT l". s. iwn] Business or AGE AND SEX OF UNEMPLOYEDMALE FEMALE

Social Position O O O O O O O O O O O o o o o o o o

SPEAK UNDER30 iiiIliiiiif3.2 MILLION limit2

o o o o o oSPANISH

Simple ListeningFRENCHBy Method IWIIH1.3 7 FASCINATING! AMAZING!

Let us show you how reasonable it is

GORDON H. MARKS, Representative 4049

CORTfflAPHDNE METHDB 324 U. P. Building Salt Lake City. Utah till1.21.2 II5

O O.J)O P.O QO OO O

50 & OVER fflffllll17 Science ServicePictorial Statistics, Inc. 9-6 Lomplete

THE "ISAIAH PROBLEM"(jj>cink (Concluded from page 634) mentators would agree almost one

Mormon reading is so reasonable on hundred per cent that the Book of the basis of the Greek and Hebrew Mormon reading is superior to texts as to appeal to the reason of that of the King James version and

The general forward moveevery thinking person. hence of the Hebrew. There are

ment in business finds this In 2 Nephi 13:12 (cf. Isaiah 3:12) two Hebrew words, lo'and lo, restrong, conservative bank the reading "And my people"ocspectively, which sound alike but

cooperating with its clients curs in contrast to the King James have different meanings. The presin every possible way. Our version "as for my people."The ent Hebrew text reads lo'("not")

( "to it"). Someservice includes Commerpresent Hebrew reads simply "my but should read lo

cial and Savings Accounts, people"as the italics of the English time in the history of the Hebrew think it very text the wrong word intruded into Trust Department—acting version suggest. We

as Administrator, Executor, significant that the last letter of the the text in a way easily explained by

Guardian and Trustee, Hebrew of verse eleven if placed in the textual critic. But the Prophet

Abstract Department and front of the first word of verse twelve Joseph Smith caught the error which

Safety Deposit Boxes. gives the Book of Mormon reading passed into the King James version.

"and my people."The word diThe text of Isaiah in the Book of

vision of the Isaiah text on the gold Mormon is thoroughly discussed in plates before the Prophet Joseph a Master's thesis prepared under general direction the of the writer differed at this Smith, somewhat & SAVINGS /I IT U diat point Brigham the traditional Young University from by word TRUST CO. LI T1 rill

235 South Main Street vision preserved in our present HePrincipal H. Grant Vest of the

Member Federal Reserve System brew Bible. Anciently the words in Vernal Seminary and entitled The

Member Federal Deposit the Hebrew text were all run toProblem of Isaiah in the Book of

Insurance Corporation gether without any formal indicaMormon, tion as to where each began and left We are now able to extend greatoff. When scribes later divided the ly, thanks to Grant Vest's thesis, the

words they occasionally made errors. number of verses that definitely re-

.. If it be pointed out that my sugveal translation phenomena in the we orrfr gestion destroys verse eleven, the Book of Mormon text of Isaiah, and A COMPLETE

ENGRAVING SERVICE answer is that the present text of that together give relative indicaFrom Missionary portraits to the largest verses ten to twelve is corrupt. Let tions of its age. That is to say, these

catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention. the reader consult the obviously betverses, when studied in connection

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. ter readings of the Nephite record. with ancient versions of Isaiah, give

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah One more illustration will suffice. substantial evidence that the transIn 2 Nephi 19:3 (cf. Isaiah 9:3), lator of the Book of Mormon had

the text reads: "Thou hast multibefore him a version of Isaiah more

HOTEL LANKERSHIM plied the nation, and increased the ancient than any now in existence, 7th & BROADWAY actually that Foltranslated. he and according thee before joy joy—they

is that a list of references lowing to..."version King we James The (Double i Choice

reads: "Thou hast multiplied the offer for the examination of textual

critics: (italics 13:9, 20; 12:16, nation, mine) 2 Nephi not and LOS ANGELES 11; 16:9; be15:5, 7, joy: 12, 14; 14:3; the 19:3; increased they joy 'TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE'

fore thee according to..."Com23:3, 11, 14; 24:3, 4; 27;6, 19; I

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

F ACT JhsL VYUtlSL %DJUL TELE MORE CRIME IN LARGE CITIES U.S. a.

di(WSL,tfaL VTUfUL (INU.(NO. OFU r IKIMfcbCRIMES KNOWNKNOWN TOTO POLICEPOLICE PERPER 10001000 INHABITANTINHABITANTS)

m * m Slk 111 j| J? J*. 111 *<* yjojjL diavsL VfasuL

w-Z—u 'J. /?rs - > - mm*, -—nm mmm

INSURANCE 100.000 250,000

Protect what you have by insuring it. Buy sound insurance. Let us explain the value of a policy in the Utah 25.000 50.000 ttiw iin Home Fire Insurance Commiim

pany. aa4iUNDER 10,000

EACH SYMBOL REPRESENTS 1 CRIME KNOWN TO POLICE

Science ServicePictorial Statistics, Inc. 9-30

THE "ISAIAH PROBLEM"Nephi 20:5, 13, 14; 2 Nephi 7:2; material in others, transposes, makes

UTAH HOME FIRE ers8:5, might15, 18,be21;Mosiahl4:6.added.) (Othatgrammaticaltimes for itschanges,unusualfindsreadingssupportin

INSURANCE CD. The version of Isaiah in the Nethe ancient Greek, Syriac, and Latin

scripture an independent versions, hews at other times and no supHeber J. Grant 6c Co. phite

for itself, course as might be expectport at all. general, In it presents

General Agents ed of a truly ancient and authentic phenomena that will be found of

Salt Lake City, Utah record. It makes additions to the great interest to critics in many

present text in some places, omits fields.

PALESTINE TODAY {Concluded from page 587) Damascus Gate and Jaffa Gate, are said they would be Capiat SFetoelrp immigration Jewish were satisfiedstopped—if the guardedcus Gateveryis closely.locked atThesixDamas-p. m.

Company they would be perfectly willing to When the German Kaiser made his live in harmony with the Jews alfamous trip to Palestine in 1 898, the

This is the time to think of ready in the country, but object to Turkish Sultan, in order to make

School Rings and Pins. We any additional numbers. easy his entrance into the city with

can furnish these you with articles. of Refinement deAs I walked inside the old city hisGateretinue,and builtcut athepermanentwall by theentranceJaffa

sign and quality makes us many attempts were made to frighten close by. Hence the Jaffa Gate canan outstanding Manufacme. In the old city the Jewish quarnot be properly closed like the others

turer. ters are near the Zion and Dung but is blocked with barbed wire engates. the other side of wall the On sentries. tanglement and 162 St. So. Main is strictly a section. Mohammedan Getting the out 5123 Phone of enWas. Holy Land

inalong I walked As and made Salt City, Lake Utah tails getting tape red as as much quiries for certain addresses, I was it. into to leave I planned Saturon

if asked not I were on afraid to be visited accordingly again and day streets. the they out found When police the headquarters secured and

in the quarters, been I had Jewish special a to return. permit rule The

I if of not asked afraid were fnun for LEADERSHIP they is that is to depart one the on day being for taken a spy. career Your finest requires training same the obtainThe his permit designates. to the I wentable. the largest Woodbury, business training thing to the happened I went wheninstitution in offers America, scientifically ditransportation reserve to companyrected training start to enables which graduates quarters. or Arab Moslem

itat a salaries seat higher that discovered and quicker a and win advancewas ment. Courses in Business Administration, AccountThe city of Jerusalem has eight Jewish company and strictly kept

ing, Secretarial Science, Foreign Trade, Journalgates. The Golden Gate is in the the Sabbath. So I returned onceism, Merchandising, SecretariMovie and Radio

al, with Bachelor Degree in two years. Shorter temple area and faces the Mount of more to headquarters and had the

Courses;Commercial also Commercial

Interiortume Design, Decoration, HomeArt, CosEco- Olives. This gate is closed permadate changed. It is interesting to

nomics. nently with masonry. Of the other note that on certain stretches of the

Athletics, Social Activities, Deseret Club forMormon students. Supervised student homes. seven, the New Gate, Herod's Gate, road only Arab chauffeurs can drive,

rilled 1,500 positions than annually.More PartZion's Gate, and Dung Gate are and on others only Jewish chaufprovided. catalog. Freetime work State course

desired. closed to traffic. Stephen's Gate feurs. Hence, every so often, it was

WOODBURY COLLEGE onfuneralsthe eastand sideoccasionallyis open foronlytourfor necessarychauffeurs. to Judahchangeis bothsurelycarsreturnand

1023 UJIISHIRE BLVD. LOS ANGELES.CALtr ist parties. The remaining two, ing home. But at what cost!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939

SOLUTION OF SEPTEMBER PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword PuzzleThe Fruits of Faith (Heb. 11:33)

"R s c L A D A H A G &

1 S 1 H- s T- 7 A S u E T * Y $3 5S $-P

I -R s A E L A A 5 L T A A F F E C T 1 N K U 10 tt. 13

V T E F T F T P & $& H 1 A fe N ft T N G s 8 yv H IS IG

N o E D s T G $ & $ l r6 19 20 1 n S A"R E V N T B $ m

G: A E V",. A A M A P N fe $$ 23 #.

-R 1 > N H S T N & Y E w s $ C E N T 1 T 25"zc 17 IS

N $ T H E E A *R T H s T R Y E N s u E $ D E *r 30 33

3 3r 36 37

3<i 0 VI3ts Ylew!

SJts (convenient! V2 vv $

ilt s Inexpensive! Y? y* V?

50 SI 5} S3 SH

53"WHAT?

ACROSS InexConvenient, New, Our child Mischievous is the faith substance of 35 2 "Now Binder pensive readymade..."Send elsewhere things 36 hoped

for keeping your IMPROVE- 5 "... it he being dead yet speaketh"38 "having... eternal redemption"

organization is Religious impos41 faith 7 without... "But readily accesERAS MENT

... things not evidence "the 42 sible to please him"of sible with minimum a."

.. seen"the Saul smote 9 "And

trouble. provided having some better "prepared "God 13 Noah

.."for. thing to David;... ireark"(anag.) 44 loyal 14 Man These binders are durable, book Testament 45 New Clamor 15

attractive, and so made that 16 Anger 46 "are there... that be saved?"

a whole year's issues can be 17 "The... are a people not strong"47 Native (Feud. Law); fine (anag.)

conveniently kept, issue by 2219 Artlessness"framed by... word of God"4850 PartFrom of the body

issue, ready for immediate 23 "ordain... in every city"51 Percolating

reference. 25 City in Palestine 55 "For he looked for... city"

26 "dead raised... life again"56 "And have tasted the... word

sect the price is only $1.25 of a of God"Jewish And 27 Member

..., being faith men of honest..."warned of 57 "seven "by 29 per binder!

God"See them in our display win31 Third king of Judah Our Text from Hebrews is 2, 5, 7, dow, No. 8, South Main 3334 Library"... what more shall I say?"bined22, 23, 38, 55, 56, and 57 comStreet, or call at 29 Richards

Street, for full particulars. DOWN

1 "Call me not Naomi, call me,.."21 Bitter vetch

2 "These all died in..."24 New Testament book

3 Oil, a suffix 25 Large snake to Rachel of Relationship Rebekah they through the 28 faith passed 4 "By.".. this.. dry land". sea 30 as by "Why make ye

5 Twofold (rare) 31 Vessel used by early Christians 6 Yukon Territory 32 "who through the eternal..."

Pronoun seeing him who... invisi35

36 Reverence cJDederet t lewd 7 "asble"8 "Therefore sprang there even of 37 "called the altar..."Josh. 22: 34

..., and him as good as dead"39 Comic actor

... 10 Joseph "made... of the depart40 "I will... leave thee"p.redd ing of the children of Israel"43 Reward

29 Richards Street 11 Pharaoh's first dream was about 48 Doctor of Laws

Salt Lake City, Utah 12 Sprites 4952 TearShout of triumph if any draw. not man back my of them who 53 "but "But we Attention Prompt Given to 13

. in.. pleasure shall soul have back"draw

ft Mail Orders and Inquiries not him"16 "vaunteth 18 Third son of Adam 54 Weight 20 Fancy THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1939 \\PRAISED BE THE FATHOMLESS UNIVERSE"{Concluded from page 589) of Jesus Christ, are capable at once foolishness and it profiteth them not. And

perish. shall theyIt tasks. daily our neglect for or use doing on their is a mode—depending thing too is no such as There is light of the sucthat being theSalvation achievement of Gospel—of learning. a There is such is in light much success, success set not give that a hill to uponcess—cosmic thing learning. as unbalanced The all terms; but of neverthemerely or world, becoming unto mundane

theless it is a success that is the most stupid of peoples. There is world is suffering from this "wisachieved here. So frequently we a thought that may well give us dom"of men, men who because of

their learning they suppose know of to belonging asthink of salvation pause. that must remember We is themselves. learned "But to be that is fail to congiven, exthe hereafter where we much much is

sider that what happens hereafter pected. good if they hearken unto the counsel illuminaGod."much of Howis predicated sternly do what on we long there as are Latterday So tion to the be brought can discovery is then, thehere. Mormonism, sustain the Priesthood Saints who of to hearkening counthe by man to living. guidesupreme fail to upraised but hands with sels not can of do God? men What

it is the supreme? Because Why action; sustain so subsequent it with if, for of betterment the mankind

Gospel of Jesus Christ. It has not long as the Bible, the Book of Moraddition to learning all they can,in

been devised by conclaves or Sanmon, and the Doctrine and Covethey will hearken unto the counsel hedrins or synods of learned men. nants remain dustcovered and unof God?

It was directly revealed by Christ explored in Mormon homes; so long, "Praised be the fathomless uniHimself through His divinely orthen, as the Latterday Saints do verse for life and joy and for objects

availprophets. It is heredained individually not and collectively the and knowledge curious"-—for Saintable. has Latterday Every learn and live the Gospel it offers of Christ opportunity for eternal progthis at his to living elbow very guide long shall we be ress. in its entirety—so to take neglectand yet many adsuffering the greatest from stupidity,

vantage of it. of all evils. First of all, we don't adequately ENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOWknow it. "Search the scriptures for One word about learning. To

in them ye think ye have eternal quote from the ninth chapter of Sec- $25. COURSEDiscountIN BEAUTYon a CULTUREComplete

life"is good advice. Might not the ond Nephi: A State Accredited School

cry, "Oh, Jerusalem, Jerusalem, how O the vainness, and the frailties, and the oft would I have gathered ye tofoolishness of men! When they are Ogden School of Beauty Culture

gether as a hen gathereth her chicklearned they think they are wise, and Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN. UTAH

....ens, but ye would not"be applicable theyfor theyhearkenset itnotaside,untosupposingthe counseltheyof knowGod, Namein some measure to us? How much of themselves, wherefore, their wisdom is Address..City..State

effort does the average Latterday

Saint put forth to acquaint himself with the Gospel? One cannot fol- "X. D. S. Training Pays"

low a plan intelligently unless he know the plan. One cannot be

successful by merely taking thingsfor granted. PROGRESSIVE!

Beyond the scripture as found in The L. D. S. Business College offers modern courses, the best of

the books of Holy Writ, we have equipment, excellent buildings, and a staff of thoroughly comthe ever constant guidance and adpetent instructors.

vice of the President of the Church, who holds the keys of the MelchizStenotypy edek Priesthood. In conference, Shorthand

stake and general, we unanimously Typewriting raise our hands to sustain Heber J. English

Grant as Prophet, Seer, and ReveBookkeeping Arithmetic lator. Thereafter, do we unaniPenmanship

mously heed his counsel? There are Office

all too many evidences that we do Salesmanship Training not. Character Commercial

Stupidity is the greatest sin beEducation Lawcause only those with knowledge are capable of stupidity. The greatest Machine Personal

stupidities are committed by those Calculation Development possessing the greatest potentialities for good. A glaring example of

stupidity was the World War, any visit, Write, creation for genius very man'swhere in October RegisterMonday or telephone lor or November into destrucof channels turnedwas information. for either or MISS Night Day

tion; brains of best the where some her machine classes. and thatStenotype—thewritesMIRIAMshorthand.PARKER for utilized devising the mostwere

heinous means for inflicting humansuffering and destroying human life. I. II. %. BLINE COLLEGE

By the same reasoning the Mor70 North Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah mon people, possessing the Gospel

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY CRUDE, BUT OIL RIGHT "Have you seen Al lately?"

to used adjective, means that which it may be is an "Al who?"Mighty

its Longfellow knew a pronoun. only a noun or modify Kerosene him yesterday. Hasn't benzine since. "Alcohol.

usage when he wrote in his poem, The Village Blacksmith, Gasolined against a fence and took a naphtha."

"The smith, a mighty man is he."Mighty modifies the noun,

man. The usage of mighty as an adverb to modify an adjective HE WHO LAUGHS LAST—

will is Avoid sincerely never hope we his be—correct. to mother. crying not—and Cook's son came Mr.

here."this, to have are mighty you happy as such usage "We is the matter?"exclaimed, "what dearie,"she "Why,

this usage statement is good use can But you when it toes,"his fell explained lifting on box and a big was "Dad in service."mighty the of mighty: was it"Hetruthfully, word sobs. the child between

is "that hardly anything to cry mother, the continued "But,"it."at laughed should have 'about. You Elder John A. Widtsoe, A1Pine Campus

Church Office Bldg., "I did,"said the boy.

City, Utah. Salt Lake

DIFFICULT IDENTIFICATION Brother: Dear

if delay I should lost?"order poor of very be indifference a the matter, sonny, Clerk: are you "What's would IT

truth did Mister, to service "Please, (tearfully): you see a to great a longer say Small Boy writing you how any

and to righteousness you are rendering in your series of recent lady alone whose little boy looks like me?"

articles in The Improvement Era. May your great vision and

great wisdom continue with us for long years to come. WE WONDER

Yours very sincerely, Smith: "My wife never gossips."

A. C. Lambert. Smart: "Neither does mine. By the way, what does

your wife call it?"

British Mission Headquarters, London, W. C. 1. LET SLEEPING JOKES LIE

find The Improvement Era to be one of the finest WE sources of inspiration and a constant stimulus toward better living. Aldon J( Andersoil( j r>>

Executive Secretary Y. M. M. I. A.

- Dear Editor: Aarhus 'Denmark

wish to express our appreciation to The Improvement WE Era, which we read with a great deal of interest. We

enjoy its pages of good advice and worthwhile articles.

Friends across the Atlantic.

By Elder H. John Madsen.

'Netherlands Mission Headquarters

Dear Editor: s Gravenhage, Holland.

articles pertinent minute,"are invariably and "up to the Era enlightenment Gospel only further giving not on one questions, but also offering valuable suggestions in auxiliary work. We appreciate the excellent message contained between

the covers of each issue, and wish to thank you for a Church publication we simply could not do without! The new doctor and his wife were receiving a call from a

John Robert Kest, neighbor. The doctor's small son, aged nine, walked up to

Assistant Editor De Ster. the visitor and, gazing intently at her, said, "My! Aren't

you homely!"

Rensburg, SchleswigHolstein. His horrified mother sought to undo the mischief as well

you mean?""what do she said, Ralph,"could. as she "Why,

Ralph. it stammered Addexcellentmy votequalityof thanksof ThetoImprovementthe thousandsEra.who extol the for a joke,""I only m-m-meant

I have great pleasure reading.Era articles and filing away The mother pushed disastrously onward: "Well!"she said,

the put appears. that the information Era have "It would We missionaries been"a much better joke if you had said, 'How well Saints, as Englishlearning into of our the hands are!'as pretty you

interested friends. Weldon M; Mathigj SO! QUITE West German girl."a bad looking Mission. "You know, you're not

,-.Gentlemen:., Phoenix, Arizona. "You'd"We're even,say so,then.evenYou'dif youthinkdidn'tso eventhinkifso."I didn't say so."

half the writer has the been a subscriber past year and a For publication. splendid of interested reader your and I wish CORRECT ANSWER

It of standard. its high to congratulate is worthy upon you 'collision'?"the tell of the word meaning anyone me "Can

thrift. its for temperance, of morality, teaching and support together unexthings come "Well, two answer. when No success, for continued best your wishes With an collision. anyone can give me that is pectedly, a Now

I remain, very sincerely, example?"

Col. Charles H. Rutherford, Johnny: "Twins."

Civilian Aide to the Secretary of War.

A SAD CASE,-.Dear rjBrethren:a. Willard, Utah. "Very sad case, sir,"said the doctor, "but I believe your

wish the Era were in every home, for it is truly worth its wife's mind is completely gone."

I price. I know if we were all ardent readers of it, it would "It's no more than I have expected,"returned the husband.

make us better Latterday Saints. "For the past fifteen years she has been giving me a piece of it

Bishop J. Wesley Perry. nearly every day. It couldn't last forever."

KSL

Statement of Policy

KSL wishes to say that it is wholly American in its feeling and attitudes and is against our becoming involved in the present

European situation on any side. It is firmly convinced there is

no need of becoming involved and that wise statesmanship will keep us out of it

KSL is opposed to and condemns all selfserving alien activities of any and all foreign pressure groups in the United States no matter whom they are for, or whom they are against. It considers

all their propaganda as unpatriotic and treasonable to the true interests of the United States.

KSL agrees with the declaration of Jefferson made more than a hundred years ago, "Our first and fundamental maxim should be, never to entangle ourselves in the broils of Europe; our

second, never to suffer Europe to intermeddle with cisAtlantic

affairs."

KSL cautions its listeners that no small part of the material now received from Europe as news is merely unconfirmed and sometimes intentionally deceptive rumor of hightensioned foreign capitals, and has no necessary relation to the actual facts.

KSL assumes no responsibility for any comment made upon or interpretation of any such material.

Columbia'sKSL50,000 Watt Affiliate in Salt Lake City Be-**"

C/OUR hundred fortyseven years ago

Columbus'indomitable faith... and persistent

courage... brought the Santa Maria and her

sister ships safely into port to win the richest prize ever discovered by man—the new world.

There's a new world waiting for you... or your

heirs... if you sail the seas of life in that safest

of modern linersLIFE INSURANCE.

'A lit W iAICiifflii'if AMY Heber J. Grant Salt Lake City, Utah