The Church College of Hawaii, Laie,

Oahu, Hawaii.

AUGUST 1956

SUREJELL

POW&EtfP *ECTM

So easy! 50% more jam... and fresher flavor

because you boil only 1 minute with SUREJELL or CERTO!

Ste?,J<u

Recipe: perfect homemade peach Stir in 5 cups sugar at once. Bring Remove from heat, then alterSure-Jell and Certo are brands

jam. Peel, pit and crush 3 lbs. to full rolling boil, boil hard for nately stir and skim off foam for of pectin... the fruit substance

fully ripe peaches. Mix 4 cups 1 minute only, stirring constantly. 5 minutes. Ladle into glasses. that causes jelling. The amount

prepared fruit in very large sauceThis short boiling timemeans less Paraffin at once. Yield: 9 medium of pectin in fruits varies—so

pan with 1 box SureJell. (Or use juice boils away—so you get up glasses, for mere pennies a glass SureJell or Certo takes the guessliquid Certo—recipe on bottle.) to 50% more jam, and the flavor And you're sure of perfect results work out ofjam andjelly making.

Stir over high heat until mixture comes through fresher—with with either powdered SureJell Recipes with package and bottle.

comes to hard boil. SureJell or Certo! or liquid Certo! Products of General Foods.

\%\ l 'f/f

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

shifting Erg, of Libyan composedThe is dunes, likely the sand immost posing area of dunes in the world. It

covers an area 750 miles in length by 250 to 300 miles wide on the LibyanEgyptian border. It is one of the leastknown regions on earth.

It onhasthebeenearthestimatedabout twothatandeacha yearhalf trillion (million million) insects are born.

Experiments on fish farming on Loch

Craiglin, Argyll, Scotland, have been made for two years by sealing off the bay from the sea and adding sodium nitrate and superphosphate. It was great flavor

found that the fish growth continued during the winter, and the fish completed five or six years'growth in two great texture years. Great SCOTT

November 1955 had over a thousand scientists all over the from world why didn't someone think of them before! for Arizona, at Tucson, a world meet

symposium on applied solar energy, in which all phases were discussed. With

enough sunshine, solar water heaters are economical wherever competing fuels cost more than a dollar per million You'll be glad Purity did

British thermal units. Nearly 100 think of them—and

working exhibits of practical developfound the secret of bakments were shown. Science, May 11, ing them better than

1956, summarizes progress in flatplate Grandma ever imagined.

collectors types of deand concentrator... SANDIES PECAN vices, photovoltaic cells, thermocouples

light cookies with golden Solar conversion. photochemical and texture sandy a tempting

stills to convert saline or brackish water mel-l-t that in your are serious into fresh water under with demouth. nubby And

efforts parts of the velopment in many Flavor? pecans. chopped

world. To convert more sun's energy Oh, boy... rich and

into food an algae called Chlorella has buttery and sugary and been given serious study since it propecanish—practically

duces about twice as much protein as irresistible that obtained from other sources, though at a higher price.

tiiew calculations for the Army Map ll Service give the earth a radius of PECAN SANDIES 3,963.26 the earth's miles making cir- "v

at cumference the equator about half PURITY a mile less than the previous value of PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoeni 'ocatel 24,902.39 miles.

AUGUST 1956 545 Education and National Security by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAHEXPERT... because he's a Sovietominouseducationthan theposeshydrogenthreats bomb.""more derlyingrelation betweenour economictechnical,system.professional,The

So declared Dr. William Benton, pubscientific man power and our standard

is, to however, more apparent

its to relation long rangeprofessional painter lisheran addressof thetoEncyclopediathe AmericanBritannicaAssociationin ofsomelivingthan for Higher Education, Chicago, March the quality of our civilization and abil- 6, 1956. Dr. Benton spent the autumn ity to survive disaster. Too few people

of 1955 visiting the Soviet Union, Powill drive to a university campus this land, Hungary, and Czechoslovakia. He October for a football game and see the

has elsewhere warned readers that "the relation between the sheds, laboratories,

Kremlin has been conducting the most and classrooms and—survival. But

stupendous manipulation ever attempted there it is! We are being told that

—with the entire population of the education has become a main theater

Russia's classas subjects."that Soviet of the the cold war; Union He told V * libraries, laboratories rooms, that educators assembled and in Chicago;-,-.\ the threat and challenge of Soviet eduthreaten us more than her hydrogenmay

cation "gravely affects the survival of bombs or her guided missies.

our country and our The structural outline civilization."and comparative studentThere are many reaoutput of Soviet educasons for concern over the tion was presented in

rising proportion and March. Dr. Benton becontent of Soviet educalieves that the basic

tion. Some aspects of the Soviet tenyear-school

issue were presented in (compulsory for all Sothis column in the March viet youth by 1960), al1956 issue. 1 Further need though "communist"edufor national concern and cation and limited by its

appropriate, intelligent action is apphilosophy, is far better than the Ameriparent. Rising budgets for the Atomic can high school and "perhaps comparEnergy Commission, the US Air Force, able to a couple of years at a top

and foreign aid, reflect military policies. college."The difference? Required:

E:I XPERT is the word for any painting job Such policies aim to meet the threat of algebra, geometry, trigonometry; four

done by your professional Painting Conthe hydrogen war heads in intercontiyears of physics and chemistry; two years

tractor. assures His long experience you of nental ballistic missies. But where, yet, of biology; six years of a foreign lanresults that will give beautiful complete and lasting satisfaction. is serious and sober evidence of the posguage—stiffer requirements than most

Your Painting Contractor is near. He sibility that the USSR's investment in U S college graduates have to meet. carefully protects furnishings, floors or Soviet education is more ominous? And True, these are aims—and not achieveshrubbery—and without annoying fuss or where is the West's answer? ments. But how many readers of this

bother. Dr. Benton, a former advertising excolumn have had high school graduates

tools to the has equipment do a and He families years in their the past twenty senator, vicepresident ecutive, and US iast, painting probthorough any on single a of simple than of more of Chicago, charges the University or inside outside have job—your you lem may

, or of language of failure of the part leadership on home. withalgebra—the yearscience—

.For names of reliable Painting Contractors, American educators. He says that soluany high school physics or chemistry?

call your Fuller Paint Dealer. tions and planning for the problems of We can feel every confidence in US

American education have not been high schools. I like its emphasis on pro-

"drastic enough, bold enough, or imducing welladjusted citizens and wish

the the yet identify do not as can peopleW. P. FULLER & CO. aginative enough."Worse, the Amerithe Soviet leaders would do likewise, in

point crisis educational with their growing sameis—whereopen, dofreeour spirit.future scientistsBut the

national security. and liberally trained leaders come from?

The West's leader FULLR When you attended commencement And how will they meet the Soviet eduexercises in June for your relative, did cational challenge?

in paint and glass PAINTS you visualize the schoolhouse, the high We can feel every confidence in US & GLASS vitalschool,elementthe college,in nationalor universitysecurity?as Allthe collegeeducation.scienceHoweverinstructorshigh schoolcannot andbe

of us can repeat from memory Wellingcreated out of thin air. Benton says only

ton's phrase that the overthrow of the 126 high school physics teachers were

Painting sure to ask your ContractorBe is, last produced in America empire to Napoleonic on the was "won year—that latex wall Fuller paint and woodwork

teaching. school entered high of Eton."playing fields But have we who—useFULCOLOR.

He'll be glad to, because FULCOLOR goes realized its modern import? Top busiThousands entered other, more reon smoothly, evenly, easily. It has no "painty"ness, industrial, and labor leaders have munerative fields.

odor, so you can reoccupy a room only one come to realize that in American educaThe American university and through finished. he's after your favorite Choosehour

colors Fullerpaint the famous from Jewel tion lies the chief human resource unit, the entire educational system, are

Case at your Fuller Paint Dealer. iSee "A Question of Educational Philosophy,"Era, dependent upon ability to recruit faculMarch 1956. (Concluded on page 550)

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA! The Complete Series!

DOCTRINES OF SALVATION IN THREE VOLUMES

The Sermons and Writings of Joseph Fielding Smith

Compiled by Bruce R. McConkie

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH..''v- '? ''

President Quorum of the Twelve

... recognized throughout

the Church as one of the foremost authorities on scripture.

VOLUME III VOLUME II VOLUME I

1. The third and last volume in the Doctrines 2. With rare spiritual insight, Joseph Fielding 3. This vital first volume contains a wealth of

seriesof Salvation contains 18 pointed chapinformation unavailable and otherwise new little discusses facts concerning known ters authoritatively discussing of the Smith many progressgospel subjects. Is God on many celestial little glory, salthe marriage, degrees offascinating principles understood and

preexist- ing? of our nature was the Whatof the Gospel. Contains of the an analysis vation for the dead, the resurrection and

is life? story of the the realprophecies ent the second coming about of What

Christ and explains the events and signs exaltation. This volume deals almost entirely creation? What of the age of this earth?

will precede this glorious day.which It with salvation and exaltation and points out Can the theories of organic evolution be

conditionsdescribes will prevail which during the millennial era. Also contains dozens the undeviating course one must follow to harmonized with the gospel? These and

of other doctrinal explanations presented in reach the celestial kingdom. Gives living many other vital questions so often debated

style easy to understandan that has made seriesthis a best seller the meaning to the mysteries of the Kingdom. in Church groups are authoritatively anthroughout

Church. $3.25 $3.00 swered. $3.00

4. GENEALOGICAL 5. OUR TEMPLE MARRIAGE

RESEARCH IN ENGLAND AND whiteNow, atleatherettelast, an coverexpandableto hold binderpreciousin memoriesa beautifulof

WALES your sacred Temple marriage. Complete with acetate

Here's the first of three sheets to protect valuable pictures and certificates, important volumes that is pages for records of gifts, guest lists, clippings, and a must for everyone inother items you'll want to preserve over the years.

terested in genealogical $6.00

research in England and Wales. Among the 18

chapters of this book you could well find the key BOOKCRAFT August 1956 which will open the lock 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah to records of your lost Please send the following circled books generations. $3.00

1 2 3 4 5

for which 1 enclose check ( ) or money order ( )

BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE

1186 SOUTH MAIN IN 7-791 1! City State...

AUGUST 1956 547 \Jjfhclat Lsraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, 'The Voice of the Church'WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER

AGENCIES OF

.':': '.:.:: -:-::.:::;:..'C'. Jke Lnufch or

deius Kshriit Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT

Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

Editor: Manuscript ALLIE HOWE

- F. Editors: DURHAM BENNETT ARCHIBALD

- G. HOMERNIBLEY HARRIS, HUGH FRANKLINContributing MILTON R. HUNTER

- B. B. SPERRY SIDNEY LEE CLAUDEJR. A. PALMERS. -PETERSEN General Associate Manager: Manager:- R. BERTHA CURTIS ELBERT S. REEDER Jhe Ccover

Business Manager: VERL F. SCOTT

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

Regional Advertising Representative: THAYER EVANS Architects'fullcolor drawing of the administration building, The Church College

of Hawaii, is our cover study this month.

The campus is situated at Laie, Oahu,

Hawaii. Harold W. and Douglas W. BurThe Editor's Page ton are the architects. Harold W. Burton

was architect also for the Hawaiian Temple and the Oahu Stake Tabernacle.

"That You May Instruct More Perfectly"...President David O. McKay 557

Church Features

Your Question: The Keys of Missionary Work EDITORIAL50 NorthAND MainBUSINESSStreet OFFICES

President Joseph Fielding Smith 558 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices. 50 North Main St.

Loyalty President David O. McKay 560 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Before this World, What?—MIA Reading Course: Jesus the Christ Salt Lake City 16, Utah

Doyle L. Green 564 Copyright 1956 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and

the by published AssoMutual Improvement There Were Jaredites—The Babylonian Background, cont. ciations of the of Jesus Church Christ of

Saints. reserved. All rights SubHugh Nibley 566 terdayscription Latprice, $2.50 a year, in advance

The Church Moves On 552 Presiding Bishopric's Office 594 foreign25c singlesubscriptions,copy. $3.00 a year, in advance;

Melchizedek Priesthood 592 Healthy, Happy, Lucky You! 601 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Special Features The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of l%c a word and must

by sufficient postage for accompanied Memories delivery and return. The Handcarts of '56—Conclusion GustiveJohn C.O.WhitingLarson 568569 be

Carry On, MIA! Allie Howe 571 Change of Address

The Church College of Hawaii Richard T. Wootton 576 address.Thirty days'Whennoticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease inof

The Spoken Word from Temple Square thecludemagazine.address slipAddressfrom changesa recentcannotissue beof

Richard L. Evans 580, 584, 586, 604 made unless the old address as well as the new

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Fort Moore, Roy J. Olsen 549 one is included.

Harris, Jr 545 On the Bookrack 553

These Times, Education and NationYour Page and Ours 608 al Security, G. Homer Durham....546

TODAY'S FAMILY, Allie Howe, Editor National Advertising Representatives

Practical Use of Food Storage Items, Joan Barber.596 EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

110 Sutter St.

San Francisco, California EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Stories, Poetry 672Los LafayetteAngeles 57,ParkCaliforniaPlace

SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES 342 Ave. Madison

17, N. Y. York The Family's Night Home—Conclusion Yvonne Child Hiss 563 New

DAVIS & SONS Prairie Ranch, Georgia Moore EberLaboratory, Kathryn Frontispiece,

St. N. LaSalle ling 603 30 555 Wright Illinois Chicago,

Poetry Page 556 Desert Design, Thelma Ireland 605

The Emissary, F. Burton Howard..591 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOR YOUR HOME with

TROPICBIOX

INFORMAL, ENDURING BEAUTY The First Flag Raising at Fort Moore WITH ECONOMY

IT'S EASY THE TROPICBLOX WAY! Precisioncut Tropieby Roy J. Olsen bloxrectly makeover sparklingdingy paintednew interiorsor paperedwhen wails.appliedTheirdiparquet patterns harmonize with traditional or modern

Qpecial observances on July 3 and built in the spring of 1847 by the struction,modes andbe colorsure schemes.to see Tropieblox.When planningThey providenew con-a 4 marked the 109th anniversary of Mormon Battalion. Its site was an breathtaking new idea for homebuilders. Use them in

it's goodbye remember And the house. room in—for any a view commanding one imposing which of Fort Moore,the building Philippine Baylaun with redecorating painting and to enand single bastion of off! raising miles. The right the first brought wipeoccasion or dust stains Tropieblox; Mahogany

16"squares 16"x precisioncut are Tropieblox of proBaylaun assurance walls gave present circling flag in the Statesthe United square Each plywood. Mahoganyfaced Philippine of residents to early tection principal Angeles.city of Los AvailThe fitting. perfect sides, four on beveled slightly Los ofis

meeting commemorating these events Angeles. able in White Lauan or Red Tanguile.

convened at ten o'clock the morning During the unsettled years followof the Fourth of July. In addition to ing the Mexican War, Fort Moore

the Sons of Utah Pioneers, California stood as a symbol by which another chapter, and many others, the celegreat state of the American Union bration hosted the trek from Utah of was being forged. Here was held

the modern day Mormon Battalion. one of the first Fourth of July celeThe "new"battalion, composed of brations in California. NEW WALLS OVER OLD WALLS

members of the Sons of Utah Pioneers under the leadership of GenThe fort has long since been eral Fred E. Curtis and Colonel Fred obliterated and a portion of the hill

Reese, afterwards followed the trail removed to make way for modernof the original Mormon Battalion day traffic. A huge monument and

members back to Utah. fitting memorial to these Mormon STORE WIMDOWS WAINSCOTING

Fort Moore, situated on a hill overpioneer soldiers is soon to be comlooking downtown Los Angeles, was pleted and dedicated at the site.

COUNTERS CEILINGS

SEE YOUR LOCAL LUMBER DEALER

MORRISON -MERRILL & CO.

Building Material Distributors

AUGUST 1956 549 These Times

{Concluded from page 546) ties. A stream can rise no higher than

its source. Despite strong loyalties and

dedicated attachment to the teaching profession, college and high school faculties have not recruited their share when you buy a Fowler of top intellectual and scientific talent since World War II. Those recruited

water heater or already in the profession have been drawn away in considerable numbers to industry and even government.

The 1955 Ford Foundation study (which generated the munificent Ford gifts to private colleges recently for im- 1 proving faculty salaries) showed the following:

1. Salaries of university presidents today would have to range from $29,325

to $50,400 merely to restore their 1908 economic position to say nothing about keeping relative pace with top executives in other lines who are able to employ tax angles, stock options, expense acyou can counts—to attract top talent).

2. In 1908, top professional salaries of look $5,000 were not uncommon. Today's

equivalent, merely to restore the 1908 k forward to status, would be $19,200—and a really

top professor, to match his counterpart in 1908, would require more than SAVINGS! $38,000.

"The deterioration at the top is so great,"said the Ford Foundation, "that it affects the attractiveness of the academic career as compared to other professions and occupations."A leading industrialist sagely remarked to a group

of colleagues: "When professors'income gets to a point that you will suggest to your boy he ought to consider

it (along with medicine, law, and industrial management), then we may be approaching the right figure."

A recent study in Utah showed that

Here's the water heater with BIG FEATURES that add up 1954 real income (purchasing power of to better water heating with BIG SAVINGS for you: goodsfessors andwasservices)about 98of certainpercentUtahof theirproGlass-lining... a Fowler first... protects the tank against rust 1939 real income, whereas U S per capita

and corrosion, adding years to its servicelife. income was 166 percent of 1939; Utah

per capita income was 167.6 percent of

Triple insulation prevents heat loss. 1939; Utah district schoolteachers, prinSafe, "black heat"elements assure top heating efficiency. cipals and supervisors, 142.5 percent;

and Utah industrial workers, 142.8 perExternal controls are easily adjustable to supply water cent of the 1939 equivalent.

temperatures as desired and eliminate overheating. Dr. Benton said in concluding his

address, al- "Educators have Manufacturer's 20year warranty guarantees continuous, Chicago money."to beg for most always had

troublefree service. With national survival at stake, such

For finest water heating service at lowest cost, see your nearest beggary takes on new importance. But

Fowler dealer or write for details. beyond beggary and the achievement of

physical strength in science, engineering, and the machinery of military defense, lies the further hope that the nation's schools will produce the strong characters and brilliant thinkers who can devise ways and means of diverting

GLASSLINED ELECTRICand gas WATER HEATERS SovietBeyondeducationbeggary istothepeacefulchallengeobjectives.of true

DISTRIBUTED BY: 316 West 2nd South Street education to teach all men and all naFLINT DISTRIBUTING CO. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH tions the ways of peace in these times.

550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Always On the Good Reading Lists

i. Home Memories

of President David O. McKay

COMPILED BY LLEWELYN R. McKAY

The stalwart character of President non, the poems and articles he has written,

McKay is revealed in this personal acand many other interesting highlights.

count of his early life, his home in From first page to last, this book abounds

Huntsville, the years he spent teaching with interest, color, and principles of youth, his world tour with Hugh J. Canfaith in action. $3.75

Cherished Experiences

from the writings of President David O. McKay

COMPILED BY CLARE MIDDLEMISS

President McKay shares many of his bringing hope and inspiration with him, religious experiences, both at home and healing the sick, and affirming the living abroad, in this interesting book. More truth of the Restored Gospel. This book

than any other LDS President, he has is an excellent selection for the LDS famtoured the four corners of the earth, ily library. #3.00

* 3 Man, His Where is Wisdom? Origin and

FROM THE ADDRESSES BY

STEPHEN L RICHARDS Destiny

of basic the purunderstanding A in JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH direction Church, the of the pose which the leaders are progressing, President Smith shows how reand the work yet to be accomplished ligion and science complement are outlined and amplified in this each other and how misunderfine collection of speeches and exstanding of terms and general cerpts from speeches given by Presiprinciples has caused undue dent Richards to various groups. confusion. This book offers

Much of the material is readily usinsight and understanding in able for preparing lessons or talks. approaching both scientific

#3.50 and religious truths. $4.00

4. Why the

- Salt Lake City Utah., 'King James Version - 44 East South Temple

PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. 44DlSRETEast SouthBOOKTempleCO.

Salt Lake City, Utah Why does the LDS Church accept the Gentlemen:

King James Version over other Versions? Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order

President Clark cites the best scholars ( ) charge to my account the encircled (numbered) and authorities on this subject. Wonderbooks: 1

ful background information on Biblical Name.

sources is offered to readers in a fasAddress cinating, easyto-read style. $4.75 City Zone State

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

AUGUST 1956 551 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

May 1956!1 "/v catedPresidentthe NapaDavidWard—SantaO. McKay dediRosa In ThedividedMIAinto Conferencedepartmental daysessions.was

center. festival (California) Stake The was MIA MusicSpeech

B. susFarnsworth Elder Dean sustained Reiser Elder again presented Taberwas in the Salt Lake A. Hamer

in tained as counselor secondL Urt of the as president (Salt nacle. the Sugar House

UniversityBrigham (Utah) Young

Stake, President succeeding City) Lake in Eight dancers, dancing thousand presidency,Stake succeeding Elder Joseph as called recently T. Oscarson, Harry perfect their perpresented weather,T. recently Bentley, preside called to

president of Mission. Elders the Swedish of the formance DanceDramain MIA the Mission. Northern Mexican new

S. Keith Cole- C. Casper and Weldon festival in of University the Utah Assistant Elder Sonne, to the Alma Oscarserved President with man, who restadium. dance number was (One of the theCouncil dedicated Twelve,

Reiser's as sustained son, President were the that to dancers peated accommodate of thechapel Sioux Branch, City (Iowa) recentcounselors. has Reiser President cancelled in should the danced have States Mission.Northern

as ly president a returned term from of portion performance.) drama The

British of Mission. the titled wellco-ordinated the program was It Elder that Keith announced was(J. as sustained Elder Ahlstrom Paul W. Is for apWishing,"but "Beauty Not to Engar been M. had renamedL to President counselor second J. W. in pears Plays the under Book ofthe MIA of general the board Men's Young

Falls of (Idaho) the O'Bryant Idaho title the Tweeter.""Here Comes Association. Elder ImprovementMutual

Elder succeeding presidency, Stake relays presented allChurch were TheEngar, served the on drama comwho is S. from Elmer moving Crowley who in the stadium. ofmittee the general 1953 board from

stake. the to 1955, has been more recently a memElders Harold B. Lee and Spencer It was announced that Elder Fred W.

ofber bishopric the of the East Twentypresi- as released recently of the Schwendiman, of the Council Kimball (Salt Emigrationseventh Lake W. Ward, Stake, appointed dent been of Wells had the organized Mexican Northern Twelve

Stake.City) of Deseret to the the general board of the portions Mission Mexican from

n Elder John Longden, Assistant to Mission. President Joseph Taylor BentSunday School.

L I the Council of the Twelve, dediley was called recently as president of mission. Headquarters the newcated the LDS seminary building at

fortyfifth the mission of this, In/ Theconferencefiftyseventhof the Mutualsannual (June)closed now functioning Arizona.Pima,

President Milton R. Hunter of the in the Church, will be at 1229 Oto in Salt Lake City after general meetFirst Council of the Seventy dedicated Avenida, Madera, Monterrey, N. L., ings on Temple Square.

the chapel of the Sugar City Ward, Mexico. President Ernest L. Wilkinson of

North Rexburg (Idaho) Stake.! j) President Joseph Fielding Smith of Brigham Young University delivered the

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., of 1 L the Council of the Twelve dediaddress on the "Church of the Air"radio

L the First Presidency, dedicated the cated the allChurch softball diamonds broadcast of the Columbia Broadcasting chapel of the Victor (Idaho) Ward, in Salt Lake City. System. Music for the program was reTeton Stake. Among the preJune conference cordedSpeech festival.the night before at the Musicinsti- events a were camp YWMIA of B. the Lee CounHarold Elder H A Salt Choir and Tabernacle Lake The at held Mill Creek Tracy Wigwam, cil of the tute dedicated the Twelve U

its fourteen presented hundredth Organ festival four Canyon, roadshow MIA center. Stake (Salt City) Lake ParkRose

nationover the radio broadcast weekly at performances the Capitol Theatre will Park the building house RoseThe in began networks. program wide The Hall, a Kingsbury and and combinedFirst, wards. Third, Fourth Second, and

Master M Men and Golden Gleaner reJuly 1929 over the National Broadcast-. Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to union. ing Company and then transferred to a

1 the Council of the Twelve, dediSunday morning hour on the Columbia cated the chapel of the Mt. Carmel - The fiftyseventh annual (June) Broadcasting System in September 1932.

(Illinois) Branch, Northern States Mis- 1 d conference of the Young Men's

Improveand Young Mutual Women'ssion.

Associations early-.| q President David O. McKay set Elwith an began ment

m'orning reception on Temple Square 1 der John B. Hawkes apart as second

June 1956 followed by general sessions in the counselor in the Salt Lake Temple presiRay- time Elder dency. the At same tabernacle. of the G. Elder Marion Romney second the formerly Clayton, H. mond twentyfive Nearly hundred young of dedicated the Twelve Council L. Christo El President counselor Ray singers, stakes three 143 representing and of the Fillmore Third chapelthe Wardfirst set counselor, as tiansen, apart was first of missions, perthe presented two stake house.Millard (Utah)

I. Burton succeeding Elder Robert who of formances the MusicSpeech MIA of the Richards Elder CounLeGrand

ill of health. Elder because released was in Festival Salt the Tabernacle. Lakecil of the the dedicated chapel Twelve as recently released been has Hawkes of the evening "Love theme was Theof (Idaho) the Seventh Rexburg Ward.

States president of Central the North of Fellow and Men."God

A"ItTaylerwas andannouncedDorothythatJacobsonLorna hadM. firstRainperformanceforced the ofcancellationthe MIA Danceof the Mission.This was the beginning of the thirtybeen appointed to the general board Drama festival scheduled in the Unithird annual Leadership Week on the

of the Young Women's Mutual Imversity of Utah stadium. campus of Brigham Young University,

provement Association. The allChurch relays were held. Provo, Utah.

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA On the Bookrack WHY THE KING JAMES VERSION (J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Deseret Book Co.,

Salt Lake City, Utah. 1956. 475 pages.

$4.75.)

IN itsturningmany theexhibits,pages citationsof this workand withevidences, one feels the scholarly conviction of a great lawyer being brought to bear on a subject of primary importance to a people who "believe the Bible to be the word of God so far as it is translated correctly."

President Clark has lived with the

Bible a long lifetime, and as he would defend a worthy cause or a worthy client, so has he risen to defend the New

Testament against any alterations or interpretations that would weaken or from the unequivocallead one away of the inspired as to the For Homes or Chapelswitness word living reality of the Lord God, as to literal reality as miracles,the of divine Distinction ofBeauty & literal divinityto the of the Lord Jesus

Christ; and as to the literal reality of

the God. revelations given unto prophets of Build With Brick

President Clark marshals his evidence Low in cost... Low maintenance

the writings range of andfrom a wide... Verfindings scholars, of Biblical he... Permanent beauty which

has skillfully organized and tied tosatile construction... Lower

gether with his own comments and notes insurance rates... Variand conclusions. If for no other reason

this would be a work well worth referety of styles and colors.

ring to for its purview of various versions of the Bible and the sources from For Vitrified Clay Sewer Pipe, Flue which they were taken and the comLining, Fire Brick Drain Pipe or any ments and criticisms that have been clay products see—

made of the various versions.

The author closes this book of long and careful labor with his witness "that The Craftsmen In Clay

Jesus of Nazareth was an historic personality, the greatest... in all the history of the world"; that "He was in the

beginning with God, and that He was divinely conceived and born in mor078 South 1st West '"'-"-—Salt Lake City 8, Utah Dial EM 3-2763

tality to Mary"; that "by his atoning

sacrifice he vicariously... paid the penalty for the fall—that his resurrection

was literal"; and that "by obedience to

his gospel all mankind may be saved, of exalted only, in thenot but kingdom Iw Tkioloqtf? Masted latter in these thatGod; the holy days

can study by mailpriesthood, taken from among men after YOM the mortal days of Christ, has again been restored to earth in this the last Mail To dispensation, and, along with the priestExtensionBrighamDivisionYoung - UniversityHome Study hood, the gospel of Jesus Christ has BYUhome study Provo, Utah been restored."UNIVERSITY CREDIT Name

This is a significant volume from a ON YOUR TIME Street

-- scripturedevoted able of student and State City and UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNG cost Brigham without Please send me his given has scholarship time andwho - Extension Division Home Study catalog. University's STUDY HOME Young

task. to this R.and conviction UTAH L. E. PROVO

AUGUST 1956 553 This very day, get the wonderful allseason oil that conquers both friction and corrosive wear..

CONOCO allseason Super Motor Oil!

fig keep -fhat hew car"%lv t Power with PF* CONOCO guer Gasoline with TCP!

"Ed this new car will keep performing at its powerful best with Conoco Super with TCP!

That's because it contains TCP... still the

greatest gasoline development in 31 years!"

"1 THE ALLSEASON MOTOR OIL IN THE CAN

T"*"..* x, WITH THE GOLD BAND. IT GIVES YOU OILPLATING TO CONQUER FRICTION WEAR...

''A/"AND OILCLEANSING TO STOP CORROSIVE WEAR I

t- "",.,.,, -'''': OILPLATING ACTUALLY PLATES A THIN FILM 'You get fulltime power*>Pbecause TCP neutralOF LUBRICANT TO ENGINE SURFACES, GIVING YOU

izes powerrobbing lead and carbon deposits FULLTIME PROTECTION AGAINST FRICTION I which form on spark plugs and in combustion chambers. You get a 'new high'in octane, too!"

AND OILCLEANSING STOPS CORROSIVE

The PROVED Power Benefits of WEAR BY NEUTRALIZING ENGINE ACIDS..

BY HOLDING MOISTURE IN HARMLESS /. TCP boosts engine power as much SUSPENSION... AND BY SCOOPING UP

as 15 %. PARTICLES OF DIRT, DUST, AND REFUSE J

2. TCP gives you extra gas mileage.

3. TCP ups sparkplug life as much

as 150%. 4. TCP is just like an engine tuneup. America's First

the greatest &#/. DoubleDuty Motor Oil! gasoline development

in 31 years!

Trademark Oil Company, owned 1956.and Continentalpatent appliedOilforCompany.by Shell

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The busy market place owes much to this

A room secluded, down a corridor,

So unobtrusive that one well might miss

It, thinking as one passes: "One room more."

Yet in this room great problems left obscure

For centuries might yield to patient men

In white and sterile guarded, sure gowns—yield And final answers: gifts to Life again.

Both store and office shelves today hold wares

That were unknown a century ago

Physicians'magic amulets. Who dares

Suggest that this is all that we shall know?

This little room, though small in money's worth,

Might bring a vast new healing to the earth!

-H. Armstrong Roberts

AUGUST 1956 555 RAIL FENCE PRAYER HOLLYHOCKS BY THE ROADSIDE

By Alma Robison Higbee By Jennie B. Rawlins By Edith Haroldsen Lovell

For a long, long time the fence has scored P'rayer is the warmth that germinates the Tf orgotten are the hands that planted the hill, seed * these A manmade fence to bound a piece of Of hope, a light upon the face Oldfashioned flowers long ago, land, Of fortitude, a holy, restful place, But seedpods heard the south wind's song

Like faded featherstitching still it stands A psalm of peace the sorrowing heart may And so escaped the garden row.

A makeshift symbol created by the hand read. Now stones nor weeds nor roadside dust

Of one who split the rails of sturdy oak Prayer is itself an answer to a need. Nor weeks without a drop of rain

With poleaxe, wooden mallet, and wedge, Can stay their lovely flowering;

Cutting year again. Each they grow and bloom his timber where the green wind NO HIDING PLACE spoke, fearful ones, there go see them O

Setting pledge. against the years, his own stout By Grace V. Watkins AmongCall themthe guidepoststhistles andif youthe willrocks.

sayFarmers fence are rows hard to mow, country's not the place for men to Tall, stouthearted hollyhocks. theBut rose runs, wild where small Wheat the

hide, quail brown prairies where the wheat fields lie in YOUNG CREATURES Hides her nest while hunters go, For come and green rail. sheltered coveyThe a handsplit by

possess majesty And golden a wide Rail By Anobel Armour fences are best, with shadows in beso Openness quickly seen. a man is tween,

justice integrity and are strong God'sWhere wee people are rpiiE flecked, the dappled touch my heart, the of hearts safe in meadow AndWithin prairie feet whose men green. Yes, lovely every thing, a walked land Have where dreams are deep

freckled trout, the spotted The fawn, and long THIS LOVE IS MY speckled thrush's The wing is as honor sturdy as And the wheat.

if But even they should escape the Barker law, Grace Wilson By is perhaps This the because young, Wrongdoers find never content or peace fur to feather, Born and is In country the where love: the horizons broad of wideness the desert draw myThis flecked Are as their dappled and mark soul to sense The eternal verities. first In the of white hours early mornlovely altogether. And the Companioned by prairie ing, wheat and

When the long horizons are pushed backsod, ward A man is somehow face to face with God. YOU WILL COME

To melt into infinity of heaven.

IN A TEMPLE OF THE LORD By Christie Lund Coles

This is my love: the skies aflame at sunset By Ruth I. Devereaux bear will to think r cannot that you come

colors the palette,With from Master * this Into find room, someday, and meReflecting the barren on peaks this was garden and mesas TJushed created by man gone,

In brilliance to unbelievable strangers. of skill, color -H Of pigment, and its laughter final Our having reached sum,

Depicting the scenes first the world when all opening doors The closed, the shades is love:This silver the shine of my moonbegan darkdrawn;

light exist, through God's To will. heavenly I And you who watched eagercome, with it softens scarsAs of harsh erosion, ness

lends air ofAnd an mystery magic and I stood there, as its cast earliest light dawn morning, or noon, Each nighttime, will be blur horizons in closing theTo shadows. tall, Through sculptured windows, and saw still,

of The glories talent, artistic in delight, While you will call in vain, and turn and QUESTION OF SUMMER Adroit hands inspired were to draw. press

face against Your the hill. to the window Elaine V. By Emans in There, corner, one a waterfall tossed I yet, leave this And you against the day

Its surplus in crystalline spray falter will for for sun Whose a while you first regret do you leaves yellow aSummer, halfhidden stream, To green velvet emdreams, words;.the.. and My love, my my O emerald, as your grieves Among a bossed, woman way

silverOver in her or gold new Catching brown wisteria tears its way. on together, sang and spoke smile; and We myHair, is thinking surely she old? growing faith in But most, eternity an my

Graceful -necked swans skimmed the mirrorWrought by our endless hope... and

like pool;Or do you smile, and know the best is still memory.

To come: the ripening, the golden hill On the bank, a lioness played

Of right perspective, and the full and sharWith her cub, while a lamb, dressed in ing erminewhite wool, NIGHT NURSE

Time, for which all the rest is but preparExpectantly watched, unafraid.

ing? By Catherine E. Berry

Like echoes of last evening's radiant sunset,

LET QUIET STARS HANG LOW Flamingo wings, tinting their way, Ohe may not see the moon in silver flight,

Descended near huge arms of driftwood, Nor watch the stars ride down the sky,

By Ramoncita Sayer O'Connor mosswet No table set with gleaming candlelight,

With dewpearled gems on display. Nor winding roads where shadows lie.

r et quiet stars hang low when I depart, *-* So their bright light may beckon me as Time claims no space where tranquility But she can ease the suffering of those now. reigns, Whom pain has caught within its web,

Gladly will I leave this earth to feel No mark of confusion, nor trace Within her hands she holds the sacred

Their cool, clear, touch upon my brow. Of earthly desires. Here nature attains power

Its splendor in beauty and grace. Of guarding life when heartbeats ebb.

Oh, let the leaves weave patterns on the sky

Of fragile black, and then in moonlight I walked, in this garden created by man, Until the dawn has tinged the sky with shod In rapture, as they might have known light,

I can pluck a garment as I pass Who came, as fulfilment of heavenly plan, She keeps her vigil through the long darkAnd clad in beauty go to meet my God. To inhabit their first garden home. night.

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA gS3S5S5S&5

steji&s

"That You May Instruct More Perfectly"

by President David O. McKay

AndshallI giveteachuntooneyouanothera commandmentthe doctrinethatof youthe teachers:There arefirst,threeget thingsinto thewhichsubject;mustsecond,guide getall

kingdom. that subject into you; third, try to lead your

pouring "Teach ye diligently and my grace shall attend pupils to get the subject into them—not

you, that you may be instructed more perfectly in it into them, but leading them to see what you theory, in principle, in doctrine, in the law of the see, to know what you know, to feel what you gospel, in all things that pertain unto the kingfeel.

dom of God, that are expedient for you to underEvery teacher must be prepared on his or her stand; lesson when he or she meets those boys and girls

of presentation for, class; you, your of the mind

earth, in and and in heaven things both "Of in truth the attitude lesson, toward your that things been, have things earth; which the under boys'the largely and will determine lesson that to shortly come must things are, which which

it attitude their toward girls'attitude and toward things which at are home, things pass; which

If turn them in general. activity you Church of the perplexities the and the wars are abroad; their in youthfeeling the class after with away the are on which the judgments nations, and nothing received by they ful that have hearts of of and countries also a knowledge land; and to getting in difficulty will them find coming, you

kingdoms come back the following week. But on the other

"That ye may be prepared in all things when hand, if you have thrilled them, or if unable to

I shall send you again to magnify the calling do that, if you have given them one thought whereunto I have called you, and the mission which has appealed to them, you will find that with which I have commissioned you."(D & C their intention and desire to return will be mani88:7780.) fest by their presence one week later.

We are a Church of teachers. In the LatterAfter you have presented some idea in your

day Saint home the father and mother are class which awakens a thought in a child's mind, required to be teachers of the word—expressly rehave you ever noticed how eagerly that little child

quired so by the revelation of the Lord. Every seeks for recognition in order that he may answer

auxiliary organization, every quorum, is made up any questions you may ask?

of a body of men and women or of men who are Simply reading the lesson manual before time in the ultimate sense of the word, teachers; thereis not enough. In so doing I have not yet made

fore this revelation refers to all. that lesson mine, and until it is mine, until I feel

The great obligation upon a teacher is to be that I have a message to give to my class memprepared to teach. A teacher cannot teach others bers, I am not prepared as the Lord has asked me

that which he himself does not know. He canto prepare when he calls upon me to give his

not make his students feel what he does not feel word. It must be mine; what I want to give to

himself. He cannot attempt to lead a young the boys and girls is what will count when I

man or young woman to obtain a testimony of meet them. I can make that lesson in a manual

the gospel of God if the teacher does not have mine by study, faith, and prayer.

that testimony himself or herself. (Concluded on following page)

6MNC>C\CVCyNNNC AUGUST 1956 The Editor's Page (Concluded from preceding page) And fifth, to awaken love for the gospel of Jesus Christ.

About "the spirit of teaching,"I wish to say just this: Obedience to it brings happiness in this life and salvaOne day, after the Lord had been crucified, Peter tion and possible exaltation throughout eternity.

said, "I am going fishing."He knew the business of

fishing; he was a fisherman. But he did not see clearly "A builder builded a temple,

what his mission was as a fisher of men. And Thomas He wrought it with grace and skill;

and some of the others said, "We also go with thee."Pillars and groins and arches

And one morning we find them with a great net full of All fashioned to work his will.

fishes, with a fire and loaves, and find them eating Men said, as they saw its beauty, and the Lord is in their midst, saying, "Simon Peter, son It shall never know decay;

of Jonas, lovest thou me more than these?..."Great is thy skill, O Builder!

(I will not enter into a discussion of what "these"Thy fame shall endure for aye.

means. I am going to take it for granted that the Lord

had in mind temporal blessings and wealth.) "A teacher builded a temple

"Simon,... lovest thou me more than these?"With loving and infinite care,

"Yea, Lord; thou knowest I love thee."Planning each arch with patience,

"Feed my lambs."(See John 21:15.) Laying each stone with prayer.

There is the secret of the spirit of teaching. Feed None praised her unceasing efforts,

plan, of her wondrous None knew girl.the are inthe Let the boy you know boy—feed temple For the the teacher builded street, letterested in him. meet on the him you When

him know that you are interested in him. Let love Was unseen by the eyes of man.

radiate from your heart, and then you have a good ele- "Gone is the builder's temple, ment in which to sow the seeds of truth which will Crumpled into the dust;

bear fruit in that boy's life, which will eventually give Low lies each stately pillar him immortality and eternal life, which is in very deed Food for consuming rust.

the glory of God. But the temple the teacher builded

Teachers, do you realize what possibilities you have? Will last while the ages roll,

Somewhere I have written down these possibilities that For that beautiful unseen temple teachers should realize always, that they probably have Was a child's immortal soul."

it within their power to awaken in some heart or perhaps in many hearts:—Author unknown—from

First, the desire to achieve mastery over weak and Masterpieces of Religious selfish indulgence. Verse, p. 1661

Second, the power to prepare one to face a life with courage, to meet disaster with fortitude, and to face The ultimate aim of Church activity is to aid in bringdeath without fear. ing to pass, under the inspiration and guidance of the

Third, to develop virile manhood, beautiful womanLord, the immortality and the eternal life of man. We

hood. Oh, how the world needs them! have as the direct and immediate purpose the establishFourth, to implant within many souls at least the ing in the hearts of young and old a testimony of the

promise of a friend in each, or of a companion who divinity of God's work, without which eternal life canlater may be fit for a husband or wife, who will be fit not be obtained for "This is life eternal, to know thee, to be an exemplary father or a loving, intelligent mother. the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast

That is your privilege, teacher. sent."(See John 17:3.)

mms

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OP THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The Keys of Missionary Work

"Will you please tell us which of the anfore the organization of the Church. It is true that

cient prophets came and restored the keys John the Baptist had conferred upon them the keys of of missionary work?"the Aaronic Priesthood before the Melchizedek Priesthood was restored. This was necessary because the time

The keys or power to go forth and prohad come for them to be baptized and hold this priestclaim the gospel was restored to Joseph hood preparatory to the coming of the higher priest1Smith and Oliver Cowdery when Peter, James, and John hood. We read in the Doctrine and Covenants that

conferred upon them the Melchizedek Priesthood, beID & C 84:2627.

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Aaronic Priesthood holds the keys of the preparadiscourse in this dispensation. The meeting was by aptory gospel; that is to say, the teaching of faith, repointment in the home of "Father"Peter Whitmer."

pentance, and baptism for the remission of sins. This Early in the month of June, Samuel Harrison Smith,

authority was given on the fifteenth day of May, 1829, brother of the Prophet, started on what may be called but there was no commandment given for Joseph Smith the first missionary journey for the Church. 7 From that

and Oliver Cowdery to go forth to teach and baptize time forth others were appointed to take missionary until the Church was organized, although a few earnest journeys into all parts of the Eastern States, Canada, souls who were acquainted with the restoration had and many of the Southern states; branches were soon

sought baptism and had been baptized. It remained for organized in all of these parts. In this same year and

Peter, James, and John to come with the keys of the the following year many missionaries were appointed to

Melchizedek Priesthood to complete the authority to travel two by two to the North, the East, and the South, proclaim the gospel to the world. and even to carry the gospel to the Lamanites. Thomas

When the Savior ordained his apostles and seventy at B. Marsh, Ezra Thayer, Northrop Sweet, Parley P. Pratt,

the beginning of his ministry, he gave them the authority Ziba Peterson, Orson Pratt, and many others were called to go forth, first to the lost sheep of the house of Israel, to the mission field. In the fall of 1830, Oliver Cowdery

P. Pratt a mission others Parley were and ". and sent on is atsaying, hand. Heal of heaven.. The kingdom

8 the of Missouri. western borders to the on Lamanites cast cleanse raise the outthe sick, dead, the lepers,

devils: freely ye have received, freely give."2 But their In the closing months of the year 1832, the Lord called

ministry at first, or until after his resurrection, was conthe missionaries who were out preaching to return that fined to the "lost sheep of the house of Israel."After his they might be endowed and receive further light, and

resurrection he said to them: "Go ye into all the world, then they were to return to the mission fields with greater

and preach the gospel to every creature. power and knowledge concerning the work of proselyt-

"He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but ing. They were to teach "one another the doctrine of

he that believeth not shall be damned."3 This was their the kingdom,"that they might be instructed "more percall and the authority he gave to them to carry the mesfectly in theory, in principle, in doctrine, in the law of

sage into all the world, with all the keys of authority the gospel, in all things that pertain unto the kingdom of

God,"that was expedient for their understanding. Theyfor the salvation of mankind. It was the Savior in

that day who bestowed the authority of the missionary were to prepare themselves with knowledge, "Of things work, and in the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times, both in heaven and in earth, and under the earth; things

which have been, things which are, things which musthe sent Peter, James, and John to restore this authority and send forth the word of eternal life into all the shortly come to pass; things which are at home, things

world. which are abroad; the wars and the perplexities of the

nations, and the judgments which are on the land; and Even before the restoration of the gospel and the or- a knowledge also of countries and of kingdoms—"They

ganization of the Church, the Lord called men to go were to do this that they might be better prepared when forth as missionaries for the Church, but cautioned them the "to out again magnify should send Lord them 4 the untilthat they were to wait the Church was ordained. calling called the mission you, with I have whereunto and

9To the Prophet's father, who came seeking to know the which I have commissioned you."

will of the Lord, the Lord gave a revelation which apAfter they had received this endowment, the Lord deplies to all those who receive the priesthood. In this clared:

revelation he said: "Behold, I sent you out to testify and warn the people,

"Therefore O ye that embark in the service of God, and it becometh every man who hath been warned to see that ye serve him with all your heart, might, mind warn his neighbor.

and strength, that ye may stand blameless before God "Therefore, they are left without excuse, and their sins at the last day. are upon their own heads."10

* * * This commission to go forth which was given in the be- "For behold the field is white already to harvest; and ginning is still in force and binding on every missionary

lo, he that thrusteth in his sickle with his might, the who goes forth today to declare the gospel of salvation same layeth up in store that he perisheth not, but bringto the world.

eth salvation to his soul."5

On April 11, 1830, the first Sunday after the organizaOr*z<jip?xst$-

tion of the Church, Oliver Cowdery opened the door for the missionary work by preaching the first public 2Matt. 10:7-8. See Luko 10:1-11. ''EssentialsHbid., p. 103.In Church History, p. 95.

3Mark 16:1516. Hbid., p. 112.

11:2128. 88:7780. *D & C BD & C

4:2, Hbid., 8182. 4. 10Ibid., Verses

AUGUST 1956 559 Loyalty*

by President David O. McKay

SUPERINTENDENT CURTIS and COUnselors, members of the Young

Men's Mutual Improvement Association general board, President

Reeder and counselors, members of the Young Women's general board, members of the General Authorities present, distinguished guests, and members of the Mutual Improvement

Association here assembled and in the world: I greet you on this most inspirational occasion.

It has been my good fortune to be associated with the Mutual Improvement Association directly and indirectly all my life since I was twelve years of age, and as a member of the

Mutual Improvement Association in the Huntsville Ward, activities of which I recall at this moment, clearly, with appreciation and profit. During—Deseret News Photo

the intervening years, numbering now President David O. McKay speaks on "Loyalty"in the Salt Lake Tabernacle well

three score, my comprehension of the filled with conference attenders.

greatness of this organization has inThis is have no policies. of this ordark. greatness the We I comprehend but I think expanded,creased and

if for your help, calling where I think I am ganization. my comprehenwith more impressed beennever have

the significance, with the comprehension is clearer, more nearly correct I may. You could help me by ansiveness, with the value of this orthan ever before. I am not alone, swering a few questions. Please, sir,

is your limit set by the age I think, realization, what in the however, Improvement Mutualganization—the department? people's What appreciates the young of us truly that none and to the Church Association—to

the world as at this moment. value of the Mutual Improvement Asdoes the department expect of its

I think there are too few in the sociation. members? What part does the degen- play in the Church partment about nothing Suppose you knew important how Church who realize

are the goals erally or locally? What you Suppose knew organization. extenthis is and this organization how

sive is its influence, and how potent nothing about the various departset by the department? If it is at all

athpossible, sir, I should like a copy of that influence is upon the lives of ments—drama, music, speech,

asked your young people's department conyoung men and young women letics, literature—and you were

throughout the world. to prepare something for your young stitution. I would gladly bear the

I remember my first impression as people, and you were animated with cost. If your department has a man-

I stood on the South Rim of the great a sincere hope to do something. Could ual, I would be glad to have a copy

Grand Canyon, with the Colorado you for a moment conceive of the of that, too."

River seemingly a winding ribbon greatness of detail? I think not. What a comprehensive view that

down in the depths of that chasm. My That was brought home to me the earnest appeal gives to you members

dominant impression was that I was other day when I received a letter of what you already have! Now here

is is a glimpse of your responsibility benot comprehending its greatness, and from a young man who I am sure conit. This do have cause man though of you, you as as some eager I started just confirmed that when was

I am tinues: why "You someto do may wonder Church, in the not he is to the bottom leading the trail down

of that great gorge. Then the dething for the youth of his church. writing to you folk for information.

tails and its vastness began to dawn This is what he said: I have for some time admired the

upon me. "At present I am serving on my deintegrity of your people and am conSo it is this morning as I try to partment's general committee. The vinced that this sort of people must

purpose of this committee is to formuhave a good Church government.

David delivered by President (Address session of general the MIAO. McKayJune late policies and to carry out these Also, I have rented motels from your the opening at

Conference, Salt Lake Tabernacle, Friday, June 15, policies. At this point we are in the people (I could tell by the Book of 1956, 9:30 a.m.)

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mormon in all units) and found them dousdn their effect upon the future because there were other influences, very helpful. I could name many welfare of humanity. Yours is the unfortunate and destructive in kind,

instances, but I think the few I have responsibility to send out the lifeoperating upon her life.

mentioned are enough to qualify you line to stranded nations and carry loyalties, these to cherish make if will."liberty THoto of peace, the forward help us banner you

ideals, these the -* popular world is responsibility will for baffled to reach the Yours as a guide and good out into the world and extend this nations to follow. It is the youth of needs men and women of unimpeacheffective organization to others outtoday who, taught in the ways of able character. In the words of Ridside of your realm. morality and in the strength of dell:

I should like to direct my remarks spiritual attainment, must stand "The crying need of the hour is this morning to just one phase of adament against the false ideologies manhood, not legislation, not organMutual Improvement work. I hold that would undermine the tried and ization, not agitation, but men—men

in my hand the June Conference protested ideals and truths of the piowho can stand in the presence of gram. On the cover is a picture of a neers who worshipped the God of Christ and truthfully say: 'The place

bride and bridegroom. In the rear truth, and chose the gospel of Jesus that I occupy does not need reformare sketches of happy family life. Christ as their philosophy of life. ing.'Men, who are ready and willThe caption underneath is, "Be Honing to begin the reformation of the

est With Yourself."That is a mesThe leadership that is demanded world in their own hearts. Men who

sage from the general Church priestof youth today is not attained by can say to "the struggling brother:

'Follow me.'first It given committee.hood was fostered nor chance by indulgence—

is is significance, great there There at E. the Elder Petersenby Mark it careful preparation demands as we

not, in that caption: "Be Honest With April 7,general priesthood meeting, as so already have heard and was

It is Yourself."to going placed be represented the1956, Church who preparation graphically presented—a in every meetinghouse, every chapelservice the serving committee, under constantly that impregbe should

direction of the general priesthood nated, if you please, by the sweet throughout the Church and throughthe so world, out that every man, of thecommittee Church. spirit loyalties of four implied by the

its child it in see woman, and may it this Yourself."caption, morning with the I mention "Be Honest With

commendation of the general superinLoyalty to parents follows the first, attractive form, and please pause and tendency of the Young Men's and loyalty to self. Our debt to our parread what you find on the back of

excellent mesprogram—thatgeneral presidency of the Young ents is unpayable except in one way your

sage in regard to it.

Women's Associations for incorpoand that is in emulating their ideals Man has a dual nature; one is rerating in their Mutual Improvement and bringing joy to them in their

lated to the earthly or animal life;program this method of appeal to the old age and satisfaction to those who

the other is akin to the divine, ayouth of the Church to live to the have gone before in seeing that we direct of divinity. offspring Whether

ourselves cleanhighest keep and wholesome. and best within them—in world, remains the animal a man to country. loyalty graphpresented Third,mighty influence, A great

ically and attractively, not only to writer has said that "the destiny of yielding without effort to the whim the youth of the Church, but also to any nation at any given time deof his appetites and passions and all adults in the Church. I am conpends on the opinions of its young slipping farther and farther into the

vinced also, that that message to be men under five and twenty."Apply realm of indulgence, or whether

selfmastery through towards he rises is I fact self it as to applicable a totrue accept equally that truth—and intellectual, spiritual moral, enand

in of as well the the adults Imthe influenceour Mutual Church as—to joyment, the choice depends upon the Associationto the hunyouth. provement upon

dreds of thousands of young men he makes every day, every hour, of his earthly existence."If I were a voice—a persuasive throughout this Church.

voice "Man has two creators,"says Wilto truth. loyalty Fourth, and God liam "his George Jordan, and God travel world the could wideThat

belief in equality brotherand Our first himself. creator furnishes The through,

is is heritage Christian a hood and life of the his material raw himI fly of the the mornwould on beams vital gospel a force in restored the the laws conformity and with which light, ing is It responsibility of Christ. the Jesus

life will. that he can he make what gentle to a speak withAnd men

its of to the educate Church memis creator himself. second The He might,

is bers realize to that unno man rarely has marvelous powers he tell to true."he themAnd

is that soul every wanted, and unique is It realizes. a of what makes man (Charles MacKay)

life of live to a has momentup made himself,""that continues Jordan,

Oeing true means loyalty; loyalty ous chances which will make or mar counts."

*-* means fidelity. Its synonyms are: his own life and the life of the comfaithfulness, allegiance, constancy, munity and mankind in general. lVTow to you young folk, we need not

homage. Its antonyms are: treason, I pause a moment on that thought -* * shut our eyes to the fact that too

treachery, perfidy.—that no person is unwanted. I remany respond to the call of the physiYoung men and young women, call one young girl who felt that she cal because it seems the easy and

yours is not the call to fight the hoswas. She joined the MIA, but somenatural thing to do. Too many are

tile Indians, to build stockades, nor body failed to make her feel that seeking short cuts to happiness. It

to point the plow for the first time she was part of that group. We have should always be kept in mind that

into the sterile, stubborn glebe as our lost her because we failed in that one that which is most worth while in grandparents had to do; but you face thing. I am not blaming the presilife requires effort, strenuous effort.

problems equally great and stupendent of the Mutual nor the teacher, (Continued on following page)

AUGUST 1956 561 sow their wild oats but that young

Loyalty women should be chaperoned and guarded. Even in the matter of

(Continued from preceding page) train. It is vulgar to wear dirty chaperonage there is too much laxity

"Enter ye in at the strait gate: for linen when one is not engaged in (if recent reports are to be relied

wide is the gate, and broad is the dirty work; it is vulgar to like poor upon) on the part of parents, and

way, that leadeth to destruction, and music, to read weak books, to feed young women are given too free limany there be which go in thereat: on sensational newspapers, to trust cense.

"Because strait is the gate, and to patent medicines, to find amuseIn the Church of Jesus Christ there narrow is the way, which leadeth ment in trashy novels, to enjoy vulis but one standard of morality. No

unto life, and few there be that find gar theatres, to find pleasure in cheap young man has any more right to sow it."(Matthew 7:1314.) jokes, to tolerate coarseness and his wild oats in youth than has a

Persons who condemn their will to looseness in any of its myriad forms. young girl. He who comes to the

the service of their appetites suffer But we find the corrosion of vulgarity bishop to ask for a recommend to take the penalty. You will never escape everywhere, and its poison enters a pure girl to the altar is expected

that law. In the words of Charles every home. The billboards of our to give the same purity he expects

Wagner in The Simple Life: cities are covered with its evidence; to receive. That is the message of

"Let your needs rule you, pamper our newspapers are redolent with it; the Mutual Improvement Association

will story multiply see it; our reek our books with them of to the young of thousands hundredsthem—you

like insects sun. schools tainted are more with in the it; and we The this orare influenced by men who

you give them, the more they decannot keep it out of our homes or ganization.

mand."our churches or our colleges."A young woman crowned with virWe can keep it out of our lives. tue is the "highest, holiest, most prenever see the picture of a woman We may hear the vulgar joke, but cious gift to man."A woman who

I with a cigaret in her mouth but I we need not laugh, and certainly we barters her virtue "is not one of the think of the slave she is becoming, need not repeat it. We can try to least of man's shames."

and I thought it this morning when forget it, but sometimes it lingers on. Disloyalty: When, instead of high

I saw one of the leaders of a great Just a word about drinking and moral principles, a life of immoral organization in that condition. Wagpetting parties, as being untrue to indulgence is chosen and a man or

ner did not say that, but he says this: self. I think it is right, indeed eswoman gets far down in the scale of

"He is senseless who seeks for hapsential, to their happiness that young degeneracy, disloyalty is an inevitable piness in material prosperity alone. people meet in social parties, but it is part of his or her nature. Loyalty to

*** Our needs, in place of the servan indication of low morals when parents becomes quenched; obedience

ants they should be, have become a for entertainment they must resort to to their teachings and ideals abanturbulent and seditious crowd, a lephysical stimulation and debasement. doned; loyalty to wife and children

gion of tyrants in miniature. A man Such indulgence weakens your charsmothered in base gratification; loyalty

enslaved to his needs may best be acter, discredits your family name, to Church is impossible and is supcompared to a bear with a ring in robs your future wife or husband of planted by a sneer at its teachings.

its nose that is led about and made a priceless treasure, and sows seed The perpetrator is then left to himto dance at will. The likeness is not that may ripen into bitter fruit of self to kick against the pricks and

flattering, but you will grant that it marital suspicion, unhappiness, and fight against God.

is true."divorce. This is not a moral denunciation.

In their yearning for a good time, A girl who sacrifices selfrespect for It is merely expressing what you may young people are often untrue to social popularity debases true womansee and hear around you anywhere, themselves by indulging in things hood. A spotless character, founded if you but look and listen.

which appeal only to the baser side upon the ability to say no in the Finally a man who is untrue to of humanity, four of the most compresence of those who mock and jeer, himself—and a woman also—becomes

mon of which are: vulgarity, drinking wins the respect and love of men and irreverent. When there is moral

and petting parties, unchastity, and woman whose opinion is most worthlooseness to which I have just referirreverence. while. Drinking and petting parties red, irreverence is an inevitable conVulgarity is often the first step form an environment in which the sequence. No man will rise high

down the road of indulgence. To be moral sense becomes dulled and the who jeers at sacred things.

vulgar is to give offense to good taste reins of unbridled passion loosened. When Mr. Landon (Eli Perkins),

or refined feelings. A young man who It then becomes easy to take the final was preparing his volume on Kings of

would tell a vulgar joke in the presstep downward in moral disgrace. the Platform and Pulpit, he wrote to

ence of ladies discloses a nature leanColonel Robert G. Ingersoll for a

ing toward that which is low and A word about chastity, and being copy of his most famous lecture. In

coarse. A girl who would encourage *- true to self. The test of true a letter which accompanied the

it and laugh at it is taking a step womanhood comes when woman manuscript, Mr. Ingersoll said:

toward that which is crude and unstands innocent at the court of chas- "Whatever you do,"he said to Mr.

refined, to say the least. tity. All qualities are crowned by this Perkins, "don't put anything into the

Most of you have read David Starr most precious virtue of beautiful book against Christ. I may have

Jordan's denunciation of this vice. womanhood. It is the most vital part said silly things about him when a

I quote: in the foundation of a happy married boy in Peoria, Illinois, but I now re-

"Vulgarity weakens the mind and life. It is a common saying throughgard him as the one perfect man."

thus brings all other weakness in its out the world that young men may (Continued on page 606) 562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA II bottle struck a rock and The perfume over its enticing fragrance the Hi i: spattered

lambs, and before I could collect my wits to snatch the other bobbles, Bumpkin and

Pumpkin had pranced them into the ooze.

s

mm.

Night 6 The >itf *fCV HOME by Yvonne Child Hiss SYNOPSIS This is a tale told by a younger hacienda in the south field—that is, "What's that you said, George?"

of pink a bottle money"—notablysister: of how she has extracted "hush a continuous rectangular coop with Mama asked incredulously. a patio in the center for the chickens'"Why I was just stating that it's handkerchief perfume and a blue

from older sister Yolanda who has a outdoor exercise. There was only one high time we had a good lawyer in

a Bereau, with Val romance budding title like wasn't to the field Mr. Bereau."town drawback—the very story concerns a lawyer. The

build After couldn't dinner on it clear, and Papa Papa and Val took a Friday beginning with end, long week evening—the family's night home until it was. drive towards town to see if the

the farm is marooned on Val when rain because family has That's how Val won Papa over. bridge was in yet. with the

washed out the bridge to town. He, being a lawyer, explained to Yolanda and I helped Mama clear

Papa how he could get the title the dishes. I was coming back when

cleared. I heard my name mentioned.

Conclusion That day at dinner Papa said to "Mother,"Yolanda was complainall is a ing, sneaks into "she my things she then wants, something and findsTheBereaunexton a daygrandPapatour oftookthe farmMr. Mama,fine and"Youusefulknow,profession.Mother,It'slawa good

and introduced him personally to thing we have a lawyer in town at she threatens to do all sorts of emthe chickens. No doubt you've conlast. Why, Mr. Bereau here says he barrassing things unless I give it to

cluded by now that Papa was encan help me get clear title to the her. For the sake of family pride

thusiastic about chickens. At that south field. Yes, sir, a lawyer is just you ought to do something about that

time he was nurturing a revolutionary what we needed."child."

idea. He wanted to build a chicken We couldn't believe our ears. (Continued on page 602)

AUGUST 1956 563 MIA READING COURSE: JESUS THE CHRISTII

Before This World, What?

by Doyle L. Green

MANAGING EDITOR

i bu young people of 1956 live in actually destroy nothing. Matter is

a different world from the one indestructible. No learned man will

your parents lived in but a few deny that this is true.

years ago. Among the evidences of How, then, can anyone say that

this different world are expressions life can be created or destroyed? One

which are commonplace to you but moment a person can be a living, which your parents, when they were vital thing, full of energy, smiling, young, knew little about. thinking, talking; then a moment

You talk of hot rods and jet prolater, after a gun shot, an accident, pulsion, of splitting the atom and an explosion, or a shock he may be a say piece fallout, fission, nuclear of atomic of clay. We and lifeless—justis dead. Hiroshima, wood, At of he isotopes. radioactive wide use The

such terms indicates how far man steel, concrete, glass, human bodies, has progressed in a few years in unand many other things that go to derstanding the laws of chemistry and make up a city were obliterated, but physics. the elements still existed. Is it reaBut there are some basic laws which sonable to believe that whatever it

your parents knew when they were was that made up life in those huyoung and for which scientists are man bodies—the intelligence that

finding more and more support. One formed the city itself—could have

of these states that matter cannot be been destroyed?

created or destroyed. This is called It is part of our basic belief that

the law of the indestructibility of life has always existed. Like matter

matter. it cannot be created or destroyed.

Matter does change form, it is true, Birth is merely a change from a and sometimes it appears as if it is former life into this one. Death is a

being destroyed. When we make a change from this life into a future

fire from sticks on which to cook our one. This is a precious truth that

dinner in the mountains or when we every young person will want to light the gas in our kitchen range, we learn for himself.

bring about a change in matter, but we do not destroy it. All of the ele- "Most of the accounts of Jesus begin

ments that were in the fuel still - with his birth in a manger in exist in the form of ashes, carbon, or Bethlehem. But the true story of

gases. In a laboratory a scientist can the Savior must start long before

collect or account for every ounce of that. The complete account is not

a pound of coal that he burns. written in any one of our standard

On August 6, 1945, the first atom works but must be pieced together bomb was dropped on the city of from information given in the Old

Hiroshima in Japan. The results and New Testaments of the Holy

were astounding. Near where the Bible, the Book of Mormon, the Docbomb hit everything was flattened. trine and Covenants, and the Pearl of

Nearly half the city was devastated Great Price.

by a single blast. Since that time There are still many things about

bombs have been developed with the preexistent world that we do ten, twenty, some say one hundred not know, but enough precious truths times the power of the Hiroshima have been given to add much to our bomb, still the greatest explosion that knowledge and understanding of this man has or ever will set off will great story.

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Eva Luoma Photos

The early verses of the Gospel of Jesus said, "Behold I am Jesus Christ

John in the New Testament tell us the Son of God. I created the heavens

that Jesus existed with God from the and the earth and all things that in beginning. 1 This fact is also told in them are."5

many other places in scriptures; for How long we existed as spirits we

example, Paul, writing to the Colosdo not know. Neither do we undersians, said that Christ was "the firststand much about the activities we

born of every creature."2 Speaking to engaged in there. But we do know

the Nephites Christ himself said that we learned and grew and "... I was with the Father from the progressed, exercising free agency in

beginning."3 He was God's first all things. Some spirits were more

spirit child. faithful than others.

You and I were also born as spirit Our Heavenly Father, allpowerful children of our Father in heaven. and allwise, loved his children dearJesus was our elder brother in a very ly. We can get somewhat of an

real sense. Although the scriptures idea of how much he loved us by

are silent on the subject, it is generally thinking of how much our earthly believed in the Church, and is exparents love us or how much we pressed in one of our favorite hymns, love them. In his great love and in-

"O My Father,"that we were born finite mercy he wanted us to be hapof a heavenly mother. py, to grow in wisdom, in knowledge,

Even this was not the beginning and in goodness, to be given the of our existence. We had always chance to have experiences wnich he

existed in a condition we know little had had, and do the things which about, but which is referred to by the he had done.

scriptures as intelligence. But God And so he had worked out a great

clothed us with spirit bodies, and we plan: All of us, his spirit children,

became his children. would have the opportunity of going

In that life Jesus played a most imto another world where we could portant role, so important, in fact, continue our progression. As a part

that he assisted God the Father in all of this development we would be the creations. John says that "All tested and tried to see if we, acting

things were made by him; and withas free agents as we had been used

out him was not anything made that to doing in the spirit world, would was made."4 Again to the Nephites do all things which our Father reSee John 1:1-5. quired of us.

2See Col. 1:15. (Continued on page 582)

3See 3 Nephi 9:15.

4See John 1:3. =3 Nephi 9:15.

AUGUST 1956 565 The Babylonian Background

ii There Were JaredtfesWithlike yourto placepermissionside by Isidewouldbefore you two descriptions of a by Dr. Hugh Nibley

remarkable type of boat; the one is BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

from the book of Ether, the other from Professor Hilprecht's study of the 'ark'as depicted in three versions thus they were driven before the wind.'a certain class of boats really had such a

of the Babylonian flood story, to (6:8.) shape.'

'. '... "Thirteenth,. they "Five, times the were principal distinguishing many text xvi a fourth (No. addwhich we

.'.. of sea, in the buried depths the of feature (6:6.) a roof... the boat (was). magur let First Reader).in Gadd's me pre-

... buried they in or of the were in deep the that deck when boat We notice feaof peculiarsent dozen a list some there that Biblical the water in could hurt no as the.. was them, version Babylonian

tures of a Jaredite ship in the words their vessels being tight like unto a dish, great stress is laid on the preparation of a and roughly in the order in which and also they were tight like unto the ark proper "roof"or "cover"... "Cover it with

they are given in the second and of Noah...'(6:7.) '... and no monster strong deck,"(Nippur Version, li. 9.) "...

the neither sea could break them, as strong earth"with the as whale a deck or "letsixth chapters of Ether: of

... that could like (See them. its deck vault mar (6:10.) be strong the of heaven

Ether 2 and 6.) above."'(Second Ninevah Version, lis. 2f.)

"First, they were built 'after the manner "Six, the lines containing 'a brief statement of barges which ye have hitherto built.'"Now with all this in mind, let us concerning the measures of the ark'have

in is, except some 2:16.) (Ether That in version. effaced the been Nippur The thirteen through our points pargo again,

design these boatsticulars not a were new 'Its First text says simply: Nineveh measin the order, same but this time with familiar established followed an andbut its in proportion, ures be length width and

pattern—these really were such boats. reference to the Babylonian descripshall correspond.'Since only one ark was

"Second, they were built 'according to tions of the magur boat that Utbuilt, as against eight Jaredite vessels, one the instructions of the Lord.'(2:16.) Napitshtim built to survive the flood. would hardly expect the dimensions to be

"Third, '... they were exceeding tight, Throughout we shall confine ourselves the same.

like unto hold water that they wouldeven tight thereof to quoting Hilprecht verbatim, lest we veh"Seven,Version'Furthermorethe boat...in hasthe a Firstdoor Nineto be was the bottom anda dish;

like unto a dish; and the sides thereof were be suspected of stretching a point here shut during the storm flood.'The various

tight like unto a dish;...'(2:17.) and there. Each feature in the folnames for the boat 'designate "a boat which

"Fourth, '... and the ends thereof were lowing list corresponds to something can be closed by a door,"i.e., practically a

the in expressed "houseboat,".'Hebrew.. (2:17.)peaked. designated the in by same number

story Egyptian "ark"loanword, Tevah, by an 29 '... thereof the top "Fifth, and list. was the Ether originally chest, coffin,""box, meaning an

.. dish. like a.'(2:17.)tight unto

its is of essential or part "cover"which '... length the thereof was "Sixth, and "lid."class 'This of boats "One, are quoting (we

tree.'of they were a 'Andthe length (2:17) Hilprecht), to according the ver- '... Nippur "Eight, to the boat has a door...

light water, the theysmall, upon were and (the sion oldest), in (were) before use the the at least flood shut be during storm and lightness like fowl the of a upon untoeven Deluge.'historic craft In times the archaic li. "airhole"one (nappashu, or "window"

It plain is quite from water.'(2:16.)the ritual, 'in preserved only in was the gods 136).'

vessel ofthis type the usual that emphasis... their visiting their in boats other each vessel built "Nine, 'The Utnapishtim by raft, of sort dein those days was some.. festivals temples certain during the this a being or "house such boat"magur, water. float, to out to keepsigned not simply canals, serving as Babylonian means. also could subsequently rendered of word be

.. thereof, the door "Seventh, when and for of the the boats communication magur ideographically "deluge a boat"by MATU, dish.'like it shut, tight unto a was was their at cervarious gods temples between is boat, boat""house a then magur... A

... (2:17.) festival tain Billerbeck days and live beasts in gods, which and can men

"Eighth, 'And the Lord said... thou Delitzsch show that a certain class of boats comfortably, fully protected against the waves

shalt make a hole in the top, and also in really had such a shape.'washing overboard, the driving rain from

the bottom; and when thou shalt suffer for "Two, 'In all three versions of the Deluge above and against the inclemencies of wind

air thou shalt unstop the hole and receive Story Utnapishtim receives special instrucand weather.'

of tions roof.. the construction the. concerning if in air. ye the water... come And '.

.. is Sin's called "Ten, boat magur "A boat.'of or the deck in which manner The perish hole, thatshall not the stop ye may (esh bright at azag), in times house"which

is interesting: received the revelation he flood.'thein (2:20.)

as dwells, other he gods Babylonian do... will of father of the the Anu, Lord Heaven, '.

.. in as shall a be whale "Ninth, ye boats, visiting in their in other each when to the a hero through transmitted was for the of sea; thethe mountain midst... their himself temples god The Moon of or partition screen kikmatting, a made.'.. shall you. (2:24.) dash uponwaves is "sailing in bright as represented a magur kisu, ritually in temples. as such used was

.. to stones of the boat caused the heaven."through Lord midst "Tenth, version the the In given Sumerian by Gadd

light to give in darkness, unto theshine in beasts "Eleven, boat a 'men magur and is: side at the wall 'By stand command my

.'that they children, might and women,men,.. live 2:Utnapish- comfortably Nineveh I to will the wall speak a word By...

darkness.'in cross great the the watersnot is field, of take to the 'domestic tim animals... one, thee pure wise one, by my My

(6:3.) field, as as of beasts wild with the many etc. (shall caused),'deluge our be a hand

'... herds, flocks grass.'their recently observed eat "Eleventh, and has Herrmann 'of part, solid there course "Three, a was

and whatsoever beast or animal or fowl strong enough to carry a heavy freight and that we are to think of the earliest ships

.. for cattle. veras transports carry that with they should Nippur them. The to resist the force of the waves and the

...'field, 'the sion the or barges, beasts of the vessels of theirgot mentions aboard storm.'

(6:4.) "Four, 'Jensen explains MATU as a birds of heaven.'

"Twelfth, *... the Lord caused that "deluge boat,"... adding, that when seen "Twelve, 'The Stormwinds with exceedthere should be a furious wind...'(6:5.) from the side it probably resembled the ing terror, all of them together raced along

'... they were tossed upon the waves of crescent moon... Moreover, the reprethe deluge, the mighty tempest (?), raged

the sea before the wind.'(6:5). '... the sentations of the seagoing vessels of the with them... and the mighty ship over

wind did never cease to blow... and Tyrians and the Sidonians... show that the great waters the stormwind had tossed

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fact, the rabbis could never agree as to just what the tsohar was."30

"What did they say it was?"

"Some said it was a window, but 4?illil others maintained it was some kind

of luminous object by which Noah could tell night from day."30

"Why would he need a gadget to tell night from day?"Blank asked

with interest.

"Because according to some, the ark was completely covered over like a tightly shut box, and according to others, it was under the water a good deal of the time."

"Hold on!"said F. with a laugh.

"Aren't we getting mixed up with

Reverse Mr. Jared's ships?"

"And why not?"Blank replied.

"Ether himself says the two types of ship followed the same model."

"As a matter of fact,"said Professor Schwulst half to himself, "there may be something to that. Now that

Fragments of tablet found at Nippur I think of it, that luminous object in is recorded the "Nippur"which Right Edge on c. 2100 the ark was supposed to have been of the version Deluge Story,

B. C. some sort of shining stone."

"So that's the source of your Jaredite story!"F. cried with satisfaction.

"Nothing is more remarkable in my "Not at all,"the Professor reopinion,"said Blank, "than the spejoined. "The Ether version I believe

cific statement of Ether that the subis a much fuller one than that of the marine nature of his ships made them rabbinical tradition and contains 'like unto the ark of Noah,'since that some very archaic and significant maaspect of the ark has never been terial that is not found in the other.

rightly understood."It has been many years ago, but I am

"That is quite right,"Dr. Schwulst almost sure I once saw some imporvolunteered. "Ancient, medieval, and tant studies on the shining stones."

modern Bible illustrators have made "I wish you could remember where it perfectly clear that they have not it was,"said Blank. "I long ago gave

the remotest idea what the real ark up hope of finding a parallel to the was like. The window and the door story anywhere, nor have I ever

are the only peculiarities mentioned found anyone either here or abroad brief in verses Genesis. three in the slightest give help the could who me

.'.. version. the Sumerian Thus 'Jensen pictures depict the (6:1416.) Old it. of in episode the book This on seeingexplains boat,""deluge as a MATU either as a ark nothing big box but so sarcastic has Ether caused it sailmuchin the driven boat wind,""a "A by

ing vessel."... But a magur boat was writor chest or as a regular boat: atcomment that I have been deterten ideographically MATU, literally "a tempts to combine the two forms lead mined to get to the bottom of it. I

it sailing boat,"deluge not because was a to comical combinations that show must admit it does seem a bit fanor rather the hurtheboat driven by wind inplainly enough how inadequate tastic."it posricane but shubtu), because (abubu,

sessed certain qualities which rendered its formation has been on the subject. "In the study of ancient things,"

use especially effective during the deluge, I think it is remarkable that the word the Professor intoned with uplifted texts, its the for to carry in the exclusive purpose Babylonian was windowwhen infinger, "it is just fantastic the and life of protect toremains and. and men literally or breather nappashu, means to the door opens congruous whichbeasts waters the against from and below

is ventilator. interpretaalso the This that. forget In above.'rainsthe pouring from Though in discovery—never tion in Ether, the whereas window it indriven 'nothing storm the had science, by as in paraevery scholarship

common with a boat in full sail, (and) nothe ark is called a tohar in Genesis, dox and anomaly is really a broad is a sail mentioned, norwhere would... that is a shiner or illuminator."hint that new knowledge is awaiting hurriof a use in suchit have been much

cane as described... Besides, we observe The Shining Stones us if we will only go after it. Now

that the pictures of the Tyrian boats reas to these shining stones, I seem to ferred to have no sails.'A magur boat was W/hich do you think is the older remember some rather ambitious comdriven by the wind, but not with sails. "version?"F. asked, "the air hole parative studies on the subject, in-

'It shall carry- "Thirteen. a houseboat be or the skylight?"

life,'is of saysing saved the Nippur what "That life its would be hard to say,"was—thespired Gilgameshby the Sumerianstory, thatepic materialwas it!"version, to preserve being purpose

and offer full protection 'against the waves the reply, "since both are found in "Do you mean that the shining washing overboard.'"the Babylonian texts. As a matter of (Continued on page 602)

AUGUST 1956 567 A LITTLE KNOWN INCIDENT IN THE LIFE low murderer would be on him in

OF PRESIDENT WILFORD WOODRUFF TOLD half a dozen leaps. To climb a tree

BY THE AUTHOR AS ONE OF HIS MOST was useless. What could a terrified

CHERISHED little boy do? With a prayer in his

heart he quickened his pace and noted that the panther had passed him. Soon he saw it cross the road

behind him and repeat the circle, MEMORIES never getting very far away. The

frightened lad knew that a short disby John C Whiting tance ahead was a clearing where an abandoned log cabin stood. If he

mong my most cherished memhe lived in one of the New England could only reach its shelter, he might ories, is one which takes me states, which was then the frontier be safe. He was nearing the clearing

back some sixtyfive years of America. Wild animals were nuedge, and the big cat was crossing

when, as a boy of twelve or thirteen merous and settlers few. Panthers, ahead again—then it disappeared in

years, I had the blessed privilege of as they were called, were common the bushes behind him. He thought

becoming intimately acquainted with and were far more dangerous than now was his only chance and with one of the noblest and most lovable their scattered survivors of the presevery muscle strained, he fairly flew men of this generation, President ent day, who have learned by bitter for the sheltering cabin, dived in and

Wilford Woodruff. He was a man experience that the white man with slammed the rickety door, then alin whom there was no guile. He his rifle and the red man with his most collapsed. Too late, the panther

fairly radiated godliness and good bow and arrow are entirely different found he had let his prey escape.

will to all who knew him. foes. After prowling around for a short

Two of my older brothers had Brother Woodruff said that on time the big cat disappeared in the been called to colonize the Little one occasion he was sent on an erwood looking for his supper elseColorado country in Arizona. My rand to a neighbor's home, and evewhere.

mother and the rest of the family ning shadows were closing down That was the incident as he told it.

I'm not concerned with what the catfollowed them. We lived the "United when he started back. He was hurryhis appetite satisfy long so to found ate at City. at BrighamOrder"We the road, through ing lonesome along

little as victim. that not the all boy in was things table"the "big had and in rustling the timber, a sudden when

I not President do remember irresponhow far as as we andcommon;

sible boys were concerned, we had the bushes caught his attention and Woodruff reached home, but the "one grand ole time."My brother he saw a panther, like a tawny Lord he trusted all his life was with

Charles was selected to take care of ghost, slipping along through the him for the mighty work he was to the livestock in cooperation with the trees and keeping even with him. His accomplish in later years, for which

settlements of Sunset and St. Joseph. first impulse was to run—run for his all Latterday Saints are profoundly

They took the cattle and horses up life, but he realized that that big yelthankful.

to what we called Pleasant Valley, now known as "Mormon Lakes."It

was a paradise for cattle. They

waxed fat and multiplied. Dairying

was carried on, supplying the lower settlement with butter and cheese. It President Wilford Woodwas while living there, that President ruff,the Church.fourth President of

Woodruff visited us and stayed some time in my brother's home.

Hunting has always been my hobby, and when I found that President Woodruff was an ardent sportsman, I reveled in his stories.

Winter came, and we had to take the cattle down to the settlements. The

first night we camped out in deep snow. We had two little pet deer

which also seemed to enjoy the warmth of the big campfire. They

kept crowding closer and closer, and

I can see President Woodruff now, as he would gently push them back, when their hair began to singe.

think it was that night that he related an incident in his early boyhood days. It so thrilled me that I

have never forgotten it. When a boy,

568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Handcarts

by Gustive O. Larson

PROFESSOR CHURCH HISTORY AND PHILOSOPHY Photograph courtesy "The Instructor"

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY A handcart company facing a blizzard, from a sketch by George M. Ottinger.

(Conclusion) them safely from faroff England, regulations facilitated progress permitScotland, Wales, and Scandinavia: ting an advance of from twelve to fifYouyourwillowngorisk."forwardThe thisspeakerseasonfacedat overWouldthemnotevenhis inprotectingthe mountains?hand Asbe teenchildrenmilesalikea day.trampedMen,patientlywomen, forand

a crowd of immigrants who had the vote was called, these sons and ward. The fatigued and ill, alone,

just crossed the Missouri River and daughters of foreign lands, simply received whatever comforts were afpaused to recondition their handcarts clad, travel -worn and dusty, pressed forded by riding in the supply wagons.

at Florence, Nebraska. In spite of eagerly upon their leader to render a Evening brought rest and recreahazards caused by repeated delays, decision in the affirmative. tion. Family fires smouldered after

they were clamoring to set out across Echoes of their illfated enthusiasm supper while the community blaze the wilderness for the Great Basin. had hardly died away in the distance mounted as a signal for a general

Having sounded the warning of an when members of the Martin Comgathering. Young folk sang and made

experienced guide, Levi Savage turned pany began pouring into the Flormerry in impromptu programs. Unto kick the dust from a curious wooden ence camp. As they emerged from tamed muscles strained for supremacy

cart wheel and stooped to adjust a the dust clouds, it was noticeable in wrestling, jumping, and camp loosened spoke. that ablebodied men were in a stunts, for the entertainment of the

It was late August in 1856. The minority among large numbers of gentler sex. With song and story the

immigrants were wholly ignorant of aged and children. Again there was older ones, too, joined in the evening's

the country ahead and unused to the delay to repair broken carts, another diversion until the hour for retirerigors of camp life. Should they atcouncil called, and on August 27, five ment approached.

tempt to cross the Rockies before hundred and seventysix others beThe noise subsided as a circle closed winter snows set in or delay until the gan moving hopefully toward the around the fire. Then softly across

following spring? Four of their numwestern horizon. the dying embers all voices joined in

ber who acted as captains of hundreds They formed a colorful spectacle singing those lines which encouraged in the company had been in Utah; as the winding train of vehicles, thousands to go on when enthusiasm

also two others, G. D. Grant and W. drawn or pushed by men and women, lagged. "Come, Come, Ye Saints"1

H. Kimball, who were superintending moved forward between occasional had been bequeathed by the pioneers

the season's emigration. When the supply wagons and small herds of of a decade earlier to the thousands

company captain, J. G. Willie, called milk cows. Many of the carts were who would follow them into the west.

for a decision on whether to remain tastefully painted to suit the fancy of It became the common heritage of or go, all of these except one comthe owners, while here and there apforeign as well as native tongues.

mended their charges to the benefpeared inscriptions such as "Truth With the closing words of the song icence of Providence. Some were will prevail,""Zion's Express,""Blesseach sought his covers, and when the

disposed to express confidence that the ings follow sacrifice,"and "Merry last echoes of taps died away in the elements would be tempered in their Mormons."Snatches of the marching darkness, the emigrants slept with

behalf and see them safely through. song, "Some must push and some the wilderness.

Thus reassured, most of the foreign must pull"served to lighten the moFall came early with frosty nights.

band paid little heed to Levi Savage's notony of the daily routine. SelfAspen groves turned yellow on the

warning. Had not Providence brought imposed discipline and strict camp (Continued on following page)

Map showing the trail over which the handcart pioneers traveled.

AUGUST 1956 569 DEPARTED ARRIVED CITY in The Handcarts of '56 YEAR CAPTAIN in PERSONSCOMPANY DEATHS IOWA VALLEY

ELLSWORTH 266 EDMUND 9, 1856 SEPT. 1 JUNE 26, 1856 (Continued from preceding page) 1856

DANIEL D. 1856 McARTHUR 220 7 11, JUNE 1856 SEPT. 26, 1856

mountain slopes, and crimson patches 1856 EDWARD BUNKER about 300 JUNE 23, 1856 OCT. 2, 1856

of oak held forebodings of approach1856 JAMES G. WILLIE about 500 66 JULY 15, 1856 NOV. 9, 1856

ing winter. Far down on the plains 18571856 MissionaryEDWARD MARTINEastbound Hand cart Company575 (Consisting135 of 74JULYElders28, 1856 NOV. 30, 1856

of Wyoming the Willie and Martin 1857 ISRAEL EVANS 149 MAY 22, 1857 SEPT. 12, 1857

companies moved hopefully up the 1857 CHRISTIAN CHRISTIANSEN 330 JUNE 12; 1857 SEPT. 13, 1857

Platte. Emigration agents, including 1859 GEORGE ROWLEY 235 JUNE 9, 1859* SEPT. 4, 1859

1860* 6, 27, 1 JUNE 1860 AUG.

1860* Franklin D. Richards returning from 18601860 OSCARDANIEL O.ROBINSONSTODDARD 233126 24, JULY 4, SEPT. 1860

England, having closed the business *Departed Florence, Nebraska of the season at Iowa City hurried westward. With horse teams, they Table showing the years handcart companies made their journey and number of

passed the Martin Company at Loupe persons who traveled to the Salt Lake Valley.

Fork and found them in good spirits health.and Later they met two

stockings, 174 pairs socks, pairs 72 9 pairs a brought gust of wind A sudden of the Williemembers Company mittens, sacks, 1 14 buffalo robe, small 40 reflurry of snowflakes. worst Their

for turning of strayed thirty head fears became a reality. Hour after bundlesshirts, 2 clothingchemises,(kind4 necknot specified),ties, 13 hats2 overand cattle. Purchasing buffalo a few

piled treacherous the hour snow suits, up caps, 3 boys'jackets, pairs 8 drawers, for robes this latter at company North its deathtrap. shirts, 1 Shoes, through, 12 bonnets, handkerchiefs, 7 4 rug, worn

of theFork Platte that and promising 1 1 victorine, lindsey, 5 yards aprons, 2 its feet to bare exposed and damp 3 supplies would at await Larathem pair gloves. chill. Scarcely provided was a wrap

mie, the agents to Salt hastened on for as a clothfrozen change wet and 31st, City. fewer October no ByLake than 250 ing. More serious still, cutting the

to sent relieve teams been the had of first morning The October to rations food a could only minimum first sufferers. bestthe and Among adawned disappointed upon of camp preserve the a supply days. few The those equipped sent were by Brigham the outskirts and onmen of women to rescouts sent two been had who

of others the Young General and AuFort Laramie. of Provisions food and cover cattle strayed the overtook camp

thorities.clothing, they upon which depended, them. without they But had come

the Willie the Meanwhile and Marnotwere awaiting them. scant The tracks of the the Martin upon Comtin in trapped companies were theseventeen of clothing pounds perreported that led they pany and away earliest in snowfall of the experiencemitted of each the Willie member trail. Its five the from main hundred

the Pioneers. former a The made little gaveCompany that comfort on also seventysix and were members

forced miles two encampment below frosty morning. they gathered, As at of the mercy an unprecedented

shivering, around the campfires to early blizzard. Rocky Ridge on the Sweetwater. The

it latter impossible to found proceedprepare a breakfast, meager there was President addressBrigham Young Platte Bridge. beyond Tents andlacking the usual banter song. and ing the conference, October general other improvised covering only gave consciousness ofThe threatening that held year in the bowery on Tempartial shelter the chill from of winstorms, rations, decreased insuffiand ple said: Square, ter.cient clothing not easily shaken. was

to pile recontinued with Snow up is this, fifth subject [My]... day on this they painafter day Day pushed current storms. of cry babies The 1856, October, brethren of our and manyfully forward. brave heart A resistersof bitter against the cold in the drove are plains handcarts, on with men

sponding to a moment of sunshine and probably are now 700 miles from this desperation through the blinding sleet brought back place, must push "Some assistance. and send must we them The for firewood. feet Despite frozen and

text will be, "to here. get them pull,"some brief must a and for hour frostbitten fingers, the mainmen is I salvation the This now..."seeking am it spirits revived their as the tramp, fires tained meager around which for, to save our brethren.2

tramp, tramp, fitted into its rhythm. huddled mothers with feverish chilThe clouds grew darker and lowered. When ox teams were volunteered, dren. The daily rations were cut

A breeze from the north rustled he thundered: again, each time with a prayer that

through the last oak leaves clinging help would come on the morrow. But

crisply to twigs. I barren not to I do aspens oxen, send want good Naked want the instead, morrow, brought death

horses mules. in are and the TerriThey instood whiteness. columns of somber first one, then another, another. and tory, also and must them; twelve we have coyote slunk through the under-A 2 the It was were men of tons flour who died. They forty teamsters. and good

brush, and a moment later, silhounot sick, but chilled through, and etted for an instant against a gray Pioneer families recounted their among those who dug graves in the skyline, howled a melancholy, unscanty winter stores, and within three morning were some who, before night earthly challenge. Strong men cast days a relief train set out with their had fallen, themselves required burial.

anxious glances toward their mates. sacrifice. The contributions up to that An evening came when each survivor

Instinctively, children trudged more time included: received his portion of the remaining

closely upon parental heels. A flutrations. Unaware of approaching

lbs.ter flour, of 26,688 leaves onions, bushels broke through the moving 3iy4 12 help starvation faced they a and lbs. dried meat, 5 bushels cash, oats, 54 $8line, and their shawls drew women frozen grave. horses, teams, 6 51 4 teamsters, wagons,a little closely more them, about relief 20th, October the first quilts 106 blankets, cloaks, On 8 51 pair and

bowed their heads a trifle lower, and of pants, 50 vests, 134 pair boots and shoes, wagons hove into sight of the Willie plodded onward. 29 shawls, 51 dresses, 72 shirts, 67 hoods, (Continued on page 589)

570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA General MIA executives and board members greet enthusiastic conference guests in the annual receiving line on Temple Square.

accomplishment in the past and a challenge and charge for prayerful achievement in the future. Carry On. MIA For sports enthusiasts the conference theme of mutual improvement

by A lite Howe was recognized in a measure by the

MANUSCRIPT EDITOR dedication of the four - diamond, nightlighted Church softball park.

Other visitors were impressed by the roadshow festival which entertained

Seek not to counsel the Lord, but to take counsel from his the largest audience in history by hand. For behold, ye yourselves know that he counseleth playing two performances in a large

in wisdom, and in justice, and in great mercy, over all his Salt Lake City theater and in Kingsworks. (Jacob 4:10.) bury Hall.

—MIA Theme for 195657 Master M Men and Golden

Gleaners felt that their first joint reits o'the with on "Top Town"in others of in union workers held and the Church MIA MIA workersAmong big a step in 1800 guests MIA's was Salt City attendance to 17 at the 1956 from Lake June June 14 MIA conference, there seemed to be a inclusive. Leaders were instructed and path of progress, and the 8,000 dance

common consensus of "the greatest inspired; the happy smiles of young and drama festival participants

ever,""the most inspirational,"and participants in festivals and other thrilled at the spectacular success of "I've never before felt the spirit so presentations were contagious, and their combined festival in the Univermuch."In general and departmental the eyes of others were moist as humsity of Utah stadium.

sessions as well as at the festivals and ble testimonies were borne concerning Other conference visitors would other activities, it was evident that individual spiritual growth through long remember the impressive musicspecial blessings accompanied this conference experiences. There was a speech festival, the YWMIA camp

fiftyseventh annual conference of the prevailing and permeating sense of (Continued on following page)

AUGUST 1956 571 loyalty to self, to parents, to one's

Carry On, MIA. country, and to God and truth is

reproduced elsewhere in these pages.

(Continued from preceding page) Do not criticize, do not try to change, (Please see p. 560.)

institute, and the presentations of the to be original, to do it in your own In the Saturday morning executive new MIA theme and the reading way, to get off on tangents. Seek not meeting, Superintendent Curtis recourse book, Jesus the Christ. All in to counsel the Lord!"iterated some counsel to the MIA:

all, everyone seemed agreed that the After stressing the need for unity "Sometime ago Elder George Q.

entire conference signified growth in among all organizations within the Morris... reminded us that the

the past and preparation for an even Church and the responsibility of MIA brethren are anxious that the memgreater future. workers to attend priesthood and bership of this Church enjoy the

No effort will be made to review Sacrament meetings, Superintendent Church and all its glorious opporthis great conference, but a few Curtis emphasized time and again the tunities. He pointed out the fact that

thoughts are offered from some of need for training and upgrading there are many inactive people and the talks. leadership: that they have inactive children and

"Sometimes I believe we spend too that the Mutuals could do a great impressive presentathe Following attention if time and service pull these inacand much effort we would for 1956tion theme of the new MIA fail to programs and girls into about organizaworrying our tive boys and 57 in the opening session Friday realize that under strong leaders even tions and through them reach their

Sister S. Reeder, Berthamorning,

lives if will still It is influence parents. poor true program that a...

reof presidentgeneral the YWMIA, in the best the that the program hands, a child by and you take you viewed some basic MIA objectives: world will be ineffective under poor get a parent by the heart."

"Our assignment under the new leaders."In the Friday afternoon session,

Church program is to enroll every President David O. McKay's signiElder Marion G. Romney talked to

boy and girl from the ages of twelve ficant Friday morning remarks on the subject of the new MIA theme to twentysix in the MIA and to build testimonies into the lives of the boys and girls. "How can we do that? Mostly

through filling their leisure hours with activity and wellprepared lessons. What is leisure time? Leisure

time is that time when one does not have to work to live. It is time when

one chooses to do what one will, and what we do in general we call recreation, although I believe it is recreation in its true sense only when it recreates a person, revitalizes his or her energies through change and joyousness so that he or she can go on with greater enthusiasm and have more joy in the work she is doing.

"... You know what our assignment was by President Brigham

Young when the Mutual was organized. It was to inspire the young

people to activity. And that is what

we have been trying to do."

Continuing the thought from the new MIA theme, General Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis urged that:

"... we try not to do these things

in our own strength [&ui] that we remember this beautiful theme for our coming year and that we seek not to counsel the Lord but rather to take counsel at his hands,... and

further that we seek not to counsel the servants but rather to recognize that they are inspired, and the counsel and inspiration that come to you in the program they [General Authorities] have approved, and which they have blessed, is for the benefit—A Hal Rumel Photo

and salvation of our young people. Conference visitors move along the reception line.

572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Two special guests were introduced at the conference sessions: Dr. Grace

Spofford, chairman of music for both the National and International Council of Women; and Delmer H. Wilson,

Director, Personnel Division, Boy

Scouts of America. In her remarks,

Dr. Spofford commented on the exceptional MIA program and the great

experiences offered in the different activities.

Mr. Wilson emphasized the importance of scouting in building

citizenship and character in manhood.

"Duty to God is the cornerstone position in the Scout Oath and is the foundation upon which all noble character is built. The principle upon

which our national foundation is built is that our inalienable rights come from our Creator.... We of the Boy

Scouts of America, in joining hands with the Church, do not just express

Photo—A Deseret News our ideals but also help the boy to

dinner, dancing and Over 1800 Master M Men and Golden Gleaners enjoy program, on "Top o'the Town."participate in every day living his

obligation to God."

and asserted that to follow it was Stapley encouraged and advocated the As her closing remarks for this fiftyseventh conannual June MIA the surest Scout in the and shortest route to imBoy program Church.

S. ference, Sister again Bertha Reeder leadership. proved are missing a golden "We opporstated great the purpose: MIA

"In my view, seeking to counsel the tunity if we are not emphasizing and "I pray humbly that every one of

Lord means to disregard the Lord's using scouting in its fullest measure. us will go out with renewed effort and

counsel either knowingly or unknow- * * * Scouting, brethren, is an aid, a desire to hold every single boy and ingly and in place thereof act upon a help in Church government which, girl in the Church. If we do not

one's own counsel or upon the perwhen properly integrated into our know where they are, find them and suasions of men. This is a very comChurch program, offers much in keep them in tune with our Heavenly

mon human weakness. Until we are worthwhile values to boys and men."Father's spirit."

able to conquer it, real leadership in And with great earnestness, Elder And Superintendent Curtis'signiour Church work eludes us regardless Stapley continued: ficant message prompted serious

of our other gifts and attainments. "We have many fine, upstanding, thought.

the other hand, a personOn when choice people in the young Church. "I read do the indictments as youlearns is the Lord's what counsel do, however, a have growing and We against schools, against parents,

it,follows irresistibly rises to great he tendency in laxness toward... morals. against homes, delinquency, vanleadership.

cannot in put our heads the sand We dalism, the are that and problems "... the favor of men is not worth fact overlook the things and that are It is extant in the today. a world

the price of rejecting or ignoring the not altogether well in Zion. We must real challenge to this particular orcounsel of the Lord. develop a program that will sublimate ganization [MIA] with our standards

"Now I know that neither MIA the sex urge by stressing manliness and our understanding of the gospel workers nor workers in any other deand womanliness as expressed in reof Jesus Christ. It is easy to place

partment of the Church wittingly straint and success in a fine, strong, blame, to pass the responsibility to urge the persuasions of men or their clean body, an educated mind, and someone else. * * * Place it wherever

own counsel as a substitute for that well -developed talents.* * * you will, the problem is still there,

of the Lord Almighty. However, I "Our young people must be helped and Latterday Saints who believe

am persuaded that much substituting to realize that a clean mind and body that parenthood is partnership with of this sort is done and that it serimake for happiness now and that we God sense that we must help every ously impairs the strength of our do not have to wait for the future boy and girl no matter what kind leadership. It comes about when we years to reap all of the dividends of of home he may come from....

do not keep ourselves advised as to a clean life. The MIA also has a Through this organization... we are

what the counsel of the Lord is. To great challenge in this field: to guide able to reach out and to bring in and

the extent that we are thus uninyouth into true patterns of moral to direct, we say, leisuretime activity, formed, we are prone to substitute behavior and righteousness that will but back of every recreational event our own counsel for his. As a matter assure to them and their posterity the there is a planned, definite, stepwise

of fact, there is nothing else we can *full measure of blessings offered by program to instil a testimony of the do."the gospel of our Lord. The hearts gospel of Jesus Christ.

In a session with MIA executives and minds of all of us must bend to "I think, brothers and sisters, that

Saturday afternoon, Elder Delbert L. this challenge."(Continued on following page)

AUGUST 1956 573 ards, and from them we obtain our

Carry On, MIA principles."

During this Sunday morning ses- (Continued from, preceding page) sion, Elder Mark E. Petersen also

we are a little quick in finding fault, spoke and emphasized the importance in criticizing, in saying the program of the conference and challenged the is too heavy. If you could have visited leaders in attendance:

the county jail with me—a young "We have been gathered here by

woman in dire trouble and talked to the [MIA] general board and have her parents—they did not feel that been given wonderful and inspired

the program was too heavy! They teachings. Will those teachings of

wished there had been more of it and the general board 'carry over'to the that it had reached more effectively stake boards and to the ward boards into the life of their daughter. so that actual practice will bring

"A mother out in one of our stakes about the conversion that we are... said, 'Brother Curtis, why fireseeking in the lives of the youth? As

sides? When I was a girl,'she said, the general board teachings 'carry

'we went home Sunday night and over'to you, will your teachings read the Bible.'And I said, 'Sister, 'carry over'to the youth and estabbe honest with me. If there were not lish faith in their hearts? * * *

brothers and sisters, the re-a fireside, would your daughter come to MIAMIA conferenceleaders by programsyouthful hostesses.were distributed "My

home and read the Bible Sunday sponsibility resting on you is greater night?'She said, 'Well, I guess you marks as he pointed out the great than you realize. Your responsibility

are right, Brother Curtis. She needs for successful MIA's: to convert the youth of Zion is as

wouldn't.'"Two great things are needed for great as the responsibility resting

"But she goes to a fireside and there the success of the Mutual Improveupon any missionary in any mission meets boys and girls with her own ment Association for the salvation of of the Church. You must be missionstandards, hears testimonies. There our boys and girls. Summarized those aries. Every MIA officer must be

is a spark implanted in her soul that two are: first, divine guidance ob- a missionary. Every chapel must

is bearing fruit. She will end up tained through purity of life and be a mission field. Every class

where her mother will be proud of secret prayer; second, the united supmust be a mission field, and every

her. port of the parents, not in adverse child who comes to MIA must be con-

"Let us not be too fast, brothers criticism, but in positive contribution sidered an investigator of the gospel.

fail in our mission if we fail toand sisters, in finding fault. in uniting your influence with theirs We

so that these people will convert young of parsupport need the "We to bring your daughters sons and * is 'carry on.'* *ents. for they can problem a problem The of this the influence great under

home, for Church, for state, for all auxiliary association of the Church. "Will you remember that we must

is 'carry over'of a to auxiliary the before we can us. The MIA Divine guidance and united support have "

it is on.''carry topriesthood; auxiliary the have a... of parents!

home. It cannot take the place of "I believe I will add a third: ComThe concluding speaker in the Suneither priesthood or home and has no panionship with the boys and girls day morning session was Elder Hugh

fulldesire to, but needs B. the Brown, he inspired and either are broken support withwhose homes by * * *out reservation. of the the importance with audience disloyalty father of part or on the

"Parents, we need you, we need mother or by death.""Godimage"within them and the

your understanding, your support, Elder George Q. Morris, stressed absolute need to prepare continually

your help. If you want your son the "... importance of rearing a for the great goal of godhood.

and your daughter to have courage generation of youth that will be true On Sunday afternoon, following the to do that which is right,... ento the standards of the Church, growpresentation of the reading course

courage them to do right by your ing out of the revelations of God, for book Jesus the Christ in the final example, by your support, and lack they are different from other standsession of the conference, President of criticism of the program of the ards; they belong to and are in accord J. Reuben Clark, Jr. discoursed upon

Church. Come to our MIA. This is with the glorious revelations received phases of the life of the Savior and

an invitation and a plea.... You from heaven. encouraged those assembled to

will get dividends that will put to "Thank the Lord we are not limited "Try to go along with the Savior, riches or uraniumshame any let live actual profits to him, be the with an him ideas and the the wisdom and * * * source. otherfrom any half of course, neverdivine but of philosophies conceptions the man, and

"We as your servants are trying the socalled wise men of the world. theless moving as a man moved in

not to build great athletic leagues As fine as many of them may be in those days. * * * Live with the Savior

nor giant festivals only, but we are their living, as earnest as they may and it will give you such a view of trying to reach the hearts and shape be in their desires to gain truth and him, such an intimacy with him as I the lives of young people in planting knowledge, the fulness of truth can think you can get in no other way.

testimonies of the gospel of Jesus come only from God the Eternal And all of those other things that I

Christ that will guide them through Father, and it has come to us through have mentioned aside from his reevery phase of their lives."the Lord Jesus Christ.... That is the demption had to do with your exaltaPresident David O. McKay retruth that must govern our lives. tion, with my exaltation. They were

affirmed Superintendent Curtis'reUpon those truths we base our standto teach us how to live. Learn what

574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hal Rumel Photos Originality and fantasy spiced the spectacular dancedrama festival.

he did, what he thought, what he taught. Do as he did. Live as he

lived, so far as we can. He was the

perfect man.

"There is a wealth of virtue, a wealth of knowledge, a wealth of testimony, a wealth of comfort, of encouragement, of upbuilding of faith, in getting a real, intimate knowledge of the Savior from the point of view of his mortality."

These are but small samplings of the inspiration with which the Mutual workers of the Church returned to their labors in a spirit of renewed determination to seek not to counsel the

Lord but to follow his counsel and that of his servants in accomplishing the aim of MIA—to build character,

testimonies, and talents in every Latter-day Saint twelve years and older.

The same spirit that characterized -*- the June conference in Salt Lake

City carried into the one in Southern

California, June 28July 1. The

crowds in the Hollywood Bowl for the speechmusic festival on Friday evening and the Sunday evening service which President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

addressed, enthusiastically received both programs. The dance -drama

festival on Saturday evening offered an evening of entertainment in the

East Los Angeles Junior College stadium.

Department sessions were well attended, and those present were at once receptive and responsive. All in

all, the Southern California conference afforded additional stimulus to Thousands acclaim the combined speech music festival in the historic Salt Lake

MIA work in that area. Tabernacle.

AUGUST 1956 575 Central Building, the Church College of Hawaii, Laie, Oahu, Hawaii. Haroldand DouglasW. Burton,W. Burton,ArchitectAssociate Architect, of Los Angeles

first year on June 1, with faculty, stuChurch College in Hawaii dents,joy of accomplishment.and townspeople sharing the

A dire need of LDS youth in the by Richard T. Woolton Pacific is being met by the college.

MEMBER OF FIRST FACULTY Some will now obtain higher education who would not otherwise have

it. formerly have Some who would travelacre of campus; the one hundred throngs than worldMounting reof higher education devoid had to visualize devotion will the ers to they will day one Hawaii

it in a admire, as they tour the scenic God in the hearts of the Saints symligion's fulness, now obtain windward Oahu coast, not only the bolized by this college dedicated to dedicated Latterday Saint environrenowned temple of the Church of learning and worship. ment.

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints but The Church College of Hawaii, the The needs to be filled are not only also fourteen Polynesianstyled buildmost recent institution of higher those of the individual young man ings of the Church College of Hawaii. learning established by the Latteror woman but also of the kingdom

Discerning tourists will see more day Saints Church, completed its of God in its future mission among

Board of Trustees of Church College of Hawaii: (1. to r.) Edward L. Clissold, Chairman; Ralph E. Woolley, Vice Chairman;

D. Arthur Haycock, George Q. Cannon, Lawrence Haneberg, and Jay A. Quealy.

576, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Photograph by War, The first student body of the Church College of Hawaii.

Pacific peoples. President David O. a member of the Council of the Edward L. Clissold of the Hawaiian

McKay in the ground breaking adTwelve, witnessed a flagraising cereMission that the former territorial dress, February 12, 1955, in Laie demony at a Church elementary school training school plant at Waialee be clared: "From, this school, I tell you, in Laic with students of several races evaluated as a temporary location for

will go men and women whose inparticipating. He then visualized the college. A group of local citifluence will be felt for good toward Laie as the educational center for the zens-—Fred E. Lunt, George Kekauthe establishment of peace internapeople of the islands. oha, Elmer Jenkins, and Ruby E n.os

tionally. Four hundred and fifty More recent planning to realize worked with President Clissold to

million people waiting to hear the this dream was done by Ralph E. determine the suitability of Waialee.

message over in China, a noble Woolley, then president of the Oahu In June 1951, the First Presidency of race.... You prepare to go and carry Stake, when he appointed in 1947 the Church sent Frank McGhie, forthis message. Three hundred and four members of the stake high counmerly director of religious education

fifty million down in India. We. have cil to study the establishment of a for the Church in Hawaii, to study

scarcely touched those great nations, Church college in Hawaii. These the educational possibilities and needs

and they're calling today...."island leaders were Clinton Kanahele, in the islands. Later, May 1952, Dr.

A long series of efforts for education J. Franklin Woolley, Lawrence PeterWesley P. Lloyd of Brigham Young

by devoted Church members led to son, and George Zabriskie. University was also directed by the

the establishment of the college. In In 1950 President Woolley conFirst Presidency to study the matter.

1921 President David O.. McKay, then sidered the suggestions of President (Continued on following page)

First faculty of The Church College of Hawaii

Back row, left to right: Ernest C. Jeppsen, Head, Division of Agriculture and Industrial Arts; Hugh J. Woodford, Chairman

Departments of Mathematics and Physics; Woodruff J. Deem, Chairman, Department of Speech; Richard T. Wootton, Director of

Guidance Services, Head, Division of Religion; Patrick D. Dalton, Chairman, Department of Agriculture; Joseph H. Spurrier,

Chairman, Department of Music; Wylie W. Swapp, Head, Division of Art and Music; Nephi Georgi, Head, Division of Language

Arts; Dr. Glen Moore, Head, Division of Biological and Physical Sciences; and Kenneth T. Slack, Librarian.

Front row, left to right: William Young, Chairman, Department of Health and Physical Education; fames B. Hill, Treasurer and

Purchasing Agent; Elizabeth W. Price, Chairman, Department of English; Ethel Whitford, Registrar and Director of Admissions;

Dr. Reuben D. Law, President of the College; Dr. Billie Hollingshead, Chairman of the Department of Psychology; Lois Ensign

Swapp, Women's Physical Education; Genevieve W. Bowman, Head, Division of *Home Living and Women's Counselor; Joseph

R. Smith, Head, Division of Business; Jerry K. Loveland, Head, Division of Social Sciences.

Temporary campus of the College of Hawaii.

berg, and Jay A. Quealy were added industrial arts, 11 in language arts,

Church College in Hawaii to constitute the present board. 9 in art and music, and 7 in social

(Continued from preceding page) September 26, 1955, some four hunscience. Second quarter registration

Events took wings July 21, 1954, dred students, board members, facrose to 169.

when the First Presidency appointed ulty, parents, and friends saw the A faculty of twenty, several of

Dr. Reuben D. Law, then dean of the culmination of years of effort in an whom were formerly with Brigham

College of Education at BYU, to be assembly which marked the official Young University or its branches, but president of the Church College of opening of the Church College of with some coming from such distant

Hawaii and to head a final survey Hawaii. The island Saints were at places as Tonga and Paris, and repcommittee composed of himself, Dr. last to have their college, designed to resenting in their educational backClarence Cottam of BYU, and Direcbe a fully accredited institution of grounds thirty different colleges and

tor Kenneth Bennion of the LDS higher learning with facilities and ofuniversities, provided a broad offerBusiness College. The survey group, ferings unsurpassed in Hawaii for the ing of courses ranging from welding

which was rendered invaluable aid first two years of college work. to Hebrew. The average faculty

by local Church and civic officials, The first student body numbered member had slightly more than eight was joined in Honolulu for a short 153, with representation from all the years. previous fulltime professional

period by Dr. Ernest L. Wilkinson as Hawaiian Islands, island races, and teaching experience. Three held

a special representative of the First intermixtures: Hawaiian, Samoan, doctorate and fifteen master's degrees

Presidency. A continuing commitChinese, Japanese, Filipino, and Euin their fields.

tee for the college was selected by ropean. Freshmen were 115; sophoClasses this year were held in nine

the First Presidency November 15, mores, 13; and special students, 25. adequate temporary buildings. The

1954, consisting of Chairman Edward By divisions, 52 were in education and permanent plant will comprise four-

L. Clissold, Ralph E. Woolley, and psychology, 36 in business administrateen steel reinforced concrete build-

D. Arthur Haycock. They were later tion and secretarial training, 13 in ings with asbestos tile roofing. They

designated as a Board of Trustees. biological and physical science, 13 in will house administration, auditorium,

George Q. Cannon, Lawrence Hanehome living, 12 in agriculture and (Continued on page 580)

On the floor of the first permanent building of the Church College of Hawaii.

578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the year. fcojoy Spc/ng Salads 3foan4

Can Apricots with n NOW!

Goldensweet apricots spark up the menu any time of year... as apricot

halves or apricot juice for breakfast, in tastetempting salads and desserts for luncheon and dinner. For these many uses, you'll want to put up plenty of

apricots... with perfectfor-canning White Satin Sugar.

For canning time, you'll want to stock up on allpurpose White Satin Fine

Granulated in 5, 10, 25 and 50pound sizes. For everyday use, be sure you

have the complete selection of White Satin Sugars in the handy onepound cartons: Powdered, Brown, Superfine Granulated, and Cubed, as well as Fine

Granulated.

THE AMALGAMATED SUGAR COMPANY

r Whit* White WW So*1*1

SUGAR SUGAR SUGAR

AUGUST 1956 579 Church College in Hawaii

(Continued from page 578) The new buildings are being conclassrooms, laboratories, library, shops, structed by a missionary labor system farm operations, cafeteria, gymnaunder Superintendent Joseph E. Wilsium, married couples'housing unit, son of Los Angeles, California, which

and men's and women's dormitories. is amazing to nonLDS onlookers.

Initial student capacity of the plant Thirteen building experts of the will be from 700 to 1000. (Concluded on page 582)

v55>S3;G;Gn5:33S;5

<=Jjeaik l5 5uck a atoor Richard L. Evans

THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY YOU'LL EVER

KNOW WHAT PERFECT JAM FLAVOR IS! TVTot long ago from the window of a waiting train we

* "watched a young mother with two young daughters,

MAKE UNCOOKED. and see the difall dressed in their best, eagerly, anxiously looking at the JAMS..

will ference One taste passengers alighting. And then there was a light in their

tell, Unwhy: and! here's

cooked jams, made with eyes as there came into view the one they were waiting for the recipes developed clusively by M.C.P. JAMexthe young father, who completed the family circle: then

AND JELLY PECTIN, running steps, and arms wide open, and arms tightly closed fruit flavor (and fresh are jams with 100% the around one another, with everyone talking, and everyone is away. For cooked none color) because

same reason, you get more jam even though looking lovingly at everyone as they walked to the waiting it's obvious less fruit sugar. And, and use you is a car. Father had come home. Mother and children were stove a hot to over that work having not

for economy decided advantage. As

can jams be made... thesefrom there. All were together again. If there is a picture, in life uncooked M.C.P.

either fresh fruits and berries in season, or sweeter than a sincerely loving family circle, we haven't seen than berries, for less with frozen anytime 15f it. Nor do we expect to see a happier picture this side of perfect yourself what See for a half pound!

flavored jam really tastes like... make unheaven. But just such scenes of wonderful reunion assuredly

the recipes with jams cooked (3.J/2-02.) of PECTIN!in every(Recipespackagefor will be a most important part of the highest blessings of M.C.P.

finest cooked jams and jellies are there, too, if heaven, with loved ones watching, waiting, even as they do you still prefer them.) here, as we return from short periods of separation—even

as this young family were looking for their returning father.

God has not deceived us nor placed in us a false expectancy

MAKE FROZEN FRUIT DRINKS EVEN as concerning things that mean the most. Our Lord and

... said, to prepare simply a place "I go for you, MORE ENJOYABLE AND WHOLESOME! Savior

there I am, ye be also."that where not 1 That was may

BELIEVE IT'S HARD TO fruit drinks merely a promise of remembrance, but of the reality of rethat refreshing pineorange, like frozen Scripture union.

grape Concord apple, and quarrel we juices, can be improved with it—foris filledtherewithissucha Godassurance.in heavenWhywhoshouldmade

upon for enjoyment and us in his image, whose children we are, who has given us

But, they wholesomeness.

can... and merely by intelligence and truth, and life and love and loved ones,

pectin very same using M.C.P. PECTIN—the

the pecnot to be done away in a moment, but to go on from here Adding and jelly! to used make jam

tin gives these fruit juices an extra smoothalways and forever. This doesn't make parting easy. Partde- them extra that makes ness "body"and being from loved ones isn't ever altogether easy. But the parttoo, taste; extra wholesome, lightful to

to (as pectin of an aid healthfulness cause the is futile, called ing not has given final nor death for He who proper food digestion and life also hereafter. here, us life given is us has This can these we new the fruit. of to that added Weassimilation)call

ADES"fruit beverages... and"M.C.P.they're aPECTINspecial developFRUIT- count on, as we stand by the graves of loved ones laid

ment of the M.C.P. Kitchen Laboratory. If away. Anne Morrow Lindbergh has given us this thoughtthe recipes like you'd

Kitchen Laboratory,... Anaheim,just writeCalif.the ful sentence: "Who is not afraid of pure space—that breath- M.C.P.

taking empty space of an open door? But despite fear, one

goes through to the room beyond."2 Death is also such a

closes upon the past, but also THIS UNUSUAL HOME PRESERVE door—not a door that merely

IS WELL WORTH A TRY! a door we walk through to more light, to more living, to

loved ones whose eyes will light at our coming, and we shall

WITH IT'S MADE ripe know that we are home again, as once we were. of course, and, tomatoes

dependable M.C.P. JAM

AND JELLY PECTIN. A

if favorite with great many, square from temple lAJonl Zfhe Spohen it, never you've made PRESENTED BROADCASTING OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA it find delightful you'll and a change from the SYSTEM, MAY 27, 1956 usual, jams and jellies. It's- another of the Copyright 1956

many "special''recipes in the complete Recipe

PECTIN. aAnne Morrow Lindbergh, Gift from the Sea.VFolder in every package (3Vi- z -) of M.C.P. JJohn 14:2-3.

580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA RGLFE PETERSON the ofcrnijaiince ofradio

JeQt for fun hear Kolfe on your4 favorite ahows

The Rolfe JfetersonShow"7:15 TO 7:45AM

ROLFE AGAIN // 3:05 TO 3:55PM

ThisistheNEWS?''

5:15 TO 5:30 PM

The Late lfelterson 9:30 TO 10:00PM

1160 on y&ixir dial o CBSj&t the,Mountain West

AUGUST 1956 581 Church College in Hawaii sharebrotherhood.the gospel spirit of interracial

(Concluded from page 580) voice college choir, publication of the Thus the home of the touristvarious needed trades are in Laie student newspaper Ke Alaka'i (The renowned "Hukilau"in "old Laie from the mainland on missions to Leader) and the yearbook Na Hoa bay,"of spectacular Laniloa point, complete the college. They are asPono (The Righteous Companions), and of the glistening Hawaiian Temsisted by twentyfive to fifty island and selection of an Alma Mater song ple will inspire multitudes as a joymen also called as labor missionaries, and school colors (Crimson, Gold, and ous college community. Laie begins

who will learn trades as they build Gray). Thrilling devotional assembly to fulfil the prayer of President David

for their Church. Many of these are addresses by five General Authorities O. McKay at the groundbreaking

also enrolled in evening gospel study of the Church, Elders Harold B. Lee, "that this college, and the temple,

courses at the college. Spencer W. Kimball, Delbert L. and the town of Laie, may become a

The Industrial Education Shop was Stapley, Marion D. Hanks, and missionary factor, influencing not

the first permanent building comThorpe B. Isaacson highlighted the thousands, not tens of thousands, but

pleted. Rapid progress is now being year. millions of people who will come

seeking what the town and to know classthe administration on andmade predicted future, the Elder Lee For are."its significance for buildings scheduled comroom

this college beacon be a that would of year.pletion of antiquity, next Construction refuge Hawaiian The to Asia, an essential source of gospel

is also proceeding buildingsthe other Laie, the harassed where could by simultaneously. light for its awakening multitudes. custom find safety from enemies, is

A bulging nascent year for the Edward L. Clissold, president of becoming a haven of worship and

Church College of Hawaii contained, Oahu Stake, in a recent flagraising learning for young Americans of as well as studies, several baptisms ceremony on the permanent campus, many races, who but for its opporof converted students, adoption of a averred that students will come to tunities might be harried for life student constitution, election of the this college from the whole Pacific by those most ancient enemies of first student officers, an entertaining area, from the mainland, and from all men, spiritual and intellectual play, tour appearances of the sixty the far places of the earth seeking to poverty.

the degree of glory to which he would

Before This World. What? rise. After our experiences were com-

(Continued from page 565) the little girl to the joys of civilizapleted, if we were faithful we would to of return presence the our Heavenfirst tion, to treated her so he her this in world Conditions new ly in live to Father happiJesus and ice cone. anticipaIn eager cream anything be different from wewould

gloriin state perfected ness a a with tion, of this for she long heard had have ever would known.had We fied forever. body food, to delicious the she cone put life. of former ourno remembrance

council called a So grand God just jerked as quickly but mouth, to things by her have do would manyWe all his of in heaven, meeting where it away.faith. to tempsubject be would We spirit represented, children were and is matter,"the the asked "What evil, disease, to paintation and and

Lucifer, plan. his great revealed one it?"missionary, "don't you like sickness, death.to sorrow, and We of our brothers called Son was who girl the little to (Hot) earn our have "Ua vea veal"to workwould

bread. replied. Having never experienced of the Morning, volunteered to direct

activities in the the world, but new of sensation the cold before, she did if ourIn this we proved new life, Father's to the change he wanted it not was. know what enbeselves worthy, would we of force the plan. use and Through

couraged and guided to live as God So it must have been before we taking away man's freedom he would would have us live, but no one would came to this earth. To know the cause all men to live according to the

be forced. The period of time in full meaning of joy, we must expericommandments and return them all

which we would go to the new world ence sorrow; to appreciate fully the to the presence of their Father. But

and the opportunities we would have joys of radiant good health and the he wanted, selfishly, the credit of the would depend upon our worthiness blessings of a peaceful mind, we must plan, and the honor he asked for as demonstrated by our actions in know physical and mental pain; to himself.

our spirit life, sometimes called our become stronger morally we must This plan suggested by Lucifer is "first estate."Some would live but overcome temptation; to grow more not unlike, in many respects, the

a few short minutes. Others would faithful we must exercise faith. system of government we know as

live many years. Because of their In this new life, if we kept the comcommunism. Under such a governfaithfulness some of the spirits would mandments which were given and ment most things are done by force.

be chosen before they left the spirit were faithful in all things, we would A man is told where he can work world to be prophets and leaders. experience joy that we had never and where he can live; how much

known before. As all would make money he can make and how much

A little Polynesian girl from a remistakes in the growing process, all of his crops he can use for himself.

-*-* mote island in the Tuamotu would be given the same opportunity He does not have free agency. UnArchipelago journeyed with her parto repent. A Savior would be proder such a scheme all of the noble

ents to the big island of Tahiti for vided to atone for the sin of this purposes of God for his children could the first time. A missionary on Tahiti world. Three kingdoms would be not have been brought to pass. God,

who had known the family on their provided with many degrees of glory. of course, rejected Lucifer's plan.

home island, wished to help introduce Each of us would earn for himself (Continued on page 584) 582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fresh golden honey, rich graham flour...make

NABISCO Sugar HONEY GRAHAMS

"*%,ig /if 1IB III HI,:sP;;>s mWM r WmM ><tm?h:

IS i:::.!IBis /

11& JPWISIS IP.:;;:"111 Naturally delicious flavor in Nabisco Sugar

Honey Grahams because they're made with the finest ingredients and baked by Nabisco in a special way. Won't spoil youngsters'appetites

for regular meals because they digest so easily.

Always get Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams..

your family will say "they're the best!"

EACH

CRACKER BREAKS INTO PERFECT SIZE FOR EATING

Available in oneand two -pound packages.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY AUGUST 1956 583 Before This World. What?

(Continued from page 582) mean being born as a baby, growing

But Jesus offered to go saying, to manhood, teaching the gospel, "Father, thy will be done, and the showing man the way, voluntarily

WAPOMTIB MILK glory be thine forever."He accepted dying for the sins brought into the

in full and without question the plan world by the first man, and being of the Father and offered to go to resurrected. He knew, too, that the

the new world and be our Lord and responsibility of watching over this our Savior. He knew this would (Continued on page 586)

It's better blending (f)>N2s9J\DN?v>OOsrN

...that good 1 Ccommevicemevit—atdeason or decidieaiion Morning Milk

Richard L. Evans

Enjoy tastier dishes Iby using Whenever we arrive anywhere, wherever we are is but a

Morning Milk instead o place from which to proceed to the next place. Those

at this realiarrived to have commencement have come who ordinary milk or cream. For ftft

life is product; a finished and a zation—for process, and not

Morning Milk is superso is learning—or should be—all of which is somewhat

homogenized to a creamysummarized in this quoted sentence: "If you were graduated

yesterday, and have learned nothing today, you will be un- 1 This may, in a sense, seem discoursmooth consistency to blend educated tomorrow."

better with all other ingredaging, but in reality it is what keeps our interest in life fresh ients. and alive. Commencement is a season of decision—a season

when those who have been pursuing a more or less required

No other form of milk can curriculum must now commit themselves to another course:

guarantee such superior what of employment—what further preparation to pursue

of military of of many what marriage—what service—what cooking results. easy. isn't altogether decisions other matters? Facing such

It never was. But neither is it a time for unwarranted worry

for others before have also faced uncertainties and decisions and have found their faith justified in the future. To you

who come to commencement: Don't expect everything all atFREES once. Be content with taking the first good, solid step you

Beautiful White & Gold can see. You can't learn everything all at once; you can't

Ball Point Pen covered be everything all at once; you can't acquire everything all

with Jewels -PERFUMEDINK at once. There is a certain seasoning and maturing process

1 that must enter in. Let patience replace any disposition to

resolve to enjoy arriving, of process what in panic; the and—and a chance to make forthright. to day. and from Be friendly day to have do you SPARETIME MONEY EASY Give honest value to every person who employs you. ReEXCLUSIVE Novelties, showing

Stationery, Greeting Cards solve to take responsibility, to earn the right to be relied coupon and your name and through. tempted be by shoddy to follow Don't upon, beauti-

"Wonder FREE—thisaddressour on Justbrings—absolutelyful Jeweled shortcuts. each day so that questionable enough Pen—PLUS hard Work -a: Novelties, Stationery, displaying Box"

of Unusual satis- 3 of Gift and sincere sense settle sleep to a Wraps with can you down approval. on Cards BoxesWe

to taught to to those grateful ones, have faction. includemake loved that howalso Special Plan Be shows who

is goodFREE,moneywhetherin spareyoutime.returnJeweled"WonderPen you, to all who have helped. Be grateful for everything that

for not. or Send Box"it now while God has given, including life and work and truth and inlasts. limited of pens supply

live to to 99It gave it to you Dept. is a telligence. good life. CO., God GENERAL CARD

III. 7, Blvd. Chicago 1300 W. Jackson ability. with be blessed wisdom you your the best of May

in decision, with persistence in preparation, with willingness in work, and with peace and high purpose. As you move on

in your hearts happiness you from commencement, God give

NOVELTIES STATIONERYPERSONAL GREETING fullest preparation for steps and to take the further and faith CARDS performance. And as past years have unfolded for you, so

Dept. 99-J GENERAL COMPANY, CARD Illinois may you trust for the future. 7, Jackson Blvd., Chicago 1300 West

with Pen BallPoint Gold and Please White the Jeweled send me your approval, on send, Also FREE. absolutely Ink Perfumed

"Stationery, of Personal Display with a Box"Wonder lAJora table SQUARE Novelties; exclusive Jlie Spoken a newChristmas FROM TEMPLE Wrappings, Cards,

complete Cards. of also,Include Greeting Unusual 3 Giftand Novelty

BROADCASTING PLAN. of details MAKING your BoxesSPARETIME OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA MONEY PRESENTED

YOUR NAME SYSTEM, ]UNE 3, 1956 Copyright 1956

ADDRESS. xAuthor unknown.

CITY ZONE STATE 584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Graduates of Brigham Young University are in de- 'PtefeanecC mand over the nation because of their superior training, not only in their academic fields, but also in preparation for life. The Church University is able to

train the WHOLE man simultaneously, and because of this deep education of mind and soul the excellence of BYU students is recognized. Get your education the Y's way. Plan NOW to attend autumn

quarter. For information write Public Services,

Brigham Young University AUGUST 1956 585 Before This World, What?

For Church (Continued from page 584) belled against God. In his selfishness

new world and all the activities there and greed and desire for power and be his. over honor, he to his side one won School would God accepted the offer of When third of hosts the of heaven.

Jesus and rejected the plan of Lucifer, A great struggle then took place or Auditorium Lucifer became very angry and re- (Continued on page 588)

V>NN3sX2v:

fany ine56em Richard L. Evans

1"\ften poses—butwe entertimeeachis seasonso swift,withandnewtheplansmonthsand movenew purby,

and we look back and wonder how they could have gone so suddenly and soon. Only a little longer and this year will

be half over. Only a little longer and the sun again will

THE INCOMPARABLE be receding to the south. Only a little longer and school

w will begin again. Only a little longer and again we shall "Artist CONNThis superb instrument offers at be looking back on another summer season. Always there

moderate cost, complete tonal reis less time left—a fact that we sometimes face with feelings

sources, in design, is simple of frustration so are because busy sometimes we busy—too to operate. easy Features two indeare to think about enough busy about. what we Why are manuals. pendent

THE IDEAL ORGAN we so busy when we work fewer hours than those who have

FOR LARGER HOMES, gone before? Why are we so busy when machines perform

CHURCHES, SCHOOLS so many services? Are we busier than our grandparents

instrumusical Created by conveniences, fewer CONN, fewer had fewer unwho services—and

specialists for a nearly ment essential? those all their Are we busier than who processed

versatile "Artist"the century, organ provides a whole wondrous world winter food, than those who sewed and churned and milked fingertips. at of your musical magic those cut squared and trees and down who mended—than

it is to so play, so easy Yet harvested simple with and planted hoed up logs, and and it See hear easy and to own! now.

—Easy Terms—tools? Are we busier than pioneer and pilgrim parents,

who, with all they did, yet seemingly found time for some of the real essentials? Could it be that we have somewhat enslaved ourselves with many unessentials? It seems sometimes

we work so hard at leisure—so hard at entertaining ourselves—and load our lives with the impediment of paraphernalia. (The boy with the bent pin, the worm, and the willow pole has all but passed!) And we work so hard at social

situations. As one eminent writer recently wrote: "The

man who has made his mark is caught up in an eternal 'aunes Miisic process. The social machine, so cunningly contrived, passes

him from cylinder to cylinder, from roller to roller,... from

dinner to dinner, and each day that passes, flattens him out 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVOj/'2260 WASHINGTON5affakeBLVD..OGDENCYfy a little more."1 This doesn't mean that we would return to

primitive times. The conveniences and services we have

are a boundless blessing. But can we recapture some things

we seem to have lost? Can we avoid letting unessentials

enslave us? Can we resolve to seek somewhat to simplify,

and to make a new appraisal of what we really consider essential, with a little more living, a little less of mere mechanics, a little less time on the treadmill, a little less of meaningless motions. God help us to use well and meaningExclusive custom designed wedding fully the short and precious seasons—as the shortness of

gowns to meet Temple Marriage time moves into the endless events of eternity.

specifications. Complete bridal

service within your budget.

The West's finest formal store "7/She -Spoken Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, JUNE 10, 1956 Copyright 1956 inc. 242 East South Temple DA 2-0252 ]Andre Maurois, Olympio: The Life of Victor Hugo.

Salt Lake City, Utah

586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERI No Door Offers More!

... the RYLOCK Aluminum

Combination Screen and Storm Door

... A screen door in summer

... A storm door in winter

Designed for beauty as well

as functional excellence... easy to

install and maintain. Glass inserts

quickly change this beautiful screen

door into a weathertite storm door.

Automatic check closer and springloaded safety chain. Screening or

glass easily and economically reSee your Rylock dealer today!

placeable if damaged.

Check the Yellow Pages of your Telephone Book under "ScreensWindow and Door"... or write us. Illustrated brochure on request.

LTD. RYLOCK COMPANY, SCREENS!SCREENnulock.DOORS

Factory and Main Office: 2485 Washington Avenue, San Leandro, California

Southern California Branch Office: 1922 So. Santa Fe Avenue, Los Angeles, California

AUGUST 1956 587 Before This World, What?

UTAH STATE SERVES THE STATE between(Continuedthose whofromfollowedpage 586)Lucifer, whom we know now as Satan, and those who remained faithful to God, AND led by Jesus. Because Satan and his

followers had knowingly and openly rebelled against righteousness and You tried to overthrow God himself, they cut themselves off from the glorious facilities spiritual educational combine Our privilege of eternal progression and for principles of the building and religious strong characters. Training is offered in were cast out of heaven. God, knoweight basic schools thus enabling students ing all things from the beginning,

to prepare for making a living as well as had worked into his great plan the a useful life. idea of using Satan and his followers

as tools to help bring about his

Write for information. righteous purposes.

Registration dates: What a glorious day it must have

been when the spirits in heaven Utah State, September 2022.

College of Southern Utah, Seplearned of the opportunity they were "CH tember 2224. going to have to go to a new world

Snow College, September 1718. and take up mortal bodies and have

all of the experiences they had so long awaited! Job says that they

were so happy that "the morning all of the UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL CULLEGE starssons ofsangGodtogether,shouted andfor joy."(Job

DARYL CHASE, President 38:7.)

Part of the great creations of God

LOGAN, UTAH was the planet Earth. In this creation again, Jesus was the central figure and came along with Michael, who

is called the great archangel, to this section of the universe, upon instructions of the Father, to form a world, which they did in six days or periods of time.

Just imagine the great power and knowledge it required to organize this world, as small a part of the creations of God as it is! After they

had divided the light from the darkness, the land from the waters, brought forth grass and made the moon and the sun and the stars, they created the fish and the animals.

Then came the greatest creation of all, man and woman, made in the very likeness or image of God. How

logical for the great and faithful archangel, Michael, who assisted in the creation of this world, to be

ELECTION whenYou'll yoube rightfollowonthetopcompleteof the electionelection scenenews Adam,chosen asthethegreatestfirst manofonallthepioneers,earthin your Deseret News. Expert local writers the earthly father of all men.

headed by M. DeMar Teuscher,.. fine Genesis states that "God formed

of the ground, of the dust and man national columnists... and expert upto* nostrils his the breath into breathedBANDWAGON

theminute reports are complete in every of life; and man became a living

detail, interestingly presented. You can be soul.""Here then is the explanation

proud of your Deseret News. for life and death in this world

the spirit combined with the earthly spirit is eternal. It canbody. The

life die It gives destroyed. or be BffSMRBT MSW$ not

Sail fafce fgfefegRnn Gen. 2:7.

588 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to the mortal body which is made up of the elements of the earth. So long

as the spirit is there, the body is active, but when the spirit leaves, the body is dead.

Here also, long before the foundations of the earth were laid, begins the story of Jesus the Christ, the

Firstborn of the Father, the creator of the heavens and the earth, the

Lord and Savior of this world.

(Next month: Jesus Christ, The God

of the Old Testament)

The Handcarts of '56

(Continued from page 570) Company. It presented a pathetic

spectacle. One who was there wrote

later, "Shouts of joy rent the air;

strong men wept till tears ran freely down their furrowed and sunburnt cheeks, and little children fairly danced around with gladness."But

not all rejoiced. Already twenty had

perished, of whom nineteen were men. Messengers carried word of the

serious condition to teamsters in the rear, and others pushed on to the

Martin Company. Several days still

separated the victims from effective succor, and the death toll mounted higher. When at last relief trains

penetrated the snow barrier, it was only to effect a partial rescue. Over

two hundred dead remained to mark the scenes of tragedy.

When the survivors arrived in Salt

Lake on the ninth and last of November, respectively, no pains were spared in Zion for their relief and comfort.

News of the latter company's arrival Summertime Special!

came during the Sunday morning service. Brigham Young immediately

dismissed the congregation with a classic declaration of the true principles of the Christian faith: Postum Milk Shake

When those persons arrive I do not want to see them put into houses by themselves. Just think—the most refreshing treat you'll taste all summer

in to have I want them distributed this is made from your favorite wintertime drink—Instant Postum good, city the families that have among

comfortable houses; and I wish the sisters This delicious, grainrich beverage is made of whole wheat

and all know me, who how andnow before and bran—tastes as good with cold milk as it does with hot waitcan, them, to nurse and and upon

prudently administer medicine and food to water or hot milk!

will afternoon meeting them.... The be Why not surprise your family with frosty Postum milk

for the sisters omitted, to go home I wish and prepare to give those who have just shakes today? Just follow the quick, easy directions on the jar.

arrived a mouthful of something to eat and to wash them and nurse them up....

Prayer is good, but when (as on this occasion) baked potatoes and pudding and milk are needed, prayer will not supply their place. Give every duty its proper time and place.4 Instant Postum

Then, setting an example for them America's favorite cereal beverage all, the President issued instructions

Another fine product of General Foods (Continued on following page) AUGUST 1956 589 '56 of The Handcarts

page) Get this NEW (Continued from preceding to the Presiding Bishop that any or all of the immigrants for whom accommodations were lacking should be Travel Booklet sent to his own house.

He urged continually that emigration should commence early. He FREE pointed the finger of responsibility tostated in a letter dated October 31st, at any ward the frontier agents when he

1856: "This year's operations have

Utoco **'k at;.. eminentlysuccess of provedthe handthecartfeasibilityenterpriseand

when the business is rightly managed and the companies leave the frontiers Dealer in anything like the proper season.

Those companies that left Iowa City in the forepart of July arrived in good time and were in excellent condition and spirits."5 Franklin D. Richards

wrote defensively in November, "The

President has graciously approved of our general operations in getting the

Saints off by hand -carts, the most important objectionable feature being 'too late,'concerning which I experienced as great or greater care last

It's a handy packetsize illusFebruary and March than we can now entertain for their welfare."6

trated booklet of travel hints Profiting by the experiences of the and scenic attractions, full precedingtaken to insureyear, particularearly departurecare wasof of tips on where to go, how future emigrants from Europe. "It is

our intention,"announced the Milto get there, and what to lennial Star, "to have our through emigration hereafter embark from see in Utah, Idaho, and Liverpool in the month of February parts of Washington, Oreso as to be able to leave the Missouri

River for the plains by. the middle of

gon, Wyoming and Nevada. May or the first of June, and arrive

in Utah in August."7

Two small companies, totaling 567,

Give your car the care it deserves crossed the plains in 1857, led by

Israel Evans and Christian Christianat Utoco Dealers sen. Because of the Utah War, Mormon migration in 1858 was limited to

where you expect more and you get it! returning missionaries. A company

of 235 followed George Rowley with their handcarts in 1859, and in 1860, 349 were piloted by Daniel Robinson and Oscar Stoddard. A total of 8000

Mormon converts migrated from EuEVERYBODY LOOKS rope1856 toto 1860.AmericaOf inthese,the 3008periodwalkedfrom

BETTER IN the entire distance from Iowa City to

Salt Lake Valley pushing or pulling their worldly possessions on handcarts. 8

The handcart episode in the Latterday Saint "gathering"program looms larger in its spiritual significance than in its temporal achievement. Although brief in duration and involving only three percent of a hundred

590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA thousand emigrants from Europe, it typified the spirit of the gathering in its intensity. It was an expression

of eagerness to escape "Babylon"to help build "the kingdom"in Zion. PROGRESS

It represented a measure of willingness to sacrifice for "treasures in heaven."It was the answer of the for the "U"...and for You!"Lord's poor"to their living prophet's

question, "Do you like this way of traveling? Do you think salvation

costs too much? If so, it is not worth

having.",..,.—

BIBLIOGRAPHY

i Mil Clayton, William, Latterday Saint hymn.

2Deseret News, VL252.

3LDS Journal History, October 7, 1856.

Roberts, B. H., The History of the

Church, Vol. IV: 100, quoting "History of

Brigham Young,"MS, November 30, 1856.

5Deseret News, VI: p. 382 and LDS Journal History, October 31, 1856.

"Millennial Star, XIX: 109. Ibid., 249. NEW UNION BUILDING

Emigration MS in Church Historian's

Office. Compiled from Millennial Star. This beautiful new Union Building of Utah provides unusual educational

will be ready for University Students opportunities along with conveniences, to use and enjoy this fall. It's ansavings and the very important factor

other major step in the program of of home environment.

progress that has made the U of U one The University offers outstanding

THE EMISSARY of America's foremost universities. instructors in a wide variety of fields.

By F. Burton Howard This progress at the "U"can enUnusually fine religious training also

hance your personal progress and plans is available through the Institute of 'The young man walked down the city for the future. Now the University Religion.

street In a strange land, with his own now far away, his newness clashed with the echoing Enroll at the "U"this Fall!And

beat Of oxcarts, and small brown feet. And

they say FRESHMEN REGISTER SEPT. 20

That he preached a better world to those loved their own, who he prayed, "Oh, God, I would my good OTHERS REGISTER SEPT. 2122And

be known."And no one understood.... For full information write: Office of the President

The young man stopped in the pitted road,

His manner not shiny now, and gazed

On tattered roofs, and backs beneath their of heavy load,And vaguely sensed the meaning of eternal UNIVERSITY UTAH days. preached, "Come follow me that you SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAHAnd might have rest,"And prayed, "Oh, God, help me to do my best."And few men understood.... Ever think what would happen if

The young man trudged down the country lane, now, still searching other paths fire were to lay waste your home,No stranger to roam, But somehow unashamed, a little older now See the friendly Agent of the he came. within his heart he sang, "This deepAnd UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. is earth home."

And he preached the brotherhood of man in your locality. He will be glad to help you check your

peace and charity; and Policies. Or see... prayed, "Oh, Lord, that I may be And

worthy of such as these, in some far eternity."HEBER J. GRANT & CO.

And lo, He understood. General Agents

20 South Main—Salt Lake City

AUGUST 1956 Melchizedek Priesthood holders reMelchizedek Priesthood ceive appointments either as elders, seventies, or high priests; and the offices in the Aaronic Priesthood are

Its Appendages and Keys deacons, teachers, and priests. Presidencies are set apart to preside over

Priesthood and Its Appendages but there are different portions or deeach of these offices and callings in grees of it."1 the priesthood. Also, there are other

Defined: First—Priesthood offices as in apospriesthood the such

his In book, recent Doctrines most is of the power God tles, of All patriarchs, bishops.Priesthood and Salvation, President 3, volume of Jothe the Eternal power which by offices callings constitute these and question, Fielding asks the seph Smith his Father Begotten Only and priestin the various appointments

are there?"priesthoods many "How in rightall their works performSon are thereby appendages and hood follows: as answers then and

It earth.eousness on in heaven and thereto. President quote Joseph To

is the power by which God has acThe answer is that there is one priestFielding Smith:

complished his great works in the hood, but the Lord divided it into two past, through which he operates at divisions known as the Melchizedek and... not only is the office of the bishop

priesthood, to the appendage and elder an Priesthood. speak We sometimes he Aaronic through whichthe present, and

all office, is for so other they every but is of Levitical the part a Priesthood which to accomplishwill his marcontinue of apostle, priesthood. out the grow The of the Priesthood.'Aaronic Aaronic The

velous achievements in the future. Priesthood embraces the offices that have high priest, seventy, and every other office

Priesthood is also "the power of to do with the temporal matters of the is an appendage to the priesthood.

all himself, has, that declared Lord The of crying the Church, repentance baphis in and to act to manGod delegated s authorities in or the offices are Church for tism sins. the remission of is It earth."the herestead upon

is to priesthood; the to that appendages priestthe there says Lord are two When all that the priesthood thethrough are they priesthood circumscribed by is hoods, of he divisions speaking of the say,

5 perare it. gospel of the ofordinances out grow and priesthood. Prophet Joseph has The Smith

formed and made binding. It is the explained to us as recorded in the conferauthority by which the Church of ence minutes, October 5, 1840: "Its [priestThird—Receiving all the Priesthood

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was hood's] institution was prior to 'the foundawith Restriction on Its Use:

organized in this the last dispensation, tionsang oftogether,this earth,or the orSonsthe ofmorningGod shoutedstars and it is also the authority by which for joy,'and is the highest and holiest When the Holy Melchizedek Priestthe Church through the various dispriesthood, and is after the order of the hood is conferred upon a male mempensations has functioned under the Son of God, and all other priesthoods are ber of the Church of Jesus Christ, he parts, only ramifications, blesspowers, and receives priesthood, all of the but he holy prophets.direction of the

ings belonging to the same, are held, and officially to function is not authorized 4 the sealing contains Priesthood controlled, it."directed and by

power of all of the gospel ordinances; in all the offices in the priesthood. It

thus all contracts, ordinances, and Since the Melchizedek Priesthood may be that he receives the office of blessings which are sealed upon includes the Aaronic Priesthood, when elder, seventy, or high priest, and the

Church program. Other individuals a male member of the Church of Jesus office that he receives designates his

through the priesthood and sanctified Christ has had the Melchizedek calling and appointments. On this

through the sealing power of the Holy Priesthood bestowed upon him and subject President Joseph Fielding

Spirit of Promise. has been ordained to the office of an Smith stated:

The vitality and enduring strength elder, a seventy, or a high priest, by When an elder is ordained, he receives and power of the Church of Jesus virtue of that ordination he holds the the Melchizedek Priesthood and then the

Christ of Latterday Saints is resident Aaronic Priesthood also. Thus one office of elder, seventy, or a high priest, as

the office the case he which may be, and or Priesthood, the holding the Priesthood,in the Melchizedek Melchizedek receives duties. designates of his the nature God. authorized, from authority authority derived hasdivine when duly

The Savior has endowed his Church to officiate in the various functions of Keys of the Priesthood with "the Holy Priesthood after the the Aaronic Priesthood.

Order of the Son of God"through In order that the program of the First—Keys of Directing Priesthood

which every ordinance of the gospel Church may be carried forward efActivities:

performed on or in behalf of worthy fectively and the kingdom of God The Lord has established his individuals will endure eternally and built in righteousness, the Lord not Church and kingdom as a "house of be officially recognized, sanctioned, onlyestablished two grand divisions order."To prevent any confusion, it

and sanctified by the Father and the in the priesthood but he also instituted is necessary that every act performed

Son.Second—Appendages to the PriestofficesJoseph inFieldingeachSmith,of theseTeachingsdivisions.of the ProphetThe throughshould bethedonepowerat theofproperthe priesthoodtime and

hood: Joseph

2D & Smith,C 107:1-6.p. 180. place as well as in the proper way and

According to the Prophet Joseph s!bid., 20:4659; 84:2630; 107:20.

Smith, "All Priesthood is Melchizedek, 3, Josephp. 103. Fielding Smith, Doctrines of Salvation, vol. -Ibid.,"Smith, pp.op. 105106;cit., p. 105.D & C 84:2930; 107:5, 14.

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

after the proper order. Thus'it is with Malachi's promise of the coming President of the Church was given by

necessary that all Church functions of Elijah. Of what significance to the President Joseph Fielding Smith:

performed by holders of the priestworld was Elijah's coming? The

hood be directed along certain chanProphet Joseph Smith answered that While the majority of the male memnels. The power of directing these question clearly as follows: bers hold the priesthood and are called to

laborers constitutes the keys to the officiate in a general way in the ordinances.of all, gospel, yet the should we, one and for priesthood; example, a temple last Elijah that the the held prophet was

it is realize in that the vested the power will, of the priesthood, keys becarries and his president who forward work of of President the the virtue by Church last fore restore the dispensation, the aucertain along a channel because the holds, keys in he Elijah which from come thority priestdeliver of the the keys and particular to right of the other from prophets so and to delegated has do been all in order hood, the that ordinances may old in general, the valid makes auwhich to the the holding keys one by him is It in to attended true righteousness. be thority possess. that which Without we of all functions priesthood, the that the nameSavior to authority had power and

its central authority keys with commanding this blessing; the bestow of ly, sons but Levi the of President the Church. The privilege the to and extended the holdmen

I too prejudiced. were will send "And fact true holds same mission with ing this priesthood the person one by who

Elijah the before Prophet tergreat the and presides, the act of are those ordained presidencies, presidencies, stake who quoto priesthood the could not be administered presidencies, bishoprics, all rum and etc. of the Lord,"rible day send in righteousness. Why

official other laborers vinein God's Elijah? keys Because holds the the he of Peter, restored the James, and MelJohn yard. these are presidencies While to authority administer the in all ordinances

all of chizedek Priesthood out which the priesthood: the authority of and without given the the keys are thereby duly and officers of the come; but the ordinances

is given, the ordinances could not authorized to carry their parforward he adgospel are which of virtue performed by 10 in righteousness. that their receive Priesthood High final ticular assignments, are they not ministered

given at that particular time the keys sanction and approval hy the virtue of the authority. other In they are of words of Sealing Power Rekeys Fourth—Keys of directing other phases of the in as well as heaven bound hy on earth stored by Elijah: program. individuals Church Other virtue the sealing power."of

are given those keys.... The President of the Church holds

"The Melchizedek Priesthood holds According to President Joseph the keys over all the Church. In him is

the right of presidency, and has power Fielding Smith, the special dispensaconcentrated the power of the priesthood.

all holds the of keys every nature, perof tion Elijah the Prophet was the He all offices authority in and over the to taining the fulness dispensation of of the of."7 keys sealing power... To quote: church in all ages of the world, times. All of the keys former dispensations

Therefore, the highest office in the which have been revealed are vested in

Melchizedek Priesthood, as well as in The Lord gave unto Elijah the keys of him.

in his presidency keys the kingof time—the are taught that the a of everlasting of new and Christ LatterChurch Jesus We

is it the keys the sealing dom, power; and of the gospel fulness covenant the embraces is Saints, office the of First day the sealing that the gave which power him of the contract, covenant, gospel—everyof Presidency, of consisting right Presiofficiate. to the authority the and And obligation, bond, the vow, authority—and said Lord unto him, bind "That which you his dent Counselors. and two The this keys of authority are Presiheld the by

earth shall in on be heaven."That bound of First the is of members of Presidency the dent of Church, the President who

is his great in that was, power how and day is Priesthood, there High never "and but the also as Church, function the who Elijah officiated stood for the peoand up at the earth one a time on this on whom of Presidency Priesthood, the. High,u in ple the sealing power.

this the of power keys and priesthood are "... if Elijah restored this all to officiate right to a have in. Church, and, 1* conferred."

8 it, they receive to would the world, the offices in the the since church,"they... these holds keys The by who man of the keys sealing sealing that power; and all hold of "the spiritual keys the virtue of his right, right that which God puts of the power approval stamp upon 9 in is It blessings himself in has the vested right church-—him, to has the under is every this ordinance that in done Church

their direction and authorization that and more particularly those that are perdelegate authority and to withdraw authority as he sees fit and receive inspiration in temples Lord. of the all the appendages to the Melchizedek formed

to do. of... Some members the Church... have so operate. Priesthood

been confused in thinking that Elijah came No man, I do not care who he is or hoio

Second—Keys of Sealing Power: withvationkeysforof thebaptismdead.for Elijah'sthe dead keysor ofweresalmuchofficiatepriesthoodin any ordinancehe holds, ofhasthisthegospelright forto

The keys of the Melchizedek Priestgreater than that. They were the keys of any soul contrary to the sanction and aphood hold the sealing power for all sealing, and those keys of sealing pertain proval of the man who holds the keys of

authority to the living in the Church. Now the Lord has and embrace the dead who are the ordinances of the gospel of Jesus 12 told us that. willing to repent.

Christ. Except the ordinances be... Remember there is only one man on

sealed upon the individual, they are the face of the earth who holds the sealing not valid in the sight of God and are Fifth—Keys Held by Presidents of power of the priesthood, and he can delenot binding in the world to come. the Church: gate that power unto others that they may

act, and that they may seal on earth, and it it is is valid, binding, as so long he Elijah: Held hy following Third—Keys excellent discussion The it; if sanctions withdraws he it, no man

15 record The Old Testament keys closes on of the priesthood and the exercise that can power.

107:8. 10Smith, TD & C Doctrines

sIhid., 107:9. 127. Ibid., p. of Salvation, vol. 3, pp. 128129. uIbid.,lbid., p.p.- 139.135.

Vbid., 107:18. Ibid., pp. 129130. 15Ibid., pp. 135136.

AUGUST 1956 593 The Presiding

Gathering Fast Offerings Deacons to Count Study Guide For Ward Teachers

First Meeting Each Month August 1956

Attendance at Sacrament Meeting Principle of an Essential the Gospel to believe that attendance essential principle meeting at Sacrament of the is an conWeinhavemanysomewardsreasonthe procedure Regular cerning the priesthood meeting for those gospel of Jesus Christ, and no member of the Church (except those engathering fast offerings on the first gaged in special Church assignments) can keep God's commandments

Sunday in each month is not being fully if he does not abide by this principle.

followed. A commandment was given to the Church in this dispensation which

Your new handbook, pp. 8384, gives requires all members to attend Sacrament meeting. (D & C 59:8-21.)

specific instructions on this matter. An important part of the gospel in all dispensations has been the

While those who gather fast offerobservance of Sabbath day laws, the Master having continuously admonings on fastday morning during the ished true worshipers to "Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy."

priesthood hour are excused from attend- (Exodus 20:8.) In this dispensation, Church members have received the

ing the general priesthood meeting, they following commandment:

are not excused from attending the "... the inhabitants of Zion shall also observe the Sabbath day to

opening exercises of their own quorum keep it holy."(D & C 68:29.)

meeting conducted by the quorum presiChurch leaders maintain that Sacrament meeting attendance constidency before quorum members are sent tutes a paramount requirement of Sabbath day observance. Consider the

out to gather fast offerings. If a boy does following purposes for attending these meetings:

not attend his quorum meeting before First: A vital reason for attending Sacrament meeting is to render obedigathering fast offerings, he is to be ence to God's commandment. At the grand council in heaven, Jesus promarked absent, and his absence will be claimed that one of the principal purposes of mortality would be to see if

counted against his award record in atGod's children "... will do all things whatsoever the Lord their God shall

tendance at priesthood meeting. command them."(Abraham 3:25.)

Occasionally we hear the lament Second: Church members should attend Sacrament meeting each week,

"Our deacons (and sometimes, teachers) to partake of the Sacrament and renew their covenant to keep God's comhave only two quorum meetings a mandments.

month."This cannot be the case if the Third: Those who attend Sacrament meeting week after week are promprogram is followed. There will always ised the companionship of the Spirit of the Lord to aid in keeping them

be a quorum meeting on the fastday "... unspotted from the world...."(D & C 59:9.)

morning before gathering fast offerings, Fourth: Church members attend Sacrament meeting for the purpose of

and quorum meetings on the third and worshiping the Lord. The spirit of God is there to rejuvenate their spiritual

fourth Sundays. (Quarterly stake conlives.

ference may occasionally interfere in Fifth: All Latterday Saints should attend Sacrament meeting regularly

some instances.) in order to become better informed on Church doctrines, as we have been

The quorum meeting held before commanded. (See D & C 88:7778.)

gathering fast offerings will be brief, Sixth: Those who attend Sacrament meetings are kept informed on what

consisting of invocation, calling the roll, is taking place in the Church.

and making assignments for the day, Seventh: Sacrament meetings furnish an ideal opportunity for neighfollowing which all quorum members bors to become better acquainted, to foster fellowship, and to develop deeper

are to be dismissed to gather fast offerlove for each other, thereby establishing unity among the Saints.

ings. Eighth: Once each month, Sacrament meeting is devoted to testimony

In many wards the quorum presidency bearing. Those who participate increase their testimonies and renew their

call their members together thirty mindetermination to serve the Lord more diligently.

utes earlier on fastday morning to Since the attendance at Sacrament meeting is an essential principle enable them to hold their brief quorum of the gospel of Jesus Christ, the seekers for eternal life will take advantage meeting, gather fast offerings, and return of their opportunities to render obedience to this important commandment to the chapel and have their cards and funds checked before the beginning of INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR SEPTEMBER 1956

Sunday School. To Be Carnally Minded Is Death

Quoting from the handbook, page 84, concerning the quorum meeting to be What we think has such tremendous importance because it determines what we

It flesh. pertains and become. Carnal what do to the to we has the do with fastdayheld morning, on the

physical of nature is therefore, be carnally man. to minded, To the occupy mind is a "This meeting and is to quorum material, worldly, or with bodily things perish. which think in secret we What

be included as such when computing or otherwise will also come to pass.

Individual Aaronic Priesthood Award References: (D & C 12134; Alma 3:37; Romans 6:23; and Romans 7:14.)

records."594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page PERFECT ATTENDANCE RECORDS

Ward Teachers

Represent the Bishop

"You teachers should try to put yourselves into a position, as we all should, where we can lead, not whip, those who are in transgression into a reformation of their ways.

"I am rather of the opinion that if we do not so live and so are not favored with a spiritual responsiveness which would enable us to know these things, and if we do not know them, because we fail to live as we should, %.

the Lord certainly will not hold us guiltless. "Furthermore, when we become David Larson Earl Ashby Claude Ashby teachers in the ward, there is a reSeven Years Five Years Three Years sponsibility attached thereto. In a way,

to are bishop. represent the we We with Stake, comes up Sevier (Utah) Richfield Third Ward, Larson, David should find know. bishop out the what

all at priesthood attendance and percent 100 rare attendance of those one records—I feel a that repeat, not "I ward do served years seven he the during School, and meetings, Sunday Sacrament YMMIA I inquisitor, but an teacher should be

Priesthood. Aaronic of in the feel have that enough he must Mo

Ashby, Morgan Ward, Morgan (Utah) Stake, and brothers, Earl and Claude spirit that the famthe of the Lord so ily will voluntarily bring to him the are competing with each other for the distinction of having a perfect attendance things, the evils that are in the home, record for the longest period while they are in the Aaronic Priesthood. Both have

the troubles that are in the family, and 100 percent records since they were ordained deacons.

he can then exercise his judgment, his discretion, the spirit of the Lord being with him to bring about a reformation."(President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Cottage Meetings Helpful for Senior Members

Ensign Stake Conference, Nov. 1,

the It gives each one al approach. effective is a very meeting cottage 1952.) The still face"know and to "save senior activating memchance for medium

bers of the Aaronic Priesthood. In what the Lord expects of him.

wards where such meetings are held Public expression and participation is

Watching Over the Church regularly, good results are being reimportant to spiritual growth. The

ported. cottage meeting lends itself for such opIs Teachers'Responsibility The cottage meeting tends to develop portunity, not only for senior members,

a fraternal spirit among those who atbut also for the members of their famiThe Lord's mandate to ward teachers tend. Because their interests and problies.

to "watch over the Church always"lems are similar, strong and lasting The psychological drives of group is one of the most exacting injunctions friendships are developed. This tends to participation are powerful forces for

ever given to man. This command has give each individual the strength of the good. Senior members develop comboth collective and individual implicagroup in helping him accomplish the petitive attitudes that urge them to detions. In a general sense, it means necessary steps to advancement in the termined efforts. One says to himself,

ward teachers are to defend the Church, priesthood. "If John can do it, I can,"or "He is

support its leaders, and advocate its It is sometimes difficult to teach cernot going to get ahead of me in this doctrines. Specifically, it is to maintain principles of the gospel to an indiprogram."Groups frequently qualify and

tain a parental interest in all those vidual without embarrassing or antagoadvance in the priesthood together bewhom they teach: if members are ill, to nizing him. The cottage meeting is the cause of group cooperative support and

attend them compassionately; if unemopportunity for the indirect or impersonthe friendly competitive spirit that deployed, to seek employment for them; velops in cottage meetings.

if sorrowing, to comfort them; if in Many men are inactive because of

want, to share with them; if in danger, a practical way the value of genuine fears and inhibitions. They have a

to give warning and protect them; if in friendship. Through continued and unfear of the formality of meetings, of

need of repentance, to teach them kindly derstanding interest, he builds confipeople, or of being called upon to speak the advantages of the better way of life; dence. Like the shepherd he stands at or pray publicly. The cottage meeting

if discouraged, to give them new hope. vantage point, faithfully surveying his helps them to overcome these fears.

There is nothing temporary or fleetflock and ministering according to their Senior members and their families ening about this responsibility. The dutineeds. Teaching to him is more than joy wellplanned cottage meetings. It

ful teacher should stand ready constantly telling what to do and what not to do. takes little or no motivation to get them

to protect his flock against invasion of He reasons why it should be done, and to attend regularly once they have enevil forces. He should demonstrate in then teaches how it should be done. joyed the spirit of such meetings.

AUGUST 1956 595 Allie Howe Editor

significant of these Editor's use suggestions will Note: The in as a cereal used may be

into storage planincorporate food the help everyday plan menu Wheat kernel of the whole the form storage rotation food the ning. system Consequently be may

followed and storage waste avoided. The suggestions in this or cracked wheat or it can be

article will help make any home food storage program more milled into flour. To cook the whole effective. practical and

wheat kernel, use two cups of water and one teaspoon salt to each cup of the clean wheat. In the top section of

boil to a boil boiler bring and a double Practical Use heat, then direct five over minutes cover and cook over boiling water four until soft. Soaking or to five hours

cooking will the shorten of Food Storage Items overnight time. by Joan Barber Cracked wheat cooks in a shorter time than the whole kernel and abASSISTANT PROFESSOR, FOODS & NUTRITION

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURE COLLEGE sorbs more water. Use four cups of

water and one teaspoon salt to each (Fourth in a series of articles on the family food storage program.) cup of cracked wheat. Follow the

same directions as for the whole kernel. It will take about one hour in a

double boiler or the time can be *.:M: shortened by cooking over direct heat.

Yeast bread made with ]/$ to l/2 whole wheat flour will have a finer texture and larger volume than the use of. all whole wheat flour. Be sure

to keep bread dough containing whole wheat flour as soft as can be handled, even if slightly sticky; work less flour

into it than an all white flour dough.

The dough will rise faster and have a better texture in the finished loaf.

Bread made with 100 percent whole wheat flour may crumble unless the dough is kept very soft. Whole wheat

flour dough should not be allowed to get too light or the finished bread will be coarse and crumbly.

Newer processes of milling whole wheat are producing a finer bran which can be used without admixture of white flour to yield a loaf of fairly good quality; it may not be possible

to obtain this in every locality.

Whole wheat flour, because of its higher protein content, retains more moisture in baking than white flour.

For this reason, it is desirable to use in quick bread products, and its nutty flavor blends well with fruits and nuts. Use your favorite recipe for

Roberts Photo Armstrong—H. loaf or other orangeprune,

as a datenut, for storage. be used practical food versatile is a and It may Wheat

replacing half the fl,our quickbreads, nutritional. into is highly flour or milled cereal and

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA with whole wheat flour (or more if desired). Increase the total liquid by

!/4 for each cup of whole wheat flour

that is used in place of white flour.

Allow the batter to stand in the loaf pans 10 to 20 minutes before baking if there is time. This will make the

loaf a little lighter in texture.

In muffins and biscuits, replace half the white flour with whole wheat flour if you choose and substitute 1 or 2 tablespoons of molasses for each tablespoon of sugar in the muffins for a different taste appeal.

Cracked wheat may be used in yeast or quick breads in varying proportions with white or whole wheat flour. Bakers suggest soaking in twice fife*

its volume of water for 24 hours before using. Wheat germ may be subforstituted but the flour, 1/5 to 1/3 of Pour on LUMBERJACK effectit exerts deleterious the a on

baking quality of flour. Use wheat for Richer Maple Flavor

germ with flour of relatively strong BLUEBERRY PANCAKES protein, such as bread flour. IVi cups sifted flour 2 eggs, separated

2'/i teaspoons baking powder 1 cup milk

It is not necessary to grind your 3 tablespoons sugar 3 tablespoons melted shortening own whole wheat into flour and use % teaspoon salt 1 cup blueberries it freshly ground. It can be bought Siftbeatendryeggingredientsyokes. Addtogether.this mixtureAdd milkto dryandingredients.shorteningMixto

from commercial milling companies until smooth. Stir in blueberries; then fold in stiffly beaten

and stored in the cloth bags in which egg whites. Makes about 15 4-inch pancakes to serve with

it is obtained. If whole wheat and flavorful Lumberjack Syrup.

white flour is stored in a cool, dry ONLY LUMBERJACK GIVES YOU THAT REAL OLDTIME MELLOW MAPLE FLAVOR!

place it will keep for over a year with negligiblees o vitamin destruction. Storage in a cool place is important to

prevent the fat in whole wheat flourfrom turning rancid. BIND YOUR

ONLY Most commercially milled flour istreated with maturing and bleaching Improvement Eras $*>00agents, which are not in any way poisonous, to improve the baking for years of future use quality. If you purchase whole wheat

flour which has had no maturing r"y 'b<#z*y—"-L3*R: a only $3"attreatment or if you grind your own,

the baking quality of the flour will improve if it is stored awhile prior DESERETto use. The flour will go through a \

natural maturing process. NEWS PRESS Enriched flour is white flour to \

which iron and three of the B-vitamins have been added, making it comparable to whole wheat in these

The valuable instruction and reference Distance from Salt Lake City, Utah Rate four nutrients. The nutritional qualmatter in The Improvement Era will'be

ity of the proteins of whole wheat closefutureat usehand ifin youboundhavevolumeeachformyear'sfor Up150toto150300milesmiles 4349 the issues Deseret to that offlour is handsomely by superior bound somewhat to 59 300 600 miles is necescost Press. plus $3 The flour, miles 73 to 1000 600 the differencewhite but issues 12 bound. is Newssary postage for each

sometimes reduced by the decreased All orders must be accompanied with 1000 to 1400 miles 88 digestibility of the protein due to the ratepaymentguidein toadvance.determineUsepostagethe followingcosts. Over1400 to18001800milesmiles 1.061.23

high fiber content of the whole grain.

Some people find extensive use of whole grain products irritating to thedigestive tract because of the bran Deseret News Press content. Both enriched white flour THE WEST'S FINEST PRINTERS AND BINDERS

and whole wheat flour are good foods. 31 RICHARDS STREET EMpire 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

{Continued on following page) AUGUST 1956 597 Freeze Fresh Fruits Practical Use of Food Storage Items

New "NoFailure"Way It seems{Continueda goodfrompracticeprecedingtopage)include untiland freepowderof lumps;togetheror shakein athetightlywater

both in the diet and not one to the closed jar. You can speed the mixing

complete exclusion of the other. by having the water warm (not hot).

Stir the powder before measuring and

DRY BEANS, PEAS, LENTILS pile lightly into the cup.

Beans and whole peas should be Instant nonfat dry milk crystals soaked before cooking to take up part have been recently developed which of the water lost in drying. To save are more easily soluble than the

vitamins and minerals, use the soakpowder. Reliquefy by stirring into

ing water for cooking. Split peas and water—ice water if desired. The inlentils may be cooked without soakstant form requires a larger proporftsf*'* ing. tion of dry milk to water than the

Before cooking, soak whole dry peas powdered form. Follow package diovernight or a quick and effective rections.

way to soak them is to boil them for Reliquefied nonfat dry milk should \mit-\reeze* TRADEMARK 2 minutes, remove from the heat and be stored in the refrigerator and kept soak, covered, for one hour. It reclean and covered just like any other

quires 2 1/2 to 3 cups of water for each fluid milk.

cup of dried legumes. In cakes, quick breads, and yeast

fruits can freeze You without danger After soaking either by breads, method, nonfat dry milk add can powder of discoloration loss or of flavor—with salt to teaspoon each sifted the be cup of the with other dry ingreFruit-Freeze. new pure As whole- 1 and

some as the fruit itself. Easy to use. original dried beans or peas, cover, dients. Then use water for the reEconomical. Simple recipes on every and boil gently until done. It will quired amount of liquid. For gravy,

jar. At leading food and drug stores. usually take 1 to 2 hours, depending white sauce, and cream soups, stir

for free sample. Write Merck

IE-8. Inc., Rahway, N. J. Dept. & Co.,0 peasupon andthe varietybeans ofthatpea requireor bean.a Driedlong thein thepowdermilk powderinto theafterflourheatingor blendthe

time to cook can be cooked quickly fat and flour together. For puddings,

%BaftrififirHb. in a pressure cooker. mix the powder with the cornstarch

The yield of cooked beans or peas and sugar. Nonfat dry milk can, of

Youne> will be 2 to 3 times the original volcourse, be reliquefied first and used as ume. any other fluid milk in recipes. It

Beans and peas are an excellent is recommended that the instant form source of calories and contain minbe reliquefied before use in cooking f& Guaranteed by *'erals and vitamins. They also conand baking. Good Housekeeping

tribute protein. It is wise, however, To get more milk into meals, add

to use them in combination with a little extra milk powder to milk for another protein food such as meat or drinking or increase the amount used cheese in order to make the protein in cooking. Twice as much milk

quality more nutritionally adequate. powder, with no increase in liquid,

Recipes and additional information can be used with excellent results in on the use of dry beans and peas, and most products. In white sauce the

invites white and whole wheat flour are conflour should be reduced or the sauce bulletins and will thick. be too reverence tainedleaflets inwhichthe followingcan be obtained upon of use The nonfat milk powder in

and International church seating request by writing to the office in yeast doughs gives a product of softer is proving its worth in more and your county of the Utah State Agritexture, better flavor, and higher cultural College Extension Service: rolls content moisture than bread and and more churches every day. 1. Utah State Agricultural College will containing the be bread no milk;

Ask today for full information Extension Service Bulletin No. browner. Milk is an excellent nutri-

,201, "Enjoy Yeast Breads both tional supplement to both white and uternattonafseat division of Plain and Fancy."(Recipes eswhole wheat flour, especially for

UNION CITY BODY CO., INC. pecially adapted for use in Utah.) growth. Onefourth to l/2 cup powder

Union City, Indiana 2. U. S. Department of Agriculture to each 4 cups of sifted flour can be

Lentils—ModernLeaflet No. 326, "DryCookery."Beans, Peas, used.may causeHigherthelevelsdoughof milkto becomepowder

JOHNSON & JOHNSON sticky during rising, the baked

L.D.S. Genealogical Research NONFAT DRY MILK product to get too brown and have

Specializing in Nonfat dry milk may be used for a lower volume.

U.S. Census Records and drinking or for cooking and baking. Keep containers of nonfat dry milk

Pension Records To reliquefy, sprinkle 1 cup of powder tightly covered as it will take up

Box 3188Washington 9, D. C. to each 4 cups of water on top of the moisture and become lumpy if exwater and beat with a rotary beater posed too long to air. The instant

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA form, however, does not cake or harden.

Reconstituted nonfat dry milk has the nutritional value of whole milk except for the fat and vitamin A value of the cream portion of whole milk.

Obtain from your closest U. S. Department of Agriculture office a copy

of their leaflet No. 275, "How To Use

Whole and Nonfat Dry Milk."

DRIED EGGS Sprinkle a liltle dry Faultless Starch After bath—or during hot, sticky

see skin bath, baby's in baby's with "dust"(1 tbsp.) and how it weather—lightly

.. it gives soften dry Faultless Starch diaper prevent the water to. how Dried eggs should be used only in helps

recipes that require cooking, not in baby'sbeauty tendertreatmentskin...a smooth,a freshersoothingsmell! rash.)rash. You'll(Also discoversoothes thatand Faultlesshelps healStarchheat

eggmilk drinks, mayonnaise, etc. In Makes baby feel more comfortable... is perfect as a dusting powder, because

so pure and happy finely powdered... and all day long! Baby it's reconstitute it is best to recipesmost

will, it costs too! so little! you helps it—youkeep him using. before egg driedthe When likes

making quick breads and cookies, however, the dried egg may be sifted in with the other dry ingredients.Then add the water needed to reHow to keep baby

constitute the dried egg with the other the custard, in For the recipe. liquids

the sugar with be sifted candried egg happy all day before reconstituting with water.

Two tablespoons of firmly packed dried egg powder with 2 1/2 table- f spoons of water equals one mediumsize whole egg; one standard measuring cup of firmly packed dried egg

powder with 1 1/4 cups of water equals 8 mediumsize eggs. To reconstitute

dried egg, place the required quantity of cool or lukewarm water in a deep bowl. Sprinkle the dried egg over the

surface. Blend until smooth with a

fork or rotary beater. Do not prepare more egg than can be used

within the day. Playface! Butclothesthey'llgetwashas dirtyclean asmorea child'seasily Shewill shelooksstaylikefresha anddollclean?now, butMuchhowlonger,long

High quality dried eggs will give if you protect them with a light finish of if you use Faultless Starch! Faultless

fresh clothes looking It dirt Starch Starch. keeps the helps baby keep comparable results to fresh eggs in Faultless

they're to iron, so easy in. and crisp. so grind And it won't on the surface, Next cooking and baking; in eggfoam washday, play clothes will wash clean cause Faultless Starch contains ironingbe-

cakes such as sponge cake, however, easier with less scrubbing. They look aids to make ironing smooth and easy...

beautiful! it is better to use fresh eggs for more better—wear longer! and perfectly

reliable results.

Obtain dried egg powder made from high quality eggs, keep it covered tightly, cold and dry. Exposure to moisture causes it to become lumpy and to develop a strong

flavor. If not kept cold, it will lose

its solubility and thickening power, and the flavor will become objectionable.

RICE

Rice may be boiled over direct heat, Smooth, cool sheets help baby feel more Whether you prefer hot, cold or botis easier quicker, starch, there or It's tled no of day. the at end a busy boiler, or double used comfortable in a steamed

to better starch than with anything pillowcases look sheets easy and way to make dishes, of soups, casserole in a variety Starch. Faultless if laundry finest fresher the Faultless The use and feel you

and desserts. Clean packaged rice StarchBinse method: add 2 qts. heavy starch money can buy comes in this

familiar the big red with star and rinse package Faultless to hot Starch cooking. before not be washed need for Seal. the Housekeeping starch rinse one Look water; Good and together—inyour last salt to the cup of teaspoon Use 1 store! grocery it at wringer. your step! easy with loosened Wring

uncooked rice for seasoning.

Only as much water as will be abFREE BOOK to help you do perfect starching and easy ironing with less work is yours (Concluded on following page) on request. Send your name and address to Faultless Starch Co., Kansas City 1, Mo.

AUGUST 1956 599 Practical Use of Food All Money Received by the 15th,

Earns from the of the Month Storage Items

Christopher Columbia Says..* (Concluded from preceding page)

: sorbed in cooking should be used.

|.-.-. Discarding cooking water results in

vitamin losses. To boil rice, use about

to 3 cups of water to each cup Pay YOU... 2of1/2 rice. the rice Sprinkle into the

Make your money earn the most.. boiling salted water so that the boilbig 4%. Experienced lending... low ing is not stopped. Cover loosely and

gifts overhead no let us... and boil gently until 20 to tender—about

share the earnings with Invest you. If sticky, minutes. 25 pour hot water

with complete safety in this state through the rice and drain. Some

government supervised company.

precooked rice on the market requires

All money received until August 15 earns from August 1. Open only the addition of boiling water,

an account now either in perbringing back to a boil, and allowing son or by mail. to stand closely covered off the heat

until the rice swells.

STATE SUPERVISED If cooked in a double boiler, use

Elbert R. about 2 cups of water to each cup of Curtis

President rice. Bring the rice, salt, and water

SAVINGS ASSN. AND LOAN Robert V. to a direct boil over heat, cover and

ST. 21ST 1056 EAST SOUTH Hodgen

boiling cook over water about 50 minCITY 6, SALT LAKE Exec. UTAH

Vice Pres. utes or until tender. Rice is delicious

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS* cooked in milk. Bring the rice, salt

J. Elbert R. Curtis T. Christiansen Louis H. Callister and milk to a boil over direct heat and L. Kimball Dr. J. LeRoy Leo Capson Sid N. Cornwall

J. Fred Pingree Dee F. Anderson George A. Dixon boil 5 minutes. Cover and cook over

boiling water until tender. A little

white or brown sugar may be added if desired. If allowed to cook until

the rice kernels lose their shape and become creamy, l/2 cup of rice may absorb as much as 5 cups of milk.

specially for your Creamy rice can be used as a breakfast cereal or as a dessert with flavor- H ings, fruits, or chopped nuts.

White rice has been polished and has had both the husk and bran layers removed and with them, most of the vitamins. A converted rice is

now on the market which is a polished rice treated to improve its vitamin and mineral content. Brown rice

is the whole grain minus the husk. It

requires about twice as long to cook as white rice. Soaking an hour prior

to cooking will shorten the cooking time.

The most suitable use for rice depends to some extent on the variety.

TVces For maximum swelling of the kernel, menus use short grain rice; it will make a

special souvenir M: sPecia/ offendion softer,serts andmorecreamycreamyrice.productLongforgraindesCOFFEE ricebetter;is lessit isstickyperhapsandmoreretainssuitableits shapefor SHOP use as a potato substitute.

HotCi Utflh Max Carpenter, Managei One cup of rice will yield 3 to 4 cups of cooked product.

600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA VITAMINS MINERALS Drink them in Healthy, Happy, Lucky You!

delicious juice form—use a

SWEDEN Speed JUICER is the youth who has learned We have one mind and oneIucky that health, success, and happimemory—and it deserves to be clear Whatever your age, there are

ness come with clean living. and clean. thenaturalfreshmadenutrientsjuicesfor youof carin

Lucky is the youth who has learned We have one earthly body which rots, celery, apples, cabbage, natural their true Enjoythat some flavor delicious with goodness, or tamperedtouched things shouldwith—thatnotsomebe mustplannedlastit forthata way.lifetime.He knowsOur Makerwhat etc. Juicer. Fully Speed a Sweden

things should be left alone. will give us health and happiness and guaranteed. An ideal gift.

Lucky is the youth who learns this success and peace inside ourselves.

lesson early in life, from parents and That is why he has told us how to Juice in seconds.

\from the teachings of the Church live; that is why he has told us to EasyEasy toto operate—clean.

and who doesn't have to learn it the leave some things alone.

way.hard Lucky you, you don't have to learn u.l.APPROVEDa c.s.a Health and happiness and success

are what our Father in heaven wants everything the hard way. Lucky you,

departleading appliancefor us. And that is why he has given you can learn early from those who Alment,

healthfoodus commandments to keep—and not love you. Lucky you, you don't have andstores,

for any other reason. to pay a painful price for learning free folder.or write for

success happiness and Health and to how live—you us. for parents ourare want what

too late. don't have to learn CWCDCIM us counsel they give that is whyAnd WSPEfD JUICER OTHERSPAT. NO.PENDING2297BBO

Be smart. Be clean. Be virtuous.and commandments—and not for any WEDEN FREEZER MFG. CO.

other reason. Be healthy. Be happy. DEPT. J 1-6 JUICER DIVISION SEATTLE 99, WASH.

ENDICOTT CHURCH FURNITURE

and CUSHIONEZE PEWS

See It

Before You Buy!

Find out how Endicott's delivery and installation service Write Today saves you money Dept. Z-4

ENDICOTT CHURCH FURNITURE WINONA LAKE INDIANA

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS Aids in treatment of Canker, simple sore throat and other minor mouth and throat irritations.

HALLS REMEDY Salt Lake City, Utah

Be Honest with Yourself THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 12 issues - $2.50

Foreign - $3.00

AUGUST 1956 601 How to There Were Jaredites enjoy deluxe (Continued from page 567) A thing like this is not to be lightly stone episode is found in the Gilbrushed aside. The story of stones

"fountain"sundses gamesh epic?"Blank asked with surthat shine is too strange and rare a

unexamined. let go What

not here gt home wi+h prise."No, no! At least not directly. I thingare weto doing if we are

distinctly remember that there were curious about such things—helping ToumeX&ide Greek, Sanskrit, and Syrian versions lazy young people to get breadand-

toppings of the story as well as Babylonian."butter degrees maybe? So now I am

Dr. Schwulst frowned in concentragoing to bother myself about this

tion, not a little annoyed that his little matter, and if you men care to vaunted memory should have become back tomorrow perhaps I will trayed him if only for the moment. have some information for you."

Then turning with a gesture of im- (To he continued) patience to his friends: "If you gentlemen will give me just a few hours, BIBLIOGRAPHY

I am sure I can run this thing down."28The quotations in the list when not

"Oh, don't bother,"F. said, but it otherwise designated are all from Hilprecht,

was the wrong thing to say. op. cit., pp. 5255.

"What do you mean 'Don't bother!'HtlContenau, he Deluge, pp. 84 ff.

Now make sundaes like a fountain professional—the Towne Pride way! Big,

luscious, mouth - watering sodas and The Family's Night Home sundaes that are a dream to eat. Towne

Pride so easily, Toppings do it for you—(Continued from page 563) fairly shivering with eagerness as I so five simply. ice serving cream Makes

times as enjoyable. Comes in five delicious "I know,"Mama shook her head, approached with their bottles. The

flavors: chocolate fudge, strawberry, "she collects things like a dark corground was still muddy from the rain,

butterscotch, pineapple, chocolate syrup. ner. But be patient; there'll be day and I nearly skated off the rail as I

of reckoning, and she'll be taught a climbed over.

lesson. The Lord doesn't permit joy "Here Bumpkin and Pumpkin,"I

in illgotten gains for long."laughed as they clamored anxiously.

I smiled smugly. "Well, I have 'em, "I brought you a sugar lump."I

and I'm going to keep 'em,"I told reached in my pocket to pull them myself. "Unless—unless Yolanda out, but to my dismay a corner of the

might go up and sneak them back lace handkerchief'caught in my closed while I wasn't around."I resolved fist, and out it came, too, spilling its

to go upstairs immediately and put contents into the mud.

them safely in my pocket. The perfume bottle struck a rock

I opened the door and stepped into and spattered its enticing fragrance the kitchen. over the lambs, and before I could

"Have you fed the lambs?"Mama collect my wits to snatch the other Enjoy

finer flavor asked, knowing I was there without bobbles, Bumpkin and Pumpkin had greater and head. her turning even into the ooze. pranced them of nutrition

I I will, as just soon as but "No, whole wheat fortune Gone! wiped whole My

. I. past upstairs hurried a minute."go grain

is, single All, that in a out moment!

freshly ground/ and up to my room. Taking the save the blue lace handkerchief!

earrings, sachet perfume and and

I lost faith in held pocket, I Having my is food every element Everincreasing in carefully the blue them wrapped retained! TOWRITE I feeding in finished teeth as that my in popularity for prices—FREE a lace with handkerchief. Then Everyone that knows factst the lambs. DAYrecipes—food bread other cereal and

I into smile tucked triumphant them with foods whole made

I I to the better hadn't go knew freshly grain ground FLOUR slid the banpocket SPECIALOFFER—and down my is far tastier richer and introfor I coupon all Send so over me, with house mud in nutrihealth-giving nister. offer 5-lb. of ductory

it's ments. the And I—to at pkg.. the Smith Deaf stopped wheat pump. wash hung wise still "I home where somediscussing me. were They flour, richAmerica's

it. is thing about done carefully the the handkerchief in est on food elements, things to those take from away ought select or -Minn., Wis. efficient, the Rapid—it get post so hitching wouldn't flour wheat stone Electric—Lee Household threateningly. said her,"Yolanda

it's the ground day FlourMill reduces whole solicitous splashed, only as a with hen shipped. in, I to flour grain not for pretending to fluffy clomped

penny of a a fraction alt, LEE ENGINEERING CO. hear. "Kin I take some sugar lumps one chick. of a pound. Best

it's STONE GROUND—Milwaukee 3, Wis. to the lambs?"I wheedled, as though Up until now I hadn't considered

I.E. Dept.,LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, of in reckoning the day and his Lord myself. to eat I didn't plan some Ave., 3,2023 Milwaukee Wis. W. Wisconsin

this as misfortune, over the I bent but into so,"reached "I suppose Mama 5-lb. Postpaid. pkg. SMITH FLOUR, DEAF Only $1.50

Q WIS. -MINN. FLOUR, 5- lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.00 the sugar jar, "but don't eat more pump there was a whistling sound,

Name than one yourself."and I looked up to see a whirlwind

Street The twin lambs teetered on their dipping and swaying over the ground.

City State wobbly legs like novices on stilts, I watched fascinated as it picked 602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA its way warily, as though avoiding obstructions in its hurry to be gone.

Suddenly, with malintent, it pounced viciously back, snatched the hitching post from my side, snapped it like a Stf** toothpick, then disdainfully dropped **** it and darted away, carrying in its violent middle my blue lace handkerchief!

I stood agape, then looked heavenward, vowing to be a changed person from that moment on, taking no joy in any illgotten gains. (After all,

I had none to take joy in!) When Papa came back, Val Bereau &*2535.was still with him. "Looks like Mr. on9u

is going to another spendBereau an exclusive BERiMAKDIN combination grinAll these features combined in the country,"said Papa,day resistant side signal foodacid the food enamel doubleSnap White on likening Cat."a "Chessy "Funny

loudly. Snaps You can seal quality the your "keeping"guards when you down—

thing! bridge a safe has all ithear had that see and They vacuum Lids. This Bernardin and canning with Snap Caps

reached. been

extra. feature exclusive cost not penny does one

it Snaps there thevacuum. ue goes

Better check for a gully on the The "doublesnap"signal tells you (t) when jar rim—or a food fragment. you have a safe seal and (2) if you've lost that seal,

Save the food by recanning. in time to recan.

PRAIRIE RANCH LiveLids TripleCoated.Latex builtin Whiterings. foodBernardin Snap Lids have builtin jar rings of

acid resistant enamel on gold live latex, and are packed to slide out individually.

By Georgia Moore Eherling lacquer on heavy tin coating. Lay in your supply of Bernardin Caps with

Packing. Lids NoStick slide Snap Lids early. They go fast. out of backready to use because small house stands surrounded by a'The toback packing.

sea Of tossing grass, a gold sun beaming downHas painted it an autumn shade of brown; berNARdin

It is a mote in that infinity.

it breezes the cooling overBut pass CAPS AND SNAP LIDS of the a cottonwood bannersAnd sway

That for uncounted years has bravely stood, Bernardin Bottle Cap Co., Evansville, Ind,

A lighthouse in that sea of tumbling grass.

Here is some tasselcd corn, a patch of wheat,

And mauve alfalfa lures the butterfly.

White cloudships sail across a turquoise sky; The wild flowers bloom all summer, meaAn Improvement Era Publication dowsweet.

Contentment tarries here, and brooding peace Unfolds white wings as soft as winter's fleece.

PROFOUND STIMULATING propped up and ready to fasten, but INTERESTING while we were there a whirlwind came along and took the whole kit and kaboodle right off the props. It won't A Book for

be up again until tomorrow afternoon, at least."YOUR FAMILY

Papa slapped Val jovially on the back and led him off to the parlor.

Mama wiped the dishpan and hung

it I sink. the under know, "You "Gospel Ideals"believedon't that a young man's

slicker after all,"she declared. "Why,

he's taken to Papa like a fish to water, and did you notice, he has a Selections from the Discourses of button off his shirt. What he needs

is a good wife like you to look after President David O. McKayhim."

"Mother, please!"Yolanda looked

"ifwildly at me, you all bookdealers dareI'll—to mention $4.00 at of this to him,a word

(Continued on following page) AUGUST 1956 603 The Family's Night Home (Continued from preceding page) Mama looked at Yolanda, and It's entirely I cut her short. "Please! I'm far Yolanda stared at Mama. I'd never

too grown up to resort to such childseen such astounded expressions since

Automatic... ishin school)and pettybehavior!"(I'd learned that word thepigs.time Papa fed hot peppers to the

ELECTRIC

vd to fathers WATER Richard L. Evans HEATING T ife gives us many memories—of home, of mothers, of "fathers, and family. And as to fathers, we should like to costs the

average turn today to some passing pictures and impressions: First

family of all, fathers commit themselves to rearing and providing only for a family, to providing a home and taking on obligations about which, however wonderful, require an immeasurable amount a dime of faith and an immeasurable amount of work. They com-

a day mit themselves also to passing on a good name, a clean and honorable heritage. Such are but a few of the commitments

Buy from Your Dealer or Plumber of faithful and honorable fathers. And now as to some

memorable and hallowed moments: the circling of a baby's

Be Modern... handwhile aroundwalking a withfather'sfather;finger;the aadoring,child's trustinghand tightlylove heldof a

Live Electrically young daughter for a fond and worthy father; the confidence

and companionship of a growing lad talking and working

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. with father. It is wonderful when fathers and sons talk and

work together and share close confidences—and when fathers

nurture sons until their shoulders are broad and strong, until their minds are clear and capable, and then, when sons begin to take a little of the load from fathers. It is a mellowing SKIN PROBLEMS?

If you are troubled with rough, dry, and unforgettable moment when a father sees his son as scaling or itching skin and have given up tall as he is, and taller, and sees in his son himself, his in despair, thinking no product would relieve or heal your skin, then you owe mannerisms, his ways, his words—in truth, to see himself,

it to yourself to try H & M OINTMENT. but with a wondrous intermixture of a wonderful mother.

this has Your druggist marvelous healing (And it is a blessed and hallowed moment when the motherswill ointment gladly refund and your money if you are not pleased with reto-be of men accept in honorable marriage clean and honored sults. It is pleasant to use, odorless and companions as fathers for their sons to follow. And for both,

skincolor. there must be but a single standard of honor, of faithfulness,

and of personal purity—for the commandments of God apply

to mothers and fathers equally and always.) Another hallowed impression and picture: The gray and hallowed head

SATISFY. ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED TO of life in a father faithfulness has weathered faith and who H

it at order Get your from drug*Mstore, or his children's in his encircling children held and who has

Yes, arms. father so love word, is a wonderful by the made & H LABORATORIES

for father his family, provide by fathers work and 151 who NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH of EASTM 2ND 1 oz. - $1.25 2 oz. - $2.00 and pray and persist in understanding patience; made so by

POSTPAID the Father of us all in his relationship to each of us; by the prayer that lingers on the lips of children—"Our Father

which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name"1; made so by

the Father's love of his Beloved Son, and the Son's for the

Father who sent him. It is a sobering thought for fathers FILMS!

to DEVELOPED do 2—forhear sonsthe influencesay, as heanddid:imprintAll I do,of theI havefathersseenis myuponfatherthe and PRINTED and forever. Jumbo j children—always Any

6,8 Prints or 1 only Jke Spoken lA/ord from temple square

Exp Send Coin Only 35< PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Roll! - No COD.'* SYSTEM, JUNE 17, 1956

MONEYBACK GUARANTEE! Copyright 1956

6:9. Matthew SAM'SP. Dept. PHOTO1115, O. Box AALAB 5:19. 2See John

Salt City, Lake Utah

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I turned and left with my injured pride protruding noticeably.

You know, with all these changes of attitude in the family, you'd have thought Yolanda would have been as happy as a lark. Papa liked Val

Bereau; Mama approved of Val Bereau; and I had grown wiser overnight. But in spite of these miraculous occurrences, her expression onlygrew more miserable. AUTUMN QUARTER

SEPT. 4TH The next day blossomed dewey as NEWLet ourCLASSES,expert counselorsNEWhelp outlinePROGRAMSyour program in businessBEGINcourses. Qualify

a flower and promised untold glories. for a bright future by gaining lasting knowledge and techniques now.

L.D.S. IN: BUSINESS COLLEGE CLASSES like lastYolanda drooped week's

Street 70 North Main Longhand Salt City, Utah Lakeblossom aside and took Mama Shorthand for a GreggHySpeed full Please sendconference before we left for Church. Machine Shorthand information about the College.

"Mother,"she pleaded, "since Mr. OfficeIBM KeyMachinesPunch Name

Bereau is going to be here for dinner, AccountingIBM Bank Proof Address will you please not ask Uncle Chris TypewritingPlus many others City Zone State.

over, just for once? Things are bad

enough all ready."

PHONE "Why what do you mean?"asked BUSINESS COLLEGE

Mama. "I thought everything was Branch of Brigham Young University EM 3-2765

going just fine."70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY

"Please, just do me this one favor."

"All right."Mama's sigh hinted

"BANQUETMASTER"ALLNEW THE NEW! KITCHEI1 CHARIT1

TABLE BANQUET FOLDING Designed for today's beautiful WAXED PAPER DESERT DESIGN ChurchesCafes SchoolsPrivate Homes

By Thelma Ireland KEEPS FOOD

Sample FRESHER LONGER!HPhe desert wears an apron of

table Interesting design; sent at

It's tufted with scrub juniper, and no costwrite pine.Here a and there for

It's printed the with cactus in details foliage,Touchme-not "BANQUETMASTER'patterned withAnd table with folding new large patches like The at sage.Pockets of white banquetXtops choice no of colored your

extra cost.

Sample table sent at no cost to churches and all institutions.

Storage trucks of advanced design for chairs and tables. Write for

description, prices and guarantee.

of why mothers go gray, "I'll tell D. H. Loosli Co., Inc.

Willie not to mention dinner to UnIdaho Falls, Idaho cle Chris today."

Yolanda compressed her lips.

"Speaking of Willie, make him keep his elbows off the table and quit gulping his food, and the rest of you, WE DFFER.

don't gush."A COMPLETE

"Yes,"Mama said, and I could FromENGRAVINGMissionarySERVICEPortraits to the Lc rgest swear I heard her add, "Your Catalogues.

Majesty,"under her breath. Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

Sunday School came off with only UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

a few minor calamities. Willie sat 231 Edison Si Salt Lake City, Utah

on Val's hat, and Papa sat on Joey's POPULAR WITH MILLIONS OF HOUSEWIVES...gum. It, thank goodness, happened AT ALL LEADING GROCERSto be parked on the seat at the time

or notand mouth, in Joey's the THORNLEY LODGE DRINKcalamity cataswould been a have trophe! LAKEA MODERNTAHOE CALIFORNIAMOTEL AT Mama and Yolanda set to fixing OPEN ALL YEAR ficq A delightful

dinner as soon as we got home, and Mr. and Mrs. Carl B. Thorwaldsen, Owners whohot beveragedon't drinkforcoffee.those

(Concluded on following page) P. O. BOX 73 KINGS BEACH, CALIF. AT YOUR GROCERS

AUGUST 1956 605 That night in bed, when all was

The Family's Night Home dark, Yolanda called to me across the (Concluded from preceding page) barrow, ya? Vat you say about dat, room.

in a short while the smell of fried young fella?"He winked at Val, and "Are you asleep?"

chicken teased about the house. his wizened old face crinkled know- "No."

To this delightful state of anticiingly. "I just wanted to thank you."

pated ecstasy, the knock upon the Val caught his cue. "Well,"he "What for?"

door was like the snapping of a hypsmiled, "I guess I'll have to see what "For the perfume."

notist's fingers. I can do about turning a Toole into "Huh?"

Willie plummeted toward the door a Wheelbarrow."Then realizing he "The pink perfume, silly. When

with his trailing star, Joey, close had stated his intentions without Val followed me outside and found behind. talking it over with the other parties me by the lamb pen, he said he didn't

"Ha, it's Uncle Chris!"bellowed involved first, he turned, a bit flusask me to marry him because anybody

Willie. tered. "That is, I was just suppospushed him; he'd been thinking of it

"Ha, you isn't 'posta come!"choring-"for a long time, he said, and he asked

tled Joey. Uncle Chris butted in. "You say me because he wanted to. And then

"Boys, that's enough."Papa flew you vas chust proposing, eh?"he said he was sure I didn't mean it

to the line of defense. "Hello, Uncle There was an awkward silence. when I said I wouldn't have him beChris,"he shouted, "we weren't exUncle Chris peered at Yolanda imcause I was wearing his special perpecting you."patiently. "Veil, speak up girl and fume, and I must love him to do

"Vat's dat you say?"queried Uncle say yes before all da vittles gets that.

Chris, his Swedish accent dripping cold!""And, when I thought about it, I

from every word. Yolanda stood up, white and shakcould smell that pink perfume all

"I say we weren't expecting you."en. "I think you're all just horrible!"around us, and since you've had it

"Oh, you vere expecting me,"Unshe gasped. "The way you're all for months I decided you must have

cle Chris nodded understandingly. pushing me at him, and the kids, and put some on my dress today. That's

"I tot Villie must yust forgot to inwhat's more Val Bereau, you don't the only way it could have got there.

vite me. Iss good I came anyvay den, have to propose to me at all, and And after that—well, anyway, I made

ya?"anyway, I wouldn't have you now for up my mind right then to be sure

Papa turned hopelessly and led anything!"She burst into tears and and thank you. Somehow you've

Uncle Chris over to Val, who stood fled out the back door. been awfully different lately, kind of

to meet the old man. Val looked as if his food had turned nice. Anyway, thanks."

"Uncle Chris, this is Mr. Val into hot lead. "Excuse me, please,"The lamb pen! I clapped my hand

Bereau."he said, and pushing away from the to my mouth. Pumpkin and Bump-

"Vat's dat you say, Mr. Whveeltable, he hurried outside after her. kin must still reek from yesterday's

barrow?"The boys pushed back their chairs, perfume shower, but if I confessed

"Val Bereau.""Kin we go out? We're full,"they she'd never confide in me again, and

"Dat's vat I tot you say, Whveelchirped together. I did so long to be grownup pals

barrow.""Sit down,"roared Papa. with her now I'd made the break.

Yolanda appeared in the doorway. Uncle Chris settled back to his "You're welcome,"I whispered, de-

"Come to dinner,"she announced, dinner with evident satisfaction. ciding not to tell. It was rather

then at the sight of Uncle Chris she It was a long time before they repleasant to be wearing the heroine's nearly lost her composure. "Oh, no!"turned, nearly dark, and when they shoes for a change instead of the vilshe gasped, and her voice sounded came in Val's tie was tattlingly askew, lain's.

kind of tight and achy. and Yolanda wore a pretty blush. "Since he's going to be in the fam-

I felt a thrilling pulse of maturity Val had a talk with Papa in the ily now, I've invited him to all our as I decided not to tell Uncle Chris parlor. While they were talking, the family Fridays."

he wasn't wanted and not to ask phone rang, telling us that the bridge "Yeh,"I retorted, "he'll probably anything from anybody for not doing was now repaired. Val said his know more about chickens than any

so. thanks for our hospitality and his other young fella in the country."

Mama set a platter of chicken in apologies for any inconveniences, and We both giggled.

the middle of the table. It was still made his departure. "Goodnight."

whispering, so fresh was it from the hot fat.

Papa said grace, and then the action Loyalty began.

Uncle Chris took a few relishing (Continued from page 562) tions are invited to turn against God bites of food, then chuckled to him- "Orethren and sisters, I said in the by one great nation which has reself, "Whveelbarrow, vat a name, *-* beginning that man is a dual bejected him! The real tragedy of folWhveelbarrow."He waggled his head ing, a physical and spiritual entity, lowing false ideas is that by so doing

at Yolanda and Val, who were seated but his spiritual side is the all imporwe stifle and sometimes choke out across the table. "Dot's qvite a pair tant part. That is why you have your spirituality completely. Rudolph

of names you have dere—a WhveelMIA theme given to you here. How Eucken truly asserts that without a

barrow and a Toole. A whveelbarrow impressively it was given! How apconsciousness of a spiritual relation,

iss a tool, but a tool iss not a whveelpropriate during this time when naand I add, without listening to God 606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA not telling him what to do, but listening to him—no true civilization is

possible. A civilization declining all

contact with a supernatural life and refusing to establish those mysterious inner relations gradually degenerates into a mere human civilization and becomes a parody of civilization.

The body with its five or more senses, with its appetites and passions, is essential to life and happiness, but in the ultimate analysis it is only a means to a higher end. When man

makes its gratification an end in itself, Table Queen Bread gives you he frustrates the purpose and descends maximum energy and food to sensuality. value—because it's made the

Spirituality is the consciousness of new "richmilk"way.

victory over self and of communion

Add to the pleasure of interwith the Infinite. Spirituality impels

one to conquer difficulties and acquire mountain scenery by enjoymore and more strength. To feel ing sandwiches made with Rich in

one's faculties unfolding and truth nourishing Table Queen milk expanding the soul is one of life's exBread.

periences. Being true to self, loyal

to high ideals, develops spirituality. ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Salt Lake City Ogden

The real test of any religion is the kind of man it makes. Being honest,

true, chaste, virtuous, and in doinggood to all men, as we have heard man/toe GRIND YOUR OWNtoday, are virtues which contribute i. FOLDINGto the highest acquisition of the soul. BANQUET FLOUR & CEREAL

It is the divine in man, the supreme TABLES with this sturdy crowning gift, that makes him king

Prices & final Direct things, theof all created one WHEAT MILL to Discountsquality above tower that makes him

Churches,all other animals. Schools, ONLY all Institutions

Divine is that admonition and and promise given to the Prophet Joseph $550

Smith, and I conclude with this message him: from TRUCKS POSTPAID storingMONROE For

".. truck ANYWHERE easy the wayTables. let thoughts virtue thy garnish modernFoldingtables handles 9 IN EachandConstruestorageChairs chairs.permits No. TSCor Storage Tro/ispor* confidence shall thy thenunceasingly; of eitherTruckspace. tionn limited AMERICA T$ Truck No.

wax strong in the presence of God; Church Units may direct their inquiries to the

and the doctrine of the priesthood ChurchSouth Temple,PurchasingSalt LakeDepartment,City 1, Utah.47 East 3 ml

shall distil upon thy soul as the dews THE MoWlO COMPANY from heaven. 249 STREET, CHURCH COLFAX. IOWA Millkindscracksof hardor grindsor softwheat,grains.cornGrindsand IV2all

"The Holy Ghost shall be thy conpounds of flour or cereal per minute.

stant companion, and thy scepter an... Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's.

unchanging scepter of righteousness Your Bookdealer has... SPECIAL PRICES TO L.D.S. GROUPS

and truth; and thy dominion shall be Please send me one Wheat Mill. Inclosed is

without dominion, andan everlasting it shall flow unto Gospel Ideals Name$6.50 (check or money order.)compulsory means

thee forever and ever."(D & C Selections from the Address

121:4546.) Discourses of City With love in our hearts—and I State

mean that word love for all young PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

Honest say, "Be Withpeople—I HARDWARE PEHRSON to Now in its third edition $4.00 virtue next is aYourself."Loyalty SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST

love.

God bless the Mutual Improvement Association as, with the hunWhenever you movedreds of thousands within its fold, it proclaims to the world the necessity Send your old mailing label together with your new address to of loyalty to God and loyalty to man, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, 50 North Main St., Salt Lake City 16, Utah.

I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

Amen. Allow us 30 days.

AUGUST 1956 607 M)ur Page atiQt

A FAMILY OF ERA READERS RENO WARD MIA MAIDS TIE ROSE BOUQUET

'This is an Improvement Era family—the eleven sons and daugh- 'This is the first group of Mia Maids of Reno Ward, Reno (Neters of Elder and Mrs. Alvin W. Hebdon, of Blackfoot Fourth vada) Stake to tie their rose bouquet. The accompanying proWard, Blackfoot Stake, together with their parents, all have the gram was enjoyed by the girls, their parents, and specially invited

magazine in their home. guests. Left to right in the picture are: Ann Olsen, Sue RobertThose in the picture are: front row left to right: Ranald Hebson, YWMIA President Eleanore Gilbertson, Sylvia Cropper,

don, LaVaun Hebdon, Edna Hebdon and Alvin Hebdon (parents), Glenita Lukenga, and Mia Maid Teacher Ora Southwick.

Selma Simper, Arlie Hebdon; back row: Edwin Hebdon, Edna

Swanson, Fred Hebdon, Glenna Smith, Joseph Hebdon, Arva Line, and LaRaine Lindsay.

Incidentally this picture was taken in April, the first time all the children had been together in the Blackfoot, Idaho, home, since 1937, when one of the sons departed for a mission. Three other Victoria, British Columbia

sons have also filled fulltime missions, and the remaining two Dear Editors:

have served stake missions. All of the family is active in the F can't tell you how much the Voice of the Church means to me.

Church. It has given insight to me of how wonderful the gospel is.

Through each edition we realize what is pertinent now, and it has given us the growth of the Church which helps us. God bless

us to appreciate our blessing and to live as we should.

Gallup, New Mexico Sincerely your brother, Dear Editors:

T have been receiving The Improvement Era for the last three hi Elder Verl J. Hawes

years now as a gift by some good friends.

I want to say that I enjoy getting it and reading it. I find

it a very pleasant magazine to read. It is very useful and very

instructive. I want to thank all those people who are so kind to

me as to see that I get The Improvement Era. As I read it, I

pass it on to other people to read. I also have one of your MorMIA MAIDS OF PROVO FIRST WARD

mon books which Mr. Bushman gave me some years ago. He

used to come to our house and give us talks, and we all would ll/fiA Maids of the Provo First Ward, Provo (Utah) Stake recently sing, too. Your book sure has lots of things in it that are in our planted fourteen Mia Maid roses on the chapel grounds.

Indian beliefs. I am a Hopi Indian, and thank you all again They made and sold candy to finance the project. Every girl took

for the magazine. May you have all the best of success in your part in the project. Shown left to right, first row: First Ward

work and life, too. May our good Lord take care of us all. YWMIA President Annette Jones, Sandra Hollerman, Leone Beckwith, Natalie Andrus, and Joan Hales. Second row: Provo Stake

Goodbye. I am Lemuel Y. Mansfield. YWMIA President Bessie Snow, First Counselor Jessie Hawke,

Provo Stake Mia Maid leader Joan Zabriskie, Dixie Innis, Carol c/o F.P.O. Rees, Maryanna Hatch, Marilyn Daynes, Susan Roberts, Ward

San Francisco Counselor Itha Hollerman, and Karen Bullock. The Mia Maid

Dear Friends, leader, Roxie Bybee, was not present when the picture was taken.

T received the card you sent me about the wonderful Church magazine you are sending me. I am grateful to you and to the

people of Santaquin 2nd Ward for sending the copies to me. It

has been about two months since I last got one, and I surely miss them. There are several LDS boys on my ship that are

being made more active in Church by reading this wonderful magazine. I let them use each copy after I am through with it.

It makes the days much brighter and more cheerful when you can sit down and read a few lines from it each day. I hope to

be receiving one again soon.

I hope this finds the fine staff of the magazine well, and I pray that God will bless each one of you. A fellow member and

a friend always.

I si Lyle W. Topham, F.N.

Reno, Nevada W e ferenceenjoy theissuesEra.are Thealwaystemplewelcome.issue wasThankwonderful—theyou. conSincerely,

hi D. MacGill

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A NEW AND DIFFERENT KIND OF'HOSPITALMEDICAL-SURGICAL INSURANCE

TO AGE SEVENTYFIVE!

YOU MUST COLLECT...either in Benefits or in Cash Refund

GREATLY NEEDED FEATURES NEVER BEFORE

COMBINED IN 1 "HOSPITALIZATION"POLICY'

Qa It cannot be cancelled or dis- * It accumulates "cash value"continued by the company, even if for you or your heirs you become a "poor risk"If you drop this policy anytime year, the the comsecond for a after feature revolutionary A i will a contingent itm pany you pay m r jp rate health accident low and well, stays that if he says in John "And refund amounts premium policy: cancel the only can you

back!"will $5000.00 he plainly printed are on which policy! as long the pay you As

IS die, policy. If THE SIX UNOF the the cash ONE ONLYget AND THAT you policy the remains premiums,

in force to age 75 or until the value is paid to your heirs. USUAL FEATURES NEVER BEFORE OFFERED

full face value has been paid. THE AMERICAN PUBLIC AT SUCH LOW RATES

never reduced be can % Benefits LIFE & CASUALTY COMPANY BANKERS listed in can 701 raised.. ever! Benefits InsuranceS Rates cannot be the entire to challenge again dares NC

Even if you insure a small never be reduced. The policy Industry—by offering the public a sickness and child, the low, low infant rate remains—unchanged—until accident policy so different that every reader will

will never be raised when he age 75 or until the full face value want to get every detail of every outstanding reaches manhood or old age. has been paid in benefits. feature. Forget everything you've ever heard

AND THEN THIS MONEYBACK REFUND! aboutable new"hospitalization"policy, NC 701—whichinsurance.manyThisinsuranceremarkexperts say is 10 years ahead of its time—will not

bills sick or hurt are help you only the when pay: in value benefits are you when full it value receive well! face stay the will You back you if even money you payS% sick in hurt, or a conas cash collect force, in If policy must you keep your you policy in benefits refund! of your or if tingent refund you premium are face every of you the cent value—whether force, in well, policy in or keeping stay your a combination By is to well! renewable sick or guaranteed 701 NC

full collect face maturity. the of the at must ou two policy value face of the until has or the age 75

WITH ALL THIS PROTECTION, TOO! thebeenbenefitspaid toandyou.costsMailthatthe applycouponat foryourdetailspresentof

age. There is no charge for this information now

All five of of the sickness costs rates. of hosIn or out the% 2 - Doctor's Bills at specified or ever, and no obligation to buy.

Reserve Stock Legal OldLine Company An pital. injury or accidental are covered COVEUACE AND BROAD OFFERING COMPANYPOLICIES. OPTIONANDOF HEALTHTHE AND RENEWABLE ACCIDENTAT RENEWABLE BOTH GUARANTEEDLIFE INSURANCE! 3 specified at * Surgeon's Fees 701 to pays from $3000 NC rates. of hosor the out In for from and $7500 women CO. LIFE & CASUALTY BANKERS pital. for to $2500 depend- $5000 men

I L.L. 30. ICAGO CH OFFICE: HOME 4. ing of at on your age time Hospital (oxygen, Extras

issuance. It includes specified iron lung, ambulance servamounts for: ice, etc.). MAIL THIS "FREE INFORMATION"COUPON

1* Hospital Board, prescribed and Medicines by Room (including doctor. general nursing In or out your of Thisyour isrequestnot anforapplicationfree information.for insurance.No obligation.It is merely care). hospital. the

policy. available are clearly exact printed in your amounts The

is the only limit can collect you on the total amount The face BANKERSDepf. 2550 LIFE & CASUALTY COMPANY

value of the policy. Exceptions, limitations and waiting periods 4444 W. Lawrence Ave., Chicago 30, Illinois

are clearly stated in the policy. Gentlemen: Please supply me with information on rates *Only Bankers Life & Casualty Company Offers Policy NC 701 and benefits available to me under your new policy

there is no charge or obligation. I understand

in the year The few exceptions—mental illness, acts of war, simple rest cures, NCI was701.born etc.,-—are clearly stated in the policy. Hernia, heart disease,

tuberculosis, tonsilectomy, etc., are covered when occurring six MR., MRS, or MISS

months after issuance of the policy. Benefits for other illnesses ADDRESS

begin 30 days after date of policy; benefits for accidental injury ZONE or

begin from the first day. Policy NC 701 is not yet available in all CITY RR i STATE.

states. Send name today.J See if youJ are eligible. l. C. Co. HOME OFFICE: CHICAGO 30, ILLINOIS 090086

.. How you can enjoy carefree leisure years

y>... another benefit of a Beneficial "Planned Future.

When the August breezes blow hot and humid, Just day dreaming? It needn't be if you, like

can you imagine how great it would be to get away thousands of other Westerners, have provided for from the stuffy office or house whenever you those retirement years with Beneficial's unique choose... out to your favorite fishing spot, where Planned Futures life insurance program. If you're

the breeze off the ocean or lake runs glaciercool in your 20's, 30's, 40's, or even early 50's, now is and refreshing? the time to set up a Planned Futures program to

include retirement benefits that can make your

Free fondestspent withdreamsyour Beneficialcome true.LifeJustagenta nowfew canminutesmean

This informative folder can mean worryyears of carefree happiness for you and your wife.

free, pleasurefilled retirement years for you. But don't put it off too long. Those fish won't wait

"How's Your Financial House?"forever

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. BENEFICIAL LIFE

47 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah -.; Please send free folder "How's Your Financial 'ntiiiance ompanu

House?"No obligation, of course.

Name 47 West South Temple Salt Lake City, UtahStreet or RFD VC

City Zone.... State.. David O. McKay, President