f

i#!

i

January 1967

In this issue: Special articles to help you

with your family home evenings.

Things are happening at BYU

Yes, there's a lot going on at the big Church school, things you should know about—exciting sports, high academic achievements, spiritual training in classes and 67 wards on campus,

pride in a beautiful campus, exemplary conduct among highly motivated students. If you're going to be a part of it, there is

more you should know. Keep in mind that the deadline for

applications for admission in autumn 1967 is April 30, 1967.

The American College Test must be taken by all freshmen;

there is only one more date, Feb. 18, before the application

deadline, and you must apply to take it by Jan. 28. Also, all

new students will be interviewed; there is a $10 application

fee; you must have good high school grades; new students

are asked to have a physical examination. So, you see, going

to BYU is special, but you must be sure you are prepared.

Write to the Dean of Admissions and Records for information.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

P R O V O UTAH

Memo to Our Readers: The Voice

of the Church

January 1967

this issue we unveil a new ImproveRegular Featureswithment Era. From front cover to last page

the magazine has been redesigned by our 2 The Editor's Page: Teach Faith, President David O. McKay

art staff, following guidelines laid down by 4 Your Question: The Two Tables of Stone,

the editors and managers. President Joseph Fielding Smith

This is but another step in a continuing plan to make the Era more vital, vibrant, and 10 The Era Asks: How Can We Improve Home Evening?

valuable to the membership of the Church.

We think that the new features that are 32 Tips for Genealogists continually being added and improved upon 33 Era of Youth and the changes in makeup and layout you see this month are all for the better. We 54, 56, 64, 65 The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans

hope you will agree. 59 Best of Movies, Howard Pearson

The changes reflect the efforts of talented and devoted people; some are veterans of 62 Teaching: The Effective Teacher, A. LaVar Thornock

many years with the Era and some are new65 Buffs and Rebuffs comers to the staff. As the months go by

we hope to make our readers better ac66 These Times: The American Presence in Asia, G. Homer Durham

quainted with them.

The first change you may notice in this 66 The Church Moves On issue is that the advertisements, which have 68 Melchizedek Priesthood: Priesthood Brotherhood

heretofore been grouped in the front and back of the magazine, are now scattered 70 Presiding Bishopric's Page throughout its pages, beginning after some 72 Today's Family: Adjust Your Life to Really Live, Florence B. Pinnock

of the editorial features. We feel that this

plan will prove popular with readers and 80 End of an Era advertisers alike, as it generally gives better display to both editorial and advertising Special Features matter. 6 There Is a Law, Lowell L. Bennion

You will also see that all articles run continuously. The former plan was to be22 The Home Evening, Harold B. Lee

gin some longer articles on front pages and continue them in columns toward the back 24 The Greatest Work in the World, Ezra Taft Benson of the magazine. The new arrangement 28 Who Needs Home Evenings? The Family Home Evening Committee

should make for less confusion and better readability. 30 Letter to a Serviceman

Another major change is the moving of 50 Here's How We Do It the Era of Youth section from the back of the magazine to the center. In this position 60 Parents'Dreams and Home Evening, Thelma de Jong

it can be removed, if desirable, for easier reading by our young people and for wider 77 Perils and Pearls of Home Evening, John J Stewart use in MIA and seminary classes. Stories, Poetry

Ln this issue we are pleased to present several articles supporting the inspired family 14 The Uncertain Promise, G. Morris Rowley

home evening program of the Church. The 14, 20, 58, 79, 80 Poetry

cover photograph, reproduced from a color transparency by J M. Heslop, features the

same group used on the cover of the current The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 8411

Family Home Evening Manual.

Editor;GeneralAlbertMarionArtLZobeN.D.Director;Hanks,Jr., NormanResearchEra Pinnock,Director;L. Green.Today'sRalphManagingFamilyReynolds,Editor; DavidEleanor0, Knowles.McKayEditor; andEditorialKeithRichardMontague,Associates;L Evans,Era FlorenceofEditors;YouthB.DoyleArt.\ssociate

Verl ContributingF. Scott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business g.h of YouthF. Editor:Price,Editor;MabelStaff ElaineArtist.Jones Cannon,Gabbott, EraJay M.of YouthTodd, Jr.,FranklinGeneralDirector;S.Manager:Harris,ThayerJr.,FlorenceHughEvans.S.Nibley.Jacobsen,S. GlennSidneySmith.AssociateB. Sperry.AdvertisingGeneralAlma Manager;Representatives.A. Gardiner, G-G.ManagerCarlosHomer andSmith,Durham.Subscription

of Saints, Christ of Latterday the 1966, by and of Church Association Superintendent, Improvement Young General Editor Managing All reserved. of price. Christ Latterday Subscription Men'sof of $3.00 Associations Jesus Improvement The MutualChurch

for a price; to year. single threeyear a year,publishedcopy, year the inexceptadvance; TheSaints.$2.50 years, years. subscriptions, 3 rightsJesusadded $5.75; 2 $8.25; each succeeding 35$

issues. Mutualmultiplespecial

for in section mailing for of rate special matter. secondclass at City, provided Salt Office, 1103, postage Acceptance at Utah, as Lake the

July 2, authorized 1918. act Enteredof Post1917. October

is for contributions. are for manuscripts Manuscripts acceptance be on and unsolicited not paid responsible but must welcomes Improvement The

Associations. the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual organ of Improvement for return. sufficientEra delivery and accompanied postage by

Committee, Teaching Committee, Music Church SchoolOfficialHome System, and slip the magazine. of Address include a recent issue ordering address from of Thirty notice days'please required address. change, a is of wellother agencies Saints, forthe changeold the included. Christ of Latterday unless Church cannot be address The changes Whenas of Jesus new one as madeis

Era I

The Editor's Page

By President David 0. McKay

We are a church of teachers: parents teaching memteach one another words of wisdom; yea, seek ye out

bers of their families in the home; teachers assigned of the best books words of wisdom; seek learning,

to instruct in the priesthood, the Mutual Improvement even by study and also by faith.

Associations, Sunday School, Primary, and Relief "Organize yourselves; prepare every needful thing;

Society; neighbors visiting neighbors in the home and establish a house, even a house of prayer, a house

teaching program; and missionaries teaching the of fasting; a house of faith, a house of learning, a

glorious restored gospel of Jesus Christ. house of glory, a house of order, a house of God;

Only a few individuals determine in life the way "That your incomings may be in the name of the to go. The great majority follow, as the people of Lord; that your outgoings may be in the name of the

ancient Israel followed. If the teacher or leader is Lord; that all your salutations may be in the name

false, the followers go on a false road. If the leaderof the Lord, with uplifted hands unto the Most High."

ship is true, the followers are led on true paths, Thus (D&C 88:118120.)

upon the teacher rests much of the responsibility of Faith is the first principle of the gospel and should leading society to a high level. always be taught above all else. What should we

Teachers: Yours is the responsibility to teach not teach of faith? We should first of all teach implicit

only by precept, but also by example. faith in Jesus Christ as the light of the world, and a

In one of the great revelations found in the Doctrine sincere desire to serve God. This condition of the

and Covenants (the Prophet Joseph designated this soul will merit the companionship and guidance of one as "the Olive Leaf"), we find these words the Holy Spirit.

"And as all have not faith, seek ye diligently and Each teacher must have unfeigned love for those

Jan 2 o

being taught, guided by a determination to deal To obtain true happiness and success in life, one justly and impartially with each member of the group. should ever follow the admonition of the Savior:

Honor them, and they will honor you. "... seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his

Thorough preparation is essential if a teacher is to righteousness; and all these things shall be added

be successful. He needs to study the student, as well unto you."(Matt. 6:33.)

as the lesson. A good teacher therefore realizes that his most

Teachers of the gospel must exhibit cheerfulness, important goals in teaching are, first, to inspire the not forced, but natural cheerfulness springing sponstudent to love the gospel and to love to study it, taneously from a hopeful soul. and second, to teach him how to study it.

Every teacher has the responsibility of setting such My faith gives to me an assurance that God is truly a worthy example that he might say, as the Great my Father, and that therefore I have inherited his

Teacher said: "... ye should do as I have done to immortality.

you."(John 13:15.) So far as the antemortal state of man is concerned,

Teach what you feel. Teach by example, and "let I rejoice in the fact that he was "in the beginning

your light so shine before men, that they may see with the Father."My faith is a constant inspirayour good works, and glorify your Father which is tion to me to search always for truth and to seek

in heaven."(Matt. 5:16.) The sun is to the earth's ever for that which is "virtuous, lovely, or of good

solar system what the heart is to one's physical body; report or praiseworthy."May we all, teachers as well

so Christ should be to our intellectual and spiritual as students, have such faith to guide and sustain life. us always.

Era 3

Your Question

Answered by President Joseph Fielding Smith

The Two Tables of Stone Written by the Finger of God

question: A new member in Norway asked the following question "And the Lord descended in the

in relation to the two tables of stone, written by the finger of God, cloud, and stood with him there, which Moses threw down and broke when he saw the children of Israel and proclaimed the name of the acting in a foolish manner. "I understand that the Lord modified what Lord.

he had first written and denied to Israel some promised blessings that "And the Lord passed by before were on the first tables. Is this so?"him, and proclaimed, The Lord,

The Lord God, merciful and gracious, longsuffering, and abunANSWER: It is true that when not go up in their midst, lest I dant in goodness and truth,

Moses broke the first tables, the destroy them. "Keeping mercy for thousands,

Lord prepared other tables "like "But I will give unto them the forgiving iniquity and transgresunto the first."It is unfortunate law as at the first, but it shall be sion and sin, and that will by no

that the Lord had to modify the after the law of a carnal commandmeans clear the rebellious; visiting

second tables, because in some rement; for I have sworn in my the iniquity of the fathers upon the

spects they were not exactly like wrath, that they shall not enter children, and upon the children's the first. We have learned through into my presence, into my rest, children, unto the third and to the

modern revelation that parts of in the days of their pilgrimage. fourth generation.

the first recorded counsel were Therefore do as I have commanded "And Moses made haste, and changed. For instance, here is thee, and be ready in the morning, bowed his head towards the earth,

part of the counsel the Lord gave and come up in the morning unto and worshipped."(Exod. 34:1-8,

to Moses after the breaking of the mount Sinai, and present thyself Inspired Version of the Bible.

tables, found in the scriptures rethere to me, in the top of the So we read in the Prophet's edivealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith: mount. tion of the Bible. This agrees

"And the Lord said to Moses, "And no man shall come up with perfectly with what the Lord has

Hew thee two other tables of stone, thee, neither let any man be seen given us by revelation in the Doclike unto the first, and I will write throughout all the mount; neither trine and Covenants, Section 84,

upon them also, the words of the let the flocks nor herds feed before verses 1927.

law, according as they were written that mount. "And this greater priesthood adat first on the tables which thou "And Moses hewed two tables ministereth the gospel and holdeth

brakest; but it shall not be accordof stone like unto the first; and he the key of the mysteries of the

ing to the first, for I will take away rose up early in the morning, and kingdom, even the key of the the priesthood out of their midst; went up unto mount Sinai, as the knowledge of God.

therefore my holy order, and the Lord had commanded him, and "Therefore, in the ordinances ordinances thereof, shall not go took in his hand the two tables of thereof, the power of godliness is before them; for my presence shall stone. manifest.

Jan 4 "And without the ordinances thereof, and the authority of the priesthood, the power of godliness is not manifest unto men in the flesh; "For without this no man can see the face of God, even the Father, and live.

"Now this Moses plainly taught to the children of Israel in the wilderness, and sought diligently to sanctify his people that they might behold the face of God;

"But they hardened their hearts and could not endure his presence;

therefore, the Lord in his wrath, for his anger was kindled against them, swore that they should not enter into his rest while in the wilderness, which rest is the fulness of his glory. "Therefore, he took Moses out of their midst, and the Holy Priesthood also;

"And the lesser priesthood continued, which priesthood holdeth the keys of the ministering of angels and the preparatory gospel;

"Which gospel is the gospel of repentance and of baptism, and the remission of sins, and the law of carnal commandments, which the Lord in his wrath caused to continue with the house of Aaron among the children of Israel until

John, whom God raised up, being filled with the Holy Ghost from his mother's womb."

It might seem to some that the

Lord was rather harsh with Israel by making this decree, leaving them with the law of Moses but denying them the fullness of the gospel. However, a closer study

of the situation will show that the

Lord used wisdom in making these restrictions. Evidently the time had

not come for the complete restoration, and it was divine wisdom to restrict the Israelites and give them a "schoolmaster"until the coming of our Redeemer, when the gospel's fullness was restored. O

There Is a Law By Lowell L. Bennion

young, overburdened mothers learned the strength and encouragement of her skilled hands;

little children in the neighborhood knew her love.

- 1*"%

ttmM"**#,.K*'-*"*v*j*t.J&*:

Illustrated by Dale Bryner \ Lowell L. Bennion, associate dean of students at the University of Utah and member of the youth coordinating

committee, has long been a stimulating contributor to

Latterday Saint thought and author of numerous courses of study used in Church auxiliaries.

We often attend funerals for persons who seemed to A widow lost her second and only surviving son be at the beginning of life's calling, or who seemed in World War II. She stood alone without anyone

to be the driving force of an important project, the close of kin to sustain her. Selfpity occupied her

results of which could benefit all mankind. A tragic thoughts and feelings increasingly. She consulted her

accident has taken someone, or a disease has come family physician; he found nothing organically wrong

swiftly, undetected, and fatally. Why are such choice with her and tried to persuade her that she was in

persons taken at a time when the future promised so good health. She would not be persuaded and conmuch? Explanations are given by speakers at the tinued in her downhill path. One day the doctor

services, but these consoling words sometimes fail decided, in desperation, to take drastic measures.

in their avowed purpose. When she came to his office again, he said, "Sister

Like Job of old, we too cannot comprehend the Martinson, do you believe in the gospel of Jesus ways of the Creator, but are likely to darken "counsel Christ?"

by words without knowledge."(Job 38:2.) With him She was shocked. "Why, of course I do. I pray

we are willing to walk by faith, because now we only daily, fast monthly, go to church regularly, pay my "see through a glass, darkly...."(1 Cor. 13:12.) We tithes. You know I believe."

also confirm in our minds these words found in Isaiah: He replied, "Well, if you don't start living certain

"For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither of its principles better than you do, you will become are your ways my ways, saith the Lord. a burden to yourself and to this community."

"For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so "What do you mean?"she asked, quite upset.

are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts He answered, "Jesus said, Tor whosoever will save than your thoughts."(Isa. 55:8-9.) his life shall lose it: and whosoever will lose his life

And we are quite willing to follow the advice of for my sake shall find it.'(Matt. 16:25.) This is, I

Jacob, son of Lehi: believe, your greatest need. If you will live by this

"Wherefore, brethren, seek not to counsel the Lord, principle, you will get well."

but to take counsel from his hand. For behold, ye Somewhat chagrined, she went home, reflected,

yourselves know that he counseleth in wisdom, and and changed her whole way of life. Her thoughts

in justice, and in great mercy, over all his works."turned from self to others. She took fresh bread to the

(Jac. 4:10.) sick and afflicted; young, overburdened mothers

Although we have neither a full nor a completely learned the strength and encouragement of her skilled satisfactory answer to the tragedies and misfortunes hands; little children in the neighborhood knew her

that befall us, there is in the restored gospel of Jesus love. This woman found a joy in living that she had

Christ a teaching that casts considerable light on the never known before, not even in the days made secure perplexing subject at hand. It gives us at least one by the presence of loved ones.

fundamental anchor from which to plan our living. "There is a law,..."and when we obtain any

"There is a law, irrevocably decreed in heaven blessing from life it is by obedience to that particular before the foundations of this world, upon which all law upon which that particular blessing is predicated.

blessings are predicated—If we wish to come home safely from a ride in the

"And when we obtain any blessing from God [or car, we obey the laws of safe driving and even pracfrom life], it is by obedience to that law upon which tice defensive driving. If we wish to enjoy health,

it is predicated."(D&C 130:2021.) we keep the laws of health. If we wish to enjoy

This principle—blessings by obedience to law or its mental health, we learn that it is more blessed to give

counterpart—is seen in every walk of life. A young than to receive.

doctor friend, brilliant and dedicated, began his Some of us seem to live by the dangerous assumpmedical career by working day and night to meet tion that if we belong to Christ's Church, believe in his heavy financial obligations. His knowledge of the his gospel, and say our prayers, all will be well with

body's need for rest has not spared him the conseus. We are surprised when misfortune strikes despite

quences of disobedience. He has had repeated heart our living by such faith. What is wrong? We forget

attacks, and still he continues to defy nature's laws. that we live in a lawabiding universe and that parEra! 7

Excellent service in the mission field

This experience opened my eyes. I have since

verified it two or three times. "There is a law in

banking."It matters not what else is going on in

one's life; neglect in this area brings embarrassing

\ consequences.

| Frequently some returned missionaries who come to me for counseling are failing in their studies.

Why? They are good lads who have served the Lord

with joy, but they have not learned the laws of study.

Some, distracted by financial, romantic, and personal problems, are poor students. Others have learned

how to study, do very well, and demonstrate remarkable improvement and maturity. Excellent service

in the mission field does not save a student from the consequences of poor study habits.

One night on a train coming from Laramie, Wyoming, a number of men were celebrating Dwight D.

Eisenhower's first presidential victory. One of the

men, who was serving drinks to those who drank, later asked me, "Where are you from?"

"Utah,"I replied.

"I thought so. You see, I'm a Mormon, too,"he

said, "but a 'Jacik Mormon.'My folks still live in

Salt Lake. When I go to see them, I stay at the hotel,

sweeten my breath, and visit them the next day."

As he talked, he had my sympathy. And I was

grateful—though not boastfully—that I could go diBfojt&&***J*a*2**!** rectly to my folks upon arriving in town. Then he

told me of the wonderful time he had with his teenage children. Together they had built a cabin near

ticular laws govern particular situations. And, while Long Beach, California, where they spent weekends

there is a great deal of overlap and interlacing among leisurely reading books and talking about ideas. He

the relationships and laws of life, it is not enough had their confidence. He described a family life that

simply to live "the good life"in general. We must would make many devoted Latterday Saints envious.

learn to live it in specific ways as well. Let me With all of his neglect of precious things in the gospel

illustrate:—the Word of Wisdom, worship, church service, and

One day my banker called in the middle of the much more—still in one particular thing, in close ties

month and said, "Your account is overdrawn $156.35. with his children, he was obedient to those particular

Don't be alarmed; I just thought you should know."laws that brought this about.

I apologized and was truly surprised. What was the The farmer either learns respect for the laws of

explanation? I waited until the first of the month nature or he will go out of business. He doesn't say

and found that as usual there was no error in the his prayers, meet his obligations in church, and then bank's bookkeeping. During the month I had said leave his land to be plowed, planted, weeded, irrimy prayers and paid my tithing, but I was still overgated, and harvested, and his crops to be sold by the

drawn. Why? I had misplaced my checkbook and invisible hand of the Lord. Quite the contrary:

had written checks quite freely without keeping he arises from morning prayers and goes to work in track. My wife, a woman of strong faith and Chrisparticular ways. If he leaves out one step of his

tian dedication, had made expenditures from my part farming process, such as planting the seed, there is of the budget without bothering to tell me. We were no harvest.

in the red because we had not obeyed two simple This same logic applies everywhere. We live a

rules of banking: (1) bookkeeping and (2) spending complex life that depends on many laws we must

less than one has. learn to obey. If I don't smoke but beat my wife, I

JanT8 does not save a student from the consequences of poor study habits.

may be free from lung cancel*, but I shall destroy what shall I do unto thee? for your goodness is as a

my marriage. morning cloud, and as the early dew it goeth away."

I keep a Jersey cow; I don't go to church and (Hos. 6:4.)

worship the Lord and pay tithing so she will give "My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge:

more milk. If I want more milk from the cow, then because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also

I should obey the laws on which milk production reject thee, that thou shalt be no priest to me: seeing

depends. I should go to a dairyman and learn what thou hast forgotten the law of thy God, I will also

to feed her; I should milk her regularly, provide forget thy children."(Hos. 4:6.)

pleasant music, bed her comfortably, and so forth. It is peculiarly fitting that with the restored gospel

I go to church to worship the Lord and to share we again receive the emphasis on the significance of spiritual fellowship and service with brothers and laws in religion. This is in keeping with the finest

sisters. I pay tithing as a gift to the Lord and his tradition of the Old Testament and is also consistent

work—a modest offering for the abundance the Crein principle with the wisdom of the Greeks and the

ator has given to me and mine. Each principle and world of modern science. The Prophet Joseph Smith

practice in the gospel bears its own good fruit. learned that it was not enough even to talk with Deity

Many people living in this scientific age look upon and with angels. He and his cobelievers must also

religion as something emotional, ethereal, and out of organize themselves and become students of the touch with reality. I am deeply grateful for the world the Creator has made, a world of law and

emphasis in Mormonism on laws and on rationality order. This was beautifully portrayed as early as

in life and in religion. It is true that much in religion 1832 in Section 88 of Doctrine and Covenants. Note

rests on faith and feeling, even as life itself depends these verses:

upon and consists of these things that go beyond "And again, verily I say unto you, that which is reason. Nevertheless, we believe that the gospel governed by law is also preserved by law and percontains laws of life, laws of personal growth, of fected and sanctified by the same."

human relations, of moral and spiritual living, laws "And unto every kingdom is given a law; and unto

that are just as valid in their field of operation as are every law there are certain bounds also and conditions.

the laws of nature in the world of natural phenomena. "All beings who abide not in those conditions are

This lawabiding, rational emphasis in religion renot justified.

ceived marked impetus in the law and the prophets "For intelligence cleaveth unto intelligence; wisdom

of the Old Testament. In the law of Moses, the receiveth wisdom; truth embraceth truth; virtue loveth

people were taught to do away with irrational media virtue; light cleaveth unto light...."(D&C 88:34,

as a way of resolving issues. 3840.)

"There shall not be found among you any one that maketh his son or his daughter to pass through the the assumption that if we fire, or that useth divination, or an observer of times,...

or an enchanter, or a witch, belong to Christ's "Or a charmer, or a consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a necromancer. Church, believe in the gospel,

"For all that do these things are an abomination unto the Lord...."(Deut. 18:1012.) and say our prayers...

"And Moses... spake unto all Israel, saying, Take

heed, and hearken, O Israel; this day thou art become

the people of the Lord thy God. If obedience to law is fundamental to life and

"Thou shalt therefore obey the voice of the Lord religion, what of faith and grace? The emphasis on

thy God, and do his commandments and his statutes, knowledge and law stressed here need not minimize which I command thee this day."(Deut. 27:9-10.) or detract from these. Faith itself is a law of life,

Ancient Israel was slow to learn obedience to the congenial to human nature and fundamental to the law. The great prophets of Israel who wrote reiterwhole gospel plan. It is the power to act without

ated the earlier law of Moses and made obedience to knowing the outcome of one's action. Without faith,

ethical principles between man and man an even there is no real creation in the realm of the spirit.

larger part of the religious life: But faith is no substitute for knowledge. It should

"O Ephraim, what shall I do unto thee? O Judah, lead us to knowledge, for obedience to knowledge is

Era 9 the chief means of realizing our goals, even within religion. Of what value, for example, is faith in

Christ if it does not lead to repentance, to a covenant to keep his commandments and live by his laws?

Likewise, there is much grace in the gospel of

Jesus Christ. The Savior himself, under the direction

of the Father, gave us life on earth, the resurrection, his spirit, his gospel, the promise of forgiveness, and the gifts of the Holy Ghost and the priesthood. However, as the Doctrine and Covenants says, "For what

doth it profit a man if a gift is bestowed upon him, and he receive not the gift? Behold, he rejoices not

in that which is given unto him, neither rejoices in him who is the giver of the gift."(D&C 88:33.)

Of what value is earth life if we live it out of harmony with those laws that give it meaning and make it selffulfilling? Of what value is forgiveness

if we do not repent and cannot receive it? Of what

value is the light of Christ if we turn away from it and prefer to live in darkness? Of what value is the

resurrection if we suffer a spiritual death?

Truly, "There is a law, irrevocably decreed in The Era Asksheaven before the foundations of this world, upon which all blessings are predicated—

"And when we obtain any blessing from God, it is by obedience to that law upon which it is predicated."How

Latterday Saints enjoy no special privileges in the world of nature or in the universe. The Father"maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, Can We

and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust."(Matt. 5:45.) Improve

Briefly we have discussed some of the problems that are faced in mortality. In each case the law of cause and effect has been cited. The keeper of God's Home

law of health will be benefited even though he has never heard it called the Word of Wisdom. A driver Evening?

who operates his car within the law may never have trouble even though he has never heard a discussion This month's interview departs on safe driving. For centuries men received the from our usual style in that the

benefits of obeying the law of gravity before that following questions are a sample law was ever cited and defined. This being true, of many that have been voiced

men perhaps are reaping the benefits of other laws since the inception of the remarkthat are not yet fully understood. Surely there is able family home evening prospecial help that even now comes to us from the gram. Responses are from the

Father: for instance, the healing of the sick through combined thought of home evening

administration, and the special blessings that come committee members. The Era enfrom the payment of tithes. Each blessing, although courages any who have questions

not now fully understood, must surely have its own concerning home evening to send cause and effect. "And when we obtain any blessing us their queries. Questions will

from God, it is by obedience to that law upon which be forwarded to the committee it is predicated."The blessings are there, and there members, and their responses will

is a law we must live to receive each of them. O appear periodically in the Era.

Jan | 10 is very active in A—Visual aids have been included fully, yet he cannot get good re-Q—Our family

the Church and we also take part to make the lesson more interestsponse to the questions, particuin school and community affairs. ing and to clarify points in such a larly from our teenagers. Do teenHow can we find time to add home way that they will be remembered. agers naturally resist gospel teachevening to our crowded schedule? Charts, drawings, and quotes for ing, or is there some better

A—Time for home evening can be the bulletin board have purposely method of teaching?

found only when parents decide been kept simple. They can be A—Those conducting home evening

that this time together with their done quickly on blackboard, newsshould avoid a "lesson"atmosphere.

children is vital. This may well print, or butcher paper. Many busy This should be a happy time torequire reevaluation of present parents assign older children to gether, a time when gospel prinfamily activities. make the visual aids. Time spent ciples are explored in a friendly,

At a recent gathering of several preparing fancy, complicated warm, and informal setting. All

couples (the men were members charts and items for the bulletin answers to questions should be of a high council), it was found board could perhaps be better accepted with respect. You will

that only three of the couples spent in developing a clear manner never know what your children were holding home evening reguof presenting the gospel principle are thinking or how you can help larly. under discussion. them with their problems unless

When these couples were asked Q—Our family members underyou listen respectfully. One teenhow they found time for home stand that they must not miss ager said to a friend: "I wish I

evening, they said they considered home evening for trivial reasons. could come to your home evenings

it too important to let other things interfere. Once they had made

up their minds to its value, they had no problem in setting aside theQ—Howtime. long should home evening be?

A—This depends upon the individual family, and the time could

vary from week to week, according to the activities. A successful

home evening can be held for very young children in about 20 minutes.

Older children and adults may enjoy a longer period. No good

discussion should be cut off for the sake of keeping to a rigid Occasionally one must be absent instead of ours. You have so much

time schedule. Good planning can for an important reason. How can fun and are able to talk about anyshorten the time and heighten the we help him feel a part of the thing with your parents. At our

interest. Parents should be conlesson he misses? home evenings I feel that if I don't

siderate of study schedules of high A—One mother said that she asks answer the questions exactly as

school and college students and the absent family member to read my father wants them answered, plan accordingly. One mother the manual in advance of home he is disappointed and critical

found the resentment of her teenevening and talk over the lesson of me."

ager toward home evening diswith her. During home evening Q—We have home evening and

appear when she consulted with she gives the contributions of the carry out the assignments. The

him about his ideas regarding the absent member, and later, perchildren show some improvement

I have difficulty finding time account of home evening to him. back into their old habits. HowdayQ—and time. haps the next day, she gives an at the time, but later they slip

results?to make the suggested visual aids. Q—In presenting the lesson my can we get better

How important is it to use them? husband follows the manual care- A—Parents need to remember that

Era 11 learning to live the gospel takes a they are certainly too elementary about taking time to play games, lifetime. Patient repetition is refor us. I think we should read a sing, and just be together as a

quired in the training of children. good book together or just study family. As part of the entertainThe same principle must be taught the scriptures.'She then asked ment she frequently told stories

over and over so the child hopeif it would be all right if she were from the home evening manual.

fully will experience putting it into to give the lesson the following Family discussions often followed practice in his own life. Each time week, to which I, of course, agreed. the stories. After several weeks,

a child has a small experience in When she presented the lesson, she suggested to her husband that good behavior, he is building good she left out the material for chilhe present one of the stories and

is the value of everyone idea as it applied to us. I felt to prepare it. After he had readQ—Whatcharacter. dren and talked about the lesson gave him the manual from which

in the family having his own copy challenged and had to agree that the story, he read the lesson and, of each of the standard works? as I tried to carry out the assignto his wife's surprise, presented

A—This gives each individual a ment it made a difference in our much of the lesson and the scrippersonal interest in the scriptures. home. Since then we have had a ture, as well as the story. This

It gives experience in finding lesson almost every week. We no family now holds regular family

references. Also, educational relonger think, 'How much do we lessons.

search has shown that reading know about this subject?'but Another father said, "I started

combined with hearing leaves a rather, 'How well are we living it?'home evening only because it

more lasting memory. I believe we have had more seemed to be so important to my

wife. At first I was skeptical, but

I have seen the value of getting together as a family and know that exploring the gospel together is

is shy about conhelpingQ—My husbandus all."

ducting home evening. How can I

help him?

A—Many fathers who at first feel

shy about presenting lessons gradually gain confidence. A wife

can help by always recognizing the father as head of the house and encouraging him to preside over the meeting, even though she gives the lessons, and also by helping

spiritual growth during the past One father said, "I never knewQ—We are an older couple, well him to take part in the discussions.

versed in the gospel. The lessons year and a half than during any how interested my children would

seem to be planned for families. other similar period of time in our be in how I felt about things."A

How can we use them? lives."recent survey showed that many

I do about home families listed the increased confi-A—Each lesson is based upon a Q—What can

basic gospel truth that can be evening if my husband isn't dence of the husband and father applied to the lives of older couples interested? as one of the benefits of home

as well as to the lives of children. A—Love and patience on the part evening. In several cases the

A former bishop, now retired from of a wife and mother, along with a father had enough confidence in his business, said: firm desire to have her family himself to accept a position in the

"When the home evening manual meet together and explore the gosChurch.

first came out, I gave two lessons, pel, have converted many fathers Q—We haven't finished the 1966

then put the book down in disgust to family lessons. One mother, lessons. Should we continue these

and said to my wife, 'These may be sensing that her husband did not lessons or skip those we missed fine for families with children, but favor family lessons, talked to him and start with the 1967 manual?

Janl 12 A—It is better to begin with the their home evenings were extremely we should not insist. My husband

1967 lessons. One mother said, successful: and I evaluated our relationship

"When my husband and I realized 1. Parents read the manual with our son. We discovered that

what we must skip to be current, separately, at a time most conour only contact with him for the we knew that our family would venient to each. past several months had been at

have profited greatly from the 2. Parents together discuss the times when we were criticizing him

lessons they missed. We have now points their family needs most in or scolding him for something he

resolvedQ—How notcan towegetinterestbehind."all of our orderthe familyto adaptand tomaterialdecide toon agesassignof hadn'tties to done.talk Wewithmadehim, opportunito show

children in home evening when ments to be made. interest in something he was doing.

their age span is from two to 3. Assignments are made, includWe made it a point not to criticize

eighteen? ing such things as stories to be him in anger nor to belittle him,

A—Parents with this situation have given, charts and other visual aids but to talk over things that needed

said that it is most important for to be made, typing to be done, and correction in a matterof-fact way.

the entire family to be together for refreshments. I made his favorite dessert for him

is reluctant to and told him how much I enjoyeda time. Therefore, most of these Q—Our teenager

families hold a short meeting join us in home evening. How can doing things for him. Several

planned on the level of the youngwe get her to participate more months later when I asked him if est children. Older children underwillingly? he wanted to join us in home

stand that this time is for the A—Despite their independent attievening, he said, 'Sure, Mom, if you

younger ones and are invited to take part in giving stories, answering questions, and leading songs to help teach their younger brothers and sisters. The older children

enjoy doing this, and they gain valuable experience. Younger children are then excused to play

quietly while the parents and older children continue by discussing the lesson ideas on an elevated plane.

Sometimes babies and children are tucked into bed.

One family has the two older girls prepare and give a lesson to the young children prior to the family meeting. The younger

children then seem to be more tudes, teenagers need frequent rereally want me.'

interested in the lesson as it is assurance that they are loved and Q—How can we avoid home

presented to the older children. needed by their parents and other evening's becoming just another

If the young children become restfamily members. One mother said, lesson period?

less, they are allowed to play "Our 18year-old son made excuses A—Home evenings should not have

quietly in the room or go to their to be away from home the first two the atmosphere of a formal lesson.

own rooms to play. times we held family night. The Rather than an academic discusRefreshment time following the third time he was at home, studying sion, parents should help family

lesson is a time for all members in his room. When I asked him to members see how a gospel prin-

Q—Whatof the family.is a good plan of joinbusy—andus, he besides,refused, wesayingdidn'the needwas thereciple isfitsalsointoa placetheir forlives.dialogueBut

preparation for home evening? him. My husband thought we between family members on the

A—A recent survey showed that should force him to attend, but meaning and depth of the princithere are three important steps something in the way he had said ple. Most important, this allows

common to parents who felt that you don't need me'made me think parents a feedback from youth

Era 13 concerning their understanding of Q—We enjoy getting together as a best teach the gospel to our chilthe principle. Through activities family, but we would rather spend dren. After making our plans and

and discussion in a friendly home the time playing musical instrutrying them out for several weeks, atmosphere, family members can ments than giving regular lessons. we found it very difficult to find

come to a clearer understanding of Is there any objection to this? the time to make our own lessons

the principle and decide how they A—Spending time together in an effective. We turned to the home

can best use it in their lives. enjoyable way is a blessing to any evening manual and were delighted

Emphasis should be on living the family and an important part of with the results. We know now

inents to fulfill their responsibilities prepare a course for our family principle.Q—How can we get family home evening. However, for parthat we are not in a position to

volvement and participation? to their children and to do as the because of the tremendous research

A—Each lesson should be adapted Lord commanded, they must teach and detail required."

to the individual family. If the their children the gospel. The home Q—Should two or more families ss family is a couple, they might evening manual has been written meet together for home evening? \

alternate giving the lesson. In a as an aid to parents in order that A—Generally speaking, home eveis prinlarger there ning basic gospel teach family they might each more successful when are many op- A

ciples Asclear participation. for families portunities family to their in a is a This meets by itself.

signments could include leading and orderly way. An effort has time for families to talk about their

the singing, giving the prayers, been made to include activities problems, explore the meaning of A* telling stories, reading scriptures, that would help supply social needs the gospel principles, and decide making charts and other visual of the family and make home how they can better live the gospel aids, preparing refreshments, and evening an enjoyable learning idea presented. Families that have

getting the room ready. Those conexperience. met with neighbors or relatives

ducting should always try to inOne parent said: "We had our report that children are not comclude everyone in the discussion own ideas about how we could fortable in this situation and will

and other activities, being particunot ask questions or give statelarly sensitive to those who are shy ments as freely as when they meet

Viewpoint or uncomfortable in a group disBy Helen Sue Isely in their own individual family.

activity lessons may cussion. A family member's enValley-lovers, look! However, the

thusiasm for home evening is often Mountains cut purple canyons be an excellent opportunity to join in proportion to his involvement. Through blue miles of sky. with other families, o

The Uncertain(Part I) Promise

Betty Carlson was looking straight at the ceiling, Betty stood in the Relief Society room beside Tom.

but she wasn't seeing it. From her hospital bed, Her parents and friends were seated quietly by. The

she was really looking at her memories. Becky, her bishop made a genuine effort to make the ceremony

tiny newborn daughter, lay snuggled in her arms, impressive. (He had said something in his preAlthough the baby was red and scrawny and "all liminary remarks about temple marriage.) She was

mouth,"as Tom had said, she was fine and already remembering the long, white train, the lacetrimmed, beginning to gain weight. fulllength dress, the bouquet, the ring.

It seemed such a short time, just a year ago, since It had been a good year. They had moved into

Jan 14 Illustrated by Trevor Southey

The Era welcomes back to its pages G. Morris Rowley, author

of "Summer of Decision"(May 1964), one of the bestloved

By G. Morris Rowley Era stories. President Rowley is first counselor in the

Murray South Stake presidency and coordinator of elementary education for the State of Utah.

their new home, and the insurance business had were married. Now, a year later, little Becky stepped

been profitable. into the picture.

Now Betty remembered Tom's return from the "Becky. My child,"she thought. "It isn't easy to

service. What a soldier! What a car! What a get used to the idea. My baby!"She almost said

romance! When he came home her teaching career it aloud.

gradually reduced in significance as her interest in a Moments before she was aware of it, Tom had life with Tom became more and more important. entered the room. He stood there, silent, just lookAnd three months to the day after his return, they ing at her. At length she felt his presence, turned,

Era, 15 and stretched her arms out toward him.. avowed purpose, but the task now facing him was

"Hi, darling,"she said. a web of complications. He sat in his office and

Tom stuffed his cigarette in the ash tray and fidgeted with a pencil. It was unusual for his mind

kissed her gently. to be this far away from prospect lists, weekly

"You're getting out of here today,"he said. "I schedules, clients, and appointments. The truth was,

have your release right here in my pocket. And I he hadn't thought much about insurance all morning.

hate to think what it cost our insurance."He had a vague notion of what people had to do to

"You're kidding. We're not worth it."enter the temple, but there were a thousand little

"Well, they threw the baby in, too. That way made things that looked to him like impossibilities. Howit quite a bargain."was he going to quit smoking? He hadn't had a

Betty was serious now. She looked straight at cigarette this morning, but he had caught his hand

Tom. "Honey, I love you,"she said. automatically, subconsciously reaching for the pack

"I love you, too,"he said, "and I'm going to spend that was still in his shirt pocket. What do you do

most of my days trying to prove it. Betty, I'd do about the coffee break? He wasn't sure how to handle

anything for you."the comments of the other fellows. He himself had

Though she didn't answer immediately, Betty's smile more than once given a bad time to others who had and her radiant eyes betrayed her feelings. Then "gotten religion."

she turned away as her thoughts clouded her spirits How had he gotten himself into all of this? As a

a little. boy he had been active in the Church. He thought

"Tom..."about passing the sacrament and gathering fast offer-

"Yes, dear?"ings, going ward teaching, and attending meetings.

"Tom, I don't want you to take what I'm going to Then he entered the service. He thought of the

say wrong."chain of events that followed: the uncouth sergeant,

"OK. I'll do my best to understand."the shocks he'd received as he heard the filthy lanShe drew a sort of long breath and then—"Tom, I guage, saw the free flow of beer and liquor among

want Becky forever."the men off the post, listened to the accounts of the

"Betty, what do you mean? Is the baby sick or fellows returning from weekend passes. He lived

something?"again the loneliness he had experienced as an 18year-

"No, she's fine."old enlistee. In some ways homesickness is the

"Then what are you saying?"worst sickness, and loneliness in a crowd is the worst

"Just before you came I was lying here trying to kind of loneliness. Letters from Mom were regular

make myself realize that little Becky is here and is and reassuring, but no one else back home had time really mine—ours. And just as I had about confor him. They forgot quickly. He remembered how

vinced myself, a thought came to me—the baby isn't the first cup of coffee, then the cigarette, seemed to

really ours! Tom, please take us to the temple."break down the barriers between himself and the other

Tom sat back on his chair. "Oh, that."fellows. After that they seemed to accept him as

"Darling, don't brush it off. At this moment I want one of them, as an adult, a man among men.

that more than anything in the whole world. I don't Coming home to face Mom wasn't easy. It was

want to take advantage of the lovely words you just not easy yet to remember the haunted look on her said to me."face when she discovered the smell of tobacco on his

"What?"breath. But she was understanding.

"You know. That you'd do anything for us."She'd be pleased now to know he had decided to

"Yeah, but I meant..."quit smoking and to start going to church. But how?

"I know what you meant. You've been wonderful How do you walk away from a fishing rod and golf

to me. No one could ask for a sweeter, kinder, more clubs and put on a suit on Sunday morning? How

loving, lovable husband. That's why I want you, do you face the stares and sideglances or the glad

and Becky, for always and always."hands of men who tell you how glad they are to see

There was no rebuttal. Tom was caught. "All you on Sunday but who never know you any other

right,"he heard himself saying; "for you, I'll do it! I time? Do you just walk in and hope they won't

promised I'd take you to the temple in order to get see you? I can't! I can't! He almost said it aloud.

married in the first place."During the last frantic thought his reflexes had taken

Again there were tears in Betty's eyes and in her a cigarette out, lit it, and he was tugging on it voice as she said, "Thank you, Tom."frantically. Now, discovering what he had done, he

Tom Carlson was not easily diverted from an squashed the cigarette in the ash tray.

Jan te "What's the matter with you, Carlson?"It was can get just as close to him on a trout stream as in

Les Walker. church."

"Nothing."Tom agreed. "Sometimes a lot closer. That's what

"I've been watching you for ten minutes, and I'll bothers me, Les. Some of these guys who go to church

bet you weren't concentrating that hard on insurance.''don't know any more about the Lord than I do. At

It was difficult to keep things from Les, Tom least they don't act like it."

thought. "Matter of fact, I was thinking about Betty.""You can say that again. There's nothing that gets

"Say, how are Betty and the baby, anyway?"to me like a hypocrite. Well, like I say—lots of luck,

"Just fine. I brought them home from the hospital Tom.

yesterday. They've got me over a barrel, though."At 11:30 that morning Betty had decided it was

"Oh? What's up?"time to rest. "You can say all you want about getting

"Betty made me promise to take her to the temple."around the third day but I feel like an unstarched

"Well, all I can say for you is, 'Good luck!'Joan's shirt,"she told her mother, who was helping her.

been after me all the years we've been married. But Mrs. Anderson adjusted the big rocker for her

that's not the worst! It costs you money, too."daughter. "My, I'm glad I have a grandchild before

"What do you mean?"I'm 45. I'm still young enough to enjoy her."

"You've got to pay tithing.""And to be a great help, too. I hope you know

"That's not too bad. I used to pay tithing all the how much I appreciate it."

time.""That's what mothers—grandmothers—are for."

"Oh, I guess it's all right if you can afford it,"As they laughed together the doorbell rang. "Don't

Les continued. "And maybe it's not the money as get up, dear. I'll get it."Mrs. Anderson returned

much as it is the pressure."quickly. "It's a Mr. Merrill. He says he has come

"What do you mean, pressure?"to welcome you home."

"Well, Joan, the bishop, and the ward teachers "Oh, it's Brother Merrill. He's our ward teacher."

decided I was going to 'get religion'or else. So, they "I don't want to disturb you, Sister Carlson,"Brother

all sat me down in the living room and outlined the Merrill said, as he entered the living room. "I thought

,a s mean more than I do3ust stayfc me> but rm. going

fishitigf

program. I was to stop smoking, quit drinking coffee, I ought to come and give that young lady a proper

pay tithing, go to priesthood meeting, go to sacrament welcome into this world."

meeting—in other words, I was to give up everything "Brother Merrill,"Betty broke in, "this is my mother,

I enjoy doing and do everything I don't like to do. I June Anderson. Mother, this is Brother Merrill."

could go along with them on cigarettes and coffee. "It's so nice of you to come."June extended her

I've wished a million times I could quit them. But hand. "Won't you come and see what we have

when it comes to giving up my Sundays, that's going here?"

too far. I believe in God all right, but I figure a man Brother Merrill moved to the bassinet, and his eyes

Era 17 softened as he half whispered, "Beautiful. Just beautiof a warm feeling of satisfaction. A dream, or was it

ful. What are you going to call her?"just a hope, was to be realized, and she was happy.

"Becky."It seemed that they were taking a long time in

"Becky,"he echoed. "That's the right name for there. She hoped Tom hadn't shifted the conversaher."tion to insurance. If that had happened, there was

"Brother Merrill, I have great news for you. Tom no telling how long they might be. At length Tom

has promised to take us to the temple."came from the office. Betty was apprehensive as she

Brother Merrill smiled his approval and said, "I am noted a strangely grave expression on his face. He

so happy for you."was quiet on the way home, and her fears and appre-

"We owe you a lot,"Betty said. "You've been very hension grew.

helpful and understanding. What do we have to do Then they sat in the living room, each seeming to

to get ready?"wait for the other to break the silence. Finally Betty

Brother Merrill briefly outlined the requirements ventured.

for a temple recommend and then suggested, "It "Tom, what is it?"

would be well to get an appointment with the bishop, "Nothing, I guess."

tell him your problems, and ask for his counsel.""I know there's something. You usually feel better

At this point Tom opened the front door. "Anywhen you talk."

body home?"he called. "I guess I'm disappointed."

"Tom, what are you doing home?"asked Betty. "About what, darling?"She moved over to him and

"Well, it's noon, and young, growing boys need took his hand. "The bishop?"

nourishment! Besides, since there's something other "No—no one could be offended by him. I suppose

than emptiness in the house, I thought I'd come home I wasn't ready for what he told me, that's all."

for a snack."He kissed her, then held out his hand "What?"

to the visitor. "How are you, Brother Merrill?""We'll have to wait at least six months while I whip

"I'm fine, Tom. How are you? I just dropped by the cigarettes. We'll need to pay our tithing, go to

to welcome young Becky into the world and the ward. church, study, and I don't know what else."

She's a beauty, Tom.""I expected all that, didn't you?"

"Tom,"Betty broke in, "I've told Brother Merrill Tom hadn't. He had vaguely expected a routine

we're going to the temple, and he suggests that we interview and a recommend. But the fact was, Tom

make an appointment with the bishop."was afraid. He was afraid of the fellows in the

Tom turned to Brother Merrill and asked, "What office, true, but most of all, he was afraid of himself.

for?"He was facing a new kind of life, a life that was awe-

"Well,"Brother Merrill was careful with his words, some, vague, uncertain.

"as you know, you have to have a recommend to "You'd think he'd trust me. I told him I'd quit

enter the temple, and the bishop must help you desmoking. I told him I'd pay my tithing. But he said

termine whether or not you are ready for the blesswe'd both need to be sure."

ings and responsibilities connected with the temple."After a moment Betty said, "Tom, what you prom-

"That's something of a formality, isn't it?"Tom ised Bishop Lowe is not easy to do. You will need

asked. some time. But you'll do it. I know you will."

"No, Tom. This is very important. The highest Tom held her hand tight. He was looking away.

blessings the Lord can offer come from covenants "Thanks, Betty. I'll try..."

made in.the temple and kept throughout our lives."And for one week he did try. He endured the unBrother Merrill's expression was serious and confident certain trembling hands, the nagging of his nerves,

as he looked straight at Tom. "But I am sure that the watery feeling in his stomach as his body cried

when you go, you'll be ready, and you'll keep your out for tobacco. He was feeling a little more sure of

promises."Without giving Tom a chance to reply, himself. Sunday morning he went to priesthood meetBrother Merrill continued. "Since you are not very ing and was greeted by men who seemed friendly. It

well acquainted with Bishop Lowe, suppose I call him wasn't as bad as he had expected.

and make an appointment for you."But Monday morning the pressure was on again.

"OK,"Tom agreed. Competition among the sales force was keen. And

Brother Merrill made the call and the appointment some of the men were not above making remarks of was made. doubtful sincerity. When was Betty going to get off

As Betty sat in the foyer of the chapel waiting for his back? Had she and the ward teachers collaborated?

Tom to come from the bishop's office, she was aware How could he put up with it all? How could he

JanJA jmmg

I

i-vtSs Uisssa '/., u ART#

KEVELAT

23 FULL COLOR MISSIONARY 2 STRANGERS ON EARTH START THE POSTERS $10.

by Sara and Irene Black $4.95 Designed especially for exhibits

fairs, firesides, at houses, open colorful story exciting of and The etc., foyers, chapel classrooms, in colonies the Mexico Mormon

full color inch large 28 these 22 x factual exis on based bookThe in tools excellent posters are pubis periences, accurate an and YEAR lic work. or relations missionary NEW life of of the times picture and

full set well of 23, packaged The with responded Saints the who is in- $10.00, for only shipment, RIGHT

call to to colonize the courage in U.S. to cluding postage address

or Canada. in Chihuahua and Sonora. AT DESERET BOOK 6 JOSEPH SMITH SEEKS

3THE BOOK OF MORMON WISDOM IN THE BIBLE

STORY Special Framed Picture An adaptation by Mary Pratt $1. 75, plus 50c postage, if

Parrish with illustrations by ordering by mail

Ronald Crosby $6.95 An ideal gift for Aaronic PriestSurely one of the most beautiful HIGHLIGHTS IN hood youth on birthday anni-

L.D.S. books ever printed. Lavish versaries, ordination dates, or

use of color illustrations and line THE LIFE OF other special occasions. The picdrawings bring the thrilling stories PRESIDENT ture, 8V2 x 11 inches, is beautifully

to life. Children and adults alike printed in full color, and attracwill enjoy this book. It retains DAVID 0. McKAY tively framed. The text from the

of beauty of Epistle and majesty the the boy James read by the by Jeanette of the exact is use original at text by botJoseph reproduced the wording. McKay Morrell tom of the picture!

4 THE ART OF HOMEMAKING $4.95 7 TRUTHREVELATIONBY REASON AND BY

(Revised and enlarged) by Frank Salisbury $4.50 Daryl Hoole a-o neby

Over 100 pages of new material Touching episodes from the eventful Aciallydistinguishedprominentbiologist—in the fieldespeof

to supplement the wealth of inlife of a true prophet of the living exobiology—gives his reasons for

formation found in the first ediGod. Written with the warm insight belief in the Restored Gopsel.

tion. This new edition conof a sister, this book portrays the With the skill of a trained scienhis evidence illustrations presents beautiful he mind tains many retific of his leadership while greatness

totalreligion are off science and that Start photographs. and humility of personal the us the minding ly is God's All truth enlarged compatible. the and with Year New

revised Art of Homemaking. and depth of character that have truth!

made him so beloved of his people.

DKSERET BOOK COMPANY, 44 East So. Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 10

or 777 South Main, Orange, California 92669

Please send the books or items circled: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

Enclosed is chink /money order for full amount purchased, including 3%% sales tax for Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake store or 4% sales tax for California residents ordering from

Orange store. Or charge my established account HeseretCOM P A N Y Book

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL Total $:..

SALT LAKE CITY 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN Name.

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

Add ress

City State Zip

I wish to open a charge account, please send information Jan. Era 67

go without coffee or cigarettes? By 4:00 p.m. he boat, some grub and equipment, and stay a couple

had had it! He jerked out the drawer in which he of days. It would really recharge the old battery.

had put his cigarettes, fumbled one from the pack, I need it!"

lighted it with unsteady hands, and inhaled. It made Betty's heart sank. Another Sunday fishing spree.

his head a little light and his stomach turn over. Then she heard Tom saying, "I don't know whether

The hurt on Betty's face was unmistakable as she I can talk her into it or not. I'll see you about nine."

discovered the odor of tobacco. She didn't cry, at As Tom returned to the table he tried to be casual

least not in front of Tom, but she could not hide her but found it a bit difficult. "Betty,"he began. "Les

deep disappointment. Tom didn't try to explain, but and Joan want us to take the boat and go to Beaver

he assured her that he was just trying to "taper off."Lake for the weekend. They say the fishing is ter-

"You can't taper off,"she said. "You have to quit."rific. What do you think?"

Tom knew she was right. He did go on trying, but "I heard you say you'd go."

pressures were great, and again and again he slipped "Well, won't you go with me?"

back into the old habits. He found it uncomfortable "Are you going to be gone over Sunday?"

to go to church when he had been smoking, and so "Well, yes. It's a long way. We can't go up and

he made excuses to keep from it. And thus the six back Saturday."

months passed. "Tom, you know that I can't feel right about going

In the meantime, Betty had been called to be a on Sunday."

teacher in Primary. Tom was pleased at first, but "Why not?"

he felt lonesome and a little imposed upon when "Darling, you know why. I've got a Primary class

Betty attended faculty meeting on those few evenings of children who look every Sunday to see if I practice he was home from selling. He couldn't quite underwhat I preach. It's pretty hard to let them down.

stand his own resentment, but it was real. Then, too, Then I... I believe that fishing or camping on Sunday

Betty was asked to attend sacrament meeting and is breaking one of the laws of the Lord."She was

often coaxed Tom to go with her. To Tom, this struggling to keep the tears back as she felt for words.

bordered on nagging, and he resented it. Now Tom was angry. He didn't want to hurt her,

On Friday evening Tom came home moody and but he felt a great urge to strike back.

defensive after a meeting in which the bishop told "OK, I'm going fishing. If those tenyear-old kids

him the recommend date had to be postponed. He mean more to you than I do, you'd better stay and

hoped Betty wouldn't ask him about the interview. set your example. I just hope you don't get so good

She didn't. She didn't need to. that you can't stand to have me around."

The phone rang while they were at dinner, and Betty was crushed. She couldn't resist the tears

Tom answered it. "How are you, Les?... Tomorrow? any longer. She closed the bedroom door behind her,

... Oh, I don't know. Nothing too pressing, I guess. threw herself across the bed, and spilled out her grief

Why?... Beaver Lake? Yeh, and I heard Mel Chadin deep sobs. Tom didn't come in until long after

wick say they are really biting. We could take the she was asleep. (To be continued)

The Call to Youth By Bertha A. Kleinman

If there ever -was call for youth to rise, If there ever was call for master hands

To steady the battle line, To shape the unfulfilled,

It's now when a seething toorld defies When the castles of men lie in the sands,

A Makers supreme design. Then yours are the hands to build.

If there ever was call to lift your song

In flights of the unachieved, If there ever was call to hold your own,'

It's over the harmonies clanging wrong While adversities rock the age,

In a world of its peace bereaved. It's now, though you stand on the heights alone,

Attesting your heritage.

If there ever was call to pioneer If there ever was call to live for truth,

In realms of the unrevealed, Where the martyrs of old have died,

It's now when the lure of a new frontier It's now when the faith of your mighty youth

Is calling in every field. Awaits to be glorified!

Jan j 20 INSPIRING, EDUCATIONAL, ENTERTAINING...

good reading for every member of the family

en Most Wanted Men by Paul H. Dunn

exciting novelAn contemporary marking the beginning of a new This great story teller provides era in creative L.D.S. writing. a look into the ten most de-

A dramatic and descriptive story sired qualities in a leader. The

of profound spiritual experience book is filled with stirring exin of the life a young man interamples of these qualities and a with tenderwoven and poignnant love story. Realistic, but free their actual application in everyof the sordid immorality which - - day life.

permeates so much of today's literature. Exciting reading. Paul E Dunn $3.50

$3.50

3. True to the Faith

60O<tdtttftB 4. Writings 5. Sermons and Mormon Bishop's From A MORMON of 0. David McKay Doctrine Notebook

Compiled Llewelyn by R. McKay

by Bruce R. McConkie B. Merrill by Tew

Spiritual counsel the from of the Gospel A compendium of A collection Bishop's of a pen prophet. A monuthat revised has and been stories. brief, meaningful

mental radiating new book with enlarged. 875 pages light Delightful reading and

President McKay's warmth, fingertip reference. must A for excellent source an

in faith true wisdom and for library. every L.D.S. talks. teaching and

the gospel. $3 gg $6.95 $2.00

8. The Story of Life

6. The Fourth 7. Before I for L.D.S. Children

Thousand Years HFt+f i p('FN Was Born by Jane Lund by Cleon Skousen by George Bickerstaff and Nancy Menlove

The third volume in this An explanation of the preThe essential concepts of best selling series on the existence in child's verse. the preexistence, birth,

Bible. The Fourth Thousand Delightfully illustrated to mortal life, death and eterYears covers the events help young minds quickly nal progression are woven

from the time of David to comprehend a beautiful into a truelife story of a.lesson. old L.D.S. six year boy. Christ. $6.95 and meaningful

10. to 6 thru Appeals ages $2.25

$2.50 Evening Home We have talked a lot about family home evenings, but I suppose it is somewhat like Mark Twain is popularly credited with saying about the weather: By Elder Harold B. Lee

"We talk a lot about the weather, but we don't seem Of the Council of the Twelve to do anything about it."

However, we have never had absent from our minds the responsibilities the Lord has placed upon the parents in the home in the teaching of their children. You recall what the Lord said:

"And again, inasmuch as parents have children in

Zion, or in any of her stakes which are organized, that teach them not to understand the doctrine of repentance, faith in Christ the Son of the living God, and of baptism and the gift of the Holy Ghost by the

llustrated by Ted Nagata

laying on of the hands, when eight years old, the sin children will not know that the gospel is true, unless be upon the heads of the parents.... they study it and gain a testimony for themselves.

"And they shall also teach their children to pray, Parents are deceiving themselves in imagining that and to walk uprightly before the Lord."(D&C 68:25, their children will be born with a knowledge of

28. ) The home evening program gives strength to the the gospel."(Heber J. Grant, Gospel Standards,

teaching of the family in the home. p. 155.)

From a letter sent out to the Church in 1915 over Some definite steps have been taken to strengthen the signatures of Presidents Joseph F. Smith, Anthon parents in carrying out this great Godgiven admoni-

H. Lund, and Charles W. Penrose, I quote: "... we tion of teaching the gospel in the home. A set of

advise and urge the inauguration of a 'Home Evening'lessons, one for each week throughout the year, is throughout the Church, at which time fathers and given to parents, so they may teach the gospel to mothers may gather their boys and girls about them their family. These lessons can be adapted to fit

in the home, and teach them the word of the Lord.... every age in the home. These weekly home lessons

This 'Home Evening'should be devoted to prayer, help us correlate with the priesthood instruction and singing hymns, songs, instrumental music, scripturethe Relief Society lessons. Thus, as fathers are taught

reading, family topics and specific instructions on the in priesthood meetings, mothers in Relief Society principles of the Gospel, and on the ethical problems meetings, and the family studies the gospel in the of life, as well as the duties and obligations of children family home evening, all of this works together to to parents, the home, the Church, society, and the assist parents in strengthening home relationships.

Nation."(The Improvement Era, June 1915, p. 733.) As I have thought of home night, I have thought

Then, to those who would put this family home of my own family. When our older daughter was

4 evening into practice, the Presidency made this to be married to a fine Latterday Saint boy, the *L promise: "If the Saints obey this counsel, we promise two mothers were talking to each other, and the

that great blessings will result. Love at home and mother of our older daughter said, "You know, from

obedience to parents will increase. Faith will be the time my little girl was born, I have been praying

developed in the hearts of the youth of Israel, and all my life that somewhere a mother would be prethey will gain power to combat the evil influences paring a son worthy to marry my daughter."And

and temptations which beset them."(Ibid., p. 734.) this other mother smiled and said, "Isn't that strange?

President Joseph F. Smith, in commenting about This is my only son who is being married to your

the responsibility of parents in teaching their children, daughter and ever since he was born, I, too, have been said: "Do not let your children out to specialists in praying that somewhere there would be a mother

these things, but teach them by your own precept preparing a daughter worthy to meet and to marry and example, by your own fireside. Be a specialist my son."That is the kind of home attention that

yourself in the truth. Let our meetings, schools and will make us and our homes stronger today.

organizations,... be supplements to our teachings As I think of family home evening and its possible

and training in the home. Not one child in a hundred impact, the words of the Prophet Micah come to mind:

would go astray, if the home environment, example "But in the last days it shall come to pass, that the and training, were in harmony with the truth in the mountain of the house of the Lord shall be established gospel of Christ, as revealed and taught to the Latterin the top of the mountains, and it shall be exalted day Saints."(Joseph F. Smith, Gospel Doctrine, above the hills; and people shall flow unto it.

p. 302. "And many nations shall come, and say, Come, and

About this same matter President Wilford Woodlet us go up to the mountain of the Lord, and to the ruff said: "Ninetynine out of every hundred children house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of

who are taught by their parents the principles of his ways, and we will walk in his paths; for the law

honesty and integrity, truth and virtue, will observe shall go forth of Zion, and the word of the Lord them through life."(Discourses of Wilford Woodruff, from Jerusalem."(Mic. 4:1-2.)

pp. 267268.) I say to you Latterday Saint mothers and fathers,

And then from President Heber J. Grant: "The Lord if you will rise to the responsibility of teaching your

has said it is our duty to teach our children in their children in the home—priesthood quorums preparing

youth.... It is folly to imagine that our children the fathers, and Relief Society the mothers—the day

will grow up with a knowledge of the gospel without will dawn when the whole world will come to our teaching.... I may know that the gospel is true, doors and say, "Show us your way, that we may walk

and so may my wife; but I want to tell you that our in your path."0

Era 23 gS>pe\. ** ** A$/>%

The Greatest in theWork By Elder Ezra Taft Benson

Of the Council of the TwelveWorld i!

The greatest work in all the world is the building of men and women of character. Without character,

there is not much that's worthwhile, because character is the one thing we take with us from this world into the next. The greatest activity of our Heavenly

Father is the saving and exaltation of all his children.

I have visited in fortyfive nations and have come away knowing that most of our Father's children essentially are good. Many of them live under bad

and atheistic leadership. But they want to live in

peace and to be good neighbors. They love their

homes; they want to raise their standard of living, to

do what's right. I know our Father loves them.

I am convinced, as was President Wilford Woodruff, that the Lord held in the spirit world for 6,000 years some of the choicest spirits of all times, that;

they might come forth in this day when the gospel is upon the earth and when the Church has been restored, that they might help to build up the kingdom in preparation for the second coming of the

Messiah. Many of these choicest spirits are young

people born under the covenant, into Latterday

Saint homes.

But the adversary has never been so well organized and has never had so many emissaries and representatives as he has today. The enemy of righteousness

'From a talk given at the 1966 MIA June Conference. Illustrated by Richard Brown

tfvunicates with them?

is supported by millions of people, and he has a most to understand. It is a conspiracy reflected by quespowerful and effective program to lead our youth tionable moods and attitudes.

astray. The big question of our time is, who reaches "Often called the new leftist conspiracy, it has utter

youth today? Who communicates with them? Pardisrespect for 'law, contempt for institutions of free

ents? Schoolteachers? Civil officials? Community government, and disdain for spiritual and moral values.

leaders? Any adults? In too many cases, these peo- "As parents and teachers, you should know more

ple are having trouble talking to—as well as listening about this newstyle perversion that is erupting in

to—young people. Into this void steps the Mutual civil disobedience and encouraging young people to

Improvement Associations, recognizing teens for mock the law. Every town and every teacher must

what they are: growing individuals seeking to estabrecognize the absolute need of instructing and guidlish their identity, find themselves, and build upon ing our young people to respect the law and to

sound intellectual and spiritual foundations. We have realize that freedom does not mean license, that with

a program that should reach them. Yet the enemy citizen's rights go corresponding duties. We want our

is insidious. He uses devious methods and is clear young people to be good citizens, able to think for

and persistent. themselves, to have personal convictions, but we want

Recently, while browsing through several newly them to be loyal to our constitutional principles and published books, I read one titled The Great Deceit, the democratic traditions that have molded this a study of America's foundation by a group of country."

prominent Harvard University graduates. It opens I recently received a letter from a bishop who is a

with this shocking statement: "We are living in a most father, a farmer and rancher, and a former state

perplexing period of human history. Moral, legal, official. He writes, "I am shocked at the brainwashand social attitudes seem to have undergone a drastic ing our own Latterday Saint children seem to be

change. Human values that have developed over getting from our teachers. This is my second experithousands of years have been discarded or drastically ence this month in which conservative speakers have

altered. Attitudes as to what is right or wrong have been heckled by high school students, coached by

become uncertain. Individual thrift in storing up for teachers who have given them loaded questions to

the future has been converted from a fine virtue into ask. Karl Prussian, a former counterspy for the

a social evil. Individual initiative and personal FBI for fourteen years, was given a bad time by these

ability are labeled as antisocial acts. The building high school teenagers."

up of private enterprise is pictured as exploitation and The bishop reports that these young people made economic piracy. Our founding fathers are smeared. the following statements in a discussion: Communism

Fabian Socialists have twisted American history and is an improvement over capitalism. The U. S. Constiare carrying on a successful war against human liberty. tution is archaic; it's out of date. A oneworld setup

We are faced with political wolves in sheep's governed by the United Nations would be a step clothing."forward. When the question of religious freedom

In a recent article entitled "Turbulence on the came up, one student asked, "Who is God? Did you

Campus,"J. Edgar Hoover says, "According to the ever see him?"

latest statistics there are 4,500,000 fulltime students The bishop continues: "These are a few of the

enrolled in more than 2,000 institutions of higher questions and statements and attitudes that appear learning. A high percentage of these young people to be from nice, cleancut young Americans in a small

are serious and concerned. They know they live in a town rural high school. Can there be any doubt as

world of change, challenge, and conflict, where their to the source of this philosophy? Yet if you label

very best will be required. There is in today's campus it part of the socalled Communist conspiracy, you are

turbulence a new style in conspiracy, a conspiracy that regarded as a wildeyed fanatic who sees a Comis extremely subtle and devious and hence difficult munist behind every door. These teachers invite

[Era[25L Communist speakers, encourage the study of Comwatching television, others have been busy implemunist authors, and are exposing the students to menting plans to use America's most priceless natural

Communist culture and doctrine as they extol it under resource, its youth, to knowingly or unknowingly the guise of social progress and reform."become the tools for fermenting the destruction of &h

From the fifth grade through the fourth year of college, our young people are being indoctrinated with a Marxist philosophy, and I am fearful of the harvest. The younger generation is further to the

left than most adults realize. The old concepts of

our founding fathers are scoffed and jeered at by young moderns whose goals appear to be the destruction of integrity and virtue, and the glorification of pleasure, thrills, and selfindulgence.

America is asleep. So are its churches and its

patriotic organizations, for the most part. It's already

too late, I am afraid, to stem the fearsome, awesome power of Marx and Lenin now so apparent in our government, our schools, the United Nations, many

Protestant churches, the press, radio, TV, and other news media.

The president of one of our great independent the American way of life. Successful Communist

educational institutions sent me an article, "Today's exploitation and manipulation of youth and student

Three Horsemen,"which says: "Certain soldiers of groups throughout the world today are a major chalpublic opinion in America who call themselves liberal lenge that free world forces must meet and defeat.

in politics and economics and religion have virtually Recent world events clearly reveal that world Comcanonized and glorified three men who have lived munism has launched a massive campaign to capture within the hundred years since 1866. All three wrote and maneuver youth and student groups."

books. One, Charles Darwin, with his origin of the Young people are the key to success in any movespecies, gained a worldwide attention in the 1850's. ment, good or bad, for they are idealistic, bold, and

This was the period also in which another of the vigorous. The author of the script quotes from the

three, Karl Marx, published the Communist Manifesto early leaders of the Communist movement to show and Das Kapital. The third, John Maynard Keynes, that books have even been published on how to get

entered the liberal throne room years later with his control of the young people in the world.

book The General Theory on Economics"This is just some of the evidence indicating that

The growing influence of these three men is visible our young people and leaders of youth today face in all segments of American life today. The influence challenges the likes of which they have never before

is not all powerful, but it has penetrated some of the had.

vital centers of our government, educational system, Now, what will we do about it? Most importantly,

and church life. If the doctrines of these three men we have this great Church, the one church that stands

were to become the basic philosophy of our way of up in support of the inspired Constitution of America life, we as a people would fail as has no other generaand the basic concepts embodied in that document.

tion before us since the days of Noah. Our church has not in any way lowered its standards.

Another item that has come to my attention is the First, let's set our homes and our own lives in narrative part of the filmstrip on the Berkeley revoluorder. Let us as leaders be what we want our youth

tion, which says, "While most Americans have been to be. They need fewer critics and more models.

Jan 1 26 ove models.

tiFa. aSv&* V&eSThey should know what the prophets have said. greatest evil in this world, the greatest threat to the

They should know that all is not well in Zion. They Church and to youth: the godless socialistCommunist

should not become lulled away into a false security. conspiracy.

They should become alerted and informed about the I appeal to our young people to keep their eye on the Prophet, to heed his counsel, to read what he says, to read his messages in The Improvement Era, to read his most recent statement on Communism.

Leaders of youth, teach our young people to love freedom, to know that it is Godgiven. Teach them

that the greatest evil in this world is to destroy the

Church of God. Teach them that truth is eternal,

that time is on the side of truth, and that they should not be afraid to stand up for truth. Teach them to

love their country, to know that it has a spiritual foundation, that it has a prophetic history, that it is the Lord's base of operation.

Teach them that the Constitution of America was established by men whom God raised up for that

K*. Jb&

"t*a

LW.

very purpose, that it is not outmoded, that it is not an oldfashioned agrarian document, as some men in high places are calling it today. Teach them to love

the scriptures, especially the Book of Mormon.

Teach them to form an acquaintance with Nephi,

Alma, and General Moroni. Teach them to know the

power of prayer, that they can reach out and tap that unseen power, without which help no man can do his best. Teach them the need for spirituality,

whether they are in the classroom or employed.

i'd i But above all, teach them to know that God lives, that Jesus is the Christ, the Savior and Redeemer of the world, that these two heavenly beings, our Father and our Savior Jesus Christ, did in very deed appear to the boy prophet in the Sacred Grove. Teach them

to know this, and it will be an anchor to them in all

V % the days to come.

children aren't so familiar with.

Maybe they're getting all they need at seminary and other church classes."By the Family Home "I don't understand it either,"Why don't Evening Committee Christine replied. "You know how

enthusiastic Mark and Edith Blake are about their home evenings, andHammond their children are about the same

One time when Ira and his wife, ages as ours."dealers Christine, began their home eve- "Why don't you call Edith toning, Ira said to the family, "To morrow and see what happened to offer learn what we are going to talk them with this same lesson?"reabout, open your Bibles to Matsponded Ira.

thew 22:3639. Lisa, read those The next evening Christine said churches

verses for us."to her husband, "I called Edith

Lisa found the place. "Oh, no,"Blake and we talked about the service she moaned. "How boring. I've home evening for a long time. She

learned those verses before."And said they used to have the same contracts? she began to chant them in a singproblem until they changed their

song voice. emphasis.

"Don't think you're so smart,""Some of their children also knew with OrganBecausea Hammond thefamous chided Greg. "I know them, too. those verses in Matthew, but their Generator none. Wheel needsTone The

Hammond Tone Wheel Generator is so preWe had them once before in home father pointed out that Jesus'mescise that it never needs tuning. So rugged evening."He picked up her sage was not only that we can

that its tone is unaffected by moisture. Or rhythm and chanted with her. repeat the law of love, but that we

lack of moisture or by changes in temperaAs they reached the last sentence, love each other and show that we ture no matter how extreme. "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as do by our actions. They discussed

So meticulously made and carefully inspected are all parts of the Hammond Organ thyself,"each was trying to yell some of their actions and deterthat its performance record in churches has above the other, and Lisa said to mined whether each action showed been remarkable. Year after year churches Greg, "Why can't you be still? love or antagonism toward another.

with Hammond Organ installations have Daddy didn't ask you; he asked They concluded that their attitudes

reported extremely low maintenance costs. me."Each gave the other a hatetoward each other in the home

Which is the reason Hammond dealers ful look. They continued throughdon't yet measure up to Christ's

don't offer service contracts. Just the best

organ you can buy for the money—the out the discussion to take verbal law of love. They worked out

Hammond Organ. To find out more, send jabs at each other, and the ways to change. Edith said that

for our free informative booklet, "So Now home evening was not a happy even she and Mark could see that

You're on the Organ Committee."experience. their own attitudes toward each

I I Ira was discouraged. When they other and the children were not

DEPARTMENT CK17 were alone, he said to Christine, always motivated by love.

HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY 4200 WEST DIVERSEY AVENUE "This home evening manual is no "After I talked with her, I

CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60639 good for us; we need doctrine the studied the lesson we had last night

Please send me free a copy of your booklet, "So Now You're on the Organ Committee."

Name Address.

City

State.Zip Code.

Church Affiliation.

HAMMONDMusic's most glorious voice

ORGAN Also makers of the Hammond Piano

I 1966 Hammond Organ Company I

A T

cause it reveals a common problem in home evening experience. The

course for 1967 is on the laws of

God. Most of the laws are already known verbally; the challenge is to obey each of them as

Christ said we should.

and also read the foreword in the It is easier to defend a law of impress each other; they do not

manual. I can see where we have God and fight for it than it is to hide their inner feelings behind a

been making a mistake. We have live it. Most people have faults front; they do not pretend to be

been teaching our family the docand weaknesses that are contrary what they are not. Here a person's

trines of the Church so they would to the teachings of Christ. The actions reveal his true self and

be sure to know them. But that tendency of the average person is indicate the kind of help and

doesn't seem to be the idea of the to harbor and protect his failings guidance he needs. Parents are

home evening. A principle of the and to pretend they are not there. with the child every day. They

gospel is given, and we are to de- A weekly class at church can give love him enough to remind him, cide how much it is influencing its members an understanding of encourage him, and set an examour own conduct and work out with a gospel truth on their own age ple for him in helping him to our family specific procedures that level. This is a worthwhile conovercome his faults and build

each of us is going to use to imtribution, since no one is likely to character habits in harmony with prove. During the week we work obey a law of God or which he has the teachings of Jesus Christ.

on the plans we made."no knowledge. However, the value This is a responsibility the home

Ira was listening thoughtfully. "I of knowing a truth is in living it. cannot delegate. The home has

see,"he said. "We don't judge our No teacher can follow each class more influence on family members

need of a home evening by how member throughout the week to see than have all other agencies comwell we know the doctrine but by that his behavior corresponds to bined. Whether or not parents

how nearly we are obeying it in the principle he was taught. like it or realize it, they are teachour home. The emphasis is on Only in the home can knowledge ing their children constantly. In

doing. Christine, let's have that of a law of God be successfully everything they say and do, parsame lesson next week, and I'm translated into the dayby-day livents are teaching their children

going to be prepared. Greg and ing of that law. In the home, fameither to obey the laws of God

Lisa showed last night that they ily members are not trying to or to break them.

need it.""That's right,"answered ChrisPresident McKay has frequently referred to home as heaven on tine, and then she added with a earth. Home is heaven on earth to the degree that the gospel of Jesus

twinkle, "and as good as you and Christ is lived there. When members of a family break a law of God—

I are, I can think of times when our for example, when they show antagonism toward each other instead actions have shown that we need of love—the home is no longer a heaven on earth.

it too."The family home evening as outlined by the Church will help every

The story of Ira and Christine individual—the young, the middle aged, the old—to live the laws of

is true; only the names have been God more fully if each person puts forth conscious effort every day to

changed. It is repeated here bemake his actions conform to a truth he has learned. O

:,j Evenings

::::..,,,.;..-:

fetftjfr Jra[29

UM Letter to a Serviceman

Dear Scot:

Hi, friend. Hope this finds you well and enjoying gospel by setting an example and talking about it—

as best you can these first months in your career in or you can follow the pack.

behalf of our country's cause. I expect you are find- A fellow doesn't defile himself in one jump. Not

ing it a bit rough, but take it from an old military even that Navy boy. It's the little steps that graduhand, the lumps you swallow aren't as bad as you ally get bigger and bigger. Pretty soon the other

first think they are. It's something you have to learn fellows look to you like "regular guys"who'll do

to live with. anything for a dare or a laugh. Then one day you'll

I was visiting your family the other night, getting hear another Mormon trying to teach the gospel to caught up on things, and they mentioned that they someone and the other fellow will say, "Aw, you didn't know how active in the Church you are in the Mormons are hypocrites. I have a buddy who is

service. It came up casually in the conversation, but LDS, and he drinks, smokes, and all the rest. He

I take it pretty big, because I love you like my own claims to be a priest! So don't tell me about the

son. Scot, I know the service and all the angles Saints."

involved. Because of that, let me tell you something And do you know something? He's pointing at

about a fellow just like you. you. Soon you realize that you not only loused up

A Navy friend, on the way to Pearl Harbor, joined yourself and betrayed your ideals and Christ, but with other LDS fellows in a sacrament meeting, and you effectively blocked another person from enterparticipated in blessing the sacrament. He was a ing the Church. When you stop to think about the

fine, cleancut kid. He made many friends aboard potential member's children and grandchildren, you'll

ship. One of them was a much older sailor who taste bitterness that will age you quickly.

"knew all the ropes."The younger fellow soon folThen, like the fellow in the brig, you'll ask, "Where

lowed him like a pup. When they got to Pearl did I start slipping? Why did I betray those who

Harbor, the younger fellow went ashore with the loved me? What has happened?"Maybe, if you're

older man and they did the town together. man enough, you'll start the long, slow climb up.

When they were out to sea again the boy developed But life is sometimes like going down into a mine venereal disease. He was charged with misconduct shaft. The deeper you go, the harder it is to get back

and confined to the ship. The boy was shocked to the surface.

beyond belief. He didn't know what to do. A chapYou say there are Mormons there who don't

lain soon came down to see him. The boy said, "What

happened? I'm confined, and I have a disease that

will affect a marriage when I meet the right girl and possibly children yet unborn."He knew—as he had /A- 1-

never known before—what one's companions can mean

to a person. (Mifey

Now Scot, why all this? I'll tell you why. In the

service you can either select the right companions, go to church, and be instrumental in spreading the

\Qtetp Z/l,

, 376 SO I ] Ct UjlJU

A For Better Health

Try Lyman's Daily Supply Tablets to

FORTIFY THE BEST POSSIBLE

DIET YOU CAN GET

Work, exercise, recreation, along with rest, sleep, and relaxation are follow the Word o Wisdom and ments. If you are, the time may all important to good health.

who don't even live the Ten come when from a foxhole you'll Lyman's Daily Supply are all NATCommandments. Scot, for goodcry to God for help and wonder URAL high potency multiple vitamin and mineral tablets. ness sakes, there are many on why you can't sense a response.

our rollbooks who don't know Many Saints have entered the what it means to be a Mormon. service and come out leaders beThe use of these tablets can be an

They sincerely reason themselves fore God and man, and others youimportantdo to linkgetin andthe chainmaintainof thingsthat right into Satan's hands when have used the service as an excuse betterthan-average feeling of wellevents come up that separate the to follow other paths. Land sunny being.

men from the boys. side up, Scot.

Is this relevant to you? Yes, As for life here, business remains We believe that prevention is betpardner, it is, and I hope we're true as usual—making too much to ter than cure. Why not take everyfriends enough that you'll know. starve to death and not enough to day some of all the vitamins and

that are to known be I tables If the turned, were get fat. I'm leaving today on

well my mineralsneeded as of those as many think wouldn't for of you a if you vacation much family week. The believed nutritionists by to be

could help me but wouldn't beis going fishing. My fiveyear-old helpful.

cause you felt I might be offended. son is so excited he can hardly

Friends are those who stick with sleep at night—this is the biggest Many people are pleasantly surus—through fat and lean, good and thing in his life to date. prised by the favorable results they

bad—and are man enough to tell Please don't be offended because get in a matter of days with Lyus something when we need it and of what I've said. You're a good man's Daily Supply Tablets.

pat us on the back when the same man and a wonderful fellow to is in order. know. We want you to come back Send for the family size—500 tabSometimes it is easier to die for as good as you left. We're praylets for only $8.95—less than 2c

those you love than to live for ing for you—every night and forcompareeach favorablytablet. Thewithformulatabletswillat

them. Scot, hold to the ideals you morning. Keep in touch. two or three times the price.

know are important. Don't be Regards,

ashamed of God and his commandRalph NOW is the time to use them through the season of greatest need. <g WASHINGTON

Clip and Mail

) Don Lyman, 2431 Highland Drive,

Salt Lake City, Utah Please send Daily Supply Tablets,

They sincerely postage free.

Ouantitvguantity S 50 tablets -- $8 -95 reason themselves 100 tab,ets $1 95 right into Satan's hands Name when events come up Address that separate the City. men from the boys. State Zip 9

Era! 3f w a-

"lips for Genealogists

FourGeneration PRS Inquiries Records Adjustment

Approximately onethird of the Pedigree Referral Do you have evidence of errors on family group

Service (PRS) inquiries are yielding a response. A records in the archives of the Genealogical Society?

"response"is at least one name and address received If so, you can have those records adjusted if the in reply to an inquiry. Response percentage on inrecords pertain to your direct ancestors and are not

quiries will continue to grow as more registrations beyond your greatgrandparents (4th generation).

are received. For this reason, all persons doing To request adjustments, you are asked to submit:

genealogical research are encouraged to register their (1) a photoduplicate of each archive record conancestral surnames, localities, and periods of time cerned, as it appears in the archives; (2) a complete

with PRS. More than half a million surname entries new family group record, prepared in accordance

are now on file. with instructions in the Genealogical Instruction

One particular type of PRS inquiry being subManual, with the items that differ from the archive mitted is contributing to the low response percentage. record underlined in red; (3) a letter listing the

Too many PRS participants are submitting Type A desired adjustments and the justification for each;

(town) inquiries, rather than Type B (countywide) and (4) a certified copy, photoduplicate, or typeinquiries. Since most surnames from the United written or handwritten facsimile of the documentary

States registered in PRS files are identified by county evidence that resolves each conflict or discrepancy.

alone, rather than by town, the response percentage If the present archive record was submitted by you, for town inquiries pertaining to the U.S. is about documentary evidence is not required, and step 4

12.7 percent. Thus, quite often the time and money may be omitted. If you did not submit the present

of those requesting Type A inquiries are wasted. archive record, you may still avoid providing docuIn years past most Americans lived on farms in mentary evidence by obtaining written consent from

rural areas and were not residents of particular towns. the original patron for the adjustments to be made.

The following example illustrates the problem faced by PRS inquirers Suppose one wants to get in touch with someone working on the Taylor line of Anson County, North

Carolina. Several persons who have traced their

Taylor family to Anson County may be registered with PRS, and since no town identification was known, only the county was registered. Those who submit

inquiriesType will be matched B (countywide) up 60Day Processing with othersby computer matching who submitted

PRS information. However, those who submit Type The new 90day processing of family group records

A (town) inquiries cannot be matched with those announced in the November Improvement Era is

Taylor researchers who registered only the county. already outdated. Beginning January 1, 1967, processFor this reason, it is strongly suggested that United ing time of family group records will be trimmed to

States inquiries be Type B. Exceptions to this would within 60 days of receipt of the records.

be inquiries pertaining to common surnames assoSaints can help reduce this time even more by ciated with large cities and surnames from some of preparing their records carefully in accordance with the New England states, where many excellent the steps outlined in the Genealogical Instruction genealogical sources are available. Manual.

Jan [32

p

Marion D. Hanks, January 1967

Steve Parker

.

ar f>--w 5 anuary... will this year be a retread—same old

W/J EiScfj &3S5r habits, same old ways, same old weaknesses, w&%[\\[Jj |LISBmw mtEJJi same old mistakes, same old heartaches, same will this new year for you be aold procrastinations? p Or

fresh and wonderful beginningto-bebetter kind of experience? Here's a new year wish from your editors:

little more like thee! IA little more like thee, Lord. A

would have... a heart more open to feel thy spirit, to

warm my brothers'needs, and sensitive enough to help fill them... a mind more receptive to know thy will, thy

ways, thy purposes for all, and keen enough to respond..

a self more ready to help in thy cause, to ease the burdens of my fellows, to calm the confusions in minds muddled by a world gone wrong, and pure enough to be the temple of my eternal spirit.

REEN THOuqkrs tf

by Marion D. Hanks

IT WAS A STRANGE TITLE for an editorial—certainly a different one: "Green Thoughts."

My eyes wandered with mild curiosity past the heading to the first words, and the scattered rays of a casual involvement suddenly gathered into the beam of an intense concentration. I had never read words

just like them before, and I had never personally visited in a city where they could with such validity be written. These were the first provocative sentences:

"It is a sad thing when people cease to dream of flowers, and dream only of vegetables. Such, however, is the plight of this

city today. Let a hundred flowers bloom—

we think only of potatoes, peas, and vegetable marrow."

The conclusion of the article was equally poignant:

"Pity that we have no time to look at the flowers...."

It was a Calcutta, India, newspaper I was reading, purchased for a few Indian pennies on a street where, the night before, my companions and I had been sickened and sorrowed by sights and sounds of another world. People were starving, picking scraps from

the gutter, begging and badgering, thousands of them sleeping in their rags in the streets. A hardpressed

government, earnestly struggling to survive the engulfing flood of hundreds of thousands of persons pouring into the city in ever increasing waves; could

not keep up with the problems.

For multitudes of young people in India, Africa,

China, Korea, and elsewhere, the life a Latterday

Saint teenager lives—even in the humblest circumstances—would be unbelievable. They couldn't

comprehend the profusion of privileges and blessings we enjoy.

What green thoughts have you these days?

What green dreams?

If there are enough vegetables to keep away hunger, and a roof and a bed and an interested heart nearby, rejoice! Dream of flowers, and share part of their

fragrance through a life of gratitude, of responsibility, and of genuine concern for others.

Illustrated by Travis Winn he windshield wipers swished sleepily across the windshield in.an effort to keep the pouring

rain from obstructing our vision. Outside the

warm car everything was a wet, shiny pattern of lights against the blackness of a soft spring night.

Kathy rambled on and on in her amusing, pleasing way, telling me about her weekend as a baton twirling judge at Calgary, Alberta, Canada.

"Yes, it certainly was worth the fifteen dollars

I gave you for tending the kids,"she laughingly concluded.

Then suddenly she became silent, and in a more thoughtful tone continued. "You know, Rhonda,

I had an experience that I'm not sure I should tell you about. It's too precious to tell to just

anyone, but I think you will appreciate it as much as I do."She told me the following story:

As we pulled out of the depot in Great

Falls, Montana, the deep voice of the bus driver boomed over the loudspeaker.

"Good morning, folks, and welcome to this line of the Greyhound Bus service. The country surrounding

the roads we'll be traveling on is beautiful, and I hope you enjoy your trip. We are due at the next

major bus stop in four hours. We'll

never make it."

I laughed softly to myself and then turned to identify the owner of a delighted chuckle who had apparently enjoyed the bus driver's comment as much as I.

With a start, I realized it was David, the blind boy I had met at the Great

Falls depot last year when I was traveling to the same twirling contest, watched him as he fingered his traveling

Illustrated by Sherry Thompson bag, a smile still on his freckled face. It all came child he had been afflicted with cancer of the eye,

back to me as I sat there—as clearly as if it had and his eyes had to be sealed shut. It was a

happened last week.... revelation for me to travel with him and to be

"Get outa my way, kid!"she bellowed. I saw able, for a day, to see through the eyes of the blind.

her grab the child's arm tightly, her fingernails When we had parted that first time a year ago, with their chipped red polish digging into his flesh. I realized I knew only his name and would probably

She lowered her voice so I could no longer hear never see him again. And now, as I looked again

what she said, but I could see her bright red lips at the person whose laugh had caught my interest, moving angrily over yellow teeth. She was shaking I was sure he would never remember me. But I

him, and I looked at his face, expecting him at wanted to talk to him again. I crossed the aisle

any moment to burst into tears; but his eyes were and struck up a conversation. After a few words

shut tight, and his face was devoid of expression. he put his hand on my arm and said, "You're

Since no indignant mother came running to his Kathy, aren't you?"

assistance, I realized he must be alone. Imagine the joy I felt that he would recognize

Although I was well aware that no one appremy voice and remember me after a whole year.

ciates a busybody, the situation had gone too far We chatted like good buddies, laughing together.

for me to sit idly watching. I walked toward the I asked him about school, and a pleased smile

pair, determined to do something. But as I radiated from his face as he informed me that

reached them, the woman pushed the boy and he'd learned how to write something on paper turned to her heel, muttering to herself about without raised lines.

"bratty kids."I was tempted to follow her, but I "You can?"I exclaimed. "What can you write?"

turned to the young boy instead. The force of the "Two names,"he said. "Yours and mine."

shove had sent him sprawling into a group of "Let's see you do it,"I challenged.

candy machines, and he sat on the floor, eyes still He was game, and after we found a pencil and shut, his fingers groping, touching, moving in- a piece of paper, he carefully spelled out "David"quisitively. I realized he was blind; and choking and then began my name. I was startled when I

back the pity that rushed to my eyes and throat saw that he spelled it correctly, with a K instead of in aching pains, I pulled him gently to his feet. a C.

'Here, son, I'll help you to the desk,"I said "How did you know my name started with a softly. 'K'?"I asked him.

"Oh, that's all right,"came the cheerful "Well, my mother and my teacher both thought reply. "Just tell me about how many steps it should start with a C, but I knew it started with

it is and point me in the right direction. I a K because kindness starts with K."

can make it by myself."

This cheerful independence was typical The preceding story is true and was retold with the of nineyear-old David as we traveled permission of Kathy Parmenter, to together. He was making his weekend visit whom the story happened.

to his home in the small town of Sunburst,

Montana, from the school for the blind in Great Falls. When David was a young

by Rhonda Patten "5V Missoula, Montana Kmdwss starts with"HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT LIFE, ITS SOCIAL, SPIRITUAL,

BELIEVE ABOUT THE CHURCH, TOTAL HONESTY, MARR

DEATH, KEEPING THE SABBATH DAY HOLY, DRINKING, GO

ING, HELPING OR BEING HELPED, CHASTITY, PAYING

THESE ARE IMPORTANT IN YOUR LIFE. CONSIDER THEM C

STANDING UP FOR? HOW IMPORTANT ARE THEY TO Yj

OTHERS? HOW DO YOUR IDEALS, YOUR PHILOSOPHIES D

VIEWS, FRIENDS'VIEWS, HEAVENLY FATHER'S GUIDELI

When you've decided what is worth standing up for, here are some "how to's"that can help you succeed: BACK UP YOUR VIEWS:

1. Gather facts that are sufficiently important.

2. Find out 'who says so.'

What's their authority?

3. Consider experience of

others. 4. Analyze your own experiences.

O

Photographs by Eldon Linschoten

Jan 38 PHYSICAL ASPECTS? WHAT DO YOU

IAGE, PEOPLE, DATING, LIFE AFTER

SSIP, FREEDOM, CLASSROOM CHEAT

DEBTS, ASSUMING RESPONSIBILITY?

AREFULLY. WHICH ONES ARE WORTH

OUR FUTURE, YOUR HAPPINESS, TO

IFFER OR SUPPORT YOUR PARENTS'

NES (COMMANDMENTS) TO US?

iiiiiiat JJr believe!by Elaine Cannon

DEVELOP THE SKILLS: CARE ENOUGH!

1. Know the value of wise tim- 1. What is there to lose if you

ing. don't stand up?

2. What is your image of your- 2. What is there to gain? Why

self? to others? bother?

3. Do you know your person- 3. What will the outcome be

ality credits and quirks? (worst possible, best possible,

4. Do you have an understandmost likely)?

ing of how to get along with people?

Era 39 iyiERyiN: MXA|R:::; xbruceshwstensen::mary..nn:roobiqu::*:::::::'

Studerit:PresWerit::::::ExtivJB:'SWrjetary of

:::::A(?firfe::Affairs:

The student officers of the College of Southern Utah discuss various ways of communicating, of improving personal relationships.

Moderator is Sterling Church, student government adviser.

Sterling Church: In your positions as student that by defining these lines

body officers, you have developed effective of authority and giving each means of communicating with others one a clear understanding of and developing better relationships with his responsibilities, we have a others. Therefore, you, are looked upon smootherrunning and more efficient

with great favor by your peers. Today we student government.

would like to find out some of the methods you have for getting along well with people, in Gayle McKeachnie: / agree. If others know their

the hope that they will benefit others in their relationship with you, you can have disagreements ability to understand and communicate more and yet get along well. You can disagree on policy

effectively. or many other things, but if you respect the other

The first question I would like to consider is person and his opinion and listen to it, you'll this: What, in your opinion, is the most important generally remain friends after the disagreement is

specific thing to remember in getting along well resolved. A mutual goal that both persons should

with others? Included in this question is another: have is to gain respect for one another. Perhaps

What have you found works best in developing Lee could give us some specific examples on this.

pleasant relationships wiih others?

Lee Hofeling: When I was in the mission field, I

Mervin Adair: Maybe I could start off. In our had a problem—it wasn't too serious—in my relaexperience this year in student government, I have tionship with my companion. I received a letter

found that the confusion comes when people don't from my mother that told of what is called in really understand their responsibility or authority psychology "The Principle of Positive Effect."In

or to whom they are responsible. We have found essence, this means that people will react toward

| Era 141 you in direct relationship to the way you make you are in a position of leadership, you really have them feel about themselves. If you can make an opportunity to give of yourself, and it's an

others feel good about themselves and that they opportunity—even an obligation—to bring out the

best in others and to appreciate them for what they are.

Sterling Church: Most of you seem to have the We should be aware

knack or ability of getting along well when you that each person meet someone for the first time. Many people

don't have this ability. What characteristics do

is an individual... you think enables one to get along well with others

right from the start?

are useful and worthv of your consideration, they Mervin Adair: J think the biggest key is to be

will usually respond effectively in whatever capacity openly friendly. As soon as you meet a person,

you ask them to work. you should try to remember his name.

Mervin Adair: I have heard it said that you should Bruce Christensen: You should be yourself, one

treat everyone as if he were your superior. I have hundred per cent, and not try to be someone else.

found that this really works. If you treat a person Just be Gayle or Bruce or Mary or whoever you are.

with no respect, if you try to make him do someis imthing just because you have authority, you find Lee Hofeling: Knowing another's name

that you never get any real moral support. But portant. But I've found that in order to continue

if you can make him feel good about himself and conversation effectively with a person whom you feel that you really respect him and have faith have perhaps just met, it is important to notice in his ability and opinion, you'll find that he will something distinctive about him. Maybe he has

give you loyal service and support.

Steve, Christensen: are saying,Bruce Then you

in other You should be yourself interested should be genuinely that we people. We should be aware that each person is...and not try

an individual, and we should work together in trying to understand each other. The key word to be someone else.

is understand.

Dan Chidester: / have also found that one im-

a special interest in a particular activity or hobby.

portant thing in getting along with others, holding

Or perhaps he comes from an interesting part of their respect, and getting them to continue to work with you is summarized in two words: "Thank the world. Show interest in something besides his

name, and he'll appreciate it and probably always you."retain an interest in you.

Sterling Church: We've heard from the men on Sterling Church: At your stage in life you are

how to get along with others. Mary Lynn, they say called upon to mingle with people in different situathat women have special ways to get what they tions, such as dating, committee work, church

want. Is this true? assignments, missionary efforts, school leadership

activities. We've talked about developing early Mary Lynn Rodriguez: We are all individuals—friendship with people, but now we'd like to know

people with different beliefs, different ways of what, in your opinion, is the most valuable thing doing things, different ways of appreciating one you have learned to help you keep these relationanother. I think it is important that we appreships lasting?

ciate each other for what we are. Since we are all

different, we have different goals. We have difEditor's Note: In a subsequent issue these CSU students

ferent things we can give to each other. When will continue their discussion on this question.

Jan 1 42 "J*V, w.,C">t.'"."..'..*.>-........<. M O*:*xccxvxs

. a * ATI Of* M

'joijijrJL*-"- **---- * * * t! *******

'.'A *""aB L

B * mjkm* a - i i aaVa * * * * * "* *VJ* "111.-L!.

*% a a i an iVinnro --*/***->**- -

.'wv.v

*"* A..a

t a m 9

irTr* ) ) **..*-- ** >.* '#* >#; *****"* ><! Ji*.————"*") **>*>***>BflW""—---—a*'****—.**——-w—> - * - * "*'W*.**—-,- MM. -! *'*.*.**

* 1 r% # **#**** **..* ** a** #*** "+ r,[>*> #>>>-* ***-*'***

* w * *. a.* a * rwlrVini*** * l

"*> i*l* *> * < a * ***> * *.

.. ** - if ***.*>

a *****i - * * '** i t i |PBai**l I *!*!'**''> *>** *>**<< **.*"-A.BB. aBBBH* *.

gj * TTl ** n I a /wtYtti M J -* Jfc* I I I I. I p. I, I 1 I *.*** I I *'"*I--I --*** **"* 11.11.*!*lllllllf* Bfjdii*"*"**""* >*#>* 1 '1 '11 >#**** iilli''*'* |l||l*l<< **'*"-"* a>* i*it<*!

a r * i g ******* lltattia! p.**. i /VN<j. t # a lAAI ** amO Bf B m o

vvffluEigpMMW-:-:

! XStudwKViceXpres'

m iftar *""* J* -\ jt* &k. %

IPhWI'#* SfeWwT at* "HfiHM ffm.JR.i * * "T ML.

As part of their farm mechanics program, three outstanding young men of the Byron Ward, Big Horn [Wyoming] Stake, designed and built a project out of metal.

Mike Hitz... won $400 as second

grand national award winner... president of

Byron FFA chapter...

lettered in football, basketball, track...

vicepresident of senior class... junior prom

king... active in Church

activities. He designed

and built a heavy tandem livestock trailer.

isPs.—JL*

Dete love... junior class

officer... secretary of

Explorer post... lettered

in football, basketball, track... active in all

phases of Church activity.

He designed and built a portable cattle stock.

Mike Stevens

... lettered in

football, basketball, track... allconference

guard (football)...

organist for priesthood... honor student...

student body president of Byron High... allstate

band and choir... delegate to Wyoming Boys 'State.

He designed and built a portable cattle hoof trimmer. ti'ihlfcf

Eileen Steed: Cotillion

"Debutante of the Year"18... Provo, Utah... % '47 of pageant Days for til

. to.. chosen 2 years Claudia Gregg represent stake as "exemof support youth in plary accomplishment A notable

... received her church"byhas been attained and Individual Awards all of Gregg, daughter Claudia

. serves as awards MIA Mr. R. Mrs. and Louis

... Sunday School.. teacher of Gregg, Tempe, Arizona

... She received her maintained 4.0 gradeHonor Bee award and was point average in high school.

special recognition given * > for having badges rI 4 77 honor during her two Beehive 1 years. She studies oil

painting... has won 4-H

ribbons at the state fair for her cooking and sewing t;i*

ability. a f # lifiilfil %f * a451% If I I"i-ft #3 The Mia Maids and Laurels met on a Saturday lot. for a car on the wash parking ward ward One \fibHJMts\ pit of a potatoes member, owned that who he was

OREM 27TH WARD 1966 MIA CALIFORNIA TRIP PICTURE FORTYFOUR excited MIA girls, five leaders, and one bus driver listening intently to a

Tuesday night MIA session. The youth speaker, Left to right: Nancy Jolley, Christina Nimer, Lynette Pearce, Diana

Newren, Jacob, Margaret Olsen, Marylacking the usual security of pulpit, bal- a stable Sherrie Greenhalgh, Mitchell, Barbara Bob ArleneSmith—busArnold, driver,Gloria andBeaumont,Connie

Greenhalgh.ances precariously holding on a step, a loudspeaker

in one hand and the steel rim of a bus seat in the unable to sell, gave approximately 1,500 pounds of other. Despite the apparent lack of physical facilipotatoes to the MIA to sort and sell.

Five active days on the trip included visits to the St. George Temple, Disneyland, a television

studio, Marineland, Playa Del Rey beach, Farmer's

Market, Forest Lawn Cemetery, a motion picture studio, and the Los Angeles Temple. At the Los

Angeles Temple the girls were baptized for 856 dead, which was the highlight of the trip.

Left to right: Claudia Olsen, Hallie Shumway, and Susan Jacob.

ties, the typically warm "Mormon meeting"atmosphere is present, tinged with an excited, vibrant feeling. Why the excitement? The girls,

traveling on Highway 66, are just 100 miles from

Las Vegas and a mere 600 miles from Los Angeles and the EncinoReseda Ward in the heart of Hollywood, where they are to be housed for four wonderful days.

How did this all begin? A hungry Scout troop

came in handy. Ambitious girls 'and leaders of the

Orem (Utah) 27th Ward, combining this hungry INGLEWOOD STAKE YOUTH WEEK mixes, asset with cake then made and sold 2,200 is of the a time the youth when YOUTH WEEK aftercupcakes meetings. and hundred One MIA

offices of over Stake Inglewood the various take ten dollars was added to the trip fund through 27 the stake. weeks of cupcake sales.

About a month before youth week, the stake Girls were able to see funds grow through Saturday cake sales and housecleaning projects. Adverpresident chose his counterpart, who, in turn, chose

his two counselors. These three met and chose

the high council, who went with their counterparts to meetings and observed them performing their

Church activities.

The youth then held a meeting to select bishops and stake MIA, Primary, and Relief Society officers.

Left to right: Claudia Olsen, Susan Stone, Hallie Shumway, Margaret When the young people were assigned jobs, it

Jacob, and Mary Jacob, meant attending all meetings, planning with their tisements in the ward paper brought requests for counterparts, and, for one week, taking complete help with housework for girls of MIA age. responsibility for their jobs. All of the young people

Ward members were asked to keep a supply of said that youth week had helped them to empty pop bottles on hand. A Laurel then organrealize what little knowledge they had about the

ized a group of Beehive girls and collected the jobs and responsibilities of the Church.—Melinda

bottles, which were turned in to local stores for cash. McBride

Jan|46j L D S Educational Opportunities -NOW by Lynn Eric Johnson, Ph.D.

Director, Admissions Information and Guidance Center

Brigham Young University

ADMISSIONS INFORMATION AND BYU continuing education centers are located at

GUIDANCE CENTER Idaho Falls, Idaho, and Ogden and Salt Lake City,

To help you be constantly informed and make the Utah, and offer a wide range of college and high best possible educational decisions, the Admissions school correspondence courses through the home

Information and Guidance Center at Brigham Young study division.

University stands ready to answer any questions you may have, give you an evaluation on your past CHURCH COLLEGE OF HAWAII work, and make some recommendations concerning Students from the Pacific area are encouraged your future training. We invite you to come in for to take advantage of the many programs offered.

an interview, or we can arrange for you to see a Students from the mainland are asked not to apply

Church educational representative nearest you. for admission.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY INSTITUTES

Several changes have been made in the admisCollege-level institute of religion classes are afsion requirements at BYU for fall, 1967. These forded students attending scores of universities,

include the following: colleges, and trade technical schools throughout the

United States, Canada, Mexico, and elsewhere.

1. A $10 nonrefundable application fee for all Students who do not attend Churchsponsored

students who apply January 1 and thereafter. schools are urged to enroll in the excellent institute

Its purpose is to give you better service.

programs near colleges in the United States and 2. An April 30 deadline for application for admisCanada.

sion, which will allow more time for student advisement. The last date to take the American LDS BUSINESS COLLEGE

College Test will be February 18. Register now

if you haven't already taken it. LDS Business College is located at 4th East and

3. A slightly higher admission standard. Freshman South Temple streets in Salt Lake City. To enroll,

students should be predicted to achieve at least a student must be a high school graduate or over a C average during their first year at BYU. This nineteen years of age. Twoyear associate degrees,

prediction is based on a formula combining the oneyear diplomas and threemonth certificates are high school grades and American College Test offered in many office skills.

results. 4. Transfer students must have a cumulative RICKS COLLEGE

gradepoint average of 2.25 (C plus) on all Ricks College, located in Rexburg, Idaho, now

college work and must have completed 15 has three thousand students. A high school

semester hours of college work. diploma (or equivalent) is required for admission,

5. All new freshmen and transfer students are asked plus the American College Test. Twoyear degrees,

to have a physical examination by their family a junior college diploma, and a oneyear certificate physician prior to admission. The examination are currently being offered. There are ten divisions

has no bearing on admission but gives the BYU and thirty departments on campus.

Health Center information for the assistance of students with special problems.

6. Effective fall semester, 1967, tuition will increase from the present $175 a semester for

members of The Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints to $200 per semester. Tuition

costs for nonmembers will be raised from $250 W to $325 a semester.

LIP SERVICE IS NOT ENOUGH

by President S. Dilworth Young

First Council of Seventy

lying in the sun take and not get caught. WeWbE WERE

behind the shelter of a group didn't do anything with the of large boulders near the top goods."

of one of the Wind River "Didn't you feel guilty?"

peaks. The wind was gusty and "Not especially; we knew

strong and cold; but behind we'd be punished if we were

the rocks sheltered from its caught, but the wrong of it blasts, the sun warmed us. the conscience part—didn't

The climb had been strenuous seem to bother us."

but exciting. "Have you done it lately?"

I was with a group of "Not within a year. SomeExplorers. We opened our how it isn't fun anymore."

lunch and munched on the cold Several of the boys conbread, cheese, dried fruit and fessed to similar experiences of nuts, and chocolate. As we short or long duration. The

ate and then relaxed, the boys Scout law had not come alive became serious and began to talk about ethics, to them. These were words repeated once a

which they accepted but had not necessarily week as a price for being Scouts but had no obeyed. relation to the daily acts of the boys.

Sensing that this was one of those rare We talked long and earnestly about theoccasions when boys open up in the presence ethics of behaving. Nearly all present adof adults and allow them to peer into hearts

mitted that they had little feeling for the law, and minds, I began to ask questions about because they had not been made to feel that their feelings in certain situations. For

it had any importance when they joined the example: Scout troop as twelve year olds.

"Have any of you boys ever stolen things while you were conscious of the Scout law If there is a moral to this story, it must be a Scout is trustworthy?''that lip service to any great ethic is of no

One boy spoke up: "I have. While I was effect in the building of a righteous life. One

working on my Eagle rank, every Saturday must practice over and over again the my boy friend and I used to go to a store ethical principle in every situation that is and steal stuff just to see how much we could experienced.

A SERIES OF MESSAGES TO YOUTH

BY THE GENERAL AUTHORITIES.

.sometimes

you can't see the forest for the trees.

Let's stop a moment and take a thorough look AVAILABILITY: Your savings are available at

at the whole savings picture: AMERICAN, with no "hardship"claim to sign on

withdrawal.

RESERVES: AMERICAN SAVINGS has strong

reserves, almost $10 million for your protection. FLEXIBILITY: With a passbook account you can add

or withdraw funds as you please.

EXPERIENCE: For 43 years, AMERICAN SAVINGS

has been a leading financial institution. SERVICE: Pleasant, friendlv, efficient people greet

you at all AMERICAN SAVINGS offices. Our

SECURITY: Sound management policies have led growth and size have not changed our personalized

AMERICAN SAVINGS to over $100 million in service.

assets.

SAFETY: Your account is safe, insured to $15,000 CONVENIENCE: At AMERICAN you can save by

by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. mail with postage paid both ways.

RATES: At AMERICAN your savings earn 5% per ACCEPTANCE: We now serve more than 50,000

annum, current rate, compounded semiannually. friends with AMERICAN SAVINGS accounts.

THE FACT OF THE MATTER REMAINS THAT YOU CAN'T BEAT AN AMERICAN SAVINGS ACCOUNT.

dmeticm Saving per annum current rate AND LOAN ASSOCIATION VJW*

HOME OFFICE: HAWAII DIVISIONAL OFFICE: HIL0 OFFICE:

63 South Main, Salt Lake City. Utah 84111 71 South King St., Box 3859, Honolulu, Hawaii 96812 120 Waianuenue Avenue. Hilo, Hawaii 96720

SUGAR HOUSE OFFICE: KAIMUKI OFFICE: KAPI0LANI OFFICE:

2186 Highland Drive, Salt Lake City. Utah 84106 1142 - 12th Avenue. Honolulu, Hawaii 96816 1602 Kapiolani Boulevard. Honolulu, Hawaii 96814

GRANGER OFFICE: KALIHI OFFICE: WAIKIKI OFFICE:

2727 West 3500 South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84119 1851 North Kins Street. Honolulu. Hawaii 96819 2113 Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu. Hawaii 96815

Here's How We Do A stimulating series from families on the meaning and howto-doit of home evening.

teacher, did a fine job of introducovercome. Even parents are human!

ing the visual aid for this week's The lesson included many scriplesson on repentance. In the sectures about repentance. Our famtion of the lesson that demonstrates ily enjoys finding references and

the "about face"meaning of repenreading from tjie scriptures. We

My husband, Bryant, and I have tance, our teenagers did not object each have a copy of the Book of seven children: Bob, 24; Kay, 23; to standing and turning around on Mormon, and are giving copies of

Lisa, 21; Steve, 19; John, 17; command. In fact, they enjoyed the standard works for birthday

Marion, 15, and Tom, 13. This is it, and Steve said later it made the presents so eventually each will

how our family presented one lesmeaning clearer to him that it had have his copy of all the standard son, "The Privilege of Repenting": ever been before. works.

After my husband and I had Marion told one of the stories My husband spoke with feeling read the lesson, we discussed the from the lesson and the older about his conviction that being points we wanted to emphasize and children responded readily to her able to have our sins forgiven is the assignments, which were given questions. We find that they often one of our Heavenly Father's blessout two days before the lesson. respond to each other more freely ings to us. We have found that one

On home evening my husband than when one of the parents leads of the best results of our home took charge. After the opening the discussion. evenings has been that we are able

song and prayer, I reviewed the To show how repentance brings to tell our children how we as previous week's lesson on learning blessings to our lives, I told a perparents feel about the gospel.

from our mistakes to make right sonal experience of how as a child When home evenings began, we choices. We find that our teen- I learned one shouldn't take money were shocked to realize we had

agers are reluctant to talk about that isn't his. Later several of the seldom taken time to do this before.

personal experiences before the children told me it helped them to Our recently returned missionary entire family. However, Tom said, hear my experience and to know son, Bob, related a mission field

"It makes me feel good to know that even their parents have made experience that illustrated how we that Heavenly Father doesn't just mistakes. It provided an opporcan forget our mistakes after reget through with you when you tunity for me to be closer to the pentance because we are forgiven

don't do what you ought to do."children and to admit that I have of them. This was of great interKay, who is training to be a many faults I am still trying to est to his younger brothers and

Jan 50 EMERSON L. HARDY B. GARFF H. T1NGEY E. KJAR CLARENCE JOSEPH MARK

VicePresident VicePresident President Senior Chairman

Chairman L.D.S. Church

Building Committee

integrity These men of keep your money SAFE, profitable and available when needed.

Conservative, sound, careful judgment is assured in the

Board of Directors of Deseret Federal Savings and Loan.

For 60 years, DFS has been directed by outstanding men of integrity who have created an enviable record of growth, service and stability. Open your savings account now at

Deseret Federal where your money earns a full 5% current rate compounded semiannually, and where each account is insured safe to $15,000 by a permanent U.S.

Government Agency.

sisters, as well as his parents.

During the discussion following the lesson, we passed out slips of paper and asked each person to write what he thought was the first step to repentance. We often use

WILLIAM FRANKLIN J. B. BROWN T.this methwrite-downyour-answer Director GEORGE1 Mrector M. CANNON HUGH MURDOCK COCKAYNE

First Presidency Attorney Directorod, as Director it gives even the reluctant children an opportunity to take E.D.S. Church'VicePresident,UtahIdaho Sugar Co. Murdock Travel Bureau

part in the lesson. As a followup

for the lesson, we put copies of UNSURPASSED: UNSURPASSED: Earnings.

these statements on the mirrors in Record of Safety. DFS DFS pays the highest rate

the bathrooms. These visual aids has never failed to pay a commensurate with

served as reminders to each of us dividend and on time. safety... currently a big 5%

during the week and helped initiate Each account INSURED compounded semiannually.

dinnertime conversations about safe to $15,000 by a repentance.

In presenting the home evening permanent U.S. UNSURPASSED: 60 years

lessons, we have found that our Government Agency. of Service.

teenage children do not like questions about their personal feelings, so we try to avoid this type of discussion. However, they often come DESERET

to me when we are alone and talkfreely about the subjects of the FEDERAL lessons. We feel that through these SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN

lessons, our family unity has im44 SOUTH MAIN 95 NO. UNIVERSITYproved and we have greater underSALT LAKE CITY PROVO

standing of our Heavenly Father's love for each of his childreu.O SA VE B Y MAIL dfs pays the postage both ways

WRITE FOR SIGNATURE CARDS TO OPEN YOUR ACCOUNT.

two volume food storage set

. I;;:.

when you join LDS Books Club and make your first regular Club selection

Family Wheat Storage Plan for Man mm 'More than 250 m An information recipes specially m WHYAND to guide packed for the developed

Tells storage. '..'-'! i food HOW: useofstoneground *

what foods you whole wheat flour.

should store, and Newly revised how to store them. edition. Regular

Reg. price $1.50 price $1.50.

1. TRUE TO 2. MORMON

THE FAITH DOCTRINE. by Bruce R. choose from compiledLlewelyn R.by McConkie

A compendium these LDS TheMcKaysermons and of the Gospel.

best sellers writings0. McKay.of DavidAn 875fingertippages referwith

inspiring work. ence. $6.95

$3.95

3. THE 4. THE FOURTH 5. THE TEN

MIRACLE MOST OF THOUSAND PERSONALITY YEARS THE TEN MOST WANTED MEN -/fit

Jfiwfr by Sterling by W. Cleon by Paul H. Dunn

W. Skousen of, ten The Sill 1811 qualities An Older Couple

stimulating 52 The sweep of of leadership, that chapters Biblical events tc By Sarah Johnson and how make self David im-:i; from to achieve them.

provement a Christ. Nearly 900 $3.50 the home we received When pleasure. pages. $6.95 and manual, evening my husband $3.75

I looked through it and felt that famifor lessons written the were 8. MESSAGES 7. i. 6. GOLDEN VALLEY THE for lies children, not with young OF THE FIRST KIMBALL OF TOMORROW children had older couples whose PRESIDENCY, by Claude T. by Gordon

Richards Alfred Vol. Ill married and left home. But we

by compiled try. to give them a decided novel. The inspiring LDS Anew

Clark James R. to study asked of an biography prome of A story My husband

outstanding Latfound spiritual Messages of the introduction, read through the

Woodruff Wilford terday Saint. experience. sections those select lesson, and and Lorenzo $3.95 $3.50 to beneficial most be that would Snow. $4.50

us. Although two interesting stories

are given—one for children and

the other for adults—I could see

value in using both, because the Inc. for children would smaller story Books Club,Salt Lake City, P.O.LDSBox 400 of us Utah 84110 help be more understanding

Enclosed is my check or money order in the amount of $.. the emotional needs of our grandat 99c the special for Please Storage "Family Plan"send and Man""Wheat price. children. As I prepared the lesselection. first regular Club as following Also, book(s) circled the please send my

clever, the son, impressed by I was '7 1 8 5 6 2 3 4 little did activities, but stimulating to purchase reviews. a minimum agree hereby monthly Enroll Club member and send me a LDS Books me as

activithese extent I realize price. to advertised (Premium books at the regularI 12 next selections or alternates months of during the 4 regular what

a as or alternate.) regular selection for Club joining not qualify do

I I will receive a valuable accept. For each 4 books 4 books. bonus I bookmay freeresign—ata savingany timeof 20%.after purchasing ties would enrich the relationship

between me and my husband.

NAME... That first home evening my

ADDRESS CITY... STATE ZIP.

O:

IS YOUR FOOD

STORAGE PROGRAM. Four Children—Ages ECONOMICALLY SOUND? Illustrated by Ted Nagata 5 Months to 8 Years

By Gary and Ruth Tingey We have four children: Wendy,

8; Carrie, 6; Brett, 5; and Jeanie,

5 months. The way we handled

the lesson "Working for the Welfare of All"is appropriate, because we are trying to teach our children responsibility through assigned duties.

Wendy conducted our song, "I Thank Thee, Dear Father."Our

family prayer, led by Daddy, was interrupted, as might be expected, by the baby's squealing.

Brett and Carrie sang a song, "When We're Helping We're Happy,"with Carrie singing the verse about mother and Brett the verse about father. Then Wendy

told one of the stories in the lesson, Wheat is the heart of any food storusing pictures for illustrations. ageon aprogram,regular keepturnoveryour wheatbasis supplyrather

Daddy told about Jesus as a boy than risk spoilage. Write for informaand how he probably helped his wheat.tion aboutMake yourhighprotein,food storagecleanedpromother carry water in clay jugs. gram a practical program.

We were proud to have Carrie AND SURPRISE!

interject, "I'll bet he also helped

Joseph; he was a carpenter, you Thatbasementwheatmakesyou havethe storedmost deliciousin your

goods. other baked Now know."We were grateful to a youbreadcanandconvert your stored wheat

Sunday School or Primary teacher into wholesome natural flour at your who taught her so well she could convenienceGrain Flour Mill.by using the superb Allremember this detail.

At the conclusion of the lesson, A MODERN ADAPTATION husband offered prayer and I prowe unveiled a new chart we had The AllGrain Mill is a modern elecceeded with one of the stories. He made, with spaces for each of their trictwostonerefinementflour ofmillthe thatold fashioned,preserves

nutrition nature's for marvelous their duties and flaeach disnames and one. the other thenread We exceptional with economy. star vor finished, a day. After task is a helpcussed could each how we

other and how we could influence covers the printing. Thus far we healthStart nowand toeconomy.enjoy topMillsflavor,availablegood

our grandchildren to feel that they have found that the chart is effecin two sizes. All mills guaranteed for

are precious to our Heavenly tive and attracts their interest. one year. Easy terms.

Father, to their parents, and to For refreshments that evening, For full information, write their grandparents. we had root beer floats. This part

At the conclusion of the lesson of our home evening ended in chaos we ate a dessert and played the when the little helpers tripped and ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL suggested game, "What Do You spilled all five floats. But we feel Dept. E, P.O. Box 168

Know About Me?"We found that that by helping serve the refreshBrigham City, Utah 84302

even after 40 years of married life ments, they are learning etiquette.

together neither of us was sure of We have one problem in home the other's favorite color, food, evening, one that is probably comsong, friend, or flower. mon to many families with young PRINTERS WANTED

As we have continued with the children. Most of the details they Offset cameramen, pressmen,

lessons in our home evening, we remember from their lessons are strippers.

appreciate the increased knowledge completely unrelated to the lesson, Permanent work. Attractive benefits.

of the gospel we have experienced. and many times we get sidetracked Apply Placement Center, Brigham

But of even greater value to us has with what they learned the day Young University, Provo, Utah been the application of the gospel before in Primary.

principles in our lives. We are But to us the real measure of A SCOUTING CAREER FOR YOU?

grateful for the help they give us home evenings is neither how Fulltime, executive positions available in developing Christlike qualities smoothly things run nor how attennowChallengingwith theworkBoywithScoutspeople.of LifeAmerica.long,

are, service career. Excellent tive children professional the that believeof character. much but how now We

degree. 2135. College Age live benefits. to in attempt lessons they the and evenings remember andhome helpful. Geographic Scout experience

Personnel Dept. E-l, Write:the home evening manual were the concepts of the lessons. We choice.Division, Council, National Boy

made to order for older couples. have learned that the more inof America, New Brunswick, N.J. 08903.Scouts

Era 53 as a large family can. And when

Life andLaw The Spoken Word the lesson refers to particular scriptures, often look addiup we Richard L. Evans

fully to tional ones explore more sixword sentenceThis a suggests Shakespeare searching deeply from is this subject. the find that We

subject: opinion his law."1 This to the brings question us was "His own of a helpful enjoyable and way

of freedom and restraint, of law and who is subject to it, and the subject brushing up on our scriptures.

of selfcontrol, which recalls a sentence from Goethe, who said: "WhatAfter we have the lesson, we

ever liberates our spirit without giving us selfcontrol is disastrous."have what we term our "business

All nature observes law. If it did not, life would not be possible. If meeting."Since we are attending

it did not, we could not reasonably know that the seasons would move school, it is important that we in succession, that there would be sufficient light or heat, that we could budget our income carefully, and plant with any reasonable assurance of having a harvest. Nor would we discuss this and any other perthere be reasonable assurance to prepare for the future. Life is possible, sonal problems that we might have.

and all that pertains to it, because God and nature administer and We firmly believe that when chanmove within law, from cause to consequence. Not only life, but living nels of communication are open,

with others is also possible because of law. Without law, no man could there is harmony in the home.O

be assured of the fruits of his labors. Without law, brute force would

prevail, the weak would be destroyed by the strong, and the strongwould destroy themselves in their struggles for ascendancy. Without A Group of Widows

law there would be no peace or privacy, no protection of person or of By Edyth Romney property, public or private; no foreseeable future, no assurance of anything we could count on. Every man has a right to safety for his loved Our little group of nine look forones when he leaves them. Every person has a right to be protected ward to Thursday night, which is

in his person and his property and to realize the results of his preparafamily night in our stake. Each

tion for the future, and every man has an obligation to protect others Thursday since the home evening also. No one who thinks his own opinions or appetites or inclinations program was introduced, we have

supersede law is safe in society. To be safe—indeed, to survive—there met to study and discuss the lessons

must be respect for, compliance with, and enforcement of the laws of and, on ocasion, have social activGod and nature and the laws of the land. And the closer we come ities.

to lawlessness, the farther we get from reason and respect, from peace Each of us lives alone, and seven and prosperity, from safety and assurance. The closer we come to of us have apartments in the same

lawlessness or to encouraging lawlessness, the closer we come to chaos. building. We alternate meeting in

He who feels his own opinion is his law is not a safe citizen, each other's homes, with the hostess preparing and serving the in soul thy "Confirm selfcontrol, refreshments.

2 in law."Thy liberty We find that the lessons are very

for lack practical, never and we i 2. sc. Shakespeare, VIII, Act IV, Henry Five to our lives. apply material to Bates, the Beautiful."-Katherine "America, Lee

of us take turns in presenting the presented Square, Spoken"The from Temple Word"over KSL and the Columbia lessons, and we find that we have 1966.Broadcasting Copyright 6, 1966. System November

developed a greater love for each other and our fellowmen, as well as for our Father in heaven, through studying the lessons.

One of the challenging and most formal and simple the lessons, the important, we have learned practiinteresting features of our home better they are learned. After cal ways of applying gospel evening is the application of the

small children sit all day in school principles. We know that only by lesson. A recent lesson on fellowand Primary, they want to relax our having a clear understanding shipping provided an excellent opand enjoy their homes. O of gospel precepts can we hope to portunity for us to visit members

A Young Married teachLord. our children the ways of the well.of the wardOur wardwhomiswelocateddidn't inknowan

Couple After beginning with prayer, we area of many apartment houses, take turns presenting the lesson. with a high turnover rate. Each

By Steve and Pat Boyden We cover the approaches for all of us took the names of new memWe have been married two and ages of children. This gives us an bers and visited them, welcoming

a half years and have a oneyear- opportunity to anticipate many of them to our ward and getting acold son. Many of our peers feel the problems we might someday quainted with them.

no need to hold home evenings, face and to determine what our In connection with a lesson on since their tiny children are not yet reactions will be. We follow the loving our fellowmen, we went as

able to understand the lessons, but manual closely, adding personal a group to visit a woman who has we do not agree. experiences whenever possible. been bedridden for several years

From studying the lessons toBy carrying out the assignments, with heart trouble and a broken gether we have increased our we feel that we can benefit in our hip. She and her husband exknowledge of the gospel, but more individual spiritual growth as well pressed great appreciation for the

j Jan J 54 We at DESERET NEWS PRESS have facilities capable of producvisit, which blessed us also. ing regional editions of almost any national magazine. We also print letterheads—or about anything you might need. We One of the great benefits of our business cards—

printhome evening group has been the can do your job planning, your photography or your artwork. We canspirit of fellowship and love genletterpress or offset—and we can perforate, fold and bind—just about

price is right.erated among and between the any style. And the important thing about us is—our

try, the proof Give us a of our quality work is evidenced by our many had dinnersmembers. We have

. customers. a concert,together, attended met satisfied

for a Saturday morning breakfast, and had a picnic lunch at a nearby park.

The group is organized with a president and a secretary. Each

home evening is opened with prayer, and whenever we meet in a home where there is a piano, we sing hymns. Members of our

group are Gladys Nichol and her sister, Edith Gold; Minnie Lundwall, Clara Russon, Mary Stone,

Caroline Ascough, Dorothy Hudspeth, and Elva Rigby. O

Three Children

Ages 9 to 16 By Suzanne Porter TEL: 4861892

On a recent Thursday evening 1600 EMPIRE ROAD our family gathered for home evening and the lesson, "Recognizing the Worth of Our Brothers and Sisters."There are five children in our family, but only three

of us are at home: Janice, 9; Bryant,

two 16). Our12; and me (I'm is Your kitchen stays brothersolder are Dwight, whoserving a mission in Central 50'cleaner when you

Germany, and Sherril, who filled a mission to Ireland and is now attending Brigham Young University.

For this lesson, I was asked to be in charge. A few days before

home evening, I studied thematerial and planned how to make ELECTRIC it apply most effectively to ourfamily. I wanted the lesson to be FOOD STORAGE Nothing is cleaner

special, such since its message is kilowatt—no for ingredientan important a BOOKLET than ahappy home. products of combusOur home evening began at 7 tion -p.m. I had arranged a circle of GATEWAY TO A

piano. the Janicechairs around the SURVIVAL singing I playedled the and

family I told thepiano. Then of IS STORAGE Bryant. that goal sothe lesson's

in offering the invocation, could PARTIAL TABLE OF CONTENTS ask for Heavenly Father's help in our accomplishing it. What Should We Store?

After prayer, I again stressed the Storing to Prevent Spoilage goal of the lesson and we discussed Notes on Specific Foods the meaning of brotherhood, using Rotate Your Perishables See the smart new the scriptures and examples given Emergency Sanitation electric range modelsin the lesson manual. We talked

about the rewards of looking for Group Rates Available at your dealer's now.

good in our brothers and sisters WALTER D. BATCHELOR If it's electric, it's better!

61 Beacon Avenue 84041 UTAH POWER & LIGHT COMPANY LAYTON, UTAH as they arise, but home evening

The Conduct of One Hour The Spoken Word givesfor furtheran evendiscussion.greater opportunity

Richard L. Evans In preparing for home evening,

lesof first the I the section read of thou- a reputation reads, "The that is oriental proverb old an There 1 then children and preschool on son Sometimes of hour."conduct one the determined years by be sand may a for plan lesson. entire the We so to intervals be short for fair such to and be just not seem it may this almost lesson, but 15minute and unmade to so made be matter that things for much important, all

hour. half to an lengthens always laid to low of be a lifetime labor the for or of act one moment, the by said, recently friend nonmember A matters that of time it isn't length the illadvised hour. But one by so it is that a we shame "What to inside, make or has happened before, what as goes what so much to listen our to time take seldom the character, qualities of the possible: action or act particular any

all their wonlittle hear ones and things we performance. Some our precede that thinking the habits,

evethoughts."home derful Our unmistakable be acts, some and may inadvertent are only doubt, do, no for the is special time a ning to leads that circumstances is of set background a there accidents; but

every act and incident. The word that cannot be recalled, the deed children to express their thoughts

ideas. and carelessness, of occurrences only be undonethese may cannot that be of evening, one family each At all inside. significant of more We something evidence they or be may prayer girls the gives opening the expect mistake, he must serious a a makes mistakes, but man when make closing. move the other the and We until they other people of opinion in the probation on to placed be stopping slowly, lessons the through error inadvertent an mistake the was as to whether satisfy themselves

girls raises of the one whenever loyalty, of lack character, of some corrosion of indication some or an their Often speak. to her hand repent; when and course, can people principle. of Of perversion some exactly pertain not do comments a it. forgive must can and is accept sincere, must We we repentance listen and lesson, but to the we for is it easier often misstep. But for a momentary person repentant the into their comments work then errors keep old may forget, to and somehow forgive than to men lesson. or previous a current inside, happens besides what is reason, only one This up. cropping School and to the Sunday Thanks illadvised the against to guard is on it be important everlastingly so why songs they many Primary, know life. of all of hours the or hour, of one any of moment, one action any their gusto. Though with sing and important more things even much of a lifetimeand many reputation The is enlimited, they ability reading or of hour one the conduct by determined be reputationmay than in scriptures the underlining joy is it: there is about doubt no There of a moment. misstep the by standard of the copies their own there performance; of consistency for constancy and paid a premium discuss to try not works. We end. the to consistently for enduring is paid a premium their comprehension, things beyond

ljapanese Proverb 14:18. so we often must reword the

scriptures for them.

presented Square, over KSL and the Columbia from Temple Spoken Word""The part of our home An important 1966. Copyright 13, 1966. November System Broadcasting probevening is when we discuss

lems that have arisen during the week. Remarkable changes have

come as the result of these discussions. Last spring a little neighbor

boy was playing with his father's gun and accidentally wounded our instead of seeing their faults, and we played a game and enjoyed daughter Melanie. The bullet

as the discussion continued, I could popcorn and mints as refreshments. damaged nerves in her left hand.

feel that the goal was taking on It was a most enjoyable evening Our home evening lesson shortly real meaning for our family. for all of us, and we felt that the afterward reminded us that we

We were now ready to accept lesson had truly helped us strengthmust forgive and show love for the assignment. After Janice passed en our family relationships. O everyone. The children sent the

out paper and pencils, we each boy a gift of the Children's Friend his birthday. wrote down the name of one perTwo Children for

son we had previously criticized Prayer has also become more imand added good points about this Ages 7 and 5 portant to our daughters. Not only

person. We then discussed how By John D. Cramer do they offer more thoughtful

we might find good traits in prayers, but they also turn more others. Please add our names to the list to prayer when they need help.

To tie in with the lesson, Mother of those who appreciate home The home evening lessons reread a poem, "I Know Something evenings. Living in the mission mind us that our little ones are

Good About You,"and gave each field, we often meet people of other most important to us. Though the

of us a copy. Father also told of faiths. It has become important to children must be disciplined and

a recent personal experience that us to have a time when our two taught right from wrong, the lesillustrated the good effects of kinddaughters can talk over conflicting sons help us teach them with love ness and concern for others. ideas they hear from their friends. and purpose and to understand the

After a closing hymn and prayer, We try to answer their questions ways of our Heavenly Father. O

Jan 56

* vitamin c Eight ChildrenUse today or store away! Multiple

Ages 3 to 16 Safeguard your family's health... and MineralsVitamins

By Grant Hardy now and later with a plentiful supply of: MultiPurpose Food

We have eight children, ranging HIGH POTENCY VITAMIN C tablets (Ascorbic Acid) in age from three to 16. To please supply adults with minimum daily requirement. Helps

both ends of this age spectrum in protect family during cold winter months. Big Savings!

our home is not easy. At times we MULTIPLE VITAMINS AND MINERALS contain 14 viwonder if it is just simply impostamins and 6 minerals. Be sure each member of your

sible, but through experience in familysupplement.takes You'lla tabletsavea moreday forat PermaPak.an essential dietary food

trying to find an approach that will interest the little children as MULTIPURPOSE FOOD... ideal as a low calorie

well as challenge the more sophiscomplete diet, food supplement, extender or fortifier.

ticated teenagers, we have come Marvelous for storing, for mobile or outdoor living, for up with a formula of three p's: emergencies,dry to soups, forjuices,everystew,day meatuse. dishes,MPF isbreads,precooked.fruits Addand

preparation, participation, and dozens of other food items. Add boiling water to make

preview. delicious cereal or vegetable.

To get the children involved is Telephone:

a matter of sound planning. My Compare pricesthen make a better buy at PermaPak (801) 4869671

wife and I have learned that we Write for prices on single and group orders.

need to discuss together each lesPool your order with others to take advantage of rates. low trucking

it fit of our theson to needs make IN PREPAREDNESS PRODUCTS PERMAPAKPIDNEERS civil defense, Church, leaders government urge greater considerafamily. Sometimes our

personal preparedness. Plan to store secure! and feel S., Salt Lake City, 40 E. 2430 Utah 84115

is give ation best not could who part of the lesson as much as who might benefit most from that participation. We have had some

choice experiences in discussing Repertoire for MIA Quarterly each of our children, their needs, Conference SATB 1967 and their strengths. Our main concern is keeping channels of comJEWELRY CO. with 30c openmunication God Is My Shepherd them. Home

DA 2-1039 42WEST2ND. SOUTH certainly helpedevening has

1, us to Jesus! SALT CITY of Wond'rous LAKE UTAH Name

understand and help them in a Love 25c more systematic way. INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

For example, for lesson 14, Joy Dawns Again at Easter....25c

"Jesus Teaches Us to Show ComFor the Beauty of the Earth..25c

lesson thepassion,"divided up we

Praise Ye the Name ofas follows:

...25c K)-K!>-0--l I -*<! 4 the Lord

Christ's of David, age 16—Story

visit to the Nephite people. (His Praise 35c IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS

studies helpedseminary make this Let All Mortal Flesh Keep sore in of simple treatment Aids interesting.especially Silence 30c throat and other minor mouth and piano 1"and 14—"Case Becky,

solo. throat irritations.

Ruth, 12—Story of the unmerciful servant and story of Carol and Florence Madsen's arr.Steve. She also prepared refresh- O HOME BELOVED HALLS REMEDY

ments. WHERE'ER I WANDER SSA Salt Lake City. Utah

Debby, 10—Story of Jesus feed25c

ing the 4,000 and "case 2."Write for Catalogs Steven, 9—Invocation. He also

directed the game "evidence"at Make Rubber Stamps for BIG PAY lesson. of thethe end

$60-$76 Need more Earn money?

time, spare at a week, makhome on Mary, how 7—Demonstration

ingrubberstampsforoffiees, factories, individuals. it if is of Hundreds growsa seed watermelon

uses. of Hundreds everywhere. Right in prospects—your comfor. own caredproperly nourished and munity. out Turn special stamps for Music Co names, addresses, notices, prices, etc., the benediction. also gaveShe

in minutes with machine. We

at everything finance help tabletopand 327 Broadway of Marian. Anne, 5—Story leBBfurnish than rates. for you,facts. free Write bank

call. will salesman No of Falls, gives Idaho usually one Idaho 83401 3, Mark, Jarvis, L>epr. Rubber Stamp Div. 1512 R-147AT, Chicago 60626

the prayers (with the help of my wife or me ) and participates in the discussion.

My wife and I divided up the rest of the lesson and the review USE YOUR CORRECT ZIPCODE to assure speedy delivery of your Era

WHEN YOU'RE IN HAWAII, of the previous week's lesson. lesson Mom and Dad read the lesENJOY Because of the wide age spread son, discuss it, and assign parts.

in our family, we have found that Mom helps the younger ones preALL THE the younger children sometimes pare and reminds the older ones

FUN AND lose interest in the discussions. So to study their assignments. For we have asked the two older girls this lesson, Bonita, Raymond, Brian,

EXCITEMENT to prepare the special preschool and Dad were given assignments.

lessons and take turns giving them Others were to help with songs,

OF THE to the three youngest children. prayers, activities, and refreshThis has worked very well, and the ments. Because Bonita loves to

girls are maturing because of the act, we asked her to tell the story experience. "A Pretend Picnic."Raymond and

This part of the lesson is given Brian were to discuss the sectionsOTlc just hour. the regular family before reof the lesson on prayer and

Unforgettable villages of Tahiti, Fiji, Saanticipated the At first little joicing, concepts we the two we felt moa, Tonga, Old Hawaii and Maori New ones would play quietly while the to be most important for our famZealand, open daily except Sundays from older ones discussed the lesson, but ily to learn to accept.

10 a.m. Authentic 2-hour Polynesian muit has worked out differently. They At the conclusion of the lesson,

sical pageant evenings. $7.90 includes want to hear our discussion too. our assignment to each member of

The lessons family so much more the to the mean (except year two occasions, admission, show and buffet dinner. See them for fast on these to old) and we was twofold: (1)

your travel agent or write: have not lost the family unity we 24 hours and pay a fast offering,

wanted to keep but feared we and (2) to be aware that prayer would lose by having "split and rejoicing should take place sessions."O while fasting.n To carry out the first part of the

receives child the assignment, each Oahu.Oahu, renter"* Six Children—Ages his actual cost of meals ( 50 cents Cultural"Laie,I aie.Hawaii 2 to 16—and Guests as his fast offering contribution. HeA nonprofit corporation of The Church

slip contribution out his own of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints By Ivan B. Cutler fills has encloses if he and the money

With our two oldest daughters fasted both meals. Without any

away at college, home evening is coercion from. parents, all of the

are the except youngest children the quite However, not same.A FREE DOLLAR BOX fast to often able families two meals to some compared we may

Chris, 16; successfully. with appear crowded,OF CANDY Connie, 10; 13; Bonita, Raymond, We find that the success of our

2. evening is measured by the Willard, 7, Ralph, 9; In home and $1200? attitude experienced changesWORTH by children, to our addition our home

a free box How accepting an often have each of also Grandincludes group netted us. We Mrs. Koubek's BandofParentsMason Candygroup evening

in profit just seventeen days! $1200 this family of indication when next door, Cutler, who lives

of raise for mother drive to the As chairman money chilof the one misprayer is said by returned a young and Brian, needed Mrs. equipment, band KouArthur

of Lyons, bek problem: how toIllinois,raise fundswas facedquickly,withwiththe sionary who lives with us. dren. For this particular lesson, a

risk soluor in attitude out the investment. noted found She fastreal was change lesson on our planned We tion the offer of a Mason fast moans Sunday. The usual the on to Thursday place ing take free of boxin the candy. deMason representative'sWhen man

it, livered he proexplained Mason's famous I missing. complaints were fast and might day, before make so we fundraising tected plan.

Mason supplies your group—completely application of the principles before believe our family now has a new

risk without or investment choice—a of they were forgotten. attitude and a better insight into beautifully boxed, topquality CanMason

dies. At no charge, each box has an attracUsually the Sunday before each rejoicing as part of fasting. O tively printed band, organizabearing your

tion's name, picture, and slogan. Mason

even prepays shipping charges. Your group

makes a big NET PROFIT of 66%% (40C on every dollar box that costs you only 600) and you pay nothing till after your drive is over. Anything remaining unsold can be returned for full credit! No risk, no investment

only pay—you collected your after you have

profit; reliMormons in a Far Land school community, Many and

gious groups raised have from $300 four to days. you. twenty $2500 in So can to By Val Camenish Wilcox

For details and your free box of Mason (Addis Ababa, Ethiopia) Candy.- below. fill in coupon

1 Mrs.M1NEOLA,Pat Mason,N. Y.978,1J50IMason, Box 549 Once a week those blessed Sabbath mornings,

GENTLEMEN 1 TION, INFORMATION: PLEASEON SENDYOUR ME,FUNDWITHOUTRAISINGOBLIGAPLAN. |1 Those meetings where but several people came,

) 1 Recalled the words of Jesus, our Redeemer:

1 ORGANIZATION "Where two or three are gathered in my name, j APDRFSS There am I also."As we felt his spirit,

Our everyday abodes chapels became.

MASON CANDIES, INC.. MINEOLA, N. Y.

I Jan 58

Two scenes from Walt Disney's Follow Me, Boys Left, Fred MacMurray with Boy Scoxit troop; right,

MacMurray, Kurt Russell, and Vera Miles.

Best of Movies By Howard Pearson

Walt Disney's name alone is tory. The story takes place at the troops. This last event is one of

recommendation for any film, but liberation of Paris from the Nazis beautiful triumph.

a bonus is offered when a Disney during World War II. Old newsThe film's events have been removie is coupled with the casting reel footage has been combined searched well and are true within

of Fred MacMurray and Vera with authentically dramatized porthe framework of the happening

Miles. trayals of events that happened at itself. Most of the characters in

This is the happy combination the time of the liberation. the story represent actual people,

for Follow Me, Boys, made from a The movie spotlights the major some of whom are still alive. As

MacKinlay Kantor story about Boy groups attempting to liberate Paris an epilogue, the black and white

Scouts. MacMurray, who plays a before the Allied forces reached film has a beautiful color segment

saxophone, is a wandering musician the city. Its main focus, however, showing scenes of Paris today.

who decides he wants to settle is on the drama between Hitler's Other films that Latterday down in a small town. Although he Gen. Dietrich Von Choltitz, played Saints might find entertaining,

might be considered a little old for magnificently by Gert Frobe, and amusing, edifying, or delightful romantic leads, he continues to the Swedish minister to Paris, are: The Bible... in the Begingive roles of this type a believabilRaoul Nordling, portrayed equally ning, an inspiring spectacle of the

ity and wholesomeness they need. well by Orson Welles. first six chapters of Genesis, told

He meets Miss Miles in the small Hitler has ordered his general to in the words of the scriptures;

town where he decides to settle. He destroy Paris—all its buildings, the Gentle Ben, an adventure about a

becomes a Pied Piper of sorts for Eifel Tower, the Louvre, the young boy who adopts a wild bear;

the delinquentprone youngsters of bridges—everything. Nordling, atRings Around the World, a presenthe town and accomplishes much tempting to save the city, presents tation of circus acts from many

good, with the type of heart and a dramatic appeal to Von Choltitz. countries, with Don Ameche as

comedy for which he and Disney The film has many exciting monarrator; The Wrong Box, a comare famed. ments: the argument of the Allies edy spoof with mystery, suspense,

Viewers will enjoy the things that about whether or not to invade the slapstick, and Victorian romance;

happen when MacMurray goes into city; the murder of French stuRomeo and Juliet, the Prokfiev

camp with the Scouts. It's heartdents; the shipping to Germany of ballet, which features Britain's

warming and entertaining. many French people; the mining Royal Ballet and its stars, Rudolf

75 Paris Burning? is a realistic, of the tower and the bridges by Nureyev and Margot Fonteyn;

honest depiction of one of the most the Nazis; and the final entry into Texas Across the River, a spoof on

emotional events in modern hisParis of French and American westerns, which stars Dean Martin.

Motion pictures reviewed on this page are neither approved nor recommended by the Church or the Era. They are, however, in the judgment of

the reviewer, among the least objectionable of the current films.

Era] 59 It is often easy at testimony meeting to identify Soon the child becomes a teenager. Unfortunately,

the mother of a newborn baby as the father prepares judging from their agitation, what a trial he has beto give it a name and a father's blessing. On her come to his parents! How his speech patterns and

face, for all the congregation to see, are mirrored actions embarrass them! His values? "My, how they

joy, pride, and happiness. are unlike ours!"his parents say. What happened to

To the parents, no such child was ever before these thoughts, dreams, plans that were so much a born into the world. They are right. - Their baby is part of that blessing given the child years ago?

unique—no other child in all the world is like him. At such a time in the life of the child, things need

What plans! What ideals! What goals they have in. to be placed in perspective—and should have been

mind for their little one! They dream—and reverently long ago. If the dreams parents have for their baby

so—of helping him become all that our Heavenly are to come true, they must lay early the foundation

Father intended him to be. for their fulfillment. For example, can one expect

The years pass by quickly. The precious baby a child to learn how to behave properly at the dinner

soon becomes a mischievous child full of curiosity table with company when he has never before and into everything. As the child goes from one experienced eating in the dining room at a table with

thing to another, a frown hardens on the face of the a snowwhite cloth and set with the best dishes and mother. Sharp words explode from the father, in silver? Oh, I know—the little child will spill food

contrast to those calming words at the testimony on the cloth; he will chip or break the good dishes.

meeting long ago. What has happened, that this Wait until he is older and knows how to act; then

precious child has now become a nuisance, a bother? he may eat in the dining room with guests.

Is he less precious now than when he was a baby? But is a guest more important than one's own child?

Parents'Dreams and Home Evening

Why not give children choice experiences while time to do those things that make us feel truly secure, they are young? Give them a sense of appreciation wanted, and needed. There seldom seems time to

for nice things and the care such things should have. do what we ought to do at the time that we ought

For a number of years our Church leaders have to do it.

been putting forth great effort to help parents make This is only one reason that one hour each week home what God intends it to be—a place of peace and spent with our family in a wellorganized family hour

happiness, where each member has a sense of beis a priceless experience for both parents and children.

longing, where family members play, work, and sing Is anyone too busy for that? In a short time, after

together, where people are most important. our children will have left us, what wouldn't we then

But in our frantic race to accumulate worldly wealth, give for an hour with our family gathered around us!

things have become more important than people. But by then it is too late. The product of our early

Social prestige and influence have become paramount. dreams and our actual home life will already have

In general, the world welcomes those who are sucbeen molded, for better or for worse.

cessful and gives a nod of approval to those who have Call your family together regularly. Come to know

money to buy material things. Hence, in young and each other intimately. Share with each other your

old alike, there is often a desperate struggle to become hopes, your ideals, your goals, your problems, your "successful,"to feel needed in the world, to receive discouragements, your misgivings, your fears. What

the world's approval, and to feel secure in places a pillar of strength we could be to one another! And

outside the home. there is no better way to keep those early dreams

It is not surprising, then, that some homes have foremost in our mind as we help each of our children become hurried, pressured places in which there is no to unfold his own unique greatness, o

Thelma de Jong is clinical supervisor of secondary education

By Thelma de Jong at Brigham Young University and a member of the Primary Illustrated by Warren and general board.

Phyllis Luch

JTT7 Tfy

V audiences that they described him as one who taught with authority. (See Matt. 7:29.)

Any teacher who develops these attributes will be effective and productive. Those who enter his class

will be impressed immediately with the beauty and The spirituality radiating from his enthusiastic personality.

Although these attributes come from the inner man, they are reflected in numerous ways that may be observed in the actions of the outer man. Effective Love of God

We discern the depth of a teachers love for his

Father in heaven as we pray with him, see his faith, and note his loyalty to God's anointed. We see it in Teacher his expressed reverence for life and, more especially,

By A. LaVar Thornock in his respect for motherhood and fatherhood. Lowell

Coordinator of the Snake River Valley District Seminaries Bennion notes: "The real gospel teacher has a basic,

underlying commitment to his Father in heaven. He

Recently someone asked this question: "How can seeks to know his will, to live worthy of his Spirit,

anyone determine how effective a teacher really is?"to be courageously loyal to his attributes and to his

Numerous thoughts raced through my mind as I purposes. He lives and teaches for him. He is

sought a concise and simple answer. I was aware of engaged in his work."(The Instructor, March 1966,

statements of philosophers and great thinkers, of p. 106.)

voluminous writings enumerating the characteristics The teacher who loves his Heavenly Father does of the master teacher, and of various modern findings not rely on his own wisdom and knowledge, regardless in character education. I remembered many exciting of how extensive his training and preparation might

classes that dealt with the subject, along with a few be. He seeks strength and guidance through prayer.

unproductive ones that I had personally attended President David O. McKay has said: "... every

during my own school years. And, finally, I recalled teacher in the world—should offer a prayer before he

my experience the past few years as a seminary meets his students. The teacher, sensing his responsicoordinator. All of these flashed through my mind bility, should realize his dependence upon a greater

as I realized, with my associates, the implications power.

behind the thoughtprovoking question. "Teachers have the greatest responsibility of anyHenry Adams has said, "A teacher affects eternity; one in the world—the guidance of a human soul!"

he can never tell where his influence stops."I am (The Instructor, September 1965, p. 343.)

certain this is true; thus, it is possible we will never There is about the teacher who seeks the companknow how effective a teacher really is. But there ionship of the Spirit of the Lord a sincerity that

are some indicators we can observe that let us know permeates the classroom and is felt by all. This

whether or not he may be effective. teacher knows he must harmonize his life with the

What are these common denominators that are obgospel so that he will be worthy of the promptings servable in most master teachers? The key to this of the Spirit.

question is to determine what it was that made Jesus

Christ the greatest teacher of all time. Love of Fellowman

The one readily discernible attribute that doubtless Everyone is impressed with Christ's ability to gave birth to all the other great qualities Jesus understand and accept all of his Father's children. He

portrayed was his great capacity to love. Let us look understood and accepted the tax collector, the wineat three general areas in which his love was clearly bibber, the adulterer, the physically ill, the soldier,

evident: First, there was his great love for his Father the lawyer, the aged, the child. His mind and heart

and for the plan of exaltation initiated in the prewere not compartmentalized by prejudices and hates.

mortal life. Second, there was his genuine love for He had the ability to separate the sin from the

all mankind as his brothers and sisters. Third, there sinner. He taught them all by using stories or parables

was his personal acceptance of himself as literally the that were on subjects familiar to his audiences and

Son of God. His own selfimage as the Son of God that portrayed the great principles he desired his

gave him confidence and knowledge so evident to his listeners to understand.

Jan[62 The effective teacher sees and understands his students as separate individuals. He is sensitive to

their personal needs, and he appeals to their needs in order to excite and involve them in the principles of the gospel. He realizes that, in a sense, every

person born into the world fills a space. He comes

to understand that this space is very personal and that no one enters another's space until he is invited to do so by the person who occupies it. Otherwise he

will be treated as an intruder and, consequently, rejected. Thus it becomes a real challenge for the

teacher to find a way to enter each student's personal space. He must understand that this space, filled

as it is with emotionally toned experiences, will repel logic, reasoning, and whisperings of the Spirit unless the student has confidence in and respect for the teacher.

The effective teacher develops great variety in his methodology and in his presentation so that his lessons appeal to each student's need for new experiences.

His lessons are exciting because he has prepared them creatively. Each lesson involves the majority, if not

all, of his students. Ample recognition is given each

student who participates so that he feels his contribution is important. Each student develops a

feeling of freedom to express his true feelings, knowing his teacher will understand even if the student's responses are not in harmony with most of his peers. Consequently, those students learn that they

can get recognition without resorting to negative behavior.

The productive teacher develops a mature philosophy of discipline with progressive steps to take care of each situation as it arises in the classroom. His

discipline is firm, fair, friendly, and consistent. The

students feel secure, because they know where the limits are. They develop an inner discipline that

seldom challenges the limits set by the teacher, because they respect and admire him. Such students

know their teacher genuinely loves each of them and that he is interested in their lives.

The effective teacher is sensitive to minimal cues.

He does not ignore the student who comes to class visibly upset, the student who daydreams, the student who is a social misfit, the student who is boisterous.

In fact, he notes any action that reflects unhappiness.

He reflects to these students an interest that permits them to share their burden, knowing that he will help them because he really loves and understands them.

The good teacher learns to listen to feelings expressed by students rather than to words alone, since words are often misleading. If a student asks

a common academic question, but is motivated by a and prophets of the past will have

The Spoken Word little effect on the lives of hisFull Performance students until he can make them

Richard L. Evans meaningful in their lives here and

now.

The parable of the talents is still in force, and it is more than a parable;

it is. an effective truth that tends to shape a person to the size and Love of Self

capacity that he sets for himself with his willingness or unwillingness to use the gifts and opportunities that God has given. There are those Brigham Young said, "The greatwho slow down, who reduce themselves, who refuse to work as well est lesson you can learn is to know

as they can, to do as well as they can, to produce as well as they can, to yourselves. When we know ourperform as well as they can. This is a selfdefeating process that is selves, we know how to deal with

often in evidence. But there is another side of this subject in which our neighbors. You have come

some are held back by actions or attitudes or decisions other than their here to learn this. You cannot

own, as, for example, in the learning process, when someone decides learn it immediately, neither can that all students should move at the same pace. It isn't easy to change all the philosophy of the age teach

the pattern or the pace for all the individual aptitudes. But if we it to you; you have to come here

reconcile ourselves to say that since we can't speed up the slow ones to get a practical experience and to we must slow down the fast ones, the resulting waste and frustration know yourselves. You will then

cannot be calculated. All have their gifts, their strengths, their weaknesses. begin to learn more perfectly the

their various abilities and different capacities, and progress comes with things of God. No being can thorfreedom to move forward and not from holding back in an attempt to oughly know himself, without

equalize everything. Some would slow down thinking; some would understanding more or less of the

slow down working; some would seem to want to slow down any process things of God; neither can any

of improvement. But if people hadn't been permitted to use their free being learn and understand the

and forwardmoving powers, life would be impoverished. Every man things of God, without knowing

should give full measure, and so receive, and not grudgingly withhold himself; he must know himself, or

himself or slow down his thought, his abilities, his full powers of perhe can never know God."(Journal

formance. Every man should become the best he can become, and make of Discourses, Vol. 8, pp. 33435.)

what he can make, and do what he can do. Every child, every student In considering the area of love

should be permitted to move forward freely, constructively, to the best of self, the effective teacher develof his ability. And he who is grudging in his learning, in his teaching, ops a practice of selfexamination.

in serving, in doing, will, like the unprofitable servant, lose much he Through introspection, he comes might have had. God help us to go ahead with the freedom, with the to understand a great deal about

gifts and talents and opportunities he has given, and not be less than why he thinks and feels as he the best we can. does. He does not forget his

present or past weaknesses, but, be- "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia cause he understands the atonement

Broadcasting System, October 9, 1966. Copyright 1966. and the principles of repentance,

he comes to accept himself. He

makes his past failures work for him, rather than against him.

Although he knows that his ultimate goal is perfection, he does not take himself too seriously. He

personal reason, the teacher should knowledge and testimony of the has a sense of humor, which helps know this. For example, a student gospel and then went to the temple, him over the rough spots in the

asks the following question: "If having their family sealed to them. classroom. When he makes a mis-

a couple were not married in the In the first situation, the student take, he can laugh at himself and temple but otherwise are living might leave the class thinking, not be so threatened that he loses good lives, won't they have each "Shucks, what is the use of even his composure.

other and their children in the trying to live the gospel? I won't As he gains experience, he also

hereafter?"be with my parents anyway."In gains a testimony of the real purTo answer such a question, a the second situation, the student pose of life. He knows that God

teacher might have the student turn will probably leave the class thinklives and that he controls the unito the scriptures and then feel that ing, "Boy, I've really got to shape verse. He understands that just as

he has done a commendable job. up and help my parents undersurely as the universe is controlled

However, if he really loves this stand the gospel so they will go to by physical law, there are also student and knows why the questhe temple and have me sealed spiritual laws that are absolute.

tion was asked, he will be much to them."He develops a very personal relamore effective if he also tells a Thus, the effective teacher tionship with the God of this earth,

faithpromoting story of someone knows the tremendous strength of and in a spirit of gratitude, he who, through prayer and living the three little words: me, here, now! realizes he has a mission and a

gospel, had such an influence on He knows that the great stories destiny. Part of that destiny is to

her parents that they came to a and principles given to the peoples be an effective teacher.

Jan 64 What Are We Waiting For? The Spoken Word

Richard L. Evans Buffs

It sometimes seems that we live as if we wonder when life is going to begin. It isn't always clear just what we are waiting for, but some of and us sometimes persist in waiting so long that life slips by—finding us still

waiting for something that has been going on all the time. There are

fathers waiting for a better time to become acquainted with their sons, perhaps until other obligations are less demanding. But one of these Rebuffs days these sons are going to be grown and gone, and the best years

for knowing them, for enjoying them, for teaching, and for understanding them may also be gone. There are mothers who at their earliest

Poetry of S. Dilworth Young convenience sincerely intend to be more attentive to the plans and the

In the September issue I was inproblems, to the goings and comings, of their daughters, and who are trigued by the poetry written by going to be more companionable. But time passes, distance widens,

ofPresident S. Dilworth Young the and children grow up and away. There are old friends who are going of the SeventyFirst Council and

would like to read the entire work to enjoy each other a little more, but the years move on. There are

from which your excerpts were taken. husbands and wives who are going to be more understanding, more

I thought his poetry was a moving considerate. But time alone does not draw people closer. There are

description of the Prophetand graphic in men who are going to give up bad habits; there are people who are landscape, writtenand of Vermont

a style that young and old could going to eat more wisely; there are those who are going to live within

enjoy. their means—sometime soon. There are those who are going to take

Mrs. George L. Knepp more interest in their government. But when? There is no reason to

Salt Lake City doubt all such good intentions, but when in the world are we going

President Young's poetry is some of to begin to live as if we understood that this is life? This is our time,

the finest I have read dealing with our day, our generation. Heaven and the hereafter will have its own

history. I haveMormon almost comopportunities and obligations. This is the life in which the work of

itpletely committed to memory.

Mrs. Eva L. Hassell this life is to be done. Today is as much a part of eternity as any day

Los Alamos, New Mexico a thousand years ago or as will be any day a thousand years hence.

is thrilled or disappointed, This it, whether busy or bored! This we are titled of Boyhood The stanzas "The

is life, it is passing. are waiting for? and What we goodJoseph a certain brought Smith"

ness and meaning to me that I had not had before. "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Gloria Petersen Broadcasting System November 27, 1966. Copyright 1966.

Houston, Texas My wife and I and our friends very much enjoyed the poems of S. Dilworth Young. Poetry of this caliber

on such a subject is very rare. length poem, on the life of the Prophet Latterday Saints around the world.

Lynn J. Bennion Joseph Smith, partsWith theof themanyworld,missionariesvisits of ingeneralmany

Boston, Mass. His poetry is very lovely; but the authorities and auxiliary leaders, the

widethe Era, and News, Church thing I like best is that it is easy to is set forth in strong His poetry if I publicity, temple spread wonder read. in straightforward moveimagery,

in edited the printed statements were Adams of line and with Ada and language,ment if there of space were the interest and Denver, Colorado feeling of reality.an excellent

Claire Noall not some qualifying comments.

Salt Lake City It Gets Around Max B. Zimmer

Bountiful, Utah I find it to be one of the clearest What happy memories come to me and most refreshing presentations of when I read the Era and remember All "Era Asks"interviews are tape tape check recorded. of the A careful association Latterday Saints withthe Prophet's life that I have yet my

that this interview a faithshows did I for Particularly the world. aroundread.

E. Alan Pettit enjoy the September "Era Asks"on ful and accurate reprint was made,

Bakersfield, California converts. You may be interested in with no qualifying comments left out.

gets around. one magazine how I From the Halls of Montezuma Poetry does not normally appeal to at college, to sent it a friend who

deeply touchedme, but I was it forces, the in by posted to a who boy I to express Marine, a U.S. want As

in Presidentthe expressed emotion it friend another sent in to turn it I the welcome Era, enjoy how at how is exceptional It verse. anYoung's college. medical is it does read, to good and much how publishing be Will morework. you H. Walker Mary services. in military the for those of us

it?of Yorkshire, England Cpl. Christensen D. Ronald

M. Wallace Kay

Denver, Colorado San Diego, California

What Do Saints Know of Each Other?

Few articles or poems have elicited I wish all youth everywhere could as much favorable public response I was somewhat puzzled in reading read it. Such a wealth of striking

as has President Young's poetry. We in September's "Era Asks"the statepictures painted with so few words!

are pleased to announce that in a ments of stake leaders from several How forceful are his short lines!

future issue we will carry additional nations and to learn of their apparent Mrs. J. W. Pratt

excerpts from President Young's booklack of knowledge concerning fellow Rillito, Arizona

Era|65"1 In October and November 1966 These Times the President of the United States spent 17 days in the Pacific and

East Asia sectors of the worldSamoa, New Zealand, Australia, The American Viet Nam, Korea, the Philippines, and other areas. His presence Presence there symbolized the deepening

involvement in the probAmerican in Asia lems of Asia.

By Dr. G. Homer Durham In September 1965, National

President, Arizona State Geographic published the fact that

University, Tempe the U.S. Air Force maintained 65

installations overseas. These included Yokota Air Base in Japan;

the headquarters of the 5th Air

The Church

The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir, singing at the 92nd annual convention of the American Bankers Association in San

Francisco's civic auditorium, was well received by nearly 4,000 delegates.

A recent decision of the general authorities was announced requesting that Sunday School teachers not take classes on excursions during the regular Sunday School hours.

?1 New stake presidencies sustained. Garfield (Utah) Stake,

J President Lorenzo C. Shurtz and counselors Malen A. Mecham

and Reeves V. Baker; Modesto (California) Stake, President D.

Leon Ward and counselors Ronald V. Stone and William B. Hughes.

Elder Gordon B. Hinckley of the Council of the Twelve dedicated South Viet Nam for the preaching of the gospel.

November 1966

Elder Marion G. Romney of the Council of the Twelve dedicated Venezuela for the preaching of the gospel. On October

31 he registered the Church with the government of that South

American land.

Thailand was dedicated for the preaching of the gospel by Elder Gordon B. Hinckley of the Council of the Twelve.

It was announced that Ferdinand E. Peterson has been

named director of the hosting committee of the Church information committee. He will direct several hundred hosts

who welcome visitors to Salt Lake City and take them to points of interest.

A crew of three from the British Broadcasting Corporation was working in Salt Lake City on a 30minute TV and radio program on the Mormons. Their project will require two weeks'work

in Salt Lake City and another two weeks in Great Britain. It is

u illustrated by Dale Kilbourn Jan'66 Force at Fuchu, Japan; Osan Air Naval Base in Japan is a major other nations? The President's visit

Base, Korea; Nana and Kadena air U.S. naval station. Even without again dramatized the policy of rebases, Okinawa; Clark Air Base, the military buildup in South Viet sisting Communism in Asia, much

Luzon, the Philippines; Andersen Nam (reported as now exceeding as the Berlin airlift demonstrated in

Air Base, Guam; and bases in that of Korea during 19501953), Europe nearly twenty years ago.

Taiwan, Viet Nam, Thailand, and the American "presence"has been But the two situations are very elsewhere. apparent. The visit of the Presidifferent.

MATS, the U.S. Military Air dent emphasized the fact to all the In the case of western Europe,

Transport Service, was described world. American land, sea, and air forces

as "the most farflung military orIn Anchorage, Alaska, on Novemoccupied Germany, England, and ganization in the world, with ber 2, President Johnson described France alongside British, French, 90,000 people and more than a the 17day trip "as the most imand other allied troops. Their supthousand aircraft,"a "160,000 mile portant and most historic trip"of port was for mature nations,

globegirdling network."A mighty his life. characterized by urban life and its

U.S. fleet has patrolled the ForWhat about its importance in the interdependencies, and possessing

mosan Strait since 1949. Sasebo history of the United States and stable governments.

The Viet Nam war is the second demonstration of the American intent in Asia. The first example

came in the Korean War fifteen years ago and ended in stalemate.

The Panmunjom rituals continue to this day, an armed truce. The

Korean demonstration involved, largely, organized warfare between two highly organized sides—the

United Nations forces against the

North Koreans and Chinese, withMoves On Russian supplies and support. The

Viet Nam case involves guerilla expected that the program will be viewed and heard by some warfare, an enemy whose visibility 30,000,000 people. as an organized mass is often indistinct. It is a civil war with strong

New stake presidency sustained: Canyon Rim (Salt Lake ideological overtones. Viet Nam is

County) Stake, President Stanley G. Smith and counselors an old country without a long reWarren B. Brown and Luther W. Palmer. cent history of governmental stability. Rather, it is an "emerging

All missionaries of the Church serving in Italy are safe, after nation"attempting to find itself in one of the worst floods in Italian history. Elder Ezra Taft the 20th century after French

Benson of the Council of the Twelve, who is traveling in Europe, colonial rule.

made this report by telephone to President Hugh B. Brown. Weapons were a major factor in

Europe and in Korea. In Europe

The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and the Utah National it was actually the demonstrated

Guard's 23rd Army Band presented a Veteran's Day concert threat and capability of weapons, this evening in the Tabernacle. rather than their use, that determined the outcome. In Viet Nam,

The First Presidency announced that General Superintendent the issue, in the long run, may well

George R. Hill of the Deseret Sunday School Union has be the control of land and of food

been granted a release. Also released were members of the Sunsupply for the guerillas. President

day School general board; however, the two assistant general Johnson reported that he returned

superintendents, David Lawrence McKay and Lynn S. Richards, "much more confident and much

have been asked to continue in their posts until a new superinmore hopeful"than when he left.

tendency is appointed. Superintendent Hill had served in the But the road to peace in Viet Nam

position since September 1949, when he succeeded Milton Bennion. "may be long and difficult,"he

He was then serving as first assistant to Superintendent Bennion. added.

To many, the American presence

The appointment of Mrs. Ola D. Wilcock of Salt Lake City in Asia represents superior fireto the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association power and weaponry. So appeared

general board was announced. the Portuguese, the British, the

Dutch, and the French in former

The First Presidency announced the appointments of Reed E. days. What can the American

Callister of Glendale, California, as president of the British presence do to convince the Asiatic

Mission, succeeding President O. Preston Robinson; and J. Peter farmer that there is a better way

Loscher, recently released as president of the Austrian Mission, as than the Viet Cong or the red president of the North German Mission. He succeeds President guard? This question faces us in

Myron O. Bangerter, who is returning home on medical leave. 1967.

Era 67

Melchizedek Priesthood

v.::::. k \v0iO

-"',x$vV it tfe ": &S3 v 'X I I

3pp

's m

; X <

X i,'.'(V,|

's'.>

r

'lit. 1 i

1*- '''%,

m Illustrated by -% Dale Kilbourn trailer >,oad *? & to

#&?Zr **%.a?. 3stf e*e A M3&

* </;V eetf to ea/7 tft etrj? Priesthood

Brotherhood The number of kind acts done by many people to "Yes,"said Elder Jones.

others is beyond counting. Because of the principle "We have an urgent call up the street, but if you

taught to Christians in their youth that one must not will rest for a few minutes, there will be someone let the left hand know what the right hand is doing, here to lift the heavy furniture,"said the bishop. He

and its corollary to the effect that one gives his alms and his companion walked on.

in secret, that the Lord may reward him openly, About fifteen minutes later porch lights suddenly these kindly acts are difficult to ferret out. Yet we went on up and down the street. From ten nearby

occasionally need to know of them to reassure ourhouses came ten young men who were soon standing selves that good deeds are indeed worthwhile, that at the trailer.

their effects are as far reaching as if they have no "The bishop says you are moving in and need some end. help. Now you direct us where to put the furniture."

We learned of such a deed a few days ago. We In thirty minutes the trailer was empty, the furnido not know the names of the people concerned, nor ture in place, and the young men were back to their

do we know the name of the bishop, but we do newspapers, their TV programs, or their family home know that the deed was done and the persons inevenings.

volved given the lift necessary at the moment of Such acts, giving aid and buoying up the spirits of need. This is the story: those new in the ward, and nonmembers too, are

Elder Jones and his family ( name fictitious ) moved often done, their occurrence passing notice because into a Salt Lake City suburb from Phoenix, Arizona. they want no notice. But they are the acts that put

They had loaded the furniture and other possessions the breath of life into the body and give us all into a large rented trailer and pulled the whole load spiritual strength. We are organized as a church to

with their own car. To complicate the task of moving, do these acts quickly and well. We court them and

Mrs. Jones had broken her arm the day before they do them, and we are glad that they are acts worthy

left Phoenix. The move brought them in the neighof the priesthood.

borhood of a sisterin-law, who immediately came But let us not forget that, worthy as the aboveover to help unload. mentioned occurrence was, and as proud as we are

Elder Jones and his sisterin-law with the help of of the men who performed the deed, the fact that three children had unloaded a part of the trailer, we are organized to serve should not make us deaf but the remainder consisted of the heavy furniture to needs that we can assume to help without awaiting and appliances. Elder Jones wondered how he would the bishop's call. In our opinion, those neighbors,

get this material in the house. seeing the trailer, should have known there would

Just then up the sidewalk came two men. One be need and should not have waited for the bishop

extended his hand. to call them to their duty. They performed the duty

"I am the bishop of this ward; are you folks Latterwell. They responded to the bishop. But had they

day Saints?"noticed, they would not have waited for the bishop. O

Era 69 '*it&i Presiding Bishopric's Page CI IP1 r #- THE PROBLEM: The bishop first learned about

it late Tuesday evening when the phone rang and he heard the earnest voice of one of the high councilors.

After a pleasant exchange of words, the voice on the other end laughed with some slight embarrassment, and then got down to business:

"You know, Bishop, we've just had our weekly high council meeting, and I've been asked to call you."There was a slight pause. "We spent a good

deal of time going over the problems presented by: the Aaronic Priesthood—Youth committee. I'm a

member, as you know, and we discussed the statistical end quite a bit."Another pause. "The president

:; was quite unhappy about some of the wards, the

ones who are down so far in priesthood meeting attendance..."

The bishop waited for him to go on, listening, 4. carefully to the words, the explanations. He wondered how many times had he made the same kind

of call: cheer them up, pay them a compliment or

two, then get to the point.

"... so it seems your ward doesn't stack up very

high with the rest of the stake. In fact, your teachers

quorum has been at the very bottom two months in a row now."

The bishop sat and listened. He understood the

call and its need. He was very much aware of his

teachers quorum and where they stood statistically, but he also was aware of the MIA and the Primary.

They were on top of the stake statistics. And he

rated high in many other areas. A little resentment

edged into his mind, and he smiled as the high councilor's words broke through his thoughts. "... and

so, since the Aaronic Priesthood is your main responsibility, it was suggested that if you put your strongest man in as the teachers quorum adviser, it would certainly...."

llWstrSpted by Dale Kilbourn He held the smile. Everything seemed to be his

main responsibility; everyone wanted him to put his

strongest man in the one key position. Yet, a point

All right, washoodbeingreallymadewas overhis mainthe phone:responsibility.the AaronicButPriestwhat

could he do? And where was there another strong

man to strengthen the teachers?

keep you any longer. The president said to be sure Bishop, what "Well, I know you're awfully busy... so I won't

and congratulate you on the tremendous job your

MIA is doing. It's leading the stake, you know."

hung up the phone. are we going Another wry smile crept across his face as the bishop But the high councilor was right: the Aaronic

Priesthood should have been his principal considerapast few months, and he was proud, indeed, of the to do about it? tion. He'd put a lot of time into the MIA over the

Jan[70 burgeoning accomplishments there. But in so doing, Aaronic Priesthood is for us to train the presidencies

perhaps he had neglected his teachers quorum. and for them to train their quorums."

A sigh escaped as he sat there thinking. It was Both counselors shuffled nervously, but he went on:

late now, but it would be bright and sunny Sunday "You know, I did a great thing after that phone call, morning when he'd be telling his counselors of the something I hadn't done since they called us into phone call. He winced a bit as he contemplated the bishopric. I dusted off my Aaronic Priesthood

exactly how his second counselor would look when manual and read it—every word! And I want you to

he'd lean over and say, in that eternally cheery voice: know that we've missed the boat as far as training

"All right, Bishop, what are we going to do about it?"these boys to become leaders in the Church is conTHE SOLUTION: Several days had given him time cerned."He was silent, letting his words sink in.

for preparation when this query came up, as he "Why, how can we ever hope to teach them respect knew it would. He now had a comfortable feeling for priesthood authority when we've been so hapabout it. He'd done something he hadn't done in a hazard about having them hold their meeting as a

good long time: he'd read carefully the Aaronic presidency? When did they hold the last one, or,

Priesthood handbook. But he was anxious to test more importantly, when did they hold one in which

his own feelings against those of his counselors. they really shouldered their responsibilities in regard

"Frankly, brethren, while I appreciate the suggesto getting out their inactive members? Or making

tion that we put a stronger man in as quorum adviser, assignments stick?

I wonder if that will really solve our problem. I "When a teacher takes an assignment and then

mean, I personally feel that Brother Bennett has made sloughs it off, who fills in for him? A member of the

an honest effort in this position, and I'm wondering presidency. But does anyone ever say anything to

just where we'd get a better man without disrupting him? Is he ever counseled or cautioned or loved or

some other organization. I think the problem with reproached?"There was a longer silence now. "I

the teachers quorum goes deeper than merely maintain, and I see it clearly now, that the responsistrengthening the adviser."bility for shaping up the quorum isn't. ours. It isn't

The bishop leaned back. His counselors had been even Brother Bennett's. It belongs to them—the boys,

with him for several years, and they both recognized the presidency!"And then he added softly and with

this as their invitation to comment. a finality of his own, "But the responsibility for giving

- with the teachers, this vision, this challenge to the presidency, will "Bishop, since my assignment is

I'd like to back you up in supporting Brother Bennett. always be ours."

He's a good fellow. But I'd also like to point out # # # #

that we have a relatively small quorum—just twelve Nearly six months later, sitting again in their office,

boys. If only four boys are absent, that drops us the bishopric faced two anxious young men. One of

down to 66 percent."the boys, the smiling one, was a teacher, an active

"Oh, I don't really think we're talking about permember of an active quorum. A half year earlier he'd

centages,"said the bishop. "I think we're talking been wholly inactive, merely a statistic on a report

about four boys. What the stake says is true enough. bandied about one night in high council meeting.

Our teachers quorum is in bad shape. The only Now he stood before the bishop a little ill at ease but

thing is, they have to cite statistics; but we can give nevertheless proud of what he was about to say.

their percentages names, boys'names. It's the four "Bishop, you know Tom here. He's been coming

or five boys we seem to be losing that concern me out to church regularly with me for quite a while.

most, and after them I'm worried about the He's been pretty active in our quorum, except, of presidency."course, he can't take some of the assignments, since

"The presidency?"exclaimed the first counselor. he isn't a member of the Church. Now he wants to

"Why, we have our finest boys in that teachers join. However, Tom's father doesn't want him to be

presidency. They don't give us a minute's trouble."baptized. Of course, that's just because he doesn't

He said this with finality, but the bishop quickly really understand. So I told Tom I was sure you

picked him up on it. would go see his dad and...."

"That's right, not a minute's trouble or a minute's The bishop was already lost in a reverie of thought.

help."He was ready to make his point now, so he And satisfying as those words were, yet he shuddered

leaned forward, resting both hands on the table. slightly at the next words he'd hear after they'd

"Brethren, I submit that we've failed the teachers gone, when that cheeryvoiced counselor would look presidency, and that they in turn have failed the boys squarely at him and say: "All right, Bishop, what are

we're losing. I suggest that the proper order of the we going to do about it?"0

Era 71 "And what do you want to be with your husband and children. as a mother? Have you learned

when you are grown up?"asked a You could work at making the from experiences, books, and peoTV personality of a small girl. minutes you have with them richer ple, and become wiser and richer

Without hesitation she answered, "I and more joyous. It isn't just giveach day? Or have you just stagwant to be a mommy with lots of ing birth to children that makes a nated? The choice is really your

children."Was that your wish as real mother; it is what she is able own.

a child? And have your dreams to do with and for each child day Are you a getyour-husbandcome true? Surely you are still in and day out, year after year, offto-workand-thechildren-offto

dreaming and setting new goals so until the child reaches maturity. schoolin-a-haphazardway person?

that you might live happily ever Even then this mothering doesn't And then do you go to the teleafter. stop, but in later years it should phone, to the TV, to a "nothing"

I don't mean that now that you be done with a "handsoff, noday? Or do you have goals to

have your family you should think advicegiven-unlessasked-for polwork toward?—such daily goals as,

about getting out of your home to icy."Your maternal instincts can "Today I am going to have a posimove on to what some people call enrich the lives of your grandtive attitude toward life; nothing

"bigger things."I mean you should children if you spend time alone negative is going to be thought or

dream of bigger things in the home. with each one, lifting, understandsaid."Or, "Today I'm going to

You can lift yourself out of the mundane and be a better wife, a better mother, and a better person / before. ever havethan been you fif"

is challenge whereYour and how to begin. The ground you cover in

your life is not always a test of the depth within you. Take time to

examine yourself. Know how much

of you is "gold"and how much is worthless glitter. Be honest with

yourself in this evaluation, and you will see what you have become and have a vision of your possibilities.

One mother, with the means to ing, and reaching him as an do it, picked up her family and individual.

traveled some two hundred miles Look back to your wedding day.

at the beginning of the summer Did you think, "This is life's pinand settled herself and seven chilnacle. I have attained, I have

dren at a university. She had reached my goal, and now I can

decided to study for her master's lean back"? Generally at this time

degree. Last summer was her secless than one third of life has been

ond one spent on this project. lived. Surely the other two thirds

When asked how she managed the children in a strange place, she answered, "The small ones are wonderfully taken care of in the nursery school, and the older ones take classes in French, swimming, dancing, and music."What an enriching time this could be for a

family.

You may not be able to do this even if you have the desire, should not be spent sliding downfind time to listen to some good but there are many things you can hill. music and bring my children under

do to make yourself and your life Glancing back at ten, twenty, its spell."Or, "Today I'm going to

more interesting and worthwhile. forty, or even fifty years of married act like a lady, never deviating.'

You could organize your life in life, what have you become? Are This list could go on and on.

order to find more time to spend you a success as a person, as a wife, Longer goals should also be set,

Jan 72 Illustrated by Ruth Glick

such as, "Today I'll register for a time of day. I don't know anyone

class in art, writing, music, religion, who relishes a rich chocolate or language."Or, "This entire sundae upon arising, but that

year I'll never think of myself first; doesn't preclude a small scoop of

my husband and children shall vanilla ice cream in an eggnog for always be my first consideration."that teenage girl who is always on

Or, "This season I'll give a bigger the run. Many is the time I slipped

part of myself to my church work; two eggs in an eggnog to guarantee

it is important."Or, "From now nourishment for a high school

on I'll work at being the wife my daughter before she left for school, husband can be proud of and I'll She never knew the extra egg was live in such a way that my chilthere, but the energy generated dren will enjoy my company."was rewarding. Meat, soup, cheese,

If these and other goals are set and vegetables can all be included and worked toward, each day will in the breakfast menu. This is the

be good, the looking back on actual breaking of a twelvehour life will be enjoyable, and you will fast, and the body needs replenbe successful in your "career"of ishing.

living. Let us plan interesting, nutritious

: breakfasts for earlyday "getgoing"A New Year's Resolution

Better Breakfasts power.

One area in which every family can improve is in food planning and preparation for the first meal of the day. This early morning

By Florence

B. Pinnock

meal can be a favorite if individual likes and dislikes are considered.

Few people are satisfied day in and day out with a friedegg-andtoast breakfast. There is no law against

using any nourishing food at this

Menus

1. Apple Juice 6. Mugs of Hot Tomato Soup

Savory Poached Eggs on Corn Fritters—Bacon

Wheat Toast* Pears Floating in Orange Juice

Milk 7. Deluxe Pears*

2. Hot Cereal with Brown Sugar Pancakes with Hot Spiced

Bacon Sandwich Applesauce* PineappleGrapefruit Juice Milk Postum

3. Chicken with Rice Soup 8. Spiced Tomato Juice

Easy Scrambled Eggs* Creamed Chip Beef

Blueberry Muffins over Waffles

Milk 9. Teenage Special*

4. Cheese Baked Egg Cups* Pineapple Frappe

Orange Prunes* Milk Cinnamon Toast Milk 10. Omelet with Crumpled Bacon

Herbed Cream Cheese Spread on Toasted Sesame Rolls Looking for a mealtime 5. PoachedFruitEggsCocktailon Deviled Peach MilkShortcake Ham Toast*

drink without stimulants? Milk *Recipes given for starred menu items.

Enjoy Recipes

Savory Poached Eggs Cheese Baked Egg Cups (6 servings) (4 servings)POSTUM

It's 100% caffeinfree. 21 tablespoonscan condensedbuttercream of mushroom 46 slicesslices bacontoast

soup Melted butter y2 cup milk 4 eggs 6 eggs Salt and pepper Salt and pepper to taste Vz cup shredded Cheddar cheese 6 slices buttered whole wheat toast

Partially fry the bacon. Trim the toast

Melt the butter in a heavy skillet. Blend into rounds to fit bottoms of muffin

the soup and milk, add to butter in cups. Brush with melted butter. Line

skillet, and heat to boiling (do not let sides of each muffin cup with \ l/z it scorch). Gently slip eggs, one at a strips bacon. Break eggs, one at a

time, into the sauce. Cook over very time, into custard cup and slip into

low heat until the whites are firm. Place toast ring; season with salt and pepper.

each egg on a slice of toast. Top with Top each egg with 2 tablespoons

the sauce. Serve immediately. cheese. Bake in a 325 F. oven for

about 20 minutes or to the desired

Easy Scrambled Eggs firmness. Remove from pan carefully

(4 servings) with spatula; serve at once.

Prunes Orange 8 eggs (6 servings) cup milkWhat's in it then? Just toasted grains V4

and other purefood ingredients. Vz teaspoon salt

1 dried prunes of pepper pound What's ittaste like? Likenothingelse Dash

2 tablespoons small cinnamon butter 2on your grocer's shelf. Slowroasted Chives 1 orange, thinly slicedsticks

to flavor perfection in brick ovens, V4 cup brown sugar

Postum has a flavor all its milk,Breaksalt,the andeggspepper.into a Beatbowl;thoroughlyadd the Cover the prunes with water. Add the

own. with a fork. Melt the butter in a double cinnamon; cover and simmer 20 minGood at mealtime or boiler over boiling water; add egg mixutes. Add the orange slices and brown

anytime. Or when you turethicken.and stirTurnnowoff andheat.thenKeepuntilstirringeggs sugar;utes longercontinueor untilcookingorangeaboutis tender.8 minFOODS eggs until they are firm. Chill.have friends in. Why not GENERALKITCHENS

find outforyourself soon?

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corp.

[Jan[74 M-m-m is for Mother when you bake like this.

52page You're not cofTeecake, just baking FREE Fleischmann'sFabulous you're baking too. memories Because

Treasury of Yeast Baking.

Fleischmann's Yeast is active, extra 50 great recipes, color photos, active, it makes your bakings extra high, stepby-step illustrations, hints.

extra light, extra good. Of course that great big beautiful cofTeecake I For your free copy, send name Sand address quickly to Box 9,

will vanish in record time. But they'll appreciate. And remember. I Mount Vernon, NY. 10559.

ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS INCORPORATED.

Poached Eggs on beef mixture. Cook until heated

Serve on 5 minutes.

Sprinkle muffins. Deviled Ham Toast through—abouttoasted English

Poach the eggs gently to the desired with paprika.

hot toast Serve on firmness. that Pineapple Frappe deviled ham. with has been spread

(6 servings) Deluxe Pears 1 can pineapple juice (1 pint, ounces) 2 over nectar chilled apricot Spoon pint sherbet orange with a pears. Garnish canned thin thin 11 sliced orange,

lime. or slice of lemon

Chill the pineapple juice well. Blend

Pancakes with Hot Spiced Applein electric blender or mixer with the sauce: To one 15ounce can appleslightly softened orange sherbet. Serve

at once with a twist of orange slice as fresh lemon add sauce l/2 teaspoon of garnish. a dash cinnamon, teaspoon juice, V&

ground cloves, and Vi CU P brown sugar. Heat through and serve over Wakeup Consomme

little pancakes. This makes 2 hot

1 can condensed consomme sauce. of cups

1 soup can tomato

all L.D.S. include styles temple 50 Some Teenage Special 1Heat,can serve,water and enjoy. latest in parchments. and white designs (6 servings) napkins, other albums, Matching Mormon

accessories. One day rush order service. iy2 pounds ground beef

ViY3 cupcup finelyfinely choppedchopped greenonion pepper A Correction shortening tablespoons 2 Era, 1176, page the In December 1 can mushroom soup condensed to sauce for the go ingredients the milk samples, for catalog cup 25c Send & refunded Y2 Holt's cranberry P. over Dorothy salt teaspoon if air mail desired.) first order. (50c on Y2

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 6 large English muffins, split and pudding were incorrectly given.

toasted The correct recipe should read:

Name Paprika Address. Vi pound (1 cube) butter

Cook the onion and green pepper in 1 cup sugar

City, Zone, State - the shortening until tender. Add the 1 cup half and half cream

ground beef and cook until browned. 1 teaspoon vanilla

Pour off all drippings. (This part can Mix together and cook in top part of

be done the night before.) Combine double boiler until slightly thickened.

soup, milk, and salt and add to the Serve hot.

Home,Sweet Home A happy new year is: will be married in June, and I'm

a 3-yearold child able to count going to help him get his to 100. doctor's degree."

GIVE YOUR a 5-yearold child whose kinder- a 24year-old couple looking down crib into a and saying, "He's teacher loves littleFAMILY BETTER garten perfect."he's ours; children.

HEALTH THIS a 6-yearold girl with no front a 45year-old man with an arm teeth. around his new sonin-law.

HOLIDAY an 8-yearold boy whose father a 48year-old grandmother saying,

SEASON baptized him. "This is the most beautiful

a 12year-old who goes to girl's baby in the whole world."

camp for the first time, a 70year-old woman claiming, a 16year-old teenager who has "I'm far too young to have a let next festive your On the occasion family enjoy rolls, cookies, buns, bread, pastries and made his driving license, greatgrandchild."

flour. with to eat, whole wheat better Better and maintaining a 71year-old a man 18year-old boy reading

it's for You'll them. you an because know good that with a life begins letter to the college it. Let farrwly jury. of acceptance be the your judge made and

for details on four models Write Lee Household

Mills so family your can enjoy whole of his choice. greatgrandson. homemade

wheat bakery, rich in B complex vitamins. a 19year-old young man with a an 80year-old grandparent

Offer Special Flour Whole Wheat 5 Lbs. Deaf Flour....$1.50 mission call, surrounded by a family who cares. Smith 5 Lbs. Wisconsin Minnesota Flour 1.00 a 22year-old girl saying, "We—FBP

IE 1-67 LEE ENGINEERING CO.

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, Wis. 53201 Jan 76

Illustrated by Ted Nagata

Pearls & Perils of Home Evening

Love at h s wonderful!

By John J Stewart

University Editor and Professor of Journalism, Utah State University

When your young son and daughter come sit on asked than answered. For instance, "Where will

your knee, snuggle up comfortably, look at you Peppy and Pouncey go when they die?"(They're

expectantly, and say, "Daddy, tell us what it was the dog and cat, and it's important.) Or, one that

like, living in the olden days,"then you know it's I dread to think about, "If it's wrong to shoot birds later than you think. with a BB gun, why isn't it wrong to shoot ducks

But who can resist an invitation like that, with with a shotgun?"

such an appreciative audience? And anyway, it's After the lesson and consideration of any family

part of the fun of family home evening, the only problems comes the entertainment, the first part of program in our house with a higher rating than TV. which is a talent hour, completely unrehearsed—as is

All through the week the children ask, "When are all too obvious, in some cases. But to fond parents,

we going to have home evening?"They are even the numbers by the children are precious. And to

willing to build the fire in the fireplace, bringing in longsuffering children, those by the parents are the coal, logs, and kindling wood. Having a fire in tolerable (although more than once it has been

the fireplace may not really be necessary, but it gives hinted that Dad's part should be shifted ahead to the the parlor the extra touch of coziness that home "family problems"portion of the program).

evening deserves. It's sort of like the evening Rebecca, age 20, plays the piano and also does a

campfire on the plains. creative dance—not at the same time. She does each

Striking the longstemmed match and touching it well. Mary Helen, age 12, plays the piano, too.

to the fire gives our son, Robert Lane, a thrill that Then she and Robbie stage an original skit, sort of only a tenyear-old can fully appreciate. (It's always improvised. They each have a Shetland pony, Mokey

more comforting to the rest of us when he remembers and Apache, and usually impersonate them in a great to open the draft first.) horse fight or rodeo. It's exciting—and dangerous.

With the lighting of the fire we are ready to begin They've received no academy awards yet, but it our program. Usually I ask one of the children to compares well with most of television. They also

offer the opening prayer. What pleasure there is in have some stories to tell or riddles to pose. For inhearing a child pray. At that moment God seems stance. "Why didn't the little boy brush his teeth?"

very close. Dunno. "He didn't want his mother to fall down

After the prayer we sing a hymn together. Forthe stairs."And that throws new light on one family

tunately, my wife and our three children have good problem.

singing voices. Four out of five seems a good My wife usually reads a pioneer incident from the

percentage. family historical record, which reminds us all of our

Then comes the lesson, and everyone participates debt to our forbearers.

in the discussion. As we listen to the children's Then comes my part. Though they all know what

contributions we gain an ever greater appreciation it is going to be, they try to remain cheerful. I play

of the worth of the Sunday School, Primary, and MIA "Red River Valley"on the harmonica, which unforin their lives. WTe are impressed with their undertunately has one side missing. I have thought of

standing, their willingness to participate, and the replacing it, but then what would I use as an excuse?

challenging questions they raise—questions more easily Sometimes they applaud when I'm finished. Once

Era 77

I mistook this for an encore request and tried a second number. But

just then the phone rang, and they all rushed from the room to answer it. Even when I'm doing "Red

River Valley,"it seems that the fire always needs stirring or the dog wants out. One night Robbie

patted me on the cheek comfortingly and said, "That's all right,

Dad; you'll do better next week."

Love at home. It's wonderful.

Next come the games. My

favorite is drop the clothespin in the bottle. You don't have to move

and you don't have to think. Sometimes we go down to the recreation room and play dodge ball or

foursquare. However, the latter

is a little crowded and awkward with five of us. But mostly we

have a treasure hunt, which either

Robbie or Mary Helen has laid out ahead of time. Usually it's

confined to the house and yard. But

one time it took us down over the

THE BEST IN WORLD WIDE NEWS COVERAGE hill to the horse pasture and up into the hayloft, which is as far as I got.

BLACK & WHITE A After the games come the refreshments, and by then they're really needed. Fortunately, the LIVI9 8 exposure roll

are of high refreshments always DEVELOPED & PRINTED see daughters and quality. My wife SIZE IN JUMBO

12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00 to that. There are few things

36 exposures $1.50 better than a good homemade

COLOR FILM bananabler to buildcream familypie orharmonycherry coband

DEVELOPING unity.

last delicious so the with And KODACOLOR

Roll 8-Exposure per bite, evening our family home

Dev. Printing and roll $2.55

to close, it's time a and comes Roll 1 2-Exposure per

Printing $3.00 Dev. and ro || to retire to bed. But, there are still LD FILMS Color now Reprints 20<teach

are available for rental from embers glowing in the fireplace, libraries located in: finds his SLIDES another, one, then COLOR and

Slides Color 135 mm per LAKE CITYSALT exp., parlor. into Dev. the 20 back and Mount roll way...$1.35LETHBRIDGE

are fortunate in having, fromLOS ANGELES 361 35exp.,mm Dev.ColorandSlidesMount... $2.40 perroll We

Color a Movie superb our view parlor window, per PROVO roll mm, 25'Roll $1.35 Valley, of beautiful, pastoral Cache MESA 8

IDAHO CITY FALLS GENEALOGY PHOTOS withville themountainslofty, snowcoveredstanding guardWellsin NEW YORK NEGATIVES MADE of OLD

Write for free brochure. PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS the distance, and of the Logan

Deseret Book Co., Film Dept. of NEGATIVE, 54 each Temple, keeping a watch over the

East South44 Temple Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s city nearby. At night this majesSalt City, Lake Utah 84110

MoneyBack Guarantee tic, brilliantly illuminated temple

Educational Media Services Brigham Young University SAM'S PHOTO LABProvo, Utah 84601 P.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah Jan 78

stands, it seems, in midair, like a giant celestial gem, its light fusing with that of the stars in the heavens above it.

We gaze in awe and wonder at the starry heavens above, at the myriad constellations, countless worlds in orbit, a constantly expanding, neverending universe, with innumerable galaxies and solar systems of stars and planets, all in motion, in the most exact and perfect order, in an eternal, celestial pattern, all carefully governed by the power of the Holy Priesthood of God.

We marvel at God's infinite creative powers and at his goodness, that he would share this great glory with us, let us look upon his vast creations, and in humility feel a oneness with him. "For behold,

this is my work and my glory—to

bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man."We more Happy Homemakers

fully appreciate the importance of asfamily evening home we realize Secret.. the

in great Knowthat the God's purpose like most good home, A happy creative powers and the splendor things, doesn't "just happen."

of his universe center right here in Your wisdom and ingenuity the home and family. makebudgetingthe anddifference.child developFor

And we think that perhaps, ment techniques... Let

somewhere out there on a planet B.Y.U. Home Study help

of celestial glory, God himself is Livingyou by350x.enrolling in Home

calling loved ones together for a Send today... for your free

family home evening. O catalog listing over 300 courses!

HOME STUDY, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

l I Please send your Home Study Catalog to:

NAME ADDRESS CITY STATE Roots ZIP CODE By Alice Briley J

If I were wise As a winter tree, I would never doubt That spring would be. Pero Earn While

A kinder sun, THE NEW Showing A sky more blue NON CAFFEINE Gay Lee Exquisite

Would only prove HOT DRINK Lingerie of Modesty

Just knew. boiling add I always water. What

Adults children and ache might love Youin yourcan stake,be a consultantand have My arms flavor. PERO's delicious

With the pain of snow, Economical, too. an exciting career in the

But I would be rooted Distributed by growing field of fashion.

write: Call or

Inc. Imports In spring below. World Temple West South 2511

South 2520 7th West City, 4862359 Salt Lake Utah City, Salt Lake Utah

Dealers'inquiries invited Era 79 End of an Era

We could progress a great Knowledge is a process of piling The roads are very dirty, my deal faster, and could prosper up facts; wisdom lies in their boots are very thin,

I have a little pocket to put aa thousand times more than simplification.—Martin H. Fischer

we do if we would be one penny in.

in carrying out the counsels God send you happy, God send given us by the Lord through "Can you tell me ivhy the you happy, hand of the Statue of Liberty God send you a happy NewYear!his servants.—President

inches long?"just elevenJohn Taylor is—Old English carol they had made "Certainly. If

it an inch longer it would A warm January; a cold May.

Primary teacher: "Now, Johnny, have been a foot."—-Welsh proverb

what do you think a land flowing with milk and honey would be like?"Johnny: "Sticky!"

As the mother of eight lively young children, I get few opportunities to go out in the evening. One Thursday

night as I was dressing, my sixyear-old son asked,

We need mercy; then let us "Where's Mom going tonight?""To Relief Society,"

be merciful. We need charity; answered his older sister. "What's Relief Society?"

let us be charitable. We piped up a four year old. With all the wisdom of

need forgiveness; let us forgive. his years, the six year old replied, "I don't know, but

Let us do unto others what it is a relief for Mom to go to it!"

we would that they should Submitted by: Kathleen O'Rourke, 361 Congress Street, Troy, N.Y.

do unto us. Let us welcome the

new year and dedicate to Aforyoungher oldermotherboyheldto beherdismissed.small son asFinallyshe waitedthe dooroutsideopened,a Primaryand theclassroomolder boy

it our best efforts, our loyal came out. Stuck in the middle of his forehead was a bright star, put

service, our love and fellowship, therenoticingby thethe teacherstar, beganin recognitioncrying for ofonehisalso.reverence.This resourcefulThe smallermotherchild, calmly

and our supplication for and deftly opened her purse, found a trading stamp, licked it, and placed the welfare and happiness of it on the little boy's brow. The family left the church, all smiles.

Submitted by: E. J. Lewis, 4303 Collister, Boise, Idahoall mankind.—President

Joseph F. Smith

Burden By Virginia Maughan Kammeyer

Little child in church attire, You will never more be privileged

Victim of unwelcome fame. Like the other juveniles;

Life has handed you a problem; Little ones in your position

Things will never be the same. Do not clatter down the aisles.

Little whispers you must silence, Every eye will be upon you

Little fingers you must fold; When you sing and when you pray,

Stop your wiggles, For your father was made bishop

Stifle giggles; Just a week ago today.

You've a duty to uphold.

Next month: Justice

i-g-vrl

Jan 80 DEPARTMENT OF TRAVEL STUDY BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

announces

T

\y\ou do not have to be a student to

discover the wonders of the world

with B.VU. on one of these exciting

tours-.

1. POPLS AND ARTS TOUR OF EUROPE

2. GENEALOGY TOUR TO BRITAIN

3. STUDENT EUROPEAN TOUR

4. MEXICO AND CENTRAL AMERICA TOUR

5. BIBLE LANDS TOUR

6. CHURCH HISTORVHILL CUMORAH

PAGEANT TOUR 7. ROUND THE WORLD TOUR

8. HAWAIIAN SOCIOCULTURAL TOUR

9. SOUTH PACIFIC TOUR

10. SPRING TOUR OF EUROPE

clip and mail this coupon TODAY...

Bfugham Young UyiiveAAity Ve.paAtme.nt ofa Tnavel Study

101 HRCB Vftovo, Utah 84601

Ge,nttemzn:

VleaMZ i>evid me. fiuAtkeA tnfioxmatA.on about the. touhA I have. CAjicZzd

1 1 3 4 5 6 7 S 9 10

Name

Addn.ej>6

CtXy Stake. 2tp

s

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

... It's Beneficial'NEW

Lifetime Security

A unique "oncein-a-lifetime"plan that provides these benefits:

Protection adjusts to changing needs health or occupation.

throughout lifetime of policyowner, with additional coverage at peak need periods Paid up for life at age 65, with no when family is growing. additional cost.

Premium stays at same low level "Lifetime Security"can be extended to throughout life of the policy. become an allin-one family policy at

small extra cost.

Protection increases without regard to

Here's how it works:

$50,000 $50,000

ILLUSTRATION OF

A 5-UNIT POLICY:

$30,000

$7,500

$5,000 FOR FURTHER PREMIUM Age Age Age Age PAYMENTS 50 55 60 65

For details, consult your Beneficial Life Man.

He'll meet you any time, any place. BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah