No jam tastes like the kind you make yourself!

Easy! Thrifty! No failures—and only oneminute boil with Certo or SureJell!

SureJell and Certo are Recipe: perfect homemade Stir in 5 cups sugar at once. Remove from heat; then albrands of pectin... the fruit peach jam. Peel, pit and crush 3 Bring to fullrolling boil. Boil ternately stir and skim off foam

substance that causes jelling. The lbs. fully ripe peaches. Mix 4 cups hard for 1 minute only, stirring for 5 minutes. Ladle into glasses.

pectin in fruits varies—so Sureprepared fruit in very large sauceconstantly. A short boil time Paraffin at once. Yield: 9 mediJell or Certo takes the guesswork pan with 1 box SureJell. (Or use means less juice boils away—so um glasses, for mere pennies a

out of jam and jelly making. liquid Certo—recipe on bottle.) you get up to 50% higher yield, glass! And you're sure of perfect

Recipes with package and bottle. Stir over high heat until mixture and the flavor comes through results with either powdered

Products of General Foods. comes to hard boil. fresher—with SureJell ox Certo! SureJell or liquid Certo!

SWEET

JUGS

or by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Birds Learning to Sing! MARMALADE

It has long been known ( since the 18th century) that some birds learn at least part of their songs. W. H. PURITY HAS PUT IT IN COOKIES FOR YOU

Thorpe in a recent study of theEuropean chaffinch has found that Here is something really new—Orange Marmalade

if these birds are reared away from Cookies by Purity. Pure, rich, flavory orange marmalade is

other chaffinches that the entire blended right in the batter along with lots of fresh eggs and other wonderful things. Result—superquality, superdelicious cookies like nothing

you've ever tasted before. They take you

right back to Grandma's sweetsmelling kitchen!

(The easiest way is to pick up a bag or two at your favorite grocer's—a full pound for

song still takes about 2.3 seconds only 494).

and is elaborated from a crescendo with a single high note but in other respects the song is quite abnormal.

If two young birds are reared together, they develop the same abnormal song showing the learning takes place in social context with imitation.

Porpoise Radar

Careful experiments by Dr. W. N.

Kellogg at the marine laboratories of Florida State University have now shown that the porpoise uses echoranging for study of submerged objects and avoidance of obstacles and distinguishing between different sizes of fish. Seeing was eliminated

by using turbid water.

ORANGEFiremen's Helmets

first Firemen's helmets which were MARMALADE cookies cenin the seventeenthintroduced tury were made of leather. PURITY

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatelfo

JULY 1959 505 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Contents for July 1959 Volume 62. Number 7

Church Features

The Editor's Page: Some Thoughts on Freedom, President David O. McKay.518

Your Question: Knowledge of the PreExistence, President Joseph Fielding

Smith 520 Just Another Book? - Part III, The Grab Bag, Hugh Nibley 530 Quorums,Official organMutualof theImprovementPriesthood

Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

other agencies and Church The Committee, Department of Education, of the Moves On, 512; Melchizedek Priesthood: What to do in Leadership Meeting, 534;

Jesus Christ Church of of Presiding The Bishopric's Page, 538. Saints. Latterday

Special Features

Preparing Youth for Missions, Dale T. Tingey 522

Leadership Development: Booby Traps, Sterling W. Sill...526

May through December, Harold H. Jenson 529

Denmark Celebrates the American Independence Day, Orson B. West 536

President Henry Dinwoodey Moyle—Some Personal Impressions—

Richard L. Evans, Albert L. Zobell, Jr 540

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 546, 556, 564

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 505; These Times, American Labor and the

Political Parties, G. Homer Durham, 508; Letters and Reports, 510.

Ed Maryon, 505, 558, 562, 563, 568

H. Armstrong Roberts, 508, 539, 540

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock SiegfriedMax Tharpe,Widmar,522 524

Ralph Reynolds, 525 Little Fishes in the Brook:'..: 558 DaleDave Kilbourn,Burton, 530,526, 532527

Tuna Treats 562 Deseret News, 539, 541

Fish Facts L,. 563

The Last Word 568

Stories, Poetry Doughnuts & Feathers, Nono Minor 525

Poetry - -.528, 547, 548

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

David O. and Richard McKay Editor; Green, L. Doyle Managing C. Associate Josephson, Mabba EditorManaging Elizabeth

Editor; Production L. Albert ResearchEditors; Zobell,L. Evans, Editor; Jr., Editorial G. Kinnear, Associate; John Florence B. Pinnock, Editor Todays Family RalphI ReynoldsMoffitt fullcolor Cover—This Art and Directors. Maryon, Ed

portrait of President study F. Bennett, Archibald G. S. Harris, Franklln Homer Durham, Jr., Milton R. Hunter, Nibley, Huch Sidney B. Sperby, Contributing Editors. called Moyle, D. newly Henry T. Joseph General Bentley, Manager; Bertha Associate S. Reeder, General Manager; Business Scott, Verl F. Manager; Snarr, A. Glen Subscription Director-'First Thayer Evans, Advertising Regional in the Counselor Second Representative.

Presidency of the Church of Saints Christ of Latterday Jesus Copyright Inc., by 1959 Funds, and Mutual published the by Associations Mutual Improvement the of Church of Christ Jesus Latterday Saints All rights

reserved. of the Subscription photographic price, year, work in $2.50 a advance; foreign subscriptions, a year, $3.00 in advance;of single 25c issues. except for copy, special

at Entered the Photographers, Portrait Post isBachrach Office Salt City, Lake Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of in for provided section 1103. Act of postageI 1917, October authorized 2, 1918. July St., East City. 45 York 50 New

The Improvement for Era responsible not unsolicited manuscripts ff but contributions. also welcomes. (See for Manuscripts are page 450 at paid acceptance on the rate of l%c word must a and be sufficient accompaniedis by for postage delivery return. and

days'Thirty notice changes cannot be madeis requiredunless forthe changeold addressof address.as well asWhenthe neworderingone isa included.change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address COVERBY DESERETLITHOGRAPHEDNEWS PRESSIN FULL. COLOR

506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MAN, HIS ORIGIN

AND DESTINY

Joseph Fielding Smith

President Smith states the premise that an understanding of spiritual laws W'f'.

and purposes removes the Jcstom socalled conflict between science and religion in one's search for truth. In

supporting this view, he discusses such theories as Organic Evolution in light of various scriptural writfit! ings. A timely, thoughtprovoking book. $4.00

THE KINGDOM OF

SCRIPTURIZERS Compiled by Hugh Pinnock GOD RESTORED

New aids for learning J0$.M Carter* E. Grant scriptures faster, easier. y-i New information concerning

the establishment of the Set A—(Scripture MemoriChurch in the early days

zation Cards) 300 cards makes this book an invaluwith all necessary scripable contribution to LDS histures for preaching the tory. It reads with all the

gospel. $2.95 fascination of a novel, relatSet B—500 cards, including ing the sacrifices of the

those in Set A, for use in pioneers from early days in scripture memorization, Pennsylvania down to the lesson and speech preppresent administration of aration. $4.95 President David O. McKay.

$4.00

Buy from your local Church Book dealer or direct from DESERET BOOK TALK TOPICS Jennie Brown Rawlins DeseretRBooh Co

This is just the right kind -$.Ea *'Soulh TemP'e Salt Lake City, Utah ---*

of book for that little story Deseret Book Company needed to clinch the* talk 44SaltEastLakeSouthCity,TempleUtah or lesson or home eveGentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check

ning. This little volume ( ) money order ( ) I have an account. Please

will also prove a good charge for encircled (numbered) books:

one for bedtime reading. 3 4 Topics are arranged al12

phabetically. $1.75 Name....

Address

City Zone State..

I JULY 1959 507 These Times a few steps American Labor from the TEMPLE GROUNDS...

and the American Political Parties

... and your car is by Dr. G. Homer Durham

parked but a few Vice President, University of Utah steps from your room.

Is the American labor movement sional victories elsewhere in the

Every comfort and to be unipartisan, bipartisan, or noncountry, and to such northern cities convenience partisan in the next few decades? as Raltimore, Roston, and New York.

The nature of the twoparty system Philadelphia and Chicago, in the in America hinges on the answer. successful Republican coalition 1860Free radio and television The United States of America, 1932, remained Republican strongpolitically speaking, was controlled holds through this period. Another

Reasonable rates by agricultural and commercial inkey factor seen to be significant toterests until the election of 1860. day, was support received by ReInviting swimming pool Since that time it has been domipublicans from the Negro vote of

(during summer season) nated by two consecutive political the North. This vote grew in

coalitions. The first was the great prominence as the period came to a

Familystyle alliance between (1) free American close.

''Cross roads''restaurant labor,cluding (2)manufacturingAmerican industryand com-(inagriculture,If, today inandthethebig northerncities, labor,Nemerce), and (3) northern and groes tend to vote Democratic, the

Next time you drive to Salt western agriculture. This combinaRepublican party is pretty well conLake, be sure to plan the tion formed with the election of fined to a minority position. The

extra pleasure of staying at Abraham Lincoln. The successful Democrats learned this, from 1860

the effort of the Republican party was to 1932. The second coalition is the

to win support from these groups. fruit of that lesson.

This Republican coalition dominated A fundamental shift followed the the American political scene until election of 1932. Policies came into

the election of 1932. being under Franklin D. Roosevelt

The Democratic party elected only which may dominate the remaining two men to the presidency in these years of the twentieth century.

years—Grover Cleveland and WoodThe cornerstone of the New Deal

row Wilson. Mr. Wilson's victory appears to have been the National

was due to a split in the Republican Labor Relations Act of 1935. This

party. The election of 1912 saw a measure, popularly called "the Wagthree-way race between Wilson and ner Act,"made collective bargaining

two Republican leaders, William H. the legal procedure for fixing wages,

to a HOTEL UTAH Taft and Theodore Roosevelt. Exthe conditions of work, and

cept for Wilson and Cleveland, the large extent the nature of the Ameriinto being It brought on page MOTOR LODGE Democraticthe solid South,partyto Congress,was confinedto occato acan"laboreconomy.( Continued 514

Max Carpenter, Mgr.

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fastest, easiest way to plan any driving trip

Brandnew, Better Conoco Touraide

America's only instant, complete travel service

New Conoco Touraide is the only complete travel service you can get right away... and use for trip after trip! Wherever you drive in the 49 states,

Canada and Mexico, your new Touraide contains everything you'll needGet your copy today from your friendly Conoco Dealer!

Immediately available where you see this sign...

1959, Continental Oil Company Continental Oil Company

JULY 1959 509 Letters and Reports

rank of Eagle prior to the holding of the troop Court of Honor, December 29, 1958.

Six of the twelve boys advanced were only thirteen years of age at the time of advancement. The percentage of Eagle

Scouts advanced in Troop 101 is a record in the OreIda Council.

Scout Candidates, left to right, are:

Harmon J. Hurren, 13; James R. Palmer,

14; John K. Poppleton, 15; Dean Leavitt,

18; Jerry R. Rhodes, 15; Fred D. Young,

18; Russell E. Bice, 13; Mike J. Madison,

13; Ramon Yorgason, 14; John L. Hales,

14; Mike L. Taylor, 14; and Duane J.

Johnson, 14. The four boys on the extreme right are the Eagle Scouts who

were advanced prior to December 1958.

SERVICEMEN ATTEND ( Third row ) Privates Derrahl V. Holmes,

LOS ANGELES TEMPLE Edward N. Fuller, George Ed Frazier,

Richard M. Schelin, Richard N. Kimball,

Fort Ord, Calif. Paul B. Holt, Rulon G. Peck, Roger M.

Sixtyfive members of the United States Facer and Wendell A. Eves. Dear Editors:

Army's Fort Ord Training Center, Infantry, (Fourth row) Privates Maurice K. Burn- I have wanted to write for a long time

were on hand for the March 7, 1959, ham, Kenneth A. Roberts, Earl B. Nye, and tell you how grateful I am for the

Monterey Bay Stake temple excursion to Charles K. Gurr, Dale L. Carlsen, James Era and the staff that produce it. I just

Los Angeles, Calif. Under direction of R. Applonie, Robert Almond, Gary Backus, returned from my mission in southern

Fort Ord's LDS group presidency, consistand Sergeant Bruce Kjar. California a few months ago. Perhaps

Lt.ing of President; 2nd H. Bean, inJames observations of of some be may my ) Privates ( Fifth L. Jorgensen, row Don 1st Earl Cutler, counselor;Pfc Arlan Pfc terest to you. F. Vaterlaus, Rodney Elden Lauritzen, Butikofer, counselor; Sp4J. 2nd and Ted president, mission our he While was SieSmart, L. Fox, D. Gene ReedBills, Secretary, of group the members the encouraged Taylor D. Henry are Robertverts, K. Jespersen, Richard Gary D. Elder and to a tourallowed attend once month. a to missionaries in the place the Era homes Lauritzen.

left), Attending (kneeling from were into of the everyone Church come saw we

Perry, Privates (Sixth row) Dale Lynn Cutler, Lt.Pfc Earl Bean, H. 2nd James in to us the the place Era urged and

Wride, L. Ferguson, Steven John W.Privates A. Stevenson, S. FerGarth John not subscribe of did homes members who

L. Stapley, Binns, Eugene C. DevenJohnrin, Turley, Jr., G. H. Arthur Anthon profit or a otherwise might from who

port, Bonella, Vernon M. Raymond W.Willardsen, Astin, F. Rosslyn Delbert H. mission subscription. During commy my Webster, Knudsen, and David M. Arnold P.Bidstrup, Neil F. Done, Ronald and of I copies of scores panions placed and

B. Johnson.Nelson. issue) as the the (such Era 1957 November

(Second row) Privates Jay F. Goold, Not shown are Walter Gibbs, John and sold subscriptions to (at least) a

Larry E. Field, Douglas Johnson, Oscar Broadbent, Louie Wright, Vern Handy, score of the Lord's converts. Each family

Gene Williams, Lynn R. Greenwood, Don Von Richardson, Lyle D. Jenkins, Henry not only found spiritual food in the Era

L. Miller, Gerald D. Fisher, Gary F. FarnsWhittaker, Dean Holt, Gordon Quigley, but it also gave them an additional aid

worth, and Donald L. Wright. and Thomas Wolsey. to integration into the Church. Talking

with some of them as much as a year later (just before my return), I find them still thrilled with the Era, and like me, eager for each new issue to come.

I am fully confident that the Era played a big part in our success in teaching certain families, and sure that the Era is ( and will continue to be ) a contributing factor in the growth of scores of people we watched come into the Church of Jesus

Christ. I know of one inactive family we

met tracting and sold the Era to, who went to Church that Sunday and are now active.

My family has loved the Era since before I was born. I look forward each

Boy Scout Troop 101, Second Ward, twelve Scouts were advanced to the rank month with eager anticipation to its arrival

Nampa ( Idaho ) Stake, on October 30, of Eagle. at our home.

1957 registered 26 Boy Scouts—including Pictured above are eight Eagle candiGod bless you in this glorious work.

five Guide Scouts. By December 2, 1958 dates and four boys who already held the Elder William M. Timmins, Jr.

510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HOME CANNERS! GET THE

LIDS THAT WON'T RUST

...for perfect protection, always use

BALL DOME LIDS with CREAM -WHITE ENAMEL LINING

..won't rust or corrode!

When you buy new canning jars, remember:

Only BALL Jars come equipped with Ball Dome Lids!

JULY 1959 511 YOUR SALT LAKE OPTICAL HEADQUARTERS

EYEGLASSES The Church CONTACT LENSES

ARTIFICIAL EYES HEARING AIDS Moves On 3 LOCATIONS...

The April 1959

Whittier Stake, 280th now functioning in the Church, was portions formed from (California) Angeles of East Los Stake. OPTICAL SHOP Collings sustained as stake president Elder John with Elders

420 Boston Bldg. Norman L. Jacobson and Al Dean Washburn as his counselors.

The four Whittier wards, with a membership of approximately 368 East First South 3900, make up the stake. There were no changes in the East Los

1062 East 2100 South Angeles Stake presidency where President Fauntleroy Hunsaker

EM 3-5262 presides. His counselors are Elders Stanley C. Kimball, Sr., and

Sr. Joseph T. Edmunds, East Los Angeles Stake now comprises Salt Lake City, Utah seven wards: Belvedere, Alhambra, Eastmont, Montebello, Monterey Park, Rosemead, and South San Gabriel. The stake membership

is approximately 4500. Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the Council

of the Twelve and Elder Gordon B. Hinckley, Assistant to the

Council of the Twelve made these changes.

DAVE May 1959 WELLING West Covina Stake organized from portions of Covina (Calipresents M mm fornia) Stake with Elder Mark W. Smith, former second

counselor in the Covina Stake, sustained as president of

West Covina Stake. His counselors are Elders James C. Brown and

TOURS OF SPECIAL Richard W. Miner. The new stake, with a membership of approxiINTEREST TO ALL Cb> mately 4500, consists of West Covina, El Monte, El Monte Second,, El North Puente, Monte, Second, La La Puente Park, and Baldwin4 SAINTS LATTERDAY wards. first Elder L. Crawley, former Emerson Presi-* counselor to

HILL PAGEANT CUMORAH of L. dent Elden Stake, the Ord Covina as stake succeeded him

trie first rail Falls, toVia Niagara clan president. President Crawley's counselors are Elders (Jack) John City, Chicago. York andPageant, New

Depart August 5. H. West and David DeVar Felshaw. Covina Stake, now with a

Escorted by Mrs. Gladys Wright membership of approximately 4200, consists of Azusa, Covina,

BOOK OF MORMON TOUR Covina Second, Baldwin Park Second, Glendora, and Glendora to the ancient ruins of Mexico, Yucatan, and Second wards. These changes were made under the direction of

Guatemala. Depart October 1. Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the Council of the Twelve, and Elder

Escorted by Dave Welling Sterling W. Sill, Assistant to the Twelve.

Torrance Stake organized from portions of Redondo (CaliHAWAII FOR ALOHA WEEK fornia) Stake with Elder Roland Earl Gagon as president. His

Via United Air Line! and Manor, Steamship. counselors are Elders Vernon C. Monson and Donald G. Weir.

Depart October 18. With a membership of approximately 4100, Torrance Stake has

Escorted by Mrs. Athleen Fishburn Torrance, Redondo, Palos Verdes, Lomita, Wilmington, and San

Pedro wards. President L. Lloyd Restwich remains as president

CHRISTMA5 IN THE HOLY LAND of Redondo Stake. His new counselors are Elders Reldon G.

via Christianity of birthplace the To AmeriPinncy and George E. Magnussen. They succeed Elders Alfred O.

I. Lines. Depart Export December can

Escorted by Dave Welling Pardee and Dwaine A. Jacobsen. Wards in Redondo Stake are

now Gardena, Hawthorne, Lawndale, Manhatten Beach, Redondo

Second, and Torrance Second. The stake now has a membership DAVE TRAVELWELLINGSERVICE

HOTEL BEN LOMOND, OGDEN, UTAH EXport 4-2667

512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of approximately 4900. These changes were made under the

direction of Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the Twelve

and Elder William J. Critchlow, Jr., Assistant to the Council of the

Twelve. West Covina is stake number 281; Torrance is number

Elder George A. Wimmer, former first counselor to President

Raymond J. Pace, sustained as president of Farr West (Utah)

Stake. His counselors are Elders Theo L. Thomson as first counselor, and Elder Lloyd N. Anderson as second counselor. Elder

Anderson served also in that position to President Pace.

Elder Wilford E. Edam sustained as second counselor in

Valley View (Salt Lake County) Stake, succeeding Elder J. Samuel

Oliver. President LaMont B. Gundersen is president of this stake.

Elder Rex C. Reeve is first counselor.

President David O. McKay announced the appointment of

Elder A. Bent Peterson, recorder of the Los Angeles Temple,

as the new president of the Manti (Utah) Temple. President

Peterson succeeds President Lewis R. Anderson who has presided

over the temple for sixteen years. President Peterson formerly WATER

as prior served presidency second counselor in the Manti Temple HEATER his to at the as recorder appointment 1955 Los in December

Angeles Temple.

It of that Religion an Institute was announced would be in LIVE BETTER this fall for operation attendstudents their friends and LDS ing the University of Washington at Seattle. ELECTRICALLY

with FULL Elder Henry J. DeHaan, formerly second counselor to President Scott B. Price of East Ogden (Utah) Stake, succeeds HOUSEPOWER

Elder George T. Frost as first counselor. Elder A. Walter UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

Stevenson sustained as second counselor in this stake presidency.

Elder Stevenson was released a year ago as first assistant general superintendent of the YMMIA.

Elder Stanley G. Smith succeeds Elder Darwin J. Isom as

second counselor in the Canyon Rim (Salt Lake County) Stake presidency. The stake president is Elder Verl F. Scott; Elder John Scoria LollecLlond

J. Nielsen is the first counselor.

Appropriate Mother's Day services were held in the wards jror Cverw C/<ccadion and branches of the Church. f

FAMOUS SONGS THE WORLD This was the 130th anniversary of the restoration of the OVER 1.75

2.00 SACRED SONGS Aaronic Priesthood. Special programs were to be held this 52

1.50 56 LIKE TO SING YOU SONGS week end. 1.95 IN IRELAND SONG

SCOTLAND IN SONG 1.95

It was announced that Mrs. William H. (Fanny Steenblik) SONGS EVERYBODY SINGSKienitz had been appointed to the general board of the Bond 2.00

Relief Society. At the time of her appointment she was WEDDINGSONGS OF BOUQUETTHE GAY OF90'SSONGS 1.95

serving as president of the Relief Society in the University (Salt HIGH OR LOW ea. 2.00

Lake City) Stake. WORLD'S BEST FOLK SONGS

AND BALLADS 1.95

WORLD'S BEST SACRED SONGS 1.95

Indianapolis (Indiana) Stake, 283rd now functioning, formed WORLD'S BESt WEDDING from the Central Indiana District of the Great Lakes Mission. SONGS 1.95

Elder Philip Funk Low was sustained as president with WORLD FAMOUS SONGS 1.50

Elders Marion E. Lowder, Jr., and Roland Hodgson as his counMUSIC SENT ON APPROVAL

selors. Stake membership is approximately 2400, found in seven Use this advertisement as your order blank

E. 1st South wards and three branches. Wards include two at Indianapolis, SaltDAYNESLake MUSICCity 11,CO.,Utah15

and one each at Bloomington, Columbus, Muncie, Lafayette Please send the music indicated above.

(Purdue Ward), and Richmond. Branches are Kokomo, Anderson, On Approval Charge

and Connersville. Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the Council of Money Enclosed

Name Assistant to Critchlow, the the Jr., Elder William and Twelve J.

'. Address this stake organization. effected of the Twelve, Council

City & State as of sustained president Charles Butte Elder Hanna W.

(Montana) Stake, succeeding President Edgar T. Henderson. President Hanna's counselors are Elder Melvin C. Petersen who served

with President Henderson, and Elder Earle C. Wright. Elder 'allies USIC

15 E. 1st So.

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PRQV0 Salt Lake City 11, Utah

JULY 1959 513 NEW John D. Ford was released as second

Religious Truths Defined counselor.

Elder Fredrick B. sustained Baugh by Joseph Fielding Smith, Jr. Keutfious as second in counselor Logan ( Utah

Stake presidency succeeding Elder \ TRUTHS J. Allen Meikle. President Lloyd R.

Here is an authoritative volume Hunsaker heads this stake. His first

which clearly shows the viewpoints counselor is Ernest G. Earl.

of many religious faiths, comparing them with Biblical teachings President Stephen L Richards and revealed doctrine. Covers of the First Presidency was

dozens of vital doctrinal points: pronounced dead of a. heart

Godhead, preexistence, fall and ailment at 7:55 a.m., about twentyatonement, apostasy, baptism, etc. five minutes after he had entered

the Salt Lake City LDS Hospital.

$3.95 He had become ill about 5 a.m. He

had spent yesterday at his office; last

night he attended a family gathering. He was seventynine.

NEW Funeral services in the Salt

The Set of the Sail Lake Tabernacle were conducted for President Stephen by Emma Marr Petersen L Richards of the First Presidency.

The speakers were President David

O. McKay (who conducted the

Here from the pen of a master services), President J. Reuben Clark,

storyteller is an exciting novel of Jr., President Joseph Fielding Smith,

romance and intrigue centered and Elder Gordon B. Hinckley.

around a boy and his sister traveling with the wrong crowd. It was announced that Mrs.

Contains a clear explanation of Myre N. Nielsen, Mrs. Delia

Church doctrine and teaches a D. Provost, and Miss Marion

strong moral. E. Astin, all of Salt Lake City, had

$2.25 ofbeentheappointedPrimary Association.to the general board

NEW These Times Genealogical Research in England and Wales-v.i. II Professor(Continued)Sumner istic"Slichtereconomy,has calledas

by David Smith and Frank Gardner it. It also placed organized labor in

the debt of the Democratic party.

The Wagner Act, however, was The second volume of this popular by no means the only major policy book contains a wealth of interwhich characterized the New Deal esting and informative material coalition. American agriculture was

not included in Vol. I. Contains also weaned away from the Republi110 pages of maps of counties in can party by the Democrats'policies.

England and Wales, dozens of Agriculture's problems were not illustrations, shortcuts, and timesolved by the Republicans in the savers. nineteentwenties. A variety of

$3.95 firstfarm Agriculturalprograms, beginningAdjustmentwith Actthe

(AAA) of 1933, responded to a fifteenyear-old farm crisis.

The growing Negro population in northern cities was also wooed away from "Lincolnian"memory. The

Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, with its floor on wages and ceiling on the hours of work; the F.H.A.;

the control of the securities market under the S.E.C the Social Se514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

He's got r.jgasissBSto

what it takes to make your car run swell!

Are your tires safe for hot weather driving? Don't risk spoiling your vacation with flats or blowouts. Your

Phillips 66 Dealer is ready to supply you with new and dependable Phillips 66 ActionTread Tires, backed by a written guarantee.

He'll also give you a written guarantee on a new Phillips 66 TropArtic* Battery for quick, sure starts and more economical operation.

You'll be smart to depend on a crankcasefull of fresh TropArtic AllSeason Motor Oil. It, too, carries

a guarantee—and your Phillips 66 Dealer will gladly

explain it to you.

For all the fine Phillips 66 products you need to make your car "run swell"this summer—stop at your Phillips

66 Station. At Phillips 66 Stations, "It's a pleasure to

please you!"Drive in where you see the Phillips 66 Shield.

*A trademark

Jf Periottnzhce 1faft counts!

JULY 1959 515 curity Act of 1935, ( which faced the facts of modern industrial employment, the insecurity of old age, and the need to provide some other means than the rocking chair on diminishing farm porches for America's aging nonfarm, industrial rpopulation);—all these measures tended

to identify the vital interests of the majority of Americans with the new

Democratic coalition after 1933.

People in the United States, like people everywhere, vote according to what they consider to be their vital interests. The largest, organized identifiable "special interest"

in the United States today would appear to be labor. With approximately 20 million members in American unions, this single group, with

their wives and children, embraces 50 or 60 million Americans. The

loyalties of American labor were freely given to the Republican party after 1860. The Republicans were

opposed to slavery and in favor of free labor. Into the first decades of

the twentieth century this feeling continued. But it seems to be the

feeling of organized labor today that

Democrats have more sympathy for their "vital interests"than the ReCoach Engineer Executive publican party. The Roosevelt

coalition appears to have prevailed

Nurse Scientist Teacher tionsonce moreof 1958.in the congressional elecNo matter how much can be said

Graduates of Brigham about the appeal to the middle professional the classes, to suburban the to dwindling farm vote, Wkcil 15 UOUt* aoulI?C Young University worker,

are in demand over the nation because of their superior training the major fact appears that the Republican party needs to convince not only in their academic fields but also in preparation for life. members of organized labor that

An outstanding faculty and finest college equipment in more than Republican leadership and party members are vitally interested in 60 departments prepare students for tomorrow's leadership in hunthem. Otherwise the Republican

dreds of important vocations and professions. Get your education party is in for rough times ahead.

The West's farmers are decreasing.

the Y's way. Attend the Church university. They were the measure of victory

in 1860 but in 1960 are an insecure

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY RepublicanWhither Americanasset at best.labor? Will it

become the "property"of the DemoCLIP AND MAIL cratic party in terms of current identification, recognition of mutual

Freshman TO: BrighamPublic RelationsYoung University,DepartmentProvo, Utah willadvantage,the Republicanand vital partyinterest?developOr,

Please send me free of charge additional information policies which can prove attractive

Orientation about Brigham Young University. to its fair share of this large group

Sept. 2124 I am especially interested in. beof Americans?the RepublicanThisparty'smay beproblem.said to

The Democrats'problem is different:

can they maintain the F.D.R. coaliRegistration NAME tion? The greatest pressure comes

in NorthSouth relations. This, too,

Sept. 2526 ADDRESS will require great skill.

CITY STATE

516 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Police Chief Skousen at the training grounds of the Salt Lake City Police Canine Corps.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many Postumfti

leading citizens do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome.

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

JULY 1959 517 Vn

Some thoughts

by President

Individual freedom is innate in the human soul. God has given us our free

agency, and next to life itself that is our greatest gift from heaven. You men and

women know that is true because of your own love of liberty.

Freedom of choice is more to be treasured than any possession earth can give.

It is inherent in the spirit of man. It is

a divine gift to every normal being.

As real as the consciousness of life itself is the awareness of the ability to make a choice. Upon the decision we make often

depends success or failure, peace or discontent, happiness or misery. Such a

decision may determine whether one responds to the call of one's soul to rise, or yields to the tendency to grovel.

Man's responsibility is correspondingly operative with free agency. Actions in

harmony with divine law and the laws of nature will bring happiness, and those in opposition to divine truth, misery.

To live in a land in which each individual has the right to life and liberty is a glorious privilege.

Editor's Page

on FREEDOM David O. McKay

With free agency there comes responsibility. If The history of the world with all its contentions

man is to be rewarded for righteousness and punished and strife is largely an account of man's effort to free for evil, then common justice demands that he be himself from bondage and usurpation or to protect given the power of independent action. If man were himself in the freedom he possessed.

coerced to do right at all times or were helplessly enticed to commit sin, he would merit neither a blessing for the first nor punishment for the second.

It is well ever to keep in mind the fact that the state exists for the individual, not the individual for the state. Jesus sought to perfect society by perfecting

It is true that faith is an essential principle to the individual, and only by the exercising of free progress, not spiritual progress only, but to all progress. agency can the individual even approach perfection.

But next to faith as an essential to man's advancement is free agency.

The government is best which has as its aim the administration of justice, wellbeing, and the promoThroughout his ministry, Jesus Christ emphasized tion of prosperity among its people.

the worth of the individual, and exemplified what is now expressed as his work and his glory—"to bring

to pass the immortality and eternal life of man."

(Moses 1:39.) Only through the divine gift of soul There cannot be happiness without free agency. If

freedom is such progress possible. the soul feels circumscribed, harassed, or enslaved

by something or somebody, there cannot be true advancement.

Free men must live in a world of moral order, in which men are made by education and experience.

The very fact that we ask, "Whither shall we go?"

or "What shall we do?"or, as Simon Peter asked, When a man uses this Godgiven free agency to

"Lord, to whom shall we go?"(John 6:68) implies the encroach upon the rights of another, he commits a

power of choice. wrong. Liberty becomes a license, and the man a

transgressor.

He who tramples underfoot one of God's greatest gifts to man, who would deny another the right to Man's success or failure, happiness or misery dethink and worship as he pleases, propagates error. pends upon what he seeks and what he chooses.

JULY 1959 519 Question: "How much knowledge did earth, and every herb of the field before it grew: for

we have in the preexistence in relation to this mortal the Lord God had not caused it to rain upon the life and the requirements that would be made of us earth, and there was not a man to till the ground."1

to live in accordance with the principles of the gospel? "Then shall the dust return to the earth as it was:

In other words, was the gospel plan made known to and the spirit shall return unto God, who gave it."2

all and did they have a clear understanding that this "Then the word of the Lord came to me, saying, world would be a place of trial, rewards, and punish- "Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and

ments in keeping with our conduct here; or was this before thou earnest forth out of the womb I sanctified

knowledge made known to just a few? This question thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations."3

is prompted because there are so many millions born "And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was into this world under adverse circumstances and blind from his birth.

where the possibility of hearing the plan of salvation "And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who is extremely remote."did sin, this man, or his parents, that he was born

blind? "Jesus answered, Neither hath this man sinned, nor his parents: but that the works of God should

Answer: be made manifest... "4

"And the angels which kept not their first estate, by President Joseph Fielding Smith but left their own habitation, he hath preserved in

President of the Council of the Twelve everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day."5

While very little has been revealed of the pre- "And there was war in heaven: Michael and his

existence and the memory of all that took place was angels fought against the dragon; and the dragon

withdrawn when we came into this world, yet there fought and his angels, is sufficient revelation of the preexistence to make And prevailed not; neither was their place found

plain to us that the plan of salvation was made known any more in heaven.

to all; otherwise how could there come a rebellion "And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent,

that would turn away onethird of the spirits in called the Devil, and Satan, which deceiveth the heaven? It is true that the ancient scriptures have whole world: he was cast out into the earth, and his

come to us with the knowledge of the preexistence angels were cast out with him."6

in a state of fog. This is due to the fact, which was We learn from the prophecy of Isaiah that the Lord

revealed to Nephi, that 'many of the clearest and named Cyrus, the Persian king, some two hundred most precious truths were eliminated through Satan's years before he was born, Isaiah 44:28 and 45:1.

power over the souls of men. However, there are In the Pearl of Great Price many of the obscure

several passages in the Bible which reveal the prepassages found in the Bible are made clear. These

existence. In relation to the mission of our Savior, passages in Genesis are amplified in relation to the

this is perfectly clear, but not quite so clear in relation preexistence as follows:

to mankind. Of such passages here are a few: "And now, behold, I say unto you, that these are

"Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, the generations of the heaven and of the earth, when and all the host of them.... they were created, in the day that I, the Lord God,

"These are the generations of the heavens and of made the heaven and the earth:

the earth when they were created, in the day that the "And every plant of the field before it was in the

Lord God made the earth and the heavens, earth, and every herb of the field before it grew. For

"And every plant of the field before it was in the I, the Lord God, created all things, of which I have

520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA spoken, spiritually, before they were naturally upon the face of the earth. For I, the Lord God, had not Yourcaused it to rain upon the face of the earth. And I,

the Lord God, had created all the children of men;

and not yet a man to till the ground; for in heaven

flesh there the not yetcreated I them; and upon was,"7 Question

.. in in the neitherearth, neither water, the air;

These passages are cited to show that there was a preexistence and that the spirits of men were there. KNOWLEDGE OF THE

When the plan of salvation was presented, without any question it was presented to all, not to a selected PREEXISTENCE few. For the proper understanding of these events

we have to rely upon modern revelation in which the knowledge is restored. In the Book of Moses

we read: will do all things whatsoever the Lord their God

"And I, the Lord God, spake unto Moses, saying: shall command them;

That Satan, whom thou hast commanded in the name "And they who keep their first estate shall be added of mine Only Begotten, is the same which was from upon; and they who keep not their first estate shall

the beginning, and he came before me, saying—Behold, not have glory in the same kingdom with those who

here am I, send me, I will be thy son, and will redeem keep their first estate; and they who keep their second

all mankind, that one soul shall not be lost, and surely estate shall have glory added upon their heads for-

I will do it; wherefore give me thine honor. ever and ever.

"But, behold, my Beloved Son, which was my "And the Lord said: Whom shall I send? And one

Beloved and Chosen from the beginning, said unto answered like unto the Son of Man: Here am I, send

me—Father, thy will be done, and the glory be thine me. And another answered and said: Here am I,

forever. send me. And the Lord said I will send the first.

"Wherefore, because that Satan rebelled against me, "And the second was angry, and kept not his first and sought to destroy the agency of man, which I, estate; and, at that day many followed after him."9

the Lord God, had given him, and also, that I should From these scriptures we learn that our Father give unto him mine own power; by the power of called a council, and the plan of salvation was premine Only Begotten, I caused that he should be cast sented to all. Lucifer rebelled and led away onedown; third of the spirits, and they were cast out with him.

"And he became Satan, yea, even the devil, the It is not the fault of our Eternal Father that throughfather of all lies, to deceive and to blind men, and out the world there are the many millions who are to lead them captive at his will, even as many as born without the light of the gospel. In the very

would not hearken unto my voice."8 beginning the commandment was given to Adam to

The same account was revealed to Abraham, who teach his children the plan of salvation. This Adam

wrote did, and we read:

"And there stood one among them that was like "And Adam and Eve blessed the name of God, and unto God, and he said unto those who were with they made all things known unto their sons and their him: We will go down, for there is space there, and daughters.

we will take of these materials, and we will make an "And Satan came among them, saying: I am also

earth whereon these may dwell; a son of God; and he commanded them saying: Believe

"And we will prove them herewith, to see if they it not; and they believed (Continued on page 567)

JULY 1959 521 PREPARING YOUTH FOR MISSIONS

When I was sitting alone after class one of the students returned and expressed his sincere desire to

V serve a mission for the Church, but he said that he was neither prepared nor capable. He concluded our

! I discussion by stating, "The Church has never asked

me to do anything worth while."Painfully I realized

that as a Church teacher I was failing this student and was probably failing others, also. The rest of that

day and many times since I have pondered how Condiicted by teachers might prepare youth to make their best the Unified Church School contribution as missionaries and as leaders in the

System Church. Actually, tens of thousands of young LDS boys and

girls visualize and look forward to the day when they might serve the Lord "on the battle field or over the stormy sea."The significant problem, then, is

by Dale T. Tingey how might teachers be instruments in his (God's)

hands and enable these young people to be effective

Associate Director, Los Angeles Institute of Religion (USC) and successful ambassadors of the Church?

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Teach Them the Gospel from cover to cover or book after book, but to search the scriptures for explanation of doctrine, concepts,

In an effort to determine how young people might and principles. Explain the fallacy of using isolated

begin early to prepare for effective and successful scriptures to prove a point or silence an opponent.

missionary work, the institute developed a question- 2. Help the students become versatile in using the

naire and distributed it to returned missionaries in concordance, ready references, commentaries, and so

Southern California. forth. Give them exercises in looking up scriptures

These young men pinpointed several of the pressing relating to different doctrines so that they will be needs expressed of missionaries in the field. In anfamiliar with sacred writings.

swer to the question, "What counsel would you give 3. Guide the students in the selection of choice

a teenager contemplating a mission?"Over ninety perverses of scripture for memorization. Successful miscent of these former missionaries stated that they sionary work demands familiarity with many scripwould encourage them to study the gospel and learn tures.

the scriptures, especially those scriptures used when 4. Help students organize a systematic method of

presenting the gospel to others. gathering and preserving material on doctrines and

If the youth of the Church are to be prepared principles.

for missionary work, they must know the gospel. The 5. Teach students the scriptures pertaining to the

Lord has commanded: apostasy and acquaint them with the historical events

"And I give unto you a commandment that you that brought about the fulfilment of the same.

shall teach one another the doctrine of the kingdom. 6. Teach them the scriptures regarding the restora-

"Teach ye diligently and my grace shall attend you, tion and acquaint them with the. Church historical

that you may be instructed more perfectly in theory, events fulfilling these predictions.

in principle, in doctrine, in the law of the gospel,..."7. Teach students how the LDS concept of man

(D&C 88:7778.) and God differs from that of other churches. The

An investigator once told an elder, "If you can procore of Mormonism is that God has again revealed vide evidence that the Bible refers to the Book of himself to man.

Mormon, I will believe that book was of a divine 8. Interest students in modern scripture and illusorigin."The uninformed missionary informed the trate how they complement and clarify the Bible. This

investigator and his family that there was no such knowledge will enable them to grasp the appeal and evidence and that the Book of Mormon must be accontribution of Mormonism to the world.

cepted on faith alone and on the witness of the Holy Youth must be taught the restored truth so effecGhost. Needless to say, the sincere seeker for God tively that they will not be misled or confused by

went spiritually hungry. Had the missionary known the conflicting interpretations of scripture by men.

the Biblical scriptures referring to the Book of MorThe Lord has said that his missionaries are sent forth mon, he could have presented a very convincing array to teach, not to be taught. If a young missionary

of evidence. This is but one example of the need for has an understanding of the gospel, he will also have

prospective missionaries to study and know the essenconfidence and courage to stand against error and tial scriptures. the philosophies of men. They will be proud of the

message they bear, and like Paul, will be able to

Suggestions for Teaching the Gospel say in their hearts, "... I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ:..."(Romans 1:16.)

1. Teach the students to read the scriptures, not A mission president (Continued on page 552)

JULY 1959 523

Doughnuts Feathers & by Nono Minor

Loneliness frosted with fear tugged at Lucinda Brant as she stood in the doorway of the log cabin. For the third day she shaded her eyes against the glare of

the prairie sun, hoping for a glimpse of her husband.

Shifting the baby on her hip, she turned from the doorway speaking aloud, "Your Papa will be home by nightfall, little Aary. I hope."

Lucinda walked about the spotless cabin, jiggling the baby, making him gurgle, welcoming any noise to fill the endless emptiness. She remembered her angry

words to Aaron.

"I hope you never find buffalo, then we'll have to move closer to the Fort where we can get supplies—and see people!"she had screamed at him.

"I've worked too hard to give up this homestead,"he'd answered. "We'll stay!"

Then without even a parting glance he had ridden off.

Guilt seeped in with her fear. She had nagged unmercifully these past months.

Aaron couldn't understand her loneliness for neighbors, for someone to exchange ideas with.

Putting the baby in his crib she turned to put more buffalo chips on the fire.

She glanced about the immaculate cabin; everything was clean and in place

except for her mending from yesterday, which hung around the room in comforting clutter. She straightened the cover on the iron bed. The day stretched long.

Opening her trunk she fingered the pretty clothes she had brought with her as a bride. There had been no place to wear them, here in this emptiness. She unpacked her beautiful plumed hat, laying it on the trunk. Somehow just looking

at it made her seem closer to civilization.

Rocking the baby's crib, she decided to have a party—just the three of them.

It might show Aaron how she missed neighbors, and would give her something to do all day. She would have doughnuts; Aaron loved them. Checking her supplies she decided to make enough to last a few days, then she would put away

the mending and dress up in her best clothes.

Poking up the fire she put grease in the huge iron skillet. She began to feel

better as she worked. The aroma of cooking sponged up her fear.

Taking the amber colored doughnuts from the stove she set them aside to cool, then dropped more dough into the sputtering (Continued on page 550)

Leadership Development

by Sterling W. Sill, Booby Traps

World War I was productive in the inand the "booby trap"was invented to help boobies devention of new and more effective methods stroy themselves.

of destroying enemy soldiers. This was A booby trap usually has a small hidden bomb

particularly true in the multiplication of placed in such a way that it is exploded by some ways in which explosives were used to action of the intended victim himself. That is, the

produce casualties. Bombs were dropped victim is enticed to pick up some harmlesslooking

from the air; they were used to mine the object to which a detonator is attached. Sometimes

ground; they were thrown as hand grenthe enemy would purposely retreat, giving up terriades. They were hidden below the surface tory, trenches, headquarters, etc., where booby traps

of the sea to bring sudden destruction to had previously been hidden. When the advancing

any contacting ship. On land, tunnels army occupied its newly captured possessions and the

were sometimes made under the enemy's soldiers began touching things or picking things up trenches so that men and installations could or stepping in the wrong places, the concealed bombs be blown up from beneath. Sometimes an began exploding, killing some and mutilating others

area where an attack was expected would by blowing off arms, legs, and faces. This not only

be underlain with land mines. When the killed enemy soldiers, but many were so badly muticharge came, the other side would withlated that they became a greater liability than those

draw until the enemy was in the most who were killed outright. Thus the progress of the

vulnerable position on the mined ground; whole army was slowed down.

then the explosives would be set off and However, the use of booby traps is not limited to the enemy blown to bits. hot wars between nations. Booby traps of one kind

One of the most devilish of all of these or another have been blowing people up or slowing instruments of destruction was a device their progress or destroying their leadership success called a "booby trap."This was an exand happiness since the beginning of time. For

plosive arrangement designed for tricking example, it has been said that sin is the devil's booby soldiers into destroying themselves untrap. The devil just loves to catch boobies, and he

aware. The dictionary says that a "booby"is very clever in concealing destructive, deathdealing

is a stupid or foolish person. The name of devices beneath attractively arranged bait. He spethis fiendish contraption inferred that this cializes in blowing up faith and wrecking morality

particular deathdealing instrument worked and curtailing productive industry and enthusiasm.

best on soldiers who were not very alert He is particularly effective in mining the area over and sometimes did foolish things. It is which we are about to advance. He gets us to pick

about the same idea as a booby prize. The up a little discouragement, dishonesty, negative thinkbooby prize is usually some ridiculous ing, and a few bad habits. Then sooner or later we

article given to whoever gets the lowest touch the detonator and the blast blows out the very score in the game or makes the poorest foundations of our success.

showing in the contest. The "booby The devil has no shortage of booby traps. In fact,

prize"was invented to "reward"boobies, he has these infernal contrivances competing with

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

each other in offering the most alluring enticements for destruction. We often become so enamored with

these creations of sin that we hug them tightly to ourselves, thereby compressing the unseen triggers to blow the vitals out of our success.

Judas was caught in a booby trap with thirty pieces of silver as bait. Demas, one of Paul's missionary

companions was also needlessly blown down from his high place. Paul said, "He loved this present

world."(See II Tim. 4:10.) Pilate was caught in the

booby trap of his own ignorance. He said to Jesus,

"What is truth?"(John 18:38) and then without

waiting to hear the answer he walked out of the room.

The prodigal son got away from his family where he could be a booby in a big way. Only a "few"get

through the mine fields of Satan to reach the celestial kingdom.

One of the discouraging things about this situation is that we never seem to learn very much from the past. We still put our fingers in the wet paint, so to

speak, and touch the red hot stove to make sure that it is really hot. You can still catch a big mouse with

a little piece of cheese. In about the same way, the

most obvious of sin's booby traps are still taking a tremendous toll.

Satan's booby traps are of every design and are in ample supply. In fact, there are about as many

booby traps as there are boobies. You remember the

booby trap that caught Esau. One night he got a

little bit hungry and so he traded in his birthright for a mess of pottage. This particular idea has been

so effective that Satan has used it over and over again.

Esau was fooled because the bomb was hidden behind the old "delusion of perspective"which makes everything close by look large and important and everything in the distance look small and unimportant.

That is, if you look down a long row of telephone poles, each one actually seems to get a little smaller

JULY 1959 527 as the distance is increased until finally the telephone Even with a 2020 physical vision we still walk headon pole on the horizon seems like just a pinpoint. That into the most obvious booby traps when the punishseems to be true; your eyes tell you it is true—and yet ments are marked "Deferred."Even to be consigned

it is not true. We can demonstrate to ourselves this to hell doesn't seem very bad to some if they don't

deception of perspective in a lot of ways. For examhave to go there right now.

ple, put a nickel over your eye and it will blot out Goethe's Faust was caught in a worse booby trap the biggest star a few hundred million miles away; a than Esau. Esau traded his birthright for a mess of

quarter will blot out the sun. That does not mean pottage; Faust traded his soul for a promise of twentythat the quarter is larger than the sun—it is just closer four years of pleasure. You would think that even

to your eye. a booby would not be so foolish, but we must reIt is fairly easy to discover this deception as it member that with booby traps, the danger is not

applies to distance; it is not so easy to see the same always in plain view. The reason that the destructive

deception as it applies to time. Ask your sixyear sin of procrastination is so popular is that the bomb

old son which he would rather have, a dime today is hidden in the distance—you merely postpone action

or a quarter next week. A mess of pottage right now far enough into the future to reduce its importance in

seemed more important to Esau than a valuable size to where it doesn't frighten you any more. A

birthright a few years in the future. Esau couldn't present duty often looms so large as to be overpowerproperly appraise values that were beyond the end ing, but put it on the list for "tomorrow"and it seems

of his nose. as good as solved. What a great day "tomorrow"is

But how many of us make similar mistakes? Every going to be. That is when we arc going to do all

day we trade off some future success and happiness of the things that we have promised today. A "profor a mess of pottage right now. Someone said, crastinator"is a booby; a "sloth"is a booby; one who

"Heaven is all right—it is just too far away."Many doesn't look beyond the end of his nose is a booby;

trade off their health and wealth for the delusions and sooner or later the appropriate bomb will explode offered by "booze."Some are willing to suffer a posin his vital organs.

sible cancerous death in the future for their present Anyone who deliberately walks into a booby trap daily ration of nicotine. Many people will incur an unis a booby. Anyone who continually tampers with

necessary'debt if they don't have to pay it back right booby traps is a booby. Even if you can't see the

away. We do a lot of other wrong things, merely explosive, it is still very risky to play with booby traps.

because the punishment is not immediate. Dating, It is also very dangerous to flirt with bad habits, even

courtship, and even marriage are not free from booby if they are little. Things that are little today have a

traps. The allurements of the present have such great way of being big tomorrow. Anyway, it only takes

appeal that if we are not alert and resolute, life itself one little bad habit or one little bad attitude to lead may blow up in our faces. We can often be induced us onto the enemy's mine fields. Then when we are

to trade off even our mansions in heaven if Satan will the most vulnerable the charge is set off and our put a little of our favorite cheese on the trap right success may be blown to pieces and our hopes go now. up in smoke. Even if the bomb behind a bad habit

We may also lose our birthright if we fail to make is small, it can still blow out our vision and destroy some allowances for this deception of perspective. our judgment. A hand (Continued on page 549)

HE NEVER KNOWS

by Christie Lund Coles

He who stays at home Through rain and sunny weather,

Never knows the distant road, Bordered by heather;

Never knows the ocean's roar, Yet, the wanderer who goes

Nor the foamcurved sand, From sea to alien loam,

Never hears the whistling train, Never knows the quiet peace,

Sees the lifted hand; The wonder that is home.

528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA America's Oldest Married Couple

May through Decernber

by Harold H. Jenson

Historian, Old Folk Central Committee

"It takes a heap o'livin'in a house t'make it home,

A heap o'sun an'shadder, an ye sometimes have t'roam Afore ye really 'preciate the things ye lef behind,

An hunger er 'em somehow, with 'em alius on yer mind.

It don't make any differunce how rich ye get t'be,

How much yer chairs an'tables cost, how great yer luxury; It ain't home t'ye, though it be the palace of a king,

Until somehow yer soul is sort o'wrapped round everything."*

Although Edgar A. Guest in his poem "Home,"

used in part here, did not have the humble abode of

Brother and Sister Peter Petersen of Fairview in mind, the words certainly fit this cottage where for what is believed to be "the nation's oldest, longest most of their lives this ninetyeight year old couple married couple."Although they could not attend

have lived out eighty years of married bliss, and in person, a permanent tape recording was made for where happiness and love reign supreme. them. Life magazine flew out a special photographer

On December 10, 1958 "the most unusual gathering and had a writer attend, and both stayed for every of its kind ever held,"using the words of Chairman word and musical note.

LeGrand Richards of the Old Folk Central Committee While honors were being paid by Chairman Richtook place in the North Fairview Ward, when close ards, President Kate B. Carter of the Daughters of

to five hundred people crowded to pay homage to Utah Pioneers, and Harold H. Jenson, historian of the

"Used by permission. Old Folk Central Com- {Continued on page 548)

JULY 1959 529 "Mixed Voices"Untruth was never more picturshorn of its absurdities and blasthe first to last the history phemies. That Mormon From Study in Book of esque.A

preforce the of this cult spectacuis dramatic Church will.. become. and CriticismMormon

lar. One feels that he has stumbled dicted for it by its leaders, early and

upon a scene in the Arabian Nights, presentday, is impossible. That its

rather than upon a sober chapter of doctrine could attract intellectual real religion."46 men is an insult to intellect. That

Part Two An investigator in 1906 found that it can continue to exist as a religious all the peculiarities of the Mormons force is to expect too much."50

Just "centertheir strangein andreligiousare an outgrowthbeliefs,"beof this"Weor thattalk person'smuch aboutreligion,"'respecting'wrote liefs which he can only describe as G. K. Chesterton in an essay on the

Another "grotesquewhich "at theandsamemonstrous,"time have wonyet aMormons,religion is"butto treatthe wayit as atoreligion:respect

a following unsurpassed in devoto ask what are its tenets and what tion."47 If the Mormons could only are their consequences."For Chescure themselves of their bizarre taste terton: "The basic Mormon belief isBook for the grotesque and monstrous, one that comes out of the morning

Concluding last month's chapter and purge their religion "of its gross of the earth, from the most primitive by Hugh Nibley errors of doctrine,"all would be and even infantile attitude,"namely well.48 "It seems almost beyond bethe idea regarding God, "not that

1900's lief,"one scholar wrote in 1919, He was materialized once, as all "that such a hybrid of fraud and Christians believe... but that He

The verdict of a muchreprinted superstition as Mormonism could be was materially embodied from all book appearing first in 1900 is that brought forth by the most enlighttime; that he has a local habitation

"For climacteric comicality Mormonened age of the world... a terrible as well as a name."This he calls

ism should be awarded the palm. Its canker has attacked the heart of a "barbaric but violently vivid conromancing is refreshing in its very Christianity at home...,"49 Mormonception,"and bids us view the Moraudaciousness. Jules Verne dreamism "may hope to survive,"writes a mons as "a number of dull, earnest,

ing is here eclipsed; Baron Muntypical representative of the new ignorant, blackcoated men with

chausen marvels seem commonplace. "liberal"school, "only if it is brave chimneypot hats, chin beards or

Of absurdities Pelions are piled upon enough to jettison its outof-date muttonchop whiskers, [who] manOssas, but the pile rises ever higher. creed and face the future boldly, aged to reproduce in their own souls

The Grab Bag

by Hugh Nibley

How does the Book of Mormon critic of today go world that he has at last discovered the indubitable about his work? His point of departure is an article source of the Book of Mormon.

of faith: "Painstaking research can uncover the source Silly as it sounds, this is exactly how the experts

of all his [Joseph Smith's] ideas."1 Actually this stateoperate. 2 They begin by declaring the book a typical

ment of Mrs. Brodie's is nonsense, since no research product of its times; but if it is typical, it must be of

can ever uncover the indisputable source of any a type—there must be other books like it. Where

man's ideas, let alone those of a man whose world, with were they? Search as they would, the scholars could

all the myriad sights and sounds that might conceivfind nothing closer to the Book of Mormon than, of ably have given him those ideas, has passed away all things, the Koran, a writing about as far from over a century ago. Armed with this naive credo and Smith's time, place, and culture as it is possible to

a determination to "uncover"something, the critic get. 3 The most casual reading will show, moreover,

looks about him for something he has read or heard that it would be hard to name two writings less alike that reminds him of something in the Book of Morthan those two. Many Moslems, for example, have

mon, and as soon as he has found it announces to the rejected the popular nineteenth sura (chapter) of the

530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the richness and peril of an ancient should be a limit to freedom of rehave been like, but all are agreed

Oriental experience."51 ligion, and Mormonism is it. A very that their presence in our western

It is a gaudy picture, and a phony recent "study"deplores the fact that civilization is completely and inone, but it leaves us in no doubt as "Mormons are generally considered credibly incongruous.

to how a topflight intellectual of by many to be 'Fundamentalists,'Critics may be permitted at this the 1920's classified the Mormons: since nothing could be greater than late date to try their hand at winning

the only parallel Chesterton can the gap between the two: "Mormons friends and influencing people by

think of is not that of the ancient deny the Scriptural doctrine of the telling the Mormons of today that

Hebrews but of his own weird idea Trinity and the Deity of the Lord they are just ordinary folk with an of them. 52 It was at least an imJesus Christ. Mormonism denies the ordinary church. But to say that

provement on the psychic deductions authority of the Bible.... Mormon such was also the case in the days

of Theodore Schroeder who a few theology denies the virgin birth of of Joseph Smith and Brigham Young years before had found the whole our Lord Jesus Christ...."55 Such is neither honest nor sporting. The

key to Mormonism in the doctrine conclusions may be absurd, but they genial and forced camaraderie of of a heaven "whose greatest and only make it clear enough that the some of the presentday critics of advertised bliss will be intensified "Fundamentalists"are as determined Mormonism is that of the man who animalism, prolonged through eteras anyone else to have no part of finds it easier to pick your pocket nity."53 the Mormons. by affectionately locking arms with

In all this it would be hard to tell Anyone familiar enough with the you than by hitting you over the who rates the Mormons lower, the febrile literature from which we head. The new humane approach

Liberals or the Fundamentalists. The have been quoting to attempt writis simply an obvious maneuver to

cry of the latter is that "from first to ing his own book on the Mormons rob the Church of a glorious history last there is not one teaching peculiar should recognize that nothing is and to play down every remarkable to Mormonism which is not contrary more characteristic than the insistcircumstance of its origin. When it

to the Bible and to evangelical ence of the critics on every side, that reaches the point of being told that

Christianity."Its "ghastly ideas"of the Mormons are not like any other while the Book of Mormon may seem

a God who has a body, the necessity Christians or like any other people very strange to us, to the contemof good works for salvation, etc., in the Western world. They may be poraries of Joseph Smith it "would

"cannot but be viewed with abhorcompared with primitive Christians scarcely seem fanciful, possibly not rence by all true Christians.... We by freethinkers, or with primitive even novel,"it is high time to proought to care greatly that such evil Hebrews or Moslems by people who test. For even the most superficial

beliefs are even held by the Morhave only the vaguest homemade acquaintance with the literature will mons themselves...."34 There conception of what the latter might show (Continued on page 565)

Koran because it contains in the story of Joseph and Mormon "references to Swedenborgianism with its his brethren an episode of human history: "... it is three heavens."The fact that there is no such doctrine

entirely worldly history [they protest], and it is unmentioned in the book does not deter this investigator, thinkable that this physical history should ever be who finds in the same source traces of "the Washingpart of the holy Book revealed by God."4 The reader tonian movement for total abstinence."7 Though recan soon convince himself that the Koran really is ligious men in every age have abstained from strong

remarkably innocent of "physical history,"while the waters, yet the Mormons can only have got the Word

Book of Mormon purports to contain whole books of of Wisdom (not mentioned in the Book of Mormon!)

it. That alone should indicate how much the two from the Washingtonians, because they happened to

books have in common. be active at the time. These two instances illustrate

But while some saw in Smith "another Mohammed how the critics operate.

preparing another Koran,"5 others found in his work "The theological ideas of the Book of Mormon,"typical "Swedenborgian illusions,"6 a writer in Hastaccording to J. H. Snowden, "are also easily traced

ings'Encyclopedia even discovering in the Book of to their sources... the Nephites were Old School

JULY 1959 531 So Joachim or Anselm or Ethan Smith or Rabelais or somebody takes a stick and draws a circle in the sand, and forthwith the adroit and wily Joseph turns out a beautifully running mechanism that tells perfect time.

Presbyterians."8 Since that is such an easy and obChristian Unitarianism."1 * Today, however, Mr. Davis

vious conclusion, it is strange that Mr. John Hyde tells us that "it opposed deism, evangelism, and the

in a very thorough attack on the Book of Mormon Arminianism of Methodists and Unitarians alike."15

comes to the opposite conclusion, that in the book Mr. Beers and others see in the Book of Mormon a re-

."Calvinism repels him [Smith], and he opposes it,"hash of Millerism, ignoring the fact that "Miller..

while actually "Universalism affects his sympathies."9 began his lectures in 1831,"after the book was well

Yet E. D. Howe insists that Universalism is not the on its way. 10 Dr. Bierderwolk insists that the new

hero but the villain of the book, 10 which shows strong Church was nothing but a Baptist community,17 influence of the seventeenth century French Mystics. 11 while the Baptists themselves insist that the Mormons

According to the same authority, in the Book of Morwere Campbellites, though Campbell for his part mon "the Arian doctrine is denied"; yet the Rev. H. classed them with the first Quakers. 1 * At the other

Mattison insists that the book is simply "Modern extreme scholars not only charge Smith with "toying

Arianism."12 Others find that "Methodism abounds with Catholicism"19 but even insist that "the Church

in the Book of Mormon"and can flatly declare: "The of the LatterDay Saints... is in connection with the

Mormons are Wesleyans."13 But Charles Francis Church of Rome, and is even daughter to that great

Adams, who visited Joseph Smith in 1844, just as scarlet whore of Babylon."20 With equal confidence

flatly declares, "His theological system is very nearly others accuse the Book of Mormon of being an anti532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Catholic book. 21 "The doctrine of the book is wholeJoachim of Flora, because Joachim uses the expression

heartedly and completely Arminian,"22 according to "... the everlasting Gospel,..."which is found in

Dr. O'Dea, while Davis counters by describing Morthe Bible but not in the Book of Mormon! 35 It seems

monism as the antithesis of Arminianism, especially in that the Book of Mormon incorporates "... many of

its rejection of "the omnipresent, inscrutable, 'Budthe almost forgotten tales of the monk Cyril and the dhistic'God of modern religions."23 A German enAbbot Joachim,..."3G though Smith could only have

cyclopedia, the Grosse Brockhaus, see predominant found out about them from Mosheim, whose work did

Gnostic elements in both Mormonism and the Book not appear in English until 1839, who quotes none of Mormon, 24 while a learned journal of fifty years of the "forgotten tales"in his unflattering paragraph ago found their doctrine "formed on Buddhistic prinon Joachim, who never mentions Cyril. 37

ciples."25 The astute Gunnison thought Mormonism One expert confidently assures us that it was the

was strongly influenced by the teachings of the great French satirist Rabelais who inspired the Book

Transcendentalists and that Joseph Smith "and his of Mormon, for in his Gargantua Rabelais tells of followers have fallen in with the spiritual philosophy "... a man digging in the earth, and suddenly alightof the day, and added the doctrine of affinities of ing upon a brazen tomb, in which were deposited

minds and sympathy of souls."26 Others argued that nine gold flagons, upon which were engraved inthe Book of Mormon "... must have been written numerable Egyptian hieroglyphics, and with them a

by an atheist,"as a sort of practical joke, the work of large pair of golden spectacles, by the employ of "a fearless infidel"undertaken as "... a ridicule upon which the said man was enabled to decipher the said

the Holy Bible."27 With the charges of atheism went mysterious characters. With this fancy of the Frenchthose of "Deism, Oivenism, Socialism...,"28 Chesterton man Smith had become acquainted; and being full of

sees the Mormon Church "... soaking itself solely in craft and cunning, at once appropriated it to his

the Hebrew Scriptures."29 deceptive purposes, and out of it concocted the story

"Mormonism borrowed most of its ideas from the of his golden bible and spectacles."38

'Campbellite,'or Disciples of Christ Church,"accordOthers have pointed to suspicious doctrinal parallels ing to the new Arbaugh, who proceeds to describe between the Book of Mormon and the writings of the basic Campbellite doctrines in a way that makes St. Anselm—though they are unwilling to read the

it clear that nothing could be less like Mormonism. 30 one and unable to read the other. Even so these

Certainly none was better qualified to speak for scholars have missed the really striking resemblance

Campbellism than the elder Campbell, who in debetween Joseph Smith and Anselm for the latter "as a nouncing "—the infernal Book of Mormon—"stated as simple, innocent boy"firmly believed and "publicly

the basic proposition of his own faith "—the allsuffi- asserted before others"that he had climbed the mounciency and alonesufficiency of the... Bible,"which tains near his home one dav and seen God face to

makes the Book of Mormon the embodied antithesis face. 39 Isn't that Joseph Smith all over?

of Campbellism. 31 The Campbellites accused the If you want parallels we can give you dozens of

Baptists of trying to fob off Mormonism on them and them. In the approach to the Book of Mormon we

the latter returned the charge. 32 This is an amusing quoted a long passage from Solon of Athens that

game of hot potato that the sects played among themmight have come right out of the Book of Mormonselves, tossing the Book of Mormon at each other as why not take that as proof positive that the book is a deadly missile. It is still going on, for in 1956 a simply a steal from the Greeks?—the evidence is just

Jesuit writer described the "whole body of new revelaas good as any other. 40 The old cycle, prosperity,

tion as derived from the Reformation principle of pride, sin, and destruction is found again and again religious freedom carried to the extreme."Mr. Davis in Greek and other literature, ancient and modern;

on the contrary informs us that the Mormons were there is no need for Dr. O'Dea to brand it Arminianactually "opposed to individualism of any kind."33 ism when it occurs in the Book of Mormon—it would

And while one school of thought sees in the new rebe just as accurate to label it by any of a dozen other ligion "a reaction against stern New England Calvinnames.

ism,"the same Mr. Davis assures us that the very The Book of Mormon critics have made an art of

opposite was the case: it was rather a reaction against explaining a very big whole by a very small part. The

"the rising tide of liberalism and individualism."34 game is to look for some mysterious person or docuThis business of capitalizing on chance resemblances ment from which Joseph Smith might have got the

of detail to explain the Book of Mormon reaches the few simple and obvious ideas and then cry triconsummation of absurdity in the recent revival of umphantly, "At last we have it! Now we know

the theory that the book was simply a steal from the where the Book of Mormon came from!

writings of a thirteenth century monk, the Abbot "If someone will only (Continued on page 546)

JULY 1959 533

LCHIZEDEK

! PR ESTHOOD IN WHAT TO

As a stake presidency, as high councilors, as Melties, projects, achievements, and organizational and chizedek Priesthood quorum leaders—are you getting other needs of the quorums. Committee members

all you should from your stake priesthood leadership should know the quorum members well enough to be meetings? able to recommend worthy and qualified brethren to

In welloperated stakes, these stake priesthood serve as quorum officers or in other responsible Church leadership sessions are some of the most productive positions.

and beneficial meetings of the Church. By properly 5. Provide necessary help and teaching aids for

using them the whole Melchizedek Priesthood proclass instructors.

gram of the stake is made to flourish. 6. Receive and audit quorum reports, and prepare

How should they be handled, and what matters and submit required summaries to the general priestshould come up for consideration in them? hood committee.

Be it remembered, first, that the stake presidency 7. Supervise the audit of quorum funds and

is responsible for the supervision and control of all properties when the quorum president (entire presipriesthood activities in the stake, and that the stake dency in case of seventies) is changed, or annually

Melchizedek Priesthood committee acts for the stake if no change in officers is made.

presidency in directing and supervising the work of Now, stake priesthood leaders meetings provide all Melchizedek Priesthood quorums in the stake. ideal occasions on which priesthood leaders are taught

True, members of the stake Melchizedek Priesthood their duties and trained in how to perform them.

committee do not take over the active operation of Members of the stake Melchizedek Priesthood compriesthood quorums. These quorums are operated mittee and other qualified brethren are to act as inby their own officers in harmony with the policies of structors, offer specific suggestions, promote all

the Church. But, among other things, members of priesthood programs, check on past performance, and

this committee are to: inspire a determination on the part of quorum leaders

to work with zeal and energy in their callings.

1. Train quorum officers in the successful perAs set out in the Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook,

formance of their duties. various departmental sessions should be held, from

2. Conduct the Melchizedek Priesthood departments time to time, at these leadership meetings. Brethren

in the regular stake priesthood leadership meetings. selected to teach and instruct in these departments

3. Make regular and frequent visits to presidency, are the sound and stable brethren of the stake, those

quorum, and group meetings. who know the priesthood program and who have

4. Keep the stake presidency informed of the activiinitiative and leadership ability. They are expected to

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LEADERSHIP MEE

use their own talents and insight in choosing matters 12. Encourage genealogical research and the perfor consideration in their departmental sessions. formance of temple ordinances by quorum members.

As a check list, to indicate fields in which discus13. Consider ways and means of getting brethren

sions may be had in the various departments, the folsealed to their families in the temple.

lowing matters are suggested: 14. Plan the part to be played by quorums in

Church building programs and on ward and stake 1. Study the Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook. welfare projects.

2. Study other appropriate Church handbooks 15. Plan and arrange for quorum support of the

which set forth policies and procedures governing stake and foreign missionary work, both in supplying priesthood and Church programs. missionaries and in making funds available to help

3. Study suggestions made on the Melchizedek needy missionaries.

Priesthood page of The Improvement Era. 16. Review policies and make plans relative to the

4. Plan and suggest specific quorum projects, inproper use of seventies.

cluding civic and Church service projects, those 17. Suggest policies and procedures by which quoinvolved in welfare rehabilitation activities, and those rums may fill out the cards giving a record of the

pertaining to social and recreational activities. activity status of each member and how they should

5. Teach correct procedures relative to the perthen use this information.

formance of priesthood ordinances. 18. Give instructions relative to marking of rolls,

6. Study and suggest appropriate ways of operating keeping of minutes, and making of reports.

the priesthood reactivation program, including the 19. Cooperate with ward bishoprics to provide each

personal missionary approach. inactive brother with some church assignment.

7. Plan refresher schools for inactive brethren. 20. Give instructions relative to the collection, con-

8. Offer teaching aids and suggestions for presentservation, and use of quorum funds.

ing regular lessons.

21. Teach morality, clean living, tithepaying and

9. Demonstrate the presentation of the lessons in

the keeping of all other gospel standards.

the standard Church proselyting plan.

10. Plan and make arrangements for holding cot22. Present appropriate gospel themes.

tage meetings with inactive brethren and their fami23. Take up any special items that may pertain to

lies. the particular stake and quorums involved.

11. Discuss proper procedures for making the an24. Check on conformity to all suggestions made

nual confidential visits. in previous leadership meetings.

JULY 1959 535 The fourth of July is here again, and all over the nation this historic and epochmaking day will be celebrated with patriotic speeches, parades, with colorful floats, and fun for the children. Such is and

has been the tradition ever since the Declaration of

Independence with its promising words, "We hold these truths to be selfevident that all men are createdDENMARK equal adopted...."was

But how many Americans know that the fourth of celebrates July is celebrated on an unusually large scale in faroff Denmark in a beautiful natural park in the northern part of the country? To obtain further information

on this interesting subject, we must go back about the American 50 years.

In 1905 the DanishAmerican, Ivar Kirkegaard, advocated at a meeting in Racine, Wisconsin (which had, and still has, a large Danish population) the Independence holding of an annual national festival in Denmark by Danes and Danishborn Americans. The idea was

accepted with enthusiasm, but there remained the difficult task of putting this glorious idea into Day very practice. It seems, however, that when a great idea

is always a man ready to by Orson B. West is conceived and born there

carry out the plan. The man in this case was Dr.

Max Henius, an American chemist and industrialist

A unique Fourth of ofat theDanishUniversitybirth whoof Marburgafter havingin 1881wonemigratedhis doctorateto the

July in Rebild National interestsUnited States.lay in manyHe wasfieldsa ofgreathumanpersonality,endeavor.whoseHis

contribution to a continued cordial connection bePark. The American

tween Danishborn American citizens and Denmark speaker at this has been tremendous. He enthusiastically embraced

year's celebration will be effortsMr. Kirkegaard'sthe first fourthidea, andof Julymainlyfestivalas a wasresultheldof hisin

the Honorable 1909 in the city of Aarhus.

Ezra Taft Benson tionsLaterof throughDanishAmericansthe combineda 200effortsacre andtractcntribuon the

Jutland heath was purchased and the Rebild National Park was established and presented to the then King Christian X of Denmark. Since 1912, except during the war years, the Rebild July Fourth

Festival has been observed, growing in importance

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and attendance year by year. In the early 1930's a Many prominent Americans have honored this

large museum in the form of an American log cabin DanishAmerican festival with their presence, and was built at the park by Danishborn Americans, of as speakers. Among those who have represented the

logs sent from their adopted land. United States are such prominent people as Paul

In commemoration of the large number of Danes Hoffman, administrator of the European Economic who had migrated to Utah, a typical pioneer covered Recovery Program, the "Marshall Plan;"Henry Cabot

wagon was presented to the park during the July Lodge, Jr., U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations;

fourth celebration of 1935. The wagon, built in and Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court,

Utah, was taken to Denmark by the late Andrew Earl Warren.

Jenson, assistant Church historian, himself a prominent The Rebild National Park is unique. Robert Lund,

Dane. The wagon was drawn into the park by a former president of the board, said:

yoke of oxen, and was accompanied by a group "The landscaped Rebild National Park is peculiarly dressed in the fashion of the early Mormon Pioneers. beautiful, distinguished by its prehistoric trail windElder Jenson and his party, among whom was his ing through heatherclad ravine, and situated in that

daughter, Eva Olson, a member of the American central part of Jutland called Himmerland, a relic of

Committee of the Rebild National Park Board, were past ages when the greater part of Jutland was received by King Christian X, and the oration of the dominated by its boldly undulating hills covered day was delivered by United States Minister Ruth with heather and various other types of lowly herbs,

Bryan Owen Rhode. such as juniper and red and blue whortleberries.

This year Utah will again be in the limelight, inas- "These hills of dark and brown hues, have a sombre much as the Honorable Ezra Taft Benson, Secretary and serene appearance, declining to yield even to the of Agriculture, and Mrs. Benson, will be the guests brightness of the sunshine during the greater part

of the Rebild National Park Board and the Danish of the year. In August and September the picture

Government. Secretary Benson, a member of the changes entirely when the heather blossoms forth

Council of the Twelve, will be the American speaker in shades of pinkish lilac....

at this year's festival. This is Elder Benson's third "This landscape is the scene of an international

visit to Denmark, since he was appointed President reunion, probably more widely known than any of the European Mission in 1946. His first visit to other. The sons and daughters of Denmark who

Denmark after the close of World War II will never emigrated to America felt the urge to create in the be forgotten by the members of the Church there. country of their childhood days a tangible symbol

His kindness and sympathetic understanding won of their memories of home, and they achieved this him the love and admiration of all the people. In idea at Rebild....

1955 he and Mrs. Benson also visited Denmark, and "The majority of emigrants went abroad for wider

it happened to be at the same time the Tabernacle opportunities, to satisfy their hopes and expectations

Choir was on its European concert tour, and they of the future, but the frugal soil of Rebild remained both attended the concert which the choir gave in their symbol of the past, the center of their memories

Copenhagen on September 3. of the old home. Once a year, these fartraveled

Mrs. Benson herself has close ties with Denmark, men and women yield to the urge of refreshing their

inasmuch as her father, Carl C. Amussen, was born memories of Denmark, and Rebild is the only spot

there. A convert to the Church, he emigrated to outside the United States where the fourth of July

America, crossing the plains before the advent of the festival has been celebrated for more than forty railroad. years. The reunions (Continued on page 565)

JULY 1959 537 thPRESIDIG "ISHOPRICy

Ward Teaching Supplement motivating force in the life of a true Christianis elusive, hard to obtain, harder to hold, but absolutely

No subject of theological query—with the possible essential to salvation.

exception of the nature of the Godhead—has resulted Faith has been called the first principle of the gosin more speculation, discussion, and controversy in pel. It is the first principle both because of its prothe Christian world than the question of the relative found significance and its relationship to other

saving merits of grace, faith, and works. Theoloprinciples. It is the power which motivates an indigians of various persuasions have presented various vidual to repent, to seek, to embrace the gospel and

interpretations, some closer to the truth than others. submit to its saving ordinances. Unless faith goes

They have been limited by the fact that the Bible first, these other steps may not follow.

itself is not always as clear on the matter as one might Belief is less than faith. It is mere intellectual

wish. We, as Latterday Saints, know that all are assent and is not a power unto salvation. Some people

essential and that all work together. We can well be who think they have faith have mere belief. We should

grateful for our clear and beautiful doctrine of faith examine ourselves to see which of the two we have.

and works. The insight and depth provided by our The answer is, for the main part, to be determined by

supplemental scriptures—the Book of Mormon, the what we do about it.

Doctrine and Covenants, the Pearl of Great PriceIf we are to be saved, we must accompany our have played a large role in its formulation. faith with works. The word "works,"as used in this

Faith is difficult to define. Many have offered definibroad sense, means more than just good deeds. It

tions; Alma (Alma 32:21) and the author of Hebrews encompasses the necessary ordinances of the gospel-

(Heb. 11:1) are authoritative and often quoted. Faith baptism, confirmation, and the rest, the living of a

is more than belief, more than hope, more than confiChristian life, the formation of Godlike attributes. All

dence, more than "positive thinking."It is all of these of these are necessary to achieve the highest degree

and much more. It is akin to knowledge, but not of salvation. The old argument that faith without

identical. Although difficult to define, it is not espeworks is sufficient fails by definition: true, living,

cially difficult to detect in the life and character of vital, active faith will of necessity be accompanied one who really possesses it. Faith—the dynamic, active, by works. If the works are absent, the faith is dead.

::..:";;:.::.:::.::::::.:';'. '

Many Helped by ChurchSponsored rendering aid and comfort to the handicapped. The

Society for the Aid of the Sightless efforts of the Relief Society, Church welfare, and

Primary Children's Hospital in behalf of such persons

From the date of its founding, the Church of Jesus are rightfully applauded throughout the Church.

Christ of Latterday Saints has been very active in There are other Churchsponsored organizations en538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA gaged in this work, however, whose activities remain Brother Anderson, who is blind himself, is the relatively unfamiliar to the majority of the members editor of The New Messenger, the Church magazine of the Church. for the blind. The New Messenger contains excerpts

One such group is the Society for the Aid of the from The Improvement Era, The Instructor, The

Sightless, a Churchsponsored and financed organizaChurch News, and other Church periodicals as well tion whose chief purpose it is to disseminate Church as auxiliary lessons and other selected materials. It

literature to all interested blind individuals, both is published monthly and furnished without cost to members and nonmembers of the Church. Hundreds all interested blind individuals. Brother Anderson

of individuals from all parts of the world are at presalso assists in the preparation of other materials.

ent taking advantage of this service. Sister Jones gives instruction to blind children of

The literature furnished is of two types: Braille and preschool age.

"Talking Book,"i.e., record. The "Talking Book"servThe works the society has made available in Braille

ice, a relatively recent innovation, has proved of great include the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covevalue because many blind persons have never had nants, the Pearl of Great Price, The Articles of Faith the opportunity to learn Braille and thus cannot read by Dr. James E. Talmage, LDS Hymn Book, An Introthe Braille literature. Much of this literature is duction to the Gospel by Dr. Lowell Bennion, and

furnished without charge. Gospel Ideals by President David O. McKay,

The Society for the Aid of the Sightless was organ- (abridged).

ized in 1904 with a board of trustees of seven as the The Talking Book Records include The New Mesgoverning body. The first Board of Trustees was senger Talking Book Magazine (does not contain

composed of Dr. James E. Talmage, president; George the same material as the Braille New Messenger),

Albert Smith, vice president; Sara Whalen, secretary; which is available on a quarterly basis without cost

George M. Cannon, treasurer; Edward H. Anderson, to the blind; The Book of Mormon; and other works.

Nephi L. Morris, and Thomas Hull. The announced Talking Book machines are lent through Talking

purpose of the society was "... to publish literature Book Machine Lending Agencies, located in various

for the blind, to aid in their education, to endeavor areas throughout the West. These Braille and record

to improve their condition, to become interested in materials are also furnished to libraries throughout all that pertains to the welfare of them, and to cothe world.

operate with others as opportunity offers in working Thousands of our brethren and sisters, as well as for these ends through education and legislation."countless nonmember friends throughout the world,

A great many of the legislative goals fostered by have had their lives enriched through the selfless these early leaders have been achieved in the time service of this organization over the past halfcentury.

since 1904. The State of Utah has become increasingly cognizant of the blind and increasingly active in Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin (seated)

their behalf. Many of the functions formerly perconfers with andElderSisterJesseIreneAndersonJones.

formed by the society, such as the education of the blind, have been taken over to a large extent by the state in the Utah Association for the Blind and Reading rooms for the blind.

Upon the death of Dr. Talmage, George Albert

Smith became president of the society. Upon his

death in 1951, Joseph L. Wirthlin, Presiding Bishop

of the Church, was elevated to the presidency of the society. He has remained in this position since that

time.

Bishop Wirthlin has spent a great deal of time and energy furthering the ends of the organization as has

Marilyn Probst, his personal secretary, who doubles as secretary of the society. Marion Greenwood, Ralph

Cracroft, and Evelyn P. Shelton are also currently

serving on the board of trustees. Two other individuals who play a large role in the Society are Elder

Jesse Anderson of Ogden and Sister Irene Jones of

Salt Lake City.

JULY 1959 539 PRESIDENT HENRY DINWOODEY MOYLE

Some Personal Impressions by Richard l. Evans

of the Council of the Twelve, and

Editor of The Improvement Era

In the close and constant association of Church Commencement exercises on June 8, 1959, when an assignment, trust and affection bring into focus great honorary degree of Doctor of Laws was conferred qualities of character that form themselves into peron Brother Moyle four days before be became a sonal portraits and impressions. member of the First Presidency:

Such a portrait and impression of President Henry

D. Moyle shows many strong and contrasting sides. "Mr. President:

Of the many things he is, and of the many ways "I have the distinctive honor to present Mr. Henry

by which he has come to be what he is, some Dinwoodey Moyle, Bachelor of Science in Mining few are suggested by the citation which was read Engineering and Bachelor of Arts in General Studies, by Dr. Carl J. Christensen at the University of Utah both from the University of Utah; Doctor of Juris540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

*9M

* AP*..

mi

I

ts:

First Presidency from left to right:

First Counselor, President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.;

Second Counselor, President Henry D. Moyle;

President David O. McKay,

prudence from the University of Chicago; student dustrialist he has been prominent in the development

of geology at the world famous mining school at of the oil industry, the trucking industry, and the

Freiburg, Germany; and student of the law at Harlivestock industry. As an educator he served as a

vard University. law professor for twentyfive years at this university

"Mr. Moyle has been and now is engaged in an and now is a member of the Governing Board of the

unusually diversified career of distinguished service Brigham Young University. As a soldier he was

to the Utah community, and his influence is now felt captain in the army during World War I, taught in on a worldwide scale. the R.O.T.C. program at the Utah State University,

"As a lawyer he has served in general practice and and was commander of American Legion Post #2 as a United States attorney in this area. As an inat Salt Lake City. As public servant he is now a

JULY 1959 541 member of the Water and Power board of the State During World War II, when many vital materials of Utah, and was a director of the Petroleum Induswere in short supply, the Improvement Era was urtries Council, being in charge of district #4, during gently in need of an added allotment of paper, to

World War II. He was a prominent candidate for keep in closer touch with the tens of thousands of

governor of this State in 1940. young men in the service, and with the members of the

Church, many of whom were on the move in the "As a social worker he was one of the prime movers war effort. General conferences as such were canin the establishment of the welfare plan of the L.D.S. celed, and so were many other meetings, and there

Church and now is the general chairman of this was urgent need for wider and better communicaactivity. tion by means of the printed word. Brother Moyle,

"As a churchman he is now a General Authority who was not then one of the General Authorities of of the Church of his choice and as such has a worldthe Church, but a highly successful practising attorwide responsibility and activity. ney, was asked to go to Washington, D. C, with us,

to plead our case before the Appeals Board of the "Because of the high quality of his service to his War Production Board.

fellow men in a broad field of human activity, I In wartime Washington, hotel space was difficult recommend on behalf of the Board of Regents of to obtain, often unavailable, and we stayed in the this university, that Henry Dinwoodey Moyle be apartment of one of President Moyle's brothers who awarded the degree Doctor of Laws, Honoris Causa."was absent from Washington at the time. Before we

went to our appointment with the Appeals Board to

All these things he is, and many more. face our very formidable task, President Moyle said

He faces problems with forthrightness, advocating in substance: "We are not here on our own errand.

with strong opinion, even to contending at times This is the Lord's business. If he wants us to succeed,

against all opposition for what he believes to be a we are entitled to his help, and we need his help. Let's

right and sound position, yet not being unwilling to place the problem in his hands."

change an opinion or a position when facts so suggest. Then, unforgettably, I recall that we poured our

The exactness of his training first in science and then hearts out in petitioning for the help on an errand as a lawyer has given him a great respect for facts, not of our own, but one which we felt would affect for logic, for the law, for justice—all tempered by the spiritual strength and morale of many of our

mercy and human kindness. Father's sons and daughters who were in the Armed

He is available to the sick and the sorrowing, to Forces, away from friends and family.

those who bring personal troubles and problems, as Then we went before the appointed body, supplying he is with highplaced men who come to him to the facts, and Brother Moyle pressed the case with a counsel. forthrightness and fearlessness such as we have seldom

Another impression of President Moyle is his fond seen, not asking any favors, but relying on fact and remembrance of his missionary days, and the ease and law. The mission was successful as we soon thereaccuracy with which he uses German. Half a century after learned—and we have never forgotten our

after his first learning of the language, he converses impression of the man who presented facts with freely and preaches publicly in German. fearless courage, with complete assurance that he

The gracious and discriminating qualities of Presiwas about his Father's business—after he had poured

dent Moyle and his lovely wife and companion, Alout his heart in a simple pleading prayer "ere he left berta Wright Moyle, are combined in their six children, his room that morning."

in a closeknit and loyal family, which, though widely With these brief comments on some contrasting scattered as to the geography of their lives, find many qualities of character there come to mind two short occasions to come together, and constant occasion and significant sentences from a quoted source:

to keep close. A loyalty and respect for the princi- "There is nothing so strong as gentleness. There is

ples to which their father's life is dedicated is evinothing so gentle as real strength."

denced in all of them.

He possesses the social graces, personal consideraIn presenting these few personal impressions of tion; broad vision with respect for details; great comPresident Henry D. Moyle of the First Presidency,

passion with respect for law; great courage with a the Era wishes him well as he will serve the cause

humble heart. and the kingdom, with President McKay and PresiFrom personal experience, we would wish for a dent Clark, with rockfirm faith and conviction he

moment to recall an incident that may point up conhas, with courage, with kindness, with unusual trasting qualities of character: competency.

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA President Henry Dinwoodey Moyle

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Research Editor

Following a special meeting of the First Presidency great monument to the Pioneers (and the monument and the Council of the Twelve in the Church Offices, to the integrity of the Latterday Saints to the last

Friday morning, June 12, President David O. McKay generation)-the Salt Lake Temple, and a supervisor

announced the appointment of President J. Reuben of stone work on that landmark.

Clark, Jr. as his First Counselor and Elder Henry D. His father, James H. Moyle, was also a stonecutter

Moyle as his Second Counselor in the First Presion Temple Square. He filled a mission in the Southdency. ern States, and then went to Ann Arbor, Michigan,

President Clark who has served as Second Counto pursue the study of law. With his LL.B. degree

selor to President McKay since April 9, 1951, now issued by the University of Michigan, he delayed his succeeds to the position held by President Stephen L plans of returning home to Salt Lake City and the

Richards who passed away unexpectedly on May 19, practice of law long enough in that summer of 1885 1959. President Moyle, a member of the Council of to stop at Richmond, Ray County, Missouri, for the

the Twelve since April 1947, succeeds President express purpose of interviewing David Whitmer, one

Clark as Second Counselor.

President Clark, now eightyseven years of age, first entered the Council of the First Presidency in April 1933. For eighteen months he served as Second Alberta Wright Moyle,

Counselor to President Heber J. Grant and was susHenrygraciousD. wifeMoyleof

tained as First Counselor to President Grant in

October 1934. From that date until May 1945,

Presidents Clark and McKay served as counselors to

President Grant; from May 1945 to April 1951 they

served together as counselors to President George

Albert Smith. President Clark has now served as a

counselor in the First Presidency longer than any elder in this dispensationmore than twentysix years, serving with President Grant, President Smith, and

President McKay.

President Clark was born September 1, 1871 at

Grantsville, Utah, and is a lawyer by profession. He

is the eldest living member of the General Authorities. He is a keen student of Church law and of the

life of Jesus the Christ.

Much should deservedly be written about President Moyle and his background.

Elder Henry Dinwoodey Moyle (his second given name is his mother's maiden name) has a great heritage in the Church—and he has carried it forward. His

grandfather, James Moyle, faithful resident of the old Fifteenth Ward on the west side of Salt Lake

City, was one of the stone masons who built that

JULY 1959 543 Alice Dinivoodey Moyle, mother of Henry D. Moyle.

James H. Moyle,

father of Henry D. Moyle.

of the Three Witnesses to the authenticity of the later, he entered the University of Freiburg, Germany,

Book of Mormon. At that time, David Whitmer, an to study geology for a year.

elderly man, had not affiliated with the Saints for On his return home he reentered the University many years. He bore his testimony concerning the of Utah where, after additional studies, he received

book to Brother James H. Moyle, as he had done to a degree in science and studied law. He then entered

countless others; Brother Moyle recorded the testithe University of Chicago, and in 1915 he received

mony, and the words of David Whitmer, as recorded a degree in law from that institution. Later he

by James H. Moyle, are often used by students of studied at Harvard University.

Church history today. Following this, he opened law offices in Salt Lake

James H. Moyle (the father of President Moyle) City, only to interrupt a promising career to serve

was a national figure filling positions of important in the U.S. Army during World War I. He was

trust in the administrations of President Woodrow captain in the Twentyfirst Infantry and was an inWilson (where he served as Assistant Secretary of structor for a year at the officers'candidate school at the Treasury) and President Franklin D. Roosevelt the Presidio in San Francisco. For another six months

(as Collector of Customs). Elder Gordon B. Hinckley he was in charge of the Reserve Officer Training

in the biography James H. Moyle recalls that Sunday Corps at what is now Utah State University, Logan.

evenings there in the East would find him in the Following the war, President Moyle resumed his branch meetings of the Saints, where he would often law practice in Salt Lake City where he had a dishumbly act as a deacon in the sacramental service. tinguished career until he was sustained as a member

The late James H. Moyle is also well remembered as of the Council of the Twelve on an Easter Sunday

a former president of the Eastern States Mission. afternoon in April 1947. His legal career included

President Moyle's mother was Alice E. Dinwoodey, two years as an Assistant U.S. Attorney for Utah,

a member of a prominent Utah merchant family. later came the appointment as U.S. Attorney.

But this is the story of President Henry D. Moyle, For a quarter of a century he was a member of

recently appointed as Second Counselor in the First the faculty of the law school of the University of

Presidency. He is a native of Salt Lake City, his Utah. He has been a longtime member of the Amerbirthdate being April 22, 1889. He attended Salt ican Bar Association and the Utah State Bar.

Lake City schools, the old LDS University, and He has been prominent in development of the received a degree in mining engineering in 1909 from petroleum refining industry in Utah and the Mounthe University of Utah. tain West. He is active in livestock, mining, trucking,

That same year he was called to fill a mission in and banking enterprises.

Germany. After obtaining his release three years During World War II he served the country as a

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA government director of the oil industry. In 1943 he making strong the welfare program. Then he was

was appointed a director of the Petroleum Industry called as a member of the Council of the Twelve.

Council, and as chairman of refining for District For the past twelve years he has been traveling

Four, comprising the Mountain West area. He later world wide throughout the Church, counseling the

became director of the more permanent successor members, aiding in the missionary program by meetorganization, the National Petroleum Council. ing with government officials where necessary, and

For ten years, beginning in 1927, he served as explaining the purpose of the Church.

president of the Cottonwood Stake in Salt Lake He has received deserved success in many fields

County. Under his direction this stake was one of the of endeavor in his life. Underlying them all has

first to attempt practices which grew into the Church been his first consideration always—the furthering of

welfare program. When the general committee was the Church here in the earth. His Church assignorganized in 1936, he was called as a member, bements have been, and are being filled daily by a

coming the chairman in 1937. This position he now reservoir of boundless energy and an entire loss of

relinquishes as he becomes the Second Counselor in self in devotion to the cause.

the First Presidency. The announcement of the reorganization of the

In the welfare program he has seen that work grow First Presidency came Friday morning, June 12, durfrom almost temporary, seasonal projects to a place ing the sixtieth annual June MIA conference. (Presiwhere the welfare plan is worldwide in scope, caring dent McKay had advised President Moyle of the

for the needs of the Saints. Under his direction the decision Thursday afternoon.) Within hours, the

welfare program accomplished an enviable record MIA had sustained the new First Presidency.

in filling the needs of the Saints in warravaged President Moyle married Alberta Wright, the

Europe more than a decade ago. More recently the daughter of Elder Charles C. and Clara Scoville

welfare program has been found ever ready in proWright, October 17, 1919. President and Mrs. Moyle

viding for victims of natural disasters, and standing have four daughters and two sons. They are Mrs.

to assist families in the wards and stakes, branches Alice M. Yeates of Idaho Falls, Idaho; Mrs. Marie M.

and missions of the Church. Whatever tomorrow Wangeman of Beverly Hills, California, Mrs. Virginia

may bring, the welfare program stands ready, but M. Marsh of Dallas, Texas; Janet Moyle Nielson of

today it is a wonderful neighborto-neighbor funcBartlesville, Oklahoma; Henry D. Moyle, Jr., and

tioning program under the direction of the priesthood Richard W. Moyle, residents of Salt Lake City. Elder

of the Church. Richard W. Moyle is currently away from his home,

For eleven years (19361947) Elder Moyle traveled filling a mission in Uruguay. Another son, James H.,

throughout the Church assisting in setting up and has been lost in death.

Brothers and sisters of Henry D. Moyle, seated,

left to right: Gilbert D.

Moyle, Evelyn M. Nelson,

Sara M. Creer.

Standing, left to right:

James D. Moyle,

Walter G. Moyle,

Henry D. Moyle.

JULY 1959 545 medan sensualism, and the fanatiBOY AND GIRL migration of souls, our authority does cism of the early church; and its good not explain. An eminent encycloand evil... with the convenient by Ruby Zagoren pedia of religion can tell us that in

idea of transmigration of souls, from the Book of Mormon "Calvinism, the Persian."41 It is all as easy as Universalism, Methodism, chiliasm,

that—the student "will not fail to Until a boy is just past two Catholicism, deism, and free masonremark"these parallels. Why a He likes to cuddle close to you. ry are discussed,... not by name,"

feeling of dependence on God must of course, but "in a manner that reto Smith's strikingly corresponds from the Brahminscome girl, matter her years, no what instead of A lations to thereby these systems,"Schleiermacher, or what resemblance try to tears; Will your kiss awaythere is between Gnostic aeons and proving the Book of Mormon a

Mormon dispensations, or why fraud. But just where will one find

anthropomorphism is identical with When she has scarcely learned to out exactly what Smith's "relations to sensualism, or when and where any walk these systems"were, in order to

Mormon has ever preached transThere is some mother in her talk. make the "striking"comparison?

Principles and... personal

peace

Richard L. Evans

The Grab Bag

(Continued) to show how me in the talked recent weeks of being ago Some we circle,"cries a the youthdraw of of of it, impossibility the world, not but and ful "I will Smith, Joseph you make all recall currently people. pleasing now And we THE fine Swissa watch!"So Joachim SPOKEN this to significant quotation source: a accredited

or or Smith Anselm or Ethan WORD "I give for success, cannot the formula but I you takes a stick orRabelais somebody 1 for failure—try can give to please formula the everybody."you

circle a sand, in the drawsand and is all fact principle of that people please cannot The people—nor

adroit theforthwith wily and Joseph is in principle. fact further there without people can the And a beautifullyturns out running

fact lives live that their principles people cannot abandon and tells that perfect time!mechanism in prinof peace. the can "Nothing bring triumph peace you but

is This exaggeration. not an The

all ciples,"2 to said principles decide Emerson. have on what We of in structureBook Mormon will live will decisions, principles our our on what make and we we

is bit asdesign complicated, every lives. or later, to has decide sooner person sooner the Every and

involved, ingenious as the and works his decisions. the simpler decides he to those will be who And

just watch, asof a Swiss and withal this are of out'of the the reminder experience comes yet young running.smoothly With no model

to of follow and no instruction any past:one day"Thereachprinciplesmaturity;nowandimplantedin that inmaturitythy bosomthouwillwiltgrow,find andthykind the model? was (Where 3 Who it hell."in or thy said "In these sentences: heaven Horace Mann instruct?) writer the of thatcould

talk of vain in they happiness impulse never do an subdued who of together brought thousandsbook principle. to sacrificed to a a never obedience present who Heideas toknit events and and them to future a one, or a of a personal general good, can happispeak

in a unity.gether marvelous most colors."4 as of ness are only for the the blind "Expedients hour; do

critics like to think theYet they have 5 for principles of right ages."or the the question whole wrong And of theexplained comBook Mormon

is in involved choice two. a the standards There between must be

if justpletely discover they can isn't that there that anything counted can be can anyone on—or got Smith mightwhere have Joseph

life live in on. to learn principles, the count sooner by And we his of or ideas expressions!one the sooner we shall have that peace of which Emerson spoke—the It does not relieve the absurdity

that of principles, with the peace triumph with comes the living situation toof the point very much of of the law, setting with keeping aside with the commandments,to possible than source one more self. selfish of a indulgent and

for of ecthe Book "The Mormon.

clesiastical student will not fail to 'Motto attributed to the late Herbert Bayard Swope.

remark that Mormonism is an eclec2Emerson,3David Thomas.Self Reliance.

tic religious - philosophy, drawn 4HoraceBHenry WardMann.Beecher.

from Brahmin mysticism—the dependence of God, the Platonic and "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Gnostic notion of Eons... MohamColumbia Broadcasting System, April 26, 1959. Copyright 1959.

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Why, in the Book of Mormon, LEFTOVER PROBLEM p.Galaxy356: MagazineThe Encyclopedia(New York),IllustradaII (1866),in its

naturally, since there is no other article on Mormons, p. 1126 describes the

source! by Ida M. Pardue Book of Mormon as a mixture of the

Smith's Joseph manuscripts "and Spaulding in that us informs Pelt Mr. Van

ideas."Wesleyan are pas- "there Some housewives are very shrewd fanatical ofthe Mormon Book Francis "Charles Jr., Adams, "Henry

a dependbetray also whichsages such other books, as the At using up those bits of food. AdamsProceedingsVisitsofthethe MormonsMass. Historicalin 1844,"Soc,inence upon

Westminster Confession of Faith and In feeding six—I find it rough LXVIII (Oct., 1944May 1947) (Boston,

286. p. 1952), Since Discipline."43 Methodistthe England Davis, B. 15D. "The? New quite Just to cook and serve enough. question are passages inthe England of Origins Mormonism,"New

short, one wonders why our authorQuarterly XXVI (1953), p. 158.

ity does not produce them; the rea10B. W. Beers, The Mormon Puzzle and

York: It WagFunk Solve to & (New How is quite plain: for the omissionson in particu- "Millerism 34: nails, p. 1887),

"betray actually passagesthe at that attention great attracting a relar was into the incorporated two greater than any time, so they and nosemblance"its leading tenets."The Mormon''Book of which cleverly conceal the fact. 49 at same on the randomtexts chosen

teaching, Miller's of date as the to remark resent right to such have no Mormons another betray. 44 Yetsubject would Church the Mormon "when began which is Bible the since however, taking up tricks, encyclopedia,religious is Kingsold,"from a year J. D. was only

where the SchaffHerzog leaves off, treated with the same perfect liberty bury, Mormonism (New York: Congrcg.

informs an unsuspecting world that by the same critics: "Every scholar Home Missionary Soc., No date), p. 6.

under Mormonism E. Biederwolf, 17W. to ". according goes way and his own Nephi [which speech of.. the B. Rapids: Searchlight W. (Grand the chooses what predilection private quotations contains from hisspeech?] first 2,000 p. 3: "The Eerdmans, 1956),

the Westminster Confession of is genuine and what is secondary in converts came, nearly every one of them, of Western churches Baptist predilection"of the "Private out book."50 start a the fine such aFaith."45 With

This is Ohio."and Eastern Pennsylvania method. grabbag key to the is the the takes treatise upcontemporary Magazine Galaxy strictly untrue. The

cry: "Nephi who purports to be a article, loc. cit., calls the Mormons "Wespre-Christian prophet, uses verbatim leyan Baptists."

quotations from the 17th Century FOOTNOTES I8A. Campbell, quoted in Painesville

6 (Kirkham, 15, 1831; February Faith."* Confession ofWestminster M. ee F. Brodie, No Man Knows My Telegraph,11,93).1; assures us Finally Father Rumble 6870. History, to Salt Lake Great pp. Journey 'J. Remy,

Zeitlin, S. is discussed 231-2. by ento method 2The City 1861),... (London,that managed "Mormon

( Quarterly Review, 1952 XLII in Harpooned Jewish Theobald, MormonismI, J. quotaplates his golden grave on find) always 24. notes, can "One p. 150: Horsell, p. 1855), who (London: W. the from tions word for word parallel cit., those ideas with 5960. one's purpose for op. Brodie, pp. F. M. aThus

Westminster Confessions."47 What in ancient writings,"or modern. 22T. F. O'Dea, The Mormons (Ithaca,

started out as passages that "betray 3The parallel between Joseph Smith 1956), p. 28.

frequently noted even was Mohammed on anand of one text a dependence"prophof contemporaries the Mormon by Davis,uDer Grosseop. cit.,Brodkhaus,p. 155. s. v. "Morjudgment purely subjective other—a Ursprung Meyer, writes Ed. et,"u. monen."

—finally emerge after passing from Geschichte der Mormonen (Halle, 1912), 2*Ed. in Knowledge, A Weekly Magazine

hand to hand with no checking of p. 67. A recent reflection on this is worth (New York), Vol. I, No. 9, Aug. 2, 1890,

it in is remark, B. Arbaugh's quoting: G. than as nothing less sources, original p. 2a186. Press, Saints (Augustana or LatSex Gods, and Gunnison, The Mormons J. W. is This for word quotations. word "in fundathat 10, p. Mormonism Saints (Philadelphia: terDay 1957), J. B. Lippin-

a highly characteristic procedure in mental respects is more alien to Chriscot, 1856), p. 61.

Book of Mormon criticism, converttianity than is Islam,"i.e., modern E. D. Howe, op. cit., pp. 54, 19. ActualCf. Morto Islam than Christianity Marks. ly David from a quote J. B. to speculation damning cautious ing

is. Ages, in 6: All p. Turner, monism Mormonism isHowclosertrue! of process the simple certitude by its allies."den uher natural Vorlesungen iI. Goldzieher, Romanism, "Atheism and

whispering from ear to ear. Islam (Heidelberg, 1925), p. 194. J. Theobald, The Overthroiv of Infidel

Its Origin, Horsell, Young, Mormonism: (London: 1850), Mormonism 5T. W. W. teachCampbellite prove that To

Geo. one. a Dangers Doctrines (Ann Arbor: and charge was common the "prevades ing Mormon Bible,"7-8. Uses of Adversity 1900), pp. Wahr, p. 2"G18. K.TheChesterton,

one critic has only to point out that 6C. W. Ferguson, The Confusion of (New York: Dodd, Mead, 1921), p. 189.

in both "baptism was important... Tongues, A Review of Modern Isms (New 30Arbaugh, op. cit., pp. 9-10.

369. Co., p. York: Doran 1928), & of and coming the expectation and II, Witness, F. 89, Kirkham, 81See New 6- Religion Encyclopedia 7Hastings of Telegraph, Painesville Christ, are unthe of reign quoting millennial 92, 85. Vol. XI, Ethics, p. preacher 1831. Campbellite 15, February S A course reproduced."48 equivocally Of about MorTruth The Snowden, H. J. in pulpit a a to which refused occupy 113. in basic p. York: Doran, 1926), things been have monism these (New to prospeak, invited been had Monnon Its Leaders Mormonism, Jr., Hyde, "John eschatology Christian and Jewish another testing that proclaimed "the man Fetridge, P. York: Designs W. and (New II, Ibid. in book."gospel written another Joseph beginning—but the from 281. p. 1857), believe there 113. not Campbellites do got only have them could Smith History Mormonism 10E. of D. Howe, that great the apostasy, ever Holy a was this because Campbellites, the from 70. (Painesville: p. 1840), any but the ever Ghost had among was

particular writer wants it that way. uHowe, in The Painesville Telegraph, original apostles, that rebaptism is necesOne seminarist has sought to demFebruary 15, 1831 (Cit. F. Kirkham, op. sary, that a definite organization is reonstrate that "In its theological cit., II, 58.) quired for the church, etc., to name only

listed differences of fundamental the few History, 40; H. Mattison, p. Howe, A a of the coloring position Book and loc. cit. Campbell, by the Doctrine Scriptural of of the Defence theDisciple of a volume Mormon is leader's to Arianism, or Burnett, Trinity, a Campbellite SSD. Modern a Check J.

ology."Only to support his thesis etc. (New York: Huntington & Savage, discussion of this (April 7, 1831) is given

he must argue that the book under1851.) in Kirkham, op. cit., II, 113.

went "two several redactions"[sic] 13 J. Hyde, op. cit., p. 281. Editor of?J. A. Hardon, S. F., The Protestant

JULY 1959 547 Churches of America (Westminster, Md.; Hastings, op. cit., XI, p. 85. Founder of Mormonism, p. 132. ) It would

Newman Press,'1956), p. 179. Davis, op. iRS chaffHerzog Encyclopedia, VIII, p. be hard to find a more thoroughly standcit., p. 163. 13. ardized statement of Biblical teachings

"4Davis, op. cit., pp. 148, 154. "The passage in the Confession of Faith, regarding the last judgment. The official

MD. H. C. Bartlett, The Mormons or, Ch. 3233 reads: "After death the souls Catholic teaching is the same ( Bern.

LatterDay Saints, Whence Came They? of the wicked are cast into hell, where Bartmann, Manuale de Teologia Dogmatica

(Liverpool: J. A. Thompson & Co., 1911), they remain in torments, reserved to the (Alba: Edizioni Paoline, 1949), III, 430-

p. 9. judgment of the great day. In which day 433). Indeed this is one of the few

3<A. M. Redwood, "Mormonism,"in W. all persons shall appear before the triChristian doctrines on which nearly all

C. Irvine ( Ed. ), Heresies Exposed ( New bunal of Christ, to give an account of churches, as well as the Jewish doctors,

York: Loizeaux Brothers, 28th Printing, their thoughts, words and deeds, and to agree, and it could hardly be otherwise,

1955), pp. 128, 130. receive according to that which they have since it is all set forth so clearly in the

37Redwood suggests, loc. cit., that Rigdone in the body, whether good or evil. scriptures. The last judgment is a favorite

don's copy (hypothetical) of Mosheim The end of God's appointing this day is theme of churchmen, ancient, medieval, was used. J. von Mosheim in the 1839 for the manifestation of His justice. For and modern, who never tire of repeating

ed. of his Ecclesiastical History, II, 312then shall the righteous go into everlastover and over again almost word for word

314, describes the teaching of Joachim as ing life, but the wicked shall be cast into the story quoted above. "If the speech

"Franciscan mysticism,"maintaining that eternal torments."(Quoted in Riley, of Nephi to his brethren be compared

after "two imperfect ages (or dispensawith the Westminster Standards,"writes tions)... the true and eternal Gospel"Riley (loc. cit.), "a close parallelism will

was finally taught by St. Francis, who was be disclosed."But no closer than with a

the angel mentioned in Rev. 14:6, and hundred other sources.

"that the Gospel of Christ would be Hastings Encyclopedia, XI, p. 86.

abrogated in the year 1260,"etc. And 40H. Davies, Christian Deviations ( Lonthis is supposed to be the source of the TO MY MOTHER don: SCM Press Ltd., 1954), p. 80.

Book of Mormon! "L. Rumble, Mormons or LatterDay

S. Parrott, Uplifted; Tract, quoted in Paul, Saints (St. asW. The Veil 1950), or by R. H. Grenville

Religiousthe cit., Conspirators the Latterop. of Kirkham, II, pp. 304-7.

ExposedDay (Bristol: J. B. Taylor & Sons,

p. 13.1865), Like treasures in a teakwood chest, monism48H. C. (NewSheldon,York:FourfoldAbingdonTest of Press,Morin Vita 3BEadmer, Migne, Anselmi life of souvenirs remain Rich P. Kidder, MorCf. 4344, D. 1914) pp.

50Latinae,Patrologiae Vol. 158: columns 336f; (1842), Mormons The I pp. monism wrest & could memory—all

in scholars51. to the In refer question The cit., 281. op. p. Hyde, J. pain. joy longing, love and and Fromdoctrine in of Anselm's Atonement Cur Dictionary in Whitsitt, 4BP. of Concise is, youth, and its and beauty There oblivious ofDeus remarkably homo? York: 1891), Religious Knowledge (Newfeudalistic chivalric quality. and spring;

article "Mormons."on to 4H. Nibley, the Book Approach An fine lace, tatters like of dreams, Old in Testamentum, Vetus Irwin, A. 60W. City: (Salt Deseret Lakeof Mormon News thing, incomparable one research of speaking And 61f, III pp. (1953),Press,, 42. ) 1957 pp.

UJ. W. Gunnison, op. cit., p. 61. One flawless cameo—your face. on Ezekiel.

May Through December Finances were limited for the two for rock foundation still forms the "lovebirds"and always have been, foothold, and enters the warm ( Continued ) mittee, who with Mrs. but love made up for what was kitchen, one finds a spirit of love.

Merlin Madsen originated the idea, lacking in worldly goods. The walls are covered with family

with sons, granddaughters, and even The story of their struggle when pictures; the old organ even helps

greatgreat-grandsons in original he served in every capacity in show these off. Then one enters the

musical guitar numbers, the aged Indianola, where he was bishop, parlor, where upon urgent persuacouple sat complacently at home, dentist, undertaker, banker, carsion the old violin was brought in front of the coal and wood fire penter, farmer, would take a book out and greatgreat-grandchildren where the old stove merrily sent to tell. danced to the strains of the "fiddler"

out its warm glow, listening to a In the audience December 11, who used to play for a dollar fifty recording from Governor George D. 1958 was a grayhaired man, who cents a night or for vegetables.

Clyde and Mayor Adiel Stewart of reported that "Peter"said he pracThis scribe's mind again reverted

Salt Lake City. Fortunately, betised painless dentistry; "it was more to Mr. Guest's poem which says:

cause of modern invention, the lovely painless for him than for us, which "Yc've got t'sing an'dance fer years, voices of the "Singing Mothers,"I can testify to, but what could we ye've got t'romp an'play, will him, continue them, to cheer without a have done and t'love learn the things ye have by he even had An tools, certificate."picture dentist but no. can be on shownTV motion usin'day; each 'em

Inalso the occasions.family served Petersen Mr. roses the 'round porch the Even

friend, their for dians, 11, and 1878 that It was he was on December year blossom must by year

Peter,"admoniYoung's practised President then a tall"Uncle handsome o'ye, sug- a part they 'come Afore youth, went to St. George in adtion: "It is better to feed them than gestin'someone dear....

vance, to welcome his blushing fight them."Ye're got t'love each brick an'stone

littlebride, that It is the his childhood had been small wonder who cellar from up t'dome sincesweetheart which has been they were added upon thirteen. home,

o'It takes a heap since took place every in the nearly ten years 1870 honeymoonThe livin'in a house is to make it home."

"old their to all "cousined"they so dear to them, and surrey"when (which interpreted means staying living 253 blood descendants. This certainlv was true of the

with one's relatives along the way). As one crosses the hearthstone, Petersen home; for their folk formed

548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a third of the audience at the celewords as written by her daughter, greatgrandchildren as riders. Mr.

bration. This home represents hand- "We never could afford one, and it's Petersen recently passed his grandwork of Mr. Petersen, who like his eighty years now, and I still haven't daddy eye test.

wife still reads without glasses, and one."When I asked Brother Petersen

both do sewing to pass away the This wish however was answered jokingly if he still liked to look at time. when a six diamond ensemble was pretty girls, he said: "I don't have

Last June the Petersens won prizes sent her. Another gift was given to go very far I can see her right

at the Old Folk hobby show in Salt by the president of Maico Hearing here,"and he turned to his bride of

Lake City, Mr. Petersen for his Aid, who asked his local representaeighty summers. He reached out

mending of Indian blankets, and tive to take the couple the latest, and held her hand, and kissed her.

Mrs. Petersen for her needlework. after he had seen a picture in which The Petersens have made their

December 28 marked another they cupped their ears to hear a home a heaven, not with riches, but milestone in the life of "Aunt Ceradio program. with love and hard work, a team

lestia,"as Mrs. Petersen is called, This is not all: the Plymouth that pulled together throughout the

for she turned ninetyeight. Her Company sent a miniature model years.

daughter, Mrs. Cyrus Jenson, wrote and offered a new car to the PeterWhat fortune do they leave? A

to Stanley Schubach that her mother sens to relive their honeymoon in family that will live on forever! Their

in all her life had never had a diaSt. George, to take the place of their name will never die out. May

mond. '29 Plymouth which he still drives their posterity live worthy of their

Quoting Mrs. Petersen's own around the "circle"in the yard, with heritage.

Booby Traps effective of Satan's booby traps. spent his time making future sales

When we allow our moods to go as difficult as possible? And what

( Continued ) grenade is small, but uncontrolled, they soon blow up in would you think of a child of God you had better not have it under our faces. We get into a slump in who continually played with the

your belt when it explodes. our industry or we get into a mental things that would lead him on to

Sometime ago a man expressed or spiritual depression, and we are the ground of eternal destruction?

himself as wanting to become more often unable to get out. Satan Or what would you think of a

active in the Church. He seemed catches many people because they leader who loaded himself down

potentially a very capable person. don't know how to handle the with the very habits and attitudes

At first I could not understand why "downbeat"or the "ebb"in their that would make him fail?

boobies get toFrequently a nothe bishop lives. had already become If you were a baseball player, your their negative gether and by pooling president. visitingor a stake But in

every published be would thinking de- "errors"they example and badwith him, that years I found ago he in for the day newspaper everyone is other. each Nothing more trap picked of stroy thehad booby up to see. final the judgment But may of small groups than peoplesocial common drinking exploded which had

first of that the time us be some may continually are leading each seriousin a who automobile accident ever ersee a record of our own flirting into evil other or with lost. a lifewhere picked was He had rors. to score ought keep on We failure. tinkering with thinking a habit bad whichup had

list ourselves publish our and own toled of the on him ground mined hits, for of runs, errors. example, Everyone knows, and would Weimmorality. "marital crash"had A is that least at bad. has then smoking Lord informed. be The

fiveresulted children minor where it. It counseled against is expensive;

were involved. The extra expense it is injurious; it is dirty; it takes The highest rewards of life are

distraction his financialand it, blew up of get out can what but we it is difficult time; to quit. very And not

life hisposition laid it. and whole was If can what become by we we yet, eyes with open, wide members

ruins.in he Yet always had meant tailend the of the come in on race of a entice other each to play group

well; he really wanted to do right. with it until a souldestroying habit we will not only have won a booby

was merely and a boobyHe prize, but a we become may have their teeth. in was explodes drinkThecontinually into stepping booby process. in the will stop We is devil's ing habit to booby the cheese

Iftraps. a could paint physical one traps being mutilated only booby by in catch boobies groups. best The

of this spiritualitypicture man's stop picking to when them we up to avoid being blown it way up by his bestcould if with will arms be shown let explode. see they Don't is particular to trap any leave booby

off, his his legs it eyes gone,blown is fool that habit a your you bad it alone. to best avoid The wavtorn away, with if and It will remained one. what small quickly, grow is just a to drunkard not becoming

it. We can beso scarred and shattered as. to be of take the first drink. There are only you keep nursing

worth.no present thing, His wish sure of that the one whether kinds of drinkers could one to turn two who

leafover is is a very trap a new Satan, commendbooby set by by failure, quit if he would and: one would who

one,able can but all will he expect how explode by ourselves, quit if he could. A drinker is pracorsuccess? the has disadvantage indiseventually with deadly and He ticing failure.

of one looking for profitable employcriminating effect. Then we may

ment whose mutilations make him What would you think of a basfind that we have only two things almost a total liability. ketball player who practised missing left to show for our pains—a booby

Discouragement is one of the most the basket? Or a salesman who prize and a booby.

JULY 1959 549 Doughnuts & Feathers "No, not bad medicine. Just hot. stove. She wished for Aaron, yet

Hot!"she pleaded picking up a was afraid if he came these savages

(Continued) grease. Turning to doughnut and handing it to the might kill him. The dough was

see what little Aary was gurgling Indian. running out, even though she had

about, she stood frozen. Cunning shadowed his face, as he cut the doughnuts smaller each

Three feathertrimmed Indians slyly said, "You, give sweet bread time. She dare not think what they

stood just inside the door, the midbaby."would do when there were no more.

day sun polishing their bronze Lucinda blew on the doughnut to Suddenly, Big Horse said somebodies. Lucinda stepped towards cool it, then handed it to Aary, who thing to the Indian who was still

the baby. Before she could reach put it to his mouth making little prancing around in her best things.

him one had picked up Aary. She sucking noises. Her hat was dropped to the floor,

made a lunge for the big Indian The Indian nodded in understandthe pantaloons and petticoat followscreaming, "You red savage. Give ing, "Blow evil spirit out."ing. Big Horse put Aary back in his

baby!"blood turned Herme my crib, silently as quickly as then and others in approval, grunted Theto fear. liquid his beat on She left, leaving they came, one picked doughnuts, on them, they blew uparm, but her he pushed away. The plate. the on doughnut ate. then Indian'sbaby grabbed had the long faint. felt picked Lucinda She up

braid and was pulling in glee. One The Indian holding Aary, pulled little Aary inspecting him minutely,

Indian strutted about the room, the out a chair and sat stiffly down saythen frightened him into howls by feathers in his long hair waving as ing, "Me Big Horse. Me friend. bursting into tears.

he tossed his head. Woman make sweet bread."Hearing hoofbeats she cringed,

The other stood by the table. He Aary grabbed one of the feathers wondering if they had decided to

picked up a doughnut, sniffing at in the Indian's hair. He laughed saycome back. Seeing Aaron walk

it. Little Aary started to cry, reaching something to the other two. through the door she sank into the

ing for the doughnut. The Indian Pointing to Aary, he said to Lucinda, nearest chair unable to stop crying.

glanced at the baby then handed it "Him Little Feather.""What happened?"he looked

to him. Aary dropped the braid Lucinda's mind scurried around about the disordered room. Taking

he had been clutching and, grabbing every possible way of escape. As Aary, he quieted him and put him

the doughnut, put it to his mouth. long as Big Horse held Aary, she in his crib, then he pulled Lucinda

The Indian looked at Aary. Taking was helpless, the gun hidden behind to him saying, "Tell me; say somethe doughnut from the baby he bit the curtain was useless. thing."

it.into Surprise softdelight and on. dripped sun no Time The In voice hysteria a with seamed face. hisened piece a Handing of to longer the the backs two warmed visitors. told of she her him Whenhis said, companions he "Washtay! floor sat Indians the on had who finished she the looked about Aaron washtay!"Lela door. the near cut Lucinda and right. shambles. "You've been We didn't she Lucinda, Hope warmed fried until air even the doughnuts neighbors, closer place a need and said,understand what but she was circles. to in swirl odor seemed The to supplies. I four didn't days, In theirguessed actions from they of sickened Lucinda, doughnuts and buffalo. see a We'll nearer the moveliked the doughnuts. Picking the up felt blistered face her arms and Fort,"stated. talk "We'll he about itdish of she doughnuts held toward grease. of the the heat from Her it in the wearily. morning,"he endedthe Indian holding indicating Aary, feet as as her mind. were / numb the In moonlight, shining through it tohe take give was the her and

baby. One of the Indians grew tired of the one window Aaron had so proudTaking the dish the Indian said, eating doughnuts and, while the ly and carefully brought from the

"Good, give more."other two continued to feed their East, he looked worn and defeated.

Lucinda reached for Aary, but the bottomless stomachs, roamed around Sadness nipped at Lucinda. She

Indian held him away saying, "Want the cabin. He bounced on the bed wanted neighbors, but not if Aaron

more sweet bread."Taking a bite until the covers looked like a heap was unhappy. With him beside her,

of doughnut, he then let Aary have of rags. the day's ordeal seemed to fade. She

some. Lucinda fought the urge to throw smiled sleepily in the dark, rememIn trembling slowness, Lucinda hot grease on him when he opened bering the antics of the one Indian.

cut more doughnuts, the Indians her trunk throwing everything on Lucinda was up early, careful not crowded around watching suspithe floor. He pulled her good to disturb Aaron or the baby. She

ciously as she dropped the dough ruffled petticoat over his head leavwanted time to think alone. Maybe

into the skillet. She took the batch ing it hanging around his shoulders, it would be wrong to give up all that

of finished doughnuts from the stove like a cape. He draped her pantaAaron had worked for. In time

and put them on the table to cool. loons around his neck. Her lovely someone might settle on a claim

Turning to get more ready she heard hat had fallen to the floor; picking nearby. Taking the water pail she

a sound of anger. She looked around. it up, he squashed it on his head, stepped outside and stumbled in

One Indian stood, his finger to his the plume dangling over his nose. fright. Big Horse and a young Inmouth, a look of hate on his face. With each act, he talked and gesdian girl sat near the door. They

His other hand went to his knife. tured to the Indian sitting by the stood up, and Big Horse held out

The Indian holding Aary acdoor who screamed in merriment. some freshly dressed meat, saying,

cused, "You make bad medicine."Big Horse continued to eat, feeding "Me give meat. You teach Lost

Fear knotted within Lucinda. The Aary as he did. Bird make sweet bread."

Indian must have grabbed a hot Tears spilled down Lucinda's Lucinda glanced at Lost Bird who doughnut. cheeks ending in a sizzle on the hot nodded shyly. They stood quietly,

550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 8 'A-foot McCormick No. 91

Turns in its tracks to save more grain

Now, steer with levers to save more grain in The McCormick No. 91 gives you capacity

tight spots! Combine small or irregular fields to spare for heavy yields! Auger moves a steady

faster than ever before! Levercontrolled IH stream of grain to the feeder which spreads straw

planetary drive is the secret. You reverse one across full width of 42inch cylinder. This assures

wheel, as the other rolls forward, to turn the fast, clean threshing. Famous IH 3-point separanew McCormick No. 91 selfpropelled combine tion starts instantly at bar and wire grate conin its tracks. You pull both levers back for full cave. Exclusive opposedaction chaffer and shoe

reverse—without declutching or shifting gears! put more and cleaner grain in the tank. Rugged

Even with rowcrop attachment, the No. 91 IH 40 hp engine holds steady speed in tough

needs less headland than a cultivator. But it's going. Attachments include a bigcapacity corn

right at home in big grain fields. unit that fieldshells corn at low cost.

Try the amazing maneuverability of the new 8Hfoot dealer has the leaders from 10 to 18foot. See him for

the great, 7-foot McCormick No. 76 pullbehind, too.

See your Dealer InternationalINTERNATIONALHarvester Products pay for themselves in use—Farm Tractors andHARVESTEREquipment... Twine,. Commercial Wheel Tractors... Motor Trucks,

Construction Equipment—General Office, Chicago 1, Illinois.11JULY 1959 551

waiting for her answer. Lncinda whatever would please her man, meat she would teach Lost Bird to

was surprised at the girl's daintiness, even to learning strange things. make doughnuts. Too, she would

and in the early sunlight they Her fear vanished. She looked have someone to talk with, and they

looked like children waiting for across the prairie, and for the first might even learn to understand each school to start. Lost Bird looked time it seemed less empty. Aaron other.

lovingly at Big Horse and Lucinda wouldn't have to be gone so long She heard Aaron stirring inside.

felt shame for herself. This Indian on the hunt now, he could stay home She called, "Aaron, hurry, we have

girl evidently was willing to do and work the land. In exchange for neighbors for breakfast."

Preparing Youth for Missions from a brief week in the mission to perform his three year mission on home. A missionary constantly faces the earth.

(Continued) encouraged a group the reality that "Man's extremity is of early morning seminary teachers the Lord's opportunity."He must Help Students Gain a Testimony

to put more emphasis on doctrine have studied and prepared for his and scripture in their teachings. He call if he expects to be a spokesman The most valuable possession the

said, "A welltrained seminary or for the Lord. When a missionary young missionary can carry with

institute student can engage in misgoes to a cottage meeting prepared him into the field is a testimony that sionary work the first week he for failure, he is rarely disappointed. the message he bears is true and the

arrives, while others need approxiWhile teaching the gospel to a Church he represents is directed by mately six months training."family in Czechoslovakia, both my God. The importance of personal

companion and I were resigned to testimony was stressed by recently

It's All in the Mind the fact that the husband would returned missionaries who were never join the Church although his asked what they considered their "Success begins with a fellow's wife had asked for baptism and was most valuable personal asset in their will—It's all in the state of mind."only waiting for him to join. She mission work. They felt that en-

-Walter D. Wintle was prepared to make her covenants thusiasm was vital, a desire to share

The degree of our success in all and was convinced that the truth the gospel necessary, and a knowllife's activities is directly related to would be manifest to her husband. edge of the scriptures valuable; but

the way we think and feel about As elders we were prepared for failnearly every one mentioned that a what we do. The more we think ure, but because of her insistence we fervent testimony was absolutely esand prepare for something, the more continued to labor with the husband. sential.

ready and able we are to accomplish Eventually he entered the waters of Missionaries soon learn that they that task. baptism, but we almost failed bedo not prove to investigators that the

When returned missionaries were cause we were prepared to fail. Church is divine. They present the

asked to respond to the question, To help youth get a "mind set"facts, humbly and sincerely, but the "What was your greatest weakness for a mission the teacher might use Spirit must bear witness to the honin becoming an effective missionsome of the following suggestions: est seeker to the truthfulness of that

ary?"the majority named fear—fear 1. Occasionally invite newly remessage.

of failure, fear of meeting people turned missionaries to visit your One mission president found, by and of being unprepared to explain class and explain the needs and means of a questionnaire, that over the gospel, fear of being trapped, weaknesses of most new missionseventy-five percent of the converts and fear of themselves resulting from aries and instruct the students to to the Church knew the message lack of selfconfidence. start now to prepare themselves to borne by the missionaries was true

To overcome this fear, a missionbe effective and successful missionafter their first cottage meeting. The

ary must have confidence and conaries. first contact was most important, and

viction in himself and the message 2. In teaching, fortify the subject when two young men imbued with

which he bears. material with some of the thrilling the Spirit of the gospel could bear

Teachers can help young people missionary stories of early days of a motivating testimony the investiprepare early to serve the Church the Church. gator felt the impact of their mesas leaders and missionaries. When 3. Occasionally the teacher should sage.

the seed of desire to serve is planted outline and make clear the standards A teacher can often guide youth early and constantly nourished with and qualifications specified by the in their search for a witness to vital religious experiences, missionChurch for all missionaries. the truth. Young people are prone

ary training can take place very early 4. Help the students gather and to doubt, but in their doubts they

in the lives of youth. organize, in usable form, materials must be assured that their teacher

The mission home is not the which will be helpful in missionary knows the gospel is true.

proper place for initial missionary work. A seminary student relates that

preparation. If a young person is to 5. Have roleplaying in the class while he was in the army and conrepresent the Church well, he must s*o young people can see how misfronted by many temptations and

be convinced that his message is sionaries present the gospel and accusations against the Church, the vital and that he is capable of bearhandle problems. great stabilizing influence in his life

ing this truth victoriously. His conRemember, Christ was anxiously was the unshakable testimony of

viction of the truth and preparation preparing during his youth and conhis seminary teacher. Though he

to teach it successfully do not come tinued to prepare until he was thirty did not (Continued on page 555)

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For Grandmother

Doctors tell you that increased action of NOW MILLIONS CAN ENJOY the main body muscles will instantly step up your circulation. If your circulation is

sluggish, increasing the rate of flow through your arteries and veins will make you feel and stay more youthful and you'll look better. Where blood circulation is poor,

exercycle helps the vital organs to function efficiently, of elimhelps the processesmore of wastes.ination removal The Vouthful energy and the

normal heart, lungs and brain all benefit from stepped up blood circulation. after 35!

New, modern, electric exerciser keeps you Fit, Trim, Active and Youthful!

It's no longer necessary to twist, bend, will simply amaze you, and at a pace that strain and deplete your energy in order to will delight and astound you.

keep yourself slender, active and youthful. Send for free exercycle literature now

And you can stop struggling with yourself and learn what tens of thousands of men and with manually operated devices. For and women know, that there is no form of

there's nothing that can put you back into vibrator, bath, massage, reducing or slendergood physical shape faster, easier and safer izing technique that can take the place of than this amazing exercycle. ACTION OF THE MAIN BODY MUSCLES. Turn

In less than 5 days, any normal adult, reyour spare moments into improving yourself

SMALL, SILENT AND ECONOMICAL! gardless of size, weight or sedentary condiphysically and enjoy the many blessings that

Exercycle is so small, compact and silent tion, can, with the help of this wonderful daily exercise can bring your way.

most users keep it in their bedrooms. Fits automatic exerciser, simulate the fast, vigorcorner. small rideinto or can any nook You of the expert cyclist, runner, ous movement Also distributed in Canadait sleep. others into any Plugs while

In less Yes! or swimmer, gymnast. rower set. lesssocket. electricity than Uses a TV wall

Buy it on easy terms. than 5 days, you'll be doing exercises that WRITE TODAY!

Helps body muscles to become stronger, firmer and EXERCYCLE CORPORATION more flexible without manual effort on your part 630 THIRD AVENUE

NEW YORK 17. N. Y.

literature and prices. Send FREE me exercises! or active Relaxed

demonstration. I want home a FREE

is fully adjustExercycle able to your present and Mr.—physiological future needs. Mis -—(please print)—, easily Miss There's no limit to how

exercise or actively you can gradAddress it. It builds with up you

ually, allowing you to expand your activities as your musCity- cles become stronger and more flexible, without ever Zone..State.

exceeding your limitations.

HS&&K8&:: Telephone No..

JULY 1959 553 man/we.FOLDING get the BANQUET

TABLES Direct Prices & strength of Discounts to School's, Churches, Clubs, Lodges, and all institutions in your

TRUCKS MONROE savings For storing ''modernFolding wayTables Chairstruck Eachand S(sjP easy,either -""Handlestron of Truck Construe*storage chairs.permits Tronsporf **Storage tablesNo TSCor

limited '"sP a Truck No. TS Write for Discounts and Catalog showing 54 sizes and account

types of MONROE Folding Tables, and Trucks. Also

popular line of Folding Chairs.

THE "WowiOC COMPANY 249 CHURCH STREET. COLFAX. IOWA

At Deseret Federal, every account is insured to $10,000—But D.F.S.

EXTRA strength makes the difference that really counts. Deseret

THE FINEST Federal's 54 year record of outstanding leadership can be your guarantee of safety and higher earnings and today Deseret Federal is stronger

SWIMMING POOLS than ever with over $1,200,000 in reserves. AH this safety comes to you

without sacrificing earnings or availability.

of Deseret Federal in your saving. } y upwliuAAJrvl * Be wise, get the STRENGTH

FRIENDLY SERVICE Our genial staff makes every visit a red carpet welcome with personalized attention. 6ei a free estimate from HIGHER EARNINGS SAFETY OF SAVINGS AVAILABILITY

Deseret Federal currently Each account is insured to At Deseret Federal your pays a generous 3V2% per $10,000 by an agency of funds are always readily annum U.S. the Government available you need when PADDOCK CO. POOL

. further ings are... andCOMPOUNDEDthose earnand secured by..re-. without them delay, 3075 So. Main HU 4-4925 semiannually. serves exceeding Salt Lake City, $1,200,000. Utah charges.. without kind. of any

In Our 54th Year of Open your account by mail.

Outstanding Service Use the coupon below.

GROUP VACATIONS AND INDIVIDUAL You are authorized to open a Savings Account...

TOURS—OUR SPECIALTY Enclosed find check or money order for amount

HAWAIIAN HOLIDAYS indicated 8 or 15 glorious days. Groups leaving each

month. Name

AMERICAN HERITAGE TOUR Hill Pageant, Eastern Cumorah Canada, Historic Address Zone State Eastern in July. U.S. Leaving

EUROPEAN TOURS CURRENT RATE DESERET FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSN.

LATE FALL MEXICAN TOUR ON INSURED SAVINGS 44 South Main, S.L.C—160 N. University, Provo

Make 1960 travel plans now—avoid disappointment.

Where You Save Does Make a Difference ROBBINS TRAVEL INTERNATIONAL 14 So. Main EL 5-8086 Beautiful Lifetime Free Parking ZCMI and

Melrnac Dinnerware Free When You Save... Temple Square Terrace

Jos. E. Kjar, President Clarence H. Tingey, Vice President

15 Inch Typewriters suitable for Genealogy work Save from 25% to 60% on Factory rebuilds.

Write for free literature. DESERET 1 FEDERAL SAVINGS SCHREYER & TYPEWRITERS ASSOCIATION OfficeLOAN Home757 So. State Office Branch Salt Lake City 11, Utah

South Main 44 Salt Lake City University 1 60 N. Ave. Provo, Utah

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Preparing Youth for Missions (Continued) know for a certainty that the gospel was true and the

Church divine, he knew his teacher knew of its truthfulness, and it was his teacher's burning witness that guided this young man to seek and find his own testimony.

The following might be considered as ways to help youth seek and find for themselves a living testimony of the divinity of the Church:

1. Help students gain a desire to

know if the Church is true. Point

out to the students the value of a testimony. Get youth to reflect on

what type of man Joseph Smith or

Brigham Young might have been without a fervent testimony of their work. Such women as Eliza R.

Snow or Mary Fielding Smith, the wife of Hyrum Smith, were greatly by the motivated and inspired truth. with builtin gas savers gives of the knowledge

2. Teach them the true meaning

of worship and the joy of an inspiring relationship with their Father in heaven. 3. Teach them to pray and to

know the true meaning of humility in a world where pride and arrogance rule. The Lord has instructed, -- the ultimate in

"Be thou humble; and the Lord thy

God shall lead thee by the hand, gasoline performance and give thee answer to thy prayers."Illlllllii,

(D&C 112:10.) Prayer is a key to

testimony, and students should be given every opportunity to pray.

Teachers should help students mature in their praying. Childish, noteYOU EXPECT MORE FROM UTOCO UTOCO

value for of little are prayers like or AND YOU GET IT! students college school or high

any young person who hopes to commune with his Father in heaven.

4. Give students an opportunity

to serve. The reason why young

men and women return from the mission field with a dynamic testimony is that they have been serving their fellow men. Brigham Young

said that more testimonies are gained UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

on the feet than on the knees.

5. Encourage students to bear

testimony or give thanks for what lives. for their in meant has the A Book Church PROFOUND to * themselves FAMILY to commit YOUR them Get STIMULATING * their this great by expressing work INTERESTING * this fact, In others. before reelings

is the heart and core of missionary work. A class testimonial or "Gospel Ideals"

"thankful period"is very appropriate if not forced or repeated too freIn Its Third Edition quently. Selections from the Discourses of

In this world torn with strife and waitare thousands insecurity, many acPresident David O. McKay to and the message ing to hear

it A QQ at all bookdealers

JULY 1959 cept the hope of the gospel. Our LDS service. She replied that these

youth must be trained and prepared young Mormon missionaries brought

TRANSLUCENT toingacceptthis message.the responsibilityThey cannotof carrybe athemessagedesire ofto hope—theyteach and cameserve withand

as the rest of the world if they are not to belittle and subjugate. Then PANELS to preach the gospel to the nations. she made this significant statement:

While visiting a branch in Frank- "I cannot believe that these soldiers furt, Germany, in 1948, the writer and missionaries come from the same engaged a nonLDS woman in connation. What Germany needs is

versation. When he asked her what fewer soldiers and more missionthe German people thought of the aries."

army of occupation, she was almost One solution to world problems vehement in her denunciation of the is not more soldiers but more young soldiers'actions while off duty. Demen and women who have courage

siring to change the subject the to live and carry the gospel to every writer asked what brought her to an nation, kindred, tongue, and people.

Make Your Home and Yard More Colorful, Inviting, Livable colors * in exciting decorator Available "To undermine selfrespect * privacy Lets in light, but retains * Strong—shatterproof

install * Easy to tools—works like wood with is a sin simple hand

* Comes in both flat and corrugated sheets Richard L. Evans

AVAILABLE AT Last week we talked of never making life smaller,

YOUR LOCAL LUMBER THE haveof neverto work,makingto lifethink,less,toandproduce,of the obligationto enrich thewe

SPOKEN world as part payment for what we have received

DEALER WORD from others, and as part payment for all that the

DISTRIBUTED BY given. has Lord to talents, to the parable of the God and We referred & CO. MORRISONMERRILL

it that the fact simply to hold or isn't enough on to what we have, to let habits hold on to us, but we have to repent, we have to improve. We should like now to pursue another side of this subject

with these quoted and significant sentences: "I have no right, by

anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his own eyes.

What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks of

himself. To undermine a man's selfrespect is a sin."1 That last

FREEDOM MEANS OPPORTUNITY sentence seems much worth remembering: "To undermine a man's

selfrespect is a sin."1 There are those who build up, and those

who tear down, those who encourage, and those who discourage.

HOME STUDY belittleThere areothers—fromthose who whatadd tomotivesthe staturewe do ofnotothers,alwaysandknow—somethose who

times perhaps from the mistaken motive that detracting from others is a way of exalting themselves. Often we regret something we

have said—something discouraging, something disparaging, something disrespectful to another person. But life would be much

freer from apology, and from hurt and from heartache, if we would weigh such words soon enough not to say them—weigh them with

the regret that we would surely feel if we knew that our words would permanently discourage another person or lead him to lose some selfrespect, or some of his confidence in his ability to be better. No one can quite justify pushing other people down,

and no one increases his own stature by trying to take away from the stature of others. Life is the greatest of gifts that God has

given, and no one should belittle that gift in himself or in anyone else, but recognize life's limitless eternal possibilities, and build up and not tear down, encourage and not discourage, nor make life smaller for anyone or for anything, but lift the lives of others with

Please send a HOME STUDY catalog, without cost to: kindness and encouragement, with patience and persuasion, and

Name nota man'smakeselfrespectanyone feelislittle,a sin."1and not make life less. "To undermine

Address. 1Antoine de SaintExupery.

City State "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Send to: HOME STUDY Columbia Broadcasting System, April 19, 1959. Copyright 1959.

Adult Education and Extension Services

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW FROM! VIRCO The "CHAMPION"

High Quality, Low Budget Folding Chair

Check these outstanding features:

Reinforced seat "Can't tip"safety -tested * jAr Three leg braces not two if Fusion welded and brazed jt Tough bakedon enamel finish j{ New longlife plastic leg tips "A"Vircoloy steel - 20% stronger

Virco also offers a complete line of folding chairs and folding tables for every purse and purpose.

VIRCO MANUFACTURING CORP.

P. 0. Box 44846, Station "H"

Los Angeles, California

.. fand highest dividends, too

These are the rewards for saving at State. Take

your choice when you open or add $50 or more to your account:

1. A sixpiece place setting of Gorham Stainless

tableware. 2. A fivepiece place setting of Melmac dinnerware.

Additional place settings of either stainless ware or dinnerware available for $2.50 each (a fraction of the retail cost) each time you add $25 /

or more to your savings account.

3. A genuine Sheaffer cartridge pen and pencil set.

(Limit: One free gift per account)

t"\> J/2/o current rate on insured savings INSURED, Open your account by mail..

State Savings & Loan - RETURN THIS COUPON 56 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah Please open a savings account in my name. Enclosed is a check (money order) for

Please mail me the Q Melmac Dinnerware; Q Gorham Tableware; Sheaffer

Pen and Pencil Set.

Name Address City State..

JULY 1959 557 IN THE I hold a corner on the title "the girl most likely not to go fishing."

Although I have held this title for many years, I am not especiallyBROOK proud of it-I've been told by men and women both that I don't know

Daddy catch them what I'm missing. Someday I just might break down and cast a mean

with a hook, line at some unsuspecting trout. And of course, if I do I'll catch it.

Mother cook them (Beginner's luck.) Then I'm sure I'll know what to do with it which

in a pan, is far more than most fishermen can say. These beautiful rainbow,

Johnny eat them German brown, or salmon trout look perfect in a frying pan and taste is the trout fishing season so let's talk a like a man"wonderful on a fork. Now

little about how to prepare them to the best advantage.

The real fisherman doesn't go fishing because he likes to eat fish so much. He claims that how a fish tastes isn't nearly as important as

how it fights. In fact, I've heard the men in my family say, "Who

fishes for the frying pan?"Anyone who does would certainly be better

off if he gave up fishing and bought abalone steaks and giant shrimps with the money he saved. No, nowadays you don't go fishing for food

but for the fun of the sport and for the relaxation it brings.

But being a woman I never could figure out why a big, brilliant man wants to match his wits with a little fish. I must confess though

that I'm glad. I like to cook fish. Will you try some of these recipes

the first chance you get?

Baked Trout—Shrimp Stuffing

6 medium trout 1 can consomme

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock,

Editor

2 egg yolks 1 egg white 1 cup cooked small shrimp, chopped 2 2 cup cracker crumbs 2 small onions, finely chopped

Vi teaspoon salt 3/4 teaspoon pepper 2 tablespoons butter

Clean trout—remove head. (Split

fish to within one inch of tail mo knife under backbone on each side cutting it from meat.

Simmer bones in consomme 15 minutes, strain. Beat egg yolks well

then mix with slightly beaten egg white, shrimp, cracker crumbs, onion, salt, and pepper. Fill trout HOW THEY DO TALK! What? You haven't said a word? But, others have. And,

real nice. have been cream soups Soups Rancho about our Our their commentswith stuffing, fasten together with

"deseasoning our chicken "chickeny;"soups more our to be "creamier;"appear

toothpicks. Lay fish in greased pan. lightful."Why not try one of our Rancho Soups tonight? Get in the talktalk.

Pour over consomme, dot with butter. Baste occasionally. Bake at

350 F. for about 25 minutes or until

fish flakes with a fork.

Trout in a Frying Pan

Roll cleaned trout in seasoned flour, fry in xk cup bacon drippings over medium heat until fish flakes with a fork.

*/4 blanched Saute chopped cup

Vz in light gfeu -fSb<Wcx> butter untilalmonds cube brown. Stir in z teaspoon salt, 2

tablespoons lemon juice. Mix and

spoon over hot fish. Sprinkle withparsley. Serve and eat with delight. KITCHEH CHfiRm

WAXED PAPER Trout Fried in the Oven

Roll six cleaned trout, 6 to 10 Candlelight inches in length, in flour seasoned with salt, pepper, and paprika. Dip Quality

fish in fat or melted bacon cooking EMBOSSED SOFTER STRONGER atoil. shallow, Place on welloiled

sheet.baking in a 350 Put F. oven ITIflRCRL Breakfastfor from minutes 30 to 45 depending

on the size of fish. Turn the fish nnPKins nook

once during cooking. Fish is cooked

yetZQii/irtMe dewing %t Prices

JULY 1959 559 ANNOUNCING! Just off the Press! ANNOUNCING!

it flakes easily a fork and with color. Serve cJhe LKaft JLehi IV by Captain (jDeVere (Bal er whenis a delicious brown

THE TRUE, EXCITING ADVENTURE STORY DEDICATED TO WORLD PEACE! with creamed new potatoes and

Captain DeVere Baker, a devout Mormon, seeking to establish peas and a large green salad mixed scientific Antiquities ancient of the proof and Book of Mormon, to with bleu cheese dressing. records, shipbuilding business Mexico of gave up a successful

prove a point and deliver a message.

drifted followers Lehi the prophet That THE POINT: and his

in and Now for all the rest of you whose to Central from America the Gulf 600 B.C., of Arabia

civilization times, established and that of preColumbian a the husbands stay home and garden or drifted to establish some and beyond of them to Hawaii Polynesian culture in the Pacific. whose husbands come home from

ancient Amerithe Central That THE MESSAGE: war destroyed fish story, are fishing here with just a

live in to can peace or have must learn and man for recipes frozen some appetizing civilization destroyed. our owncivilizations,

|I Here... isa toldstorythewhichstory comesof man'sto life,explorationbeautifullyinto theillustratedancient. past.. or canned fish.

I before your very eyes!

1 LIMITED FIRST EDITION ONLY $4.95! Fillets with Almond Gravy

To: WHITEHORN PUBLISHING COMPANY 2 packages (2 lbs.) quick frozen

5, California 6685 Atlantic Long Beach Avenue, cod or haddock fillets, partially sfs i o*is fta. Enclosed ( ) check ( ) cash ( ) money order is my thawed

story unforgettable An in amount of $, for (No. ) copies 6 tablespoons butter

courage and of "The Raft Lehi IV."Vz cup sliced blanched almonds of human

perseverance. For men Name 2 teaspoons flour

salt and Vz teaspoon women in all walks Address of life. pepper (Dealers: Write us for our unusual Dealer offer!) dash

MAIL YOUR ORDER NOW! 1 cup light cream;

Now's an Extra Happy Time Cut fish in serving pieces. Fry in

butter in heavy skillet 15 to 25 minFor AMERICAN Savers! utes. Brown on both sides. Remove

skillet. hot. from Keep dollars a million Over

left in butter the Saute almonds to will paid ings be AMERin earnflour, skillet in until brown. Add members SAVINGS ICAN

salt, Blend. pepper. cream Add rate current at the this year

of"3*A%. On July semian- gradually and cook over medium

nual earnings will be distriheat until thickened, stirring conbuted at the same highest curstantly. Arrange fish on hot platter

rent rate paid on INSURED All savings depositand cover with gravy.

savings in Utah. ed before July 10 Salmon from the can needs no

of a are not member you the preparation. elaborate Drain full six for a earn

. saving start IfAMERICAN a the onto salmon can and empty at the end months still to enjoy. time. There's now. crisp or of shredded, romaine bed earnings. highest year. the of these leaves, lettuce with surrounded

slices of onion, tomato, cucumber, eggs and hard cooked and halved dressing, vinegar dme/dcm Savings INSURED serve and with oil current rate &. LOAN ASSOCIATION hot buttered rolls and ice cold

of milk. HOME OFFICE 63 South Main, Salt Lake City 1 l r Utah glasses salmon is an economical Canned

Branch: HOUSESUGAR 2186 Highland Drive, Salt DIVISIONAL OFFICE: Honolulu, Hawaii food that is colorful and highly

City 6, Lake Utah BRANCH OFFICE: Kaimuki, Oahu nutritious, yet sufficiently low in

3555 South Market Street, Salt Lake CityGRANGER: BRANCH OFFICE: Hilo, Hawaii calories to appeal to the weight 4, Utah

conscious. It's high in protein, and

this makes it an important food item to vary our menus.

The salmon story itself is so exciting it appeals to our adventurous

MAIN natures. For some unknown reason

STREET the salmon never lives the easy way.

AT 5TH riverIt swimscurrentsagainstandthe thetide tremendousand against

SOUTH pressure of waterfalls, and rapids, battling its way upstream sometimes 320 Rooms The Motel turnas fartoasitsthreebirthplacethousandfor milesthe spawnto reAir Conditioned with the ing season. We are happy there is

COFFEE SHOP Barber Shop Hotel suchcannedansalmonabundancefor us toofenjoy.delicious

Beauty Salon Location

>tL560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Salmon Rarebit

2 tablespoons butter 2 tablespoons flour 1 cup milk 1 can (7 3A oz.) salmon

xk lb. cheddar cheese, grated

V4 teaspoon pepper 3 dashes Tabasco When you use SURE MEAL

In top of a double boiler melt STREAMLINE YOUR FIGURE butter. Stir in flour and gradually IMPROVE YOUR HEALTH

stir in the milk. Cook stirring until

sauce is smooth and thickened. Add FEEL BETTERLOOK BETTER

the cheese, pepper, Tabasco, and the SURE MEAL is a PRODUCT that has been SCIENTIFICALLY FORMULATED liquid from the salmon. Cook over to FURNISH the HUMAN BODY the MOST IMPORTANT NUTRITIONAL ELEMENTS

simmering water until cheese is needed in a LOW CALORIE MEAL. It is a CONCENTRATED FOOD in powdered form

melted, stirring occasionally. Fold that you mix with whole or skim milk or fruit juices to make a LOW CALORIEHIGH

in the salmon and serve on hot toast. andPROTEINmilk. MEAL.NineteenIn eachAminomealAcidsyou getare 20present.grams Justof PROTEINthe rightfromamountvegetables,of carefullygrains

Serves four. selected Carbohydrates and all the Vitamins and Minerals normally needed. There

are no Drugs in SURE MEAL.

Salmon Stuffed Green Peppers YOU CAN SAFELY LOSE 2 pounds a week when you use SURE MEAL. Have

to at 600 breakfast lunch—a meal SURE and dinner—400 CALORIE MEAL for LOW peppers 4 medium green fish consist meat, or serving poultry, of lean should meal of a good calories—this

finely 3 tablespoons fruit. the creamed) light on and cooked—not and Go chopped onion seafood—vegetables—(raw

3 tablespoons finely chopped starchy foods. Leave Off the Rich Desserts and watch out for the little extras

celery as gravies, dressings, bread, etc. YOU CAN LOSE 2 pounds a week—or more-

2 tablespoons butter depending on your third meal.

V/z cups fresh bread crumbs YOU CAN SAVE TIME—your calories are counted for you—

1 can (7% oz. ) salmon 241 Calories in each meal with whole milk.

xk teaspoon salt ONLY—169 Calories when skim milk is used.

Va teaspoon pepper 205186 CaloriesCalories withwith orangepineapplejuicejuice(fresh(canned).or canned).

V4 teaspoon oregano SURE MEAL mixes quickly in milk or juices with a spoon or simple shaker.

1 teaspoon chili powder 1 egg lightly beaten YOU CAN SAVE MONEYwhen you use sure mealYou'll save money every time you use SURE MEAL. Your SURE MEAL will cost less

Cut thin slice from top of the than the regular meal it replaces.

green pepper and scoop out seeds YOU CAN HAVE a healthier, happier, longer, more useful life ifand cores. Trim stem from top. you get your Weight Down—to norParboil peppers and tops in boiling mal. Let SURE MEAL help you take

salted water about 5 minutes. Drain 9 J ffflPSK| ff the extra pounds—then use SURE

and cool. Place peppers in muffin MEAL to help you hold your desired

tins. weight.

Saute onion and celery in butter SURE MEAL is a good, quick nutritious for 3 minutes. In a bowl combine meal.

bread crumbs, drained salmon, seasonings, the cooked and egg and TRY IT - TRY IT SOON lightly. celery.onion Mix and

Spoon into green peppers.

Place tops on peppers, dot each with Vz teaspoon butter and bake in the muffin tins in a 350 F. oven

for 30 minutes. Phone EM 3-9674 Don Lyman & Associates Free

Free Delivery 472 South 10th East Mail

Sister Bertha S. Reeder, general Salt Lake City Salt Lake City, Utah Delivery

president of the YWMIA, says that in her ward when serving a large Please send this ladies of salmongroup $9.00 casserole 40 Meal Size 20 Meal Size $4.75 Q

It often. is economical,turns up Vanilla Chocolate Qfilling, colorful, delicious. and

Send check or money order to save COD

Salmon Casserole charges.

I'm interested in raising funds for 1 tall can of salmon S ] My Church Group 1 cup diced carrots! ] Myself or Family

1 cup diced celery % cup diced green pepper Name Street Add ress

City State

JULY 1959 561 Quality, Utility, Economy

rice grained or long white rice) cheese, cubed cup nippy DURHAM Products %4 cups cooked rice (use either brown 2 eggs well beaten Have Them! 2 cups milk

2 tablespoons butter

Boil the carrots, celery, and pepSolve your seating problems with per in salted water until almost

Durham metal chairs... be sure of cooked. Combine with all other instyle and durability! No. 875, gredients in a casserole. Bake at

strongest steel chair on market, 350 oven for 45 minutes.

may be had with wood, steel, vinyl A good sauce to serve over this clad, or upholstered seat; steel, dish is made by heating a can of

wire, or upholstered padded, soup diluted back. cream of mushroom

Extra extra wide, seat with deep milk. with a little

fully steel curled underneath to eliminate all rough edges.

Back dualcurved for posturecorrect comfort. Safety link

between frame members prevents chair tipping when stood upon.

Induction welded rear brace.

Revolving rubber feet.

for resistance back unequalled to wear and 14"14". Tuna Treats Fireproof. damage. Large seat, x

Standard dining height. Chair weight only

11 lbs. Rubber bumpers

"""Hk for stacking.

f For a different tasting creamed fgtuna try adding some liquid smoke to it. Try Vz teaspoon, then taste.

Serve with new potatoes boiled in their jackets.

Combine a can of "bite size"tuna with leftover mashed potatoes. Beat

in an egg and season with onion salt and pepper. Shape into small cakes

and fry until brown. Good with a

of storing, method stack moving chairs. fit into legs four Try extending leftover turkey or Chair

cups. Rolls on solid rubber castchicken with tuna in a creamed

ers with brass swivels. sauce.

Dilute a can of condensed mushMost Complete Line of tubular and room soup with Vz cup light cream steel folding chairschannel foradults tables. Foldingand juveniles. Steel < THE FVNEST METAL FURN\T\JRE and add 1 tablespoon lemon juice,

book shelf units. Send for catalogs. Durham Manufacturing Corp., Muncie, Ind. a bay leaf, and a can of flaked tuna. Heat just to boiling. Remove bay

leaf and serve hot on biscuits or crisp toast.

An Improvement Era Publication Serve well chilled tuna on crisp salad greens topped with an olive "Gospel Ideals"dressing.combining Make1 cup themayonnaisedressing byor

salad dressing with Vz cup sliced ripe

In Its Third Edition olives, 1 teaspoon each of finely chopped parsley and onion juice.

Selections from the Discourses of

For a luncheon dish, toast rye bread on one side. On the unPresident David O. McKay toasted side heap "bite size"tuna

mixed lightly with mayonnaise. Top

with shredded nippy cheese. Then

$4.00 at all bookdealers

562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA No more dried out hamburgers!

into the broiler until the cheese is melted and the tuna is hot. Serve Morning Milk

with dill pickles.

Try adding a few spoonfuls of tuna keeps hamburgers to the hard cooked yolk mixture when making deviled eggs. Season moist and tender, yet firm,

mixture.as usual eggs with and stuff

finely green pepper right through cooking chopped Add to a tuna sandwich to add flavor and texture.

Yogurt enthusiasts will like the combination of tuna and yogurt.

Just spoon yogurt over tuna and sprinkle with chopped green onion and a dash of pepper.

Creamed tuna is more than delicious on crisp brown slices of fried egg plant.

(Makes 6 to 8 servings) pepper teaspoon 2/3 Milk Vi undiluted Morning cup mustard dry teaspoon 1 egg onion chopped cup finely FISH Va1 ground beef pounds lVi pepper 1/2 green chopped cup 1/2 fine cracker crumbs cupc salt teaspoons IV2 onion and seasonings, crumbs, egg, beef, Milk, Morning Combine patties. 8 parts. Shape into into mixture Divide green pepper.

Place on grill or in folding wire broiler. Cook over glowing

coals 4 to 5 minutes on each side, or until done as desired.

Try These Tasty "Chiliburgers"chili cup several with mixture times brush of Vj While grilling, 2 1 to and mustard prepared 2 teaspoons (or ketchup), sauce teaspoons chili powder. Serve between toasted split hamburger

buns.

WANT TO KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON TODAY IN BUSINESS? yiruuinrvnnt/jtrnrr

Robert W. Bernick, business editor for The Salt Lake

Tribune, can and does tell you, daily, in The fllT Tribune. And his column: "Up and Down the Street"r/n Q

Try trolling a couple of fat night crawlers behind a Colorado spinner slow and deep. You'll not regret

it, but the bass, trout, and landlocked salmon will.

If you want to catch a big brown you will have to fish in high, dirty, hardfished water over sharp rocks.

That is where that big old brown lives and expects to die at a nice old age, and at a good size of five pounds or better.

In hot, hot weather fish at night, if the law allows, or at least in the early morning or evening.

If you are not after the big ones upstream worming with spinning tackle is effective on a hot day.

Lake bass feed regularly after dark on a ledge, a grass bed or a bar.

Fish will not stay in sections of a

JULY 1959 563 EasiestWay To Starch riverbottom.or lake with a white sandy ments.There is a special charm in fishing

castsplash the when reduce rather than To water in the boulders and Iron When wading, step around huge a stream against lake fishing. just before try your plugs with shirt will ing them. Your clamber over

stay dry longer. plug touches the water to start it

Use hot Faultless Starch Line dressing should always be coming back with an upward moveon wash day and save 20 applied to a fly line when it is ment of the rod.

minutes to an hour on irondry. The trick in fishing dry flies downing day! Why? Hot Faultless Creep up on the fish. Wear instream is to keep a loose line on the

water. cauclothing and conspicuous move penetrates deep, makes ironIt takes faith to catch fish—also or trees of tiously against a screen

ing easier. Saves time where bushes. Avoid quick, jerky movepatience.

it counts, on ironing day.

Try it, you'll see!

"Home is yet wherever

she is'

Dist. by CORNWALL Warehouse Richard L. Evans

Salt Lake City, Utah

In speaking to an occasion a century or so ago,

Rufus Choate left some lines on love of country

THE that seem to have as much of meaning for love of

SPOKEN home: "There is a love..."he said, "which comes

WORD uncalled for, one knows not how. It comes with

the very air, the eye, the ear, the instincts,... the first beatings of

the heart. The faces of brothers and sisters and the loved father

and mother, the laugh of playmates, the old willow tree and well and schoolhouse, the bees at work in the spring, the note of the robin at evening, the lullaby,... the visits of neighbors,... all

it;..... love. as and begin happy things which make childhood

lines are of much to life."1 These... come the sense of home

meaning. Thoughts of mothers somehow seem to symbolize the

sense of belonging: of home and family, of the love of loved ones,

the lasting, healing kind of love which Emerson said is "... the

the redeemer blindness, of cure... the blunders, for all remedy

2 heal, to redeem, "power to is love."The souls,... of and instructor

to guide and to guard.... Will you not covet such power as

n:—':—-<—m-t *w n (>* this,"wrote John Ruskin, "and seek such a throne as this?... The

perfect loveliness of a woman's countenance can only consist in and in of happy is the memory founded which peace, majestic that YEARS for SEVENTYFIVEIN USE to your queens. be; always must years, queens you useful simple of Canker, in treatmentAids

.. this....... comes, wife true a wherever sons;. your. and husbands mouth other minor throat andsore waits that heals, and that love a is her"3-with round always home irritations. throatand sheltersshares, and does, gives, and that and love a watches,

and understands. "The stars only may be over her head;... but

for mothers, you is."3 who God she Thank is yet wherever home REMEDY HALLS a such thank him for not now, have who have them. And you City. Utah Salt Lake

mother to remember. And you, the young mothers who have

children yet around you, God grant that you may give them such love, such memories to remember.

aRufus Choate, Oration on American Nationality.

Write your LIFE STORY. sJohn2RalphRuskin,Waldo Lilies:Emerson,of Queen'sWorship,Gardens.Vol. 5, p. 282.

17 prepared pages for writing and 'The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the pictures. Good paper. $1.00. No Columbia Broadcasting System, May 10, 1959. Copyright 1959.

extra postage. Write to Susie Wilson,

Hurricane, Utah.

Just Another Book

that the (Continued) Book of a STAUFFER FIGURE baffling, scandalizwas asMormon ing, first in the and hated a book of its as it has appearance everweek and a happier summer been since. The idea that the Book

of Mormon was simply a product of its time may be a necessary fictionto explain it but it is a fiction none 334 a day the less. If they may be trusted

in nothing else, the voluminous writYes, Stauffer—America's No. 1

ings of the antiMormons stand as home reducing plan of effortless for evidencemonumental fact: one exercise and calorie reduction—

the of andthat Mormonism Book

-Mormon were in no way a product is now yours for far less than.*>

of the society in which they arose. you would expect to pay for

imitations and "lookalikes."

FOOTNOTES 1GEdgar E. Volk, The Mormon Monster

(Chicago: F. H. Revell Co., 1900), quoting G. H. Combs. This is the "standard"

Baptist work on Mormonism.

47G. A. Irving, "The Ways of the Mormons,"Outlook, Dec. 26, 1906, p. 1064.

mlbid., p. 1068.

49Geo. Seibel, The Mormon Saints (Pittsburgh: Lessing Co., 1919), pp. 3-4, protesting in this is that study "nought set Stauffer's rtMagic Couch"(PostureRest) in the

in malice."down

beautiful Princess Model is now yours for only 3149.50 50Stuart Martin, The Mystery Morof

monism (New York: Dutton & Co., 1920),...gives controlled rhythmic motion for the thorough i

pp. 307ff. deepdown effortless exercise you need to help reduce. I

51G. K. Chesterton, The Uses of Adversity (New York: Dodd, Mead & Co.,

1921), pp. 184, 188, 189.

52Ibid., this "In other p. 189; words,

sect,strange in itself solely soaking the Get Complete Details Today by

Hebrew Scriptures, had really managed to Write or Call reproduce the atmosphere of those Scriptures as rather they Hebrews are felt by than Christians."K. Stauffer Home Plan by does G. How

know how an "atmosphere"feels to an520 East 4th South other person?

53Theodore Schroeder, "The SexDeter- Davis 8-0531 minant in Mormon Theology,"in The Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Alienist and Neurologist, May 1908, p. 12.

Care 5tRev. J. D. Nutting, Why about I would like more information about the Stauffer Home Plan without obligation.

(Cleveland: UtahMormonism? Gospel

Mission, 1926), pp. 1-2 (Tract).

BSW. R. Martin, The Rise of the Cidts Name Phone

(An Introduction to NonChristian Cults), (Grand Rapids: Zondervan Pub. House, Address

1955), pp. 5152.

City State

Denmark Celebrates the TRAIN MORMON MAP WAGON isAmerican Independence Day to the time plan route the pioneers taken Shows by the Mormon to: in NOWthat Trip European 1847, historical Accurate to the data on the West.

train. facts portrait Biography of this and wagon(Continued) have an atmosphere Olympic Games—Rome, 1960

Beautifully pictured Young of Brigham on map.

all unique their own—a in color, and deep illustrated aid. I7"x22". teaching valuable Passion Play—Oberamergau A

feeling due to the rare combination Send Today, $1.00, postpaid.

of emigrant loyalty to the new naBUTLER ART SERVICE, P.O. Box 88- T, Orange, Calif.

tion mingled with rejoicing in never We can help you!

quite forgotten memories of an FOR COMPLETE DETAILS OF earlier home. Thus do strong and MURD0CK celebrategood husbands and wives TRA VELtheir new festival together with 51 North State Street

City, Dial Lake Utah DAvis 2-1129 TABLES Salt & FOLDING VIRCOFOLDING CHAIRS is sufficient) to (A the wise word 557 SEE PAGE

JULY 1959 565 you a special their families of old. And the DanRODSoffers

ish nation rejoices at the reunion for a few short hours, with sons and daughters abroad and went who treat to acquaint you with loyalty to the old counshared their try with that to the new."

America's No. 1 refrigerated dressings! tionAt stonethe recentat thelayingnewofDanishthe foundaEm-

bassy building in Washington, D. C,

the Danish Prime Minister, H. C.

said the following: TO Hansen,

"During the 19th and the beginStates was in Denmark mainly I100 REFUND!? ning of this century the United

thought of as the great free country—far, far away across the almost I Mill ROQUEFORT CHEESE endless expanse of the Atlantic

i CHEESE $a,ad I BLEU unlimited there were Ocean—where Pressing (both carry the imported seal) initiaopportunities for people with

SOUR CREAM tive and ability. The practical result of this stream conception was a ISLAND THOUSAND

first until the of emigrants who up jja**?5* coLintry, this to world came war ROD'S, P.O. 15925, LOS ANGELEsTs/CAlTfTI BOX

(Please check labels Labels. the are following Enclosed are to sayAmerica, proud and—we

enclose for.) |i are eligible and amount you of money variNOW THAT IT'S SALAD TIME * you also, together from people with

Dollar.!000 ISLAND Please send me BLEU CHEESE my Q FOR DRESSINGS ROD'S LOOK their countries other | ous have left labels the enclosed I have i SOUR ROQUEFORT CREAM

different varieties 4 FOIL from IN THEIR BRANDNEW of the the development on mark

Dressing. of Salad ROD'S | NAME

IN GROCER'S I YOUR LABELS States. print) which (Please United Please send 500. me The relations, my

labels the enclosed have ADDRESS i thus established a personal on were DEPARTMENT, PRODUCE different varieties 3 from

CITY -ZONESTATE of Salad Dressing. ROD'S conbasis, the years through have DAIRY OR DELICATESSEN JI per refund family. LIMIT: One Please send 250. I me my

I in in taxed, to area and tinued where Void any harmony labels grow the enclosed have CASES.

restricted or prohibited otherwise by varieties different 2 from links uniting so that peace, the now 1960.1 expires 31, January law. Offer Dressing. of Salad ROD'S

Denmark and the United States are strong and unbreakable, founded—

as they are—on common ideals and

mutual respect. Here I would like

to mention the name of Rebild, the

Become a part of DanishAmerican Park, where every year on the fourth of July thousands of DanishAmericans, Danes, and

of the THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Americansold countrygatherthe Nationalto celebrateDay in the new."We of Utah are proud and happy will represent Secretary that Benson Spiritual Fitness Program year's this at the United States fourth of July celebration in Rebild.

for 19591960 As a fitting close to this article we would like to quote Thomas Jefferson's famous words, "We hold providing these truths to be selfevident that all men are created equal, that they

Inspiration from the General Authorities, are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that faithpromoting articles / among these are Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness,"in the late helps in guidance of youth, Hollywood actor Jean Hersholt's and great spiritual treasures for the entire family. beautiful translation into Danish:

"Vi anser det for indlysende Mart—

saa selvf0lgeligt, at ingen forklaring er n0dvendig—at menneskene er

skabt lige efter loven, at de har lov til at har rettigheder, ingen som rettigheder at disse THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tage og fra dem, er: Livet, friheden og retten til at

Put this missionary in the field for only $2.50 a year. s0ge livslykken."

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DISTINCTIVE BINDINGS Your Question For a Permanent Reference of the Improvement Era ( Continued ) it not, and they loved

Satan more than God. And men began from that time forth to becarnal, sensual, and devilish."10 -*-F or 12 issues in handIt was necessary that all should

have the plan of salvation placed some covers only $3. All

before them in that spirit existence, orders should be accomotherwise there could have been no panied with 12 Improverebellion against the plan and if all had not had the privilege of receivment Eras and payment in ing or rejecting it, there could have advance, plus postage for been no punishment for rebellion. return mail.

It is not because our Father wants men to be born in lands where the gospel does not reach that they are born there. Spirits have to come The West's Finest

into this world for the purpose of Printers and Binders receiving bodies of flesh and bones, tabernacles for their eternal spirits.

It is due to man's rebellion that the light of truth is not universal. There Deseret

is, however, in the gospel plan one great blessing showing forth the justice and mercy of our EternalFather. It is the promise that the News

gospel must be taught to every soul, for it is written:

"For verily the voice of the Lord 33 RICHARDS Press is unto all men, and there is none EM 4-2581 to escape; and there is no eye that SALT LAKE CITY, UTAftl

shall not see, neither ear that shall not hear, neither heart that shall not be penetrated.

"And the rebellious shall be for their sorrow;pierced with much

shall the Hot Dog! Patio Parties and Picnicsiniquities be spoken upon

housetops, and their secret acts shall 11 revealed."be

This great promise can be fulfilled...twice the fun with

only by carrying the gospel to the dead and died without who lived the TABLE QUEEN BUNS of receivingopportunity it. Therefor Sliced, your convenience 8 to a package!fore in the the plan prepared was

. vitamins Enriched.. delicious! with Fresh and iron thatbeginning the gospel should

be taken to the dead, who died without a knowledge of it.

FOOTNOTES

!Gen. 2:1, 4, 5.

2Eccl. 12:7.

sJer. 1:4-5.

4John 9:1-3.

EJude 6. fiRev. 12:7-9.

7Moses 3:4-5.

RMoses 4:1-4.

8Abraham 3:2428.

10MosesnD&C 1:2-3.5:1213.

For Picnics That Click, Get TABLE QUEEN BUNS

SALT LAKE CITY ROYAL BAKING COMPANY

ATllPCTp 1P9SIt is a special privilege and blessing of the holy gospel to every believer to know the truth for himAdd to your permanent library of Church literature with self.—Brigham Young THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

12 issues $2.50

JULY 1959 567 The Last Word

Do not destroy the fruit that would sustain old age, by picking the flowers in the spring of youth.

The Prophet Nahum describes, in a few brilliant, successive scenes, the siege and fall of Nineveh.

Among his wordpaintings we find this: "The chariots

shall rage in the streets; they shall jostle one against

another in the broad ways; they shall seem like

torches; they shall run like lightnings."(Nahum 2:4.)

And now some wit asks: "Did they have automobiles in those days?"mmm

... What Every human being whom we approach should be Your possessions pass and are forgotten.

better for us. you are, and what you help others to be, abides in

—William Ellery Channing the eternity of God.

—Harold Marshall

No one is any higher or lower in the scale of righteousness than his thoughts are. They are, therefore,

the standard of his morality, the gauge by which his A single conversation across the table with a wise worth to the world is measured. He can, in his man is better than ten years'study of books.

mental home, entertain angels or devils, as he sees—Longfellow

fit.—Dallas News

A beggar stopped a prosperous man one day to ask for a coin.

The prosperous man told him that God loved him.

"Well,"said the downand-out man, "if God loves me, why Husband: Dear, what's happened to my toothdoesn't he do something for brush? It's so hard and stiff.

me?"Wife: I don't know. It was all right yesterday

"Have you ever asked him?"when I painted the bird cage.

came the reply.

"Er, ah, well—no."

"Then, do you think that I would have stopped and given you this coin if you had not asked me?"

be To conscious that you are ignorant is a great A man of courage is also full of faith. tostep knowledge.

—Disraeli—Cicero

568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.. Balance is the key

Today, as always, the key to happy, healthful

living is a balanced diet. Yet, highspeed modern

living has us cater to our tastes... eating only

what we like... eating some meals on the run.

In neglecting basic foods, with their rich supplies

of important vitamins and minerals, we really neglect ourselves. The modern answer for many

of us lies with food supplements. OroVita Food

Supplement, perfected scientifically and with an

unconditional guarantee, has proved to be the

answer for thousands of families..

Try it yourself!

-tfiw>- 0R0 -VI"**A

vat***-**-*

,.{***>"

SEND FOR FREE TWOWEEK SUPPLY

OroVita Corporation Box 108, Foothill Station Salt Lake City 8, Utah Please send twoweek me your FREELj supply of OROVITA

Mineral OroVita Vitamin and Food Supplement. VITAMIN & MINERAL

rj I am interested in distributing your product in my area. Please send me additional literature. FOOD SUPPLEMENT

Name OroVita is a food supplement to fortify the daily diet and i

Address.. sold only through authorized distributors. Mail coupon fc

your FREE twoweek supply.

City State

Dad is just about perfect in his children's eyes. Beneficial's new FAMILY BENEFACTOR

Everything he does is "Just right"—whether it's PLAN is allpurpose, allfamily protection. One,

toasting marshmallows in the backyard, or providing lowcost policy covers the entire family... dad,

that warm and wonderful feeling of family security. mom, and all the kids... with premium rates that

That financial security can now become a family stay the same no matter how many new babies are affair with Beneficial's new FAMILY BENEFACborn once the policy is in action. It's the perfect

TOR PLAN. It's just right for many modernday plan for young family men... and at rates he can

families. easily afford. Call your Beneficial Life man, or mail

this handy coupon right away for further information.

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Beneficial Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Send now for folder giving more complete detailsabout Beneficial's new Family Package Plan. BENEFICIAL LIFE

Name (Jn {jompafw Street or RFD Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

City Zone State.